They were so nice! A little thrown off from their veitnamese and po-boy menu...but it was good!Yes, do it.
Super yum.
Classic hole in the wall NOLA neighborhood deli - authenticity.
Great place for your standard po'boys...
But also the Vietnamese po'boy (aka bahn mi) and the Korean BBQ po'boy are great. 
Solid and cheap pho and spring rolls (on Saturdays only).
Recently added tables are convenient for eating in... Or get yours to go.
Super nice folks run the place.
Do it.
Go.
Now.This is by far the best po boys in New Orleans. This little gem is hidden in the Black Pearl area. It is a family run business from Miami and it has all the charm of a small unassuming business. Their best seller is the Korean BBQ poboy but I would say anything on their menu is delicious. You have to try the catfish and shrimp po boys! The bread that they use is soft, but not soggy. Just perfect. They are also very reasonably priced. Would definitely recommend!!This is a great little local place.  First off, the family here are some of the nicest people around.  I would give them business any day of the week.  On saturdays they make some Vietnamese dishes that are really good.  They also do po boy sandwiches.  These are very solid.  They are not going to blow you out of the water, but they are tasty and reasonably priced.  It gets annoying paying $10 for a po boy at a lot of the more expensive places.  Definitely worth a try and help out a local family.Let me just say that I appreciate a good dive, and I frequent several divey Viet sandwich shops in ATL. I'm also an avid Yelper and I really think that Yelp reviews can help smaller, lesser-known high-quality businesses get more customers. That said, I don't recommend going out of your way for this place. 
We went in search of a killer Vietnamese po'boys. They were out, so we got shrimp and BBQ pork. The pork was gristly and bland and the bread was over-mayonnaised.
I used the bathroom and if I hadn't already placed my order, I wouldn't have after using the facilities. You have to walk all the way through the kitchen to get to the bathroom, which grosses me out, and the kitchen looked dirty. The bathroom was more like a closet and the door didn't close all the way. It was also really, really dirty (if you've read any of my other reviews, you may notice that I comment on bathroom sanitation a lot. I work in public health and it skeeves me out to think of food service workers preparing my lunch after using a rancid restroom).Singletons is a convenience store and po boy shop in the Black Pearl area of New Orleans.
There are many poboy shops that would be a much better choice, but none are closer to the uptown college campuses, I believe.  The sandwiches were average in quality but the store also sells 40s, a big plus in my book.
Unless you're in the area, go to a different place like domilises or guys.I'm a myopic eater.  When I find something that I like, I'll stay within that tasty periphery until I've been virtually clubbed over the head with other equal or better options.  Not too different from when I only listened to Mr. Jones on August and Everything After for three years before knowing the whiney, nasal soaring of Omaha, Round Here or even Raining in Baltimore.
Which is to say, catfish.  I'm stuck in a cycle of catfish poboy lunches, and I don't want to get better.  I have legitimately thought about this sandwich before going to bed, woken up excited about it, and rewarded myself for a productive morning with its tasty balance of fresh flakiness, satisfying crunch, and flavor-over-heat hot sauce.  Dressed, my friends.  Get it dressed.  
I'll come by on a Saturday after work for the Korean menu and update in about three years.
This is a corner shop a la gas-station without the gas pumps, so if you need some cat food or off-brand mouthwash you can kill a flock with a single stone.  
Bonus: the best combination of swimsuit posters and Sacred Heart of Jesus wall swag that I've seen in NOLA yet.WoW!!!! Mouth watering poboys. For those who does not know what poboys is you are missing out!! 
A poboys sandwich is filled with lettuce mayo pickles Cajun sauce on toasted French bread and ur choice of any deep fried shrimp, oyster or whatever they have on the menu...
Yea it's in the cut somewhere but It was definitely worth going to.
First stop when I first arrived to new Orleans and I got the best sandwich in my tummy... Scored!!!! 
It's a little store with a little restaurant in the back and everything is fresh! 5 star!!!!I live half a cigarette's walk away from this place. Didn't know it was there when we signed our lease, but now I feel like it could have easily been a selling point. The owners are lovely people. I believe their names are Bo and Laura, and their young adult children who are occasionally there are also very friendly.
It's a great place to catch a game or a bite to eat. There's a long, wooden table in front of the kitchen with a view of the TV (which can be caught playing sports, movies, news, etc.), so you can take it to go or eat it there. The prices are really great, especially considering the size of the portions and the quality of the food! Fries are always on point. The catfish poboy is under $8 and it is STUFFED with really delicious catfish. They put hot sauce on the catfish as well, which I thought might taste weird, but it's really an awesome touch. Their menu also includes a bunch of Vietnamese dishes which I have yet to try (I'm still too hung up on that poboy) but it definitely makes for a very eclectic menu.
They also sell some basic grocery items as well as produce.Fried Chicken Liver PoBoy.  And that's all I have to say about that.This is the place to be for a Miami Dolphins game. Owner's are huge fans and really nice people. Come in Saturday for the pho or any day for the fried shrimp poboy. Both are excellent.Singleton's is a good po boy shop and a horrible mini mart. They use quality french bread for their po boys, which is always a good place to start, and like to stuff them full of whatever meat you order. The fry cook knows his stuff and they turn stuff around quickly.   Some of their specialty po boys are pretty solid as well including the Korean BBQ.   
I normally order either the shrimp or the Korean BBQ.  They use large shrimp (for po boys) and the fry cook never burns them.   The breading is simple which lets the taste of the shrimp come through.  The Korean BBQ is fun and spicy with a simple brown gravy with hot sauce.   
Pho Saturday's is interesting with some tasty Vietnamese dishes.  The soup is good (reminds me of what you'll find at Jasmine cafe) and the rice dishes are filling and well flavored. Things tend to be on the salty side, but this doesn't distract from the taste.It's great for what it is...which is a corner grocery that serves quick Vietnamese food!  
Their pho is tasty, and I was happy when I asked if I could just have a bowl of broth, and they happily obliged...no charge.
My boyfriend and his brother had banh mi on a separate visit, and they both liked them.Food is great, Vietnamese on Saturday, even better. And the service is awesome thanks to the friendly staff, homies! GO DOLPHINS!Everytime I'm back in New Orleans I go visit my friends at Singleton's Mini Mart.  I brought my dad last time and told him he had to try their shrimp po-boy.  He was amazed at the amount of fried shrimp in the po-boy; they were falling out all over the plate.  They have pho on Saturday's and it's very tasty too.  The owners are some of the nicest people you will ever meet.  I can't wait to go back and taste more.I live around the corner and when I feel like having a cheat meal, this is my goto place. The food is always fast, hot, and delicious. Haven't been disappointed yetI went to New Orleans over spring break to visit my friend who goes to Loyola, and this is the first place he took me to. I'd only had a real Po Boy once before when I came to Jazz Fest several years ago. Anyway, I got the Singleton's half and half, which has half fried shrimp and half fried oysters (picture posted). It was as good as any po boy I remembered, and maybe even better. They did not skimp on the meat; the guy making it for me was really nice and could tell I was from out of town, so he gave me one "big enough for lunch and dinner" according to him.
They had a nice selection of cold drinks too; the tall can of Arizona iced tea complemented my sandwich very well. Anyway, this is a friendly, family-run place that I will never forget. Oh, and they're closed on Sundays.
Disclaimer: as far as a mini-mart, Singleton's is pretty weak by my California standards; the stuff they had for sale looked pretty old, and lots of brands I'd never heard of. However, we did not come for the shopping, we came for the Po Boys.The food is amazing and the staffs here are 2nd to none. The Vietnamese food is truly authentic (like my moms cooking). The Korean pork sandwich was so good! I need to come here more often. I would recommend this place if you're with in 50 miles of New Orleans!Sometimes have Singleton's every week. Usually get the barbecue chicken poboy, which I love. One weird thing about it is that they use a different sauce every time. Sometimes it's spicy, sometimes sweet, sometimes smoky, sometimes tangy. I like that kind of surprise but for someone who wants a reliable repeat of last time, this may be upsetting. Their fried shrimp poboy is easily tied with Today's Cajun Seafood for most delicious I've ever had. Lightly breaded and fried, right amount of mayo and lettuce. They use the softer poboy bread and I've never had a loaf from them that was cold or old. 
I also love their Saturday dishes. Egg rolls are fire and the pork plate is a great lunch, though they do char the pork a bit if that is something you don't like.
Prices can't be beat unless you visit the Wank or hit up Gene's.Excellent food, i tried everything here from the shrimp poboys to the chicken buns.. damn its good. Excellent price also, great ppl there. Family store so you getting homemade recipe here. You wont be disappointed!!A Black Pearl staple, this mini mart is a lunch stop for uptown working guys and locals.  I love the Korean BBQ wrap, but the menu explores Vietnamese specialties like Pho and Vermicelli as well as New Orleans Poboys.  Daily plate specials range from Fried rice to ribs.  This is one of those places you can still get two meals on the cheap.  YUM!Co worker treated me to lunch. I'm not a really big fan of po boys but I can say I will be back! They have the best po boys I've tasted so far in New Orleans and it's right by my campus and college student prices not expensive at all! Great for lunch. Love the Shrimp Po BoyIf the world were perfect, every neighborhood would have a place like Singleton's Mini Mart. Located in the middle of a residential area, Singleton's is an homey family-run business that serves as a community hub.
As a mini mart, it has what you would expect - drinks, snacks, batteries and the like. But what makes it unique is that it's also a restaurant serving po-boys, burgers, Korean short ribs, chicken wings, etc... The menu is surprisingly extensive for a mini mart restaurant. 
There's a single long picnic table that allows you to dine in. Everyone has to share it so it's actually a neat way to meet other diners. 
On Saturdays this place serves Pho, Vietnamese noodle soup. The dish is authentic, as the owners are Vietnamese. The parents cook and the kids - four daughters and a son - serve the customers and work the register. The patriarch of the family is quite nice and is good at carrying on a conversation. The family lives right above the mini mart.
The day I was there, I saw the family interacting with a non-Vietnamese child, maybe 3 years old. When I asked whose kid it was, they explained that the kid always asked his parents to go to the mini mart so on weekends the kid's parents would drop him off at the mini mart to hang out with the owners. And the owners don't mind, they treat the kid as part of the family, feeding him, cleaning him, and teaching him. 
This is a really great community business, run by a really great family.My friends and I came because we heard they have the best po-boys in town. When my shrimp po-boy came out, I swear it was the best big thing I ever laid my lips on (insert pervert joke). But seriously, 5 STARS HANDS DOWN!!! 
LOVE LOVE THEIR PO-BOYS! They use to do crawfish but they said it was too tiring. They should bring it back because there aren't a lot of places that sell good crawfish around here or any as a matter of fact! 
Check this place out and you will love it!LOVE SINGLETONS!!! The family who owns it is so nice and make delicious food.  I love that Singletons is in the neighborhood!Great prices and good food! I got the fried chicken box with rice and could not believe it was only $4! It's not the best fried chicken I've ever tasted but I would definitely get it again if I'm craving quick fried chicken.
I also got the Korean poboy. It was delicious - uniquely flavored meat on very soft bread. My friend also really enjoyed it. 
There are tables but don't expect a nice sit down atmosphere. Rather, it's a place to grab a quick bite of good food!I just finished eating here, what makes this place stand out for me is some new things on the menu. They have Pho on Saturday's, and s light Vietnamese/Asian influenced selection through out the week.
Today I had the Korean BBQ pork po-boy, they dumped that spicy sauce with the rooster on it (sirachi?). It was geat. And it had no mayo, a plus in my book. 
They have your regular po-boy staples of course, plus cheese burgers, philly cheese steaks, grilled cheese. Most of it is fairly regular corner store fare, aside from the Korean BBQ Pork, Chinese Pork, and Springrolls. 
I would say if your in the uptown area worth a stop and some experimentation. Also keep getting there psudo-vietnamese stuff, maybe they will put more on the menu.Best pho I've had yet. Can't wait to come back and try the po boys and a beer. Cool vibe with it being family run too.They have good cheap po-boys and are a cute whole on the wall market/restaurant. The atmosphere is really chill and the people are really friendly. I'd definitely go back.Delish Vietnamese poboy! They have a great deli. The staff is always very helpful and nice. They even sold me a couple items from the kitchen so I didn't have to drive over to another grocery store.After I got back from Spain last summer, this is the first place I ate. 
I've eaten a lot of banh mis in this city, and Singleton's is still the best. Korean BBQ pork po-boy is also amazing, and they usually have homemade egg rolls. You don't really need to order anything else, but I've never been disappointed when going off my usual orders- even if I confused the mom of this 'mom and pop' business by ordering chicken fingers once. 
The best of the daily specials is the fried chicken with jambalaya fried rice. Also, as of recently they have orange dreamsicles and other ice cream bars for about 50 cents. And they have more Dolphins paraphernalia than the average Miami sports bar- not my team but whatever. Top notch establishment all around.Yay. Came based on the reviews. This little deli features good flavors and a LOT of charm from the owners and the lively clientele.. I had the Korean pork poboy. It was really nice.The Vietnamese Po-boy here is amazing and the people working there are very friendly and the price is right. Also, it is in a cool neighborhood in the riverbend. 
It is a mini-mart with a deli where they make those amazing po-boys. There is a long table with chairs where you can eat (kind of lunch counter style) and the French bread they use is the good, crunchy chewy kind. Highly recommended. I would say, go to the zoo in the morning, then have lunch here or get your Po-boy to-go and eat it in the park.Great po-boys.   My favorites are the cheeseburger, trout, and grilled chicken.  Although their staples of shrimp and catfish are pretty awesome.  They also have sould food, vietnamese food, and pho.    Best idea is to take the food to the fly afterwards, although they now have seating inside the shop.Singleton's has the best shrimp po-boy in New Orleans. I know, strong words, but I stand by them. 
I used to live around the corner and found myself popping in for a ginormous lunch more times than I'd like to admit. The shrimp is perfectly battered and fried fresh in front of you, and the bread is delicious. The family who runs the place is also super nice. This is one of my go-to NOLA spots.I'm a firm believer that New Orleans' best food comes from tiny mom and pop corner stores. When a Singleton's po-boy popped up on my Instagram feed one day, I knew I had to try them out.
The place itself is situated in Black Pearl, near the Zoo/University area of town but truly in the middle of a neighborhood (good sign). Parking was easy on the Saturday afternoon I visited, but I'm sure if Singleton's (or the neighborhood) gets packed, things might get tight. The place itself is set up like most corner stores, some dry goods in the front, kitchen in the back. Surprisingly though, they did actually have seating. 
I ordered the Philly cheesesteak po-boy and fried egg rolls. The food was made to order, but I didn't have to wait long. 
The po-boy was fresh and hot, it tasted great with good ratios of meat and cheese. The bread was also perfectly crunchy and not soft like some french bread can be. The quality of the meat itself was just okay, but it's what I expected from a corner store. The egg rolls were fantastic and had a unique taste that was unlike any other egg roll I'd had before. The cashier/owner/chef told me that Singleton's egg rolls are made in-house, frozen and then fried to order. In total, I spent less than $15 and was full for the rest of the day.
Overall, Singleton's is on par for the New Orleans conrer store course. I'll defintely be returning and I hope they expand their hours.I absolutely love this place. With all the Vietnamese options in New Orleans, from fancy to hole-in-the-wall, this one takes the prize as my favorite spot. Foodwise, I gotta give it to Ba Chi. But, taking into account food, service, friendliness, and variety on the menu, it does not get better than Singletons. 
Mini-mart or not, they serve some killer food. My favorite, and my friends favorites, is the shaken beef platter with a fried egg and french fries. They do not skimp on the food and I've never once left here hungry. The flavors literally burst in your mouth. A solid 4/5 for food. 
The owners, a mom and pop shop, are so sweet and friendly. Bo, the owner, is a huge Miami Dolphins fanatic and you notice it when you come here. Memorabilia, game always playing, and even a projector for football games proves his die hard interest pretty clearly. 
The mini-mart also has tons of alcohol and small snacks if you ever need anything! I just wish they were open on Sundays!YUM.  I work at the zoo and this is so close to us we frequently order lunch to be picked up here.  As soon as I read the description for the Singleton's Special I was sold.  Burgers on great quality french bread (or a bun) with onion rings, melted cheese, ranch dressing, etc.  The shrimp po boy is also good.  They make the food quickly and are prompt with bagging your order (they keep the fries in a warmer until you are there to pick the food up) for checkout.  Staff is friendly and it's a mini mart so it's easy to grab chips, a soda, or a pie to go with your delicious po boy.Best kept secret uptown! Great little family owned place!  I literally ate here every day while in law school.  Great po-boys and if you go on Saturday they have excellent Pho, vermicelli and shaking beef.  Also u can't beat the prices!The Miami Dolphins and Singletons for the win! Great po boys and Vietnamese food on Saturday's! Owners have given me butter and eggs when I was broke and out at an extreme discount!The best food and the friendliest people. Love Bo and Ms. Laura. The pho on Saturdays at the big communal table is the best.Awesome catfish... 
Shouldn't every review start with the first two words that come to mind?  This family-owned establishment is just blocks from my job and my home, so I have ample opportunity to go and buy some yummy eats.  
When you see the menu, you may be a little thrown... Yes, you'll see shrimp and catfish po' boys, you'll see turkey and roast beef sandwiches.  You'll also see a Korean pork wrap, pho on Saturdays, even good old banh mi and bun.  YUM.
The fish platter includes a generous helping of well-seasoned and fried (not greasy) catfish that comes to the counter PIPING HOT with two sides.  You can choose from french fries, fried rice, green salad, or potato salad.  There are other plates, but I can't get beyond this fish... all you need is some hot sauce, and you're set.
Saturdays, you can order a big bowl of pho, grilled meat with the vermicelli noodles (bun), or a yummy banh mi sandwich.  There's a big table for community noshing if you decide to eat in, and you can definitely have hot food if you take it to go.  
Plus, the convenience of your corner market is also in this place -- anything you might need.  If you want to pick up milk or some other snacks, you can do that too.  One stop shopping with a big plate of fried fish!I have eaten a lot of po boys but this one stands out to me. I came in here on a whim and I am so glad I did. The people were friendly and the MASSIVE po boy was made to order. The catfish was fried right there and the fixings were fresh and delicious! I definitely will come back to see what else Singleton's has to offer!Singleton's isn't your typical "convenience store" in the traditional sense. If you're familiar with a New York deli, it's more like that--a small grocery with limited stock and a counter restaurant in the back with some seating.
Products: As noted, a small stock of canned goods, soft drinks, alcohol, and snacks. There's nothing special or unique about that. There is a small selection of Viet food available hot in the back, such as banh mi, with pho` being available at a first-come, first-served basis on Saturday at opening. Not bad, overall, but not the best Viet cuisine I've ever had, either. 3 stars
Service: Counter service both for the grocery part and the hot food counter. All payments are done at the front counter, which can be a bit confusing. Fast, courteous service. 3 stars
Facilities: A typical corner store commercial establishment that was common in New Orleans 100 years ago, and still sometimes used for such as in this place. Nothing fancy. Inside is relatively clean. There's an old TV for those staying to eat here. Stool seating isn't terribly comfortable but not horrible, either. The owner is obviously a Dolphins fan, with all the memorabilia hanging inside (no, I'm not dropping the score any because of that--haha). 2 stars
Overall: The pho is decent, but not the end-all that I've heard about through the grapevine. The banh mi is pretty good too, but not great. This is a decent place to stop in for a bite around lunch if you're in the Riverbend. 3 stars"It looks super sketchy."
That's the initial thought I had when I went to Singleton's.  However, my entire viewpoint was changed when I went inside and was greeted by the friendliest owner ever!  The owner ushered me in and directed me over to the daily specials which looked and smelled heavenly.  Everything is fresh and made in house.  You can get a variety of cuisine at Singleton's from Shrimp Po-Boys to hand-rolled, homemade egg-rolls. 
I got the Korean BBQ Pork Po-boy.  The bread, which either makes or ruins a po-boy, in my opinion, is soft and flaky.  A perfect vessel for marinated pork, pickled cucumber, carrots, and cilantro.  The sauce on this sandwich is spicy but super flavorful.  I couldn't eat all my sandwich at once so I saved half for later.  Popped it in the oven for a couple of minutes later that night and I swear it was even better than before. 
Give Singleton's a chance!  Don't be deterred by the outside, it's a hidden gem of the neighborhood.Epitome of a hole in the wall spot. Singleton's consistently dumps the most amazing food into your mouth. You really cannot judge a book by its cover because although this place looks like a shack from the outside, the food is absolutely amazing. The Korean pork that Chef Bo cooks up is one of the best I've ever tried. Highly recommend the Pork Sliders.I didn't expect it, but this may well be the best po-boy shop I've been to in the city. Everything on the menu is delicious, prices are reasonable, and if you're feeling adventurous there's plenty on the menu to indulge in (livers, gizzards, etc). The atmosphere is extremely comfortable, the staff is friendly, and the shrine to the Miami Dolphins is a nice touch.Where is the best place in New Orleans to get a Vietnamese po boy? Yes, that's right: Singleton's Mini Mart. 
I have absolutely no complaints; ever since I left New Orleans I've been craving this same sandwich. 
Come here to get an authentic tasting sandwich for an amazing price. Be prepared to get full afterwards, but you can always walk around the neighborhood. The market is located away from many of the typical tourist destinations in the city. My friends and I were delighted to discover this quieter part of the New Orleans.Epitome of a hole in the wall spot. Singleton's consistently dumps the most amazing food into your mouth. You really cannot judge a book by its cover because although this place looks like a dumb from the outside, the food is absolutely amazing. The Korean pork that Chef Bo cooks up is the best I've ever had. Highly recommend the Pork Sliders.Best pho ever! I'm in from out of town, with a killer headache. How do I cure it? Saturday morning pho from Singleton's. Incredible! Authentic. Deep flavor in the broth, fresh ingredients, and that little special something! I will be back!Delicious Po'boy/banh mi for under $7.  The meat was so juicy I made a huge mess from all of the drippings. I was unfortunately recommended the BBQ pork Po'boy after I had ordered the traditional one, so I'll have to try that next time. My only complaint was it had very little veg/cilantro on it and I could've used a little more chili or spice.  Definitely worth a trip if you're close-- I'll be back on a Saturday for some Pho and that bbq pork!This place is slightly hidden in the uptown area.  It's a fantastic place great for individual meals or family dine in's.  The food is great and the atmosphere rivals the food.  Our family loves going there on Saturdays when they offer pho.4.5 out of 5.  The po boys are made with quality bread and they are well worth their price.  The korean bbq po boy I had today was tasty. I am currently making my way through the rest of the items so I can chime in on them at a later date. I am a big fan of there Vietnamese food on Saturday, I get it as often as I can.  Overall, the place is a great value and you feel good about helping the family who owns the place. 
It is quite limited on the mini mart items, but I get soda, beer, bread, milk, and condiments there when I run out.We got a couple of tubs of pho and a po boy, grabbed some adult beverages, and had a picnic on the Mississippi River. The food was perfect, delicious, and packed to go. Sorry to see the business is for sale. I hope new owners are as talented and conscientious as these folks. Loved the freshness and quality of the pho and shrimp po boy, both fully dressed!Not great as far as mini-marts go but the food in the back is excellent. I love the homey atmosphere and the kitschy shrine to the Miami dolphins put up by the owner Bo who is a huge fan.
The service is friendly as the place is run by a family. 
The po-boys are great, but the real secret is to come here on Saturdays.
They have excellent pho and other Vietnamese specialties, all priced under ten dollars. It's absolutely worth a trip and you'll get a great meal. I get the pho every Saturday and it is consistently delicious and home-cooked by Bo's wife.
Plus you can grab a beer out of the fridge and have a drink with your lunch. All in all it's a great experience every time.
There's just one big table in the back and everyone sits together. It's a homey atmosphere and I just love coming here. It's become a tradition for me over the past couple of months.
Always worth a trip if you're near the uptown triangle on a saturday.Local convenience/corner store.... amazing po boys. Tried both the Korean BBQ and the surf n turf (shrimp and philly cheese steak). Both absolutely great, some of the best I've ever had. Reasonable prices. Kitchen in the back with two long tables for sitting/waiting purposes. Some snacks/drinks available as well. Great, talkative owners. I'll be back.Friendliest family and neighborhood folks in a casual corner store atmosphere.  Miami Dolphins fans! Food is made to order and all good. Saturday's offer a more Vietnamese/pho menu and etc. Yum!New Orleans has the best local hole in a wall spots. Bo is the most chrasmatic die hard miami dolphins fan I've ever met and his wife laura is lovely. Awesome gumbo that's reasonable. PO Boys are awesome.  Surf n Turf! Korean BBQ PORK, so good!!! The Pho on Saturdays is a must! If your ever in New Orleans go off the beaten path and visit this spot u won't regret it.This is a convenience store with a little restaurant in the back along with being the Miami Dolphins Football Team fan headquarters for New Orleans.  They also have some of the best pho broth I've ever had and make some good po boys.  Saturday is their big pho day so that's when I suggest heading here to sample some of that fantastic soup.The food was so good, the portions are huge and I'm absolutely in love with the place!A great local hub! Mr. Bo and Ms. Laura have really had a huge positive impact on this neighborhood. They are friendly, helpful, and welcoming. It's family-owned, so you see (and know, if you live in the neighborhood) everyone who works there. A+ atmosphere.
As far as food goes...I love me some philly steak on french. I always buy it thinking I'll save half for lunch tomorrow, but 10 minutes later it is all up in my belly. Korean BBQ Pork and Shrimp po boys are also delicious; previous statement about being all up in my belly applies. PLUS, as other reviews have stated, the real treat is to come in on Saturdays for Vietnamese specialties. There is nothing quite like a steaming hot bowl of pho on a rainy (and possibly hungover) Saturday morning. I now crave the stuff every "morning after." 
So, great atmosphere, great food, that just leaves...great prices! Very reasonable on beer/other alcoholic drinks. They also carry all the general household supplies you never know you're running out of until OH NO I HAVE NO TOILET PAPER AND I NEED SOME RIGHT NOW, plus basic cooking fixins' for when the mood strikes.
Only thing I'd watch out for is that the kitchen closes at 5:30 on weekdays. You can call ahead though and order.BEST VERMICELLI IN NOLA! One catch though-they only make it on Saturday's!! I love singletons and my family has been coming here for a long time. The sweetest lady owns the place and she always remembers us, and today when I came in she was even telling me her recipe for fish sauce and told me that next time she'll make me a whole bottle. The stuff is good with everything!! No but seriously at every Vietnamese restaurant I go to and get vermicelli I'm always left with leftover noodles. But at Singletons I finish it ALL not only because the fish sauce is so flavorful but because they also put LOTS of pork. And for only $6.99!!Overall-wonderful people and delicious and affordable vermicelli. We always get ours to-go and it's definitely a hole in the wall place but those places are almost always the best and authentic. Their menu has lots of other options that I can't wait to try, and is also a great convenience store so shop local!!Tasty sandwiches and Vietnamese food on the weekend!  Been coming here for years, and always had a good meal.  The proprietors are super nice, and they have tables inside for snacking right thereSingleton's is located near my office and it's my go to place for a lunch break.  I've tried most of their menu and liked everything.  One of my favorites are their philly steak sandwich.  They have really good rice and vermicelli dishes as well.  The pho on Saturday is delicious as well.  They also have delicious specials such a fried catfish, grilled pork chops, and red beans and rice.  Their portions are generous and price is right too.  The owners are the nicest people.  Once they get to know you, they treat you like family.  Highly recommend!We had oyster po boys with nearly invisible oysters in a lot of delicious crust. Next time I'll order something that gets good reviews because I love hole in the wall places and want to go back. 
If anyone knows where to get a good oyster po boy I'd love to hear about it.I adore this place.  The family that owns it are the nicest people, and their Korean BBQ pork sandwich is heaven. The portions are generous and so are the prices. The male owner that's always cooking is so passionate about his store and he has a smile that will brighten up anyone's bad day. What a hidden gem this place is!This has been a neighborhood favorite since we moved into the area 10 years ago.  We are regulars, and they never disappoint!  My son loves the shrimp poboys, my wife loves their Vietnamese menu (so do I), and I love the burgers.  The owners are super nice and love to talk about their family - and they welcome everyone else like family, too!  This is a wonderful corner store that really is a special part of the Black Pearl neighborhood.Shaken beef is the best hangover cure in the world. All the Vietnamese specials are delicious. Great po boys as well - you have to get it dressed Vietnamese style.I was skeptical at first because on its face this place looks sketchy. BOY was I wrong! The food is excellent. The owners are the sweetest people you will ever meet and their Pho is amazing! They only have Pho on Saturday's and they usually sell out by noon. Definitely a great place to grab lunch for the great quality of food and not so much the luxury.everything is great!!!! come try us out i promise you wnt be disappointed come try our pho on saturday best pho in new orleans very good po boys alot of meat and shrimps!!!!Thank goodness this gem in the Black Pearl, Singleton's has reopened. I had an amazing order of their Vietnamese chicken sliders. loaded with chicken, pickled carrots, and jalapenos. I paid $10 bucks for 4 sliders and a drink and walked away with change. The portion size could have easily fed 2 people, but not in the mood to share I managed to devour them all solo. Can't wait till Saturday for their authentic Pho. So glad to see Bo and Laura back at it with their easy smiles and awesome hospitality!Oh what joy, Singleton's is back. Had dat Hot Sausage. You know it. Bau has the best hot sausage.This is one those hidden neighborhood spots that's tucked away in a residential area. You either have to had gotten a recommendation or come by a review. Its a great take-out spot for lunch. My favorite is their Vietnamese po-boy or their lunch special. Portions are generous. It's super busy during the lunch rush hour, so call ahead or plan to wait. Food is prepared to order so it'll be super fresh!!!If I can sum Singletons up in one word it would be amazing. Food is amazing. Service is amazing. Prices are amazing. Owners are amazing. If you are looking for amazing quality food then look no further then Singletons.I got the pork vermicelli salad, and it was awesome! It comes with chunky strips of pork, noodles, pickled carrots, lettuce, cucumber, and some cilantro on top. (If you don't like cilantro, it's really easy to take off.) It also came with a side of fish sauce and a satisfying amount of pork egg roll.I'm not one to eat at a convenience store. Growing up with my family owning groceries stores and eating there have me never wanting to purchase any food that is not from a restaurant. Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong eating at a convenient store but when you at a young age working and eating there for so long, you tend to get sick of it. I was at the Zoo and didn't want anything they offered so while letting the kids eat, I used Yelp to find  something close by. This place really got some good reviews and I'm a sucker for Korean food so I decided to take a 5 min drive away and check it out. This place is not your typical convenience store. They also sell milk, drinks, wines and things a typical corner store would sell.  There is also an  open kitchen. They serve hot plates , poboys , wraps, sliders, chicken wings, Korean and Vietnamese. They only serve Pho on Saturday. I order some fried rice which I don't care for because it doesn't taste like fried rice, more like jambalaya or something else. I ordered the seafood platter but was inform   they don't have oysters so I substitute the oyster for extra fish. I was glad I got extra fish. It was fried and seasoned perfectly. The shrimp was ok. I also ordered the Korean pork wrap which is my favorite. It was a fairly good amount for the price I paid and so yummy. The jalapeno and the sauce that came with the wrap was delish! I also got the Korean BBQ Pork Poboy, a Vietnamese Banh Mi style. It was also delicious but I'm not really a big fan of Poboy so I rather prefer the wrap. So glad I took a chance and try them out.Yall come check out singleton mini market they have best po boys very nice business owners real clean ppl they just open bck up so.yall dnt mess out on this food prices are reasonable they are very loveable vietnamese ppl!!!It is rare for yelp to steer me wrong. My boyfriend and I were on our way to the zoo and I picked the highest ranking place in the immediate area that served sandwiches for lunch. This is merely a convenience store selling 40s and snacks with hot meals and sandwiches being cooked in the back. There is one long table for eating. At lunchtime it is filled with construction workers.
The special was pasta and the ingredients must have come from a can. It was anything but special and tasted like spaghettio's from a can. The roll that came with wasn't soft and seemed a bit stale.
I live in a largely vietnemese neighborhood in Philadelphia and regularly eat delicious authentic Vietnemese hoagies. This was anything but authentic. The vietnemese sandwich was smothered with mayo and the roll was not toasted. The sandwich had a ton of meat but the sandwich itself grossed me out and I gave it to my boyfriend. The cook also did not wear gloves which I tried to not think about while we were waiting for our food.
Other than being quick, I don't see the draw to this place.Are you hungry for a shrimp Po Boy that has so much shrimp that you can't pick it up without losing some on your napkin? That is Singleton's. 
Situated in the Black Pearl and adjacent to the USACE Castle, this place epitomizes NOLA corner store goodness. 
Ordered the shrimp Po Boy dressed today and couldn't wait to get back to the castle to eat it. The bread was warm and soft, but still sturdy like French bread should be and it was packed to the gills with friend shrimp that was perfectly breaded/fried/seasoned and overflowing from the bread. Prices are reasonable and the food is amazing. There is a reason that they won BEST CORNER STORE in NOLA, they are the bomb.
The owner/operators are fun and friendly and always happy to bad mouth Tom Brady while talking up the Miami Dolphins. I've heard they a bomb Korean Po Boy, I'll try that next time.If you find yourself in New Orleans on a Saturday and can make it to the Uptown area for lunch, find this place. They serve the best prepared and most delicious Vietnamese meals I've had in the last 25 years since I first started trying and loving this cuisine. Sadly, they only make the dishes on Saturday but it is indeed a special effort on their part and worthy of praise. The pho, the vermicelli dishes, the rice dishes, fresh and fried rolls and sandwiches are all made with quality ingredients and well prepared and delicious. The owners are very hospitable and friendly. The value is light on the coin purse too. 
Every other day of the week they serve equally good poboys that are worth another visit. They are stuffed full of a variety of delicious offerings and inexpensive. I wish all mini marts were like this one.