One star at best. This place is seriously tired and run down. We had breakfast there this morning. We would agree with the reviewer who commented that her food had no taste - or at any rate everything was on the bland side. I had the Guatemalan -- black beans, eggs, avocado and a tortilla; my husband had a chili cheese omelet. Service was not terrible but our server wasn't very interested, and didn't come back to ask how we were doing. The free newspapers near the door were scattered all around the racks and the floors and booths do not show that anyone cares how they look. Very odd ladies' restroom -- two toilets in the room but no stall dividers. We will not be back.Blues salad rocks.... Good portion and super tasty.  Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Can't wait to try the other items on the menu.Ate here for the first time, last Tuesday morning.
Great breakfast menu at very reasonable prices(cash only).
Nice homey feeling place, lot of trash talking going on between the cooks and regular customers at the counter(open kitchen). Old school looking diner with lots of  character. Friendly waitstaff and good food.Cute little breakfast place, with a few good gluten-free options. I chose this place because online the menu stated that they had gluten-free waffles. However when we got there we learned that the kitchen has cross contamination issues. I ordered an omelette which was fantastic and my father ordered a unique dish of mole tamales. I appreciated the honesty that the servers had with my gluten allergy.My measure for a good breakfast place is whether or not they can get eggs cooked over medium right...
Believe it or not, some place have difficulties with that.
So I ordered my standard stuff (to include eggs over medium) and wham bam - got it right.
We had really good service, everyone was really friendly in there.
The hash browns were just ayight, a little over-cooked / too crispy, and typically I prefer home fries...
Although I prefer Coulis, this is a good breakfast spot as well.We went to Slim Goodies for an early breakfast on our first morning of our most recent trip. Since we were early there was no line and plenty of seats. I had the Creole Slammer (eggs smothered in crawfish etouffee over hash browns) and my wife had the Guatemalan breakfast, our son had the chocolate chip pancake with a side of bacon and fruit. We devoured everything. Service was great...I just wish they served drinks!Best diner in the city. Definitely try the Orleans Slammer...and have an appetite when you do! However, pancakes are a little on the crispy side.They have great veggie options but I opted for the B.E.C. which was perfect over-easy! Marvelous playlist and, in true NOLA style, no one hovered but everyone made sure the food and drink kept coming. They only accept cash, which matches the vibe there and, with shopping options at the surrounding stores on Magazine Street, ATMs are close! This is a great place to stop in for a bite, beverage, or wifi to take a working break!GET "THE CRABBY WIFE" 
I live in the neighborhood and this is one of the best places to grab a plate of delicious breakfast/comfort food. They have gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan options as well for a food diverse party. 
I love Slim Goodies!This place is a solid diner and has some great options. The heavenly waffles (pecan waffles with strawberries on top and whipped cream) have been a major craving throughout my pregnancy and are just amazing. There are also a lot of great vegetarian options which makes me quite happy as well.
Cash only! Can be a wait on the weekends.Slim Goodies is a diner with personality.  Lots of locals stop in and for good reason; the menu has tons of breakfast options with attentive service.  I recently met a friend here for breakfast and we thoroughly enjoyed the Popeye Slammer and Sweet Potato Pancakes.  Both were delicious and filling.  Our waitress had a laid back attitude, but was very attentive.  She confirmed that we made great selections and quickly returned with our order and kept my coffee cup full. 
The price point is very inexpensive, but they only accept cash, which made me feel like a high school pooling money together, once it came time to pay the bill.  It's easy to get in and out, but easily the kind of place you can linger around and read the paper or have a long conversation.  I can't wait to go back!
This place has such a good vibe and lots more seating than you would think.  I love the Polariod shots on the wall of family, friends and neighbors who frequent this place.  Check it out and good luck narrowing down the selection.I would be lying if I didn't say the food was good. There is no doubt about that. 
However, the customer service was like something out of a horror film. The woman running the place ruined our whole experience. From the moment we walked in she was rude to everyone in our party.
I have worked in the service industry all my life. The reason I chose to write this review is because I believe you are doing a disservice to the company if you don't let them know when something like this happens. I know just as well as anyone else that people sometimes have bad days or even weeks but there was no excuse for this kind of behavior. I have never seen anything like it. 
Give it a try if you want but I certainly will not be going back.Great breakfast. Many good options. It also had a lot of things available for vegetarians. Good atmosphere with a friendly staff.This place is pretty good. I'm more of a Surrey's guy myself but Slim Goodies takes a solid third place behind Couli's.  you can't really go wrong here but sometimes they close early which I got NO LOVE FOR EARLY CLOSERS. I'm talking 30 minutes early.  Stick to the hours on your website. Now I'm 20 minutes from any other breakfast joints which will be closing on time but I'm not the guy who walks in 10 minutes to close on a kitchen. Anyway they stole my breakfast sandwich opportunity and they were not nice about it. Weak.This is definitely the place I love hitting up while in the city because it's pretty cheap and also what i order is pretty fatty and tasty.  No complaints except for the wait on the weekends..First, to definitively fix some misinformation in other reviews: it is clean. It is as clean as any restaurant I've been in.
 The staff is friendly and attentive. The art on the walls is great. It shares a little of the style and attitude of Hell's Kitchen in Minneapolis.
The food is solid good. I had Jewish Coonass, which is eggs on potato pancakes (_not_ latkes) with grilled spinach under shrimp étouffée. Herself had the Napoleon Benedict. Again, good but not transcendent.
They cold-brew, but sadly not decaf, but hot decaf over crushed ice was fantastic.
Go expecting terrestrial quality and enjoyLet me start of by saying I'd rather go to ihop!
Why?
Rude wait staff and overpriced mediocre food. 
Once we got to our table the "owner" tossed our menus on the table in front of us, and didn't say a word. RUDE!!! Despite this, my wife and I ordered a waffle, an omelet and two chocolate milks. When we received our food it was bad, burnt bacon, dull veggies, no cheese. The waffle was flat and dry and not the big fluffy golden brown waffle you would imagine or hope to see on your plate. 
The bill was 20 bucks, and definitely not well spent.After walking two miles in torrential rain to this place, I was skeptical if Slim Goodies would be worth my misery. 
It was hard to spot and I think I was disappointed it didn't look more inviting, hit oept an open mind. The place looked cool and comfortable inside.
I was served coffee, and to my dismay, the creamer was bad. It made me grumpy, but thought to ask for fresh coffee after we ordered. But it was the first thing our waiter noticed, and immediately got us fresh coffee, a cup of milk, and took the offending cream from the tables (our group took up two tables). 
The coffee was amaze (sans cream) and the menu all sounded fantastic. It's definitely more than your average diner. We paid $9 for a waffle, and $16 for a modestly sized Cajun egg and potatoes plate. BUT IT WAS SO GOOD. 
The pecans in the waffles had great flavor, and the waffle itself was a perfect balance of crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.
The egg plate was AMAZING (Called the Jewish Coonass) and was definitely unique to the area. I ate more than I meant to, even with relatively modest plate sizes.
I would definitely recommend it and would return again, perhaps on a warm, dry day. But it definitely beat away the rainy day blues.I love the burgers here.  Diner style burgers.  Haven't even tried the breakfast here because of the burgers.  I just add an egg to my burger.  There ya go.  Service is good.Came here the morning after Halloween. Needless to say we expected it to be slammed and prepared ourselves for an long wait and slow service but we're pleasantly surprised! We were sat in about 15 minutes and had food on our table in another 10. Our waitress was very attentive, our coffee cups were never empty and we got our bill given and taken care of quickly. The food was also very good! Serving sizes are large and a great value! I ordered the Sinkhole omelet and enjoyed it.Always enjoy slim goodies! Once ran into Will Farrell here. Great hash browns. Stacked pancakes be STACKED! never finished themI recently moved to Louisiana. I had got tired of eating the same thing for breakfast everyday, so I said I'll order some food. I ordered the Doc Horn Combo from Slim Goodies with chocolate chip pancakes, sausage, and eggs through Uber Eats. When I received the food, it was extremely cold and had no taste. Not only that the pancakes were thrown on top of the eggs so the eggs were soggy. But it doesn't stop there! I went to cut a second piece of the pancake, and there was a long strand of hair inside of it. I didn't even look for anything else, I was done after that.
I will say that the manager I spoke with over the phone was very nice and helpful, and he sincerely apologized. I did call Uber Eats to get a refund, which I will be receiving.I don't know why I don't go here more often, seeing as I live just a few blocks away. Perhaps the most artfully "grunge-hipster, we really ought to be in Austin or Portland" diner in New Orleans, Slim Goodies' main mission is to feed you well. Not only are there both classic and outre' variations on egg dishes galore, but the list of sandwiches, burgers and pancakes will assure that if you walk in with your hippy cousin, matronly mom and punk rock brother. all will leave fat & happy. They even have fake bacon so we non-meat eaters can have a salty strip (I admit, not nearly as tasty as the real thing) with out pancake or omelette. A great jukebox and super cool and friendly waitstaff complete the magical atmosphere.Jewish coonass was one of the best breakfast items on the menu. Friend got the deal with plantains and beans and that too was excellent. Bring your own champagne for mimosas though, as there's no license for that here.I loved this place. Probably the best breakfast/brunch I had in my two week trip to the USA. Went for one of the veggie plates - two eggs on hash browns with spinach and loads of veggies - plus cheese. Can't remember the name of it on the menu but it was just fantastic. The sort of meal you just want to eat again right away. Plus, as a tourist, you really do get that whole 'classic diner' vibe...Great place! Combination old school diner and cool trendy place. I had heard about the Southern Slam and wanted to check it out. Was not disappointed. Very tasty and creative too. Will be back next time I'm in New Orleans.It is obvious after digging into this yelp page that the only reason people continue to patronize this restaurant is because it is paying yelp for premium services which include HIDING THE PLETHORA OF TERRIBLE REVIEWS (over 30) in the "not recommended" section... dozens and dozens of credible yelpers giving honest opinions being pushed to the back pages so a business that should be closed can continue to operate and steal money from unsuspecting tourists (not that I'm a fan of tourists) and locals trying unsuccessfully to continue to give this place a chance. Just a word to  the wise... if you have 30 something reviews that aren't recommended, it's not the reviews that constitute the problem , IT'S THE ESTABLISHMENT. This is why i really don't even trust yelp anymore at all. 
I have ordered here approximately 5-10 times in the last couple years, mostly from Uber eats but in person as well. It has never been good and i don't know why i have yet to learn my lesson. After today, however, I'm actually done and i feel the need to warn others because this place should be nowhere near as popular as it is. It's diner food that tastes like diner food but there is literally ALWAYS something wrong with the order, something improperly cooked, or something missing from the order. This time the wrongness came in the form of a COMPLETELY RAW HAMBURGER that cost $11.50.
Potential customers please see the photo, but Slim if y'all are allowing that garbage to come out of your kitchen you obviously have no quality control whatsoever, let alone a meat thermometer, and certainly don't deserve 3.5 stars or honestly even to be open. I will not be patronizing this establishment ever again and i hope you, my fellow yelpers, won't either.Service was so amazing and some of the kindest people!! We came with a group of about 20 and they put us on the back porch which was absolutely gorgeous. We only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated and they even took a group picture of us to put on the wall. Great experience!!First- this place is AMAZING
Second- BRADY & IKE are my Hero's!!! They were so personable and extremely sincere. Best staff and best food. 
Luther is one hell of a cook! The food he prepared for us was on point! AND we got the best seat on the houseI loved this place! A good amount of seats and an interesting cross-section of people eating. I grabbed brunch today and there seemed to be a lot of Cross Fit devotees, neighborhood residents, and tourist shoppers mixed together.
The food is perfect. I was in a simple mood and opted for pancakes, bacon, and eggs which came quickly and prepared exactly as I requested. Just what the doctor ordered after a touristy week of random deep fried foods. The menu is descriptive and fun without being obsessed with its own cleverness.
The service is FANTASTIC. It was a little busy but I didn't feel pushed out and I was checked in with frequently by the wait staff. I did have to giggle a bit when I stopped in the restroom - the ladies room has two toilets for some reason, but it's just another splash of whimsy.We were recommend this diner by our rental car attended. Boy it was worth the drive! The staff is sooo nice and welcoming and the food and drinks did them justice. We also met the owner Debbie and she was awesome to say the least. She told us where to get crawfish and things to do in the area. If you're in the area of New orleans this place is a must!I visited here a few years back after reading great reviews for it here. It was a Sunday and me and 5 of my friends came here for my b-day breakfast. Yes we did wait an 1hr 30 mins to be seated but it was WELL worth it. The waitress was awesome super friendly, a little slow service but hey it was packed. I would definitely come back because of the diner feel and the kick ass food. Plus I got an awesome free t-shirt!!Heaven Waffle and Bon Ton crawfish omlette was et.
Such deliciousness. So breakfast. Wow.This was for a long while my regular spot after a night out of drinking. Not sure why I haven't been there in awhile but it was always excellent. The staff is friendly and quirky in a very New Orleans-esq way. I can't complain about fluffy eggs and crispy bacon.Dive is the right word! The food is greasy and the service is horrindous! I waited 40 minutes on my order before I gave up and left! That is after I got up to get my own menu and stopped someone to finally take my order. Plus they have 2 critical health code violations as of March 2013. Which can be found online so it is factual this place is dirty. The hipster service staff actually view their customers as bother. You can try if you like but you have been warned.
Health inspection 
http://inspections.eatsafe.la.gov/Reports/36-0039068_2013-3-28_628228_Web%20Report.pdfYou know, I blame myself.  I should have realized what I was getting into by the look of the place.  I thought, "Funky Diner, a little dirty, could be a secret gem???"  Not even close. This was the most overpriced, weak breakfast I've ever had.  I could have forgiven the food quality, had the prices been comparable.  You're better off eating a gas station breakfast.  Our check was $27 dollars for one veg. dish and some ala carte items. 3 bucks for a minuscule glass of OJ, 2.50 for two non existent pieces of bacon, and don't get me started on the sorry excuse for toast. And then, THEY DON'T ACCEPT CARDS!  Cash only. The only bright spot was our server, who was very nice and helpful.Delicious...the beans have a je ne sais pas to them but they made the New Orleans whatchamacallit.Do you want pancakes for breakfast? Best pancakes in town right here!
I highly recommend the sweet potato and / or banana pancakes!Pretty good breakfast diner. The Polaroids on the wall are pretty retro. Great service and attitude from all personnel. I had the Americana omelette (can't screw it up). Not bad.I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT. I have been eating here since I was a kid. An Orleans slammer is the best cure for a hangover. However; I have a complaint that I want to be seen. Yesterday(Sunday) my friend an I drove from Metairie to eat brunch at Slims. The website said they would be open until 3. When we walked into the restaurant at 2pm we were awkwardly stared at by one of the staff members and told "oh, we're closing. Because we're slow." The cooks were still cooking, and people were still eating. My friend and I drove all the way from METAIRIE. I shouldn't HAVE to call a restaurant to see if they'll still be open an hour before they close. If that's the case, don't advertise hours online. Completely unprofessional. But shout out to Katie's for being open the same hours and sitting us at 2:30 while they close at 3!Awesome place! Very laid back but good food! Cash only!!!! I had the Americano omelet which is huge! It comes with a home made biscuit that's perfect.  I also got a side of grits! Needed a little salt but other wise perfection! Nice people and good food I will be back!I don't understand why people wait to eat here. The service was sub par, as was the food. My over-easy eggs were WAY over-cooked, as was the bacon. Our server told us the bacon is made ahead of time and sits under heat lamps. It tasted like it. I had coffee that was only refilled if I managed to see and flag our server. He also brought back our change by rounding the bill up to the nearest dollar amount. On a brighter note, the music was good, but we won't be back.I dont know if this is a New Orleans thing that I am just not aware of but this place is unsanitary.
We sat at the bar area right in front of the cooks.
I saw the main cook pick food off of plates before they went out to the customers; i saw him make a burger out of raw ground beef and (without washing his hands) continue to touch peoples food including my own.  Finally, I saw the cook use a dirty rag to clean uncooked meat juices and then use the same rag to wipe off a plate before he used it to make someones food.
Maybe this is a NOLA thing that I am just ignorant to but being a scientist.....it absolutely disgusted me ESPECIALLY THE RAW MEAT PART.waited outside in the rainy drizzle for 15 mins to be seated but once we sat down and read the menu it seemed to make the wait worth while.
the slammers are oh so greasy and good! breakfast is my favorite meal and i wish i lived in nola so i could eat here more often!!Slim Goodies was the best breakfast we had in New Orleans hands down. We sat out on the lovely patio. Our server was very personable. There were options for every kind of eater, from vegan options to waffles. Good coffee , too.OMG!!!!!! This place was soooo totally AWESOME. We completely cleaned our plates!!!! And the priced were RIGHT!!! We ordered goat cheese grits, Creole Slammer and Les Bons Temps everything was GREAT!!!! Our waitress Iris was very attentive and welcoming. Great place to go.Couldn't ask for a better taste of Neworleans Breakfast! Check out my review on my travel blog - Paul The Wanderer www.worryfreetravels.com/north-america/how-we-vacationed-to-new-orleans-on-a-budget/Food is decent enough, though by no means extraordinary, but service is truly awful, even on a Wednesday for lunch with the restaurant not even a quarter full. Waited an hour for some $10 eggs. Overpriced and not worth the bother, especially if you have to wait. The tourists who seem to flock here can keep this one.If a 50s dinner matted with a hippie commune, it would be called Slim Goodies.  The first thing I noticed when coming in here is how friendly and talkative the staff are; they really made me feel welcomed. When the atmosphere is relaxed and the cooks are happy, you know you are going to get a really good meal! 
I'm a breakfast guy and I love the tex-mex scrambler I ordered - eggs, hash browns, home-made chili, cheese...if you are looking for fuel for your belly in the morning, this is it!Wish I would've chosen somewhere else for brunch in all honesty. I ordered a BLT and the bread was rock hard. I've had a better BLT from a hospital cafeteria.I've tried them twice and it will not be a third time. I mean where is the seasoning?! I had the rePOP platter and it lacked everything breakfast is supposed to taste like.Awesome new Orleansy diner.  I always get the huevos rancheros.The food was great, as it should be.
It was raining so hard and wind blowing so much that the front door was blowing open on its own. That said, some water, some kind of way, got into the kitchen area. My waitress had died red hair, she started bitching about the water on the floor telling the supervisor all kinds of crap including how she "will sue your ass" if she fell do to the water. The supervisor said that young people freak out too easily and stuff like that until the cook jumped in and told the supervisor that he needs to watch what/ how he talks to the waitress. The two of them were so overwhelmed with bitching about the water that part of my order was forgotten about. 
The waitress spent the entire time texting on her phone or talking ot someone about the water crisis. The cook even made comments like "Welcome to Slim Goodies we have a flooded kitchen" and stuff like that.
I am respectful of everyones job, but honestly, youre a friggin waitress/cook at a diner, if you don't like your work conditions, leave.
No one cares. As a customer, I just want my eggs, maybe a pancake, and a "thanks for coming" all the staff drama needs to stay behind closed doors.I'm still trying to erase out of my mind how awful the breakfast was I ate here three weeks ago. Just absolutely terrible. Great service but badddddd food. Avoid this place like the plague.What a great neighborhood find.  This is a funky diner with outstanding breakfast.  I has the Jewish Coonass.  It was scrambled eggs over spinach and latkes ( great) with crawfish étouffée on top.  Also tried the sweet potato pancake which was very tasty and unique.Vegetarian fake bacon cheeseburger.  With avocado.  Amazing.  This, I kid you not, changed my life.  (One could argue I led a sheltered life...) Thank you once more to the co-workers who introduced me to this place years ago. I shall be forever grateful to them for bringing Slim Goodies into my world.  
Lunch here is spectacular, of course, but Slim Goodies is also an excellent place for hangover breakfasts.  Just be prepared to wait a while if you're there on the weekend.  (This may be true on weekdays, as well, but I haven't experienced it firsthand.  I've never had to wait long at lunchtime.)
Their hours are fairly limited, and it's not a huge place, so it definitely gets crowded.  Again, expect to wait for a table.  And expect it to be more than worth the wait.  To distract yourself from the hunger pangs, you can window shop on Magazine Street, or play in traffic, depending on the severity of your hangover/level of still-drunkenness.  
Even when it's packed, they're pretty efficient, so you're likely to get a table within a reasonable amount of time.  (Though 15-20 minutes feels like an eternity when you're starving and still somewhat drunk from the night before.  Even worse when your hangover's had time to catch up with you.)
They do close early so don't attempt to go there for dinner (lesson learned  the hard way). Also, this *may* have changed, but as I recall they're cash-only, so hit up an ATM on your way there.  The cash only thing is my one complaint about Slim Goodies, but they're so awesome I really don't care that much.Cash only - remember that.  I eat breakfast here once a month with a group of friends. Service is always good & the breakfasts are too.A quaint breakfast spot on Magazine Street that if you blinked, you would miss it... but that's not a negative at all. The cozy corner has some of the best breakfast goodies around (get it, goodies??). The pancakes were like edible frisbees of sweet, yummy goodness. They had that homemade, "mom worked her a** off to make these" taste. I also had an omelette that was quite tasty. The staff was friendly, particularly the cooks, who went into this organized chants of orgasmic moans, (that sounded more like men who were  simultaneously kicked in the groin) whenever an attractive woman walked through the door. It was hilarious.A great diner with even greater food.  All the food is unique and extremely tasty.  Watch out for long lines though.The food wasn't necessarily epic (still good though), but the waitress was awesome, watching the cook was fun, and the atmosphere was great... Locals coming in with friends, regulars meeting there for breakfast, people laughing and enjoying themselves.This used to be one of my favorite spots for unpretentious, laid-back breakfast with great service. Not no more! I could already feel a level of decline a few months back but today's experience was ridiculous. The food was alright but for a $14.50 omelette(Greek+add ham) it'd better be! I'm the easiest customer, just make sure I have silverware and my food... 0 for 2!! And, please don't make me feel like you're doing me a favor! Our server, Mike looked annoyed and it felt like he's just there until his acting/modeling career picks up. Mikey, who gives a damn?! Then, he gives me an unreadable, hand-written check with food stains on it that's miscalculated/overpriced(picture added to album). Had it been super busy, I'd understand. It was Tuesday lunch, he had maybe 3 tables! This place needs to get it together, there's just too much competition.This a 5 star Diner!  Service friendly and fun. Menu has something for everyone.  We did Heavenly - waffle. Delicious and The Contractor - for the REALLY hungry - very good. Exceptional on the pancake!    
Mike was our handsome and attentive server - he was helpful w questions and draws a beautiful smiley face with whipped cream.  Thanks Mike for being one more person that makes New Orleans so wonderful.This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in New Orleans! It became a quick favorite to my friends and myself!  My go to meal is their repopulation combo. It includes two eggs, bacon or sausage, hash browns or grits and biscuit or toast. I always have to get their hash browns, and I've had many a discussion with friends over how good they are and the desire to be able to make them at home (several of us have tried and all have failed!) 
Be warned you may have to wait awhile if you come when they're busy. But just write your name on the clipboard placed out front relax and enjoy some of magazine streets finest people watching.Wow. I'm astounded at how badly executed a simple breakfast could be. Probably the worst I've ever had, actually. I'm so disappointed I didn't choose one of the eighty fabulous breakfast places in this city. But nooo...I like trying new places. 
I sat down at the bar after not being greeted when I walked in. The cook greeted me when I sat down and was very friendly. I ordered a country fried steak and substituted cheese grits for hash browns. I noticed the CFS was $14.50. I'm like, "This must be pretty good. That's kind of high for CFS." Well...literally a frozen patty. Nothing "fresh" or "homemade" about it. That thing came out of a box. And the grits were totally flavorless with a barely melted slice of cheese on top which, by the way, is a $1 upcharge. Ultimately, I paid $21 for an iced coffee and a breakfast I didn't eat. Save your money and don't waste your time on Slim's.So gross! Not even the hash browns were good. Instead of crispy they were stale. The biscuit was overdone. The french toast was just toast and powdered sugar. Save your money and go else where.Dined at Slim Goodies while vacationing in New Orleans. They were within walking distance from where we were staying. I am a huge breakfast lover so when I saw their menu, I didn't have to think twice. Its a nice quaint, local establishment in the Magazine District. Their menu offers a plethora of omelets, eggs, and many other breakfast items. I decided on a simple, Eggs Over Medium, hash browns sausage and toast. Well, this is where things started going South. The first meal I had to return because the eggs were fried hard. I explained to the waitress that I want them Over Medium, yolk runny, white cooked. Here comes the next plate, my eggs were fried hard to a crisp and were almost black. She took it back. Then she returns with the cook. He asked me how I wanted the eggs cooked. i said Over Medium, he understood. This time the cook brought out my meal and there were 3 eggs there instead of 2. The first was fried, yolk hard. He said "skip that one, check another one. The next 2 were still not prepared properly. I told the cook, they were fine as I wasn't about to send it back a 4th time. Especially since each time they continued to decline. Breakfast is a simple meal to prepare and so is an egg cooked Over Medium. The fact that they failed numerous times was difficult to understand.This is an old-school diner that offers what diners offer-plus a nice vegetarian selection. Myself, I split the difference, ordering a gigantic banana-infused pancake with added pecans that was tasty and gooey with whatever table syrup they have, as well as a side of scrambled tofu with some pretty decent spices. If you're not interested in eggs for breakfast, you can get a long way with beans and avocado as well as tofu-based dishes, so there's a decent amount of choice here. These things aren't rocket science and I wish more places made simple menu additions like these.
On the downside, the diner vibe doesn't really appeal to me, and it seemed not the cleanest and a tad sketch, and the servers were a bit lackadaisical and confused. All of which I'd take if it were super cheap, but that side of tofu cost what it would have at a nicer place. If I were a tourist, I'd say this is not a bad stop. As a local, I'd note that it opens at 6 AM if you need an early breakfast.I was almost in tears eating my Crawfish etouffee smothered latkes. Everything was amazing!10/26/2014: came back and everything was off the hook awesome!
We had the #3's and the Strawberry Waffles, Heaven,
Everything came out hot and delicious!!!
Great service and added our picture to the wall!
I am rating this from a four to a five! I think it was just a fluke that the tortillas came out later with the previous day's food, things happen!
Our server today was Emily and she did an awesome job!
A lot of locals come here, so you know it's good!
10/25/2014:  Everything was great, with a few things needing improvement.
The Guatemalan comes with tortillas, but most of the plate was eaten before they were brought to the table. Could not wait for them to arrive, before eating, or the food would have been cold.
The food was good though, but when you order this meal, you really want to eat with the tortillas.
The #3 meal comes with a variety of food and really hit the spot.
The only thing that could have been better with this meal was the grits. Although they were good, they were not the best. The grits could have more warm butter, as well as a little more flavor, maybe salt? Can't put our finger on what is missing.
The omelet was the Americana, I asked for no onion, and cooked really well. When it came, it was perfect but since I said no onions, they left out the bell peppers.
All in all it was good, and we will be going back to try other items on the menu!I really wish I hadn't been seated at the counter where I could watch the food being made...  I watched chefs with long, uncovered beards and hair preparing the food customers were going to eat.  Hopefully their hands were washed because they certainly touched everything with their bare hands.
The food was probably good, but I had a really hard time eating after knowing how it was all prepared.Recently visited NOLA and stayed about a mile and a half from this place. We ate breakfast every morning here and did not want to try any place else because it is just simply amazing. It was really busy one day and not so busy the next and slow the day after, each of the days we were treated the same, even with different servers each time, they were all so friendly. Now, the service, atmosphere, everything was amazing... Let's get to the good part... 
The food, Day 1: a pancake with a friggen egg cooked in the center, the egg was perfect and the pancake was so fluffy in the center and had some crunchy edges with such amazing taste. Day 2: hash brown/chili/egg dish that was absolutely ridiculous. Day 3: the Slimcherros were amazing, avocado and plantains just made the dish. 
Also, the fiancé is gluten intolerant and she was still able to enjoy an amazing GF waffle and The Todd egg/pancake GF style. She also had the chili/egg dish with vegan chili and loved it !!How can you not love this place? Laid back and comfortable decor, cheap good food, awesome music-- it's fantastic. From their omelettes to their pancakes to their burgers, I've yet to be disappointed. Their sausage is just ok, but their bacon rules. If you need a place to grab a bite in a hurry, this might not be your place as there's often a line, but it's well worth the wait. 
Watch out though--Cash Only!No love here. Bad service bad food. There aren't that many places for nontouristy breakfast which explains why businesses like this can stay open. Couldn't find a seat at the counter since the dirty fan was on the counter and 3 waiters were sitting in customer's seats. Had to wait then ask to place an order. How can you mess up eggs and bacon? Bacon was old and just reheated and tasted bacteria all over. Didn't stop the cook from grabbing a piece with bare hands off the bacon tray 3 feet from me and eating facing me. 2 eggs bacon toast coffee for $8. Never again.Nothing special to brag about.
Really good dive diner in a good area on Magazine St.
the menu is mostly breakfast, but they do have your typical burger, BLT, etc.
The fact that they are cash only and don't have an ATM in house dropped another star from me.Good coffee to start (hot and fresh), I ordered the Guatemalan which includes jalapeño black beans, salsa, two eggs and plantains and I added a side of crispy swine. Beans were great flavor, slightly spicy with the chunks of jalapeños but with a mushy texture that is not quite refried but close - loved it! Eggs are eggs when fried on a big grill, skipped the salsa and finished with the crispy bacon - don't eat it lots but when I do.......crunchy texture, not burned at all (sometimes it's a gamble) and nice thickness. Great staff, quick, clean and courteous - slightly heavy music track. All in all a great breakfast!Late review, but better late than never. 
As a New Yorker I'm used to a diner every corner; I learned this isn't the case in New Orleans. Slim Goodies, then, is an essential stop for those wanting a classic diner experience-- in my opinion. 
My friend and I stopped by on a weekday morning and were able to find spots right away at the bar. It's a pretty small place, so I'd guess there's a wait on weekends (which isn't characteristic of diners I know in NY, but when it's the only one around I guess that's to be expected).
I ordered a combo that came with pancakes, eggs, and sausage or bacon. I asked for bacon but got sausage; it didn't really annoy me because I like both, but our waitress was so attentive I knew it'd be sorted if it was an issue.
We both ordered coffee and it was refilled almost constantly, which was perfect. 
The food itself was delicious and reminded me of home. I definitely recommend this place if you want a cheap and quick breakfast that you can't get everywhere in NOLA. 
I believe they do not have a liquor license so don't expect a boozy brunch here, but there are plenty of other spots to satisfy that want.A bit greasy for my taste...we had the 2egg, 2bacon, 2pancake deal...all greasy, but tasted ok. Free wifi though:) Much preferred Red Dog for breakfast right down the street.CASH ONLY!
milkshake and the food was Amazing!!!!!!!!!! server is nice and funny, the whole diner is cute!! highly recommended if you are spending the day around the garden district.So many options for breakfast and ALL of them are delicious!  I love a place that has more than just the traditional breakfast plates.  My favorite is the Tex-Mex Slammer or the Guatemalan..I can't decide.
They get very busy, especially on weekends of course, but if you show up before 9 or 10am, there usually isn't a problem getting a table.  Prices are just barely higher than you would expect to spend for breakfast (the last time I was here it was 70 dollars with tip for a table of five with five entrees, 3 coffees, and two OJs), but the quality and selection is worth the price.  My brother thought that his scrambled eggs were egg beaters, which would make me sad because I want to think everything here is homemade (the biscuits aren't) so you may want to ask.
Service is generally friendly and the crowd has lots of regulars.  This is definitely one of my favorite breakfast places, I wish they were a 24 hour joint!First time and won't be the last. Great breakfast spot, but we got the Katrina burger and the philly steak slimwich. It was great. The service was nice as well. I will definitely come back for the breakfast. I want to try the Category 5 Breakfast Burrito next.