We found this place by accident after everywhere else has over an hour wait! And what a happy accident! The food was amazing! Our server was kind and laughed at all our jokes. They had a man playing the piano while we had our breakfast. The drinks from the bar were delish. We didn't take advantage of the bottomless mimosa but others around us were and the drinks kept coming!
I had the southern Bennie which was an amazing bacon biscuit cut in half topped with two perfectly fried pieces of chicken , egg and a creamy hollandaise sauce. The amount of food on my plate was so much and every bite was amazing 
My husband got the shrimp and grits. The shrimp were perfectly grilled with a creamy grits and tomatoe sauce that gave it a nice zing with perfectly cooked eggs. 
Our friends got the Havoes Ranchos and he added a side of steak. To our happy surprise he got a perfectly cooked $6 large piece of steak along with his huge plate. 
Our other friend got the biscuits and gravy. It was a large bacon biscuit topped with a delish sausage gravy with two over easy eggs! Sooo good! 
If I was a local and could access this place often, I would!Found the place wandering around New Orleans trying to get out of the French Quarter. What a great find! Live piano player, great food, awesome service. The bottomless mimosas were yummy. I suggest the cranberry flavor over the original. DefinitelyThis is my absolute favorite spot for Brunch! The servers are always excellent and polite. The local artists that play always add the best atmosphere. The food is the best in the area as well in my opinion. Every meal I've had has been fresh and delicious. I've taken several of my friends and family here and it is always a hit.This is my favorite new spot in New Orleans! Everything on the menu is delicious, and their weekend brunch speciality menu cannot be beat! Fruity Pebbles French toast?!? Check. Avocado Toast?! Check. Homemade everything bagels?! YES. Chef Rob kills it!!Went here for brunch and it was amazing. Strong bottomless mimosas and our waitress Andrea did an amazing job. Friendly environment and staff is super nice. Definitely coming back. The chicken and waffles and the French toast sandwich were amazing and perfect.I had the sliders red beans rice an a infused drink an it was great  I defiantly be back soon the price was cheap an reasonable the waitresses were awesome fast and politeA friend and I popped into this cute little bar for a couple of drinks. Their drinks are tasty and reasonably priced. Our bartender was nice and helpful. They even had live music, which was a nice addition. I suppose this is the second location of the original spotted cat, but this location is much more low key. Check it out!Flew into NOLA and was too early to check into our air bnb when we stumbled upon this gem. First off its seat yourself so don't look stupid and just take a seat a server will be with you. Number two their bloody Mary's are to die for (I'm not a fan of BM but I had a sip of my friends and damn it was good). Three bottomless mimosas are awesome and the waitress comes around every time my glass seemed empty I'd personally stick to pineapple I wasn't a fan of the cranberry and obviously a regular mimosa is always good too but the pineapple was my favorite and yes I did all three and then an extra pineapple cause why not & hey when in New Orleans drinking is not frowned upon. Finally can we talk about how amazing their food is? My friend got chicken and waffle (they apparently got a new waffle machine recently) and it was divine. Fried to perfection crispy tender and juicy chicken with the perfect balance of maple syrup and hot sauce. I got the breakfast risotto and I'm set on going back for it before I leave if I can manage to fit in all my food fantasies in a 4 day trip. This place is awesome, definitely go if you're craving hearty food with perfect seasoning. Price range you really can't beat either. I love that you can see the kitchen too from where your sitting and live music at the front of the store. Loved every minute.Amazing biscuits and gravy! Love cheddar and bacon in there. Service was on point, regularly refilling coffee and mimosas. Laura was excellent!absolutely amazing!!!
First time here and can't wait to come back 
We have eaten at some great brunch spots in Nola 
But this restaurant is the bestMy husband and I just had a lovely dinner here. I was initially put off by the limited choice of main dishes, but once I settled for a starter and a side, and my husband for the double burger, was just delighted with the freshness and great execution of our dishes. My shrimps were delicate, the miso wafers crispy and tasty, and the flavors nice and well defined. His hamburger was juicy, great bread, same for the bacon. A delight to eat (I will confess to some stealing). Service was courteous and my husband really enjoyed his drink. We will be back!This place was amazing, I loved their shrimp and grits, my spouse throughly enjoyed their biscuits and gravy. Staff was awesome! Stop by and check them out!Great service.  Fun drinks.  Bottomless mimosas.  
Amazing food.  Definitely recommend.  We came for brunch the garlic fries are awesome.I went here during Mardi Gras day with my family and the red beans and rice, biscuits sandwich, and stuffed bell peppers were all amazing and nicely priced.  I am looking forward to going back for a dinner. Give this place a try.  (P.S. Yelp includes a phone number.  MANY MANY New Orleans restaurants host private parties or have strange days they are closed.  Before going, ALWAYS call, even if Yelp says they are open.We hoofed it here from the FQ and they were CLOSED!!! Special MG hours. Thanks for nothing.Called a week early to confirm hours and though friendly service, was informed no seating available after being seated. Staff did eventually accommodate us but we were told group coming in so table was for a limited time only. Food was average and was offered free refills. Pricing reasonable. Decor modern and simple. Overall, decent place but have had better shrimp and grits at other breakfast hot spots before.Chicken and waffles were amazing! We had a table for 8 and all he something different and everyone was very happy with their food. Definitely 5 stars!!!This is our new breakfast go-to from now on. The french toast sandwich was just the right blend sweet and savory and the chicken and waffles was delicious. The best surprise was how good the homemade pickles are. We were served by the actual owner...a great guy!Stumbled into this spot by way of waiting for a show at Cafe Istanbul, and was VERY pleased! 
We were lulled in by the live music, and stayed for the cocktails. Open for just a week, this restaurant has a lot of promise, primarily as a breakfast joint with a mix of cocktails. Upscale and trendy, yet the bulk of the menu is breakfast food, so clearly great for brunch, and even happy hour.
The cocktails are very beautifully crafted, with home-made infusions like citrus cucumber vodka, sweet potato bourbon, and pepper tequila, to name a few. Even better, it is reasonably priced, and offers something for everyone.
The service couldn't have been friendlier, and while I foolishly came full, the breakfast risotto sounds incredible, as does EVERYTHING on the menu! 
Make sure to stop in soon.Ordered the chicken and waffles and they were extremely delicious. The chicken is rendered and lightly breaded and the waffles were warm, fluffy and dressed with a sweet and vinegary syrup. The breakfast potatoes are incredible too. I ordered the mocha coffee and had to get another to go, very very good!Seated without wait on a Sunday afternoon was a nice surprise. Atmosphere is nice, complete with live music and an open kitchen. 
Food was mediocre. I ordered the breakfast risotto because of the unique concept. It was cold and lacked flavor. Nice idea, but not well done. My friend ordered the biscuits and gravy. The dish was tasty and uniquely flavored. 
Service was poor. Slow and inattentive, after the first interaction.  Service staff and manager seemed inexperienced and not well-trained. 
Coffee was great! 
Sub-par Sunday brunch. Considering alternatives, I do not recommend this place.Wow, those slices of lime on my bloody Mary were almost old enough to drink, and I certainly didn't get bacon infused vodka. Although the huevos rancheros were serviceable, I can't understand why anyone would use guacamole out of a pouch. If you can make fresh salsa, you can make fresh guac. Rotating and ripening avocadoes is worth the effort. 
Service was a bit slow on a weekday with only one server/bartender and a table of 8 in the dining room. No live music during the week. I might consider a second visit, but can't recommend it.The chef at this restaurant is very talented. Be sure to order something where he can let his talents shine. Also, prepare to hear some of the best music in New Orleans, as the live performers come from the roster of the wildly successful Spotted Cat Music Club on  Frenchmen Street. Highly recommended!So, 2 stars for the food - it was good.  Just stay away from this place with a large group. Our brunch for 15 people took over two hours, and the service was literally laughably bad.  Our waitress was clueless about the menu, painfully slow, and our appetizers took over an hour to arrive. They also seated us in what appeared to be a back hallway (not the normal seating area).  It's ok if you can't accommodate large groups - just let us know. I hate to throw the waitress under the bus, but I can't overstate how poor the service was. She didn't have any sense of urgency when it was clear we were frustrated after not getting food for over an hour, and seemed oblivious to basic requests. This restaurant has a lot of potential, but they need to address their service issues.Had a wonderful brunch here! Loved my pancakes. Server was very attentive with our bottomless mimosas. The live music was nice. Everyone enjoyed their food immensely! Definitely recommend for an affordable and delicious brunch.Delicious!!!!! Just delicious. I had the chicken and waffles and it was amazing! And their strawberry infused vodka was incredible! And who can complain about local live jazz musicians?!?! I will be frequenting the Spotted Cat Food and Spirits for years to come! Everything was very reasonably priced. The atmosphere was super family friendly. I can't wait to try everything else on their menu. This place place is a local treasure.We were hesitant when we walked in and there wasn't a wait for breakfast on a Saturday morning in New Orleans, but man were we pleasantly surprised. This place has DELICIOUS brunch. The homemade mozzarella sticks are amazing and they hit the spot after a night out drinking. The fruity pebble french toast seems like it would be too sweet, but it's just right. The live music was fun and the vibe was cool. Once more people find out this place exists, it will definitely get busier and harder to get in. My friend really appreciated the fact that they had vegan options, too.This is our third night in town and our second time in The Spotted Cat. Service has been impeccable. The food has been amazing!  Best sliders ever (to include perfectly cooked quail eggs!) and some of my favorite mac and cheese ever. And Jenny, the manager, clearly has a gift for customer service. Highly recommend this place!Very tasty brunch! I had the red beans and rice and it did not disappoint! The rest of my friends had the sliders or the risotto and they, as well, were delicious! The cocktail menu was interesting and looked like they put effort into creating unique drinks. The sparkling cle'ment was on point! We will definitely be back one day!I walked in here randomly.  For the people that love spotted cat on Frenchman st but  don't like the crazy amount of people...i found it again on st. Claude. I walked in to the incredible Carolyn Broussard  singing with an incredible group of mucisians. (I don't know who they are i couldn't stay long,  thanks to spontaneity) the amazing Brian (bartender) made the stawberry walker  (i love a good champagne drink) i made this review because i walked into a local treasure and thought this is worth a review.  It's worth coming in and having a cocktail and a song.This is a hidden gem in New Orleans!  We were greeted right away and the service was outstanding!  Atmosphere was casual, warm and friendly with live piano music to boot!  Food was AMAZING!  We had the mozzarella cheese sticks, grilled cheese with mushrooms, onions, bacon and egg, fresh pattied hamburger with garlic fries and the Fruity Pebble French toast is a real treat!
Definitely make this a stop when you are in town ...I wish we had one back home!I've only been here for Vegan Wednesday, but I have to say it's some of the best vegan food I've ever had in my life. Even in my omnivore boyfriend was seriously impressed!
The red bean burger and garlic fries are on the menu every week (and all the time) and are vegan and delicious. The fries taste like the garlic fries they serve at  the Giants games in San Francisco, only better. The cost of the burger and fries together also costs less than a single order of fries there. Clearly, I am a fan!
The menu changes each week, but if the spring rolls are on the menu, get them. They're probably my favorite thing I've had there. I know, spring rolls sound so blasé and boring, but not here. They. Are. Incredible. There's a banana ketchup and pickled mustard seeds and smoked cabbage. There's so much going on, that the only way I can describe it is use the words of the great culinary legend Guy Fieri: It's a party in my mouth.
The Mexican potatoes are a fun and tasty little tapas item, and the fried rice is delicious as well. My only complaint with it is it was a little greasy, but it's fried rice. What did I expect? If it wasn't a little greasy it would be dry sad rice with stuff in it.
I am definitely making their vegan Wednesday a permanent part of my week and can't wait to try their other offerings.Amazing food and service!
This place is kinda new, maybe a year or more but they got everything right. I arrived with a party of 4 and we were told there was about a 10-15 minute wait. There were a LOT of bridal parties dining on this fine Saturday but the wait staff and bartenders did a great job of keeping us informed about things that were going on with the service as well as the food. I'll start with the things that we ordered.
Shrimp and grits!: it was delicious. Our grits were a bit over-DONE initially, but I let Chef Rob know and he fixed our table a fresh batch. As I said, they were really overwhelmed that day with the bridal parties AND their neighbor died that morning. New Orleans is crazy that way. Anyway, the new grits were AMAZING. I mean like, God himself made them. The onion rings were a nice addition, perfect blend of savors and flavors. Grandma couldn't have made them better herself. 
Miso Pancakes: BOMB!! If you like pancakes just go ahead and try them. They are very different from anything you have ever tasted. They have bacon, scallions, and a host of other flavors that blend perfectly well together. Be careful not to add too much syrup as this is not a sweet dish. 
Chicken and waffles: the chicken is awesome. The waffle was average but the chicken took it over the top. I'm not sure if they brine it or just season it regularly but the flavors and textures are to die for. I was impressed.
Some other things we tried were the biscuits and gravy as well as the buffalo salad (added steak). Everything was great and we really appreciated the service of Ryan who is one of the owners as well as chef Rob. If you have a problem with something, your service or your food, try to speak up and don't leave a sour review!Our experience with this restaurant was one the worst we've had here in New Orleans. First of all, our waitress was extremely awkward and made us feel uncomfortable with every encounter. It was absolutely ridiculous. Then there was the food, and it was not very good. The red bean hummus was okay. My boyfriend ordered the fried chicken poboy and the chicken was slimy and we were convinced it was undercooked. I ordered the black bean quesadilla & it was soggy and also extremely difficult to eat. If you've ever had a quesadilla, then you should know its supposed to be eaten with your hands. I guess that concept went over their heads. Also, we went on a Thursday at like 6 PM & there were no other patrons there, so I don't understand how they struggled so hard with serving us edible food. I really wanted to inform a manager about the undercooked chicken, but our waitress was just so weird we had to get out of there ASAPTold 15 mins to get seated took almost an hour, then no one served us for another 30 minutes (I.e no water, order wasn't taken etc.) got up and left after the bad serviceGreat brunch spot! Had the breakfast sliders this morning and they were delicious! Bottomless mimosas were an added bonus!I just have three words. Phe fucking nomenal. Is it customary to kiss the chef on the lips? Because I really want toHonestly the most amazing brunch food we've ever had. I got the French toast sandwich and it was incredible. The tortilla chips are so fresh and tasty. It's so reasonably priced too, $15 for bottomless mimosas! Amazing. 
There was also a piano player who played the whole time from memory - he was incredible! Such an amazing atmosphere. 10/10.Yummy brunch. Bottomless mimosas. Great menu, live music and great staff. Bartender and kitchen staff were super friendly and helpful. Made for a great brunch to sit and enjoy for a bit. Not as busy as most brunch spots so better service. Music was on point.May be the worst place I've eaten in NOLA. Staff was polite but either incompetent or inexperienced. I expect the latter   Place was a bit noisy for only 3 to 4 tables;  waitress thought it was crazy.?  Had breakfast. Toast was cold and Uber thin and hard !! Plus only sourdough as a toast. Had to ask for butter and jam, not that it helped. Also had to use my knife for a spoon to stir my coffee. A spoon was was later delivered upon asking. My guest was charged for bacon because the waitress couldn't figure how to provide a reasonable cost for just eggs and toast. After talking to the manager it was gratuitously corrected. 
I recommend going across the street to the St Roch Market....more selection and better control over what you're getting. 
Overall, very disappointed; had expected much more from this apparently renovated cafe restaurant.We were looking for a fun, affordable and cozy place to host a "Rehearsal Brunch" the day before our wedding in New Orleans and found "Spotted Cat Food & Spirits". It was the perfect place for our event (we already love the Spotted Cat on Frenchmen St. This is their second location). Cheryl was extremely helpful and flexible and a pleasure to work with. Delicious food, live music, bottomless mimosas and seats for 40+ guests. We highly recommend it for a private event (and we will definitely come back for regular brunch).Excellent. Andrea, our waitress, was on point, food was delightful and the live music was the perfect addition to it all. The biscuits and gravy was our favorite!We walked right in for brunch on a Saturday morning. They had a live singer and guitarist who was great and added a great atmosphere. Our waitress was awesome and attentive. It took a bit for the food to come out, but since we could watch them prep and cook it fresh, it was ok. The portion of the Rise and Shine was VERY generous. Everything was very tasty, but the potatoes were a bit salty. Overall, it was very good, and I highly recommend it if you're in the area.While part of me rails against the presence of yet another gentrifying high-price place that local neighbors can't afford, I have to admit that you get what you pay for-- both the food and the cocktails are top-notch.  (That is, expensive but really, really good.)  The vegan broccoli sandwich was amazing-- I mean, a broccoli sandwich?  I had to try it just because it was so weird.  And then it turned out to be one of the best sandwiches of my life.  Seriously.  Also, the people are friendly about neighbors coming in and just getting a cup of coffee and working here during the day, or listening to the music for just the price of a beer and tips for the band.Brunch is so good! I had the chicken and waffles and bottomless mimosas  my husband got the shrimp and grits and loved it too! Live music added to the laid back, New Orleans-style ambiance.Just hit'em up for breakfast on this lovely Monday...and we're in shock. So. Good. FIRST of all, it's Monday, so technically bottomless mimosas don't exist; Sam (the best waitress ever) hooked me up anyway for Memorial Day! Secondly, breakfast was mouthwatering. Chicken and waffles=YES. Breakfast risotto=YES. Warning...the risotto was super rich but absolutely decadent and delightfully different. 
We went in on a whim, we're leaving fans. We'll be back. REAL soon. 
And tell Sam (the best waitress ever) we said hello!This was the cutest place ever! The restaurant has great curb appeal with bright colors. The food was great and the bottomless mimosas are totally worth it. They even have other flavors like cranberry and pineapple you can also try. I tried the French toast sandwich. Excellent. My friends had shrimp and grits which they also said they loved, really rich and savory. Im just not a grits type of person no matter which way they are made.I have been to the Spotted Cat on three separate occasions. My first visit was a 5-star visit! My second visit, the food was 5-stars but the service was subpar. My third visit, everything was just bad. First visit, I had bottomless mimosas and shrimp and grits and my waitress was AMAZING! I literally was telling all my friends about this place. My second visit, my waitress was not attentive AT ALL despite the place not being busy and being a party of 4, but my food was amazing (chicken and waffles). My third visit was for a birthday brunch (a party of about 10), and I had the same horrible waitress from before. I knew that as soon as she was our waitress, that our celebration was about to meet its demise. She literally was on her phone, not attentive, and I actually had to get out of my seat one time and get her for something we needed. Everyone's food was cold, and two people had to wait forever for their meals (there was only one other party of guests in the restaurant at the time). We did get a discount for our bad experience. I would really love to give this place 5 stars, especially when they have live music, but those last two visits just did not compare. Just pray you get the good waitress and all will be well.We were very pleased with the selections and quality and price of the food, the drinks were fabulous, the service was excellent.  I wish we lived closer or could visit more often.  I would love the opportunity to try everything on the menu!This is actually my first time coming to the Spotted Cat andy experience was amazing. It had Great Service and Amazing Food! No problemsWe actually found this place by mistake- best mistake ever! First off- BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS. our waitress was amazing and made sure our glasses were never empty. Food- I got the french toast sandwich with a side of cheese grits and a bacon cheddar biscuit. The biscuit was DRYER than a Popeyes biscuit... however that french toast sandwich-- BABBBYYYYY it was amazing. I got it minus the tomatoes. The cheese grits were delicious as well. Definitely worth going back my next trip to New Orleans.Excellent service and live jazz music!
Stopped here for a Saturday brunch with the family and left super full!
Hubs had the St. Claude sliders which he loved. Order the garlic fries as well. You won't regret it (except being stuffed afterwards.)
I had the miso bacon pancakes. Savory and satisfying!
Taking a bite of my kids fruity pebbles french toast definitely topped off the meal. The whipped cream tasted like frosting. I wouldn't recommend eating the entire plate yourself unless you have a huge sweet tooth. Thankfully my kids were able to share it and I just ordered bacon and eggs on the side.
The food took a bit to cook, but the service was very friendly about it. 
Thanks for the good eats on our visit to NOLA!