I think this place probably does more business as a bar, than a restaurant. Had breakfast there this morning, & it was very good. Service was quick & helpful.Late nite eats.  Greasy spoonNot good... But the fries were eatitable at 2 am.  If you want a shitty dive bar, then this is it.  That's about all.Came in here during St Patrick's Day because the Irish House had a limited menu, and I wanted fries. Then had 2 for 1 long Islands and a really good sampler platter.  Want to sure what a Boudin Ball was n but it is really tasty.   
Good drinks. Good food.   Nice people. Weekdays not to love?Perfect chicken friend steak after a night out. Our server was kind and super helpful. Would recommend. Quiet and convenient to our hotel.I frequent this place a good deal, mostly when get off of work late at night and I'm on my way home.  Pretty friendly people, a real mixed bag of nuts working here.
99% of the time I get the ham and cheese omelet and am never disappointed.  It's a pretty good size and a straight forward omelet.  
This is my go-to place for two reason.  24/7 and always tasty.  Nuff said!!!A friend and I went here at 2:30 a.m. on 11/01. It wasn't crowded, but we decided to sit at the bar. We sat quietly, looking over our menus, for about 10 minutes. No staff had approached us at any point since we arrived, and we decided to try a different place instead. As we were walking out the door one of the waiters asked us if we were leaving. My friend, who is in the service industry, politely  told him that we had been waiting a while and nobody had helped us. He apologized to her, she said no big deal, and we left. As it turns out, our "plan B" restaurant was closed, so we decided to give the St. Charles another chance. As soon as we walked in, an older man (short in height, grey hair, wearing a scally cap) approached us and told us we had to leave. We were a bit taken aback by this, and the only explanation he provided was that we had to leave because he doesn't want "that kind of people" in the restaurant. That's a direct quote, and i have no idea what he meant by it. We stood outside, dumbfounded, wondering what the hell just happened. After talking to some friends, I believe this person was probably the owner. This was, by far, the rudest, most disrespectful treatment I have ever received in any business establishment, dining or otherwise. If a bartender or server had approached us as quickly as the rude owner did, we would have never left in the first place.
(This review was originally written in early November of 2011. For some reason it was hidden by Yelp's filter, but I believe it deserves a reposting. This place was that bad.)Ordered appetizers and they came after the meal...like 15 minutes after the meal.  Meal was nothing to write home about. 
Then we were visited by a curious cockroach. 
I wouldn't advise eating here, sorry.I wish I could give less. HORRIBLE FOOD AND SERVICE!!! Save your money. After dealing with the cooks and service staff, I can honestly say they don't care about anything but the money. Save yourself and don't order TAKE OUT for sure. They bag it however, and when you get home... You will be sooo disappointed with the outcome and call the place just to deal with RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL employees.. I guess it's open 24/7 because drunks won't complain. I give it 0 stars honestly.Looking for a place to eat at 11:00PM is hard because just about everything was closed so I stubbled upon this 24hr restaurant/bar to grab some food with a couple of friends. The place wasn't pack, it was just my table and 4 other people at the bar. All 3 of my friends got the rib-eye steak and I was the odd one out to get the spaghetti alfredo with shrimp (I was really craving a nice plate of shrimp alfredo so why not) and a spinach artichoke dip appetizer. 
The artichoke dip was basic, I thought the one from apple bee's tasted better honestly. I had a piece of my friends rib-eye and it was really good, nice and tender. My pasta was not good at all. I took my first bite and there was a grainy texture to it as well as a strong garlicky taste overpowering the rest of the pasta. I love garlic, but that was by far was too much garlic in my opinion. I gave it another try and took a few more bites, but after my last few bites, unfortunately, I felt sick of the garlicky smell and taste and lost my appetite as a whole. Our bill came out, I didn't look at it for myself, but put my fair share for my meal and as we were leaving my friend stated that he wasn't aware of the added gratuity on the actual bill until he paid with the remaining amount left with his credit card and our waitress had inputted the gratuity into his card receipt under the tips section.. I thought that was pretty odd...The seafood platter was very good. Thin catfish fried shrimp and crab cakes.  Also had some very good cheesecake and all of this was 1230 at night on a Monday. Great spot for quality late night food.Once upon a time I used to live right around the corner from this joint, and I do mean that literally.  Whenever I was not in the mood to cook or was craving a juicy, delicious, very cheap steak dinner on a Thursday night this was my go to location.  I can tell you as many times as I have been there, I have never had a rude or unpleasant interaction with any of the wait staff or management as others have mentioned.  I have had a number of things off their menu and there's only two things that I wasn't super impressed by 1) the gumbo always seems a bit watery and 2) the french toast which tasted ok but it's made with a thick slice of french bread and I don't know if its the way they cut it but it is almost impenetrable by syrup and for me that almost defeats the purpose. 
I have never been there drunk so I can't say how it is in the wee hours of the morning and I've never had delivery so I can't speak on that either.  What I can say is this: it's is a tavern and a restaurant that serves almost everything on their menu 24 hours a day.  Are their a few items that could use a little more seasoning?  Of course!!!  That's why they put salt, pepper, and hot sauce on the table.  The food is meant to appeal to the masses not just the few foodie yuppies who expect everything to be seasoned to their liking.   If you are looking for a gourmet meal and white linen table cloths, then Emeril's place is just up the block.  But let's be realistic people.  The food here is plenty good and if you don't like it then don't come back.  We won't miss you.I ate there a few times while in Nola, the services was good, food was yummy.  My only complaint would be my burger was a bit over cooked, i order med-rare and it was deff more on the med-well side, but it was good, good portions.  I have to say the breakfast quesadilla was the best was hands down the best thing i ate there.Me ENCANTA. El servicio es muy bueno, el personal super amable. La comida muy rica y variada. Les recomiendo el desayuno, los french toast son deliciosos. La avena es muy bueno y es una opción saludable. Regresaré.Great food, amazing service, and in a great location!!!
Get the hash, either type.  Best I ever had. :-)Whether the food is good or not is irrelevant at this point. I've been sitting here for an hour and barely got water. She thought she ordered French fries instead of French toast, then proceeded to try to convince me that I was getting French fries because they we're already being cooked. (No customer service). Then she decided to be nice when she realized that she ordered French toast after all. 
All in all, the food was amazing, the service just brought the rating down so low. I'll never have French toast that good anywhere else. They infused orange zest into them and made them with French bread. The food saved my experience.I've giving St. Charles Tavern four stars for one reason -- $11.95 for a pretty decent ribeye steak on Wednesdays and Thursdays. Their cooks have gotten to where they prepare the streaks properly to order, and you just can't beat that price in the city.
Aside from that, they have some semi-decent food and are open 24 hours, which is definitely a plus, although their bar is virtually impossible to eat from (it desperately needs a larger overhang!). The service is good, but when they're full the waitstaff can get a bit overwhelmed. 
I'm dancing between three and four stars on this one, but since they've gotten the steaks right this will always be one of my usual haunts.Went in early on a Sunday morning for a quick bite to eat. Great portion for the price. Nothing fancy, just basic breakfast. Easy going, no frills kind of place.Great place. Good food for breakfast and dinner. The Philly Cheese was amazing harmony of flavors as was the Boudan Ball sub/sandwich. Really good Bloody Mary. Good prices. Friendly staff.OMG! What a great surprise. Stumbled across the Tavern in a hungry stupor. Service was friendly and prompt. We had the pork chop special and it was fabulous! The stuffing was full of flavour, had just the right spice and may be the best I've ever tasted! Highly recommend!Just ordered delivery from St. Charles Tavern because we were craving the jalepeno poppers and it's been awhile since we've eaten there. Our entire order consisted of a catfish plate, jalepeno poppers, chicken tenders and fries (bc the $12 catfish plate didn't come with fries.)
The guy on the phone was nice and the order came within the time they said it would. For a total of $40 (including a $5 tip), we got a lukewarm, mushy catfish "plate" that consisted of 2 pieces of catfish as well as cold, bland fries, what looked like tyson chicken fingers that were dunked in the deep fryer, and jalepeno poppers with cream cheese instead of the gooey, delicious, processed cheddar cheese the old St. Charles Tavern used and that was much enjoyed. The "tartar" sauce was watered down, sour mayonnaise that made us gag and the 2 oz. of  coleslaw was floodwater yellow and had a very peculiar smell. I had to stop eating after imagining the coleslaw and cream cheese in a 5 gal. vats, sitting out in the open, un-chilled. Also, the $1.75 soft drink you order is 16 oz, not 20 oz. 
I don't know if it's new management or ownership, but this place is AWFUL. Definitely not the place I remember. I also suspect that some rounding up took place on my bill because the estimated price was not the even $35 they charged me. Stay away from this place unless you want to spend the next day on the toilet is my suggestion.Had a shrimp Po boy and it was much better than the one we had in the French quarters. The shrimp gumbo was very good. Service was prompt and the atmosphere was not overwhelming. Would very much recommend it.The food was solid and our waiter was nice, but dammmmmmn the food took forever. I was drunk, hungry, and contemplating going to sleep on the table since the food was taking so long. 
When our food finally came, my table delighted in the random assortment of food we had ordered (mushroom burger, fries, baked potato, hot wings, ham and cheese omlette...all good).Love the location, so close to the St Charles Streetcar line.  Arrived for a late breakfast Sunday, yet that isn't a problem for a 24 hr spot like this.  My son and I ordered almost the exact same dish-- two eggs over med, bacon, toast, grits.  One of the waiters made me laugh-- he was attempting to explain to a non-southerner what "grits" were.  He looked at me for assistance.  I tried.  Finally told them to just order them.  Good call.  They serve an exponential amount of bacon with a normal breakfast.  Wonderful hash browns, thick cut red taters with onions and a little cajun seasoning.  Nice surprise to see a bit of fresh fruit for garnish.  Good prices, slow to ok service, but a great location and lots of character.  You can't go wrong here.Tried this place out for lunch because it was walking distance from my hotel. The older guy that seemed to be in charge was super nice and made some recommendations. Should have tried some cajun food but I had a philly cheese steak on ciabatta with fries. It was pretty good; would definitely return in the future to try out their 24hr breakfast!If I could give this place zero stars I wouldn't because the. That would mean negative numbers were in play and then I would choose those. WORST. PLACE. EVER. YUCK.Two words... CRAB CAKES! I have had them twice and each time has been a triumph! Their seafood platter is enough to warrant greasing the doors so you can leave. This place is awesome!Worst restaurant experience ever. Waitress had to be on crack with her constant itching and shaking. Messed up the bill 3 times and asked me to come back the next day to receive a refund.Go down the street to the Avenue Pub, the food is better and so is the ambiance.Okay, I realize it's rare these days that I give a business five stars right off the bat, but my experience ordering food from St. Charles Tavern last night at approximately 3 a.m. couldn't have been more awesome, so pending further investigation they've totally earned the fifth star from me.
So, last night, I once again failed to eat dinner (sometimes I forget!) and by the time we got home from gallivanting around, the tummy gods were demanding attention. Stat. Given the situation, I was overjoyed to discover that food was, in fact, available anywhere, so that's definitely a factor with regard to the whole five star rating thing. Here's what happened:
I require food. It is three a.m. We are in the Lower Garden District. Where do I look for food? Yelp, of course. The first thing I see when I look at the business listing for St. Charles Tavern is Jean-Paul V's beautifully written review: "God bless St. Charles Tavern. You are a beacon in the night. A shiny, greasy lodge to the derelict, bereft, and inebriated." Um, yes please! Where do I sign up? 
Visited their website by way of their Yelp page, then found a link to download the menu. I was vaguely disappointed to discover that they'd stopped delivering at 2am, but again, tummy gods are not to be f*cked with, so if I had to go out and pick up my own food, so be it. 
The menu is pretty awesome in terms of selection - they've got breakfast, 24/7, veggie options like the veggie burger I ordered, plus standards like cheese fries, mozzarella sticks, salads and spinach and artichoke dip. When I called, the first person who answered put me on hold for a moment, then a pleasant male voice picked up, "What can I get for you?" 
The pleasant male voice happened to belong to the chef, so the dude who'd be cooking our food was also taking my order, and he was super awesome as far as phone interactions while ordering food go (in fact, as far as phone interactions in general, with random strangers, go), so major props for that. Not only was he pleasant, helpful, and patient as I gathered the various details of my two companions' complicated orders, he was totally awesome about it when I called back two minutes later to cancel one item and order an omelette instead, because one of my friends didn't notice at first that they had breakfast, and that was what he "really wanted." 
Our food was ready in 15-20 minutes, St. Charles Tavern was literally three blocks up the street from my friend's house, and it was exactly what you'd expect to get from a "shiny, greasy lodge to the derelict, bereft, and inebriated." And it was delicious. Three am dinner FTW! Thank you, St. Charles Tavern. You freaking rock.They have excellent bar food. Got the lunch/dinner chicken fried steak. The mashed potatoes and gravy were awesome.This place is okay. I ordered biscuits and gravy with sausage patties and 2 eggs over easy. I'm from KY so I know gravy. It's practically a food group for us. The gravy was okay. The sausage patties taste fake and like it came from McDonald's. That's telling me this is pre-pattied, pre-cooked sausage. 
The orange slice they gave was dried out; telling me it's been days since its been sliced and has been out in the open. 
It's okay but honestly, the only way I would come here is if I am drunk.Much better than expected, as far as late-night grub goes. My expectations were pretty low, honestly, because I always thought of this place as a dive, which it is. I ordered a Western omelet, which is traditionally made with ham, bell peppers, onions, and maybe cheese. 
What I received did not bear any resemblance whatsoever to that formula, but it was still tasty. The "Western omelet" I received had red onions, tomatoes, spinach, garlic, and a little tiny bit of ham, with a dish of tomatillo salsa on the side. I think I caught one shred of cheese in there, it was a negligible amount. I was more disappointed by the lack of cheese than I was at the addition of the other ingredients.
It came with a side of potatoes and an order of toast, both were good.
The waitress was efficient and way too overqualified to be working the night shift in a virtually empty restaurant.
Entertainment was provided by a drunk guy snoozing on a bench outside, and his girlfriend driving up and screaming at him.
Meets your late-night needs.Very disappointed with the quality of the food tonight.  I normally don't write reviews of places....but I feel that I definitely needed to write one for tonight.  
I ordered takeout......the Wednesday and Thursday special rib-eye baked potato, I ordered it to be a medium cooked steak and I got burnt.  The potato, was still rick hard in the center and it over an HOUR for the delivery to get here.  Once it did get here, the delivery guy a $8.00 tip(because he had no change, big surprise there huh?)  This is not my first eating at this establishment, so I was highly disappointed.  If you are looking for cheap food to eat after a night of partying, this is the place to go.  Otherwise I would recommend going somewhere else, hell, even McDonald's is better that what I got tonight.We've been to this place every day of our 4-day stay. Different times ranging from 3am  super late night food, to breakfast, to dinner. Always great food, friendly service, good drinks, and a laid-back New Orleans atmosphere. Other patrons always interesting and happy to chat with you if you want to get some tips on enjoying New Orleans.Have to say that I had some good meals when I was down in New Orleans. And this place was one of them. Saw it when I was on the tram as I was going up and down St. Charles Avenue. It was two years ago but all I can remember was the good breakfast that I had and the chance to catch up with my history reading on New Orleans. Lots of locals. Looks like a bar at night. But the food I had was surprisingly good. Might be going down to New Orleans again this Thanksgiving. Will try and drop by. So, until then 4 stars for now.Well... this is a 24/7 Tavern - bar and food!  Service was excellent, courteous, warm and efficient - thank you Brandon!  The food was quite delicious - we had both hash dishes with eggs, the potatoes were soooooo well seasoned, biscuit with added white gravy!  Oh my goodness!!!  We'll be back!  Ambience is dark and cozy with cool tunes.I make it a point to come and eat here each time I visit New Orleans (home). They have some of the most delicious food in the city, please do not let the esthetics of the building fool you. The food here is the BOMB!!! The service is great as well, be sure to ask for Story, she is a sweetheart. Very pleasant, attentive to your dining needs all with a smile and New Orleans hospitality. 
Okay back to the food... the times that I've dined here which has been for breakfast lunch and dinner (all in the same day) and then some was nothing less than great. The food served are of good portions (New Orleans style), well seasoned and delightful to the palette. I would not be exaggerating when I say just about everything here is good, even the appetizers. 
Additionally, it is open so late that it's the best place to eat if you've been out all nite. 
The establishment is very well kept from the dining area to the bathrooms. The prices here are very responsible in my opinion. Love this place and can not wait to be back in NOLA and back at St. Charles Tavern.Solid and reasonably priced. Don't make a special trip but if you're craving standard Nola fare and close you could do worse. Open 24 hours which is a plus.Disclosure: I've only eaten there once, and I loved it. I was hungry for some gumbo & rolled in there alone, sat at the bar. My first neighbor was a train engineer for Amtrak, a regular who talked about the 24/7 culture & blend of people getting drunk next to people already drunk next to people just waking up before work for breakfast - fun. 
My next neighbor was the chef from some big seafood restaurant who just got off work - I think he was a regular too. 
As for me... the gumbo was excellent, and I also tried the Boudain balls, which were also terrific. The owner tells me he's also opening a jazz club upstairs? Should be interesting...
UPDATE. I went there again last week and the owner (Adam) showed me the upstairs  - real nice. Depending upon a few things in the works, he may turn it into a jazz club or ????? Their balcony overlooks St. Charles street where the Mardi Gras parade goes - real cool. 
You know I dig you guys at the Tavern, so don't kill the messenger here but... I did order one of your bloody marys and DAMN?!?!?!?.... Let's just say your gumbo & boudain balls are excellent.This place seems a lot cleaner since the new ownership took over.  The food is still about the same "ok" quality as it always was but the menu is a bit different than the old one.  The service is absolutely HORRIBLE and you have to make substantial effort to get anybody's attention after they initially take your order.  I would suggest sitting at the bar and you will probably get slightly better service as compared to hardly any service at the tables.  The only awesome five star thing about this place is that it really is 24/7 so you can always get something to eat here.  If the service wasn't so very bad it would be a three star joint and it also seems they cleaned out a bit of the character that used to be here... or at least a lot of the characters that used to always be eating in here.I give this place 2 stars. I ordered chicken tenders thinking that it would be REAL CHICKEN. Not the processed kind. It tastes like cafeteria food. I should have gotten the po boy. My fries however were great. Loved the random bits of bacon thrown in. Service was nice. Will i come back. Probally but ill def get something elseSo I was hoping to take my Dad out to a nice breakfast while he was visiting, but I guess we were up way to early in the morning for any of the other places to be open. Although the St. Charles Tavern is pretty divey, it served us a helluva decent breakfast if diner style breakfast is what you're looking for. 
My dad was pleased as punch with his biscuits and gravy, pronouncing the gravy just spicy enough, covering two biscuits, halved, and each topped with a sausage patty. 
I had two scrambled eggs, toast, and the hash browns. Very substantial, pretty darn good. Our waitress was sweet as could be, considering she'd probably been there all night. This place is open 24 hours and you can get breakfast lunch or dinner at any time during those hours. 
Not too shabby for such a divey place. The price was good too.Delicious, hot and spicy jambalaya. Great casual, neighborhood spot to sit over good food and a beer, and chat with the staff.st. charles tavern is the worst combination of a diner and dive bar (and i usually love both).  i walked in around 2am to get a drink while i did some writing.  i was seated quickly without a hello or a smile.  i waited 10 minutes without service before going to the bathroom.  everything was dirty and the toilet wouldn't flush.  i came back out to find my pen had been stolen.  the waitress ignored me for another 10 minutes.  i made one final attempt to get her attention, but she had her back turned to me as she was chatting with someone at the bar.  25 minutes after my arrival, i left without ever being served.Tuesday night.  All U Can Eat crabs.  Good ole fashioned dive joint.  Conveniently located off the trolley.How anyone can give this place one star is beyond me.
Know what to expect. It's a step above a dive with some class. 
I had just finished a night of intense partying and dancing when I stumbled into the tavern dying of thirst. 
Chris was so attentive, helpful, and funny.
He rehydrated me and then made me such an amazing breakfast for 4 am.
Perfectly cooked, with fresh strawberries on the side. 
I had no idea this place existed and now I can't imagine going anywhere else when I'm so shitfaced I can't really see straight and it's 4 am and I need great company and nourishment.
Oh, and a perfect stranger bought my breakfast. Loved it.Slowest cooks in the city. Great location. Play the juke box while you wait.  Steak night is a god deal.Me: "Hi, I'd like to place an order for delivery, pretty please."
St. Charles Tavern: "I don't know where you're from, but it's Mardi Gras and a parade is passing. We don't deliver today."
Me: "Actually, I live on the parade route, and the parade passed three hours ago. But I understand not wanting to drive today. That's why I'm trying like hell to get something delivered."
And then we all had a good laugh. But seriously, I totally understand not delivering at all during Mardi Gras . . . but a girl has to try, right? 
On a regular day, the food's a'ight. It's not the greatest food I've ever had in my life, but what I have had is solid. And I have to be honest . . . the thought that I can have chicken fried steak drowning in country gravy can be DELIVERED to me during a wicked hangover episode is what gets me through the day sometimes! (and their menu says they deliver city-wide, which is pretty bad ass)
So . . . three stars, because it's not the greatest food in the whole world, but it'll conveniently give you your greasy fix and cure what ails ya!Dinner here was very unmemorable.   The Cajun Chicken was greasy and the portion (including sides) was too small for the price.  My colleague got Chicken Strips, which was cheaper, and his portion was enormous!  They also don't split checks, which was a bit of a hassle.  The server was friendly enough.  I'd come back here for late night drinks (and maybe nosh), but definitely not for dinner.It was late and stumbled upon this neighborhood 24 hour tavern while walking tipsy on St Charles :) Thank God they were not busy cause I was starvin. Sat on the bar and ordered Seafood Gumbo and Shrimp Poboy. I love the Gumbo soup...chunks of seafood and had nice spicy kick! The poboy was pretty enormous so I only had half of it. Good amount of breaded fried shrimp served on a roll but tasteless....maybe frozen? The other thing I didn't like were the fries. Crinkle cut and definitely know they were frozen. I was expecting hand cut fries from this local tavern. I was glad that they were serving food past grave yard shift but the quality is questionable. I may have been drunk but my taste buds are always pretty alert when it detects frozen fried meals.Not my favorite meal, but not the worst meal I've ever had either.
We popped in here for breakfast on the recommendation of our hotel check-out girl.  After going back and forth trying to decide, I opted for the biscuits and gravy with sausage patties.  While the biscuits were decent, the gravy had a weird sweetness to it.  I didn't like that at all.
A friend had the Greek omelette with egg whites.  She said it was good and she liked that the eggs were fluffy.
My brother-in-law had the chicken and andouille hash and I tried a bite of that.  First bite and I got a small bone.  But the potatoes were good.
If I were starving and there was nothing else open, I guess i'd eat here again.Food was ugh edible, not the corn beef I'm used to. Place is loud and service is minimal so that equals slow.Delicious meatball spaghetti, specially if taken at 4 AM after a long and festive nightDecided to stop here with a bachelor party (6 people total) early morning (3am). It took 10 minutes after order our drinks (water) before they got to the table. Food wise, we were all starving. It literally took 37 minutes for the food to get to the table. There was only 2 couples there when we got there and they had looked to be waiting for there food too. I went to pay my check and a group of ladies were seated with water. The waiter explained that it was one check only and they can't separate them. The girls made a scene about it and ended up leaving. The old lady behind the bar told the waiter that the girls didn't touch the water as he was busting the table and to put it back in the pitcher. WHAT?! HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE.Our concierge recommended this place, which was a short walk from our hotel. We ate here twice for lunch and wanted to go back. The gumbo was delicious.  Husband had the shrimp po-boy both times two and loved it (I had many of the overflowing shrimp). Seafood platter with catfish, shrimp, crab cake and slaw was delicious. Tavern itself is a little more old fashioned with only 2 TVs and a dozen tables.Wish I could have tried their food, service was horrible, waitress did not want to be there or serve customers. Ended up leaving rather than dealing with the sour attitude.Worst meal ever. I will not ever go back, not even if someone paid me to eat this crap.
Service was horrible. Slow as fuck. I ordered a coke. The lady brought over a sprite. It took forever for the sprite, so I didn't even want to order another drink. Food took even LONGER, which I didn't get. We were the only table there! Then we had to listen to the 60 something year old waitress singing..."let's talk about sex baby".. Seriously. 
As, we were waiting 20 or so minutes in... I'm thinking man.. food's gotta be good if we're waiting this long.... NOPE! I had the chicken fried steak, salty as fuck. How can you call this food? It literally tasted like a spoon full of salt. My bf had the red beans and 'chop. His was overly salted also. 
None of us could stomach anything, left hungry and $70 bucks after 4 drinks and two entrees, plus tip later... money wasted and still hungry.This place is open 24 hrs. You can't beat a place that is open all day. The place had a trolley stop in front, so this place is accessible at anytime!Late night in the Garden District where to eat? Well Yelp and the women at the hotel front desk both pointed me towards St Charles Tavern. Yelp you failed me. The spinach dip tasted funky the chips with it were stale and the boudin balls were somewhat soggy. Wish I would have went to Popeye's or just went to bed and skipped that dining experience all together. In addition the bartender ignored me while I stood at the bar while she was talking to coworkers and then she seemed annoyed when I asked for water. I surely did not ask for a refill for fear that I would interrupt her social hour. Worst part we tipped on the takeout and she still ignored us.I started walking because I was fed up with bourbon Street. A guy with a gun Said, "that's where the locals eat." 11 dollar ribeye??  Yes please!
Needless to say, I got what I paid for, but I loved every moment. This was exactly the local watering hole mom and pop stop I needed! 
Being her here if she like to drink and watch sports!We stumbled in at about 4 in the morning after having spent the evening in the French Quarter. We were slightly hungry and ready for more booze, and let's face it, staying drunk would keep the hangover away. 
We ordered drinks, I don't even remember what they were. I think it was a Crown and Soda and a Jack and Coke. The drinks were cheap and really really REALLY strong. Too strong for 4am and two drunkies who were just trying to stayed buzzed. 
We perused the menu, and everything looked pretty bland and forgettable. We ordered jalapeno poppers. They were alright, but nothing special.
The waitress/bartender was nice, but kept trying to sell us on buying a meal. Or buying something else. Or coming back. It was really off putting.
I wasn't impressed at all, and the only reason they get 2 stars is because they are open 24/7.
Didn't try the breakfast, but according to yelp that seems to be where it's at. Saw a lot of cops cars parked out front on another night; cops tend to know were food is good and cheap. Maybe they know something I don't, like a secret menu where the food actually sounds appetizing.Service was excellent.  Waitress was friendly, funny and attentive.  Started with boudin balls...they were PERFECT.  Girlfriend had breakfast and said it was great.  I had a roast beef poboy that was spot on...hot and sloppy, perfect fresh French bread.  The cherry on top was the fries.  Crinkle cut, cooked to perfection with the right crispiness outside and fully cooked but not mushy on the inside.  Great meal and not overpriced. Go there!Great dive bar restaurant for a quick meal. Had crawfish pies (tasted homemade and had a great marinara dipping sauce), chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes (perfect breading on steak), and lots of drinks (they pour well!). Plus the service was friendly despite the crazy Mardi Gras crowds. We'll be back when we're in the area :)Angela B was awesome!!! She gave us tourists some great advice if things to see while visiting NOLA. Her recommendation of the red beans and catfish was spot on. Fantastic. For a laid back no nonsense place to go, this is a mustGreat food.  Bartenders have heavy hands.  Dinner specials are Wunnerful.Ya know, it really takes a lot for me to complain or become dissatisfied and being that this is my first 1-star review, i honestly don't understand how other people can give this place more than a 2-star rating.  I believe it is embarrassing that this place is part of (or considered) New Orleans cuisine.  It's an enigma how this place exists on the beautiful St. Charles Avenue.  Look if you like disgusting, tasteless food with horrible service, then this is your place.
I was so excited to discover that such a thing as a crawfish étouffée omelet existed, so when i finally got around to getting to this place to try it out, i was rather ecstatic.  This place has been around for quite some time, i believe since 1917 so i figured it'd be a great experience, wrong.
Please understand, i am not a judgmental person, nobody can help the way they look (to a degree).  Our server was hideous, and i don't mean naturally hideous, i mean she looked like she came into work straight off a 72 hour coke/alcohol and god-knows-what-else binge. Her nails were filthy, and it was quite eery knowing that this was the person handling my food. I mean the girl looked like she walked straight off of the set of The Walking Dead.  As a manager there, someone should have at least told her to go home and freshen up, your wait-staff is THEE face of your restaurant, and if management can allow their people to walk into work like that, then they must not care much about anything but a paycheck themselves.
Before i even began to eat, i noticed my silverware looked as if it had been thrown off of a Mardi Gras float, spotty and i even found a piece of food on the backside of my fork.  As i requested a new set of silverware, our waitress had the nerve to cop an attitude, i was so upset with myself for still playing ball here after two strikes before the food even hit the table. I then struck out once it did.
The omelet was simply yuck. absolutely NO taste whatsoever. I don't believe in sending food back so i ate what i could, tipped our waitress, and sped out of there.
Never again.If you're going to go anywhere on Saint Charles, make sure to stop here. It had amazing food and the staff were able to recommend other things as well for sight seeing. This place is the typical bar/ grill place for any family or a group of friends to go to that isn't overpriced and has authentic food.Went during Mardi gras week and had some pretty mediocre watered-down gumbo and a dry fried shrimp po-boy.  Nothing to write home about, but the waitstaff was nice enough and the vibe here is authentic.  I wouldn't make a special trip here, but if you're already on St. Charles, it's decent enough, if a bit overpriced.Came here on a Thursday night with 5ppl, I guess because the waitress, EB, automatically gets 18% gratuity she thought she could do w/e she wanted. My friend asked for cheese on his po-boy it didn't come with it and when he asked about it she had an attitude. My friends salad came with no dressing after she asked for Italian dressing. I specifically asked if the shrimp jambalaya had any other meat in it she told me no its just shrimp then when I get my food there is sausage in it. When I let her no she just grabbed the plate and said well what do you want? Not to mention there was another table of 5 seated after us who ordered after us that got there food 20mins before we did, of course they had a different waitress one that was much more attentive. Not even a sorry. And then she completely messed up our check and then literally threw our change at us!!! The worst experience ever. I would give 0 stars if I could.This is a must go place in New Orleans. Great food. Friendly owners. Authentic place. Try seafood and hamburgers. Open late hours.This place is foul.  The only times I've ever ended up here is after 3 a.m. because my friends were whiny babies.  Drunk and hungry whiny babies.  
Service is always curt and cold.  I get it waitress lady, I would hate dealing with drunk idiots too during these wee hours. but the whole staring at us for several minutes and not making any effort to greet us or instruct us on where to sit is doing it wrong.  
This place feels grimy and moldy - the first time here, we encountered a mutant-sized roach on the windowsill.  He was fearless, that one!  Stared at us the entire time.  I just can't . . . 
I think I was coerced into eating the veggie burger once (allegedly it's the vegan Boca) sans bread and all that.  It was just nuked (I insisted it not be prepared on the griddle with all the meats, I'm still mostly conscientiously vegan when not fully coherent, good for me) and served up with some cold french fries.  My friends usually opted for omelettes and the sort.  None of us ever really enjoy the whole experience, but somehow we kept ending up here - I suppose lack of other Uptown options at 3 a.m.  
Anyway yeah, I guess it's a necessary pit stop if you're in dire need of nourishment after a wicked night of bar hopping and such.  But be forewarned that law enforcement tend to hang out too, so tighten up!Ehh. When you first walk in the door, you get the scent of something like ...old cigarette smoke, baked into the walls over decades.
Service was - okay. Staff cussing amongst each other . Sports TV playing . Traditional fried bar- type foods. 
Dated. Didn't really feel 'clean'.
We had drinks only. They were average.Food was ok. Not all that. The boudin balls could've used more flavoring. This place serves breakfast all day so I got the ham & cheese omelet with grits. The grits were old, I guess from the morning batch. The biscuit was old too. The omelet was just okGreat place to stop for some drunk food on the way home after a night in the FQ. Of course the food is good when you are sober too.  I had the andouille hash browns breakfast the other night and I wasn't drunk and it was delicious!!!my friend and i came here cuz Cooter Browns kitchen was closed. my friend and i enjoyed the neighborhood look and feel of this place.  we were really hungry so we ordered appetizers but to our dismay the 2 dishes that we wanted they were out of (edamame dip and spinach and artichoke dip) so instead we got mozzerela sticks. 
the mozzerela sticks when they came were pretty tasty except it didnt come with marinara sauce which we thought was odd. as an entree my friend ordered the corn beef hash and i ordered the quesidilla. my friends corn beef hash was very chunky not the normal mashed up kind she was used to. she didnt enjoy her meal. my food was fine besides for the underdone potatoes.
when we asked for our check they had charged us for the edamamme and spinach artichoke chip that we never received. we tried to get the attention of our server instead we got the attention of the chef and he promptly voided the charges and gave us the correct bill and apologized for the lack of food supply for the night. kudos chef.
if i return maybe i will try the gigantic spaghetti and meatballs i noticed another patron ordered.So we stumbled upon this place today and decided to go in for breakfast. The service was fine, proprietor was nice enough, but the food was so disappointing. The corned beef had the texture of a sausage, cut in squares, not like brisket. The potatoes were so salty, the grits and gravy for the biscuits were tasteless, really bland. The only decent things were the biscuits and the fried eggs. Good thing NOLA has so many good eateries cause I left most of my food and was ready to continue eating... somewhere else, for sure.We arrived in NOLA late in the evening and went here to grab a bite. We tried the boudin sausage po-boy Sandwich and some beer.  It was very very good! Gotta love 'em Po-Boys! :) 
We ended up going back a few days later for Sunday brunch. We tried the muffaletta with ham and chicken-andouille breakfast. The muffaletta was very good. The chicken-andouille breakfast in my opinion was strictly ok. It was listed as a tavern favourite but I didn't fancy it as much. Thumbs up for the biscuits though :)
This place is open 24/7 and serves breakfast all day all night. The guy who runs the place is real nice and friendly.Love:
- 24 hour bar and restaurant. Perfect for late night food.
- Awesome, big, fluffy omelettes. My friend had the bacon and sausage one and it was probably one of the biggest omelettes I've seen at a restaurant. I had a bite and it was perfect of late night cravings. I had the seafood omelette, and it was stuffed to perfection with crawfish, shrimp, and cheese. It doesn't get better than that.
Hate:
- SLOW SERVICE. We came here 3 times in 7 days, but each time we had to wait over 45 minutes for our food. I don't know if it's their ploy to make us keep buying more and more drinks during our wait, and I know they have a sign that says "BE NICE OR LEAVE!" but it was really straining my patience! They didn't seem to have a lot of cusomters, so the wait was even more maddening!Don't you just love eating late? The food is ok, but the best thing about this place is the atmosphere, and the fact that it is open--always. Do not expect service to be fast, but do expect it to be sassy, and would you have it any other way?