Great for breakfast. A bargain for the French Quarters. Pleasant surprise.Breakfast here was seriously amazing. There was a half hour wait but they will text you when your table is almost ready and there is so much to do in Jackson square, it was nbd.  The staff was friendly and funny. They were also great with suggestions. The bloody Mary's were probably the best I've tasted.  Their "Stanley smash" is the reason in writing, however.  It was the lightest, most refreshing beverage.  It's a mix of three teas and vodka.  Soooooo amazing!  Try it- you won't be sorry.  
The only thing we didn't like was they potato salad. Not bad just a little bland and not inline with the tastiness of their other dishes.A must visit every time I'm in New Orleans which is once a year. The Breaux Bridge Benedict is my personal fav, but any Bennie from Stanley is a friend of mine. Word of warning Stanley is super popular so try to avoid breakfast and lunch rushes.This place was dynamite!  Went on a Saturday morning at 10:30 (prime time), waited about 20 minutes for our reservation, but enjoyed the square while we waited.  Coffee was great, thick and dark.  I had Eggs Benedict poor boy and it was a madman!  They bring it out on two giant crusty slabs of French bread - poached eggs, bacon/ham, and the Creole Hollandaise!  That stuff was off the freaking hook.  Service was excellent - they move 'em in and move 'em out yet I never felt rushed.  It was just a perfect experience.  Crazy crazy crazy good and the fact that it sits right on the square (and therefore could probably draw traffic with just a half effort) makes it even better.  Boo-freaking-yah!This was really the best eggs benedict I've had!  We had the Breaux bridge Benedict with a side of soft shell crab and fried oysters.  The presentation was just beautiful and everything was perfectly prepared.  Servers were great, kept coming back to check on us at the right time.  And we loved the music, it was a great electric mix of alternative, rock, and country gospel.  We laughed since the morning prior we ate at a terrible place, and had no idea Stanley's was just a few doors down - go figure!Fantastic unpretentious gem. Ate the standard gumbo which I found to be slightly less flavourful but great in terms of the proportion of meat versus the onions. My wife had the muffaletta which she said was delicious. 
The best part was the Bananas Foster ice cream. Definitely coming back for that again.
Also loved the fact that their wait staff just used iPhones with a credit card swipe. Made the payment experience a lot more pleasant and paper free.Delicious breakfast in casual environment and reasonable prices.  Had the bananas foster French toast, which was good.  The eggs Benedict and other breakfast items looked delicious if not in such a sweet tooth mood.Culinary brilliance abounds at Stanley.  I had the best Eggs Benedict of my life here.  Two perfect soft poached eggs atop two soft mini sourdough baguettes, drizzled with hollandaise sauce, with little bits a pastrami around the base.  Not only did it taste great, but it looked like a work of art.  My wife got the corned beef which was also amazing.  
The service was great and it's located just off of Jackson Square, which makes for a nice view.  5 stars.Came twice during my recent trip to NOLA (my boyfriend loved their fried oyster eggs Benedict), however I was unfortunately unimpressed on both visits. 
I got the banana foster french toast on the first visit, which was fine but nothing special. On the second visit I got a bowl of gumbo because I was feeling sick and wanted something more soupy. The Gumbo was incredibly salty and had very little in it. It felt more like a soup in how watery it was, but more like a chili in how salty it was (which I've learned is not a good combination). Worse was that it came served with two thin slices of white bread, completely soggy from having been served already in the bowl. 
Had he requested to go a third time I'd have had to say no.One of us was happy with the meal and the other not so much. One of us asked to substitute the Canadian Ham for Spinach on the Soft Shell Crab Eggs Benedict and the Spinach came out uncooked; like a salad. She was expecting cooked spinach that would have been put on the muffin. The other of us liked the same meal very much as on menu. Service was excellent. Tables a bit tight especially being next to some loud folks who gave no mind to anyone else there. All in all a very fun, enjoyable spot to pick up Sunday brunch.I can honestly say I'm not a fan of New Orleans food but Stanley's is the single best place I went to my entire week-long stay in the French Quarter. 
One major lesson I learned in NOLA: DO NOT trust a majority of yelp reviews for places! (San Diego is much different) 
Okay. Now, let's get to it: 
Came here for brunch. Pleasantly surprised by the amazing service - JOE (thank you so much!) and the good food: 
1. Grits with bacon and cheese - best grits in town, hands down. 
2. Gumbo with potato salad - against Joe's recommendation, I got the potato salad on the side. But after trying it, I ended up throwing it in the gumbo NOLA style anyway. So good! 
Thanks for the brunch & great service.I'm gonna have to update my review to 5 stars... My husband and I went there again this morning. (Two days in a row...yes!) 
I had Banana Fosters French toast. OMG it was so good I wanted to lick the plate. 
Yum yum yum. Highly recommended.This place is ok, but way overrated. You're in the French quarter. Step it up, Stanley. Stanley is about as bland as the character of the same name from the office. 
So first off, the line is atrocious. I sweated through a very thick shirt while waiting over an hour to get in here. I also got through the cafe du monde line and ate my beignets before getting through the line. Waiting in this line took so long that the Germans have made a Stanley line-waiting simulator.
Once we got in, the waitress apparently hated us. It was too cool for us, rather. She loved to not talk to us. She barely bothered to take our order. That part was fun. 
As long as the food is good right? Nah, the food was meh, at best. I got the pastrami corned beef hash, and let me tell you, this plate was beautiful. I had one beignet all day and it was past noon and this only made me hungrier. Potatoes topped with meat and eggs, and then a beautiful, colorful sauce layered on top. It was perfect. I took a bite of the potatoes... Flavorless mush. Huh. They looked seasoned, but didn't taste like it. And no crispness at all. Ok, whatever. The pastrami? It was under seasoned too. So I have potatoes and meat that when combined taste like a redneck thanksgiving, complete with horse meat. Ech. Surely the sauce will save it! Wait... Is this sauce just paste with food coloring? It literally tastes like nothing. It is there for texture only, it seems. 
Ok, so after that we ordered the banana split. It wasn't anything special, but it was cool enough that it made me not think about my shirt which was actually fused with my skin at this point. And it distracted me from the fact that I just paid to have a nursing home dinner fed to me.
2/5 partially saved by by mediocre banana split.Before we went into this place, someone told us it was "insanely good"! He couldn't have been more wrong. We both ordered he Stanley Classic breakfast without the bacon and plus cheese. I've never had creole potatoes but my guess is they are better elsewhere. They were a really mushy version of hash browns. The eggs were good and the coffee was good. But not insanely good. The biggest plus was that our server was very friendly and attentive.I had the (NOT- just topped with uncooked bananas) Banana Foster French Toast - the serving was miniscual and expensive, it was swimming in syrup and looked and tasted like it was made the day before - really awful!  Maybe they do other things better...
Also, had the worst seat in the house by the stairs to the bathroom.  I would have objected, but my friend took the table before/without me :(I was lucky enough to come back to New Orleans for a conference in February, and I dragged the whole office to Stanley for breakfast one morning.  "Trust me" I told them.  We had a 30-minute wait when we got to Stanley.  "Trust me" I told them as they griped.
They all ended up eating at Stanley at least twice more in the few days we were there.  We covered the entire menu, and absolutely everything is drool-worthy.
My favorite restaurant in town.Brunch on a Monday includes a double decked  cheeseburger and sweet potato fries. My friends both had Jambalaya and salads. Coffee was a bit too rich (even with cream it was nearly black) and the service a bit slow. Although lovely location with a warm feel right on Jackson Square.Service was as expected, nothing over the top but they see hundreds of tourists a day...
The breakfast menu was really nice, easy to make a decision because it is somewhat limited as compared to something like the Ruby Slipper. Over a weekend we ended up having the omelette sandwich which was incredible and hit the spot for a simple sandwich with a little flare. We also had the pastrami and corned beef hash as well as the eggs Benedict po boy. Both were off the chart, french bread was really, really good. 
Bloody Mary left much to be desired, but wasn't a waste. It looked like it was bottled mix, too many good flavors down here to use a mix...I did not have one the following visits. 
We heard that the other meals were great but we only visited this for a few breakfasts as it is about a 60 second walk from Place D'Armes. 
Everyone should download the NoWait app in this town, a lot of places use it and you can see line lengths and your position in line so you don't waste your time just standing around. It just shoots you a text message when your table is ready and you have 5-10 minutes to either text back or show up.
Give it a try, no reason not too, we really liked the food.Always top notch. Manager, Tabatha, helpful, pleasant and a great person.
Breakfasts can't be topped in the Quarter.Get there earlier than you want to eat and put your name in. Love that they'll text you when your table is ready so you can walk around the square. Cocktails were solid, service was impeccable and - oh yeah - the food was delish. The soft-shell crab po boy was amazing, as was the omelette sandwich with "The Works." (They actually forgot my bacon in the omelette, but it was so good I didn't care.) They have a bar next door where you can get sandwiches, cocktails, etc to go, too. (Cocktail to go while you stroll the Square and wait for the text from the hostess? Yes, please!) This was a fave of the friends we were with and I could see why. I'll be back.Best reuben I've ever had.  Was in town for a bachelor party, and went here for lunch on a Saturday.  The reuben was so good that I came back for lunch the next day.  Absolutely Mouthwatering.Great restaurant right on Jackson square. The waitress and workers were very nice.  We enjoyed their music and had street performers outside. Great environment. Great milk shakesWe skipped Cafe Du Mond and went to Stanley as it had great reviews as well. Were not disappointed! Cozy atmosphere and friendly staff. The food was prepared quickly and was very fresh. The Latte was exactly what I needed that Niger going for the day. I would return to this place and might be a regular if I lived or worked in the area.The food was mediocre. The service was rude. The ladies room was a mess. Totally unimpressed.Absolutely LOVE Stanley. This is my jam every time I come to Nola.
The Benedict with the boudin is Out Of This World!! I don't even like holondaise sauce but something about the Southern French style is wonderful. DEFINITELY get the Stanley Screamer - it's herbal teas with a a Firefly-like vodka. It is SO refreshing that I have tried to make it at home and it never comes out as good. Get a 2nd or 3rd one to-go!Surprisingly good! I assumed that the location would mean so-so food (its right in the middle of our most touristy areas).  Eggs Stanley was divine!  Tip: download the "Nowait" app to get in line before you arrive.Please go here. My friend and I went on a Sunday in August, at about 12:30pm. The wait was 15 minutes, but I have read reviews that there can be a much longer wait. We were very lucky. We went with the intention of ordering brunch, they serve breakfast all day. I was going to get the bananas foster French toast, which I'm sure would have been amazing, but we both ended up with burgers instead. You know, sometimes, you just want a burger. I had the Bacon double cheeseburger (it's called something 77). Oh please get this. I originally ordered it with the relish on the side (I'm a bit of a picky eater), but when it came out, I just poured everything onto the burger and went for it. The 2 patties were nice and thin, so it wasn't impossible to eat. Though, with all the toppings and sauce, it was a bit messy. I had a side of sweet potato fries, which were very good. Again, as I've experienced in NOLA, there was no sweet tea. I had a coke. My friend had the regular double cheeseburger with regular fries. Again, looked fantastic. We had a table right at the window, looking out at the church and the square. Great place for people watching. Even if there is a long wait, they text you when your table is ready, so you can shop in the little shops right along that area while you wait. Our waiter was awesome, he was very friendly (I think his name was Bill) and he was very helpful. We asked him what we should do that afternoon since we had already done most of what the Quarter had to offer and he had some good suggestions. I'm sure he answers questions like that all day err day, but he didn't seem to mind at all. Also, the bathroom was very clean.Came here for a late breakfast and it was really good! Service was quick, food was tasty, we were in and out in about 30 minutes. I had the bananas foster french toast with a side of their creole potatoes, which were both delicious, and my husband and mother in-law had omelette sandwiches, which they chowed down. The only thing I wish is they had were a few more breakfast options, but overall, we had a pleasant experience!My family & I visited New Orleans this past weekend. I used Yelp to find the best restaurant & Stanley was top rated. Once we entered we were greeted. The waiter Ashley was very rude. She asked us what we wanted to drink, at that time we did not want anything. Once she came back we was ready to order drinks. She said very rudely," well now I have to redo the entire menu". With the service we had with Ashley I will not recommend this restaurant. For the cost and service it should have been better.While in New Orleans my girlfriend and I tried out Stanley I ordered the Eggs Benedict po'boy. The Benedict was okay, the hollandaise sauce was very runny the ham was so thin there was more bread then anything. The eggs were cooked perfectly for meal. My food was mediocre at best. My girlfriends breakfast was banana foster she loved it and I tried some it was really good. If I ever ate Stanley's again that's what I would order. Our waiter was okay as well nothing special got our drinks slower then average and it was just 1 hot coffee and one cold coffee nothing to hard.Good breakfast choice if you find yourself around Jackson Square and don't want to fight the powdered sugar crowd at Cafe DuMonde.  We had Eggs Benedict and the Omelette sandwich. Both were tasty.  The ambience is good, and a window seat lets you watch the street performers, in our case, 2 magicians, while you dine.  Definitely on my New Orleans favorites list.We visited this place out of opportunity: it started pouring rain so we decided to go in and get a coffee and wait out the storm. 
While we did not eat here we had looked at the menu online and had seriously considered it for breakfast. 
I had a coffee, my gf had a milkshake with liquor of some kind in it. That was a big upsell win because it was the difference between a $2.50 coffee  that I expected to pay and a $10 drink that I ended up getting for her. She liked it well enough.
The service staff was not at all attentive though. Would have been 3 stars if not for that.Stanley is my go-to for eggs benny when in NOLA. It's well located on the edge of Jackson Square across the stress from Muriel's in the French Quarter.
Food: Amazeballs! Especially if you love eggs benedict. On this trip we ordered the Stella and the Beaux Bridges. The Stella is two perfectly poached eggs covered in a sublime hollandaise, sitting atop English muffins with a deep fried soft shell crab parked next to it. Beaux Bridges has the similar eggs and hollandaise served on top of boudin (local sausage) and French bread. We split the email to share each dish. Add a side of bacon and cheese grits as it's also equally delicious. Top off your meal with a cup of cafe au lait. 
Service: We were greeted and seated quickly, and water was brought to us as we were sitting down! Meals come out quickly, and water glasses are refilled just as efficiently. Coffee is topped up, and everyone is friendly and helpful. 
Cost: Two breakfasts, a side, and two coffees ran us about $30 after tax. 
Overall: Not to be missed. Weekends can be busy, however, you can make reservations directly from the Yelp! app, which is amazing.Good Oyster Po Boys.. Burgers were so so
Fries awesome! Good Grits ! Clean and hospitable but not awesome.Shrimp poor boy ($13.50) was yummy. Finishable size. Husband wasn't impressed with the shrimp eltouffe ($17.00). (" needs more flavor") Potato salad was good, but the type with huge chunks potatoes which weren't fully cooked in the middle. White Russian milkshake ($12.50) was yummmmay. 
Called and were told 45min wait. Can't put name on list from phone or make a reservation. We arrive 10min later and are seated right away... 
Good location. A little on the tight side, but more cozy than squished crowded. Very nice servers. 
Things to note: bathrooms on the second floor. Servers run your credit card from their phones tableside. All sides are extra--about $4 each, so bill adds up!!Unbelievably delicious. I had the small gumbo and added the bacon & cheese grits. It was beyond good. I wish it came with corn bread rather than plain Italian bread. I can get bread in NY. Other than that it was perfect. Seasoned well. The meat and oysters in the gumbo were perfectly cooked.I had the eggs Stanley. It was good but they're stingy on the oysters, especially for the price. If it came with more oysters I would have given it a 5 star.I still have mixed feelings. 
We arrived at peak lunch-time on a Sunday and only had to wait ten minutes, though it was busy and pleasantly crowded. If you want to avoid the crowd though -- and this is particularly recommendable for groups of more than two people -- come after 1pm when the bulk of it has dispersed. The host and waiters that greeted and serviced us were friendly and savvy, though nothing remarkable. 
My Stanely burger was delicious, but I can't say that it's unique to this venue. It was certainly a relieving break from the Cajun goodness. My boyfriend had the Soft Shell Crab poboy and didn't like it -- I tried a bite and found it quite scrumptious, so I suppose it's a matter of taste. It's essentially whole fried crab with cocktail sauce and spicy remoulade dressing on bread, sandwich-style. Hearty meal. 
The venue itself is comfortable: small French-cafe tables and high ceilings, spacious hall with many windows and a lot of light, generally more contemporary than most French Quarter restaurants, and a bar in the center looking onto the open kitchen. 
Since mid-August heat is quite unbearable for extended periods of time, particularly when you're digesting food and sipping red wine, I must admit that I would have enjoyed some much-needed air conditioning rather than the overhead ceiling fans -- which weren't quite doing the trick. But hurrah for being environmentally-friendly!
Speaking of environmentally-friendly...Stanley is so green, in fact, that the establishment even hosts local fauna. Yes, I witnessed a cockroach scurry from, onto, and in between patrons, climb on the bar foot-rest, and disappear into a crevice. While I'm perfectly aware that these critters frequent essentially every restaurant and city -- despite our (fortunate) oblivion to them -- and particularly where humid heat, crowds, and food co-exist in close quarters, the unpleasant sight still tarnished the overall experience.
The bill was a touch expensive for two average entrees, a glass of wine, a bottle of water, and a mediocre chocolate milkshake ($50 pre-tip). Conveniently located on a corner of Jackson Square. Dress code is casual.
Can't say that I recommend Stanley when there's so many other tasty options in the French Quarter.After a failed experience at cafe du monde we headed to Stanley not knowing what we were in for. Good thing we tried it out. It was exactly what I was looking for. Friendly service, quick service and efficient service. I got the pancakes (3) with home made Ice cream on top. A definite first for me. When checking out if your paying by card they use and ipod to swipe and then have you sign on it with a provided stylus. A place up with the times. 
I only dock a star for the portion provided. Only pancakes wasn't the best, a side being offered would be nice. This is just a preference.Not sure what the hype is all about. Standard buffet food served without the buffet. Decent but not for the wait and the price.Good food but not hot enough..a little cool when served. Coffee has chicory which is great. Good service. A definite breakfast spot!I had to wait two hours so at the time I wasn't in the mood for brunch food. I settled with the Ruben which was really good if you are a ruben lover like me. Sweet potatoes were good and fresh. The only complaint is the wait time which is totally understandable since this place is known for their brunch food.! We came all the way from Detroit to have Stanley's coffee. Wes was the best server we had and he answered all of our tourists questions !! Thanks Wes you're the best !!! We recommend Stanley's to everyone !Great service but terrible food. Don't let the slick website fool you. Overly salted and overly greasy food is also overpriced for what you receive. A shame as it's a great location, and our waitress was wonderful. Won't be back.My friend (a local) brought me here when I came to visit. This is one of his favorite spots. I had read the menu prior to arrival and was ready. We called ahead to see the wait time 5 minuets prior to our arrival as we were walking. We were told there was no wait. We arrived promptly and there was no seating available and we were asked to wait outside as the only room to wait blocks the main entrance we returned outside to kill time. As guests exited we returned, saw open tables and were excited only to be told to wait outside until they called us on the phone ‍ Finally the call came and we were seated and hungry  
We were seated and ordered. Between the four of us we had the red beans and rice, the omelette sandwich, soup of the day (corn chowder) and the Breaux Bridge Benedict. PHENOMENAL FOOD! All of the entrees. The Benedict was cooked perfectly and the boudin was delicious. The corn chowder was hearty and super flavorful with bacon  inside. The pecan bacon on the omelette sandwich  put a 10 on the cheesy goodness. 
Due to the seating and service is the only reason they did not receive five stars from me. Enjoy the food, pickup and take out or brave the cramped seating and mediocre service for one of the best breakfasts  I've had here all week.Service wasn't as fast considering the restaurant wasn't even packed, but the food was really good. I had the red beans and rice and a soft shell crab on the side. The red beans and rice was perfectly spiced and not salty as all. I love soft shell crab and Stanley's version did not disappoint. I could have used a refill on my water which did not happen until I was able to finally wave down one of the waiters.3.5 stars. Pretty good brunch spot. Service was so-so. Had to wave someone down for a while to ask for the check and etc. But they always refilled our water timely. The food wasn't bad. Enjoyed the Benedict with the soft shell crab and oysters but the poached eggs were really vinegar-y. The banana fosters were pretty good too! We ordered a side of bacon (cost us 4$) and it was the thinnest two strips of bacon ever. Two strips for 4$??? Confusion is still to be had over this.The atmosphere was enjoyable as the staff greeted us with smiles. My wife had the Stanley Classic and I had the French Toast. There is something about having ice cream on your French to that complete this tasty classic. Served with bananas and walnuts. The classic had a combination of eggs, best freaking bacon, Cajun style hashbrowns, toast. The coffee they served us would have made our grandmother proud! The prices were comparable to other restaurants in the area. If you get a chance you should add Stanley to your places to try.Came here for brunch one day when I was wanting eggs benedict. Service was very aloof and confused (got asked a couple times by different people for our order after we had given it to another server, then didn't get waters until half way through the meal). The food was fine. Nothing to write home about. I felt like everything about the restaurant was to funnel people in and out as fast as possible while serving up over-priced dishes and drinks (ie. strictly a money machine). 
I wouldn't go back to this soulless, formulaic, tourist restaurant. 
I would be much happier forking over the cab fare to the Country Club any day.Skip the tourist trap on another corner of Jackson Square & hit up "Stanley"! My son ordered the pancakes, & it comes topped with a scoop of homemade vanilla ice cream. That was a hit. I got Gumbo for breakfast, & it was great. Friendly servers, good food, & a great atmosphere.We did breakfast here. I had the fried oyster salad which was delectable and the service was spot on... My 4 star review rather than 5 is simply because their pancakes were very disappointing. In New Orleans I expect those super fluffy sweet cream dreams that everyone serves. These were quite ordinary although packed with blueberries. Bring on the sensational New Orleans pancakes guys!!! I never even use syrup because the cakes are so perfect.Maybe we came at a busy time,  but I expected my experience to be better. 
Service was a bit slow,  waiting for utensils, etc. Food came promptly. 
The Banana Foster French Toast was good,  but I wouldn't say it is a repeater.
The Breaux Bridge Benedict was pretty good,  but again, I wouldn't say it is a repeater. 
The Gumbo was delish.  I like heat. It was more watery than other gumbos I've had in the past.  Maybe this is more authentic? 
We also had fried oysters as a side. Delicious fried goodness with a kicking sauce. Note: 7 fried oysters for $7.
Overall, not a bad place in a great location.  But there isn't anything grabbing me to return.I stumbled on this place while walking around the French Quarter, mostly because it started to rain. I'm really glad I did! My only regret is I didn't try it for breakfast as I hear it's awesome (and served all day). I had a crab po-boy. The sauce! The cole-slaw! What an explosion of flavor. I usually don't like cole slaw but this by far made this the best po-boy I tried in New Orleans. A bit pricey for a sandwich but I thoroughly enjoyed it.Like most of the posts, I am in love with the sea food platter and the beaux Bridge Benedict... Hubster and I had both and we're not disappointed at all.. the menu is not vast and that in itself is a good thing as the place tends to focus on making whatever they have on the menu, the best possible way... service etc all quite prompt.. there's a bit of a wait, but nothing which you can't keep track of on Yelp!We are so disappointed. We checked a lot before we finally saved the last day in NOLA's brunch for this restaurant. We were offered several extra plates to share some of the dishes. The first four they brought had a kind of leaf left on one of them, and I don't think it has been washed carefully, it's really gross. Then they brought another four, this time, something white left on one of the plate. It's really a bad experience during the whole trip. Will never come back again!!!We shared the muffuletta and the gumbo, with an apple fritter afterwards. "Normal" sized sandwiches (not humongous), the muffuletta was fresh and not too oily. The gumbo was savory with perfectly cooked shrimp and bread well matched for soaking up the jus.  For some it might be too salty, but I found it flavorful. Clean, delicious, and won't rob your bank account. Can't wait to go back and try more off the menu.If you need 4,000 calories to fix a hangover the bananas foster smells like Christmas and makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside. It can also erase any memory of regret and debauchery. The staff is as warm and friendly and will offer you a delicious brunch beverage to go. Any seat is a good seat and makes you miss New Orleans before you even left. Disclaimer: I've had a large mimosa and the bananas foster so everything and everyone is wonderful right now.Great service. Great location. Great food. Possibly the best gumbo I've had in my life. Food came out insanely fast. So fast that it's kind of troubling. Like did someone else order this and they didn't want it?? Food service in New Orleans is very fast in general though. 
It's a little on the pricey side, but it's worth it. I got the Eggs Stanley. Basically like an Eggs Benny with fried oysters instead of canadian bacon. The hollandaise was excellent and had a nice lemon flavor to compliment the oysters a little more than a traditional one would. I was surprised it didn't come with any type of starch for 14 dollars, but I guess this place just wants you to order that stuff a la carte. As previously mentioned the gumbo here is nutso bonkers. Great dark roux full of flavor but having a thinner soupier consistency than most. 
The place is right in Jackson Square so expect some decent people watching any time of day.Last place I ate at on this trip to NO, and best of the lot for lunch. I had a muffuletta with sweet potato fries and a bowl of alligator gumbo; the NOLA version of comfort food. If you sit by the the windows, you get free entertainment as well; the action around Jackson Square never ends.My wife and I enjoyed the breakfast spot in the french quarter. The breakfast sandwich had me sing, "Kiki do you love me?" As it had me in my feelings. Great spot in the french quarter, wait time can be a little long but you can go to the museum and waste some time or sit in Jackson square as we did.Busy place in Jackson Square - Food is overpriced service at bar was very good, food was mediocre though came on time 
Touristy place - nothing speciala great place! i was on vacation and that's enough reason to be a glutton, i think.  i got the breaux bridge benedict to be all New Orleans-like and i liked it a lot! typically boudin isn't really my thing but i think it worked in this dish for me. and i was extra greedy and got the bananas foster french toast too. ice cream in the morning? hells yes! it was super sweet and just what i expected it to be. the staff was nice and pretty attentive. i would recommend it to anybody going to New Orleans and hanging in the french quarter during the brunch hours.Came here with a group of 6. Waitress was good and prompt. I had the French toast and I was not impressed. Like they took a whole bucket of cinnamon toast and dumped it on bread. However to be fair I polled the table and they would give it a four vs. three so the table wins. Some other comments from the table is that the French toast had a lot of cinnamon and it made the taste redundant but that they would still make give it an excellent. Everyone at the table would rate their meal a four or a four and a half. Some other things at the table include the pancakes, the soft crab, and the Stanley Classic.Basically amazing. In NOLA for 4 days with the GF and swung through here for Sunday brunch. The food was outrageously good. She got the omelette sandwich and I got the Breaux Bridge. We were both very happy. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the flavors were great. The only real issue was the wait. It was nothing compared to Cafe du Monde but still long. Luckily there's a lot to see just walking around nearby. 
I highly recommend the shakes as well. We got the Irish Coffee one and it was great.Great food. Loved the cheesy grits and their Reuben sandwich was fabulous. The eggs Stanley was something you should only have in NOLA, awesome.Located in the heart of the French Quarter, Stanley Restaurant accomplishes in providing delicious creole favors that will satisfying those looking for an authentic New Orlean's meal. With the combination of famous dishes found in Louisiana and other modern cuisines, there is something for everyone. The waiting time was acceptable and not bad at all. Would definitively recommend.While we were a little disappointed that they were out of oysters for our visit, the friendly and prompt service, above average Bloody Mary and Fantastic Breaux Bridge Benedicts definitely made up for it. Definitely a great place for breakfast and brunch if you're in the Jackson Square area.The only reason I gave this a 4 stars is because I feel like the service had a little be of attitude. Other then that the food was great the pancakes were normal pancakes nothing crazy but they were yummy. I got the eggs Benedict  and they were perfect. The mimosa was strong for me but I'm always a light weight lol. Busy place right next to Jackson square. It was also in a great location because you could walk around and shop after.Friendly service. Wonderful location. Unfortunately we had to sit right in front of construction equipment outside. But that's temporary. Had Eggs Stanley and Bananas Foster French Toast. Oysters in the Eggs Stanley were absolutely perfect. Ice cream in the French Toast had to be homemade. The vanilla taste was so smooth.The staff was very pleasant and treated us like family. The Breaux Bridge Benedict was simply to die for.I got the bananas foster French toast. It was so delicious! Definitely recommend this place!I got the Eggs Benedict Poor Boy. I give the food 2 stars and the service 1 star. The waitress was okay but the fact the manager stood by the bar throughout our entire experience and didn't stop to tend to our concerns... terrible. The grits were cold and we waited too long for the check on a Monday. Disappointed.Recommended by the hotel.  Had to wait 30 min for lunch, so our expectations were high.  Gumbo - nicely done, generous amt of shrimp.  Oyster as well as korean bbq po-boys - ok, could had used more meat on the poboy.  A bit pricey for lunch.Three words.
BREAUX BRIDGE BENEDICT.
The boudin was this amazing ball of melt in your mouth pulled pork lightly fried with rice and spices. Perfectly poached eggs on top of the boudin on top of toasted baguette slices, with american cheddar cheese. It was so yum!! Good serving size.
Double mimosas are the best. Lattes aren't very good. But I'm not coming to Stanley for coffee!!!!The breaux bridge Benedict was amazing, had no idea what to expect from a boudin Benedict as I've never had boudin before and was pleasantly surprised. That with the chicory root coffee was to die for. Highly recommend to anyone in the area!Super quick in to a table on Thursday morning. No wait at all.
Mega Mary was FANTASTIC.
Boudin benedict with fried oysters.. increddddible.
Dining companion did lunch, the thanksgiving turkey sandwich. Also amazing.
This is a MUST GO place for breakfast if staying near Bourbon.Good at any time of the day. Inexpensive, fresh, friendly, and a great view of the French Quarter.Great breakfast and brunch! Wonderful waitress and nice atmosphere! If me and my wife are ever back in NOLA we will definitely be back! It was also great to be so close to the Andrew Jackson park.Husband and I came here for breakfast. We don't really like seafood/he's allergic to it so we both opted for the club sandwich. It was mediocre at best. The bread was terribly mushy and barely toasted. I hated the ham in the sandwich (I actually picked it out) because it overpowered everything else and I wasn't a big fan of the Swiss cheese either. Somehow the flavors didn't work together. The turkey breast was actually just deli meat, not grilled turkey breast. My bacon was actually burnt.
Please note, the sandwich was cold (even though club sandwiches are usually hot and it was on the lunch menu)... I usually love club sandwiches so this was really disappointing. Our server was really nice though, thus the 2*...
We won't be coming back though.We had the hose breakfast - eggs Benedict with corn crusted oysters - delicious. 
15 min wait but once sat down the service was fast, efficient and courteous. 
Happy to wait for a table to receive rod and serve like this.  
Highly recommended