Upside: Decent Starbucks in a great location with pleasant employees and nice interior decorating. 
Downside: Often quite crammed on weekends, wi-fi can be pretty slow. Bathrooms only function about 50% of the time.I'm giving this Starbucks and the morning crew (Friday, September 14) -  5 stars for handling over 100 people in their store at one time in a calm and professional manner. When I first walked in and saw more than 30 + people in line and another 30 + people waiting for their orders, I almost walked out. But since I had time, I decided to stay for the show. The barista who appears to be the manager had all her staff working like a fine tuned clock. There was no yelling, no screaming, no complaining just smiles and apologies for the delays as they worked with a few flustered customers and the hundreds of coffee and food orders. Yes the wait was long, but they got the job done as best as possible with no drama. Starbucks should show all there stores how to operate under such stressful-demanding conditions. I've seen horrible service at other Starbucks with just a dozen people in the store. This morning crew deserves a bonus and it shows how important it is to have the right person as a manager.After reading the other reviews, I am figuring out why people are always taking pictures of the inside of the store. I go often to study and I've noticed the picture-taking and always wondered why. Anyway! The store itself is super clean (which it should be, since it's brand new). 
The staff are all really friendly (particularly the blonde girl with a long ponytail, the guy with gauges in his ears, and the brunette with glasses). After being charged 3 different prices for the same drink, one of them finally told me how to order it so that I get a consistent price, which was nice of them. I like that the bathroom door has a key code on it so that random people can't wander in and use it.  My only complaint is that sometimes it can take a looong time to get a drink. I assume they're still working out the kinks, because sometimes the cashier will switch in the middle of an order and go over to make drinks. This would definitely be a 5 star Starbucks if the drinks came out more quickly. There are plenty of spots to settle in and study and of course, there's free wi-fi. What more could you want?BEWARE OF CUSTOMER SERVICE-----Oh my goodness, I hate to give a Starbucks a SINGLE star review but truly I feel it only fair to let others know about this particular Starbucks. Of course it delivers everything you want: ambience, the coffee choices, the convenient location and the great prices. That's kind of in-the-bag. What I look for in Starbucks is the customer service I expect too. As a visitor to the city of New Orleans and a devout Starbucks drinker (I travel all over the world), I came in with my husband and we were NOT greeted by a friendly employee. She did NOT smile (once) nor greet us with kindness but rather looked ticked off that we ordered the most expensive grilled cheese sandwich on the menu (probably because she had to heat it up...?). No smiles, no Thank you. We bought juices too. A total order of $20.
Then, I realized that I forgot to order some water with our order and I went up to the counter and after being very polite and not interrupting anyone, I softly asked a person behind the counter if it was possible to get a cup of water. The other employer said, "Don't ask me, I'm in training". This was not the same person who was at the register. I said "Well I'm sorry, but how could I have possibly know this? Don't you work here?" She shuffled off and ignored me! I then asked a THIRD employee behind the counter who was friendly with the Barrista only and not to other customers and she gave me dirty look and said "Just wait a minute". I stood there for over five minutes and she continued to make drinks, and help other customers. I went back to my table and my husband asked if I was able to get my water. I said no. He got up and then went to the Barrister and then he noticed that a water was on the counter. Apparently, she had made it and just left it on the counter not bothering to let us know. I'm sorry if this sounds stupid for me being upset over a few unfriendly employees and a water request, but I just expect so much MORE from a Starbucks. This just stood out in my mind as a total unusual store and such a bad experience. I won't go back to this store. I'll try others instead.Crazy busy and seemed understaffed on a Sunday morning at 11:00. It is a beautiful space with free WiFi if you don't mind the 12 - 15 minute wait.Cool starbucks in downtown NOLA. The inside is really old looking and unique (not old as in dirty, as in actually vintage) and there is a bunch of seating. The lines here can get SUPER long so service is sometimes slow but the drinks are right and it's in a great location. Typical Starbucks fare!My favorite Starbucks of all! It is such a beautiful building inside and out. What they did to the inside of the place is amazing. It makes me want to hang out there and just people watch even though I have to get back to work. The staff there is super friends and they seem like they really take pride in preparing great beverages, even when the place has a line almost out of the door. I love the wall of coffee and coffee drinking accessories when you walk in. It's hard to resist buying some of that stuff when you are waiting in line. The case that the pastries is in is very pleasing to the eye. Thank god they have the Calories posted next to each type of goodie or I might put some weight on from my frequency of visitation. It's nice to look at, not nice to my waist line. Although I would like to suggest to the owner of that location that it would be awesome if they had some kind of deal with a nearby bakery that provided them with King Cake, but I don't know, Starbucks probably has a conglomerate code that would interfere with that kind of thing.Very busy and not the fastest location but still friendly and good drinks. It seems to be always busy so don't expect a quite place. Very central located on canal street. It's a Starbucks with a jazzy New Orleans feel.We had a terrible experience with 2 employees at this Starbucks (Molasses and Gabriel). They were extremely rude, slow and unprofessional. They made the wrong drink and reacted as of it was the customers fault. So unlike any Starbucks I've ever been in. Take my advice and walk another block to the Sheraton and use their Starbucks.Quick and easy-- unless you are driving. This Starbucks is in the heart of tourist traps. There is no parking around. I walked here from my hotel. The line was a bit long so I was worried it would take forever. They were quick and got my order right. That's really all I can ask for.You can never go wrong at a Starbucks, they are always consistent. Since this place is on Canal it gets crowded, but the line goes fast. There is an assembly line attitude here and the employees are hustling.This is the Starbucks at 700 Canal Street at St. Charles Avenue. It is a reserve store and pretty basic for a Starbucks. The coffee and other beverages are delicious and a decent size. The staff and baristas are amazing. The shop is pretty spacious. It is in the heart of the tourist district so there are times when it is very busy. Especially on the weekend and when events and conventions are in town. There is a code to use the facilities but once you make a purchase the baristas are happy to give it to you. The food is decent for a quick snack or grab and go. The menu isn't extensive but there's something to love. This is the Starbucks I regularly come to. It's the closest one to my home. I truly love this Starbucks!!!!Fantastic Starbucks for getting work done! Outlets are a little spotty, but lots of spacious seating, and a nice atmosphere. Baristas are not bad (Starbucks quality here, if you know what I mean), and they usually play good music- a mix of all sorts of stuff.Wasn't much of a line, but it took a long time for my drink.  One worker on her phone the whole time.
Otherwise it's a nice location.This has to be the coolest Sbucks I've ever visited. The use of brass horns for lighting to the works of art by local artisans is amazing. This store is a reserve store giving the chance to enjoy truly special blends either by the cup or bag. A must see for Starbucks fans. The staff is super friendly & always there to help. Take a moment to enjoy it all while visiting this wonderfully unique city.I usually love Starbucks.  This Starbucks was disappointing on several levels.  The coffee was weak and not as good as other Starbucks. It is ALWAYS busy,  which isn't a problem.  The ambience is cute and clean. This store has the worst service I have ever seen.  On two separate occasions, I had an issue with Sam, the barista.  The first time she made my drink wrong, argued with me about it, and then threw it in the sink (making a mess) and rolled her eyes.  The second time she was condescending and rude.  This is unacceptable behavior. As a previous Starbucks employee, I will be sure to contact corporate. I would recommend finding another place to go.  Addiction is right down the street with great coffee, service, and ambience.Good coffee overall. Great that you can do mobile ordering to pick up as this location stays busy. Seats and tables were all pretty dirty so I didn't stay to eat here. Coffee was decent but one of our lattes was burned.This is an awesome Starbucks. Huge and spacious. This is the one at 700 Canal where the St. Charles Streetcar turns from Canal onto St. Charles Avenue. It is lakeside of Rubenstein's Clothiers. Enter by the front corner doors. The St. Charles side is for exiting only. The line forms by the case where all the delicious pastries and such are. The staff and baristas are amazing and awesome. This is generally the location I visit most frequently. I love my Starbucks!!!The service was great.  Very speedy and friendly.  Loved the opportunity to people watch out on the street.I know Starbucks in general takes a lot of criticism. One being their coffee. I am a Starbucks fan. I don't drink coffee. I don't drink sugar. I like Starbucks because I can get a sugar free, fat free, caffeine free drink any time. I wound up in this location because the Starbucks in the hotel is not real. Couldn't scan my phone. Didn't get a sugar free hot cocoa. 
I am so glad the hotel Starbucks failed. This Starbucks is the most beautiful Starbucks I have ever been in. Gorgeous light fixtures, gorgeous seating area, and plenty of room to spread out. The black and white photos represent the city well. 
When in New Orleans visit this Starbucks. 
Customer service is excellent.Now that i'm working 2 blocks from this location, I'm frequenting it more. The location is pretty cool right on the corner of St. Charles and Canal. It's probably the largest SBUX I've seen in LA so far. I love the vintage style of it and the lights hanging in the main room are cool. The trumpet artwork display hanging from the ceiling in the side room is cool too. They sell the usual SBUX fare and seem to keep everything pretty well stocked for being a busy location.
I've been here about 4 times so far and the staff have all been very friendly. They all have asked if I want to add an extra shot to my latte. I guess they really push the up-selling here. No prob. They work the line fast and I haven't had to wait long at all for my drinks. 
As others have noted, it's a great place to people watch. I generally don't stay here too long as I have to get back to work. There are plenty of tables and large windows to sit near and enjoy. There is also the separate side room that is kind of like a library study area with the long tables. The back wall has plenty of comfy seating, too.
I'm sure I'll be back soon.The only reserve coffee Starbucks in the area.  Short wait but I would say they aren't the quickest.  (Try the municipal towers in Seattle and you'll see what I mean).
Store itself is comfortably laid out with nice back to back benches, one side street facing and the other facing the counter.  Large room off to the side with a large rectangular table in the center.  Cell charging stations under the table and some on the side of the walls 
Only two bathrooms and code needed.  When I was there the code didn't work and they needed a key override.  
One eye opener during my second visit is seeing a gal sit on one of the tables against the window.  The Germophobe  part of me realized that table tops are now not off limits for street germs.  Ugh.  Maybe it's a generational thing but I never place my shoes where I eat!!
All in all, I will overlook these things on search of the Clover experience.  
Now if only Starbucks will offer mobile orders for all locations!I am not big on Starbucks but this location I like as a traveler - large space, cool decor like trampet celling light, big communal table, free wifi, bathrooms and outlets to charge your devises.I loove this Starbucks. It may take a while, but everyone is really nice and it's great for people watching!Everyone here is so incredibly nice. They're a little slow sometimes when its super busy but they more than make up for it with the service they give you. The coffee and the atmosphere is fantastic too.Yeah I mean it is a Starbucks. Open floor plan with ample ceiling and the chandelier made of brass instruments gives the place a little twist.
Staff seems to work hard, but it was a tad slow from what I'm used to experiencing (although maybe New York Starbucks have spoiled me).Great location and size with New Orleans feel. Nice place to wake up in the morning and people watch and enjoy watching the street cars go by.  Long line, but when I order on my app, my food and coffee is ready in about 2 minutes!  I love technology!!Stumbled upon this location because we were trying to get our coffee fix, but mostly to seek shelter from the rain.  lol  
The drinks are A-okay and the decor is awesome in here.  Lots of artsy things hung on the wall and from the ceiling, which is extremely different from the usual Starbucks decor.
Only thing really lacking is the customer service.  I asked for a water after ordering my coffee, and the worker just gave me a weird look.  Workers will do their job, but aren't the most friendly.  The world could use a little more smiling!I have acquired an intolerance to sugar and the only drink I have been able to tolerate is the matcha water lately. When I walked up to the register I was "greeted" by a woman with an attitude. She asked me what I wanted and I told her light ice matcha water. She looks at me tilts her head and instead of saying "I'm sorry I couldn't hear you," she says "what". I repeat my order and she asks me what size while looking at the venti traveling cup i am holding.  She then proceeds to charge me for an iced green tea latte and walks to the bar where she not only makes the wrong drink, which wouldn't have bothered me if she hadn't had a bad attitude, but makes the wrong drink incorrectly. I was so irritated I just left. With my sweetened(not supposed to be unless asked), matcha stuck on the bottom(supposed to be put in last so that doesn't happen) whole milk ( supposed to be 2%) matcha wa... I mean  iced green tea late..... wow... it's a good thing I'm not diabetic or lactose intolerantStarbucks has closed its bathrooms to paying customers at least 4 hours before parades pass today. Boo!!! I blame the store manager on duty. Why not see to it that the employees spend a little more time on actual service and less time trying to charm customers into feeding the tip jar with lame humor?
Headed to the Canal Place store from now on....smaller and more crowded but at least they get the job done. 
Shame on you Starbucks.My favourite Starbucks. Just a 12 minute Canal Streetcar ride or short bicycle ride from my home in Mid-City. This is a huge and spacious Starbucks. The staff and baristas are all awesome and friendly. This is a "Reserve" location so they carry special blends of coffee. There's nothing outrageously fancy here. You get exactly what you'd expect of any Starbucks in any location in the world. But Starbucks is better with their app for Android and iPhone and by joining the rewards program. 125 stars gets one free drink or single serving food item. Stars are collected at the rate of 2 for every dollar spent and stored in your star bank. There are also many star dash opportunities for bonus stars. The details are in the challenges. For the record this is the Starbucks at 700 Canal Street where the St. Charles Streetcar turns onto St. Charles from Canal. Nearest Canal car stop is Canal at Royal. The St. Charles Line you are between two stops. Get off with everyone at Carondelet and Canal and walk one block towards the river (south) or if the operator doesn't kick you off with everyone else Common is the next closest and walk back. You can't miss it!!!! You'll love this Starbucks!!!4 stars for location and inside of store. Nicely decorated, spacious and inviting. Good corner location. Came here at least 3 times during our 10 day stay in NOLA. Good iced coffee/refills on a hot day (you do a lot of walking in the French Quarter!). Baristas are fast & efficient.Long lines and clean bathrooms. Better than what one normally finds in some parts of of Canal street.Awesome location at 700 Canal, in the St. Charles Streetcar turn lakeside of Rubenstein's. A sweet family of baristas lovingly pour your Pike Place or Dark Roast. Reusable cups are available for purchase so the fun never ends, and it protects the environment. Also the rewards program is amazing. You get birthday coffee or pastry. After you get out of the welcome level refills on iced or hot coffee is discounted to free. Experts craft your frapps and other lattes, etc. I truly can say this is "MY Starbucks" because it's my favorite location. They're like family to me!!! :)Clean and rather fast considering how busy they are. Thanks, Starbucks!  I love the added touch of the beautiful wrought iron chandeliers, and beam ceilings. Lovely.  What's that in the next room? A brass instruments sculpture? So festive! So New Orleans chic! Love it!This is the most disgusting establishment.  Inside their food counter were gnats and flies; when I addressed the clerk, she simply said thank you and that she wasn't serving those to her customers.
The cream and napkin area was filthy.
Stay away.After dark, Starbucks Corporate's new policies have
Turned this place into the Mos Eisley Catina ....
(Look it up)
My kinda place ...When ordering the cashier told me they only had small lids available, so best to order a small drink. Then it turned out they had run out of small cups (??) I ended up with a child size... Also, forget about powering up here, the entire seating area only has ONE working power outlet. I'm left quite baffled by the whole experience...My favorite Starbucks of all time. I grew up in Seattle so Starbucks are not all the same, I've came to notice. However this is my daily Starbucks. I come get my coffee EVERY day! The staff is AMAZING!!! This location also has the option to order ahead with the app! Best Starbucks in New Orleans! Coffee is great and the staff is out standing!!Huge upgrade from the Starbucks experience we had at the location in Harrah's. Our drinks were correct, tasted delicious, and they were so very nice. They were busy, but that's to be expected because of their location. It was strange to have to enter a code on the bathroom door to be able to use the facilities. I thought that was strange given the public ridicule Starbucks recently received. A public apology from the CEO recently about how Starbucks was started with the idea of people being able to come and rest, visit with friends, etc. Here is a thought, don't lock bathrooms.Pretty good for a Starbucks. Staff was freindly and the decor was about the best I have seen in this chain.This is the worst Starbucks I have ever visited.
For starters, they were short-staffed.  Only three employees for a large busy store.
Also, they were out of anything my wife wanted to order so she had to sit there while I drank my iced mocha and tried to get a little work done.
There are not enough outlets so I had to squeeze in at a little table against the wall while my wife sat at the long table across from a homeless drug addict who kept trying to help us find an outlet.  He looked everywhere, on the table, under the table, the floor, the ceiling.  He looked on the chairs, under the chairs and up and down the walls but could not find an outlet anywhere.  He confirmed that there were no outlets in the chandelier or behind or on any of the artwork.
Then he asked us for money,  After that he started waving his hands around looking at the beautiful colors.
Out of boredom (and to just get away from the guy) my wife decided to try to use the restroom.  You need a code,  she got the code from a barista and discovered that there was no toilet paper.  She informed the barista but, as of 45 minutes later there was still no TP in either restroom.
All of this put a serious damper on my ability to respond to a few work emails so I finally gave up and went somewhere cleaner and less full of drunks, crazies and drug addicts - the Krystal on Bourbon Street.  That place was the Ritz compared to this Starbucks.I'm not really sure what happened to this Starbucks in the three months since I have been here (I worked down the block and would frequent it a few times a week) but it went from being one of the better Starbucks I have visited to absolutely disgusting. I visited at about 7:30 on my way to work (they tend to get slammed right around 8:00 and you shouldn't even bother at that hour) and there were maybe three people in line. The first thing I noticed was the shelves were pretty bare and the sundries were barely stocked which has never been the case before. Ordered my food and the staff was friendly enough. Mostly just going through the motions. When I went to put milk in my coffee is when I realized just how dirty the store was. That are looked like it hadn't been cleaned nor the trash been taken out in at least two days. Most of the milk containers were empty. Nothing had been wiped down in a good minute. I proceeded to look around after that and I have never seen it this dirty before. To top it off the bathroom had no toilet paper and the back up roll was also empty. I don't know if it's bad management or lazy employees but it has suffered greatly in just a few short months. Had I written this review six months ago it would be nothing but praise.Coffee is good, but don't buy any breakfast sandwhiches. Egg and sausage was ice cold, i couldn't finish it. Big sign, "we heat our croissants to bring out the flavor " nope chocolate croissant was not heated, it had chunks of chocolate in it.Tall ceilings, well lit, lots of action. This Starbucks is a great respite at the corner of Canal Street and Saint Charles Avenue. Plenty of seating too. Being where it is and what it is, I like sitting here to put your finger on the pulse of what is going on downtown.The most fancy and beautiful Starbucks we've ever been to! The employees are fantastic and super friendly!!Coffee is coffee right?-so this location has that hands down. The employees seem disgruntle.. I understand this location is fast paced and you may not always want to smile, but you should!! Standing in front of one employee for at least two minutes only for her to not even look up at me but say "she can help you over there" is poor customer service. To have someone wait 10-15 minutes for a coffee and not even be greeted is the bare minimum this location should give. The lady who waited on me was stone faced and transactional ... didn't even offer me a receipt, only, "you can wait at the end for your coffee". Well thank you for putting my order in, and allowing me to pay 6$.... I guess good customer service just does not exist anymore.Best Starbucks in New Orleans! I come here frequently, and not only do the staff members remember my name, they remember my drink order. (I'm boring and get the same thing every time) They are also the only shop in New Orleans that doesn't burn their espresso either.Just LOVED this Starbucks! This is a reserve store which completely made my day! Lots of great options to choose from! This is one of the most unique Starbucks I have been too- I loved the décor!This was my go-to Starbucks when I was in New Orleans recently for a business trip. The first thing I noticed was the cool, local theme that the place was decorated in. It looked a bit old timey, kind of like an old store and hanging from the ceiling were musical instruments. I really liked this. This is a pretty busy Starbucks due to its location on Canal St., close to the French Quarter. The line moves quick, though. On my last day, they were out of almond and soy milk so not sure if they didn't get a shipment or what. They did make it up to me by giving me a very, very large chai latte since my only choice was 2% milk.I heart EVERYTHING about this Starbucks. From the location (perfect for lookey-lous) to the friendly staff to the quick drink processing - to the busyness to the hustle & bustle of it all. 
They handle the load with finesse, grace & class. Due to the location of this Starbucks, I'm surprised it's not a 24-hr store, or is it??? I'm sure in NYC there's a 24-hr starbucks or even Cali. Anywho, I digress; but yeah back to this location...
My hope is that once you make it here to this location, that you're not dismayed by the parking situation. It can be a bit overwhelming, but the treats that await you inside promise not to disappoint. 
#WindowseatsaretheBESTHuge. Convenient. Reliable. Friendly staff. No complaints.Hands down the best looking Starbucks so far! The store totally exposes it's city's jazz scene with trumpets hanging on the ceiling, musical notes on the walls, music, etc. This location has a huge seating area as well so it's great for people!This is the best Starbucks in America. You will be hard pressed to find one that is more elaborate than this one. Its so good its hard to put into words, its an experience. If you come here to visit or you live here you must come see this place. In a city that known for neglecting chains, Starbucks has set the mold on what you need to do to compete in the New Orleans market if you are a change. This place is unbelievable.This was a wonderful Starbucks. First of all, it is very large. The service rivals any that I've been to around the country.
I was absolutely taken by the way they decorated it. As one would expect, the decor is very much New Orleans - lots music and jazz related items. Great fixtures and chandeliers, and a terrific mural that depicts the French Quarter.
Starbucks did a great job with this one. Our group spend some time sitting there, enjoying our coffee and the surroundings.I wanted to poke my eyes out after waiting so long here. What I thought would be an easy 10 minute in and out visit, took close to 25 minutes waiting in lines. The drink was fine, but the staff was so slow. I could tell they just gave up even trying to hustle and leisurely took their time making drinks. With a half hearted yell to the crowded drink pick up area, they didn't seem to care who they were servicing.Beautiful location, friendly baristas, and quality coffee. What's not to love? Baristas handle the often large crowds pretty well and very professionally. I know I'm impressed! PS. I'm totally crushing on that cute blonde barista with tattoos.They had 3 reserves (1 from Cameroon, 2 from Ethiopia). Didn't see reserves at any other Starbucks in area. Also spacious and friendly employees (thanks Joseph).The company through this location and have great customer service ! Coffee is always hot and made just right. They have a lot of space for doing work hosting small meetings in there too.
When you pull up the parking right out front says for loading only. If youre just running in and out put your flashers on and run inside.Bathrooms could be a little bit more cleaner, but this Starbucks is gorgeous inside! Cute barista there too ;)Better than average starbucks.. Great design great fast service, very friendly much faster than nj and what I'm used to waiting in long lines. I miss the homemade starbucks yogurt not sure why the only sell oikos.. I love my starbucks versionLocated on the corner.  It's a huge storefront.  You'd never know this was a Starbucks except for the name.   Lots of dark wood, clusters of recycled brass horns used for lighting above throughout the store.  High ceilings.  Plenty of seating.  It's very Nawlins.
I'm not sure who the previous store occupant was, but this Starbucks is the most amazing one I've been to.   And the baristas are very friendly. 
Even if you don't drink Starbucks coffee it's worth taking a peek inside.We walked into the most beautiful Starbucks ever only to immediately be insulted by this Queen Ian, and yes, it's ok for me to say that, being that I'm queerer than a 3 dollar bill, instructing me to leave because of a zero tolerance policy to alcohol. I was actually coming in to buy my friend a coffee who generously used her time share points to make this trip happen. My partner handed me his drink and I quietly walked outside with it while he took her through the process and paid for her drink. I thought about it, but still felt extremely offended by this. I wasn't drunk by any means, but this is New Orleans! Really????? What I initially said was the nicest Starbucks ever, turned into my worst ever because of one guy. 
   After my partner and my friend came out, they did say that the rest of the people there were very nice and accommodating. So, Ian, you are the weakest link. STARBUCKS should say Buh Bye to you... You truly are their weakest link! Also, in New Orleans, it's more than appropriate for you to lift your zero alcohol tolerance policy since most people here over indulge and may be looking to you for some sobriety.The place is nice and clean. They need to turn the AC up a little. They keep the tables and stools clean as well as the floor. The music is good.  The lighting is cool. It's a bunch of trumpets with light bulbs in it.  I have to be honest and say I am not a Starbucks drinker the girlfriend is.  She swears by it.The service is super slow! They need to work on that! It took me 11min to get my chocolate muffin warmed up! MehHey, this review is my 600th!
I was exploring New Orleans by streetcar one day. I decided to get off the streetcar that ran along Canal Street.
I walked around for a while. A note to myself: I need to avoid walking around outside in September, when it is hot and muggy!
So, sweating buckets, I decided that it was time to hibernate in an air-conditioned place. I spotted this Starbucks and went inside.
I love this cafe. It's charming. There is lots of wood accents and brick. The lighting is perfect. I liked the music that was playing.
I ordered an iced green tea. Staff were courteous and nice. I sat down and did some people-watching.
The windows at this cafe are huge. I got a good view of the intersection of Canal Street and St. Charles Avenue.
It was good to relax and take cover in a cooler environment.
(16)Great location in the business district.  I was staying at the Ritz a couple blocks down for a work meeting so I'd walk over in the morning to get some coffee before the day started.  The staff was friendly every time I was there, and when I redeemed my birthday drink one morning the cashier gave me an extra smile and wished me a happy birthday, which was a nice little touch.
Beware, though the lines are long.  The first morning I went I think I waited almost 10 minutes to order my drink and then nearly another 10 to get my drink.  They were working fast, there was just a lot of people ordering drinks and food.  I cut down on some of that the next day by using mobile order and pay, so I'd order when I left the hotel, but even still I had to wait a few minutes once I got there for my drink.  It wasn't a huge deal, and once I knew I planned for it, but the lines were long every morning I went, so be prepared.I've been to Starbucks on 3 continents and never had a soy latte with mealy, whey-looking, black and white chunks floating in the drink. But apparently the NOLA canal crew is used to this, as they more than eagerly pointed out how all their soy milk has floating chunks. Obviously they think this is normal and not a refundable offense for a $6 drink.  If you're from anywhere else with a reasonable expectation of coffee service, I suggest getting the coffee in the hotel lobby.Come on guys! Train your employees on how to redeem earned rewards. Other than that I love this location. Spacious. Great cornerWas a great stop on our trip. Broke my rule of stopping somewhere that we have back home, but I needed my Starbucks fix and this was a great location.When it's early morning (11am) and you are about to get into a full day of festing, you are gonna need a jump start. Enter Starbucks. We grabbed some coffee here on the way to French Quarter fest, and even though they were busy, the staff got our coffee to us quickly- and with a smile! The iced coffee is as good as any Starbucks. This spot is pretty small, and we were in and out so fast I didn't notice if there are places to sit, but if you are downtown for festing or shopping, this is a good place to get some brew.Great service! There are some questionable people and smells there. But great place to grab some coffee or cocoa on your way to Bourbon St. or Jackson Square.Worst location ever. Long lines.  Tried to go study but there was bums sleeping in the back.  Another 2 guys talking and cursing so loud like it was a hole in the wall bar.  Grab your coffee to go because if you are looking for a relaxing place to study this is not it.They wouldnt allow me to pay with a $50 bill. Couldnt get a good reason as to why. Doesn't make sense to me. I prefer to pay in cash for smaller purchases when in the US. Unfortunately not here. Nice setting thoughRude staff. People begging inside asking for your food while you're eating. Out of food that is displayed.Starbucks is Starbucks. 
That being said, I thought this was a really nice and spacious location. There's a room adjacent to where you order with plenty of room to work, study, read, etc.
It just seems like a nice cafe setting to have coffee, chat with friends or get busy work done.So...I love this chain. The variety of quality coffee drinks, the app, the rewards. This store though... Need to prepare for busy weekends. I've been waiting for 30 minutes for online order. Unacceptable.Sucked. Coffee was awful. I told the barista she made me the wrong drink and she threw attitude at me and said "yo dat' be yo drink!"  After my brain translated what she said I asked her to remake it and she refused. I finally got the manager and she made the drink correct. No apology offered though.I visited this location on two occasions and was vastly disappointed. Not only was the store dirty and messy, but the baristas were rude and inattentive. I am understanding that food was not available, but I will not excuse the poor customer service. If I was able to rate zero stars, I would.If I could give No stars- I would! 
First day in NOLA - stopped in for a quick refresh...
This is the worst Starbucks I ever went to! Waited 20 min for iced black tea. Only to go to counter and have them say they're out of tea - and had to brew it.. waited another 10 minutes and went back to ask about order and was told they're out of black tea- but no one ever told us!? Horrible service! No apologies, no substitutes offered. Counter help is slow. Only 3 people working drinks and food...about 30 customers waiting. One person stocking drinks and such but the cooler was pretty full! What. A mess! 
Homeless people passing out in there and it just made me have anxiety. 
Do Not go there!!While I do try to buy local as much as possible, there's a lot to be said for Starbucks' consistency. CC's has better drip coffee that I buy in bulk, but the espresso drinks at Starbucks never disappoint. 
I love the staff at the Maple location! They're great about remembering regulars. My only issue with this location is all the undergrads here during the school year. But if you do want to be surrounded by stupid hats and girls in belly shirts having "like, totez deep convos," Maple is the place to go.Walk across the street and go to PJ's.  Nice building, though. What a waste.The lesser of the two uptown starbucks locations, based purely on seating.  
There are lots of great local alternatives that serve better coffee with FREE wifi.
Local options close by include:
PJs (literally two storefronts away toward downtown)
CCs (magazine and jefferson)
Rue de la Course (oak and carrollton)Aesthetically pleasing uptown location. Parking is a headache on the cramped Maple Street but there is a small lot available at an old gas station right across the street. 
I brought in my reusable mug that had a bit of gunk in the bottom from letting old coffee sit in it and the nice guy behind the counter scrubbed it for 10 minutes in scalding hot water to try and get it out--how nice! This location is busy and crowded because of its close proximity to the universities so I suggest getting your drink to-go. I'd stop by again if I were in the area.2/5 angry barista?
dude, this guy must not like his cleaning duty today, he's sweeping like a honey badger and stomping and dumping everywhere. a quiet rainy sunday has turned into a honey badger sunday. the air's thick with dust now as he's swept it all up into the air.Wonderful uptown atmosphere. There are a lot of college students, business men and neighborhood locals meeting here. Some of the staff are friendly and others are defiantly not. 
I love the beautiful patio and the atmosphere this Starbucks offer.Nice staff... nice location. .. great fast service even it was packed... worst coffee ever!! I love starbucks but surely not this branch....!! 2nd time I go it doesn't taste nor the color of coffee is the same. I think they need QC :( oh and the choclate brownie, looks like a brownie... but taste like a delicious choclate cake!!Great neighborhood spot! I love the outside covered porch, it is the perfect spot to study or catch up with friends. I know this isn't the local coffee spot, but, I like the coffee quality here much much more. It can get crowded from university students and in the mornings, but, I can usually manage to find a spot.It's a Starbucks. With ample seating. And a friendly staff. What is not to love? The coffee is ten times better than PJ's "coffee".I really like this Starbucks. I can usually find parking pretty close by and I can't complain about the drive through because THERE ISN'T ONE! I usually get a drink, change in the bathroom for kickball, and then get on my merry way.This location gets rocked constantly. Its close to Tulane so you can imagine the sheer volume this staff is handling.  They are always nice and so obviously good at thier job.I prefer the neighborhood coffee spots, but this Starbucks location is in a great area and makes great drinks. The new salted caramel latte was deliciously made - even as a skinny version.Took 30 minutes to get my coffee. The line was long, but nothing they shouldn't be able to handle before 10am. I also watched them mess up multiple peoples orders. When I walked out I realized they had given me the wrong order. There was no way I was going to go back in and try to get them to fix it after waiting 30 minutes. People have places to be in the morning.Starbucks coffee taste like burnt ass.  The atmosphere has all the charm of a hospital.  Why people go here when there are so many awesome local coffee shops in this city with fantastic coffee straight of the barges.
The time I went, this place was packed though (client wanted to meet there).  I'm really confused as to why...  You could go to Rue, PJs, CC's or any of the other fantastic coffee places.My love for Starbucks stems from growing up in WA - it's always my go-to place for a latte regardless of what city I am in.  This particular establishment is simply wonderful - the staff is courteous and quick to rectify any miss-order, space is clean, outdoor patio and indoor seating is conducive to students and professionals alike. Great location - close to lots of eateries, so grabbing a post-lunch coffee is easy breezy.  Parking can be challenging but not impossible.This Starbucks location has simply become more and more infuriating. I like coming here after I do laundry to watch some netflix or surf the internet during loads....unfortunately the internet connection at this location is such an embarrasment, I am very surprised that no other reviews have mentioned it. There might well be no internet - I can't watch netflix, it takes 60 seconds to load a standard website, videos don't work, its absolutely pathetic. I am actually writing this review from the PJ's next door. Perhaps nobody else has complained? When I look around I see everyone on their computers in word documents but nobody trying to actually use the wi-fi so perhaps that could be why - but to the owners, simply pay for more/better bandwith, it's worth it despite your obvious conclusion that somehow its not. I will not be returning unless the internet actually works. Village coffee on Jefferson also never has this problem ,but again I'd love to come back since everything about this starbucks is great but for the nonworking internet.Great place to study. Lots of background noise but comfortable environment and friendly staff. Only thing is they don't have late hours, which isn't that bad. Has outside area too.This is my favorite Starbucks in the entire city. Everyone is friendly and they offer outside seating WITH outlets and it is covered. I usually sit outside. There's also the cutest neighborhood black cat that would walk past. Everytime I went , there was a good amount of people there but it was not loud or hectic unlike some other Starbucks I have went to.They really screwed this one up. I used to love coming here, maybe my favorite Starbucks. Unfortunately the management decided to fix something that wasn't broke.
Gone are the soft surfaces and inviting colors. Replacing then are hard cheap firnishings and a color scheme reminiscent of American Horror Story.
The last two times I went it took over 10 minutes to get my coffee. In four visits I have not been able to successfully connect to the Why-Try (Wi-Fi).
What a shame. Gotta find a new spot.My go to place to study while in the city for college. Great WiFi. Nice employees. And a pretty good overall vibe. It's just a bit small which totally creates a problem more times than not, if you're trying to find a spot to sit with an outlet.I haven't figured out why this Starbucks isn't rated very well. Now that I've been a dozen times to this particular location I think I can safely say it's met my needs just fine! 
I have the mobile app and am always getting different offers to try new things and I generally go for them unless I'm just trying to take a quick shot of espresso and get on with my day. The various offers on the app are to try new things and you're rewarded bonus stars which can later be redeemed for food and drinks. Trying new things and earning free things is a win win for me. Thanks to the offers I've discovered some teavana tea flavors I really like (peach green tea and mango black tea) and the new almond milk and coconut milk macchiatos are fantastic. The pink drink with coconut milk and strawberry acai refresher is a little sweet but delicious and just the right amount of caffeine for me before exercising. I drank one about an hour before a long bike ride and it was the perfect extra boost. The sandwiches are also delicious in the morning when you're in the mood for a quick and hot most-important-meal-of-the-day. 
Biggest plus to me is I live within walking distance and I order it on the app and walk up straight to the mobile orders and grab my stuff and am on my way! Blows my mind more people don't do that. 
The place is usually pretty packed inside and relatively packed outside so I can see if you're looking for a place to plug-in and work for a while it's not ideal. Possibly hard at times to find work space I imagine in the busier hours. 
Once in a blue a milk or something will be out in the little drink prep area and you'll have to wave an employee down to refill but who really gets bent out of shape about that? It's a busy place. 
For me the ease of ordering and quality of what I get is all I care about and this location has done good by me!It won't replace Peet's in my heart, but it's a better cup of coffee than the other chain places in town. The staff is quite friendly and seem to work well in keeping the line moving at a brisk clip.
I've also become attached the weekly iTunes app giveaways. 
Dammit.Every single time I have come here, they are out of the salted caramel salt. I thought that maybe it was just a bad month, because it happened like 5 times in a row. But at this point it has kind of become comical. Don't ask for it, because they don't have it. Or maybe they don't like my face. The world will never know. That being said, I have rated this 5 stars and will continue to pay outrageous prices for sweet delicious coffee.As a former "partner" (Starbucks employee), I just can't kick that SBux habit. I know the standards, and I hate the stores that don't follow standards (looking at you, Canal Place location) because they are truly there for a reason. I will call you out on it gladly.
That said, these guys can make my iced venti 3 pump classic no water passion tea (summer) or my triple grande nonfat mocha (winter) correctly every time, and with a smile. I truly appreciate that.
Plus, if you can grab a table, it's a great place to study or get work done.As much as one tries to avoid eating at a non-local chain when in New Orleans, sometimes PJs just doesn't cut it. For when that happens, this Starbucks is fine. The Northeasterners from Tulane flock here.This location has to be one of the sloppiest of them all.   This morning, the bathroom was not only filthy, the toilet was backed up and almost overflowing!  The floors were dirty, and the half & half dispenser was totally out, and no one seemed to care or designated to look after these "housekeeping" issues - I guess it's because they were too busy making coffee drinks, but appearances and cleanliness is important, no matter how busy you are!  There is always a wait, and it was prime time (between 9 and 10 a.m.).  PJ's is looking better and better - I won't buy anything here, as a matter of principal - I walk over with a friend, but don't patronize the place.Worst Starbucks experience ever. Everytime I come to this location the baristas are rude and act like they cannot be bothered by the customers. 
This time the person that helped me tried. However... once I placed my order, I was informed they didn't have the sandwich I ordered. No big deal. I chose different sandwiches. The person that I placed the order with started to make the order then was pulled in another direction. When I tried to bring this to the person's attention that I had not received two of the items that I ordered, I received one and saw that the other had not been made while the barista slammed the cooler door shut retrieving a fresh one. I was over it at that point. I would rather be hungry than spend another moment there. Thanks again, starbucks.S L O W   S L O W   S L O W service & not friendly at all. No one cracked a smile, no one said "thank you" & Starbuck's won't be getting my business from this day forward. Too bad coz it's so close to home- good thing P.J.'s is right down the street .Like any other Starbucks - good service, friendly baristas, and aromatic coffee. 
What makes this Starbucks stand head and shoulders above others is the "European Bakery" next door - omg the sausage biscuit sandwich, ham and cheese croissant, and cinnamon roll were to die for. 
We'll be back tomorrow for both the European Bakery and for the Starbucks coffee.The building is nice. The baristas are kind. Furthermore, there is n't a plethora of people so if you want to get work done then definetly come to this Starbucks. It isn't as popular since the storm because it took a while for it to get back into its regular hours.So I disagree with the prior review, i never had a problem getting a table here, with a plug for my laptop, and i came here between classes every single day...
i actually lived near the magazine one, and it is SO loud there i could never think. nor get a table with a plug.
the wireless issue with starbucks is a drawback, although they do have free internet now with your starbucks card..and there used to be free internet from uptown cajun nextdoor before it closed...sbux coffee is the best though (hate hate hate pjs, ccs and rue, for different reasons), therefore, if i still lived in nola, i'd still be here daily.
random note: i did dent up my car my very first day in nola (post cross country drive from CA), trying to find this location (that wasnt reopened post K yet). damn nola narrow jacked up streets.Sorry Chad, but I'm gonna have to disagree with you on this one.  I've been to both Starbucks (Maple & Magazine) and the Maple Street store is far superior.  Yes, seating can be a pain sometimes, but other than that, this store is better.  Staff is friendlier.  The best part is the patio, at least when it's not too hot outside.Starbucks is always going to be a Starbucks.  I like it enough; I'm a fan of their seasonal espresso drinks and an occasional iced latte.  Still, I am normally more local-business oriented, but Starbucks is the only coffee shop in New Orleans that is open when I leave for work at 5:40....so I am there every time I forget to set my coffee pot the night before.
However, this location has gotten my drink order wrong far too many times for it to be alright.  Every other time I am there in the morning, I get in the car and realize that this is not what I wanted.  Even when my drink order is exactly what I would like, I discover that it is luke-warm at best.  If I order extra-hot, I get burnt milk.  I understand that it's early in the morning, but there are always other customers and I never order anything needlessly complicated (today it was a skim carmel latte and I discovered a full-fat mocha in my cup once I'd gotten on I-10).
That being said, it is a nice coffee shop to go sit at; there's a patio and enough seating if you are going during prime-Tulane time.  I've never had problem with the pastries.  The service is always friendly and awake when I get there.  The holiday red cups make me feel warm and fuzzy.Love this. Love starbucks. This location is always clean, service is friendly and fast. I study here all the time. Great stop.If you are a Tulane student looking for a place to study before you "rage it" on Maple Street, then this place is for you. Personally, with local establishments like CC's, PJ's, Mojo, Hey! Cafe, Zotz, etc., why would you go to a big corporate chain like this? I got a gift card and I had to use it. The lines can be very long in the mornings but it goes faster than expected. Parking can be extremely tricky.I came for the Wi-Fi as PJs Coffee has lacking wifi power just a few shops down the road. There was ample seating and my regular coffee was promptly handed to me. Creamer bar was well stocked; clean floor and loud music like all the other homogonize Starbucks you have ever been too.I like this starbucks because it's not usually filled with the chaos of any other starbucks usually found in other busy cities. 
I like to support local cafes in NOLA but once in a while it's nice to come here and just study for a bit. Plenty of light, I like to come in at the slow times during weekdaysWell, if you are a fan of classic Starbucks put-hair-on-your-chest strong coffee, stay clear of this place.  The coffee is so weak it is indistinguishable from any other coffee shop.  I couldn't finish my coffee this morning and this is the third day in a row that this has happened.  I asked about whether they had changed their formala and I was told that the "weaker" coffee taste was probably due to the ligher roast they used the previous day.  I am not a new coffee drinker.  I know the difference between a lighter roast and weak coffee.  You can have a lighter roast that is strong and a dark roast that is weak.  The weakness in the coffee I was tasting was due to one of two things:  (1) less coffee in the brew, or (2) very old stale coffee.  Either way, it made for a terrible cup of coffee.  If you like weak coffee, this is the place for you.  The service is actually excellent and the atmosphere is wonderful.  I love the music they play and the patio is a pleasure to sit on.  If you want strong coffee, though, I would suggest ordering an extra shot of espresso in your coffee, or go somewhere else where the coffee will be the same strength, but cheaper.Very bad service. Please don't go. There were very rude and don't care about the customers. People behind me getting the order and some reason they didn't get my order for 10 mints . When I ask they were so rude. Starbucks management should do something. I never had a problem before with Starbucks. 
.Wow, this SB location definitely has an efficiency problem. Average wait for grande cappuccino = 15 mins minimum. 5 of those minutes may just be waiting to order once you've reached the front of the line.
I cringe at watching all the slow moving wasted low energy.
If you are in a hurry, go somes place else!Incredibly busy constantly. I came here a few times during a trip to Tulane and visited during the week and on a weekend and it seemed like there was always a line out the door. I think because of this the service wasn't the friendliest but I can understand given the sheer volume of orders.
The outside patio is really nice and would be a great place to work or study! I just wish there would have been space the few times I was there.This Starbucks is never open on time and ready to serve it's customers. 
I use to be able to depend on them to be open in the morning before I go to work to get my $8.00 coffee and scone. 
They are never never open on time any more. They use to be open at 6 am, lights,
on and ready to go. In the last two months they are never open on time, or not open at 
all at 6 am. There is always a line outside at 6 am waiitng for them to open, and 
many times it is 6:15 or 6:20 before they open if at all. 
I have counted as many as 9 people waiting to have coffee outside their door, at 6 am .
It must be costly to the owner to loose sales, like this. The customers are walking
next door, to a little pastry shop for their morning cup of coffee and pastry. Honestly
the pastries next door are much better. PJ's is there but does not open till 6:30 am.
It is awful to drive to a place for coffee, be in a rush because you have to be at 
work, and not have the doors, open. So irritating to say the least. No one smile or
greets you and in fact you get ignored for the most part while they stock the pastry
in the display. 
I would like to know who is responsible to open, and if the owner knows, they 
are loosing sales and customers. I myself am there every Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday before work at 6am and spend an average of 8-10 dollars a day.
That is 30 dollars a week some 1500 - 1600 a year. I cannot tolerate this 
inconsistency and will take my money eslewhere. 
I am just infuriated by the whole thing.I am beginning to think that having terrible customer service skills and being rude to your customers is a requirement for employment at this location. Yes, I know it is in the University area and that the demographic and employees for this store are mostly millennials , but could you at least thank someone for visiting your store? Or how about having an accurate inventory system set up so that your mobile app reflects what you actually have available for sale, or maybe , just maybe , wait until your guest is more than ten feet away to start talking smack about them with your o worker. If you are looking for mediocre coffee , rude and disrespectful employees and a little bit of frustration In your day then this is the place for you. Don't bother trying the PJ's up the street either, the same with even worse coffee.It was my first time here and as you may know first times are always the worst depending on the situation. My first time here was amazing the guy fixing my drink was friendly even though I didn't know what I wanted. I ended up getting a white chocolate mocha omg it's was and still is amazing. The only grip I had about this location is the restaurant cleanliness. I had to come in and clean my own table. Really everyone who dined in had to clean there tables but other than that as a first timer I can see myself coming again.This Starbucks is a Starbucks.  Helpful right?  Why write a review about a Starbucks....  Well, I like this Starbucks well enough.  The staff turns out their coffee quickly enough.  I really like all the covered outdoor seating outside.    
This place is good for its outdoor seating.BLUF:  I only go to starbucks in a pinch because of morals.  Support your local coffee shops.  
I am not a college age white girl, i dont wear yoga pants, and i hate furry boots;  but i was drawn to see what the spiced pumpkin latte was all about.  I made my gf order it for me though to save me the embarrassment.  It was okay but nothing special.  Not sure what all the hoopla is about.  my gf got the salted caramel latte which i didnt think was good at all.  i like just plain black coffee and any time i stray from that i remember why.
this line is always long but they are efficient and it goes quick.  they spelled my name right (john) so that was  a little disappointing.3.5 stars
My neighborhood Starbucks.. Fast and always friendly service. The only thing that sucks is the lack of parking.I love this Starbucks.  My favorite place to study.  The baristas are so friendly/happy and frequently give discounts and freebies to regulars (and free samples of food to everyone).  Also, I've never not been able to find a place to sit.  Outlets are usually available, only a handful of times have I had to wait about half an hour for one to open up.  Also, when the weather's nice, there's a great covered porch outside with lights and ceiling fans (AND outlets).  It's true that their internet is restricted to T-Mobile/AT&T/SBC customers, but I think that actually keeps the place from getting overcrowded with students during peak study times (I suppose they go to PJs or Rue instead).  However, if you know someone with a password for one of those providers, you can use it unlimitedly (I've shared my password with a friend there and we were both able to log-on using it at the same time).
I would love to support "local" coffee shops, and I've tried, but all the places close to me have fatal flaws:
--too crowded and no tables during peak hours/times (Rue on Carrollton)
--too few outlets and trash all over the place (PJs on Maple)
--apathetic (bordering on rude sometimes) baristas, terribly low lighting, too few outlets (Rue on Magazine)
--Zots (WAY too dark)Maple is better than Magazine.  Metarie is better than Maple.  That being said, Maple is the location I visit most often as it is closest to my home.
I have been visiting this Starbucks more so  in the past few months.  I am tired of paying for just OK coffee at the local chains- PJ's, CC's, and on occasion Rue and Zots.  I don't include Village Coffee, because I only go there for 1 thing.   But bad cup after bad cup being thrown in the streets of New Orleans by this coffee loving woman, I could be polluting the Lake by now with crappy cups of coffee.  Not so with Starbucks.   THIS location is a 4.  They, for a long time, would "fix" coffee made by lesser Starbucks, (I'm looking at YOU Magazine Street).  They really have their act together.  I actually "crave" their coffees.  I also like the treat receipt program which gets you a two dollar medium(there, I said it), after 2 PM that same day.  I also use  their card, belong in their club, and buy gift certificates on line cheap when I can.  There are ways to make this  Starbucks habit affordable.   
 The one evening they were closed at 9 PM, and needed a fix, I thought about my options in the area, drove down to BK and got a Seattle's Best. (Which was better than some other local places).
There are those who will disagree with me. I am ready for that.  I was also ready to stop wasting my money at places just because they were local, and not enjoying their products.  It all makes perfect sense, it just took a long time.The most charming (i.e., least corporate) of the area Starbucks thanks to a repurposed interesting building and a trendy neighborhood location. It needs more seating and easier parking, but it's still the most pleasant Starbucks in New Orleans.Baristas were incredibly rude. I was actually shocked by their demeanor and lack of customer service. This was my first time at this location since I happen to be in the area. I had heard from a friend about the rude service at this location but saw it first hand last night. Aside from the service, drinks did taste well and the location was clean.Very friendly staff, good coffee, newspapers, good seating (patio as well). This Starbucks is top notch. Free refills for Gold Card members as well make it a notch above the competition.I read the reviews about how slow the service was before I went to this Starbucks, and I did not expect it to be so slow for my visit. It wasn't very crowded at all when I entered, and all I ordered was a nitro cold brew coffee. That's something that takes literally 5 seconds to make. There were only two other people in front of me, and it took me 10 minutes to get my coffee. To top it off, the baristas were taking their precious time. If you're in a rush, don't pass through this Starbucks.It was my birthday and I drove past eleven indie shops just to get to you and your familiar green mer...thing. I looked across the cafe, comfortable to be back home on the Mac farm. I ordered the venti chai latte because IT IS AWESOME. And I sat alone between two undergrads writing English papers and thanked the great Spaghetti Monster in the sky that it wasn't me dealing with that bull sh!t. Happy birthday to me... Happy birthday to me...This is not a bad coffee place for a national chain. Good location in a very active business part of East Carrollton. Parking is tight but it is no problem if you live in East Carrollton and take a pleasant walk for your coffee. 
Staff was friendly on my first visit and very helpful to me. There is free Wi-Fi and that is always nice. Electrical outlets are plentiful for your electronics. No TV and that is good and the background music was enjoyable and easy to listen to. Another plus for me is segregated rest rooms according to gender. Not one for unisex restrooms anywhere.  Nutrition information on all their products is a welcome addition for all who are counting calories.  There are additional tables outside and with covering. 
So I feel this is a good location for any Starbucks fan. And not a bad place to take a break with coffee, tea, or bakery items.2nd time in a month they've gotten my food order wrong. I ordered eggs bites both times and got a sandwich instead with the egg bites sticker on it... not that hard to readMaking my usual morning pit stop! Grabbed a delicious pumpkin spice latte and a breakfast sandwich. I ordered the double smoked bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich. It was really good. Bacon cooked perfectly and the bread was unbelievable soft. Wes the barista was super friendly and helpful! Thanks Wes!!Starbucks is a tier above most other local coffee shops in terms of quality of brew. It also has prices that you can expect from nation wide Starbucks franchises. 
Where this local Starbucks varies is their compliance (or lack there of) to what's seems to be Starbucks' mission. I was asked to verify the qualifications of my service animal. Upon doing so I had to again confirm these qualifications to the interrogating barista. This was at a busy hour with ample classmates and fellow students. I was forced to vocalize an extremely personal matter, thus putting me in an uncomfortable and intimidating situation.
I hope that this local Starbucks can stray from its antiquated management style and in the future be an inclusive and welcoming hub for Tulane/Loyola students and NOLA at large.I'm a SB fan through and through so I don't have any criticism about their coffee/prices/etc--it is what it is! However, I have noted subtle differences amongst the Nola locations. This particular location is quite convenient for me in terms of distance from my home but the parking sucks. I've been able to snag the one non-handicap position outside the building a few times and attribute that to God smiling down on me. 
It's not my favorite study spot because it is quite small and therefore gets quite loud; it is also a Tulane off campus coffee headquarters so you're bound to see someone you know (which can be a good/bad thing). Personally, I frequent this location more as a hangout spot with friends but there have been a few times where I run in to grab a cup before the start of a jam packed day--sometimes the wait is a tad long but that's kinda typical of SB.  When the weather is nice, I like sitting outside in their covered porch.Every single time I come to this location at least half of my order is missing or wrong. And by the time I've waited in their insanely long lines, I'm again given a cold replacement item. Also, after seeing my "birthday reward" order total only come out to $3.91 on the app, I sent my boyfriend to pick it up. Long story short they made him pay over $11 for 2 coffees. This location is a joke.i've gone to this starbucks for almost TWENTY YEARS NOW,
and though i've aged and some things have changed,
the service here 3 years ago went down hill.
many of us went to this location because it actually was fun,
but time moved and so did alot of the people,
and starbucks pretty much exploded in the last 15 years or so,
being that they are everywhere.
we still think of this place, but 3 years ago is when it started going
down hill will service.
that is sad.
but it is most likely confounded, as mentioned. locations are EVERYWHERE now, and people move on.
~peace
thomas :)This Starbucks is very similar to all others but I find the employees a little less friendly here.
It may be that most of the patrons are here studying or working so it's a more serious environment. It might be that everyone is just hard at work.  I just don't get a warm and fuzzy feeling here at all. People seem a little stoic.
My coffees here have been delicious, and the staff is very efficient.  I'll be back.Starbucks are not as commonplace here as they are in DC. For me, this is OK because I happen to like PJ's (local chain) and any place that serves Community Coffee. However, I still have some Starbucks giftcards leftover and when they sent me an offer for a free birthday drink, I had to hunt down the nearest location.
This Starbucks is not large by any stretch of the imagination. But it's got a ton of natural lighting and has a cozy, welcoming feel. This would be a great place to study or meet up with a friend for a chat. The drive-thru is non-existant and the "parking lot" is just a step above that. However, off-street parking seems to be pretty easy in the neighborhood so it's not a deterrent.
Kudos to the staff here for being friendly AND efficient.I know it might be more pc for me to like the PJ's down the street even though it  too is a chain (but a local chain)  and all, but I don't.  In fact I can't believe I would ever even bother to rate a Starbucks let alone give it four stars, but this place really earns it.  First of all, I love the building.  It is beautiful.  It has tons of natural light inside. The outdoor seating area is smaller than PJ's but it is so much more aesthetically pleasing and open.  You can watch people on the street and going into the building as well as the people sitting outside with you.  And, there is even a lovely fountain that birds play in that makes a soothing sound as you sip your coffee and breath in the fresh air.  
The staff here are extremely friendly and efficient.  I found them very personable.  I enjoyed talking with them on my several visits recently when I was in town.
The patrons are interesting.  They seem to be mostly law students.  They are pretty quiet.  When my friend I were here we were probably the loudest people here every time... LOL  They seem to be pretty friendly too except the guy that smokes the pipe on the patio sometimes in the late evening.
I believe now that the ATT wifi is free.  I accessed it with my IPhone every time I came in and I never paid anything or had a Starbucks card.  
I came here mostly for iced coffee before my strolls through Audubon Park.  The place where I was staying didn't have a coffee maker.  I had forgotten how good, rich and strong the iced coffee can be here. (OK, I still can't believe I am saying this.  I really did like the coffee.. iced and at this one at least!)  Also, I was pleased that they had naked juice protein drinks available for a decent price.  I would come by here regularly after my workouts down the street at Maple Street Fitness and have one almost every day.
Starbucks seems to be re-perfecting themselves (at least at this location).   I have noticed that their stock price has recovered a lot in the last year  too..  hmmm