Wow. We visited NOLA last week and took the truly awesome and informative  Steamboat Natchez trip on March 30. Can't tell you how interesting it was and pleasant. Plus these people are so well-organized and nice. JoJo reserved us a window seat - just could not believe the kind and excellent service. 
Very very nice.  Recommend!!!!This tour is one to take when you want to have a lazy day, but you want to do a passive activity.  Me & my friends didn't wan the lunch, we just wanted to take a tour of the Mississippi.  The cost was average - around $28.00.  Con:  Remember it is a tour, so they have the typical tourist traps - photographer - me and friends declined that option.  
I would suggest if you aren't going to eat - to pull out your smartphone and research the Natchez Native American Tribe who inhibited the area prior to the colonization of the New Orleans area - interesting "tid bits of rituals", so that made the boat ride more fun because I became the secondary tour leader to my group.  If you are in the mood-go get a drink and this will comfort you as you learn more about the area on a steamboat.  Not a bad way to spend a few hours.A big disappointment.  It began to rain heavily soon after boarding and we had a difficult time finding a dry place to sit while we waited for our assigned dinner time.  The lines for the bar were long, and our dinner was mediocre.  We were seated too far from the band to enjoy the music, and the staff seemed to be very disorganized.  For the price we paid, I had higher expectations.Probably my least favorite thing I did in New Orleans. It was a boring boat tour with a guide that had the strangest accent. It felt like he was slurring through the entire two hour tour. Not very interesting insights either and it was so freaking hot on the boat I was just trying not to pass out from the heat and humidity. They stuff these boats to the brim and it's a total tourist trap. The water is brown and there is little to see. Much better off doing a swamp tour so you can at least see alligators and birds.  The one positive is they don't charge an arm and a leg for cold drinks which are an absolute must on this tour if you must go. So many other fun things to enjoy, I'd skip this one if I were you.Skip it! Not worth the $27.50. The cruise itself is really boring; all you can see is trees on the side. The narrative tells you it was a battlefield and there are two plantations and colonial buildings as well but you can't really see them. There is Domino's sugar refinery and a huge natural gas plant - all steel, nothing really to see or enjoy. The steamboat doesn't give you a special feel, it's like riding on any other boat. The music is really good indeed -probably if they didn't have it, nobody would come.My boyfriend & I went on the Sunday Jazz Brunch Cruise today. I'm from New Orleans, but he's from Texas. We both hadn't been to this before, but it was fun! We boarded the boat at exactly 11am (don't be late because the boat is pretty prompt when leaving). You get to pick your table inside the boat (so you may want to get in line early). There is a photographer in front of the boat before you board; you can purchase a single big photo for $22 or the entire package (including magnets & smaller photos) for $39 after getting off the boat at the end. 
Brunch included cheese grits, biscuits, shrimp pasta, fruit cups, yogurt, creamy spinach, ham, gumbo, beignets, & cake. Food was pretty good minus the gumbo (just a little different tasting compared to gumbo I am used to having). Drink packages can be purchased with your tickets, but water, coffee, & tea are included with the brunch. I enjoyed the food & atmosphere, but it was hot inside the boat (with food being cooked & the amount of people inside). The jazz band was good! After eating brunch, we enjoyed walking around the boat & sitting at a table on the lower deck taking in all the sights. The boat docked at 1:30pm. It was definitely a fun time & something I would suggest for people to do if they aren't from New Orleans.Romantic experience, fun and relaxing.  Great for a date night.  Music was good, food was good.  We will be backHad a great time on the dinner cruise with friends. Thankfully the weather was breezy so it was fun standing outside on the bow, especially as the lights came on on shore. The music was delightful and it was a really fun way to cap off our vacation in NOLA.Ok, the dinner was terrible. Just awful. I am not fond of tasteless fried chicken and nearly dry cornbread. The wine was OK. 
But the tour and the rest of the experience was amazing!
The Steamboat offers dinner, jazz and an awesome cruise up and down the river with a fantastic overview of the history along the way. It was an informative and authentic experience worth the ticket. And while it was busy in our tour, there were still plenty of spaces to walk and sit and enjoy the view. And, as with everything else in New Orleans, you can take your drink with you.
Oh! And the jazz music is live! And you can visit the engine room. Too cool!
Do not forget a hat and sunscreen!I've been on the Natchez twice this year.  Once doing the dinner cruise (which is overpriced in my opnion but has very good bread pudding) and once without.  I feel like if you paid that much money to go on the paddlewheel that you probably should eat before and that way you can enjoy all of the sights of the ride so definitely eat before rather than do the dinner.  The food was good but it made no sense to pay for it with the cruise when you'd miss half of the cruise.  Nice people on the ship.  There's a mini steam room that's pretty cool for kids.Worth the cruise down the river, but do NOT bother with any of their food promotions.
Look, it's not a boat from the 1800's or anything like that. I believe it was built in the 70's or something. But you're in New Orleans, and these boats are a big part of the history and you should experience it to the fullest.
As a short 2-2.5 hour cruise, even as a local, it is worth the money. You can sit, stand, walk all over most parts of the boat, enjoy the sights and listen to the narrator. It's nice. They even serve drinks. VERY OVERPRICED drinks, but.... c'mon.
Don't bother with the food. For a seriously pricey premium you can take the cruise and get a lunch or dinner. I went on the Jazz lunch one time and it was just... meh. I was expecting a live jazz band playing some dixieland while I ate some etouffee or jambalaya or other staples like that. What I got was a piano player droning out modern day boring Kenny G jazz and a buffet of bland mediocre "New Orleans syle" food. SERIOUS waste of money. There are literally a dozen restaurants where you can eat in the immediate vicinity of the vessel, so WAIT and eat there. 
But like I said, the actual cruise is nice. I tell people to at least check it out all the time. Even if you LIVE here, you should check it out every now and then. 
I think they offer a cruise down to the Zoo. I'd like to try that.The dinner cruise pros: evening time is better for cooler weather and a great view of the city lights upon return upriver. 
The dinner cruise cons: the food was nothing to write home about.
My suggestions: Eat a hearty meal onshore then opt for the cruise only. If you decide to do dinner, book early and get the first seating (you eat before the boat leaves shore and will be able to enjoy the outer decks for the rest of the time!) 
Be sure to seat yourself on the port (left side of boat), this is where you will see most of the interesting items pointed out by the announcer. 
Bring your dancing shoes! The jazz-band is amazing! Also, be sure to walk back and view the paddle, and downstairs to view the engine room; they create a very unique experience! Also, free WiFi! 
Make sure to find a tour guide book- most have a $10 off coupon in then for the dinner cruise!Great tour offering a lot of facts about importing our table sugar, salt, coal, etc. Saw many goats used in shrimping and fishing. Enjoyed every bit of this steam boat tour! I didn't see the other steam boat until the next day and so glad we booked a tour for this steam boat. This boat offers great seats and great views. The other boat looked more like a tourist boat with benches lined up. The oh not so comfortable feeling. Steam boat Natchez is the way to go!The ride is quite boring but you'll learn about depth of water and the history of the boat and the city around just from listening to the operator talk.  The bars weren't fancy but it will do the trick.  It's the touristy thing to do and you should do it just because you're here and you might not get to do it the next time you're in town.  I suggest you do the lunch time tours rather than the night time ones because you'll get to see more of the scenery.  There isn't much to see when its pitch dark outside. 
Pros: You're a tourist, you like touristy things, take this trip.
Cons: Boring.  But not quite a total waste of time.  I used this trip to recover from my hangover from drinking way too much the night before.Amazing ride! Cornell is the best bartender ever. Makes a mean jazz punch! Look for him in the Captain's salon.Another tourist trap, and I don't care. I liked it. I liked the whole campy experience.  Got to ride up and down the Mississippi, listen to some live jazz, eat a decent lunch buffet and learn more about the city.  I probably wouldn't do it again, but I am glad to say I did it once.  A fine way to spend a few hours on my first trip to the city.We did the 2:30pm lunch on the Natchez. The boat was pleasant, we got the $12 beverage add on which gave unlimited bloody mary's, mimosas and the Natchez Punch. I will say don't get this for the bloody marys. They were terrible. We all switched to the punch and as long as you take care of the bartender, he will alter it to your liking. The staff was all great. Not a single complaint there. The bad part was the food. Nobody in our party was impressed with it. The fish was OK but the highlight was the bread pudding. With so many other great options to eat at in New Orleans, don't do this for the food. We are glad we did it to get the history of the shores and such but once was enough.Sunday brunch was delicious. Cheese grits, cream spinach, and gumbo were the highlights. Experience was great with the live jazz band playing. Only gripe is that there weren't a whole lot of dishes to choose from (other than 3 mentioned above, there were only 6 other food options). But overall, great price for a great experience!The Steamboat Natchez was excellent! The ride was lengthy and enjoyable and the guide was very informative. We also had access to a lot of the boat and were able to go into the engine room and see how the ship operates. If you are mildly interested in taking a ride on the Mississippi, you won't be disappointed if you ride on Steamboat Natchez.We took the Natchez to get a better look at New Orleans and the river; and were not disappointed.  The food was certainly good; and that's the point of this review -- I requested a vegetarian meal, and the servers and chef went out of their way to cook something up for me.  It was fresh, beautifully presented, and tasty.  And now it's time to dig up my grandmother's old recipe for bread pudding -- the batch on the Natchez was very tasty.I give a couple of stars because the steamboat ride itself was really nice and the jazz band added a Nawlins touch. Unfortunately, the buffet food served was nowhere near deserving of the ridiculous $77/person charged. The options were almost completely fatty and dry prime rib, fried fish that tasted like paper, and bland penne noodles. The server and staff were friendly, which helped our experience. Would consider doing this if choosing the non-meal option only.My wife and I took the afternoon jazz cruise and really enjoyed seeing a bit if the mighty Mississippi on this beautiful steam powered river boat. It was very crowded on board and I'm really glad that we were able to get seats in the shade because the sun was INTENSE.
The tour guide did an excellent job narrating the trip, and the workers were all very polite and helpful. I normally avoid the "tourist" things when visiting a new location, but I have to say that this little attraction was well worth it and I would highly recommend.Sunday jazz cruise without the lunch. Heard people say the lunch was good, but I'd wager that lunch in the French Quarter would be better (2 blocks away)! 
There wasn't too much to see but it is nice to slow down the trip a bit and unwind on the only working steamboat in the area (Creole Queen is not a steamboat). Tour guide over the speakers is unobtrusive but does tell some interesting about NOLA and the surrounding communities. 
Go inside and check out the jazz band, and the engine room downstairs. All in all, a good trip for just $25.We did a dinner cruise. Unfortunately, we picked the one day of our trip with 2 waves of thunderstorms during our cruise!  the jazz band, and passengers, were literally blown off the decks.  Also, we were expecting cajun buffet, but that was not what was served.  We met a lovely couple from Scotland as we huddled on deck.  We would actually give this another try, but would probably opt for the cruise only and would skip dinner.  The short time we got to enjoy the jazz band on deck before the storm blew in was Fantastic!!What seemed like a tourist trap actually turned out to be one of the highlights of our trip. Sam and Bruce were exceptional ambassadors and the entire staff made the voyage memorable.I thought this was a really fun experience.  The buffet dinner was good.  We had green beans, finger potatoes, creamed spinach, 2 types of pasta, roast beef, gumbo and roast pork loin.  The jazz band was good and touring the boat was fun.#NOLAtourism #chifoodie #foodtourism We did the jazz evening cruise.  The band played two sets both great.  The table service was attentive and the drinks were responsibly priced and in some cases cheap.  However... this is definitely a one time only tourist thing to do.  The narration on the boat was informative but way too short.  And most unfortunately food at the buffet was not traditional Creole fare-- instead it was the same buffet we could have a had a convention in Milwaukee.  If you choose to do this cruise-- buy the cruise only tickets, enjoy the drinks, the view and the band.  Eat before, afterwards or both.  Three stars for the experience.  One star for food.We took the dinner cruise and I was very suprised to have a very good meal.  The chicken was outstanding.  The trip was fun and interesting.  The jazz band could have played more... I only remember them playing one set, but they were talented musicians.   
I am pleased to say that this dinner cruise was worth the price.  (Color me surprised!)We had signed up for a lunch-time jazz cruise, minus the lunch.  It was relaxing being on the boat, and we bought a couple drinks.  The tour guide pointed out some interesting things but my biggest problem was that there was no jazz music.  The tour guide even announced that it was about to start, but nothing happened - no music, no explanation ... it was pretty disappointing.The food was cold and disgusting.  The waitress was rude. We were supposed to get a glass of wine but we didn't.  The worse experience I ever had.  I would not recommend this tour even if it was free.It was a nice experience, we took our two young boys, and since they could get up and walk around it was nice. On the down side, after we were done eating they gave our table away to the next dinner time, and we had nowhere to go! It was FREEZING out and we were more or less expected to sit outside for the next two hours!! Once we walked around and saw everything, we had an hour left to sit and freeze!We ended our mini vacation with this evening dinner cruise. It was a perfect ending to our NOLA trip. The sunset and scenery were beautiful. We had our anniversary dinner on the cruise, buffet had a great select and bread pudding dessert were fantastic too. In honor of our anniversary we received complimentary champagne as well. Our server was great and treated us like celebrities. 
The band playing throughout the cruise was great. They were very talented. I truly recommend that you add this lunch or dinner cruise as must do in New Orleans.Great thing to do while in New Orleans.  The food was good, the view was great, the narrator did a great job and the jazz band was very entertaining.  It was an all-around good experience.Interested in lunch plans elsewhere but wanting to go on a steamboat, me and my parents purchased tickets for the steamboat only.
Pros:
-Plenty of seating
-Lots of time to walk around
-Good history of the buildings we passed
Cons:
-It was raining the day we went (which is inevitable yet nonetheless sad)
-I guess you can smoke anywhere. Some guy was smoking an extremely potent cigar next to us...and an entire elementary school class on a field trip. It got me a little peeved.
It's a good touristy thing to do all together though, most of what I didn't enjoy was not the boat's fault.Took an afternoon tour on September 12th.  They take your picture as you get on, so you can purchase a photo, but we never saw where you get them as we spent most of the time on the open upstairs rear deck or ( bar while it was storming) watching the shorelines and sights as we passed by.  It was relaxing but nothing much special about it, as mostly just rusted hulks lining most of the Mississipi shore line or trees and vegetation.  Just the bucket list to ride on a paddlewheeler.BORING. 
The food was ok  - jazz band was cool. 
Steamboats are lovely but this was not a highlight. It was too long (stayed in dock for first hour) and food is generic. New Orleans is so fun. This fell flat.The best thing about this is the jazz band. They are AMAZING and super entertaining. The boat is nice and the views of the city are exceptional. Its a relaxing ride. We didn't have the dinner so no idea how good that is.Loved the boat and the trip but the supper is trash. I mean come on - this is NOLA where the food is great everywhere... except on this boat. Do yourself a favor and skip the supper.We had a great time.  It is a real steam powered riverboat, and the two-hour trip was educational, relaxing, and fun.  I enjoyed seeing all the sights as well as touring the boat.  The engine room was fascinating, but was exceptionally hot.  I can't comment on the food since we didn't eat on board.  I guess my only complaint was that I would have liked a much longer river tour.We opted for the cruise portion as we only wanted to experience the steamboat on the Mississippi River.  It's two hours round trip from Toulouse Street wharf.
Points of interest  -
Jackson Square/St Louis Cathedral
Algiers 
Domino Sugar plant
Exxon refinery
The Outlet Collection at the Riverfront
The cruise terminal
The bridge
We found an online coupon for a savings of $3.00 p/p.
Day cruise either 11:30am or 2:30pm.  We chose 2:30pm.  Around 3'ish, it started to drizzle, then rain downpour with thunder and lightning.  Folks on deck like ourselves started to look for shelter.  
The best part was the operating steam engine room.  You can walk inside and take a peek.
We posed for a photo at the onset but passed on the purchase.Do this every year for our anniversary.  Their food isn't as good as many of the other NOLA restaurants, but it's a nice experience dining on the river.  Their drinks are pricey, but I saw people BYOB so that is one way to get around that.  
Great band and a wonderful overall experience.The food was sooooo good! The drinks are strong! The band was great! But the service from the staff was terrible! If anybody hates their jobs it is this group of miserable fucks! I mean damn get a new job if you hate this one so much! Dont take the shit out on me! Our server was ok but was definitely not happy to be there maybe she was tired. The servers at the buffet were negative, talking to each other, and not welcoming at all. We went to the dinner cruise which is from 7:00-9:00PM we attempted to go to the gift shop at 8:50 before leaving the boat at 9:00PM. We attempted to enter as another customer was coming out, the lady behind the registrar screamed, "We are closed!" "That's why the door was locked!" We were so offened that she would talk to us, the customers in that manner!  My wife was so pissed! The boat had not even docked yet and you should close at 9:00 when the curise is actually over! For $166 for 2 people it is something we will never ever do again. Gina was the only person on that boat who was welcoming, actually smiled and loved her job! Every other staff person on the boat was rude!My family and I went on the Steamboat Natchez tour on our first full day in New Orleans. We are from Connecticut so we hadn't really seen anything like it and we enjoyed ourselves a lot. We went on a Sunday early afternoon in May 2014.
I would say there are three groups of people on this boat.  People who came for the brunch buffet, people who came to learn about the area/pay attention to the tour, and those who came to lounge on a boat with drinks.  Whichever reason you're interested in it for-there's potential for a good time. 
I was on board for the tour part, we opted out of the brunch due to some mediocre reviews about it. I wanted to be able to see everything the tour guide was talking about. We were advised to board early to get a seat on the front left side--but there were plenty of seats even after everyone was aboard.  Even if you don't opt for the brunch there is still plenty of food you can buy at the bar/snack bar. I got a frozen margarita, that was pretty nice. 
We enjoyed the guided tour portion of the ride, learned a lot about the area (being Yankees, we knew absolutely nothing when we started) My mother especially liked the voice of the gentleman giving the tour over the loud speaker--she said it reminded her of Disney World. 
They play the calliope when its time to set sail. Try not to stand too close to it, its SUPER loud. I liked it a lot more when I was several blocks away in the French Quarter and the distance created a decibal buffer.  
Don't forget your sunscreen!I opted out of the dinner package , seems like the folks that did eat enjoyed it , I was in it for the nostalgic ride up and down the Mississippi with a great Jazz band in the background . Dukes of Dixieland play a mean jazz and Mr . Broom sounds just like Louise Armstrong and I would like to say that you all for hospitality .Ok ride, food not worth the price. Not much to see along the Mississippi but other ships and warehouses.  Save your money for an Airboat ride.How do people like this?!?! The music is the most terrible noise I've ever heard. I think it made my ears bleed.Overall experience was good well organized and on time. The experience was very informative, nice and relaxing. Food was good and fresh. Server was nice and attentive. Photos of Nola from the boat in the evening sunset are very nice. Would recommend!The Natchez Steamboat was extremely touristy (we were tourists) but an appropriate way to relax in the sun and fresh air while nursing a hangover.   
Having been on many touristy boat tours with my family, the Natchez Steamboat isn't much different than the rest.  We took the "Harbor Jazz Cruise" which boarded at 11 and arrived back around 1:30.  The narration included points of interest and historical facts--but I missed most of that.  I was half asleep in the warm sunlight while my mother was people watching and enjoying a Cajun Bloody Mary (or two).  Overall, we both enjoyed our quick boat cruise.  I left well-rested and refreshed (with a slight tan) and she left tipsy and full of funny stories the bartender had shared.Took the Sunday brunch cruise and was pretty disappointed. As many people have already stated, the food is terrible, but the service was great. If you're dying to be surrounded by a horde of enormous sweaty people on a vessel, moving down a river, then this is your jam. I feel like they may have over booked it, because once the band came on, there was zero floor space around them. Speaking of the band... holy boring. They looked like they were at their own funeral. I'm pretty sure the horn player fell asleep a time or two. I was looking forward to hearing some loud lively stuff, but these guys couldn't draw a crowd to save their lives. Save your money and head on over to Frenchmen St. It's a better, less-touristy vibe, with much better music and food.It is with great sadness and concern that report that my business partner, Brian Cain,​ and I, as well as all of the attendees of our event, HexFest​, have been discriminated against by the Steamboat Natchez​ for our religion of Witchcraft which itself is recognized as a legal religion in the United States of America (see the following law memorandum at http://www.paganmade.com/temple/download/ckhtlawmem.pdf for details on this). We are writing this from the isle of Anglesey in Wales, where we are on our honeymoon and having to rearrange the most important moments of our life to deal with this discriminatory event. 
On the morning of August 7th, the coordinator of our event, Ty Siddiqui and I spoke on the phone with Deidra Edwards, Director of Sales for the Steamboat Natches, which is itself owned by your Grey Line NOLA affiliate. Ty and I were informed by Ms. Edwards that the owner of the boat had just found out about our Riverboat Ritual conducted by a Voodoo Priestess and featuring drummers and that he was canceling it for "religious reasons." The website describing it been up for over a year and we had explained everything that was going to be going on to Deidra on the phone and even referred to components such as drumming and voodoo in emails back and forth, none of which she expressed concern over because we had already discussed this by phone. Moreover, the Voodoo Priestess in question, national television personality "Bloody Mary," has been hired by Grey Line NOLA for numerous events on the boat through the years and, according to Mary, even our shop has supplied services for Mary in helping to entertain guests on the boat. In spite of all of this, Deidra Edwards informed Ty and me by phone that the owner wanted nothing with Witches or Voodoo for "religions reasons." In addition to this being incredibly discriminatory, it also put us in a precarious position given that this was two weeks before the event. 
Thankfully, we are now at the Creole Queen and Deidra did help with that so perhaps she feels some shame at the actions of the owner of her company. However, after she and the owner met with their lawyer, Deidra has revised the reason we were being cancelled, never having admitted in writing to the "religious reasons" she spoke of to Ty Siddiqui and I on the phone, but rather is now stating that they are canceling the contract because we violated it by having a drumming​ on the boat that they were unapproved and by selling tickets to "non-members" of our organization, both prohibited by their contract. However, I had addressed the membership piece of the contract by phone and Deidra had said that said that this didn't apply to us since we were a public event and not a membership organization to begin with. I also have emails back and forth referring to the drummers on the boat and to the Voodoo priestess and blessing she was doing and never once did Deidra act surprised by this, presumably because we had already discussed it by phone. Deidra Edwards knew all along that this was an event that sold to the public and that we were having drummers and a Voodoo priestess and that the event was for Witches. If she had an issue with the drummers or the public event, both of which they knew about, why wait until two weeks before the event to cancel? This is appalling. I realize she kept the owner out of the loop but he should have at least had the good grace to treat us as a customer and allow us to have our event at least for this year so we would have time to plan for next year's event in June, where we would happily rather go to the Creole Queen than be somewhere we are not wanted.
I have worked in tourism for thirteen years. I sat on the Board of Directors for the official office of tourism of Salem, Massachusetts. I have been an ambassador for tourism in both cities with appearances on Showtime, The Wall Street Journal, TLC, BBC, The New York Times, The Travel Channel (multiple times), and more. To treat us this way at the last minute, causing us to incur numerous costs such as flyer reprinting, several staff members allocated to calling attendees and presenters to make sure they know the location of the other riverboat, which is also much further away from the hotel we are at. There's a good chance we would have changed hotels if we knew we were going to be at the Creole Queen. 
Perhaps most disappointing about this is that it has put is in a compromising position with our guests, who now have to walk a mile from the hotel or rely on cabs that there may not be enough of in order to reach the new location which is 3/4 of a mile further away. We take our relationship with our guests seriously and we believe that the Steamboat Natchez and Grey Line Tours NOLA should take their customer relationships seriously as well. It is deeply distressing to think that they could treat this so cavalierly.Great food and great staff! The bartenders were more than patient having served me and about 19 other friends. The live jazz band was solid and definitely contributed to the New Orleans atmosphere. Jojo was especially awesome as she jotted down her favorite shopping and food spots in the city which we really took into consideration and enjoyed!! (Thanks again, Jojo!!)
We loved the boat ride with all of its great photo ops. We definitely would recommend taking a ride on the Steamboat Natchez as a fun daytime activity.Great time! One thing we didn't like was having to eat the second we got on the boat..do NOT get first seating. Food was ok...white chocolate bread pudding was GREAT! As you cruise the river a narration is broadcast by one of the captains, which was very informative. A great way to spend a couple of hours in NOLA!Dinner, live music, while on one of the last steam driven paddle boats that exist in the world. Sure why not. The food was pretty good, and so was the live band. While on the boat, they take you for a ride up the Mississippi River,  while the band plays, about half way up. The food is served including a dessert. It was well worth it.For the cost it seems cheap to go up the port and only turn around and no food or refreshments! Was not happy...Its a great way to spend a few hours, explore a steamboat and some history of new orleans associated with the river. I'd recommend getting a bloody mary and settling in a nice zone on the boat (away from screaming ill behaved children) and enjoy the boat ride. Listen to the commentary for awhile followed some jazz music and enjoy the breeze .Opted for the lunch cruise because it was much cheaper and the only big difference between lunch and dinner was the jazz band that was playing. Didn't opt for the lunch because the menu didn't seem so tasty in my mind... or at least, it's the same food I could get at a restaurant, why waste a meal on a boat that probably isn't going to be great? 
It was freezing the day we went and it started raining a little bit. I stayed outside for about half and hour and apparently, it was a smart move since the narration doesn't really continue after that point. 
It was one of those things to check off the "to-do" list, but the scenery wasn't great. Nice to learn some tidbits here and there but the narration wasn't so informative. 
Went inside to enjoy the band and some cocktails. Mmm I had a really good bloody mary, they rim the cup with cajun seasoning. Delish! 
Oh the engine room tour was not impressive... but I guess maybe I'm not a big fan of them? Or maybe I expected more?
Definitely glad that we did the lunch cruise. Saved a few bucks compared to the dinner price.Steamboats are legendary as are the Dukes of Dixieland, and on the Natchez river cruises, you get to enjoy both!  The Dukes have been famous for over 50 years with their traditional dixieland jazz music.  And steamboats were at the heart of the growth of our nation through the 19th century.  If you are in New Orleans in the Summer, I recommend the evening dinner cruise.  If it is any other season, the afternoon lunch cruise would be better due to the loss of sunlight in the evening.  (You would end up photographing white pin-pricks from scattered lights in a sea of darkness.)  On the other hand, the Dukes of Dixieland play on every cruise, so you can't go wrong no matter which cruise you choose.  The meals are served buffet-style, and it is "all you can eat".  The extra 10 or 12  bucks for lunch is definitely worthwhile.  The most popular item for "seconds" (and "thirds") was the bread pudding with bourbon sauce.  An extra $25 for dinner?  I dunno ... the food is good, but not great.  A lunch cruise is the best value IMHO, but a sunset cruise with the city lights just turning on is a photographer's dream ("golden time").Amazing night!!! The jazz band was spot on. The food for great. Each side excellent. The Natchez punch was great too. Got an amazing captain hat for $12. Def good back anytimeDragged my hubby here since I've never been on a real steamboat.  We did the evening dinner cruise and it was great!  Captain gave us a tour  around  the engine room and also learned a lot about the "real"  steamed powered boat versus other.  It is truly impressive and historical to see. Dinner is buffet style, I thought it was good (we're from Vegas.... enough said ) , the pork loin stood out the most to us ;)  definitely would recommend taking a cruise on the Natchez!Great little experience, although maybe a tad overpriced. But if they can command it, why not? A real (and the only) operating steam boat that travels up and down the river, with interesting and informative narrative the whole way. As many have suggested, site on the left side of the boat for the best views and association with the commentary. We did not get the food, but one little-known perk is that if you buy an iced tea, there are free refills for the duration of the cruise. A sweet deal, as it was blistering hot and refills were essential. Definitely walk around the ship to check out the engine room, head to the back of the boat to feel the splash of the paddlewheel, head to the top deck for great pictures, and wander inside to check out the live jazz band!We had a fantastic time on the steamboat last night. The atmosphere was great and food was good- especially the fish and shrimp, as well as the bread pudding! We received fantastic service from Lisa who was not our waitress but saw that we had not yet been tended to and then went above and beyond to make our experience wonderful.I was in NOLA and my friend Jesse G suggested doing a this dinner cruise.... So he made the reservations  and we all showed up. 
For 60.00 +/- you get to board the boat in the early evening, enjoy a really nice buffet dinner and listen to a great Jazz band...
Fist, the Staff was great... from the lady who took our ticket when getting on the boat, to our waitress to the bartenders working... all really great and friendly people.  You couldn't ask for more.
Once on the boat, you can go and eat, go to one of the two bars and grab a drink.. and explore on the boat... the engine room is open for you to check out... very cool.... I highly recommend you don't skip the engine room.
The food was all you can eat, buffet style... Now before you turn up your nose, it was REALLY GOOD food.  They had a cajun/blackened style catfish that was great.... Some kind of pork loin that was delicious and not dry as most mass served pork tends to be... but perhaps the best thing was a rosemary chicken breast that was some of the most tender chicken I've ever had.
The Jazz band they had playing was really great too... I'm not sure if the band changes, but it made for a pleasant evening!
The "cruise" itself might be better during the summer.  It was dark when we left and a bit cold outside... so we didn't do much site seeing.
If you are planning a trip to NOLA, I would put this on the "cool to do if you have time" list... Not the "must do list".  
In all, great people, great food, cool boat, great music!Great tour of the Mississippi- it can be extremely hot depending when you go and where you sit-id recommend purchasing the dinning plan option.My brother and sister-in-law came out to visit from California for a long weekend. We were looking for something low-key to do on Sunday. This fit the bill - it's perfect for first-time visitors. We did the Sunday Brunch cruise and sat at the table right by the bar and the band. It was nice to listen to the band while we ate. We sat outside the rest of the cruise, listened to the tour guide and took photos. Lovely Sunday afternoon.Since I had some free time today, I decided to take the Steamboat tour. It was reasonably priced. You could either choose to get the lunch included or not. Either way, the tour was nice. The narrator gave good information about the sights we were seeing and about the boat itself. The jazz band was pretty good and it was just an overall good time. I would definitely recommend anyone to do it and would soon again, myself.This is a really good break from all the craziness of downtown & Jackson Square. $60 for two on a two steamboat ride wasn't bad. The ride was smooth and the announcer was informative. The cool breeze was right on time too. There is plenty of history & plenty to see. Family & large group friendly, we enjoyed the two hour break from the hustling & bustling of the street...until the crew came around selling their picture package. Other than that, book the cruise, sit back & relax & enjoy the ride.First let me quantify that "one star" actually equals ZERO. While New Orleans is clearly a spiritual "melting pot" of many traditional and non-traditional religious and spiritual paths including Voodoo for which it is known for and for which is a large attraction for tourist who inevitably may choose to ride your riverboat cruise. 
But to find out only now, that your organization has discriminated against a contracted and booked charter tour for the purpose of celebrating just that spiritual diversity the city of NOLA is known for based on religious grounds is unacceptable. 
I myself have plans to visit the "crescent city" for a convention and will let my dissatisfaction be known. This is not just now, this affects the future. I will be visiting as part of a large convention group as well. I will not patronize - and will encourage others to not patronize any Gray Line event in NOLA.My daughters and I did the jazz dinner cruise last night. The cruise itself was nice and informative. We learned some very interesting things about New Orleans such as it is six to eight feet below sea level! We were informed that this is the reason for the above ground cemeteries because if you dig down six feet, you'll hit water! So interesting! 
The staff was very friendly! The lady who led us to our table from Gray Line was very upbeat and enthusiastic! I wish I could remember her name. Jamie, our waitress was also very nice. 
The cruise itself was $48, with dinner,  $83 per adult. There was salad with a vinaigrette dressing already on the table, which was pretty tasty. The food was available buffet style. I chose the green beans almondine, creamed spinach, cajun pasta, prime rib, roasted pork loin, and chicken gumbo. 
The reason for the two stars is the food. I was surprised at the poor quality. The green beans were tough and borderline stringy. The creamed spinach and the cajun pasta were bland. I'm wondering if they were from a can. The prime rib had a lot of gristle and the roasted pork loin was very dry. The chicken gumbo was unremarkable, to say the least. As for dessert, the bread pudding was inedible. Aside from the salad, the bananas foster was the only thing I enjoyed. 
As much as I don't want to tell you what I was thinking about the food, I must because if you're like me, you depend upon Yelp to help with your choices. That said, the food reminded me of what would be served in a nursing home for a holiday meal.......no kidding. 
I wouldn't advise bringing children on this cruise as it was crowded and the rails are a bit lower than what I'm used to. My grandchildren are well behaved and I wouldn't bring them. 
I would highly recommend the cruise itself for the information, sightseeing, and live entertainment. Do yourself a favor, save yourself $35 and eat before you get on the cruise.Boat ride was very nice and informative. Was not impressed with the food, but it was $11 so I can't expect but so much flavor!Overall meh, we opted not to have the buffet, the announcer was informative, and the jazz band was the highlight. Would've probably enjoyed it more if the weather were warmer. My teenage Kids seemed a little bored.We were in the south so of course we (I) had to experience a steamboat/paddle boat. We didn't see good reviews regarding the food, so we just took the jazz tour.  It was very good.  What impressed me most was when we toured by the area that hurricane Katrina just destroyed the boat went silent. It wasn't told to, but It was as if everyone paid respect to those who have suffered and continue to struggle to bring New Orleans back.  The tour was very informative and enjoyable.Fun trip. Wouldn't waste time with the buffet as it is typical "buffet" quality (meaning poor) and there are too many good places to eat. 
Sit on the port side of the boat as this is where most of the points of interest are as the captain narrates the tour for the first half. On the way back you are entertained by the band. Nice two hours.We took the Jazz lunch cruise to celebrate my birthday. The crew are friendly and the food was really good. There is a 15 minute history of the banks of the Mississippi and a great jazz band.Booked a same day morning cruise and from the beginning to end, it was wonderful! 
I had made a note that it was my mom's and my birthday. When we were boarding, we were wished a happy birthday and shown to our reserved table, by the window! We enjoyed our spiked lemonades ($7) and then had lunch. The food was wonderful from the jambalaya,  blackened roast chicken, salads, fish and the bread and butter pudding. (I enjoyed a second helping of the jambalaya!) 
For the first half of cruising, we listened to the guide talk about the history of the Mississippi and on our way back we enjoyed the sweet sounds of jazz. This was honestly a memorable cruise and tour and it made our birthday extra special, thank you!Food was good. Sights and live jazz was fantastic! Great photo ops! After dinner be sure to go to the front of the ship to get a good seat for the history lesson.The 6 of us in our group bought our tickets for the Steamboat Natchez on the day of our cruise. We took the daylight cruise at 2:30. 
It was fascinating to hear the history of the Mississippi River, both from Native American times to recent history regarding Hurricane Katrina, a free tour we did not know was going to occur.  The boat has three floors and  we sat up on top by the paddle wheel (it results in some awesome pictures). The live jazz band was nice, even taking requests and playing songs for people who had special occasions on the day of the cruise (there was a newlywed couple on board and a girl celebrating her 6th birthday!)
The lines to buy a bottle of water can get long and they tend to run out before you get to the front of the line, I had to try the snack bar, the gift shop, and was finally able to get a bottle of water from the main bar.Great experience of New Orleans on a real steamboat. If you're hungry, the lunch with a live jazz band is pretty decent. Very friendly staff!!!The experience is what you are paying for and not the food. I believe I read somewhere that the tour is 3 hours long with a lunch. Sadly, our tour was only 2 hours long and we left 30 mins late so it was more like a hour and a half. The food was what I expected. Fried "probably frozen" catfish fillets, dry corn bread, cole slaw, okra and bread pudding. Nothing spectacular but it got the job done. Always wanted to be on a river boat so it was a fun one time experience.The good news is that it's fairly affordable. The bad news is the long lines and the lack of seats onboard. Get there early if you want to sit through the 2-hour boat ride. People seemed to be enjoying themselves though, running around with drinks and plates of food. The gift shop personnel were not attentive. The boat crew though were quite friendly.The only exciting thing about this river tour is that you are on the Mississippi River.  Other than that it was awful.  For starters you wait in a long line to board the boat because you forcibly have to take your picture.  Mandatory, no way around it as we were told by some extremely rude Natchez River Boat Tour employee.  I Love New Orleans and visit frequently but I will never do this tour again and would not recommend.