Went food was great service a little slow but still enjoyed it very much very good steakThis is one of the few fine dining restaurants in the Lakeview area and the only steakhouse.  The ambiance leaves a lot to be desired and the space itself is a long narrow stretch.  The food is usually good and the service is typically excellent.  This is a pretty good value for a nicer restaurant but they certainly could use some work in the interior to make it a bit nicer.Very good food and even better service. I'm not sure why a steak is $40 but I will probably go back. The ambiance would have been better if it weren't for the tables of loud drunk women but I can't really blame the restaurant for that.Well worth the money if you want a great steak! Portions good and the service and atmosphere was nice!Well, this is a great LOCAL steak house, plus some. The escargot is yummy with a twist of mushrooms, which I haven't had before. You can't go wrong doused in butter with snails & shrooms!!! The smoked salmom app, while sounds plain & simple, is really fantastic. Had the porterhouse for 2 and it was "light's out"! There were other favorites & the atmosphere was entertaining. Wine list was way above par.
For Lakeview and New Orleans in general, I highly reccomend Steak Knife!!!Perfectly cooked steak, which is hard to find. This place is worth the price, as well! Bar a bit loud but great service!Great neighborhood place to eat. The apps are amazing and the entrees are really good too. The best kept secret in town is the famous Rosie's martinis; if you come on a night she is working make sure to try one. The only down side is the bar closes a little earlier but the service and food is great!Great Neighborhood steak joint. The Asparagus is great, I like their crabmeat appetizer. There steaks could use a little more seasoning, but overall a great experience!Ended up having a wedding rehearsal dinner here. I thought it was great. They set everything up really well and the steaks were outstanding. We all had a blast5 stars! We wanted a steak, and to stay in Lakeview. It had been years since last visit. There were not any pictures or many reviews, so we were skeptical. 
However, the entire meal was outstanding. 
Appetizers: escargot and smoked salmon. Recommend both. Escargot served with mushroom caps, sauce, and crisped toast for dipping. They were full of flavor. Smoked salmon was good quality, and delicious. Served with standard accompaniments.
Salads: blue cheese wedge and "Serephine" were both delicious! See pics. 
Entrees: ordered three, 9 oz filets, all were tender and tasty. Again good quality. Also tried shrimp bordelaise which was served with potatoes and green beans, tasty and lots of flavor. See pics. 
Sides: loaded baked potato and spinach, YUM.
Dessert:  good end to a great meal. 
Will be back, soon!Just had a wonderful evening at the Steak Knife. My mom and boyfriend each had the 9oz filets, cooked perfectly. I had the Gulf Fish Robert, amazing. Our server Jessyca was excellent! Can't wait to go back.We went for dinner last night and were very pleased. Here's the report... 
Decor: The space was very lacking in this regard. The lighting was nice...but there was absolutely nothing on the walls...very boring space. 
Service: Service was top notch. Absolutely no complaints there. 
Prices: I'd say the prices were SLIGHTLY on the lower end compared to steak houses in New Orleans (a.k.a. Ruth's Chris, Mr. John's, etc.) 
Food: 
French bread and butter - French bread was hot and crunchy and delicious. Butter was just standard butter and did fine. 
Butter and dill crostinis - These were tasty...though we really couldn't taste the dill. It was a great compliment to the crabmeat augratin. 
We got a side of creamed spinach and it was perfect. A lot of the time when I get creamed spinach it's got way too much cream in it...it overpowers the spinach. Theirs was so delicious. 
Crabmeat AuGratin - I'd give this a 7 out of 10. It was tasty and had enough crab but it could used a little kick/seasoning to it. 
Wedge Salad - Really good...but it's hard to get this wrong. Very fresh lettuce, good blue cheese dressing. 
Ribeye - Absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly! My husband asked for a little bit of blue cheese crumbles on the side and then he put it under the steak and then just let the juices flow into the cheese. VERY good. 
Veal Medallions with crab and mushroom sauce - Really very good. The veal was cooked perfectly and there was a satisfactory amount of crab on it. No complaints. 
Wine: 
Saintsbury Pinot Noir - I love this wine and found it to be very reasonable at $50...especially considering I usually pay $32 for it at a wine store...so the mark up was minimal. 
The bill: Not bad at all IMHO. 2 appetizers. Salad. 2 entrees. $50 bottle of wine. Total bill: $143 before tax and tip. 
I would definitely go again I just REALLY wish they'd spice up the decor...and the crabmeat augratin.Always a great meal. Service is very good. I love the veal. Two nice size cutlets. Very yummy.No denying it, our steaks were delicious. But were they worth the 40 minute wait in this drab atmosphere? Probably not. The big redeeming factor here is the attached jazz club. Loved it and would go back for drinks and music but forgo the $100 dinner.Three things that are always consistent at steak knife: great service, good food, perfect cocktails.Too expensive for the generic steakhouse quality, but a darn good meal for the Lakeview neighborhood of New Orleans. 
Kudos are immediately offered for a martini well done. The waitress took to the bartender my query as to whether or not they had blue cheese stuffed olives for the drink. The bartender's response was to stuff some on the spot so that my martini was delivered just as I hoped it would be!
An appetizer of flash-fried oysters was succulent. Thank goodness we've had a cool fall along the coast so that the bivalves are plump and sweet. Whatever the reason, however, the restaurant gets credit for excellent preparation and accolades from my table. 
Salads were pricey add-ons that disappointed everyone. My recommendation is that you skip these altogether. 
Steaks, the signature item, were just fine. Their selection of cuts is much too limited for a place that has "steak" as part of the establishment name. Mine wasn't prepared as I would have preferred, but it wasn't so far off the mark that I felt a need to request a re-do. That being said, for the price they charge, they should get it right, no matter what. 
Perfect ambience and decor for the casually upscale neighborhood. Attentive and cheerful service throughout the meal. Every reason to visit again and bring guests along.Okay, my experience here was a bit of an anomaly, given that I showed up after the 610 Stompers Ball Crawl, wearing gym clothes, a sweatband on my forehead, and a full mustache. (It was quite the 'stache, if I do say so myself.) I had no idea I'd be walking into a relatively nice restaurant where the women were most definitely not wearing mustaches and gym shorts. At first, I expected to get disdainful looks, and felt I was being a bit rude, but people pretty much rolled with it. 
I was told we were going out to dinner, but I had no idea it would be me and a bunch of fraternity brothers I'm friends with from way back in the day. So it's me, in a mustache, and five frat brothers who haven't changed much at all since Tulane, so you can imagine we were a bit of a rowdy group. 
"Dinner" consisted of drinks down at the far corner of the bar, plus an appetizer or two, so I can't tell you much about the menu. But they do serve Blueberry Stoli at the bar. So that's always a plus. 
I'd be curious to check out the Steak Knife under more normal conditions, maybe when I'm not dressed like a wannabe 610 Stomper and we actually sit down at a table for dinner. 
There was live music in a separate room, but I didn't get a chance to check it out. It's something they do often, as far as I can tell. This is very much a Lakeview neighborhood-y kind of place, it's a bit like being transported to old Metairie or Bucktown or something, but not in a bad way. 
The bartenders were sweet and put up with us cheerfully, and people were more amused than offended by my mustache and completely inappropriate attire. But that's just how we roll in NOLA, ya herd?One of our regular dinner spots in Lakeview.  We always enjoy eating at the bar.   I've always had a great steak here.So so so so happy with my experience here. Great offerings of steaks and sides. Warning the sides are sharable size so don't let your stomach out pace your eyes. My steak was prepared exactly how I ordered it. Service was exceptional. Full bar did a great job on my mixed drinks and the wonder offerings where good for my wife. Really couldn't be happier with the experience especially since we had a party of 6 and the server had no problems. This is on my list now as places to return to.Let me start by saying, Courtney is awesome. We came in on a Saturday night... late. She was more than accommodating at the bar, made our drinks to perfection and scored us a few apps (even though the kitchen was technically closed). I've lived in Lakeview for several years, and we have never been to this establishment based on their random yelp reviews. I'm happy to say we side-stepped Mondo (thank God) and visited the Knife for the first time. The bar is great for people watching and has plenty of space to spread out. We WILL be returning again in the near future to sample the entrees. If you're looking for a good place to grab a couple drinks and apps this place is it. If you're going in on the weekend... definitely ask for Courtney at the bar!I had a good ribeye and the potatoes au gratin were good.  Not great, but good.  I seem to remember this place being better in the past.  The service was courteous.  The atmosphere reminded my wife of the steakhouses in NYC.  For this price, I want a very good experience, and things were just "ok."Our family went to this local restaurant for my step-father's birthday dinner. To start, we had no problem finding handicapped parking. (This may seem like a no-brainer, but you may be surprised at how difficult this is at some places). When we got there, we were seated right away, according to our reservation. We had an extra person join our party and they had no problem accommodating. We ordered drinks which were brought out in a timely manner. The entrees do not come with sides...you order those in a family-style way. I got the Veal Medallions, my step-father, brother, husband and son got filets and my mother got the fish Robert. I was not impressed with the veal...the medallions were fine, but not the buttery tenderness I was expecting. The crabmeat on top was actually quite tasty, but I found the medallions themselves a bit greasy and not very flavorful. The STEAKS, however?!?!?!? Well, it IS called The Steak Knife...so I should have known to get a STEAK, but, silly me......Anyway, they men all got their steaks in varying stages of doneness, and all were perfectly cooked to order. We got garlic spinach and potatoes au gratin for our sides and both were delicious. All in all, I DID expect more from the veal, but the majority of the meal was up to expectations. Prices were a tad high, but it IS a high-end steak house, so they were not unreasonable. I am certain we will return for our next special occasion.The Blondie Dessert OMG a MUST!!!!
Prices: average 
We had a wonderful, wonderful time last night!  Our waiter Bret was wonderful and the bread and water/drink young man was adorable and very attentive! Thank you!
After our meal at a table, we sat at the bar and had such a fun time talking to the other customers!
Thank you thank you for such a lovely evening! We will definitely be back!Great food and service.  Had the ribeye and it was perfectly done.  Service was excellent too.14oz strip was cooked to order. Au gratin potatoes tasted boxy, but we use fresh at home. Bar couldn't make gm splash for wifey. Her filet was good, have had better quality steaks. Probably won't go back, nothing special. It ain't the chop house !We love this restaurant. Two at our table had steaks and steaks were cooked just as ordered. Had marinated crab claws to start...delicious. I had the shrimp bordelaise...exceptional. Another had fried shrimp which were huge, fresh and fried perfectly. Service as usual would be hard to beat. Glad we live close by but we would certainly travel across town to enjoy this great food and dining experience.I really like the food here, but last night, we sat at the bar, ordered drinks, and the bartender just took two glasses and dipped them in the ice without using the scoop!  When I told them it's against code, she said when they are busy, we just forget sometimes...I asked for check, paid for drinks, and left.  Too bad, because they have the best brandy Alexander's in town.The food is really yummy and the drinks are ok. The ambience is pleasant but the service is dreadful. We sat at the bar with Michelle as the barmaid. I have dined almost everywhere in NO & it's rare to receive poor service but this person was so rude and uncaring. She was very attentive to her regulars, which would be fine if she weren't so snarky with us. My colleague asked her a question and she simply walked off w/no recognition at all. For the absolute first time ever, I refused to reward poor service. I gave less than 10%!  I will not return any time soon, at least, not to theWent here after kid's recital.  I ordered the porterhouse steak medium rare to rare.  Rest of the table ordered a porterhouse and strip steak.  As I start cutting my steak, it's tough and medium (closer to medium well).  So I cut closer to the bone and it's still medium with barely pink.  I ordered medium rare to rare.  So I notify the waitress and send it back.  A few minutes later, the waitress brings the same porter house back to me with the bone cut out, and large cuts down all sides of the steak to reveal the color  every inc and I'm told that the chef says was medium rare by the bone.  
I've eaten steaks at just about every steak house in the city and other cities.  I know what medium rare is, and especially if I tell you medium rare to rare.  Don't send the steak back to me with the bone cut out and tell me that in the light of the kitchen it looks rarer.  The waitress was sorry to be sent out (she was fine by the way).  No manager came, no chef came.  If you're going to take this approach, don't send the poor waitress to make your case.
The other person in our party who ordered the  porterhouse ordered hers medium rare and it was done right with the meat near the bone even being closer to rare -- as it should be.  It's understandable for a restaurant to overcook a piece of meat once in awhile.  What's not understandable is to cut the bone out, send it back to the customer and argue about it.  It really ruined what was to be celebration.  We spent a pretty penny.
Do yourself a favor if you want a steak in New Orleans, there's too many better places and places that will treat you right than to be dealt with like this.I visited Steak & Knife last night 7/7/18 with two friends at 8:33 pm. The last client seated was at 8:30pm.   I was with two other beautiful ladies and the hostess, smoothly turned as if she had practiced this scene many times, " You will not be served until 9:15.  The scene:  the left side of the restaurant (tables) was empty as well as the right.  The booths were filled only on the right side and bar on the left.  The hostess looked like someone from the 60's era.  I politely told her I had never experienced such in my life. 
 I was looking forward to eating with my friends at Steak & Knife since I had heard the food was good but not now.  I did post this on Facebook and the chef had inappropriately "Liked" this.   I hate he did that.   I am a minority professional female.  It is sad that our money was not green enough.
I forgot to add on Harrison Avenue.The steak was under seasoned & underwhelming...not very flavorful. The crabmeat au Gratin was light & delish with some of the best potatoes au Gratin I've ever tried. No doubt we'll visit this well established restaurant again.
I almost forgot to give our server Brett his kudos...he was informative & patient with our indecisiveness because I wanted 1 of everything!The food is really yummy and the drinks are ok. The ambience is pleasant but the service is dreadful. We sat at the bar with Michelle as the barmaid. I have dined almost everywhere in NO & it's rare to receive poor service but this person was so rude and uncaring. She was very attentive to her regulars, which would be fine if she weren't so snarky with us. My colleague asked her a question and she simply walked off w/no recognition at all. For the absolute first time ever, I refused to reward poor service. I gave less than 10%!  I will not return any time soon, at least, not to the bar areaI cannot put into words what a TERRIBLE meal I had at this miserable excuse for a steakhouse. Our steaks were not cooked to order, all of the sides were a la carte. Which would be fine if the food was any good at all. It isn't. It's been months since I ate here, but honestly, I hold it up as one of the worst and most expensive dining experiences I've ever had, so I figured I'd warn people. AVOID. HARD PASS. Don't make my mistake.Man alive!  3 tables in the whole restaurant.  The five of us ordered 2 bowls of soup, 1 order of noodles, a chicken and a fish dish.  Nearly an hour to be served.  Food wasn't even average.  But at least it was expensive.   :-(.   Asked to speak with a manager twice.  Nothing.  Waitress didn't even apologize.  Rather said we only waited 45 minutes.  Asked what was our problem?  This place is like a restaurant from hell.  Save yourself the disappointment.  Bizarrely terrible!  Horrible!Although this is a fine dinning establishment, the service is AWEFUL. The chef is absolutely rude and while the atmosphere is quaint, the prices do not match the quality. I ordered a steak (a la carte @$39) and after taking ONE bite, I informed our server that the steak was prepared plainly. I then returned the steak to the kitchen. I was never asked if I would prefer a seasoned one. I was also told by the chef that the menu didn't state that any of the food was seasoned with salt and pepper and thus it's bland and I was supposed to use the salt and pepper on the table. When I expressed my disapproval of a food item, I was given a box with the same item AT THE DOOR and told I still had to pay the bill. The chef informed me there was nothing he could do with the steak that the company has been in business 40 years so it doesn't matter if I don't like it. I've never been treated SO RUDELY in my life. I will never return and inform everyone I know of the rude and AWEFUL service of this establishment. Tonight was one of the worst dining experiences I've had in my entire life and I have been to MANY steakhouses across the country.The only decent  food was the steak. The ceasar  salad was full of mayo.  My son got the chicken breast dinner, it was $18 for one very dry breast. Over priced,  over rated. Save your time and money. Any other steak place is better.My husband & I LOVE steakhouses.  And we've been to our fair share of places to know good steak.  So when we moved back home, we were so excited that Lakeview had a Steakhouse close by home.  The Steak Knife was one of the 1st restaurants we tried once we moved back home...and to our disappointment..we were not amused or satisfied at all.  We had better..WAYYY better.
For a place to be called "Steak Knife" you would think there are more options in cuts of beef.  It wasn't flavorful..lacking the natural Aged Beef flavored with just salt and pepper you can just get at Ruth Chris or Mr John's Steakhouse...or even better BONE in Atlanta, Georgia (still living that dream)
We had the Escargot to start..wasn't memorable.  And we also had the Ribeye....all just not all that great.  There was no Bone in Option..nothing that screams Quality Steak Restaurant.
The ambiance was also very boring...lacking the character you usually find at local dining.  
Overall, my husband and I will not be back.This was literally me worst experience at a restaurant. Firstly, the receptionist was extremely rude and gave my friends and I attitude because they had a table set up for eight and two people didn't show up so we were six. Secondly, service was slow. They took about 25-30 minutes to bring drinks and the bread. Then I ordered the fried shrimp, which I do not recommend, because it has no flavor without the tartar sauce. It tasted like oil. Later, the bill came and they told us that they do not do separate checks so we decided to pay with a debit and the rest cash. Twenty minutes later, the server comes back and tells us that they don't take debit cards. They did notify us of this beforehand and this was my only form of payment because I don't have a credit card. The server leaves us again for twenty minutes trying to find his manager and comes back and says the same thing . Then we get up to find the manager and he tells us to go to an ATM and get money. I told him this is unacceptable because nobody notified us before we ordered and it's not our fault that their machine isn't accepting debit cards. The manager then laughs and says, " I haven't seen anyone pay with a debit card in 75 years." 
All in all, our experience with this restaurant was horrible. I do not recommend this restaurant to anyone. If you're looking for a place to enjoy a meal with great service and friendly workers, this is not the place. New Orleans is known for its outstanding hospitality. Go to any other restaurant and it will be better than the experience you would have here.We went to Steak Knife on the recommendation of our New Orleans friends.  Not Ruths Chris, Mortons or any of the other big names.  Steak Knife.
Learn that name if you are wanting a steak in New Orleans area.  Its in Metairie off of Canal so its not in the CBD.  But it is totally worth it if you are craving a steak. 
We ordered the Ribeye and the eggplant appetizer.  The eggplant is a dinner sized portion so bring your appetite when you come.  
The Ribeye came a perfect medium rare.  The cut was beautiful as was the char.  Everything about that steak was mind-blowingly perfect.  And it was seasoned to perfection....and let me tell you, it absolutely melted in our mouths.  The wife said that it was the beat steak that she has had in a very long time, and we order ribeyes.....a lot.  And I agree with her.  We paired the steak with a bottle of Meomi Pinot Noir which is a beautiful bottle.  
If you are in the mood for a great steak, I would not hesitate to recommend this fine establishment.  Kudos!!!Stopped in with some friends for a casual drink at the bar. The drinks were great, but the bartender was so rude and unaccommodating that it made the whole experience terrible. He refused to split the check and was borderline indigent when asked to. Despite the fact that we liked the drinks and appetizers we ordered, we will not be back anytime soon.I ate here a few months ago, and I'm not one to usually complain, but I have to write a review of the food here. 
The waiter was pleasant. 
The place was clean.
The food was terrible. 
Maybe I'm wrong, but if I order a $50 steak, I feel like I shouldn't have to season it. 
My friend and I both ate here, paid around $140 for the meal, and nothing was seasoned. Everything tasted so bland. 
I'll never eat here again. If you want a really good steak, go to Ruth Chris... they know what's up... Hell, Turtle Bay, a bar on Decatur, in The Quarter has a $16 dollar steak that puts this one to shame.Great service! The servers and bar staff are great people who are awesome at their job's, but the "chef/owner" Bobby Roth is a flat out miserable person and treats his employees and customers like garbage. You can tell this place use to be great, but now it's a sad, old steakhouse with no character and employees who are doing their best to hide from the awful management. I've seen and heard the management scream and yell at the servers which such disrespect that I could never eat here again.If I could give ZERO STARS, I would.  The management could care less about customers or food quality or service. Waited 30 minutes for menus and another 60 minutes for entrees. Steaks came out at the wrong temperature. Food was bland. We tried talking to the manager who first walked off on us, then came back and yelled at us, and told us never to come back. I should mention that I was with my 80 year old parents for father's day. The night was truly ruined not by the service or food, but by the horrid way we were treated by the "management". I will NEVER RETURN and will urge everyone I know to choose one of the literally thousands of other restaurants in the city.I just had the worst experience, I have ever had in a restaurant,at The Steak Knife. I have dined there many times, as had my close friend that accompanied me.
When my friend was served the crabmeat au gratin, she had ordered, she asked me if I thought her au gratin looked right.
When I looked, I saw it looked nothing like crabmeat au gratin. It was a dark brown, like soup, no crabmeat, no cheese. She called the waiter and expressed her dissastisatisfaction.
He took if back to the kitchen. And very quickly returned to say that was the proper dish and asked what she wanted added to it. My friend, her nicely said the chef should be able to determine that
He then came back and said nothing else could be done,would she like something different. We explained we had come for that specific dish and requested that we talk to the manager. Then the hostess came over, my friend once again asked to see the manager. She replied she was the manager, my friend expressed her disbelief respetfully,the girl left the table. Almost immediately a little man comes charging out 
Of the kitchen, slams down the bill in front of me and yells at me that the bill had been adjusted  (meaning he had taken the au gratin 
Off ) and if we did not pay the bill and leave, he would call the police and have us arrested. Before he stormed off I asked him who he was and he said he was the chef.
As we were ladies in our sixties, we felt bullied
and fearful as to our safety. Plan to never 
Return.
A common practice Steak Knife?
Deonne DNo wonder the restaurant was half empty. Very disappointed in meal. Crab salad entree was small and minimal. Corn and crab soup was watery with little flavor. Veal medallions were tough.It's great to have good restaurants outside  of  the French Quarter, CBD, Uptown area.  So I'd really like to be favorable  about this one.  But I can't.  The space  is fundamentally undecorated. Particularly the back room  where there is one  window, 3  mirrors and no art.
The menu gives you very few choices and there haven't been any specials  the last two times we went. The steaks are fine, but expensive.  And the service is okay, but not  professional. We had a fantastic busboy last night. But the waitress was basically Chili's caliber.My waiter asked if I wanted the red or white cabernet sauvignon. So there's that. The steak was gross and low class. If you want a quick steak dinner that's not focuses on quality, come here.Have been here several times. Last night shared the crabmeat au gratin, eggplant, and escargot appetizers. The escargot were fabulous, however, I thought the other two were simply OK. I ordered the ribeye which was good, but not special.  Service was very good.  Recommended.In addition to snooty service, the crabmeat au gratin was more au and gratin than crabmeat, and the sides bundled with it -- green beans and potatoes -- were shockingly bland.The resto should remove the word restaurant to "sports bar".  The place was quite bright and the amount of TVs and casual dressing clientele reduce the ambiance of this establishment.  The service people were helpful in basic tasks but addressing but when a steak comes out requested black & blue and comes out medium, there was no "let me fix it" mentality.  The server acknowledged it was completely wrong but made no suggestion.  We all just looked at each other.  No one moved.  The dust started to settle.  Well, we mistakenly accepted it.  The dessert options was nothing special.  Majority of the dessert items was all about Häagen-Dazs Ice Cream.  Seriously, guys.  Pretty much this is a below sub par restaurant and you should just go to applebees for a steak and Dairy Queen for dessert.Went again last night.  This time I tried the tidbit appetizer and it was different but I don't feel the need to try it again.  The table also tried the fried oysters were small but good.  Lastly, the crabmeat au gratin was good.
I had the NY strip with bordelaise sauce and sauteed mushrooms which were excellent.  The steak was perfectly seasoned.  The mushrooms were tasty.  
The Joel Gott cabernet sauvignon was an excellent choice.  All in all a memorable meal.  Recommended.  Might try the veal with crabmeat next time.Steak knife is more then just delicious food. The have a great bar area. The bartenders make amazing drinks. Try the brandy freeze, you won't be disappointed. They also have someone playing the piano on the weekends.Is this a Steak Restaurant or a sports bar? Seems confusing as it's bright  and there are several TVs in the section to the left. Maybe the rest of the restaurant isn't like that but it wasn't what I expected. The drinks were delicious- ice chips in my martini and The Sazerac was made correctly along with the French 75. Got the Caesar salad which was on point. 
Now to the steak...severely disappointing. Ordered the 8oz filet (whatever the largest filet size there was as we were sharing), Pittsburgh blue. He said they can do it and well...just no not. The steak came out with grill marks, not blackened...and it was cooked medium to medium rare. Not much flavor either. The waiter came over and looked and even agreed, "well that's not Pittsburg and looks medium."  Disappointing. The check didn't even reflect the misfortuned steak. 
The dessert list had ice cream for every freaking dish so that we passed on. Boring. 
Won't be back for their steaks.