Stein's is, by far, one of my favorite sandwich joints in town. They have a fantastic selection of food as well as beverages that you won't know what to do with yourself when you first walk in. It can be a little overwhelming if you go at a busy time (like lunch), so make sure you don't let that turn you off. The staff is nice, but they're pretty no-nonsense. They want to get you your food as soon as possible without stinching on quality. That's partly what I like about it. They work like a well-oiled machine, but they're sorta laid back at the same time. 
My usual? The Sam sandwich with an Abita Root Beer. Pastrami, swiss, russian dressing, and cole slaw on rye (if you want it) bread served hot with a kosher pickle on the side. It's absolutely one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever tasted. And that's just one sandwich on their list of deliciousness. There are a bunch more that you have to check out as well. It's a great deli with a cool atmosphere. And they're picnic tables outside, so you can enjoy the lovely Magazine Street while you eat. 
So get yourself to Stein's, pick your sandwich, and go talk to the funny little guy behind the register. You won't be disappointed.Everything is delicious! I recommend pre-ordering over the phone if you go around lunch time. This place gets busy but it's fantastic!Gooooooood frakin food! The sandwiches coming out of this place are nothing short of amazing. The Reuben is to die for. Came out pipping hot. Nearly melted my face off trying to eat it. If you are looking for something lighter, try the Italian Club. Prices are high but very much worth it.Stein's is great and honestly, i've only ever had a bagel there. They have the best bagels in the city, which isn't too hard to do in New Orleans, but they still rock. They are a touch more expensive than Artz, though. 
During the weekend, it's quite busy and can take up to 20 minutes to get your bagel, but worth the wait. I have yet to try a sandwich here, but look forward to the day I do.The only Philly Cheese in New Orleans that is the authentic Philly you get from Geno's in Philly. My northeast sandwich shop for sure.Best deli in New Orleans hands down.  The meats are imported from Italy.  Prices are good.  Had the Tuscan Panini today and it was wonderful.  Old time deli with a few grocery items.Love this place and stop in once or twice a week for their vegetarian sandwich on ciabatta with no cheese/no dairy. It never disappoints - the veggies are always super fresh and the bread is perfect. Easily one of the best delis and casual lunch spots in New Orleans.Maybe the sandwiches are good.  I made the mistake of ordimg a knish.  So awful I spit it out.Stein's is always an interesting experience. Maybe it's the smell of funk and pastrami in the air (although that's gotten better with the new hood)? Perhaps, it's that only 33% of the original floor tiles remain? Does it have anything to do with the eclectic mix of Jewish-Philly centric decorative items? 
I think the experience starts and ends with the enigma that is Dan Stein, but the sandwiches are good too. Do yourself a favor and always get seeded rye. Check out the back beer room too, it's managed by a local celebrity and member of the twitter-illuminati. I've already said too much.
Tips and more questions to ponder:
- don't show up during weekend mornings or weekday lunch unless you're comfortable with crowds (think packed train on a Mumbai summer)
- get coffee from Cherry, cappuccinos are nice 
- does Andre ever leave the deli?
- why does stein wear a batman watch?
- keep your eyes open, this place is popular with actors from the left coast.
- don't ask for Cantillion
- bring tribute 
- Cobb salad is a hidden winner for you paleo people
- why exactly did Dan leave Philly?Had the corned beef special - one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Would definitely stop by again (and I'm from out of state so it'd be a long drive)!Lehaim friends! If your here try the Loxes or the Reuben like any good yeladim would! Also, check out the top secret beer room in the back, just don't get caught sipping any or they'll kick your tookhes out on the streets!Been to Stein's 3 or 4 times over the years and went back again yesterday for some sandwiches.  We ordered the Dan and the Vegetarian. The Dan was a really good turkey sandwich with bacon and cheese. My daughter liked the vegetarian. The sandwiches are high quality and they don't skimp on the ingredients. 
Stein's receives five stars for longevity, value for the money and the great magazine street location. We'll be back.A great New York Deli a little pricey but well worth it. Kind of an eclectic atmosphere and sometimes you have to wait a while for the food.Service was quick. We had Reuben sandwiches and White Bean stew. The corned beef was seasoned well. The soup was very tasty. I hear it is also the best place in New Orleans to get beer.This is a must stop for me in the Irish Channel of New Orleans. Steins is legit! Amazing sandwiches with a funky, fun vibe.  I think Stein's holds up to any sandwich across the country!Best Reuben Sandwich I've ever had....Wish they had a larger dining area.One of the things people tell me when they visit NOLA that stick out to them is the general lack of customer service.   Everyone has that general, half ass could give a shit attitude.  As somebody who works in customer service, maybe I have higher expectations.  Dont get me wrong, the sandwiches arent bad.  Nothing amazing.  If this Deli was in any other city, you would never hear about it.  But its NOLA, and the Jewish Deli is a rarity here.  So Ive been in this place 4 times.  Each time I come in, I get the same beardy long haired kid whos helped me.  God he sucks.  He seems so generally uninterested in doing his job, that it bums me out.  He never makes eye contact,has general poo-face and hands me my change without even looking at me.  The minute he interacts with his fellow beardy tattooed co-workers, he comes alive, laughing joking, etc.  I dont have a problem with beardy tattooed dudes. Im one myself, but I DO have a problem with this guys attitude like hes doing ME a favor for taking my money for a sandwich that is ....fine.  Just fine.  To that beardy kid with the stick up his ass,  You may be in a rock band in your spare time, or an artist, when youre not at the deli, but when you are? Just be decent.Some have said the owner is rude but I couldn't disagree more.  He opened the store for me on a monday when they are normally closed and was really helpful showing me the impressive beer selection.I wish I could try every sandwich and have the bagel cream cheese and smoked salmon at least once a week. So good, still craving that soft bagel.Stein's is a good ol deli packed with treasures like pickles, candy, beer, and wine. Rugelach and pasta sitting on shelves calling out to be eaten.
Every Saturday and Sunday the place is packed with hungover (and just hungry) people of all ages standing in line to get roast beef, turkey clubs, or my favorite the egg and cheese bagel. 
The service is quick and to the point. What do you want, no smiles and no chitchat. There are long tables inside and outside so you can choose your seating or take your food home. 
I believe that while they have an extensive array of alcohol you cannot drink on the premises (which is weird because you can drink on the streets in our city).
Last time I was there they were out of everything but plain bagels and then messed up my order a bit but I don't even care because where else in New Orleans can you stumble in in pj's and get a bagel sandwich quick, cheap, and yummy?!Another great visit to Stein's. This is a must visit every time we come home to NOLA.  The Sam did not disappoint.  My husband had a bacon, egg, and cheese bagel and corned beef knish.  He was in heaven.  Purchased our first Stein's challah and cannot wait to try it.  Great food, great atmosphere!As a Philly native, I love the spirit of this place! The food is legit deli style fare. My boyfriend had an Italian hoagie (that's what a sub is called in Philly) and I had a delicious homemade soup with a huge pickle on the side. Love the little market they have as well. I picked up fair trade organic chocolate bars for a bargain. With so many great options to eat in or take out, you have to try this place!Best sandwich to graze my lips thus far in my years on this beautiful planet of ours.  Ordered BLT on pumpernickel, and it came toasted, heaven! My gal pal ordered a hot pastrami & Swiss on toasted rye. I had a bite and it was effing delish!  My greedy self wanted to order another for the drive back home. Regretting I didn't. Alas.....
If I'm EVER in New Orleans again, I'm heading right back to Steins.  
P.s. The decor was interesting, the service was awesome and the atmosphere a delight. Now a warning, DO NOT PARK in the private stalls of the delis shared parking lot. You will get towed! Enjoy!Not much on atmosphere but the food was excellent. We had the "Sam" which was hot pastrami, Swiss cheese and coleslaw with Russian Dressing in rye. It was delicious. We also had the muphuletta (their spelling) and that was also really good. Saw other people with various sandwiches as well as bagels with cream cheese and Lox. All looked great.Best Deli in Town!!!
It brings me back to Canters back home in LA.  The meats and breads are super fresh and you can tell a difference!!  Not the place you need to go if just visiting NOLA for a couple of days but it's worth it!!I just want to say this is what service is supposed to be like. Mike at the deli was extremely nice, professional and knew his deli meats. I had asked for Stein to put together an appetizer plate for a New Years party that I was attending on short notice and Mike and the staff nailed it. I can't wait to come back here. Thanks for all the help and tasty food. We def brought in the new year right.Dan and his crew are awesome in every way.  They always treat me like a king and I'm just some dude.  The food and cold cuts are outstanding.  The beer selection out back is awesome too.  Not really sure what else I can say.  Oh yeah.  I was walking home one night from a local bar and Dan offered me a ride home for no reason whatsoever.  Mensch.Oh god, I love Stein's. And in theory, I shouldn't because it has a lot of things that normally drive me nuts in other settings: long lines and nowhere convenient to wait for your food. But Stein's has such great sandwiches that I can excuse all that. Now that I live a few blocks away, I am happily within walking distance of Stein's. 
When I go to Steins, I mainly get the bagel with smoked salmon. I don't get to south Florida or New York often enough to satisfy my cravings for bagels that don't suck (coughEinstein'scough) so when the urge is overwhelming, to Stein's I go! 
One of these days I'll get something else (it's been a while since I had a reuben there). Plus, they have an awesome bottled beer selection, though I'm still totally confused about whether you're allowed to actually drink said beer on premises.Really liked Stein's. It has a nice busy vibe, the food is great. Finally found decent bagels in NOLA! 
Had a bagel plate with lox and cream cheese. Simple, delicious and easy. Next time I'll try the pastrami and matzo ball soup.
They also have an excellent looking deli case with meats to be cut, bagels to go and a small selection of gourmet food products. Now I know where to go to buy a 12 lb. jar of preserved lemons (for $30 which isn't a bad price for such a huge jar).Truly a reason for my continued existence. Their bagels are by far the best in New Orleans, and Dan Stein is a legend. He is archetypical grumpy deli owner, and I appreciate him in my bones. Their sandwiches are delightful, but again THE BAGELS. Also, their water in the front is the coldest in the region. I miss you, Dan.This is very cool and unique place right off Magazine Street next to the Donut Shop. It has a lot of Philadelphia inspired decor and theme, along with a tons of foods, drinks, and loads of canned and bottled beer selections that you can buy. The food was very very good. I ordered the Italian Sandwich and my wife ordered the smaller sized Philly Cheesesteak with provolone cheese, they tasted fresh and were really good, and filled us up.  This is a great local place that's a good spot to check out if you like unique sandwich shops with a variety of items.
(One note, it does get cramped inside as there is little space when crowded due to the display carts and shelves)Great Ruben and Italian!   Very authentic sub shop.   Highly recommend if your in the mood for a great sub or sandwich.I wouldn't call this place a New York deli by any means!!! how do you screw up a Ruben? not once, but TWICE? The place needs a better ventilation system! They need help with their customer service! and they need latex gloves when serving food! that's just the basics guys, come on! Gloves 
What's up with the Alcohol? You can buy it on premises but you can't consume it on premises? 
Better places to eat all up and down Magazine, save your time and money!I love this place. As soon as you walk in the smell hits you and you get hungry. I found this place by accident and absolutely love it. The dude at the counter can be kind of a dick but whatever, the food is legit. Kinda expensive though. 12 bucks for a small muff?!I'm from the East Coast originally, so Stein's feels just like the sorts of places that I grew up with. No, the owner who checks you out doesn't chat or smile. Yes, it's crazy busy and crowded at lunchtime. Yes, you really do have to wait 20 minutes for your sandwich. It's still one of my favorite lunch spots. The Foxy is superb, as well as their smoked salmon and Reubens. If you're craving great orange juice, they'll squeeze it for you by hand. The whole place is kind of a zoo, but in a comforting way rather than in a nasty way. You'll find yourself coming back over and over to try the whole menu!Great sandwiches, they're pretty quick with service awesome beer selection in the back. My boyfriend just tried it for the first time this week and he's been going every day since ha he's hooked! They also sell cool snacksPlace is cool.  I had a breakfast sandwich which was good. My husband had the SAM which was delicious!   Coffee was pretty good too. Definitely recommend this place.This is a Fantastic place to eat!!! The Racheal is one of my favorite sandwiches!!  Great beer selection "try the 3 Philosophers"Possibly the BEST beer selection in the city. They have everything. The sandwiches are well worth the money and the wait for gear food, either get the Rachel or the tongueDan asked me what kind of meat and sauces I was looking for, so I went on a whim and ordered his recommendation: "The Rachel". 20 minutes and a bottle of Mexican Coca-Cola later, and I've become a fan.delicious turkey sandwich would have had the corned beef but I was almost in a meat coma after being in NOLA for 4 days. Really funky very NO vibe, a little pricey  for a sandwich, but it was excellent.This one place I can guarantee that we will be visiting again when we come back into town. The food is  amazing! The way they treat their customers awesome! The beer room is even better we grabbed a few to bring back home.A funky- slightly dirty...Jewish and Italian deli that actually has really great sandwiches. The place is usually very crowded, and being that it's tiny and cramped it's definitely hard to maneuver (especially with food in your hands). They have a nice selection of drinks, both adult and kid friendly. Service is usually blunt and potentially rude, but it definitely suits the atmosphere. Thus far, the Ruben here is one of my favorites in the city. This is one of my reliable spots for a good sandwich in the city.Makes me hungry just typing bout it.
Stein's wins my award for Best Sandwich in New Orleans. I consistently order "The Heather"- a.k.a. "The Dan" con avocado, which is basically heaven on bread. The saddest day of my week in Monday, when they are closed. Where else can you enjoy an amazing sammie with an oversized jawbreaker? Simply fantastic candy selection.
If given the opportunity, definitely check out the beer class offered by owner Dan Stein. Great for groups and individuals, and although highly informative, I learned nothing due to my impressively low alcohol tolerance. If spring, go for an Abita Strawberry to sip along the way.
Not only is Stein's my favorite sandwich stop, it is a staple to local businesses in New Orleans. They provide wholesale services to restaurants and shops who are just starting out and cannot justify ordering from large distributors, helping them along the way. 
Congratulations, Steins Deli. Expect your trophy any day.As far as delis are concerned Stein's is the best in the city. As far as beer selection is concerned, Stein's is also in a class if it's own. Figure what you want before you get in line.Good sandwiches with good quality of foods. However it's expansive.
I don't remember the name of the one I took, but the one with tomato tastes like regular tomato salad from south of France. 
If you don't find any good vegetables except at whole foods go there and their sandwiches can be good substitute to remember your home country!!Delicious Pastrami.  
Just recently had a catering order with Deli Platter, Smoked Fish Platter , Garden Salad, Egg Salad and Chicken Salad.  All delicious, presentation wonderful.  I will use them again.   
Thanks for all your help!Best bagels in town! Authentic Jewish Deli in Nola! Crowded but worth it! Much better coffee than District next door! Love this place!I love this place for its New Orleans vibe and New York style deli Sammie's. Go with a big appetite because portions are uge (as my mom says) and not for the faint of heart. 
I also love their breakfast sandwiches - and most of all the fact that they have bialys. If you haven't had a bialy before, call a day ahead and order some. They are like a blend of an English muffin and a Bagel with onions and poppy seeds crammed in the middle (no hole, just a crevice).I have only ever had the bagels. I'm from NY and eventually need to get my hands on some bagels in a way I think only Ny bagel fiends can understand. 
My local friends told me this is so0o0 Ny and the best. Yeeeeaaaaaahhhhh, eh, the bagel was nothing to write home about but to be fair it is your best bet in Nola because I've looked everywhere. Service didn't leave me feeling warm or fuzzy.
Probably better off getting a sandwich though because everybody raves. Worth a try.Fan-friggin-tastic sandwiches! Customer service and cleanliness leave something to be desired, especially at the price you pay.Best bagels in all of New Orleans. I'm from New York so I can say that. Also the people who work there are incredibly pleasant and have a nice charm to them. Would definitely reccomend.Cute, small and homey old fashioned feel. Have never eaten inside just take out. Hear the sandwiches are good but haven't tried one yet.My favorite sandwich shop in New Orleans! I recommend this place to anyone but in particular to beer lovers. Can't consume at the location but great selection of 6 packs and singles.My home away from home. Dan and Andre are the best! The deli meat is amazing. My favorite sandwiches are the Italian Hogie and the Kelly. But, my all time favorite is "The Liz" - named after moi. It's an off the menu secret... ask for it and I promise you won't be disappointed.Dan and his crew are awesome in every way.  They always treat me like a king and I'm just some dude.  The food and cold cuts are outstanding.  The beer selection out back is awesome too.  Not really sure what else I can say.  Oh yeah.  I was walking home one night from a local bar and Dan offered me a ride home just because I was tipsy.  Mensch.After making a few trips here to get some of my fave West Coast beers, I finally had a chance to try a sandwich today and I was a very happy girl.
The Mumbler was ciabatta loaded with delicious, salty prosciutto, arugula and tallegio cheese, which had a nice brie like texture. At $10.99, it's a bit of a splurge, but I didn't feel cheated since they weren't skimpy with the meat. Pickle on the side was okay, but not the best.
They work quickly and no-nonsense and I appreciate the great selection of beer.Such an awesome place, their sandwiches are delicious!  I love prosciutto and have had almost all of their sandwiches with prosciutto and have yet to be disappointed. This is a must try, it does get busy but it's worth the wait!  The staff is really nice too!  If you're a fam of craft beer, they have a really good selection in their beer room.  Every time we're in New Orleans, we always make a stop to grab a sandwich for the road.Delicious and busy deli at all hours of the day. I had a Hot pastrami with Swiss cheese, grilled onions, and mustard on marble rye bread. It was recommended by the cashier as a first timer sandwich - and it did not disappoint! I enjoyed the sandwich in its entirety (and it was a HUGE sandwich) because the pastrami combination with the grilled onions was quite fantastic! 
It's definitely a unique stop, but make sure you are mentally ready for the wait. I waited at least 20 minutes for the sandwich, and usually the line to order is OUT THE DOOR. But again, it is very satisfying and I'll be back to try their breakfast items next time :)If you're looking for a New York style Deli in the heart of New Orleans you've found it. They serve what is probably the best Reuben in town along with plenty of other really good sandwiches. The place can get crowded especially around lunch hour. The atmosphere is strictly New York attitude meets NOLA laid back . The bagels are really really good also, and when you get them with cream cheese, the cheese comes already spread thick. They sell beer but you can't actually drink it there. Basically the beer is to go only.Being from new York I appreciate a good deli and this one is on point.  Had a bunch of friends visit through the years and they all felt the same. The bagels are very good.  Good coffee, free refills.  Incredible  beer selection also.  It's a very unique looking deli, definitely worth the wait in line.Went to Stein's last week based on the Ratebeer recommendation and scored a bunch of outstanding beers that are rarities or not distributed in CA. 
Dan et al were very helpful and I was so stoked on the beer selection that I forgot to get a sandwich. I'm looking forward to getting back to Stein's on my next trip to NOLA. Thanks, Guys!This place is the shit.
Everything I miss about NYC bundled up into one hip, dirty, crowded, rude, and delicious location.
The bagels alone are worth the wait. 
The most authentic you will find this side of the Mason Dixon line. 
Why?
Because they are par-cooked and shipped from NYC.
Not perfect but close enough to get me out of bed in the morning.
Sandwiches? 
Yeah, they got those.
An extensive list of stoner-esk flavor combinations.
They also have a weekly rotation of daily specials that are as equally charismatic as they are flavorful. 
Any spot that tips their hat to Wu-Tang with Pastrami gets my $$.
And that ain't nothing to F$CK with.
Beer?
Excellent collection but be warned: YOU CANT DRINK THEM THERE.
(but you can outside)
Beards and attitude?
Oh yeah, they got those too.
You better know what you want and how you want it or you're outta there.
A Jewish version of the Soup Nazi.
This place attracts an eclectic crowd in very large numbers. 
During peak hours, be prepared to wait up to thirty minutes for anything ordered.I loved this place.  I got a turkey sandwich that was so big I couldn't finish despite how hungry I was when I started.  Loved the atmosphere and their great selection of different beers.  I swear Magazine street restored my faith in the eating establishments in New Orleans.Stein's has phenomenal sandwiches. My girlfriend brought home a sandwich one day, but it became soggy on the way home cause of condensation. Regardless, it was so good we decided to swing in and eat it fresh out the deli. Best pastrami ever.
This place is by no means modern and hipster, I would call it more rustic/mature. But hey, can't judge a book by its cover cause these sandwiches are put together so well. They give you two types of pickles, one pickle is on the lighter side (which I love the flavor is super subtle), and the other is real heavy which is also great cause you can alternate pickles.
Definitely returning to Stein's. They have a beer room in the back too for those who like craft beers!I went to Stein's post-night out in NOLA searching for something to satisfy my hunger but not throw me into a feeding frenzy. The friend who met us suggested the Rachel "because it's the only sandwich that matters" at Steins. So I went with that, a bowl of Matzo Ball soup (because I'd never had it and have always wondered) and some fresh squeezed orange juice. Luckily the rest of the meal was better than the orange juice because it was awful, to put it frankly. It was more of an orange drank than OJ. 
The Rachel was delicious and everything I'd expect from a Jewish deli, juicy pastrami with tangy Russian dressing and crunchy sauerkraut and gooey melty cheese. Heating up the other half that night and crunching up that seeded rye was even better. 
The matzo ball soup was warm and soothing - the soft and pillowy matzo ball is what I want instead of noodles in my soup from now on. Seasoning was mild which is exactly what's needed after a night filled with chargrilled oysters, cake balls, and roasted garlic fries. 
Now for the real star of my visit, the condiment that I cannot stop thinking about, that I really want to duplicate  so I can eat daily. The honey nut cream cheese. Good lord. It's like butter and cream cheese had a baby and then named her honey and sprinkled her with cinnamon and sugar. Jesus was this shit delicious. I would eat bagels daily if I could have this cream cheese stocked in my frig in a never ending supply. 
Since I didn't get to go to their epic beer room on this visit, I'll definitely be back for that and some bagels and lox, with a vat of honey nut cream cheese to go.Great lunch there this week. Original corn beef and kraut was excellent. The beef was lean and sandwich over stuffed just like I like it! My only criticism was the seating and that we had to drink beer outside ...so didn't have my favorite brew. Typical of magazine Street restaurants the parking could be problematic depending on the time of day.  Highly recommend this deli and I will be back.4.5/5 stars. Very busy on a Sunday during the day - means it must be good! Lots of options and homemade options. I ordered the bagel and lox - would recommend. The muffalata is also a Nola classic! Had to try.
You must also check out their beer room out back! Lots of options. They've also got a nice little deli food selection for purchase. Air conditioning! Nice place to cool off to get some food.
We came in with four people and found a seat fairly quickly- before our food came.I had my first pastrami sandwich at katz deli in new york city. my palette instantly fell in love with this amazing sandwich.
returning home to new orleans, I tried a on of different delis/restaurants for a pastrami sandwich that came even close to katz deli. i am still searching. fail!
steins deli, however, does serve the best pastrami sandwiches in the city of new orleans. this will have to do until I visit new york again.The pastromi sandwhich is amazing and all of the funny signs and posters on the wall keep you busy while your waiting for your sandwhich for 3 hours.Tried the Rachel and it was very good.  Served with 2 pickle spears...perfect for the crunch and to help with the saltiness of the sandwich.  For $14.39 though, I expected more meat or a bag of chips included.  No frills, busy deli with tables and various grocery items.  Parking can be difficult.  Expect a wait (10+ minutes to pick up food).  Look forward to trying other items and would recommend to others.Ahhhh It is ok but the cost is too much for what you get on average.  This is certainly nowhere like the size of a sandwich you get at a real New York Deli like Katz's.  They make ok sandwiches but they always leave me hungry and it takes about two to fill me up.  They do have many items that are hard or impossible to find at other locations in New Orleans.  Steins also has a very nice selection of cheeses and beer.  They also have some interesting events.  Usually not my first choice when I'm in the mood for a sandwich but it is pretty near my house so it is good for a quick fix.Never disappointed, my FAV deli!  The Lox bagel is so good.  This place is one of the reasons I miss Nola!!The deli is small, so you may want to get your order to go.  I felt rushed to order, but I was searching for a menu to make my selection. I ended up getting the Italian hoagie.  It was pretty good, but i still swear by the gambino sandwich at Cochon's Butcher.  Stein's has a great selection of drinks, and deli items.  I would definitely keep them in mind for holiday party trays.Stein's is the only legit deli in town and as a Northerner, I was so happy to find it.  I highly suggest the TCM sandwich (turkey, avocado, swiss, tomato, lettuce and add honey mustard) or the bagel with lox (get the large order! comes with shaved thin red onion, capers, tomato.)
my only gripe is that because it is the only deli in town, everything is $2 more than it should be.  sometimes I want to say, guys I'm from New York come on....Stein's rocks. The bagels are great. I love the bagel cream cheese red onion and lox sandwich. Also, the Dan (honey turkey, bacon, swiss, lettuce, tomato with mustard and mayo) is AMAZING. Any of their sandwiches are good for breakfast, lunch, or dinner because they are so hearty.
I do have to say though, the service isn't the nicest and tends to be a little slow because of the long lines (especially on weekends), but as long as you go in there knowing that you won't be treated like a king, this place is great.Bad service, but a pretty good sandwich. They're trying to imitate a New York deli like Katz where their workers are surly and give you hell for not knowing exactly what you want when you walk through the door. The difference is Katz is jam packed and it's understandable. Steins doesn't have to be like that so the bad attitude is very gimicky and 100% unnecessary.Stein's. Every time I go in here I think "...what IS this place?!" Amazing LEGIT bagels and lox. Top notch coffee from a rotating roaster program. Insane beer selection with cutting edge beer trends (who else has multiple styles of Berliner weisse? Or Oude Krieks? Norman ciders?). This place is my Mecca.I finally made a visit to Stein Deli and talk about a great sandwich. I went with a TCM, which is turkey, avocado, and swiss on wheat. The sandwich was overflowing with goodness and left me full even after lunch. It was so fresh and just tasty. I also like the feel of the New York Style deli here in NOLA.Is a sandwich worth $11? Why, yes! Turns out it is! After sadly shuffling away when the doors were locked on a Monday (note to everyone: lots of places are closed in New Orleans on Mondays) I came back on Wednesday for a GIANT Reuben-esque pastrami sandwich called The Rachel. Due to certain activities the night before, I wasn't feeling terribly well, and at first I was disgruntled by the hot, cramped atmosphere of the deli (tables jammed together, people tripping over one another). Then I sat down with a cup of self-serve coffee, my bountiful sandwich, some Dirty chips and a Vitamin Water and sent prayers of joy and thanks to the food gods for sending Stein's to New Orleans. Next time I will help myself to their tantalizing selection of meats, cheeses and other delicacies to take home to Mid City.