I like the coffee here and everyone is fairly nice too.  They have a nice selection of pastries and some sandwiches and it's a good place to chill and enjoy your purchase.  Sometimes it tends to get a bit crowded from the tour groups the congregate right outside so you have to watch for this.  Also, if you buy anything that you want to put jelly on, they may charge you extra for a jelly packet as my friend found out recently.  :(  Otherwise, it's nice and they have a nice patio for you to sit on when it's not over 100 degrees.Pecan bar was good, iced mocha was okay...service by the Cashier eh...was trying to ask what certain pastries were and she seemed annoyed...so why not put a display sign in your case labeling your pastries if you don't want to be asked about them? Pit stop for a tour...so didn't exactly have any other alternatives.Almost across the street from Lafayette Cemetery, this coffee shop is really cute. It definitely gets hot walking around the Garden District and nothing is more refreshing than an iced coffee. I ordered the french vanilla iced coffee and it would have to be one of the best flavored coffees I've ever had. Even my boyfriend who is NOT a coffee drinker said it was pretty good. Make this a stop as you are walking around looking at the beautiful homes in the neighborhood.Fantastic spot to stop after a walking tour of the Garden District! Great prices, fast service, and clean facilities! We ended up getting tea and bagels for breakfast then returned awhile later for some frozen lemonade!I had an iced coffee. It was ok. 2 stars.
The surly guy behind the counter ruined my experience. Awful customer service. I would never return or recommend this place. Zero stars!I go here very regularly and I think the baristas are very nice. 
Maybe the people writing these reviews are the rude ones...I liked their espresso and iced sencha tea, but I wouldn't really recommend the food here. I only had one pastry but it was just so average.  It's a great stop if you're in the area though - great baristasAn okay coffee shop that we popped into during a break on our walking tour in the area.
Plenty of seating. Tons of people with laptops, making use of the wifi. I ordered an iced mocha. It tasted just like chocolate milk, not so much like a mocha coffee drink, but it wasn't terrible. Service is extremely pleasant. Super super nice people work here.This place is a normal coffee place- good coffee, bagels, muffins And quiche. Everything was fine.. Except for the service. The woman behind the counter snapped at us, rolled her eyes at another customer, and in general was very rude. I wouldn't go back.The staff members were extremely rude.  They're way more invested in the personal conversation then acknowledging who's waiting. All four of us went either before or after the tour and we all had the same experience. I get they're probably annoyed with all the people stopping by either before or after the cemetery tour. But what a way to give tourists an impression of the locals in that area.Great Coffee Shop with the best pricing !
If your in the Garden District, and need a break this place definitely hits the spot. If I was a local it would be a weekly visit for sure.Popped in after strolling through Lafayette Cemetary #1.  Really, just needed to use the bathroom.  We ended up with coffees, tea and fruit, all of which was very good.  The iced green tea was especially surprising and flavorful.  Wait staff was nice and the layout is cute,  Plenty of AC!  A worthwhile stop if you're in the area.A nice coffee shop in the Garden District. A great place to relax after touring the area and shopping on Magazine Street.Touristy coffee shop that doesn't give a crap. Employees look like they are miserable serving you and the place has zero character. Coffee is mediocre at best.Such a charming little coffee shop! I really enjoyed it here. The giant chocolate chip cookie and granita were a great snack before touring the Lafayette Cemetery. It's a short walk from the St. Charles Street Car, too.Nothing perky about this place. The male employee working on Saturday, July 8, 2017 around 5:00 PM was absolutely rude. He didn't acknowledge us when we walked up to the counter, he just kept wiping down the counters. When he did speak, he made us feel like we were annoying him by ordering. People suck these days. 
Oh yeah, nothing great about the beverages.cute little coffee shop. a little touristy for me but they do have a great private patio. it's much more relaxing than sitting at a table on the sidewalk!  iced coffee was really good, i asked for half the usual amount of ice because it's a little pricey for the amount they give. heads up that there's a $5 minimum on credit cardsStumbled upon this place while strolling through the Garden District.
Just minutes from the green Streetcar.  Connected to a small mall.
They serve teas, coffees, smoothies, pastries, & more.  A nice place to study or unwind with a beverage.
Chai Tea Latte:  Very flavorful but I think they just use a box mix, whatever it is, it is good.Nice coffee shop close by Lafayette cemetery. I recommend grabbing some coffee here after getting off the st. Charles street car and heading to the cemetery for some pictures. Also a nice place to cool off on a hot day. Plenty of seating.The owner gave up cleaning the carpet an seat cushions. The air conditioned space offers a welcome respite from the heat though.  
Hot chocolate for my daughter was appreciated. Friendly staff.
In the only 1 restroom the air filter of the hand dryer needs to be cleaned it only wastes electricity Without drying your hands.Those who know me, know that I am VERY addicted to coffee. By the time we were done exploring the Garden District, I was ready for my afternoon caffeine fix. There to greet me was Still Perkin' which pleased me tremendously!
This place was clean, the service was quick and friendly, and the coffee was good and it did the trick! The seating area was spacious and it was about 1/3 of the way full. It was very quiet and relaxed and it sure would have made a great place to sit down and read a book. We took our drinks with us and went on our merry way. In my opinion, it was a good find!great coffee and even better prices. nice home-like feel, indoor/outdoor seating. This is one of my favorite morning spots.A nice little place to grab a cup of coffee before walking the Garden District.  Can also get some sweets.  As far a coffee goes the price is cheap compared to a corporate chain.  Very comfortable to and well kept establishment.In general, I like this place a lot. I used to like it more a few years ago though when the staff was a little more friendly and you can even have a conversation with them when it was not very crowded. Still, the place is SUPER affordable, perhaps the cheapest coffee shop in the area, and the bakery is very good. I normally get a tea when I go there (for less than $2), as they use tea leaves instead of tea bags. That's a nice touch.Wer für ein paar Stunden dem Rummel von Downtown New Orleans entfleuchen möchte, dem bietet sich ein Besuch und Bummel durch den Garden District an. Leicht zu erreichen mit der Street Car (Straßenbahn). Wunderschöne Häuser im Kolonialstil gibt es zu bestaunen und fotografieren, einen (historischen) Friedhof und zur Entspannung und Stärkung das Café Still Perkin's. An einer Straßenecke gelegen hat es einen heimeligen Innenraum mit hellen (Rattan-)Stühlen und Tischen. Am Tresen Selbstbedienung. Diverse Kaffeesorten, Gebäck und Salate werden angeboten. Für zwei Café Latte groß und einen Chickensalad zahlten wir $ 16. Der Kaffee schmeckte sehr gut, der Salat reichhaltig und für zwei Personen ausreichend. Draußen eine Terrasse mit einer Hecke zur Straße hin abgeschirmt. Hier gußeiserne Tische und Stühle. Sonne, Ruhe, ein paar neugierige und vorwitzige Spatzen  Entspannung pur. Vor lauter Entspannung vergaß ich, Fotos zu machen. Fazit: Abseits des touristischen Mainstreams eine kleine Oase, die sich ihre vier Sterne verdient.Nice-looking 90s style coffee shop. All I wanted was a hot (really hot, not lukewarm) tea to go, and they delivered.They have this praline and creme iced coffee that actually tastes like pralines. Which from all coffee related experiences flavored beans don't always live up to their namesake. But I may be over thinking this. Moving on the pumpkin bread was delicious and my friend enjoyed his iced coffee and zucchini bread. Overall it's a quick and easy stop for coffee. Parking could be tough depending on the time of day but worth a try.I'm in here no less than 3 times a week for work. I can't imagine the shopping center without this place. It's a great meeting spot  so can get quite hectic. Coffee is always hot and fresh. A delicious local roast provides nice flavor. The staff here works hard, they're always buzzing about replenishing needed items and the display case. Frozen lemonade is so refreshing in the summer. They serve a fantastic Cranberry oat bar that I've enjoyed for years. Occasionally they have these gingersnap cookies in Ziploc bags (looking like homemade goodness) that are on the counter and yummy.Came to meet our tour guide. While we were waiting, we had a small cup of Garden district blend. The small was a good size and the coffee was rich and robust. A big small was only $2.95! There's a nice patio to sit outside.The disgruntled staff rudely kicked us out even though they had just served us, and I was nursing my baby. A minute before closing one person barks "One minute to closing!", making some other guests comment how rude that is and leave indignantly. We thought they would let my five year old drink his chocolate milk while I nursed my baby (after all, it would take a few minutes for them to clean up, count money, etc.), but no. The guy with the key says, "I am locking up, now." When I told him that was rude and what would the owner say, he tells me the owner is ruder than he is. Hard to believe! Also, hard to believe that the owner of Still Perkin likes his staff to treat people so rudely. But as one worker yelled to me, "We have been working very hard today." I guess that makes treating your customers in an ugly fashion okay then.Love love love the frozen lemonade. Had to go back for a second one before heading back to the French Quarter. I hate that there was only bathroom.We were visiting for a few days and decided to check out the Garden District. It was a very warm day and we stopped in before we went to visit the cemetery across the street. We all got the mango iced teas- they were exactly what we needed to beat the heat! I got a medium and it was only 2 bucks! It's unsweetened but if you need to add some sweetness they have different sugar packets and simple syrup available. The staff were friendly and they have public bathrooms!Amazing atmosphere and amazing latte! The owner is a gem! I highly recommend! One of the friendliest shops around!This is a lovely little coffee shop. I came across this place while wandering the famous garden district of New Orleans. I had been with a rather large group of people at the time and the cashiers were very helpful and patient with our large order. The coffee was very much enjoyed and I had a bit of fruit to go with it. Everything they have available is fresh so I'd say that's a plus. The two men I met working during my visit were very friendly and easily made conversation. If anyone wants a coffee shop to stop by when you're in the area, I'd say this a good one. Its reasonably priced as well so you don't have to worry about spending a whole lot of money.This is the nearest coffee shop to my house and they have good WiFi.  I'm generally not the coffee shop type but they do have their occasional uses for me.  They don't have late hours so that makes it way less useful to me than the recently departed Rue de la Course that converted to being Ignatius the larger.  During daylight and early evening this is a decent place to get some work done but their closing hours of 5 or 6pm aren't conducive to my usual work patterns.I must say I agree with lots of reviews on this place.  The location is great, being right in the Garden District.  Walking around the area in summer is so hot that you almost have no choice but to stop by this coffee shop.  They also have a bathroom outside....definitely a plus.  
However, I thought my iced coffee was filled with too much ice and overpriced.  The employees are kinda rude too.Grabbed an iced coffee here after touring the cemetery. It was a welcome relief from the summer heat and humidity. It's a great little coffee shop, free wi-fi, plenty comfortable, and reasonably priced. This was also a stop on our self-guided walking tour. The coffee shop is adjacent to a bookstore. I learned that this bookstore was a favorite of Anne Rice when she lived in the neighborhood. She would often have book signings here.The coffee and pastries are good. Atmosphere is nice. I was really surprised about the bathrooms, it reeked of urine and looks as if it has never been cleaned.Sitting pretty in the Garden District of NOLA, 
    this busy coffee  shop has great coffee
   however,  unfortunately, the most dry
Play doh like Peanut butter cookies. A
major disappointment.Tucked off Prytania and 5th in a little Garden District "mall" Still Perkin' is waiting for you to sip some coffee or chai while you read a book you just grabbed from the GD Book Shop next door. The inside is really cute with window seats for two tucked away in such a cozy manner. This is probably what actually draws me to Still Perkin'- i just love snuggling up to a table with a book and being tucked away like that. Also, there is a great patio area covered by garden district trees and it's probably the best place around to sit outside and read (or study) quietly. However, a big let down is that dogs are not allowed out on the patio- maybe because you have to go through the store to get to it. Anyway, besides just coffee and teas Still Perkin' also has frozen mochas and frozen lemonade. I can't think of a better way to be refreshed than to sip on a frozen lemonade while strolling through the garden district. Food is decent- their bagels are yumm and I was impressed by the hand mixed chive cream cheese. Egg sandwiches are not available, however, and those are one of my fav go-to cafe items. 
All in all a great place to grab a bite (bagels!), a drink, a book, and relax. 
Takes credit cards but not Amex.Eh. It was okay. Really busy when I went. I wasn't super impressed by it. I also didn't really like the chairs went I went. It's in a great spot though!Great Customer Service! Stop by for a coffee before or after your cemetery trip or lunch at Commanders Palace.This was an a-ok experience. I enjoyed my coffee and the patrons were nice. I'm not sure what happened, but the two women behind the counter were less than... pleasant. I was there in the morning, business was steady and not busy. I hope nothing too bad had happened and their day got better.I really like this place. It's quiet enough to do some work, yet not so quiet that it feels like a morgue. There are plenty of comfy chairs and tables, and a great patio area. The coffee is good and appropriately strong, and the pastries that I have tried have been great. The barista that I interacted with was sweet and quick.
The vibe is kind of like hanging out at your mom's house. It's not super obnoxiously trendy or dive-y like some coffee shops in New Orleans, but it's also not super duper fancy. The clientele is a mix between middle aged and over ladies of the neighborhood and some younger tourist-looking people. It's definitely a fit for the neighborhood, and worth a stop if you happen to pass by, although I'm not sure that I would go out of my way to come here.
FYI, they do have a $5 credit card minimum.They are in a great location. Heart of the Garden District, across the street from the historic Lafayette Cemetery and in a gorgeous neighborhood. I got a cafe au lait and was a bit underwhelmed. The coffee was not flavorful and the drink tasted like hot milk.
The barista was also not very friendly and seemed kinda annoyed that I was there. Maybe they were having an off day.Cute little place. 
Our tour met here so we came early. Busy but had a few seats left and line went fast enough. Cinnamon crunch muffin was nice, bottled water was very reasonable at $1.25. A good place to stop as you're wandering around this area.We'll be talking about this hilarious customer service disaster for years.  The man working behind the counter with longer hair spoke so quietly it was like a hearing test trying to understand him, and then when we politely asked for clarification, his tone was condescending and aggressive.  To top it off, we asked for a chocolate chip cookie, and he just looked us in the eye and gave us a finger wag reminiscent of Mutumbo in the 90's without saying anything.  The dead people in the nearby cemetery were nicer.  Management- do yourself a favor and let this person go, they are leaving a big stain on your brand.Nice view of the garden district, and cemetery, but the coffee wasn't so great. The coffee is honestly hard to drink without sugar, and although the food was good it's a COFFEE SHOP. I wouldn't recommend coming here.Cute cafe and gift shop in the garden district. The coffee was exquisite and the pastry was divine.Great food for cheap (bagel+pecan bar+chicory coffee for less than $5!), really friendly staff and great environment. I loved it!This review has nothing to do with the quality of the food and everything to do with customer service. My family, which consist of four small children and I were traveling to the Lafayette cemetery and stopped in here at closing time to try and buy bottled waters and were turned away. Keeping in mind the doors were unlocked and other customers were finishing up at the counter. I have worked enough retail to know yes it's annoying when someone stops in when your trying to go home, but we weren't asking for gourmet  coffee we were asking for bottled water for four overheated kids. Poor customer service I will never go back.Had a horrible experience here just after New Years 2012. I was scolded by an employee, and I believe a manager, for not standing in line correctly. My wife and I were standing two feet too far to the right, that's right...two feet. Apparently that is enough for a manager to scold a customer. I would not recommend that anyone go here. The service was horrible, and the floors and tables dirty. Maybe it was a good thing my wife and I walked out because we found a great coffee shop a few blocks away - and the customers there were friendly - imagine that!While their location is excellent - their staff was incredibly rude. The coffee was worse than a gas station and I would have also found happier staff and patrons. Also didn't appreciate the extra charge for a paper cup (when they didn't ask if it was to go). Spent your money elsewhere.To ring in 2011 the right way, the girlfriend & I spent the week around New Year's Eve in New Orleans. During that short time, we discovered a historic city with long traditions of great music, outstanding food & continuing perseverance.
Stepping off the St. Charles Streetcar on our way to survey some historic &/or notable homes in the Garden District, we came across Still Perkin'. A little caffeine pick-me-up sounded good so the girlfriend & I went in.
Still Perkin' is bright & spacious inside. We grabbed a table next to a bay window & sat in warm sunlight. I got a large Mocha & the girlfriend got a Chai Tea. The staff were efficient but not particularly personable.
My Mocha was good. I tried the girlfriend's Chai Tea & that was very good. I usually don't go for tea, but the Chai Tea here was tempting. After downing our drinks, we were charged up & ready to see how the other half has lived around these parts for the past couple hundred years.
For a caffeine booster shot in the Garden District, Still Perkin' is a respectable alternative to the super-most-gigantic coffee chain on Earth.I really like how clean and homey this place is and that they don't have loud music blasting inside. There's always a nice level of ambient noise, some people there to study, some people just there to catch up. Plenty of natural sunlight comes in through the windows, and you don't feel like you're studying in a dungeon (I'm looking at you, Mojo). The gated patio is nice too.
Would be better if the hours were longer. Would also be better if the sweaty tourist groups doing the Garden District tours wouldn't use the shop as their break point and be all loud and stinky all the time.I loved this cute little spot.  We were early for our Garden District Tour and decided to stop here.  I love the cute French decor and the iced mocha was yummy.  I also had a bagel with their chive cream cheese which was delicious.  If I lived in NOLA, I would come to this spot.  It was nice and peaceful.  They also had free Wi-Fi which was definitely a plus for me!Ooof, what a miserable/unsanitary place. Stay away. Really rude and incompetent staff. What freaked me out the most is that the top of my drink, the plastic top, smelled like garbage. Turns out, the cup tops are actually on top of the garbage!!! So gross. Couldn't finish it. Tourists, take your business somewhere else and let this place go under.Cute place we stopped at for a quick bite before a walking tour. We missed a lunch window due to the horrid bus/trolley service, so we wanted a quick snack and drink to hold us over. Place seemed clean, decent enough snacks but didn't blow me away. They need their own bathroom! One small closet of a bathroom they share with the attached mall.Cool neighborhood spot. Nothing fancy just dependable. The pecan and honey bar was excellent.Still Perkin' is one of my favorite coffee shops in NOLA. Its location is probably 90% of this reason, but that doesn't change my love for it. A large iced coffee, perhaps a cookie, and a nice fall day on their patio with a book is an ideal afternoon. My other favorite way to enjoy their coffee is with a leisurely stroll through Lafayette Cemetery across the street. If you find yourself in the Garden District exploring, I highly recommend a stop into Still Perkin' for your caffeine fix.Nice little coffee shop near Lafayette Cemetery #1, in a quaint, historical building called The Rink. Good place to stop for a frozen lemonade and a snack after a cemetery stroll or tour.Nice little place. Clean, in a cool little mini-mall. Not as expensive as the major coffee place.
I had an Iced mocha and it was delish.When Seattle was just a glimmer in the eye of George Vancouver,  New Orleans already had a highly refined coffee culture; so the incursion of "charbucks", with their mis-named, sweet drinks for Midwestern palates, has hardly made an impact in our fair city. Instead, stand-alone coffee shops like Still Perkin' (a former PJ's franchise) offer expertly crafted espresso and cold drip coffee beverages (it's where a machiatto is still a machiatto and not a milkshake for the overly caffienated). They make, arguably, the best iced coffee in town and always have a variety of fresh brewed iced teas available (both black and herbal), so crucial in our semi tropical climate.
    Finally, Still Perkin' is still buyin' marvelous baked goods from a number of local purveyors instead of squeezing their treats from Sysco tubes. A sure sign that this is a fine establishment is long tenures many of the staff have-several have worked in the lovely, light filled corner of the historic Rink mall for over a decade.Really bad experience all around--staff, service, and coffee/tea.  Can't say anything nice. They do NOT like tourists. Don't waste your money at this dismal establishment.Came in at 4:35 pm when they closed at 5 pm. Ordered an Americano. They said the espresso machine was already cleaned so they couldn't make me anything.
Poor. Form.I have an affinity for Still Perkin based on its location in the Garden District across from Lafayette Cemetery. They have great drip coffee--I always get the dark roast and a slice of chocolate chip banana bread. The only reason I dock a star is the atmosphere of stuffy old white people and the artery clog of tourists that come by to use the bathroom. (Unfair to dock a star for something they can hardly help, really.) 
The service is always great, that other reviewer is probably an obnoxious tourist who wanted a Diet Coke. Want an example of the people who work here? A barista saw a customer left her wallet on the counter and she ran outside and returned it to her. Be cool and kind, and you will be rewarded fairly. Order on the left side of the counter and bus your own tables. Then go buy a book just through the door at the Garden District Bookstore.Don't go here. Used to be a great local coffee shop, but they changed. Iced coffee tastes like water and the people who work there are extremely rude (maybe some of the rudest in all of New Orleans). Also their food is awful, stale bagels, weird croissant hot dog thing, overall shitty quality and experience. The only reason they must still be open is because it's the only perceived choice tourist have when visiting cemetery. Walk the extra 2 blocks and go to Rue de la course on Magazine street, a true local's coffee shop - much better coffee, food, and way friendlier staff.Pastries were okay, chai tea tasted artificial, location was great.  Really nice to sit outside although burning cigarettes smelled gross.They get a ton of business being near the cemetery and having a public restroom.
The employees seem to be absolutely miserable.I thought the ladies working there were rude and acted like they didn't want to be there. I'm sure they deal with a lot of tourists but slap a smoke on your face!Convenient location so I will usually schedule meetings here as I'm local. This morning, however, the staff was incredibly rude. Half and half container was empty and I asked to refill it.  Woman with blue shirt and ponytail barked at me because I handed her the container without the top, "top! Where's the top?" Went back and got it handed it to her, no thank you, nothing. She filled it up and brought it back and I said "thank you", no reply, no you're welcome, no smile, no recognition - nothing. This isn't the first time I've witnessed rudeness here and I feel badly for the tourists who have to continue to stop here because it's near the start of the tours. If they know you, they're friendly. I stopped coming here years ago when they switched from PJs and we came daily but their first date we came to support them and stood in long line, owner saw friends behind us and said "you don't have to stand in line", asked them what they wanted and to heck with the rest of us. My husband and I never went back until recently. I promise you the owner and manager will read this and scoff at it. I don't think they care about the regular people.Best latte ever ! He even heart shaped the foam ! Great customer service! Anyone that have under 5 stars is ridiculous. This place was the best !The coffee was fine, but the girl at the counter was extremely rude. They put your coffee in a to go cup even if you are staying. Don't waste your time here.A pleasant coffee house with the added bonus of iced lemonade and coffee granitas...regular and decaf!It's an interesting place. I really liked their decor; it was comfortable too. If you need a cold pick-me-up, I would suggest a frappucino from here, which is what I had. I added a little sugar and it really hit the spot for me.Possibly the best Americano I have ever had! Totally unexpected. Trying to figure out how to justify another trip to the Garden District just to have another coffee at Still Perkin'.Nice coffee place with great outdoors sitting , good music and reasonable food and coffee. Great place to take a break while strolling around the garden district.this coffee shop has good little foods not really a go for lunch kinda joint. it really is just a run of the mill Starbucks wanna be. there is no hip cool vibe. good for a grab and go but nothing to make it stand out. I would return here only if i was next door and wanted a drink It not some where worth heading to on its own.Across the street from Lafayette cemetery and a block away from Commander's Palace.
Large capp held excellent barista skills. Unfortunately, the cafe itself....though in a great neighborhood and busy street corner, the cafe staff are very boisterous (some downright coarse, especially for this neighborhood), rambunctious, and one got in a tiff with a customer. Bit unpleasant to have to witness.
Place does not offer any real breakfast...just some bagels, muffins, cookies, you know the lot. Not bad....just an odd experience. Sitting by the windows will give you a baaaaaad sunburn! Yep, i said that, and it's winter!
Bathroom is a small closet. Don't pee on yourself!Hmmmm... another review that disappeared. I'm still not sure why that happens.
Very delicious iced tea and I liked the frozen lemonade drink that they have here. I've found the pastries to be fine. They have them delivered from other local establishments and I remember them being labeled as such. Great for locals who have an affinity for certain bakeries. Love the shopping kiosk in the center and I've definitely bought fun little gifts here. 
The line can be confusing if it's busy since many folks are first timers/tourists grabbing a beverage before their tour (that meets in the lobby of the Rink).
The outside deck is great and relaxing. And, of course, I love the Rink, the building that houses Still Perkin'. BTW the name refers to the fact that this independent coffee shop was once a franchise of a local change. When that relationship ended, they kept on going. Good for them!