Great bar food and atmosphere.Irish nachos are yummy. Good prices.Great service, cool and sportsbar-ish. Po-boys are awesome.Best crawfish poboy ever!
Friend and I came across this place while walking around Bourbon street. Looked promising.
Has a bar like feel, but the food was very very delicious. 
I had the crawfish tail poboy, my friend had the soft shell crab poboy. Both were great!After arriving 1:45 hours late on Amtrak, it was 10 pm and almost all the good restaurants had closed their doors in the French Quarter. We were walking through for the first time and I encountered this place. I had a sneaky feeling that it was a dive.  The neon signs, multiple TV monitors and the big bar in a restaurant that was absolutely empty of patrons at 10:45 pm shouted "Turn around!".  But, we had only one  goal since our stay was short and we were tired: get some seafood gumbo. The waitress was as cheery as they come and water was brought immediately.  We ordered the gumbo.  After a short time it came with soda crackers which we did not eat.  But why ruin their great gumbo?  Lots of shrimp and shredded seafood were in this rich gumbo.  If it was too salty, I didn't notice. The portion was adequate for the two of us and we left with a great feeling ready to explore a little more. Maybe the rest of the food doesn't deserve 5 stars...but we will never know!My boyfriend wanted to watch the Sunday football game and we came across this place. I was sick of seafood, so this was perfect... bar food and cheap. We walked in, there was no where to seat and no staff cared to help us or tell us to hold on. After about 10 mins we got a table ourselves. The place itself was kinda blah... but had lots of TVs. The food was surprisingly good. I love chicken fingers and fries and they fit my craving. My boyfriend got the chicken sandwich and said it was one of the better chicken sandwiches he has had.What a pleasant surprise!!
Coming into a fantastic city, we looked for a fantastic place to eat and that's exactly what we found.
Everything from the steak sandwitch to the BBQ sandwitch to the quesadillas were fantastic! (we had a big group and they all thought the food was fantastic)
I have to rename this place into fantastic sugar shack! Yum! The garlic bread they used for my steak sandwitch was slightly crunchy and perfect, while the mushrooms added a perfect taste to the steak slices and cheese. 
On top of the fantastic food, this place has this mini bowling alley that is a lot harder then it looks.
Plenty of LCD tvs to watch the game and plenty of drinks to well....drink!
I was too full to have any dessert but I know next time i'm in New Orleans I'll stop here again. :)Great food, quick French Quarter delivery.  Shrimp poboy and deluxe roast beef poboy particularly yummy.A late night craving for another po'boy dragged us out to the streets of New Orleans to hunt for a good place to grab a snack. We found this place that was close to our hotel, so we headed over to Storyville to get a delicious po'boy - our third of the day :) Shrimp of course.
It was pretty packed in there for how late at night we went, but fun atmosphere.  The po'boy was pretty decent.  At least enough to satisfy a late-night craving.Loved the atmosphere at this restaurant. Nice place for a sports junkie, they have about 6 46" hdtv all displaying live sports. The food was good, the shrimp I had were seasoned really well.Its a sports bar. Plain and simple, its a sports bar. The bar staff is incredibly friendly, and the food is good. Given its location, I had expected the food to be bad given the potential clientele. But that was not the case.My husband and I first came here about a year back and thought the service was outstanding! Our bartender was a young girl by the name Chase, every time we come to town this is where we eat. The turkey club is amazIngly delicious and so is the Bbq shrimp. If you ever stumble in ask for Chase she will provide excellent costumer service and the foods to die forThis place had an All-American look and feel to it.  The TVs were set so loud you could hardly have a conversation.  But it was the ONLY place open until midnight on a Sunday so we were a pretty captive audience. 
I would not bother going here again.  The food was so-so and not very authentic, mostly fried bar food and iceberg lettuce.  But hey, I'm a tourist looking for the best local food for the cheapest price.  Try the Praline Connection or Montrels.  I would visit both of them again and again and again.Very disappointed with the service.  We are a local business that probably does $100/week with this company.  Fortunately business has picked up in the area.  Since the Sugar Shack has gotten busier they don't care about customer service.  Their menu states they deliver, I called and was told they don't during the day.  I called back a few minutes later and the lady told me they were not taking to go orders because they were too busy then she proceeded to hang up on me.  I called back asked for a manager and explained the situation.  I told her  my employees would not be out of their services for over an hour so I could give her an order and not expect to pick it up for and hour and fifteen minutes.  The manager took the order and called me less than 10 minutes later saying the order was ready.  I reminded her when I placed the order I had not intended on picking up for over an hour she then explained the "to go" orders must go in before the regular orders (not explained to me when placing the order).  It is not my intention to order from them again. Which is a shame because their food is pretty good.  I did try to speak with the owner but they would not give out his/her information.  I would still welcome to speak to him/her.  My mobile number is 504-258-4335.
 The way I look at it is we supported them during the summer when it was slow but now they are busier, they have no use for us.This is an expensive bar/grill that serves below average American food at ridiculous prices. It was one of the few places that remained open on Christmas day. The fried fish and fried soft shell crab were both average in quality. They're charging these prices because they're in the middle of a tourist hot spot.
You will not find true new orleans food here. Avoid.I went to New Orleans for my bachelorette party.  We stubmled on Storyville walking to another restaurant and noticed the set up looked fun.  We planned on only stopping in for lunch, but lunch led into a game on tv and the service was so good that we ended up spending most of the day there.
The food was excellent....the prices were reasonable...and the service was OUTSTANDING. 
We left to go to the dualing piano bar at Pat O'Briens, but they were very rude so we ended up back at Storyville later that night.  Van was out waiter...I don't remember the bartendar's name, but she gave me a drink on the house when I told her how rude they were at Pat O's.
This is my first yelp ever....if you are in New Orleans.  Go to Storyville.If these are the best po boys, then I think I'm not the biggest po boy fan.  In fact, I wasn't the biggest fan of the Irish nachos either. 
However, I love this place for 3 reasons: The beers they have are decent, they were showing the Stanley Cup Playoffs on tv, and the biggest reason of all--the server was fantastic! I notified him of my fish allergy and he was super duper concerned for me! And it was very much appreciated. I've never met a server that was so concerned about my allergies before. He offered different preparation methods for my shrimp po boy since everything in that restaurant has high potential to be contaminated with cat fish. And he came to check up on me several times to make sure I didn't have a reaction.  So nice of him!Wonderful place.  Good bloody Mary, cold beer, shrimp PoBoy was amazing, Irish nachos interesting and tasty.
Service was amazing, we walked in and went to the bar but had three people help us before we got there.  The bartender was sweet as can be and chatted the whole time, sweet girl.
Reasonably priced, good food, great service.  A nice oasis just off Bourbon St.Large shrimp quesadila was outstanding. Great service, great drinks. Great value. Love the HDTVs at the bar. Just off Bourbon Street, not on the main drag, but worth finding. Go Saints!First NOLA meal and this is where we came.  We were staying at the Chateau Bourbon and this restaurant was only a hop, skip, and jump away.  Located a block away from bourbon street and pretty close to canal street.  To some, it could be hidden down the alley, but it seems for locals and for tourists who enjoy walking around seeing the sights, this is a treasure to find. 
The atmosphere is loungey bar like with tvs, a bar, and even a small bowling alley!! There's an elevated area with seating areas and two bowling lanes.  They even have bumpers for your little ones to try their hand at bowling!! I like the atmosphere here, by day it's casual and friendly enough to be a family environment.  
Now to the food: They have a pretty large menu of all that you can expect in NOLA.  Gumbo, fried shimp & catfish, beans and red rice, and soft shell crab.  For my first meal here I had the Garlic shrimp on a bed of rice, an appetizer, yet a big enough portion that it was a meal to me.  And the garlicky goodness was wonderful!  They don't clean the shrimp here (take the vein out) however, the shrimp was cooked perfectly and the rice was delicious.  My sister had the red beans and rice, a great dish in NOLA.  My sister loved it. 
 Another great tidbit about this restaurant is that they deliver.  I'm uncertain as to how far they deliver, but if you're in the area and especially if your hotel is near by, this would absolutely be a great place to hit up.  The prices are reasonable and the food is satisfying, and if you feel like taking a walk or cab drive there, give the bowling lanes a try too.  Then you can say you bowled in a restaurant in NOLA! How often do you hear that? =) 
#Yelp 365 Challenge -- 38/ 365Stopped in for an oyster po boy and a beer. Full bar, but only bottled beers. It's just off Bourbon St. but it was sane enough for a Thursday night.  Oyster po boy was huge and pretty good as far as they go. Bartender was friendly but didn't seem to get the idea that I was only interested in eating and watching the TV. A good option in the Quarter. Nothing amazing, but good.Pleasantly surprised. After midnight, and I thought my choices of good eateries would be slim...  But thanks to Yelpers, found this great fried seafood place, open til 2 am Fridays. Lightly seasoned catfish was delicious, nice spicy dipping sauce, surprisingly good coleslaw with golden raisins. And great staff.This place is great because it's one of the few places in NO with all NFL games playing on Sundays.  The bloody mary's here are not great...stick with beer.  The food smelled good but was not hungry while there.  Since they deliver, I'll definately order some stuff for delivery while I'm here.Really enjoyed the Cajun eggrolls and red beans and rice. The prices were very cheap and I could see this being a great place to come to watch the game because there are lots of flat screens. Pretty laid back atmosphere and good food. We came after midnight for a snack, but the smell drew us in. Most of the items were fried and greasy, but tasted really good.OMG....Mardi Gras!  Due to the fact that there was people "everywhere" and a lot of restaurants were really pack.  Out of the corner of my eye me and my friends spot this place.  Didn't look very busy but when we cut around to the front door there were lot people inside there.  The wait turned out to be only about 15 mins.  When you read the menu you think nothing really special but the flavor was fantastic.  Meat pie...delicious.   Po' Boys....delicious.  Catfish....delicious.  But the one item that gets 5 stars alone is the "Banana Foster Cheesecake".  The owner makes these pies from scratch early in the morning we were told.  When I first tasted it i actually held that bite in my mouth in shock at its creamy goodness.  This one slice of pie went between me and my friend til the last crumb.  During the rest of our trip we went back to Storyville three times just to have this pie and it never disappointed  I have included a picture of the wonderful pie.Stopped in because it was next door to the hotel we are staying and I'm glad we did.  This is laid back and has the feel of more like a sports bar.
I had the red beans and rice and it was yummy.  Definately plenty enough for 2 to share.  My daughter tried the nachos and they were a bit different from what we are used to but still very good.  They appeared to be homade potoato chips verses your typical nacho chips. 
This place got an addtional star b/c they are the only place in New Orleans that we have found that serves sweet tea (brewed not fountain!).
Our server was super nice and was one of few locals that could actually give good directions.I suppose everything we had here was pretty solid.  My shrimp po' boy came with a bunch of perfectly fried delicious jumbo shrimp.  Our irish nachos were delicious, with a ton of melted cheese and other tasty toppings.  The bloody marys here were surprisingly delicious.  They have a ton of TV's, and all the sports packages you could want.  They also have an interesting variation on candlepin bowling up front that was extremely fun, if overpriced.
Still, I couldn't help experiencing a feeling of self-loathing as I left, that I had just eaten the first meal of my trip to New Orleans in a generic american bar/restaurant, without much if any local culture.  I can't imagine ever coming back here unless I'm in town and really need to watch a bunch of sporting events at once.This is why I love Yelp.  I would have never stopped in this place, but a mention in Yelp Talk (not to mention the fact that it's about a block away from my hotel) sealed the deal.
Sugar Shack looks like it would be a very cool place to hang out and watch football.  Tons of TVs, lots of space, and a frickin' mini bowling alley, for Christ's sake.  How could you not want to hang out and drink a few beers here?
Service was slow when I came in for lunch.  There was one server for the whole place AND she was also working the bar.  It did take about 10 minutes for her to come by and get my order, but I can't really fault her too much since she was in the weeds by herself.
Once she took my order, she came back with my drink quickly (gotta love sweet Community tea) and my food followed about 10 minutes later.
Shee-it, that was the best oyster po-boy I've ever had.  Piping hot, lots of oysters, super fresh tomatos and lettuce, and with just the right amount of mayo (which on anything else is Satan's condiment).  To top it off, the fries were fucking phenomenal too.  If they weren't house made fries, I'd be shocked.  They were perfect.
-1 star for making me wait like a tard to order.  With faster service, SS is a total 5 star.  Added plus if you're getting your drink on: it's like 50 feet off Bourbon St but 10X better than any of the shit you'll eat ON Bourbon St.I meant to update this later in the day on 9/2, cuz I had dinner delivered to my hotel by SS.
FREEEEEE delivery to any hotel in the Quarter.  You can't beat that with a stick.
They had it to my hotel within 20 minutes of ordering AND I was able to have them deliver two 20oz Dr Pepper's for less than one 12 oz Coke in the honor bar.One of the tour guides recommended this place.  It was a block from our hotel (Iberville Suites). We wanted cajun FRIED food so we walked right past Deanies cause it sounded like everything there was boiled.  We started with the cajun eggrolls and they were great.  Then OMG...I got the Red Beans & Rice (with sausage & bread) and it was spicy, hot and filling (10.95, cheap!)  My husband got the fried catfish (w/fries) perfectly cooked, spicy and NO bones at all.   Add a couple of NOLA brewed beers and what a great meal.  It's a sports type bar and I counted 15 HD TV's.   Attentive staff, funky looking but hey, it's next to Bourbon St & that's no yellow brick road.stumbled on this little sports bar in the french quarter....wish we had kept walking. 
its basically bar food. pretty greasy. bathrooms are a mess. there are MUCH better places to enjoy good southern cooking in the french quarter.Service was BIZARRE. Waiter was not from this planet. Food came relatively fast and was good. The Irish Nachos are pretty yummy. I wish I had read this beforehand to see that they deliver! Good place to go watch a sporting event.This was the last resort after passing by a packed acme house and a upscale restaurant.  The restaurant was not packed thankfully and clean and cute with different colored chairs.  Reading over the menu I was very pleasantly surprised to read that everything is pretty much fresh and made in house to order.  Can't beat that!  I had the red beans and rice and it was rich and delicious.  Beware the sausage is HOT though.  A friend got the fried shrimp and it was the most flavorful and tasty fried shrimp I've ever had.  My only meh would be that I got a Hurricane at the waitresses suggestion and that sucker was $8 but only in a small plastic cup.  Oh wells!  A solid choice for good Cajun food.A nice sports bar. Good menu with local specialities and burgers too. Try the Cajun Eggrolls. Friendly Waite staff. About $50 for the 4 of us. Good serving sizes and all the food was good. Would definately go back.Loved it!!!! Cool place. My first time to eat there but will definitely be back. One of the few places in the quarter that 
Sells LA31 pale and grenade. That was awesome and the food was great! This will be a regular stop for me.The saltiest worst food I've had in New Orleans.  Save your money and dont come here.  We had gumbo and it was like licking a salt block.  Same for the rice.  The beef brisket was heavy on the suace - and salty.Our trip here was our last attempt for some NOLA foodage.  Po'boys at 10 AM?  Yes they do that.  I got the crawfish tail po'boy and bf got bbq pork po'boy.  I'm convinced you can't really go wrong with po'boys...just fried seafood w/ lettuce, tomato and mayo right?  So eh, same old.  Can't complain, but it's nothing special.  The waiter seemed like he didn't want to be there...or maybe he was super hungover.  They got our food to us pretty fast...though we were the only ones in the restaurant.Over all the years I've been to New Orleans, never thought to eat here but the usual places in the Quarter had long lines and I saw the good recs on Yelp so I thought I'd give it a try. We had the gumbo which was very good. I'm really surprised the number of times I get bad gumbo in New Orleans. Decent crawfish pie. The soft shell crab poboy was the best I've ever had. Two nice and big crabs on a roll. The crabs were cooked perfectly and nice and meaty. Definitely will be back, specifically for the crab poboy.Had my very first poboy at this restaurant and it was heeeee-uuuge. If I could change anything, I would ask for the turkey to be moist but otherwise I enjoyed it. I don't really have any standards with which to compare against. 
The server, we called her pinky, she was hilarious and super attentive. 
If you can, grab a window seat so you can people watch while you nibble.The gumbo appetizer was excessively salty and the beer was warm.  Our meals were edible, but that's about all I can say about them.  It was an inexpensive meal, but I guess you get what you pay for.  I have no intention of ever returning.It was next door to our hotel so I decided that we should give it a try because it was a relatively inexpensive place with Po-Boys like the ones at Johnny's because Johnny's was too crowded and we were trying to get to the Airport on time.
There were 5 of us at the table and we all ordered sandwiches.  It took FOREVER for the sandwiches to come and when they did, I wasn't all that happy with mine.  They had this one sandwich on the menu with nothing but roast beef, cheese served in Garlic Bread instead of a roll.  I liked the idea of having Garlic Bread as my sandwich bun, so I asked if I could have that sandwich but with chicken instead of beef.  She said "it'll be easier if you order one of the chicken sandwiches instead"...but I didn't want the chicken sandwich because it didn't have Garlic Bread, the ONLY reason I wanted the sandwich in the first place.  That kind of inflexibility in a restaurant is never a good sign...and I ended up ordering a blackened chicken sandwich with Cheddar on top.  It was mediocre, dry and a waste of money.  But at least it didn't make me ill...This place is AMAZING...excellent food and service.  The soft shell crab Po'Boy may be one the the top 3 sandwiches I have ever had!!!Picked up my brother from the the airport and the guys and I headed over to Bourbon street to grab a drink and bite to eat.  It was half past ten so most of the restaurants were closed but Storyville was there to save the day.  Prices are right and the staff is the best.  Had the Jerk Chicken plate (***3/4 stars)  It is not your typical jerk but the flavor was there and it was really good.  Tried some of the catfish and crawfish of my friends plates and both were strong *** stars.
Serving sizes lean on the large side and the staff was super friendly and on top of our table.  The great thing about this place is they share a building with a small live blues bar that has an awesome band 8-12 during the week.
Check it out after some food and you won't be disappointed!!!My second visit to New Orleans and I find myself there for the first place to eat out and the last place to eat during my stay. Great Po Flavorful pepper mayo, awesome basic fried seafood and comfy place to chill. Love the place will stop in again next time I am in New Orleans!Excellent soft shell crab po' boy and great prices for the area.   Maybe not as historic or well-known as some other places, but the service was great, there was no wait and I would definitely come back.  Great place to watch a game.VEGETARIAN RED BEANS AND RICE. They actually have a vegetarian entree option. I cannot emphasize enough how rare this is in New Orleans. It was tasty as well! Huge props to this place just for that.
Not being a vegetarian myself, I can vouch for the delicious quality of their fried shrimp, fried soft-shelled crab, and seafood gumbo. So fresh! So crispy! Delicious.This place is delicious!!!! The turkey club, the burgers, the catfish poboy....its all amazing!!! I eat this for lunch quite often and it never disappointsWOW!  Thanks to everyone for rating this place so high!   Gumbo is fantastic**** thinking of a second bowl.  Yum.  Try it for sureWent there the other evening.  Seat yourself is a drag, because you have to walk through looking for a table and all there was was a dirty table.  Staff was running around - hectic - like they were short staffed.  Took a long time to get our order, though our waiter kept saying it will be right out.  The bowling game is very loud.  All the HD TV's were good.
What was most important is the quality of the food was good.  I probably won't ever go back.It was awesome! I am staying at the Hilton Garden Inn and didn't want to walk through the French Quarter late at night (all I brought was conference clothing). I couldn't find anywhere that delivers to this hotel but the Storyville Restaurant because of all the traffic. I gave it a try and ordered the Softshell Crab plate with fries. It was wonderful! I had never had softshell crab before, if you haven't either, be aware that it comes with legs and sits on top of the fries. There are two of them in the plate, like roomates. Tasty, really yummy roomates. Very filling roomates. Now one of them is in the box waiting for morning. I hope the last roomie reheats well. The delivery was quick, the man that brought my yasty fry bearing roomies came by bike and had no problems with the delivery. All in all a great experience.I'm really surprised there isn't that many reviews for this place. Yea it isn't as popular or busy as ACME located about half a block from here and the authenticity is a bit lacking, but I do have to say, the food is just as good. Our search for more cajun style seafood and a spot that served po'boys led us here for lunch during our stroll down Bourbon Street. 
I decided to try the catfish po'boy, which in my opinion, was way better then the oyster & shrimp po'boy I had the night before at ACME. The fish was crisp, moist, and delicate and combined with the use of fresh ingredients in between soft, airy bread puts this sandwich over the top. I also tried the cajun pie, which was pretty good. It's shaped similar to an empanda and stuffed with flavorful stew like cajun seafood. I have no complaints.. the food was outstanding.
There was no wait, no line, and no hassle during lunch. Service was a bit inattentive and the fact that it wasn't busy at the time just didn't make any sense. (-1*)It is not a strip club. You might think it with how many are on Bourbon. Went here after the New Orleans Bowl because it was one of the few places open that wasn't dirty ass Krystal. The food wasn't too bad I had the gumbo and it was a decent sized bowl. Others in my party had shrimp po boy, turkey club, and a hamburger pretty good food, decent price, and close to Bourbon St. Oh yeah bunch of TVs.wooooo my shrimp po boy wasssssssssssss........ ok. Really not the place to go when so many other great restaurants are around but we weren't getting seated at the first joint so we settled. Mostly so we could watch basketball. 
Go to drink maybe but for food you can do better.Went to the Sugar Shack on Wednesday night and was surprised at the size of the crowd. Pretty busy place for a Wednesday (that must mean its good, right?) but we got right in, got a table near a tv so we could watch the game and ordered. Everyone had good food, a couple of beers (try the Abita, one of the local brews) and a great time. Four people ended up being about $85 which I don't think is too bad.
Highly recommended! Go there instead of one of the nasty places right on Bourbon Street.Came here for dinner during Mardi Gras. Not much else was open and the wait at some of the other places (Deanie's I'm talking about you). The restaurant was at capacity, but luckily I was able to score a seat at the bar. Food took a while to come out, but luckily alcohol was near instantaneous, that is after you get the bartender's attention. I ordered the hot sausage po'boy and boy was it delicious! The sausage patties had great flavor with a slight spicy kick. The fries were okay. $12 got my my po'boy and a beer. Not bad at all.We wanted to get that Bourbon St. experience and it was really interesting. Alot of people n of course the beads! We found this sports-bar right around the corner from it all and it was great!
They sat us down really quickly and brought us out the water. Very friendly service! We wanted to get the main courses of New Orleans: Gumbo & Po'Boy Sandwich! That is what we got and it was delicious!
The gumbo didn't look as appealing, but tasted was sooo good!! The po'boy sandwich was a little messy and the fried breaded fish was falling off the sandwich but oh well! It doesn't hurt to get your hands dirty...It was really tasty and delicious. I would definitely come back and try other dishes.First of all, lying about a menu item in your response clearly shows the kind of restaurant manager you are.  I have a freaking picture of blackened chicken on the menu and a picture of my dry and flavorless chicken THAT I TOOK WITH MY OWN CAMERA.  THE OWNER CONTINUES TO LIE AND MAKE EXCUSES.  Claiming that it's not on the menu is not only an outright lie, but it's also a telling sign of the kind of people who run the place.  
It would be one thing if the restaurant was slammed...but it was empty.  There were four parties total in the whole restaurant and ours was the only one with more than 4 people.  It was on the Sunday before Fat Tuesday...and even so, you can see that Camelia Grill was far more crowded and had a far better review from me because they can actually handle that crowd.  If Storyville was such a great restaurant, why was it the only one we could even get into?  Every other nearby restaurant was packed and that was why we went there instead of Johnny's Po-Boys, Acme Oyster House or any of the other local selections.  
And the fact that I tried to order a pretty simple substitution (getting a sandwich already on the menu with meat already on the menu...) and was told that it couldn't be done just made me realize that it was going to be a bad meal.  A good restaurant would have given me a chicken sandwich with cheese on garlic bread without even a hesitation.  A bad restaurant is unwilling to make the substitution and then makes excuses.
I am updating my rating to a 1 star because of this response from the ownership.  Rude and obnoxious and unwilling to take any responsibility...something tells me they're the same way with the health department.After a very grueling EARLY 5:50 am flight from Rochester, NY, we took a cab ride to our hotel on Bourbon. I noticed at check-in I had left my new laptop in that cab! Next we received news from our hotel desk that our room wasn't ready for us to go into for a while.. We walked aimlessly looking for some place we could get something decent to eat and stumbled upon this Howl Cafe!  The barmaid- Chase took the liberty of suggesting our menu choices.... the BBQ shrimp and the soft shell crab sandwich. Both were fantastic! She also listened to our story about my laptop,and called several cab companies. When we arrived back at the hotel later in the day, my laptop was there! She was GREAT, personable, and very professional; Southern Hospitality at its FINEST!... thanks, Chase!I have been to New Orleans several times prior to this visit, but I have to comment on the Sugar Shack.  We were in search of cheesecake and had just about given up when I said, "I just want something sweet at this point, I dont care what it is" - I turned the corner and there was the sign "Sugar Shack"  - How funny!  The menu is posted outside and not only did they have cheesecake, they had 4 different kinds!  We went in and ordered 2, looked over the menu while we ate dessert and decided we were coming back for dinner.   The Fish Tacos were wonderful and so was the Crawfish platter.  The eggrolls were excellent too!   Almost went back for breakfast!
Service was a little slow, but there were games to watch (several TVs) and bowling to play to pass the time.  Great prices too! - Located behind the Bourbon Cowboy...they will be seeing me again!Ok, so a friend came in town for Mardi Gras... (I live here)... SHE suggested "Sugar Shack".... blush blush... I"VE NEVER BEEN after all these years.  Sorry for that!  ANWAY..... Yes, it was packed... yes it was Mardi Gras.  The Food was excellent.  The waitress... GREAT...  HOWEVER.... the JERK guarding the bathroom didn't CARE if you were a paying customer.... HE was just trying to be  a jackass.  Imagine.... He was KING of guarding the bathrooms and yet had attitude.  ANYWAY.. Sugar Shack... how about a STAMP at the door so that the idiot... "King of the bathrooms" will know who are paying customers!  BUT.. again.. great place.  I will for sure be back... I just HAVE to see the "King of the toilets" AGAIN!