Amazing!
Service was outstanding. 
Breakfast was incredible!   Delicious. 
Service was amazing!  Did I say that?
Reasonable prices as well!
Highly recommended!!!I work a few blocks from this cafe and just had to try it out because it is new. I had been hearing how great the coffee was and I wanted to check their food menu. As soon as I walked in this quaint cafe it was immediate so very welcoming with the coffee bar, art, friendly staff and the great vibe. I was sat quickly and my order was taken. I ordered the Salmon with a mushroom sauce, baby carrots and broccoli. The Salmon was cooked perfectly, the chef really cares what he is doing. He brought my food out. I was feeling the love for sure. But I must say, the mushroom sauce is amazing plus the fresh carrots and broccoli. Well done Streetcar Cafe, I will be back and bring family and friends. It was an awesome dining experience.Late night coffee and beignets! Tasty and fresh, well worth my short walk. Not busy, but we should help them change that!!Quick friendly service with great food! I came here early on a Saturday morning around 9 am. It was still quiet as I'm sure most people were still sleeping or hungover from their night out on Bourbon St. I ordered a coffee and a Cajun sausage omelette. Both were great. Tons of flavor in the sausage omelette and cooked perfectly. The hash browns with it were ok as well. This is a perfect little spot just off canal that you're sure to like.Super friend staff and the food was delicious!!!! I tried the beignets and they were good. We would definitely come back here when we visit New Orleans again.We were here early on a Monday morning, great service and coffee. The Beinets were good and the omelette was also very goodDelicious! Service was great too. I had the Cajun sausage omelette. I would definitely recommend it and visit this place again.Nice little restaurant with good food and excellent service. Judit was awesome and very accommodating for our 3 year old. I would definitely recommend for breakfast or lunch if you're in the area.Went to streetcar this morning. No waiting and the food was phenomenal. Shrimp and grits were the best I've ever had. Coffee was also great. Don't leave New Orleans without stopping hereWonderful brunch and service. The food was delicious and enjoyed the charming atmosphere. Will definitely return.Great new cafe with long hours and a great menu selection. We had the egg white omelet, and Cajun sausage omelet. The food came out fast and are server Judith was amazing. They have a full bar and the bloodymary is very delicious. I look forward to returning to try more. I would recommend this for people liking classic New Orleans dishes with a small twist. Great job I wish you much success.I enjoyed my breakfast I had at 9pm great place that has a variety on their menu. The bartender was super nice and the waiter gave us recommendation around town. Great place. Currently they have construction around them but they are opened check them out!I'm in town for a work trip and stumbled on this place by walking around. It's my favorite place so far!! The food is wonderful, the staff are friendly and helpful, and the environment is comfortable and clean. Had to return multiple times during my week-long trip. Highly recommend!!Streetcar cafe is a quaint place and every now and then real streetcar comes by, food was delicious and the beignets are the bomb.What a wonderful little cafe! The staff was very friendly from the moment we walked in, and very accommodating to the younger members of our party, letting us place their orders early. There were ample vegetation friendly options and their house made orange jam was just delicious! I will certainly make a point to come back whenever I'm in the area again.wow, great food and even better service. the crab cake benedicks are fabulous. service was fast and super freindly. we'll be backMy colleague  and I stopped in for brunch between sessions. It wasn't too far from The host hotel was a short distance away.  We were seated immediately. The Seafood  Omelet  was AMAZING!!! There's no picture because I ate it all!! My colleague had the Cajun Penne Pasta and almost licked the bowl clean. Great food, great atmosphere, great spot!Great spot for brunch, lunch or dinner. I went around lunch time once the crowds were dying down. Menu has some great options. I ordered the shrimp poboy and a cup of gumbo which came with a side of potato salad. Everything was delicious the potato salad reminded me of my moms! The service was superb. Waitress was very attentive and informative on the menu selections as well as the beer. I had a local IPA called the Holley Roller...def give this one a try. I will definitely be coming back the next time I'm in NOLA.Great food and service.  Kyle at the bar was very friendly and very knowledgeable on drinks and recommendations for around the city. Check this place out!The service and food were very good. I had the shrimp, crawfish, cheddar omelet. I requested egg whites instead of whole eggs and was accommodated with no trouble. The biscuit was tasty, too. The one drawback for me was my cafe au lait. The coffee was a bit weak with the flavor overwhelmed by the hot milk component. My husband drinks his coffee black and for him the taste of the coffee was fine. I would go here again but would order a regular coffee.Wonderful service and fantastic beignets. We loved this place! We choose it for an afternoon break from the heat and a little snack. They have happy hour with a nice selection and everything we got was delicious.WOW...is all I have to say about this as a breakfast spot.
  I had the Crisply Omelette Plate w/side of bacon and wheat toast, and holy crap it was good.
As far as the overall service, EXCELLENT.  
Very very welcoming and clean establishment. A++Recently opened and gave it a try for breakfast.
Simply ordered coffee and beignets.  Service was great, the restaurant was very clean and the beignets were delicious.
Will be returningQuick service.. Good food.. Great price point!! I ordered a cup of gumbo, which was really good and hot. I also ordered the seafood omelette with shrimp, crawfish, onions, peppers and etc.. Really good! The grits was good too.. I will come back to this establishment again. Service, food and hospitality was amazing!Amazing spot!! Great breakfast, and a whole other class from the competing(only good for hangovers) food!  Killer service the whole time! Highly recommend.Definitely mediocre.  We decided to try it here, since I had a hankering for beignets but did not want to wait in the long café du monde line.  We walked over and the stand was crowded by three employees.  Two were chatting and looking at their phones and did not even remotely make eye contact.  One greeted us, and sat us, but was coughing up a storm, which made me uncomfortable.  The food was pretty good, and it did satisfy my craving and our server was fine until the end.  Once we were done with our food, we were completely ignored for minutes.  We tried to get the attention of several people, but we were continuously ignored.  We finally got the attention of another waitress and asked for our bill, and she said she would get our waitress.  The host who sat us also noticed that we were struggling to get her attention and said he would let her know.  By the time she finally came to our table, (without the bill, she asked what we wanted) my husband was so frustrated he just said "...we want to leave." We were basically stuck there post eating for 30 minutes, creeping into our precious vacation time where we wanted to explore the city.Quality on many layers! All the staff focuses on delivering great food and positive energy. If you are looking for a quality food experience and great food, this is a must stop. Weather local or traveling, feel that anyone would be fully satisfied.Came here for lunch with my husband and this has been our fav so far!! We have been here for 4 days and have been to a lot of top Yelpers but Street Car was excellent from the food to the service. I ordered a shrimp po boy and my husband had a veggie omelet with grits. We also orders beignets to go and asked for Carmel sauce on the side ...... I ate them 4 hours later and they were SO good and soft like I just ordered them! Back to the food I personally loved the grits. I've had grits a few times here and being from Atlanta I haven't loved them but Street Car got it right! Nice and creamy not overly thick but not watery at all. The shrimp on the po boy were seasoned well! The food is a tad pricey but It's in alignment with all the restaurants here I guess it's a tourist area so that's just the average. I have to shout out our waitress Judy. She was sooo pleasant and concerning about our food the taste and she wanted our honest feedback and was willing to make any adjustments (which we didn't need) . But what was interesting was her care for our experience we thought she was the owner, so we asked and when she said no we were shocked! That's AMAZING to have a team member that makes your customers think they are the owner you rarely find employees who can show concern for the business like the owner would. We were really impressed!   We will definitely be back to NOLA and definitely coming back to Streetcar .I stayed at a nearby hotel with no continental breakfast, so I found myself here on a Saturday morn feeling a bit hungover and extremely hungry. My brother and I were able to get seated right away and the service was very fast. I had a coffee, veggie omelet, and biscuit. Everything was delicious and our server kept the coffee refills coming. My omelet and biscuit stuck with me for awhile that day and I got a mimosa to go (ahem, hair of the dog).
So if you find yourself in the neighborhood and in need of some diner food (after awhile all the spicy New Orleans specially dishes can be a bit too much on your stomach!), this is a solid choice. If I find myself in the area again I'd definitely go back. It's also worth noting that I assume the restaurant is named this because it's by several street car stops.this is a very good  option for breakfast, lunch and dinner in St Charles street , the service was outstanding, the food wonderful, I highly recommend to go there Paola Maria is an excellent attendant  .Sara and JorgeHad breakfast on Memorial Day. They were probably understaffed. Very slow service this day. They did bring us a complimentary order of beignets as an apology. 
Omelets were ok. Biscuits were nice and fresh. 
The mimosa was fresh squeeze orange juice and the Bloody Mary was the nicest presentation I had all weekend.Is ok... nothing special.  Should of went next door as same breakfast items were less expensive.  Food was greasy.  Will know better next time.. this is where yelp failed me when looking at reviews.Amazing food! Amazing mimosas! Amazing staff! Judith added to the experience by providing great conversation and laughs! Just great! My husband and I spent a weekend in New Orleans and found this spot on our last day and it's the best meal thus far on our trip. Definitely recommend to all.Y'all everything about this place is exceptional! I also had bottomless mimosas & the Vietnamese coffee that isn't pictured. The made from scratch beignets are TO DIE FOR, one that you'll crave for sure! The service was fast and friendly . Bathrooms were well kept! I would definitely be back and recommend to others! Good job streetcar cafe!This cafe is right next door to our hotel (Intercontinental) & it's truly a hidden gem. The chicken breast sandwich was fresh, the seafood pasta was perfect & the salmon salad was tasty. Oh & the Beignets were PERFECT! Our server, Judit, was so pleasant and a great help with menu options. Try it! You won't be disappointed!Don't let the construction scare you away from here.   Just picked here because it was close to our hotel and we were all super thankful we did.  We're from Chicago and we're surprised that the pricing wasn't typical of a "downtown" restaurant, it was a little more reasonable.  I had the gumbo as did my daughter.  It was amazing.  I devoured mine and finished most of hers.  My wife got the jambalaya which was also very very good.   If I could have finished that too, I would have.  Service was great, it was a nice quiet place and I can't really find a bad thing to say about it.    Go eat here!   You won't regret it.Very very good food. The Rice and Beans, Jambalaya and Gumbo were as good as I've ever had. My expectations were definitely surpassed.Have eaten breakfast, lunch, and dinner here and the food and waitstaff are fantastic. Love this restaurant.If you are looking for a less busy breakfast establishment in NOLA, then this place is an idea. The food was fine overall.Had a great breakfast here, got there about 830 there was no wait. They were very accommodating and got us every thing we asked for! Had eggs and a biscuit with crunchy bacon and hashbrowns. Ordered some beignets, and pancakes and chocolate chip pancakes :-)Excellent little place on St. Charles street.  We stopped by twice in two days, thanks to great service by Maribel and Judit. Coffee and Beignets were freshly made and full of flavor. 
Stop by if you're in the neighborhood.Food was great and the service good.  Don't let the surrounding construction scare you off.Found this place looking for Daisy Dukes. Excellent food and service.  Had breakfast and brought my wife for lunch the next day.  She said the fried oysters were the best she's had in 20 years, fresh not frozen.  Portions are great & very attentive service.  Apparently it recently opened. It quaint and not packed.Hole in the wall tourist cafe, not fancy, fast, friendly, efficient, and affordable - but left hubby with bad tummy after the biscuits and gravy.I have to give this place a 5-star review because I want everyone coming to New Orleans to try at least once. Price is very very reasonable. Food is exceptionally good. I am 100% satisfied customer when we walk out the door. We had NOLA gumbo, house salad with added crab cakes and grilled shrimp, alligator bites and beignets. Love everything we ordered. Keep up the good work, Streetcar Cafe!Awesome service! Amazing food! I ate here twice during my visit to NOLA. 
The crab cakes, shrimp and grits, beignets and mimosas are all to die for!!I ordered the red beans and rice and it was soo good!! Definitely would come here and get more!What a great find!! The food is Amazing. The seafood omelette and French toast was so good for breakfast, I came back the next day with family for lunch. The chicken sandwich, salmon salad and seafood paste were great as well. And the Taste of New Orleans was Awesome. We were all members of the clean plate club. And Judit is Awesome. A great reason for a return visit!!This was a delicious breakfast brunch place that we ate at. Wait staff were friendly and made sure we had everything we needed to enjoy our breakfast. The restaurant was small and out of the way. This place was definitely a diamond and so glad we tried it. I would highly recommend.We ate here for breakfast this morning and it was great! Fast, attentive service and delicious food. My girls got chocolate chip pancakes and I had the crab cakes Benedict and a side of bacon. They even asked if I wanted my bacon crispy. Everything was excellent and we'll be back!Street Car Cafe had a great relax vibe.  Great decor and beautiful local art work.  I ordered a biscuit and a side of grits.  The biscuit was tender and delicious.  The grits were creamy and cooked perfectly. The service was amazing.  I would recommend over Ruby Slipper.  I intentionally ordered the same items I had at the ruby slipper.  By far, hands down better. My biscuit at Ruby Slipper was ROCK HARD and the side of grits I had was 3 tbsps.ONE WORD for everything overall: Food, quantity, quality, service: AMAZING!!!
I highly recommend the Taste of New Orleans or the House Salad with Fried OystersService was great but my crab cake egg Benedict was just OK. Nothing to write home about.Food was great- except biscuits were hard.  Coffee was great!  Service was good, but our food took a long time to get to our table and the restaurant was not crowded- just our table and another couple.Great red beans and  rice.  We just got into town and looking for this.   Highly recommend.Fantastic food and service! We've gone for brunch a few times and Judit and Natalia took care of us! The beignets and espresso martini hit the spot.After visiting some of the tourist trap coffees at the French Quarters we came to Street Car cafe. Great service, tasty coffee  and maybe the best Banquets at the whole City. Love it.Delish!!  Great shrimp and grits - very flavorful and perfect texture on the grits (not mushy). Scrambled eggs were done well (soft and not dry). And the beignets were light and flakey. Service is excellent - prompt, friendly. We've found a "comeback" place for breakfast in NOLA!I am a bit surprised at the rating. We came here because of the good reviews, but if you are a foodie at all steer clear. This is the definition of average. The place was packed, usually a good sign, but I would not wait 5 minutes. Breakfast was served before our drinks, toast was cold, grits were like wall paper paste. The crab cake Benedict was awful.  The sauce was watery with lumps from a packet. My friend got biscuits and gravy with sausage that was clearly a hot dog. I can't even waste
More time writing the review it was that bad.Such a fun find! It's a little hole in the wall, literally, so you have to look for it. But super great food selection with delicious options. We really enjoyed the alligator appetizer and the Po-Boys.A hidden gem in the business district (no, seriously, it was hard to find and no obvious sign on the outside). About a block from the Hilton on St. Charles.  
To start, excellent service by Marina.  Frequently checked on coffee and very knowledgeable on the menu.  
Food - I had the shrimp and grits, and the biscuit.  Both amazing (I've had a lot of southern/creole food, and these were excellent).  Full bar and TV so might be fun for watching sports.  
My only suggestion.....get a sign you can read so that more people can find this place!!
I'll be back in my next trip for sure.Streetcar is a good, reasonably priced place to have breakfast, and probably other meals. The beignets are delicious, and portions are large, so bring a healthy appetite.Nice little cafe. A bit hard to find. Sign in the window with a little canopy. Cajun omelet and coffee was very good. Nice atmosphere with relaxing music in the background.Yummy! Now I know why they have a 5 star! All the food we ordered was delicious! Service was attentive and fast! My coffee and grapefruit mimosa were never empty. The beignets were big and not oily Marie our server was sweet and helpful! We will definitely be back next year. The food in New Orleans never disappoints! Thank youDecided on this place after we wanted to go back to the Ruby Slipper, but there was a 1+ hour wait. We chose here based on the 5 star review. Streetcar Cafe is anything but 5 star. They are overpriced for the amount you get. My crab cake benedicts were dry due to the little amount of hollandaise sauce and pretty flavorless. The "poached" egg was hardboiled.
The service was bad too. It took forever to get an iced tea and a chai latte...Starbucks would've been faster! We also ordered beignets, which we never received. The server never came back to refill my tea or see how we were enjoying our food. Very sad to think this was the last place in NOLA we ate with all the options available to us.
Don't be fooled like we were with the 5 star rating. Our bill was $40 for the benedicts, a po' boy, iced tea, and a chai latte. Spend your hard earned money somewhere else for better food and service!I'm really surprised at the star rating of this place. Or maybe we just got there on a bad day for them? 
We went for breakfast/brunch on a Saturday. Coffee is just meh. I had the cafe au lait-- next time I'll try their espresso bc the coffee was weak. And it took 20 minutes to get our coffee out to us. I ordered the southern breakfast with hash browns. The hash browns were cold. As in were they ever cooked or had they been sitting on the plate forever?  How could a waiter bring out a plate where half of the food on it was cold? I sent it back and it came out a few minutes later heated up. No apology, no desire to make anything right beyond bringing it back heated. Meh. With so many amazing dining options in NOLA I'll skip this place from now on. You probably should too.The Hashbrown stuffed omelet was good. Worth going back to. Construction outside the restaurant,  but worth the trip.I picked this place out myself and it ended up being soo good. No wait on Sunday morning at 11 am which is different than other places and the food was even better than the more popular places.Delicious breakfast. The grits were creamy and eggs done just the way I like them. Friendly service and a cute, clean place. Give it a try!Great cafe with great for a quiet time and great drinks. 
Decor is casual , comfortable and inviting . Hot and New see Brandy great hostess.Awesome Bloody Mary. Awesome service. Great value for the food. Located in the CBD for those tired of the FQ.Found this cool spot for breakfast, close to our hotel. 5 minute walking distance. All the reviews were on point and then some!! No wait, like alot of the other breakfast spots and plenty of seating. The service was excellent!! The bathrooms are super clean. Our server, Mallick, came by often to check on us. Our food tasted so good! The eggs and bacon all tasted fresh and had a great flavor. The grits were creamy and so flavorful! The biscuits are homemade and fluffy and the gravy was really good! Nothing was overcooked or greasy. The presentation of the plates were perfect. My son's omelet was the perfect serving with cheese, parsley, tomatoes, and cajun sausage. He said it was delicious! The vanilla latte was delicious and tasted so good! Prices very reasonable. While eating, you can admire a local artist's paintings, which are for sale. We really enjoyed our brunch!! We will be back on our future visits to New Orleans.I accidentally stumbled upon this cool cafe. It's small but not too small. They serve all day breakfast. Happy hour is from 2pm to 7pm daily. Personally,  I love the house margarita. It's classic. It pairs well with the crab cake pasta. I would love post the pics, but the food was so good, I started tearing it up immediately! I would highly recommend this cafe to both tourists and locals.Great location on St Charles Street. On a rainy night we popped in from our hotel next door...new Residence Inn. Very warm and friendly vibe.  They are known for their great breakfasts. However, we were there for dinner. Food was good and the portions were ample. Nothing outstanding, but we didn't pay $50 for our meal either!Their Beingets soooo good and big...'twas perfect!....didn't even bother wasting time lining up and trying cafe du monde's mini and proly overrated product.   We hit this place 3x in 3 days.You can walk right past it... but don't. Super cute little cafe.  Server was really nice. Thankfully she recommended the bottomless mimosas- they were yummy and the many glasses during brunch and a to-go cup on our way out made it worth it!  I had the bbq shrimp and grits. The grits were creamy and super tasty. The shrimp was cooked well, but the barbecue sauce was a little sweet for a morning meal- but it also could have been all the mimosas that tainted my view.  The service was superb and, despite being a little sweet, the food was really yummy. Those mimosas though!!!Good food and great service! We had the catfish po boy, gumbo, and jambalaya. All three were delicious! And the staff was very friendly and provided great service, especially Judit.We tried a few of the beignet cafes, but this one by far had our favorite! Super fluffy and delicious!Small intimate place for all day breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Good size portions and friendly atmosphere.  Non commercialized good food place.  Recommend for sure.Great place for breakfast close to
Our hotel. Service was good.  Everything we ordered was delicious. Coffee was a little frothy and strong.