I had the iced coffee it was watered down and not very tasty. I also had a chocolate croissant it was very oily and greasy. The ambience is very cool and hipstery but there is only one table for seating with poor lighting.This was a wonderful coffee shop! I loved the atmosphere, the baristas were super friendly, and the coffee was supreme! If you love coffee this is the place to go!I'll betray my country for this coffee.
P.S. I am supposed to add more text here because my review is short. And I do not really know what else to add because I feel like my review pretty sums up my experience at Stumptown Coffee Roasters.If you read any of my coffee reviews, you'll know that I'm a fan of Stumptown and other third wave, independent coffee roasters. So of course when I found out that there was a Stumptown in New Orleans, I had to visit.
This Stumptown, like its counterpart in midtown NYC, is located inside the Ace Hotel in the Warehouse district. True to Stumptown's reputation, it's aesthetically pleasing with its art deco interior. I love the brass-trimmed light fixture that runs above the bar and the bookshelf filled with coffee beans and other paraphernalia by the door.
I ordered a tea while my BF ordered an espresso. My tea was fine (not that it's too difficult to pour some hot water into a cup and put in a teabag), but my BF's espresso was awful. It was pulled waaaay too early and thus, there was no crema and it tasted watery. The sad thing is that we both know that Stumptown baristas are very knowledgeable and experienced in coffee brewing; however, it seemed from this instance that they simply did not care enough to correct this obviously poorly made espresso and presented it willingly to a paying customer. 
We were fairly disappointed, as our experiences with Stumptown have been nothing but stellar up to this point. Hopefully it was an off day and despite this blunder, we will still be frequenting other Stumptowns across the country.HOLY MOLY! I don't even know where to begin. We came all the way from Tucson Arizona to visit New Orleans for the first time. We are coffee lovers so we had to search up where to go in NOLA. We found Stumptown and just knew we had to go! 
WHAT AN EXPERIENCE! The staff was very welcoming and very helpful with any questions we had. They all have this amazing presence the minute you walk into the coffee lounge. We loved you guys! 
Kyle was our barista. He is phenomenal at his job. And we can't thank him enough for going out of his way to make our first visit here THE BEST. 
I honestly will say this..... Coming to Stumptown was by far the BEST PART OF OUR FIRST TRIP TO NEW ORLEANS. 
Thank you all for being so amazing!Cool spot to hang out! Three different types of cold brew including nitro on tap. Reminded me of being in the Pacific Northwest. Plus, the staff is super friendly.I spotted this from the streetcar on my first visit back to NOLA in years and couldn't believe my eyes. I love their bottled stuff (esp. Winter Cheer) but had never had it straight from the source.  If you like cold brew, THIS is the stuff. Their "Endless Summer" is described as a "caffeinated play on the mint julep" and is smooth, refreshing and just lovely. A couple of tasty cookies (lemon thyme shortbread and a brown butter chocolate) with that perfect balance of sweet and salty and I went to my happy place.  It'll be a challenge to limit myself to one visit a day for the duration of my trip, and I don't think I'm even gonna try.The goal was simple: a nice cup of coffee and a place to catch up on some reading. Mission accomplished!
Stumptown Coffee has your typical coffee options along with the cold brew choices. My selection was a regular coffee that did not disappoint. With that being said, the cold brew was a popular check every among the patriots during my visit.
The staff was friendly and efficient. A good combination considering the long line that was in front of me when I first entered this coffee shop. 
Atmosphere was relaxing with the lights dimmed for a nice effect unless you were reading printed material as opposed to your electronic devices. The art on the walls were a nice touch along with the exposed brick in the back room.I LOVE Stumptown's iced coffee, and when I heard they were opening an iced coffee-centric location in New Orleans, I was stoked. It definitely did not disappoint. The service was extremely friendly and helpful, and because I got there not too long before closing, they threw in an extra scone when I bought a croissant. 
The croissant was great, and the scone was a savory scone, almost like a cheesy garlic biscuit. I highly recommend it.
There's also a great atmosphere, as well as a way to buy a big growler of their iced coffee. Tempting, to say the least!
It was happy hour at the Ace Hotel bar when I arrived (near closing) so it was really loud and there was no place to sit. I bet if I went at a morning hour it wouldn't be as crazy, but the loudness and not being able to sit down and enjoy my coffee is the reason I gave Stumptown 4 stars.Stumptown Coffee gives me comfort. Because of the brand's fine reputation, you always know you're going to get a good cup, whether that be a straight-up Americano or nitro cold brew from the tap, in addition to their array of bottled and refrigerated coffee drinks. 
The baristas here are professionals and treat the customer well. Drinks are prepared lovingly and artfully. The store may seem like it's designed for the grab & go customer but I encourage you to venture to the back for a most whimsical living room in which you'll want to relax with your brew.
Love this place forever.In the lobby of the ACE hotel - don't miss the art in the back. Exhibit by Genevieve Gaignard made the visit worthwhile - but that may have been the hotel's doing. The single communal table does not invite people to linger. The coffee was expensive for being a pretty mundane cup of joe. Espresso drinks may be more impressive, but I didn't return to find out. Three stars for the hotel's atmosphere and the fact it wasn't as charmless as Starbucks, even if it's still a major chain.The employees were amazing. I loved the atmosphere of the place. The coffee was perfect. Only critique is a better working station.Cool little place.  Had some fun stuff.  Awesome and unique.  There is coffee on tap what a great idea.I had a few hours to grab a coffee before work & chose this shop because of how close it was to me, but it was such a little gem! Great iced latte, nice staff, and adorable artsy decor. Great vibes. I wish I could've spent longer hanging out. There's places to sit and read or desks for laptop users. A little bit of everything. I will definitely stop by if I'm ever in town again.2 for the price of 1!? Wow.  Fresh off a disappointing coffee experience at Cafe Du Monde (PSA - eat the beignets and get your coffee elsewhere) we made the trek to this place and as expected, it was top notch.  I would give a limb to have this in the lobby of my hotel, sigh.  Beautiful space, yummy coffee and an unexpectedly great parfait.  Plus they gave me a bonus maccchiato!!  Guess I'm looking rough this morning ;-)I was beyond excited when I saw we were getting a Stumptown here!
I first had their coffee while on work in Portland in January and I've been thinking about it ever since.  They just have a way of making a latte that is so good I can't describe it!
Looks like I'm going to be going downtown to get coffee on occasion now.Went in for the love of stumptown coffee, left without coffee due to extremely rude service.I had stopped by once before for a pour over in a hurry. As a chef/foodie, the service and the experience were so unique, and the coffee was so fantastic, that I talked my boyfriend into walking from our home in the Marigny on New Years Day, looking forward to showing him an awesome new place. 
We ordered a scone and a granola bar, and 2 cappuccinos  " with added woodblock chocolate". The cashier kept repeating to my boyfriend that it was called a mocha..... insinuating that the way he was reading it off the menu was incorrect? Okay, I get he wasn't using "correct coffee language", but she knew what he meant, and being repeatedly corrected is incredibly condescending. Instead of being informative, offering suggestions, and explaining the options, she just shut him down. Not a great way to educate and earn repeat customers? 
She didn't ask.... but I told her we were eating/drinking there. She handed us our 2 pastries in a bag, and we ended up with paper cups. I watched as other guests, with a different cashier, got plates and real cups?
We sit down and I take a bite of the scone that was labeled " scone" in the glass case, using my paper bag as a plate, and realize it had bacon in it. We aren't vegetarians, but we do have a pet pig, and we don't eat pork. 
Coffee was delicious, the pecan croissant I traded in the bacon scone for was incredible. 
We are locals, and looking for a new, unique place to enjoy Saturday mornings. Bottom line... the lack of attention to basic details and the poor service was so disappointing, I doubt we will be back. Sad.This coffee shop is like a home away from home. The coffee is delicious, the staff is amazing. The atmosphere here is very cozy, and the pastries look heavenly. I wish i loved in nola just so I could become a regular!!! So glad I stopped in !!I absolutely love Stumptown coffee. I had my first taste of it when I was in Portland, and was really excited to hear that we'd be getting a location in New Orleans. 
This location does not disappoint. My husband had a latte and enjoyed every sip of it. Meanwhile, I wasn't in a coffee mood that morning (already had a cup or two and didn't want to be buzzin' the whole day) so I ordered their pecan croissant. OMG. Best. Croissant. Ever. Plan on going back many, many times in the days to come. Even if it's just for the croissant.What a place!! If I could give this more stars.. jk there aren't enough. The location is amazing and the adjacent hotel even more. The cold brew is delicious and the staff will let you try drinks until you're satisfied and ready to order. Whether you want peace and quiet in the back, or loud and friendly in the bar next door, make this a nice destination to chill down from a warm day in the city!!We had a great experience here. The baristas were helpful and knowledgeable. We had a pour over, which was done very well, and a their seasonal brown sugar latte. They were awesome. Came back the next day and had their cold brew. Can't go wrong here.This is a nice place to take a break in New Orleans. The coffee is very good, but its best feature is that it's connected to the beautiful and unique Ace Hotel. I recommend stopping in and enjoying the vibes. Nice for photos, too!I had several days of cappuccinos and lattes around New Orleans on my trip.   NONE better than Stumptown.    Rich, nutty, creamy, and just super tasty espresso drinks.   A great place to unwind and enjoy a break.   Worth the walk from the hotel down the street.  Great service and friendly staff.   Go!!!I just stumbled into the best coffee house in New Orleans. I will be stumbling in there often. Please, please bypass Starbucks (and dare I even say CC's). There was a certain richness in their lattes that I haven't found anywhere else. It was nice to actually feel like I was inside a coffeehouse. Super friendly baristas. My new daily coffee spot for sure.Love the ambiance. They had a great variety of drinks options, including kombucha. The chai latte is tea bag based-- wasn't my favorite. Overall it was a great place to hang out playing cards with friends.If you enjoy your coffee with a side of polyurethane, then Stumptown is the place to go. I know it's probably an unfair criticism since it's only been open two months, but holy hell, the smell of varnish inside this place was unbearable.
Luckily, you're free to roam the grounds to the lobby, to the ground floor bar, to the back area with curtains with poems(?) on them, or upstairs to the wonderful rooftop bar Alto.
As far as the coffee goes, Stumptown is Stumptown. It's ubiquitous, and it's pretty good coffee.I've never been to the original stumptown, but I'm certainly a fan of the NO location. The space is bright and clean with friendly knowledgeable staff and their prices cannot be beat honestly. 
Last time I was there I tried a small batch Guatemala cold brew (only $3.50 for a small?!) and it was fantastic. They also have some local pastries to pair with your drink and I always go for a port city pantry cookie  
Its located in the ACE, so its great to sit inside on a hot day to take a break.Got a super tasty pourover and enjoyed every last sip. It was the first time I tried Stumptown. It was so good. It was so hip.Love the style and ambience of the space as well as the coffee.  Even though it's a solid 15-20 minute drive from my house I tend to make the trip here at least once every week or so.  Though quite caloric, the pecan croissant/sticky bun is incredible!Coffee shop with a mature feel
Atmosphere:  The ambience has a very adult-like aura to it, without the cookie cutter look to it.  The first area to walk into has a large table with plenty of chairs to sit and enjoy your beverage with a group of friends.  The immediate left has a shelf with some retail items, such as diner mugs, small travel tumblers, and also bagged whole beans.  Beyond the shelf is a long counter or condiments.  The right is a counter to place orders, as well as a selection of other beverages and some assorted pastries.  Their menu has coffee/espresso options, very legible to read, as many coffee shops often have difficult to read menus on boards above the register (I don't know why, is that a thing?)
Food:  I did not order any food, just a soy latte.  I do like my soy to be steamed below the recommended 150-155°F, so I can immediate start enjoying my beverage instead of waiting for it to cool down.  It was ready within a few minutes, with a beautiful heart topped into the froth. Awwww...  *gush*
Service:  It's a simple process at the coffee shop, order, pay, move down the line, wait for drink.  But this place made it a little better with the tiniest details.  My cashier repeated my order exact, and my barista also repeated my order when handing my drink with the latte art on top.  Yes, it is a simple and easy thing to do, but it does make one feel like attention was paid with care to the order
I'm not often in New Orleans, but when I do come back, it will be a place I'll be frequenting during my entire stay.  There's something a little bit different about this store than in Portland, OR.  I loved it.
Note:  I bought a bag of beans, and was hoping for more options.  I did purchase one of their best sellers to tryI had been living in Seattle for several years so I was excited to find Stumptown when I moved to New Orleans. I'm addicted to the cold brew. I stopped into the Carondelet shop this morning around 745 am and got the best customer service at the register. I did not get her name but she was friendly and polite and very engaging. She made me want to come back.Made an educated guess this afternoon that the run from the streetcar stop at the corner of Carondelet and Girod was shorter than the run from the next stop at Carondelet and Poydras. And this was important because the world was ending and falling to Earth in the form of rain. With only a small umbrella to protect me, I wanted to get inside as quickly as possible and Stumptown was the obvious choice.
On this visit, it was much quieter than any previous visit and I think it's the better for it. The guy behind the counter was super nice, very friendly and generally nice to deal with. I went for a pretty boring medium coffee ($2.85) and asked for milk. There was a gallon jug on the counter but rather than hand that over, he grabbed a little jug, decanted some and then handed the jug to me. Classy and quality move which I appreciated. The coffee itself was decent, pretty standard filter coffee really.
It seems like overall, everything is running much smoother since the initial opening. I do think they could do with some stools for the window to allow for more seating but apart from that, it's pretty good.One of my favorite dive coffee shops in the world. Get the mocha latte. Great, grunge atmosphere in lobby of hotel adorned with perfectly worn (out) upholstered and leather furniture, broken lamps, and a bar that I am sure is the best, undiscovered place to be in New Orleans. I felt like I was among the mysterious, the wealthy, diplomats, drifters, the lost, and maybe s few fleeing felons. I was so excited that I think I piddled a little. I'm heading back today.A nice gem settled on a side street in the warehouse district that is attached to the ace hotel. There is also a bar that joins the coffee shop and the ace hotel lobby, which helps to satisfy a torn crowd. There are tables in the back to get your studying or surfing done and also couches for casual conversation. The nitro comes in a glass that resembles something you would receive with a stout. There are also crafted cappuccinos and standard cold brews.This was a surprise after a lot of disappointing food experiences in New Orleans.. a really good coffee shop. The baristas know what they're doing and prepare espresso drinks properly (I've come to feel this is somewhat more important than the particulars of the coffee, which I'm sure is also quite good here). I wish there were a bit more in the way of pastries, which run out by 9ish each morning, but I really like this place.Very nice coffee shop located next to the Ace hotel (part of it actually), ideal to grab a fresh orange juice and some tasteful Greek yoghurt granola to start the day (or less healthy choices if you feel like having a nice croissant). Prices are a bit too high though!I've been reading about Stumptown for a few years now and just happened to be staying near this location recently so thought I'd try it out. I'm a big lover of coffee, almost to a point of being a coffee geek, so I have all the equipment at home to make various coffee drinks: pour-over, French press, espresso, cold brew, moka, drip, etc.  
When I travel, I like good coffee and am thankful for the growth of artisan coffee shops. Anyway, with all that said, I walked into Stumptown wanting a good morning cup of coffee. I know they can make varieties of special brews but I just wanted simple drip coffee as 1) a test of their basics and 2) a cup for less than $3. They passed the test of making a very good basic cup of coffee for around $2.79, if I recall; not cheap but not crazy either. Next time I'm near another Stumptown, I'll likely try some of their other offerings, but for those of you wanting a basic cup of coffee, these folks can take care of you.Great atmosphere. Nothing like a good cup of coffee. Service was very good, they were friendly!Love this place! It's a very different and unique take on a coffee shop. The bar is set up like an old fashioned bar with a beautiful tap for multiple coffee brews (served like a beer in a pint). They also experiment with different types of drinks like cold brew sodas, etc. In the back there is seating at a big common table or small two chair "tea" tables. The back is like a museum with different art to view while enjoying coffee.
Coffee isn't as sweet but is more bitter and bold.Sorry we came...
Not because the coffee was bad, it was actually really good. But the workers acted as if we were inconveniencing them as we walked in and asked for coffee. A deep sigh from the guy who had to make iced lattes for us. Not to mention we both ordered large drinks and I received a large but the other was so obviously a small and we were told they're both larges...now I may not be a smart man, but I can see the obvious difference between the size.
I had looked so much to come here, it was going to be the highlight of my day. The coffee was great, but the attitudes of your workers was just unprofessional and poor.I'd never been to Stumptown in Portland (well, I've never been to Portland at all) but I've tried Stumptown brews before. 
This location of Stumptown Coffee is a part of an Ace Hotel in New Orleans. The interior is BEAUTIFUL. Spacious, but with somewhat limited seating. I got an iced americano and ended up chilling here for an hour. 
I recommend not driving here - as parking options seem limited to street parking or valet. 
Not the cheapest but you're paying the premium for the brand. And maybe the cost of rent for this beauty! Note there are other more local coffee shops in NOLA that you may want to choose to support first and foremost!hm, I don't know, I've had Stumptown in Seattle, LA, and NYC. This one just didnt quite cut it for me. The iced latte was too milky, the nitro cold brew (on tap) was pale in comparison to the one at District Donuts Sliders & Brew Lakeview. The interior is beautiful though, very open and has a steampunk gastro feel. Wouldn't recommend working here if you don't enjoy a dark environment with experimental electronic and metal music.Great coffee, nice vibe. The small batch cold brew hit the spot on this hot and humid New Orleans day.Not your "everyday" coffee shop on the corner, but very forward in the coffee movement. I appreciate the shop's aesthetic that creates more of an experience. 
I had an iced coffee- black. Distinct flavor with fruity notes and a nutty finish.Great coffee and very nice casual atmosphere. Great people watching either in the shop, outside on the street, or in the adjoining Ace Hotel.First time going to stumptown however I am a big fan of their coffee, they did not disappoint. Very friendly lady took my order who had just moved to the city. I got the limited cold brew and it was great and strong. A nice light flavor with some sweetness, the perfect cold brew for a hot day. Look forward to visiting other Stumptowns in the futureLocated next to the spacious and inviting lobby at the ACE Hotel where we were staying Stumptown was a most welcome discovery. Their coffee is fantastic, really, it is! also features a selection of wonderful baked goods.This is a beautiful weekend right here.  You've got this wonderful coffee shop on the right side of the newly opened Ace Hotel and fabulous dining at Josephine Estelle on the left .  You are within walking distance to the French Quarter (0.5 mile) and the Warehouse District.  The street cars pass right out front too.  The lattes are beautifully done as are the yogurt parfaits and pastries.  Even if you are staying in the Quarter this place is worth a visitI usually don't enjoy Stumptown Coffee as almost every single coffee shop I go to in NYC serves their beans. Revelator Coffee was closed. Apparently they have new store hours and didn't bother to update their yelp page. Stumptown was the closest coffee shop nearby and I'm giving this place 5 stars alone on the ambiance and positive vibes. The barista was extremely friendly and it was nice sipping my cold brew in a big wooden table. I'm so used to cramped coffee spaces. If I needed to bang out work, I would definitely work out of here. Definitely would come back if I was in the area.Great atmosphere and library setting connect it to a ace hotel lobby. Love the vibe and the coffee. All the latte comes with 2 shots espresso. If you're in the area stop bye.I'm an espresso snob and nobody nearby pulls an espresso shot like this place. I enjoyed CC's. I find PJ's automated machines okay - on par with Starbucks. But this place? Fantastic.Cool saloon vibe with beverages on tap. A little on the pricey side, but the nitro brew was worth it!Not my cup of tea...or coffee. If you are a hipster and/or you like coffee that sort of tastes like Guinness, this is your place. I guess I'm just a traditional black coffee kind of girl.This is a delicious coffee shop! The décor inside is particularly beautiful and fits in well with the rest of the décor of the Ace. The latte I got was perfect! One of the best lattes I've had lately. I also got a ham and cheese croissant which was pretty good. Lots of cute products for sale. Worth checking out!This cute coffee shop was connected to our hotel on our visit to NOLA.  We stopped here every morning for our daily coffee.  Friendly staff and delicious coffee.  Highly recommend this location if you are in the area.Great coffee shop! The design of this cafe is so unique! I loved the chill vibe about it & the seating area. The coffee was really good. I had the nitro & the hubby had a cappuccino.It's cute, it's kitsch, it's dripping with photo ops and disdain for the hoi polloi. What's not so hot is the coffee. Tried it in all forms: hot, cold brew, carbonated, espresso. Just didn't knock my socks off, just lightened my wallet. 
The pastries were lovely, though...Delicious coffee & a fantastic atmosphere. 10/10 recommend for your morning caffeine fix!AMAZING coffee. This is Definitely going to be my new coffee shop. The service was great, they were so nice and informative! We both got Vanilla lattes with soy milk. Super cute little hearts on top and everything. The ambience is very modern with plenty of space and places to sit as well.OBSESSED! Wish there was one Chicago! I was there for Labor Day weekend and we randomly went inside and it was delicious we made sure to go the next day! Come to Chicago!!The coffee and pastry that we had this morning was absolutely wonderful! I hadn't had that good of coffee in a very long time.I feel like everyone who knows coffee knows that Stumptown is a trusted name and a safe bet. Normally I try to go strictly local when I'm traveling but I was hot and had done too much walking around and Stumptown was right there, a welcome beacon of rejuvenation and hope! I'm giving this place 5 stars because the staff was incredibly nice and the space was incredible. And of course the coffee was good, too! If you're in the neighborhood and need a place to rest your weary tourist legs and re-up your energy, definitely stop in!Loved the atmosphere - I bought the ETHIOPIA NANO CHALLA - wonderful flavor.  I had the COSTA RICA VILLALOBES pour over - very good .  They let me try their fermented tea which was interesting.  Wish we had this iN NJRoasted: visited Stumptown in New Orleans and had such a great visit here. This coffee shop is connected to a hotel and I love the open airy feeling of the cafe. Very comfortable with ample seating. Team was very friendly and engaging and even gave us a free drink (I think because my sweatshirts logo looked like the SCA logo) but however it was a nice surprise. The lattes were absolutely delicious with beautiful latte art. Couldn't ask for much more and would come back again. 
Unroasted: so happy we decided to skip the local chain and come to Stumptown.    Beautiful coffee shop attached to a hotel with two entrances to the hotel from inside.   The staff was one of the best we have had in a long time.   My latte was beautifully made and tasted amazing.    Great job Stumptown on leaving a great impression on us.  Ps sugar addedVery decent coffee in a lovely space.  I think the service was average at best, but it was a slow Sunday morning post parade in NOLA.  Nothing special.  If you are looking for a good latte, this is a fine choice.  If you want higher end espresso quality and focus, go to Spitfire.Espresso is good. Hipster minimalism is pretentious. Space is cool, in the Ace Hotel, with a nice table in the back with power outlets for getting some work done.
Their iced coffee is a travesty. It just does not taste good. I can't believe they stole New Orleans-style iced coffee, ruined it, then brought it to this town to sell. Even more disappointing is that Whole Foods is carrying it prominently over any of the dozens of local iced coffee purveyors.Great atmosphere! Beautifully balanced latte with rich creamy foam! Good selection of whole beans...including decaf! Knowledgeable, friendly, helpful staff! I'm in town for just a few days.  When I purchased two bags of beans and a latte this morning, the barista gave me a loyalty punch card, when I explained that I was only in town until tomorrow, she punched 10x and said "tomorrow's latte is on the house!"....great customer service!Awesome coffee shop with some of the best coffee in the country. Nitro cold brew is unbeatable.Didn't know it was here and was just walking by and dropped in. They have a lot of good snacks and of course they have oatmilk!! The latte was amazing and it's so cozy here, I could've stayed all day to finish up work. The staff is really chill and helpful too!Excellent coffee.  Located off the lobby of the Ace Hotel.  Great smooth cold brew.  Also a good variety of pastries, juices, and tea.  Nice communal table in the center of the space, with more seating in the lobby and an adjacent space with lighted tables.Just take all of my money already. 
I love Stumptown. Their coffee is always so smooth and delicious. I am not a huge fan of cold brew, but if I had to drink it, this would be the place. I tried it once and was pleasantly surprised. 
As I usually end up here toward the later half of the day, when it's stupid-hot out and caffeine would keep me up all night, I opt for the kombucha on tap. It is, hands, down, one of the best out there. 
The ambiance is cool. The chairs and couches make it easy to sit and chat with friends, or do some loungy type of work on the laptop. If you have some grinding to do, though, you might not find this to be the place. 
I tend to get lost easily, so I will share that you need to go through to the back of the coffee shop, hang a left, and head back into the hall to find the restrooms.Been wanting to try it for a while but usually busy in the morning since it's attached to the new Ace Hotel. I've had the "soda ice coffee", pretty different experience but nice and refreshing. Had a latte this morning, barista was quick and friendly, coffee was great.By far the best cold brew I've had out here! The place is connected to a hotel, it's spacious and inviting. I will definitely be back! The service was good, not the most friendly staff but polite. You could definitely tell we were not familiar with the menu, a little encouragement or guidance would have been helpful!Well done. Maintains the quality of a cortado and meets the stumptown bar. 
The ambiance is perfect for a pause in a hot day to just relax, read, code and sip a good cup of beans.
One note is that that the coffee made was slightly too hot for the beans and that I had to ask for sparking water (a typical given for cortados). Nonetheless, definitely recommend the cafe. If you like stumptown beans and brewing, you would not be disappointed.Looks really nice and super hipster-ish.
They need seats, or stools though. There's one beautiful, large table but this was taken over by guests checking out of the hotel so it's not clear if this is part of the hotel lobby or not.Stumptown in the lobby of the hotel you're staying at can only ever be 5 STARS right?! Not going to lie, when our uber driver pulled up to the curb right from the airport I knew this stay would be awesome after quickly Stumptown. 
I live for my morning, afternoon, sometimes early evening lattes and after my past trip abroad where finding good coffee was a real chore I was so happy to be able to experience the service and quality of Stumptown. 
You're in good hands here and they have oat milk. Also spotted some yummy looking items in the refrigerated display case.
Awesome decor which I feel definitely carries over from the Ace hotel. 
Plenty of space to hang out and relax.Still one of my favorite coffee shops to have my weekend coffee! My wife and I come here literally every Saturday morning. The baristas are such amazing friendly people, couldn't imagine enjoying coffee at any other place in Nola.Just wanted to thank the awesome staff for a great experience and amazing coffee drinks while our family was in town. We visited for a couple weeks and went in nearly 15 times, and each time the drinks were top notch and the staff were friendly and skilled at what they do. Makes me sad to leave New Orleans...you saved us daily on our vacation, thank you!Really good coffee really nice environment. Love the low key vibe of this place. I love coffee and this place has some really good coffee I had a vanilla iced latte to play it safe and I'm really pleasantly pleased. Too bad I leave today otherwise I'm sure I would be coming back.