Awesome place the food is good and the strawberry lemonade is on point.. i am impress.. that creole beignet tho... wow.. im get with the owner because they have a new location and its open now...OMG! Good food and Great Beignets!! We are officially stuph'd! And will definitely be back!!!!I got the Stuph'd Sweet Potato Beignets along with the Bacon Cheese Burger served with fries! Unfortunately, I can't comment on the service because my food was ordered through Uber eats, but y'all the food is just outta this world good!! Burger was packed with flavor and so juicy. And that traditional beignet is a non-factor for me now after eating that sweet potato beignet....This place gets 10s across the board from me!! Try them, I can guarantee you will be satisfied!!I absolutely love this place! I was looking for authentic food, no chain or mass produced. Let me say this beignets are made fresh to order.
Let me start with the customer service. Dionne was the sweetest and most personable. She made us feel at home and not like tourist. Her smile and laughter lit up the place! She was super knowledgeable of their menu and took the time to answer all questions. 
OMG the creole queen beignet was soooo good! I added onions and peppers to mine and also order 2 without. I unfortunately ate 2 before we got out of the parking lot. Mind you I bought them for a late night snack. I walked through the door of our Air bnb and smashed the last two  beignets and felt sad that I had no more. 
I will be back when I return to NOLA and this will be my first stop! Thanks again to Dionne and her uncle who made our beignets!Amazing! I love the burgers and the beignets. The cheese is inside the burger patty. So delicious. The beignets have various fillings both sweet and savory. So far everything I've tasted has been excellent.My first experience with crawfish - and these kind folks set the bar so high, I'm afraid to try it anywhere else. The creole crawfish beignets had the most delicious seasonings and flavor, the beignet "crust" "shell" (I'm a beignet newb too) was just the right amount of crispy, and tender. Plus there are a ton of options / combinations to make any discerning foodie weak in the knees. Don't get me started on the fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade... wow
Two generations cooking up love in the kitchen makes this is a must check out spot for locals and tourists (like myself) - it's only a 10$ ride from the French Quarter - but well worth the sidetrack!
I'll be back to check out the Stuph'D burgers foooooor suuuuure!!OMG - this place is gettin it right.  We will come back here every time we are in New Orleans!!The wait was tooo long over an hour..orders were forgot...and just missed work ....needed to eat so stayed...I got order and needed my lemonade..she made one prior that belonged to someone else and wanted to give me that one but I told her I needed fresh..
That's only fair...no compensation for our wait and no extra drinks or anything and the beignet tasted very fushy..crawfish was extremely fishy....not with the wait :-(Highly recommend if you're looking for a good mom and pop shop! They don't skimp out on the seafood! Try it all!If you want a taste of NOLA this little beignet joint is the spot to be.  The beignets are amazing!  My favorite is the sweet potato pie stuffed beignet!!  It's like heaven in your mouth and love on your hips!
Location is convenient to downtown and it is a quaint little mom and pop shop.  Staff are friendly and provide that "I'm at home with friends" kind of service.
MAKE THIS A MUST!!!!omg i could eat anywhere in the world but i love to eat at stuph'd. the customer service is so good that i eat there ever time i come to nola. they have the best beignets served to oder, i have had at least 6 defferent kinds that keep me coming back for more. i also suggest ever one try the strawberry lemonade!They have been out of pepperoni for the pepperoni and cheese beignet for over THREE MONTHS!!!!! I mean come on freaking pepperoni. It's business which means if it's on the menu then make sure you have it for the customer. Three months is no excuse. I'm done.Yes, just yes !!! I am visiting New Orleans from San Fran and decided to try this place out after seeing the Creole Queen on the pic. Coming from S.F, I had high expectations and boy did they deliver !!! We got the Creole Queen Beignet and the Seafood Platter Friday special to share. My husband doesn't really like seafood but he LOVED everything about this meal. Especially the crawfish stuffed backed potato. My fav was def the creole queen. They are not cheap with the portions. Everything was PACKED and super flavorful ! The chef and creator of the menu was super super nice. The young man who took our order was super helpful and attentive. I can't wait to go back!The next time I need a hand sized fried pocket of heaven, I'm going to be back. 
Tried the Creole Queen and I can definitely say that it is a winner. Holy mother of crab and crawfish. I only ate one because they are filling and eating the second one would have caused me to fall asleep and dream sweet beignet dreams at work. If you're looking to have a small meal, get an order of Creole Queen and an order of the strawberry filled and share with someone or take the rest home and hide it deep in the back of the refrigerator. I promise you will want the rest of it later. 
I will definitely be back to try more things on their menu as they are located danger close to work.The the Turkey burger was good and the hot sausage sandwich as well. The strawberry lemonade and Arnold Palmer too. Venue is nice size and has outside seating in the back. Also, has stuff beignets with food and desert options.I absolutely love this place! I was looking for authentic food, no chain or mass produced. Let me say that the beignets are made fresh to order.
Let me start with the customer service. Dionne was the sweetest and most personable. She made us feel at home and not like tourist. Her smile and laughter lit up the place! She was super knowledgeable of their menu and took the time to answer all questions. 
OMG the creole queen beignet was soooo good! I added onions and peppers to mine and also order 2 without. I unfortunately ate 2 before we got out of the parking lot. Mind you I bought them for a late night snack. I walked through the door of our Air bnb and smashed the last two  beignets and felt sad that I had no more. 
I will be back when I return to NOLA and this will be my first stop! Thanks again to Dionne and her uncle who made our beThe foodis so amazing and the customer service is great. By far my new favorite restaurant! Coming all the way from Cali.The beignets!  OMG! They are so good and large. Only get one order (they come 2 per order). The creole queen and the shrimp beignets were ordered along with sweet potato and Oreo #foodcoma. So good. Come by and try them out. They are not to be missed.I'm gonna get fat y'all, this place is amazing!! 
So far my family and I have tried the savory Philly Cheese Steak Stuph'D beignets and the Grilled Shrimp Stuph'D beignets. We have tried the sweet Apple Stuph'D beignets and the Strawberry Stuph'D beignets. Also, we ordered traditional beignets because our brother was in town and he had never had them. The traditional were just ok to me, but everything else was SO good that I keep raving about it to all my friends and fam! 
I seriously can't wait to try all the other flavors of beignets and the Stuph'D burgers. Even the Strawberry Lemonade is tasty. The staff is friendly and the waiting/dining area is cozy. 
If you like to try new things, are in the area, or just hungry....trust me...get Stuph'D!I was super excited about the new location as it is much closer to my home. Popped in on opening day, but they were sold out. Visited again on day two and, though I was able to get my food, I left completely unnerved and convinced I probably contracted covid-19.* Though most of the customers were masked/waiting to pick up, like myself, there were also people dining IN--i.e., no masks. To compound this circumstance, there is an intense air conditioning/fan situation that is AGGRESSIVELY recirculating the air. Orders take a good 25 to 30 minutes to fill, and you have to be inside to hear your name called to pick up. It was a long, unsettling wait in closed quarters with unmasked people. I recommend a buzzer or even text message system to allow (or even encourage) people to wait off the premises. The food here is terrific, but at what price?? 
*Context: At the time of this writing, Louisiana was experiencing a renewed surge in coronavirus cases. As a result, bars were ordered closed for on-premises consumption and masks were mandated in businesses and other public areas.I visited Stuph'D two weeks ago with my parents. We shared the garlic Parmesan wings, the creole queen and the Philly cheesesteak. Everything was good and the workers were nice.First time customer...these are hand down the best beignets I have ever had!
 I had the strawberry beignets (2) with was generously filled with strawberries! Omg and the beignets itself was crispy on the outside and soft inside. My face looked like a clown when I was done but I don't care...IT WAS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUSReally tasty! Have had a stuffed burger and it was fantastic: perfectly fine and we'll filled.. ready great. I know I will eat many more.
However, th stuffed benieghs are incredible!!!!!
Have had the crawfish, roast beef, BBQ, steak and cheese bacon egg and cheese, steak egg and cheese. 
Every one if them beyond great.
Flower portions. I'm an average size guy and I have yet to eat more than one in a sitting. 
Since you get 2 in an order, I'm set for 2 lunches! Good deal.
You have to try it! Really!!They moved so dontt follow these directions. Anyways, pretty good and filling. Tried the creole queen and Philly. Both were good both a tad salty though. Cucumber berry lemonade really good and not overly sweet which is nice. Tried the burger which is big but was just ok. Maybe the stuffed ones are better. Had the beignets which were good just too dense for my liking. Still enjoyed it.Service is a fabulous!! The food is amazing! The creole queen beignet steals the show every time for me! I've been several times & each time I bring a friend, or two, or three. Everyone loves the food! We each try different beignets so we can get a taste of different ones. The Oreo & sweet potato dessert beignets are impeccable! I highly recommended!!Sad to say that this place moved location and downgraded in location service and quality. We had been to the old location many times and raved about about wonderful they were. Today we waited over an hour and while there is a sign posted on the door saying "we are not fast food we make to quality" we were never given an estimate time. We placed an order in a small space at a table at the front door then were told they would call us. After waiting outside for an hour we went to check on our order and were told we would have it in a few minutes. About 10 minutes later we did, $45 and 70 minutes later our order was wrong and cold.Will be back many times to this family owned, family run amazing restaurant!!! Everything is homemade including the amazing cucumber lemonade (to die for!). The owner gave us recs and everything was mouthwatering.. made myself too stuh'd  we got the creole queen (pictured), philly cheese steak with tomatoes, pickles, & mayo (so sad I didn't get a pic) and Oreos!!! A++++I absolutely love this place. I love the vibe, I love the people and i love the food. I've been back in NOLA two weeks and I've eaten here four times lol. Friendly service... I would recommend patience as this isn't fast food. The delay is because they are meticulous in their preparation and the food definitely shows it. Trust me it's worth it!!!!! Folks from out of town who don't get out of The Quarter, I'd recommend an Uber or Lyft for this experience.A different and delicious beignet experience. Definitely try the Creole Queen which is a combination of shrimp, crawfish and crabmeat. And the pecan pie beignets are to die for! Will definitely go back to try the others.This is the absolute best burgers and beignets I've ever tasted in my life. The burger stuffed with mushrooms and swiss was absolutely divine! The meat was moist and cooked perfectly. The veggies were fresh and bun soft. The philly cheese steak and apple filled beignets were the perfect cherry on top. I'll be back tomorrow. LOLThis was my first time stopping in and it won't be my last. The bacon and cheese stuffed burger and  Creole Queen were both delicious. One of the best burgers I've had in awhile. The Creole Queen beignet was so good I had to bring one home.I can't stress enough how delicious all of the food here is. This is my second visit, and also probably the start of a beautiful foodie affair between me and this place.
First, I had the bacon and cheese stuffed burger, and it did not disappoint. It was thick and flavorful, and had just the right proportion of beef to bacon to cheese. The side of fries were fresh and perfectly seasoned.
Then came the crowning glory of the meal: the crawfish beignets. Freshly fried, piping hot, flaky, and golden. It is almost beyond stuffed with the crawfish and cheese filling. Other restaurants that have tried their hand at savory beignets typically offer an appetizer of bite-sized, barefoot-full morsels. The crawfish beignets here though MORE than enough for a meal.
My only criticism was waiting a pretty significant amount of time after ordering (roughly 45 minutes or so). However, it was the heart of a Friday lunch rush, and the staff is small, clearly selective in only allowing people back there that can truly pour their heart into the food.
Final note: the woman at the counter made me (and everyone I saw her talk to) feel like family, so forget about the wait, and just come hang out. Trust, your taste buds will thank you.Stuph'd was ok. I ordered via uber eats while at work (literally 0.5 miles down the road) and it took about 45 minutes to get my food. I ordered the "surph and turph" and it was just okay. Nothing to write home about, unfortunately. I was expecting more. Apparently other items are much better, so I'll give it another try.Everything was amazing! I got the Creole Queen beignet stuffed with crawfish, crab, and shrimp. And the Oreo stuffed beignet. It was fried well and very flavorful. Also, the customer service was 5 stars as well. Our server, D, was so nice and made us feel like family. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town!So, I read an article about this joint, and have been obsessed with the hot sausage and American cheese beignets. They did not disappoint!! Hot and delicious!  Not overly greasy. Just so so freaking good!!!  The family that owns the place are all so so nice!!  So easy going!  Just a great experience, over all. I will certainly be back, and highly recommendThe place is phenomenal! The food is too die for! There is so many options to choose from. I didn't even know beignets are made with something other than powdered sugar. But, they have sweets as well!Firstly, very friendly people. My first experience here, they were very slow. Painfully slow. However, they'd had some emergency staffing situation and it was lunch rush. I took a while to return. When I did return, it was infinitely better time wise. Still same friendly service but this time also in a timely manner. Kudos to them on correcting that.
Now on to the food! The Creole Queen is this creamy seafood decadence. Amazingness in every bite. Order it! You're welcome
On a subsequent visit I had the surf and terf. It was also good, tho I'd definitely choose the creole Queen over it. 
I also had apple beignets. They were ok. Kinda wish I'd tried a different flavor. It wasn't bad. Just not as apple pie as I was expecting. 
Cucumber strawberry lemonade is a must!!!!!I just love getting Stuph'd!
Last Sunday I stopped by this restaurant and felt much like name! Stuph'd creates deliciously stuffed beignets and burgers that are to die for. I wanted a taste of both sweet and savory, although I preferred the savory beignets for sure. Each order comes with two beignets that are very nicely sized.
I went with the Creole Queen which is stuffed with crawfish, lump crab meat and a delicious cream sauce. If you're a fan of Creole flavors, I definitely recommend trying it! It was flavorful, super filling and came out piping hot and fresh. All of Stuph'd beignets seem to be made to order, so you can taste the hot and fresh flavors as soon as you take that very first bite. Believe me, the wait is worth it, even though I didn't wait too long at all! And I happened to dine-in. Stuph'd also does pick-up, which seems to be a popular way to order based on the frequent customers I saw coming in. Listen, Stuph'd has fans!
I also got two orders of sweet beignets: Brownie with walnuts and Oreo. The Oreo was topped with sweet powdered sugar, which added a traditional beignet feel to this innovative dessert. Stuph'd also has a few adult beverages on the menu, so I grabbed a Poinsettia. If you prefer something a bit more refreshing with no alcohol, their lemonade is so crisp! Some of the best I've had in a while.
Needless to say, the beignets were delicious and drinks were refreshing, but the service was the best part of my dining experience. The owner and staff were so hospitable and nice. I left with a great experience. Can't wait to revisit!$9.00 for 2 nice size Crawfish Beignet. I recommend ordering this as a meal if you are not sharing with 1 or 2 people. Great taste,a ton of crawfish,tomatoes, my only problem I would recommend a thicker sauce or cheese; because the sauce was very loose and messy or a dipping sauce would go great together. I, normally would complaint about getting just 2 piece for the price of $9.00. But this item really is worth $9.00....not saucy or cheesy at all...very salty...not like the first time I had them...very disappointed and on this visit to the restaurant I had recommended them to a family member and they decided to order to try for the first time...so much for first impressions.I fell in love with this place! The food is DELICIOUS!! I had the first day the Creole Queen. This beignet was beyond delicious. The beignet was not just a beignet with stuff thrown on top nor was it doughy with the attempt to get you just full on dough. This was a total surprise from others. It was STUPH'D with an abundance of happiness for my mouth. I could see and taste the seafood, it was not hidden in heavy cream for you to guess if it was there. Perfectly seasoned and plentiful. I got the stawberry beignet to take home and yes it did not disappoint either. Yes, I did go back the next day (I forgot my atm card) but I couldn't ignor my tastebuds telling me I wanted more. This time the Philly cheese steak was calling my name and it didn't disappoint either! Dee and her Mom are my new family! Best people ever!!Best savory beignet I've ever had. Try the creole queen. 
Catfish fries are also amazing. Crisp fries with catfish gumbo.Ummm yes! This spot is amazing. The beignets are HUGE! They come out piping hot, packed with ingredients and so tasty! The service was amazing, they constantly checked on us, they had free refills and the cucumber lemonade is so good! We will be back for sureThis was absolutely delicious. There was a bit of a wait near closing time but it was so worth it. I got the steak and cheese along with the praline cheesecake. As I'm typing this, I think I'll head on over there now for another round. Delicious!The food is way too expensive for what they serve. The presentation was okay, but I rather not spend that much money on two orders of beignets. "comme ci comme ça"Good mom and pop restaurant. I usually order to go. Great stuffed burgers ( the bacon and cheese  and strawberry lemonade. Love supporting independent restaurants with great attitudes, service, and products.UPDATE: I have been at least two more times since my original post, and I can say with absolute certainty that the food is both filling and creative (my most recent try, the shrimp-stuffed burger, redefined surf but turf) and service (again, I can't stress enough the cozy and familiar family vibe) is consistently top-notch. If you haven't been and are currently looking for a meal, put down your phone, because you've officially stumbled across the jackpot! One of these days, I'll remember to slow down long enough to take pictures of the incredible fare, but it's just so hard not to dig in!I've now visited Stuph'd Beignets & Burgers twice. The food is consistently delicious and they make you feel like family. Today they gave my son a birthday oreo beignet and sang happy birthday to him.  Definitely get the creole queen beignet, 2 comes to an order but you won't have room for dessert if you eat both. My husband also enjoyed the philly cheesesteak. The oreo and cheesecake beignets were both great sweets after indulging in the savory dishes. We left there "stuph'd." It's a small family run restaurant so patience is required but worth the wait!I had the Creole Queen and my husband had the BBQ Beeph...OMG!!! Both of them were AMAZING!!! Great customer service as well! Definitely going to try the other ones when we visit again. You get 2 really big overstuffed beignets, could only eat one and nibble on a few of my daughters fries! Can't wait to try the others!This little gem was a wonderful choice! I was looking on Yelp for the best burgers in town and this was on the list. I opted for the creole queen beignet combo with fries. The creole queen comes with two super stuffed beignets - it was a perfect medley of shrimp, crab meat and crawfish. Omg. My food was so fresh and delicious! I am pretty petite so I was able to eat the plate for lunch and dinner . It tasted amazing after being rewarmed in the oven. I also purchased the strawberry lemonade which was homemade and delicious, not too sweet. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. I recommend trying this place if you want something delicious and uncommon.We visited for the first time today and the food and customer service were both amazing. We had the creole queen, strawberry, sweet potato, and regular beignets and they were all absolutely amazing. The creole queen is worth the price of admission! The sweet potato was a close second. I'm not so sad about Morning Call closing in nearby City Park anymore because I'll be taking my kids here from now on for their beignet fix. The venue is also nice and quaint, with a relaxing courtyard out back. I almost forgot to add- my husband tried one of their stuffed burgers (burger stuffed with hot sausage) and he loved it. We will definitely be back.Great place a bit far from the touristy area. There were seatings indoors and outdoors. Staff were amazingly kind. 
We ordered the creole queen and surf n turf stuffed beignets. They came in two's! Both were good but it was very salty especially the creole queen. They were very filling though. I could only finish almost one beignet and was full already. 
Overall, experience was good. If in the area again, will probably try other ones!Been trying to get to this place for a few weeks, but the timing never worked out. Wife and I made a point to travel to St. Claude on a Saturday and were we THRILLED that we did. Called in the order when we left our home in Metairie and it timed out perfectly as we pulled up to collect the fresh food. I got pepperoni and hot-sausage beignets and I can honestly say I've never eaten anything like this. I assumed the pepperoni version would be similar to a calzone, but it was SO MUCH BETTER than any calzone I've ever had. The bread is the defining factor here - very doughy but without being too breakfast-y. Plus, it's PACKED with pepperoni and cheese - seriously, no space wasted. Comes with marinara for dipping. Hot sausage may have been even better. It's a minced meat of sorts with the incredibly-innovative addition of CHEESE. Again, assumed this would be similar to something I've had before (a meat pie), but it was WAY better. Cannot wait to go back and try all the options and maybe build my own.OMG. My new favorite place to go in NOLA. They are so welcoming that it makes you feel like you're eating at family's house. They serve the best burger I have ever eaten (not pictured). It is not a beignet.  I don't usually eat a lot of meat. It was so perfectly seasoned. We also got the seafood stuffed beignet and a dessert beignet. The homemade drinks were so good.This place is incredible. An absolute must stop while in New Orleans. Staff is incredible welcoming and friendly and the food is delicious. We ordered the creole crawfish stuffed beignets with a side of French fries and they were incredible. Flavor of the creole crawfish stuffing was incredible. Beignet texture was fantastic. We also ordered the Oreo stuffed beignets to go which were also incredible. Kind of like a fried Oreo but with a lot more Oreo.This is a family owned restaurant 
You can see the love and care  throughout the restaurants from the decor to the loving smiles when you walk in. 
The food is stellar and the owner / head chef is not only talented -beautiful and awesome . But she is not afraid to talk to you and make sure you are enjoying the food . She even talked to my mom through FaceTime. 
The food was fresh- the Food was tasty ! You can taste the best of  New Orleans  in every bite . 
This food brought a smile to my face. 
I ordered ordered the Creole queen- perfect!
My wife had shrimp with crab meat- perfect!
And the cheese cake beignets - perfect
My wife and I are amateur food bloggers who only blog about our vacation meals . Now -What I'm about to say I stand behind and will argue with anyone who disagrees . 
These are the best Beignets I have ever tasted- stuffed or not.  Cafe Du Monde needs to retire and give up their location because their beignets are stale and needs to be sold as bird food .  Seriously , you can throw a cafe du monde beignet and hurt somebody !!
The only thing holding Stuph'd  back is there location. You have to travel a bit but it's worth the drive .  I blame this on gentrification which New Orleans needs to fix . They really need to put black businesses back where they belong in French Quarter .
Also as a professional artist - I really enjoyed the attention to detail - the owner really cares about her work, 
Christopher Williams 
Nakeyshia Williams 
Ig @cdubbandkey
Theblackdavinci.comSavory beignets!   What a wonderful concept!  They are stuffed full and SO fat.  I had a Philly cheesesteak that was delicious and my Mom had a creole queen that had a wonderful flavor. We splurged and got a praline cheesecake beignet. 
Everything is made fresh when you order so this this is not a " fast for your lunch break" kind of place. It is a leisurely lunch place with a beautiful back patio.  Be forewarned, I waited almost an hour for my food but I wasn't in a hurry and I enjoyed my fresh lemonade while I waited.So. Freakin. Good. No complaints these beignets are incredible. 10 out of 5 stars the Oreo cheesecake was knock your socks off goodAmazing, astonishing,Admirable and anointed. Chile when I tell you everything about this place speaks volumes. The staff was friendly and greeted me immediately as I walked through the door. Hospitality at its best. Then I choose the hot sausage and creole Queen. The most important question is it PATTON's, the lady said everyone ask. Honey it is a NOLA MUST HAVE!!!!!
Then I drove home and ....................
The END!!!! DELICIOUSBest beignets in the city! From the Savory to the sweet. They are HUGE and perfectly priced. Black owned business and the ppl are so welcoming. STAY AWAY FROM CAFE DU MONDE it sucksThe best food ever! You should not miss this place if you are in town. Had the beignet with the crabmeat, shrimp and crawfish. My husband wanted to get it every day but they have limited days open too bad! 
Check this place out!The food used to be amazing but it definitely has fallen off and the service literally does not exist.  The service is a terrible look for this place. I ordered to-go. The "waitress" told me the wait maybe between 15-30 minutes. Ok, that's understandable even though they only had about 15 people in the entire restaurant, all of who already had their food. 
1 hour later the waitress walks over to me and says "oh I'm sorry. Have you been waiting this whole time? I forgot. I just looked out and saw you sitting there at the table and remembered your food." I ask how long has the food been ready? She says " oh it been ready..." Did she offer a complimentary anything you may be wondering... NO. Every time I visit New Orleans from Los Angeles I come to this place. That tradition is over. 
How can service literally be that trash and why were the beignets so thin and greasy?
Please get it together. Your hours of operation are already a recipe for going out of business as you have the most random hours and close when most 9-5ers get off work. Add terrible service to that and I give this place 2 more years in business if they don't find professionals quick. Don't hire anymore people that act like Bruh Man from the 5th floor please and please stop served food you've frozen and then reheated I'm the microwave. Yes, I watched the "chef" take the pre-made beignets out of the freezer which makes me question WHY DOES IT TAKE SO LONG TO GET YOUR FOOD?My family and I got take out and sampled the: creole queen, Philly steak, Buffalo wings, and the traditional sweet beignets. The beignets were all really tasty. The wings had a good flavor but the skin was soggy. Overall it was a good meal and I would go back to try more! As a bonus, the people were incredibly friendly.I was excited about coming here! My friend from out of town said it was great (she went while I was at work). A few weeks after I had another friend in town I thought this would be a good place to go. Service was nice typical New Orleans charm. I ordered the wings and my friend ordered a hamburger  plus drinks about $40 for both of us. I enjoyed the lil sample of the hot sausage beignet that came with my wings. The wings would've been the bomb if they were cooked! I mean bloody like needed another 10 mins to cook. We were seated outside and a worker who seemed to be getting off asked if everything was okay. I told her no my wings were cooked. She first said that the wing were cooked, I said no they are not! She was like well we could recook them!? Ummm no I don't want these recooked! She was like well I could get you some new ones...At this point I'm over her, the wings and this place. I said no I don't want anything else. I wouldn't say not go just make sure your food is cooked before you start eating. I won't be returning but that's just me. I think my friend said the burger was okay.Came a 2nd time around and this place seems to not disappoint, great staff, great food, and this time I tried the philly cheese steak beignet and all i can say is wow, I'm have to come back for a 3rd time because the food options just amaze me, Cucumber Lemonade is a must as well, I was very impressed on this lemonade option. Keep it up guys!!! 2 thumbs are definitely up!!!The best kept secret in Gentilly! This place is everything you want and more! They take a New Orleans favorite and stuff it with delicious selections from grilled shrimp to their Creole Queen beignets stuffed with crabmeat, crawfish, shrimp and crawfish sauce...phenomenal!! They don't stop there! You can get sweet stuffed beignets as well...the pecan pie and the Oreo are my personal favorites. Imagine a perfectly cooked beignet stuffed with the perfect pecan pie filling. Literally what dreams are made of! If you haven't tried this place then what are you waiting for?! *COVID-19 note: They are open for pick up and you can call ahead* #yelplove #nolayelpThe food here is awesome, not only because this is Duana, my niece/godchild's business, but because the beignets and burgers are perfectly Stuph'D, seasoned and cooked with love. The warm and friendly hospitality this restaurant offers, is well worth a visit alone. The ambience of the restaurant is befitting for any occasion or event, be it meetings, socials, family dining or just out for a bite. There's also outside dining, which is cozy and comfortable. 
Go to Stuph'D, chill with Duana's signature strawberry lemonade, and eat until you get Stuph'D. 
You can also purchase beautiful art pieces, created by the local artist of eyezartwork.
Oh! a major plus, there's happy hours with specials on beignets and drinks.
I WHOLEHEARTEDLY INVITE YOU TO GO DINE IN, AND GET STUPH'D!!Stuphd 
Many people that visit New Orleans and locals love beignets! Of course, most of us have tried the original fried beignet somewhere throughout the city, but have you ever tried a stuffed beignet? Well if not, I have just a place for you, Stuphd Beignets and Burgers @get_stuphd "Beignet, done that!"
 This amazing black-owned restaurant has an incredible menu filled with sweet or savory beignets and burgers! You can choose from any of their awesome options, or you can build your very own!
 As soon as you walk in, you are greeted, with pretty smiles and happy welcomes! The artwork throughout the restaurant is incredible. It's very colorful, fun, and personable. They were open to all of my questions and gave great suggestions!
 I ordered the "Surph and Turph", "Creole Queen" and the "Sweet Potato Pie" beignets. Each order comes with two. The Creole Queen was my favorite. It was filled with crawfish and crab meat and a flavorful Creole sauce. The sweet potato beignet was so yummy, definitely sweet and tasty, but a little soggy. The "Surph and Turph" was my least favorite. It was filled with beef and shrimp onions, peppers, mushrooms and cheese. I felt like it was missing some sort of dipping sauce because it was a little dry.
 Finally, their Homemade Berry Lemonade was so fresh and flavorful. However, I was disappointed on the more than 30 minute wait.Sooooo good, first stop in New Orleans and it has set a tone!!! Came with my crew of 12 people and we were welcomed warmly! The owner is super personable and made sure that we were taken care of! I had the beignets and it was absolutely delicious. Served very warm and with a mountain of sugar. Left very very happy!!!The worse customer service. Tried ordering from them twice and the customer service was so horrible that I ended up getting NOTHING. Reached out to them via social media and the only resolution from them was to try again. NEVER. I tried twice already.Delicious! I had the grilled shrimp, hot sausage, & sweet potato pie beignets; all great! Service was great.  The location is ideal; looking forward to my next visit!This place popped about 1 year ago the hours are 9am to 5 pm most day and I am always at work. I finally had a day off and was able to try their stuffed beignets.  What a flavor bomb, it was a great idea to put meat vegetables or dessert inside a beignet. I enjoyed the steak and cheese and added hot sausage. I also ordered the pecan pie beignets these had a the classic pecan  pie flavor,  I enjoyed it a lot. They were out of strawberry so that must be a favorite flavor. Just a note each order is 2 beignets and one is pretty filling.  This is fresh made to order. You will wait about 10-15 minutes, but you can have a beer or cocktail while you wait. You pick a base flavor beignets and you can add or subtract ingredients. I really liked this food and the idea behind it. They also have regular burgers. #thankyouthursdayOne of my favorite places in New Orleans!! #amust
Staff is great and the food is even better!I can not get enough of this place ! It's becoming a once a week thing . I love the food, customer service and the strawberry lemonade . Very clean establishment and friendly people . My only thing is I wished they stayed open later so I can get it whenever I want it . My go it would be the creole queen ( can't miss with that one ) . Also they have really good wings .First time customer...these are hand down the best beignets I have ever had!
 I had the strawberry beignets (2) with was generously filled with strawberries! Omg and the beignets itself was crispy in the outside and soft inside. My face looked like a clown when I was done but I don't care...IT WAS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!Don't waste your time standing in line at those other Beignet places.  This is where it's at!Absolutely stellar. My team and I were blown away by the inviting atmosphere, charming staff, and most importantly, delicious food. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and could not have been more pleased. This is a new spot, but one you should visit before there's a line down the block a year from now.Ordered the beignets and it was not what I expected I ordered the traditional and they were hard and not fluffyCame here late evening on a Wednesday. There were no other customers and I was immediately greeted when l walked through the door. I ordered at the counter, chose the creole queen beignets and an order of the oreo beignets. I was looking for a diet soda drink but they didn't have any so they offered me water. I was told there were more tables in the back and out back in the patio area. I chose to sit in the front. The decor was nice and cozy. The creole queen beignets came to the table piping hot and fresh with a sheen them. My first bite into them and the were amazing! They were very decadent with a savory cajun buttery sauce and the crawfish, shrimp and crab filling was satisfying. This was my first time have a savory stuffed beignet and it was amazing. I raved about it so much to my server Ellen. I probably could have eaten two more orders of the creole queen but then the Oreo beignets came out. These too were also hot and dusted with a generous amount of powdered sugar. The oreo filling was good but could have been better. It was basically mashed up oreos and the filling was a bit dense. Overall a very good experience and the best thing was the creole queen beignets. They also offer other fillings and you can choose your own. I was told they have Friday specials so I will be back for that! Thanks again to Ellen and D for y'alls service and hospitality!The crew here is so personable! It feels like you're part of the family and the food is amazing!! I've tried the Surf & Turf, Philly, Steak egg & cheese Beignets and they are all so delicious!! This is a MUST HAVE every time I am in New Orleans, there's nothing like it!!