What a great local spot! Drinks, food, server and ambiance were very nice. You could tell everything takes a little longer to make because it's from scratch.... well worth the wait.Seriously cool artisanal food. Find your way there or your culinary life will be all the poorer. Just  saying. Wish I lived in NOLA just for that.My friend and I happened on this place while walking my dog through the neighborhood. They had 1 outdoor table so we decided to sit. We were lingering and sitting for several minutes before anyone came out - we were actually wondering if they were even open on a Saturday afternoon because it is a very dark looking place. The waitress finally came out. We had been lured in by the menu spread open on said sidewalk table - specifically, the coconut hush puppies and mezze plate. I also wanted coffee. Unfortunately, they were only serving their brunch menu which included neither of those things. It, in fact, consisted only of 1 page of entreés, no small plates and nothing really sharable. Oh yes, and it would be a 20 minute wait for coffee "because they use a percolator". Luckily, Gosling's was on the drink menu, which had several interesting N/A beverage options, to my delight. I ordered one of those, a white/green tea blend, my companion got a cherry lemonade and the vegetarian breakfast burrito with black beans sans avocado. Despite the rough start, the meal was yummy - I loved the cilantro mashed potatoes inside the burrito but found the Honduran cheese to be a little overly creamy for my palate (I'm not a big cheese person). I would like to go back to eat the dinner menu items I had picked out first. Will give it another shot since it's within walking distance although not overly enthusiastic about this spot.Still talking about their jambalaya. Best my buddy and I had ever had. No joke. I don't take saying "the best" lightly. Even now I'm salivating thinking about it.
I'll definitely go back for it. 
The Oxtail nachos with roasted oyster mushrooms and gouda bechamal were also really great.
The interior was a little kitschy for my taste, the fake fireplace things in the booths. Most synthetic plasticky things really turn me off. I also sat against the window and couldn't quite find a comfortable pocket to center myself.
Server lady was really sweet.
We went on a saturday during jazz fest and though the bywater could be considered a bit off the beaten path, i was rather surprised they weren't slammed.
that jambalaya though. hot damn. It's the best thing I ate all week, better than my cochon butcher sandwich, better than that legit poboy, ...and when I come back to town, I'll be back for it. with an extra order to go. for real. nom nom nom.Fantastic food made from the freshest, largely local, ingredients. The menu changes all the time. I've had fantastic ravioli, manicotti, and dumplings. They also make creative, killer cocktails. The decor is very fun and creative and the service personable and warm. And they're open late nights-- a rare and welcome divergence from the traditional restaurant culture here.Food: OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD, Staff: PRETENTIOUS AND INATTENTIVE
I don't think my wife and I fit the demographic this place is going for. We are not thirty something hipsters who learned about the place from their thirty something hipster friends. And were certainly weren't one of the small crowd sitting at the bar being entertained by the staff. We were scorned when we asked about reserving a table, yet they thought they could work us in, and once we showed up for dinner we had a choice of 4 empty tables. The restaurant was never more than half full the two hours were were there. Once we were seated we were practically ignored and usually had to go to the bar or grab someone as they went by to get service. 
OK, the food. We ordered a salad and a pickled plate, both were great. Since it was the day before my wife's birthday and our last night visiting New Orleans, we went for the Wagyu beef tenderloin. I would have never imagined paying $67 for a 5 oz. piece of meat, but we did and shared it. We're from Iowa so we've had good beef. We never knew something this good existed. It was cooked perfectly and came with a choice of dipping sauces, we chose the horseradish sauce. It was truly unbelievable. Our dessert was good but not memorable. 
For an establishment where you can walk out the door with a $135 bill, the service should be good if not excellent. The waitress seemed remorseful and embarrassed when we shared our experience. Maybe this will spur her to strive for mediocrity which would be an improvement. We're going to look for other restaurants that serve Wagyu.Delicious brunch....mimosas, strawberry lemon aid vodka, burrito and eggs Bahia. 
Yummmmyummy food with a menu that changes to feature fresh food. We only went for dinner and had duck and a fish dish. The portions were small for what we thought the prices were. The ginger drinks were good, but not as gingery as we like (i.e. we enjoy really strong ginger drinks with a good kick). 
The decor is fun and cheeky, very much a representation of what the Bywater offers. The location is small so not good for larger groups. It is accessible as the entire spot is on one floor. We didn't use the restrooms so not sure if those are accessible.Visiting New Orleans again after several years, and wanted to visit the Bywater section of the city again. I was glad that I found this fine place again. It was taco night so had a great time with a few friends, and the owners were there. They were very friendly and nice. Good to be away of the craziness of downtown.My darling & I stumbled upon this intriguing new spot last night on our way to dinner in the bywater. We popped in for a quick drink and found the place packed on what we found out was opening night. We grabbed our drinks at the bar and chatted with a group of friends who were waiting on their dinner. I perused the menu and while it is limited, it offer an assortment of fresh, local dishes. Everything coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled delicious. The space is small, dimly lit and modern (reminded me a bit of Bar Tonique - which I love). We'll surely be back for dinner or brunch soon at which point I hope to give the place 5 stars.  Check their website for hours.Id say get the oysters and corn cake it was killer, But The menu changes as they get different ingredients. 
The food we had was outstanding and they mix drinks are super yummy. I had a chili margarita and my fiancé had the regular margarita. Both were spot on great drinks. 
The staff was awesome, and the piano player was really good.I almost hate to say how much I like the place because it's not usually crowded and I want it to stay that way.  The best thing is, they change the menu to showcase seasonal produce and just because I think the chef likes to be creative.  I don't go for taco night or brunch so I don't know about that, but dinner is always an adventure.  Small plates are good, sharing a lot of stuff is also good.  Have had good drinks too, good raviolis, weird stuff.  Just quirky and tasty, nice casual atmosphere.  I think it's never going to be everybody's taste so that's good for me, I love that I can walk there too.I absolutely love Suis Generis. I have been three times and I have had three different, amazing dishes. The food is extremely fresh and I love the variety they offer on their menu. The portions are sizable as well, so I feel like the food is well worth the price. While Maurepas is great, I find myself craving Suis Generis...Eclectic but robust menu. A little off the beaten path but we started here and worked our way toward Bourbon street. They aren't playin when it comes to the Bloody Mary!  Perfect way to get started. Fresh, creative dishes. Prices are great for the quality of food!  Coconut pancakes were rich but still fluffy. My Sakshuka was superb!  So much flavor. My son had the daily special. Hash of carrots, sweet potato and poblano with poached eggs and hot sage sausage. Great portion and really good.Love the enviro, badass vibe in there. We went on Thursday, which, is 'taco night'. The  vast selection of choices meats and non-meats (non!) were appreciated. I wanted to order off the 'normal' menu, but was told, only the 'taco' menu was in use this night. I do think its cool of them to do this, but there were a few things I REALLY wanted to try off the 'normal' menu. We ordered some chips 'n salsa, and some guac. Guac was great, salsa was good, more of a pico, however, and this seemed to be a bit of a theme, the place needs to use bigger ramekins. We had to order 2 refills of salsa due to the TINY vessel we were given. Lame. Secondly, please, for the love of god, MAKE YOUR OWN CHIPS!. I was almost sure, they were using $2 "Santinas" chips. This, is not acceptable. My sisters veg burrito was grilled, and good, my fish tacos, were indeed bland right off the bat, however with the 2 potato taquitos I ordered (average), there was some great chimichurri, which, of course, I had to ask for more of, twice, and I used it to spice up my tacos The only issue I see going forward, was 'weak' AC, this coming summer, this MAY be a real issue. There was fans, but, really, who wants fans. We'll go back, but, it better be chilly in there!Go for the cheesecake- probably the most incredible experience with food i can recall in my immediate history.A neighborhood place. The decor is simple and clean. They have a small menu with some interesting eclectic items. 
There were four of us there for breakfast. The cocktails were so-so. And the food was uneven - I had the Shakshuka: poached eggs with tomatoes and feta, pita and wilted spinach. Neither the lamb nor the corned beef hash were very good. I'd probably visit again if I lived in the neighborhood to try some other dishes. 
Service was friendly and warm.Absolutely love this place! It's across the street from my work, so I frequent Suis. The menu is ever changing and always on point. The booze is reasonably priced with a delicious wine selection. I wish they were open right now because that's where I'd be!Nice atmosphere but um $15 for 6 ravioli- nothing else on the plate???? 
Im serious: NOTHING ELSE PROVIDED.
No salad no side
Then asked for bread and ACTUALLY GOT BURNED TOAST????
Are you kidding???
Nothing more to say.Cute place...good food and drinks.  We went on a very quiet night and sat at the bar.  The waitress was one of the best waitresses I've had EVER!  She was funny and personable.  The food was pretty good also.  We tried the crab appetizer which was well put together.  Definitely recommend this place.Killer fish and review-worthy steaks in a neighbourhood restaurant with a fancy hipster vibe.So disappointed!  We used to love this funky and fun late night spot- the drinks are still creative, the ambience is still homey and funky, but the food... oh what a downward turn.  It seems as if the kitchen had given up. The calamari was waaay overcooked. The steak dish was once a thick and velvety sauce of juniper and coffee, but this time it came out as a juniper and coffee dry rub with a bad flavor. And a side of plain grilled radicchio.  The fish dish had a decent flavor, but the side it came with was sautéed bok choy mixed with whole edamame, with hard shells that needed to be peeled.  Not a good combination!
We still like the waitress and bartender, the DJ is still great, but sadly we will no longer patronize Suis Generis. There are too many places to get great food.A tiny, fun place, with quirky decor (yes, look up, these are red Solo cups on the ceiling... and don't get me started on the deconstructed Barbie dolls) and very decent food. I've eaten there on a Thursday (which is a day of Mexican-inspired cuisine - I had a wonderful Burrito) and on a different day (regular menu). The salad with pickled red beets is heavenly. Good drinks, too.We were so delighted to find this great restaurant. Humorous artsy decor and cheap yet great house wine from Slovenia qualify this spot as bohemian.  The menu is yummy, the food excellently crafted, the service fabulous. We already made plans to go back this week for brunch.just WOW food was phenomenal ambiance was perfect I am a spoiled New Orleanian eater but this place made my short list for sure. I will be back!Small, cool, and very homemade vibe. Food is made with care and the Bloody Mary is absolutely the best I have had in NOLA.The restaurant's name translated means "Being the only example of its kind; constituting a class of its own; unique."  
It was gallery night, and we stopped in for appetizers before heading to Maurepas, which is right down the street.  Everything was very fresh and good- we all just shared a salad and the ravioli because we were on the waiting list for Maurepas.  Very cool and unique inside- the ceiling is covered in upside-down Solo cups, lots of odd lighting fixtures, and fun retro furniture.  It was packed, and it was opening night.  Despite this, the service was friendly and smooth.  One of the owners came over and chatted with us while we waited.  Just as the website says, he talked about how the menu would change constantly based on very fresh inventory.  Very good vibe in a neighborhood exploding with creativity.Seeing mixed reviews here & elsewhere, we decided to try this quirky ByWater eatery for ourselves.
Good ginger margarita.
Excellent charred ribeyes, served medium rare. Different sides.
We give three stars; and, will be back.There are many things that are great about this place. Taco night is not one of them. Their tacos are so awful that I decided to write my first yelp review to warn people of the horror and dissuade them from continuing their lazy attempt at taco night. Tacos are simple but there is much care that goes into their execution. If you're going to take a spin on tacos at least make them your own or flavorful. This seems like a lazy excuse for them not to cook. Their guac is weak and a very small portion. They use the same slaw for all their tacos which should be for a fish taco. Stick to what you're good at. Your taco game is weak.  Skip it and go to taco bellWe decided to eat here last night on a whim and curiosity, and boy am I glad we did! Over the past year or so, I've heard mixed reviews about the place, many of them quite negative and a few positive. I would say that based on what I read on Yelp from a year or so ago to the most current reviews, as well as my experience, that they have made many improvements. Fare included the Fabulous Mezze Plate, that consisted of a delicious assortment of volpi filzette salami; shitake mushroom pate; marinated & chargrilled peppers; firm & nutty spanish piave cheese, illchester port derby cheese caper berries and olives.
The watercress beet berry salad was at once tart and refreshing - organic watercress, pickled beets, strawberries, raspberries, with red wine vinaigrette & lemon mascarpone. The only preference I'd have had there would have been fresh beets instead of pickled.
I'm almost ashamed to admit that my favorite portion of the meal was the buta no kakuni - soy, ginger, sake marinated pork belly, pan sauteed & served with spring collard greens...THIS is why I could never be a strict vegetarian or vegan. Well, that and cheese. The drink menu was extensive, with a huge list of wines both by the bottle and glass, at reasonable prices, beers you won't find often in other places, exciting cocktails (I had the chili margarita which the waitress told me was made from an infusion of fresh chili peppers- it was so delicious and perfectly spicy that I wanted to yell across the room) as well as fresh organic juices, Mexican Coke, Barrilitos, etc...I didn't get to make it through the whole menu, which I was told changes on a regular basis. They also offer brunch which I can't wait to try out and Thursday nights are Taco nights! Fresh, local ingredients, great service, great food and wine coupled with a chic retro 70s inspired decor, as well as interesting and eclectic music made us want to stay there all night...and the bar and cozy little "champagne room" off to its side allows for just that. The only complaint that could be had was that it was difficult to tell if they were open from the darkness of the doors and the sign being partially obscured by a large plant. The server told us they were having some issues with some of the lights so that made sense. I suggested maybe putting a large "come in, we are open" sign on the door to help make the entrance more noticeable as it is a bit hidden behind security grills that line the windows and doors. Other than that, this was my favorite new dining out/drinks experience I've had in about six months. Oh, they do take credit cards and have an ATM machine. I will definitely be going back to Suis Generis on a regular basis. Go check this little gem of a place out, people!Really just meh for me, consistent with reviews I had received from friends but I wanted to check it out for myself. On taco night, the portions were meager for the price and tasted...I dunno...store bought? The service was kind of schizophrenic, vacillating between rude and extremely friendly/attentive. Made me feel rather uncomfortable. The decor is cute but in a contrived Williamsburg, Brooklyn kinda way. I do like the fireplaces, I think they're a nice touch. Not particularly inclined to go back but the views here are so polarized with some very positive ones that I would give them benefit of the doubt and try again...I really like the concept of having a limited menu based on what is available and what is good, so we gave this place a try.
We had the mezze plate as starter with the extra cheese. The dip, the bread and the chorizo were great. The blue cheese seemed to be a bit overtime. One of the hard cheeses was really good, the other was unimpressive. Actually would not advice to add the 3rd cheese we shared between 2 and it was already more than enough as appetizer.
We had ravioli which came with a beautiful description but tasted quite bad. It was also oven baked and drenched in cheese. Was expecting more delicate and fresh taste.
We also had something that was described as a cross between doughnut and croissant with brie and pork. Not sure what brie they used but it did not taste like a proper brie at all and the doughnut taste took over the whole dish.
We might give this place another try if the menu looks good, just because I like the concept.
Our waitress was very sweet and nice.The worst in terms of service. Came in with 7 people on time with a res for special, expensive promoted dinner. Place was packed. Only 2 servers including bar staff. In over an hour NO food came out of the kitchen, and cocktails came out in drips & drabs, 2 or 3 at a time. We asked for manager, and owner came over (he had been sitting at the bar with his back toward the full room) to tell us that food was coming- no apology, and 5 minutes later 1 app salad appeared!  Finally 6 of 7 of us got our food (again, at all different times). One of our party never got her order, but still had to ask the server to remove the charge from the bill. Looked like other diners experienced the same as nothing came out of the kitchen for very long stretches. We've been here several times before but this was the end.This is why I love eating in NOLA...small and unassuming spot my wife and I stumbled into for brunch and I end up having one of the best dishes I have had in a long time. Grilled shrimp with grit cakes and spinach in a spicy coconut curry. The breakfast burrito was also really good. Iced coffee mixed with milk and sugar in a cocktail shaker? Yes please. Cool laid back atmosphere, a definite hit.the food is decent and it's great that they are open late - but the person who writes the menu is a fool:
"velvety avocado"
"ambrosial mushrooms"
"sultry cream sauce"
"a hint of fairy mushrooms"
"feel the rain forest" (in reference to a guacamole)
PUT THE THESAURUS DOWN AND LET THE FOOD SPEAK FOR ITSELF!Really didn't know what to expect. We had a party of nine and we made a reservation. It's a funky atmosphere, actually kinda cool.  Dinner was actually quit good and the waitress was fun. I'd definitely go backDelicious with a hard working, caring cook. Menu changes every week, so I'm only gonna say what my wife and I had was really good. Do try.After this meal, I loved everything and everybody. I loved the vibe at the place, the service, the food, the prices. I was even inclined to love my fellow diners, a group of French-speaking tourists. 
Yelp describes the Suis Generis' ambience as "hipster," and to the extent that hipster aesthetics are governed by eclectic mishmashes of religious candles, faux fireplaces, Solo cups and tiny toy cars, that's pretty accurate. ( I love all these things, especially faux fireplaces, so Suis was already scoring points.)
The waiter was friendly and seemed eager for our approval of the dishes. She made a lot of eye contact and was incredibly generous with her wine pours (which btw, a glass of house red is $4). As in, more generosity would have resulted in spillage.
THE FOOD. The food was better than any of the small plates/entrees/"global fusion" I've sampled at the various gastropubs that have sprung up in this section of Bywater. Roasted cauliflower was "cooked to perfection" (hate this phrase, but it is truth) with a generous glob of whipped goat cheese. House-made  raviolis were savory and awesome and topped with grilled asparagus stalks criss-crossed bonfire style. 
Prices were good. We had three glasses of wine, the roasted cauliflower, veggie lo mein and house-made ravioli: total $50.
I've walked past this place countless times; judging from the dark, cavernous exterior and sidewalk chalkboards, I took it for a dive bar. But I was completely wrong. Being wrong never tasted so delicious.Fresh, eclectic, relaxed.
The food is fantastic. The chef uses fresh ingredients and the menu changes depending on whatever is available. So, relying on reviews of specific dishes is not as relevant as is the style of cooking. It is all about the combination of flavors. For example, the ahi ceviche with watermelon and thai peppers was amazing. Manchego cheese on roasted pineapples with a sweet and hot (chipotle) syrup was also incredible. The seafood stew  was made with a coconut milk base giving it a rich undercurrent to highlight the taste and textures of the fresh fish. Major consistent themes (at least on this night): bold flavors, pepper accents, Asian influences, local ingredients.
The decor is funky and eclectic. It may not be to everybody's taste, but it has a clear playful presence. If you go to the downstairs bathroom, you might not come out in time for dessert. I'll say no more.
The service is friendly and relaxed. Excellent beer and wine selection. 
Check it out.The Food....
I would give the food 5 stars without a doubt! The chef is using so many different & sometimes unlikely flavor combinations. Each bite has big bold flavor yet all of the items on the dish complement each other perfectly...mmmmmm....yummy! My mom & I tried the daily special which was smoked boar injected w/ garlic & basted in coconut & basil...I think....but what ever it was it was hands down deee-licious! The entree came w/ 4 nice sized pieces of boar, mashed acorn squash seasoned w/ a hint of  Indian-influenced spice mixture & brussel sprouts braised w/ bacon. Each part of the meal had it's on distinctive flavor yet each paired perfectly w/ each other. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu! On a side note: I generally tend to steer clear of smoked meats as they are usually over-powering or have a slight chemical taste to them but this was not the case at all with this dish. To all the smoked meat haters, I highly recommend u give it another shot if this is still on the menu. 
The Beverages...
This is the area that seems to have SO much potential but has not been embraced yet. There is a nice wine, beer and non-alcoholic selection such as teas, coffees, aloe Vera juice & coconut water to name a few. However I think this place screams for hand-made original cocktails! The waitress did offer homemade simple syrups such as ginger, blueberry & strawberry to add to any cocktail but her only suggestion was to add it to a margarita or another drink which is essentially a margarita but w/ rum instead of tequila. So it is a start but I'd love to see some fresh herbs, juices & fruits added to the cocktail list & recommendations to pair with each meal. Also the cocktails were served in these cheap plastic picnic disposable cups yet the ice water was serve in glass...it would be nice if they would switch that around. Then again they may never get rid of me if the cocktails are as yummy as the food :P
The Decor....
I love this fun, funky, quirky & eclectic sense of style! I think the decor highly reflects the same energy that the chef brings to each dish. There are lots of unique uses of space such as a mock fireplace in a built in shelf next to a booth & the cup collage on the ceiling & the random barbie floating about here & there. However I was hoping for a little more coziness especially after seeing the pics on their website. I'm hoping they will continue to add more decor in the near future. But for now they are doing an incredible job & I can wait to try more items on the menu & see how & if they evolve. 
The Atmosphere...
It was nice & airy & open w/ a slight minimalistic vibe. However the staff was very nice & unpretentious. I took my mom and we saw a wide range of customers from their 20s - 50s. Most seating is booth style but they are able to accommodate a fairly large party in bench section. They also had a great selection of background music & as we were leaving I couldn't tell if a DJ was setting up or if all the music was from the staff's personal vinyl collection....either way I'm backin it!The food was above average, but actually getting to eat it was a hassle.
When we arrived there were several tables empty, yet waited 15 minutes just to be seated, which was due to the waitress eating dinner. WTF? While seated at the bar, waitingto be seated at a table, the bartender ignored our attempts to order drinks. Once seated, the less than average service continued. The staff has appearance of not caring (typical of the Bywater).
I've only been here once, but I am going to assume this joint to be completely inconsistent in all aspects of operating a business. I will not go back until notified of any positive feedback by word-of-mouth (New Orleans is a small town). Instead, I will head across the street to Maurepas. 
Side note: Cash only, with no warning posted.After two visits I do like this place.  4 stars for ambience and friendly wait staff -  plates range from very good to good.  Ravioli was excellent; meatloaf was excellent, teriyaki tuna was excellent. Seasoning was a bit uneven. I have to say, I like this place so much better than the Maurepas across the street, which is always super crowded and has a blah menu.
Suis Generis changes their menu every week - this is pretty cool. I haven't tried the brunch yet but others have told me it's worthwhile.First - giving credit where credit is due - this is a funky, cool little neighborhood restaurant in the Bywater.  The service was delightful, and prices were fair. 
For having only two tables (total restaurant count 4 adults and 3 children) on a Thursday night (it was raining out, the night before New Years Eve, but everywhere else in the neighborhood was packed - like Sneaky Pickle, Pizza Delicious for example), it took 90 minutes to get the entrees after ordering.  
Aside from how long it took, the Tofu Bao - per the menu "tofu bao - rice bun with fried tofu, hoisin sambal sauce, green papaya & sweet mango slaw, choy leaf $14 - was reported average; and the Snapper - "meyer lemon parmesan yellow strip snapper, shallot five grain rice, sugar snap peas $16 - was bottom of the barrel.  The snapper was about 1/4" thick, burnt on the bottom and appeared more like catfish while the 5 grain was bland and over cooked.
There were two cooks in the kitchen - yet both tables were waiting on entrees for over an hour.  For a restaurant being open for four years, it seems they would have this size crowd dialed in.  
For the families with smaller children, there were no highchairs - which I understand and appreciate - but be prepared to adjust accordingly.
Happy New Year!Suis Generis is a small funky place with a constantly updated menu. Maybe I'm wrong, but I think it's new every week, with a few constants such as weekend brunch and taco night. I never bother to check the menu beforehand since I've never been disappointed and love surprises! The owners are almost always there and are wonderful people, super friendly and a lot of fun. They love a good theme party (who doesn't?) and often they will work themes into the menu, costumes encouraged and sometimes rewarded. YES. The art on the walls is always changing and usually for sale. Drinks are cheap and delicious. Great bathroom wallpaper to look at while you do your stuff. And the fire pits! And the hot wheels! Just go there.This place is magnificent. The atomosphere, food, friendly staff...perfect place for a date night or to catch up with an old friend. The menu changes often, so there's always something to look forward to here! Highly recommend!Well. I heard that this was an excellent spot. It was not. The wait staff was very attentive, but clearly overworked. 
I ordered a soup off the menu that included duck, shellfish, a ginger base and vegetables. This sounded very filling. 
What came out was a very large bowl of liquid, along with a massive chunk of duck leg and breast, vegetables cut into very large portions...and not much else. 
I asked for an additional plate in order to get the food onto a plate where I could cut it up...but the duck was so tough that it was not edible. I was able to get the vegetables out and cut some of them up. 
Fortunately, my sister had ordered a meal that included a baked potato, and she shared that with me. 
Basically, the chef poured several large-sized ingredients into a large vat of liquid with little to no processing. It was not a soup but collection of massive items cooked with little thought as to how a person would actually consume them. 
The flavor of the soup base was excellent.We tried this last night. Got there early as I had heard it gets pretty busy later on. Loved everything. Homemade strawberry soda very refreshing and natural. Had the beets  and an item not on the menu snails and tails.  Escargot and crawfish tails. Wonderful hot crusty bread. Then mussels with black beans in a spicy chile infused broth. Bowls a creammmy grits. Wait staff must love their jobs. Smiled all the time and really seemed pleased that we were very enthusiastic about our choices. Also very reasonable.  I liked the buzz of the place.  Can't wait to go backI had the breakfast burrito, which is compromised of mashed potato, chorizo and avacado. I really enjoyed the chorizo in the burrito and the potatos smoothed it all out, the aguacate just enhances the texture of the potato.. I frequently use the potato to make my breakfast burritos have  a great creamy texture. 
I would love to be back and experience the daily menu that is rotated here based on the availability of fresh products.I have been to New Orleans many times, but I have never eaten in the Bywater section of the city. It has really changed for the better
.
I went during their 1st anniversary weekend. The staffs were helpful,  and the owners were around to make sure the service was going smoothly and everyone was  happy.
It was refreshing to get away from the tourist areas  and to eat how locals eat when they go out. I would recommend to anyone looking for a break from the French Quarter and usual tourist areas.What a delightful surprise! The Suis G Bloody Mary was DELISH and really helped me to "kick up my heels" the rest of the day strolling through the FQ!
The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Their ceviche and scrumptious table-side guacamole and white queso definitely hit the spot! A variety of dishes to please everyone in your party and fresh ingredients are sure to make you smile!Sweet little spot nestled among other slightly ancient-looking storefronts on Burgundy in Bywater, Suis Generis prides itself on creative menus every week (I know this. I get the emails!), in addition to Mexican on Thursdays, and brunch on Sundays. Atmosphere: quirky (salt & pepper shakers on rat rod hot wheels; fake fireplaces, awesome plastic cup ceiling), but no over-the-top suffocating kitsch. Restrained kitsch? Kinda novel... I definitely like. 
I went once for a dose of Mexican and really dug the vibe of the place, more chill than Maurepas across the street (which i also love, it's just that sometimes you need chill instead of loud and bustling). I felt like the service was extremely nice and although there were growing pains (my dish was missing the add-ons I had asked for), these all came out immediately in abundance. Plus, they make a mean cocktail. 
Which brings me to Sunday (yesterday). Bellini brunch! My friend and I stopped in first to Maurepas for their sick grits that are as buttery as all fuck, but other than that, they didn't really have any brunch food, so we headed for our second brunch at Suis Generis. Seriously. Two brunches? Talk about eyes being bigger than our stomachs. A quick perusal of the menu revealed a stuffed Atlanta Falcon for dinner (brilliant! Love it!) and a decent brunch menu, but I only had eyes for the bellini. By the time the second bellini had been ordered, we both knew the intention to order food was but a distant memory.
These were the best bellinis I've ever had. They don't just dump in some crappy peach schnapps (any decent place won't do this, naturally), but use a really good peach liquor and a decent champagne (by "decent" all I ask for is super dry so that I don't have a hangover happening at 3pm).
The couple behind the operation are really cool as well and are there both working the DJ booth (awesome record collection) and behind the bar. I love receiving their weekly menus, which always offer a couple veg options, and I love that I now live close by so I can check them out more frequently.Awesome everything. The art & decor are modern and spectacular, the service is warm and welcoming, and the food delicious and creative! We had a group of 8 walk in for Brunch without a reservation and lucked into seating right away (it was a bit early and it was mid January). The tunes were unique and cool but after a while there were chicken clucking sounds that were echoing and had reverb. That's when I noticed that there was actually a DJ spinning for Brunch! He was awesome, with straight up music mingling with occasional soundscapey ambient jams. All of the food was fantastic (between all of us we ordered almost the entire menu and there wasn't anything less than great).
We all loved our experience and have talked about in in the weeks since. Highly recommended!!!It's very seldom that I say I'd never return to a restaurant, but this place has warranted that opinion. The food was tasteless, uninspired, and highly overpriced. They were out of several ingredients. And our server was so rude and abrasive we kept our question asking to an absolute minimum. There are far too many gems in NO with charm and character to bother with this place again.Found this place open late at night with some good food.vegan meat balls were delicious with good flavor.I liked how they have decorated the ceiling with red beer cups! Little bit pricey for the location and food but worth itThis place is a total gem! I came here for brunch this weekend and really enjoyed my meal. The atmosphere is casual, cool, and quirky. The server didn't come out to greet/seat us right away so I took that time to really look around the space. I love that the ceiling is made of solo cups! 
My dining companion and I started off with some $5 mimosas. They were quite small, but I let it slide because of the on point champagne to OJ ratio. We ordered the shakshuka and the pork breakfast tacos. I loved every single bite of my shakshuka! It was absolutely spot on. Spicy, savory, and tangy. I know I'll have a difficult time ever ordering something else. I also really liked the breakfast tacos, the type of cheese they put on top really made it. After seeing that Suis Generis makes their own bloody mary mix from scratch, I knew I just HAD to try it. It was truly one of the best bloody mary's I've ever had! Lots of horseradish, garlic, and pickled things. Just how I like it. 
The only minor negative thing I can really say about my experience is that the service was a little awkward. But whatever, we all have our off days. After looking at their constantly changing dinner menu I know I'll definitely be back, and soon!A friend and I decided to check this new place out and happened in on Tacos Magnificos y Mas night. It was a little pricey. But the food was really great, the service was prompt and friendly, and the atmosphere was awesome. I happened to meet the owner / chef, and he took the time to introduce himself and say hello. All in all, it was a great experience. It seems that they're getting much better at what they do now that they've been open for a while. Give it a shot!I have fallen in love with this spot.  The menu here changes often, is usually locally based, and tastes wonderful. The wine list/cocktail menu is vast and full.  I love coming here because it's not a long wait and the atmosphere is comfy and unique. My kiddo can play with the awesome table settings and is happy to just sit and look around at the awesome art.  The food is great, I have never been disappointed.  Cheese plate is awesome, salmon is perfect. I had a celebration there and the servers brought us a dessert with candles, on the house. I highly recommend this for any night of the week.I consider myself a "foodie" so this praise is very well earned. I had the foie gras and pear ravioli, THE BEST RAVIOLI EVER!!!  It was delicate and light and so delicious from the ravioli to the creamy sauce, I almost ordered another one for dessert!  A friend had said their cheesecake was something special, so instead of getting another ravioli I opted for the cheesecake and I'm not a big cheesecake fan but WOW! AAAAAHHHHHHMMMMAAAAAAZING! Everything from the food to the relaxing and unpretentious atmosphere, it's fine dining food without the stuffy waiter, and exorbitant prices.  A++++++++++++++++++++++++I have been to Suis Generis numerous times. It is a fun, quirky, laid-back neighborhood restaurant with food you would otherwise expect in an avant garde Parisian bistro. The menu changes every Friday, which means there is always a reason to come out and try something new. But don't forget Taco Night every Thursday. There is a dearth of good Mexican, Tex-Mex, Cal-Mex in New Orleans, but Suis Generis is doing its part to fix the problem. I look forwards to reading the new menu every Friday.
That is the food part, but the workers and owners deserve mention as well. They are such a joy to talk with and interact with.This is a classy neighborhood restaurant and Bywater at its best!
Closed during Saints games as it should be, because you should watching the game!Christ, finally an affordable vegetarian dinner spot in the bywater. They succeed where surprisingly few have failed. Sure, there's Maurepas and Satsuma, but Satsuma dosen't really have dinner and Maurepas is a bit bourgy.
The vegetarian selection here isn't massive, but it's all delicious. The menu also purportedly changes ever few weeks, making the somewhat limited vegetarian selection more exciting. My girlfriend and myself gorged ourselves on the roasted cauliflower, veggie lo mein and vegetarian ravioli. Some of the best vegetarian food I've ever tasted. This place completely blows Maurepas out of the water for half the price. The booze is cheap and the service is friendly and unpretentious. Ambience for days.
Easily the best vegetarian place in the bywater. One of the best in New Orleans.OUTSTANDING! Highly recommended. Ingredients were ULTRA FRESH. Not overly or under seasoned. Fish was nice and firm Veggie bedding was sauteed just enough. Not raw and not mushy at all. Hint of lemon/lime citrus with a bit of olive oil made the flavors POP. And I don't even like tomatoes! Wonderful, funky, laid back atmosphere with an esoteric twist and local tunes on the stereo. Besides, the salt and pepper are mounted on Matchbox and Hot Wheels cars making them WAY easy to pass.Funky, comfortable, fresh. Everything we tasted was well done but I have to recommend the scallops with celery root puree and chocolate creme with chambord and strawberries (yum!) 
Just checked out today's menu and the new brunch menu (They change their menu frequently based on what looks good, local and fresh) and can't wait to go back!Well, clearly several of the owners' friends have decided to take to Yelp to lead unsuspecting restaurant goers astray. Be sure to note, fellow Yelpers, anytime a positive review is that person's ONLY review.
This is by far the most contrived restaurant I have ever been to. I don't care how "wacky" or "artistic" your neighborhood is, you can't just slap cheap decorations together and call yourself "hip" or "eclectic" or whatever you fancy yourself as being. 
Worse than the decor, the food itself is contrived. Listen carefully: You do not put vanilla anywhere near scallops, let alone as a "sauce." If you want to experiment, do it at home. Do not charge unsuspecting customers for that abomination. Also, how do you screw up broccoli? My broccoli was completely overseasoned to the point of being inedible. 
Even the restaurant's name is contrived. "Sui generis" is Latin for being unique to itself. "Suis generis" means absolutely nothing. I read somewhere that an "s" was added as a nod to the city's French heritage. That leaves us with a conjugated French verb for "being" that is out of place, and a Latin word that is out of place. It doesn't make any sense, and it's not creative. It's like when a comedian has to explain his jokes after no one laughs. 
You cannot throw together a restaurant like this, be pretentious, and then get your friends to write sham reviews. No, no, no. That violates this city's proud culinary heritage in every way imaginable.
By the way the lone bright spot was the service, but because of everything mentioned above this needlessly pretentious, slapped-together restaurant gets 1 star.A quaint little cafe nestled in a residential area. The service was very friendly. Their handmade tomato jam 'pop-tart' was really good! Surprising, really. The shakshouka was also delicious. Minus one star because they were out of several ingredients so some of us weren't able to have our first choice.Breakfast burritos!  We were quite pleased to enjoy Sunday Brunch in the Bywater.  The homemade chocolate and golden raisin  pop-tarts were a great starter to share.  Shaken, not stirred iced coffee was welcomed on this warm day.  Great job Suis Generis, we always enjoy dining with you!This place is great!  I've been here twice now in the past couple of weeks, and plan to go back soon.  
The menu is a free-flowing, small plates, large plates structure.  True to the statements on the website, there were several changes to the menu between my two visits.  Last night as I came in, one of the friendly staff recommended the creamed corn topped with apple-smoked bacon.  He later walked through with a box of ears of corn that he had obtained fresh and then roasted on a grill.  The dish was delicious, spicy, and the bacon was nicely smoked.
I ordered lamb on both of my visits.  The lamb was prepared differently due to changes in the menu, but both times it was well-prepared, hearty and satisfying and carefully spiced.  
The atmosphere is relaxed, warm, and artistically decorated.Damn good food that changes weekly. Also they had some guy playing noise music in there!Worst food and drink experience I've had in a while. Their taco salad was a joke (it had spinach and barely anything else in it), their chips tasted like they came from Winn Dixie, and their margaritas were horrible. Don't recommend. Would not go back there. And a message for the establishment: RAISE YOUR QUALITY. The bar is high in New Orleans, so you can't afford to be leaving customers with the taste I was left with last week. Thanks.The atmosphere and food here is great. I will definitely be back as soon as possible!If I could give it less than one star I would. Bad food, poor service and dear god was it overpriced. This place, with it's phony bologna vibe (really, a dj is necessary?), is clearly run by people who have never run a restaurant. Do yourself a favor and stick to maurepas across the street. BTop 5 restaraunts ive been to all time. This place is amazing. Its in Bywater in the more residential part so a bit hidden. We thought it was closed when we got there because of the dark iron doors.   When we walked in the bartender/ waitress greeted us and we sat down. 
Atmoshpere is like a hipster voodoo cafe. Low lights and cool paintings and a bit of a mystery magic chill vibe. 
Very local it seems. And open late to 1am. 
Get the peach cocktail. It's so simple yet is one of the best cocktails I ever had. So smooth, clean and just the right amount of sweetness. 
The menu changes every Friday. Though I assume some dishes repeat themselves. 
We had the meat and cheese platter. It was all very good, with french bread and pita. And some type of spread that I never tasted before. It was very very good. Then we ordered the confluence of amur. It has a lobster tail, scallop and duck on a stick. Everything was cooked to perfection. And the potatoe salad that it came with was delicious as well. All the flavors worked together. The sides and garnishes where just as good as the fish and meat. It was amazing. Those dishes reminded me of Barcelona actually, with the meat cheeses fish and olive oils. Everything so fresh and delicious. 
Then desert blew our minds. Gwens cheescake was the best we ever had. It was dense, light and flaky and not to sweet. Very creamy and delicious. It had a very moist graham cracker bottom.  We also had the choclate ganache desert. Which was some sort of corn bread brownie with date marmalade and chocolate ganache. I never had anything like it. It was so moist and the flavors were great. 
I would come back in a heart beat. Wish I lived here just for this restaraunt. Its truly one of a kind. And im surprised I dont think food network or a station like that has highlighted them. They really should be recognized more.you lose a star for slow service.  
however, wow that ravioli with coconut milk lemongrass yummy goodness?  was over the top.  small plate though.  it was really really good.
the greek meatballs?  very filling, and the garlicy mashers was MORE than we could eat.  the crab claws were fun too, and the lemongrass mousse,  nice.
this menu was great.  lots of variety, and use of herbs was fun.  the cinnamon touch on the crab claws?  was really fun, and we sopped up the juices with more bread.
I really like this place, but the service was VERY slow.  and we got there before the rush.  I work in the service industry, and this is a small flaw... very small, and easily fixed.  but when you ask three times for something?  thats just not paying attention.  
I'll be back, to watch you grow, and become a bywater staple.The concept is that they change their menu every week with something new and seasonal. Kind of hard to write a review in the sense that anyone reading this will not be able to order what I ordered. The drinks I think are more consistent week to week, and if their chili limeade is any indication, are strongly flavored; that must be the spiciest cold beverage I've ever had. What I ate was intriguing: a fairly conventional but delicious salad with feta and toasted almonds, followed by a main dish of gnocchi with ponzu and some Asian vegetables, the sort of fusion cuisine I occasionally try on my own but rarely pull off so convincingly.
That menu they're always changing is pretty small, but invariably has one vegan entree. They also release the menu online, so you can peruse it; I've checked quite a few times. Occasionally, I decide not to go because what they're offering isn't to my taste. Other times, I think it looks appealing but it's gone before I can make it in. They are open at fairly limited times.
It's a small and very Bywater-infused atmosphere, with tattoos all around and an old wooden vibe. For some reason there seemed to be only one person really waiting tables and it was not a fast service experience. This strikes me as a place you wouldn't come for a quick meal anyway. It's better to enjoy it slowly over conversation while marveling at whatever creativity emerges from the kitchen.Wow ! This place is a find inventive delicious food at very reasonable price make this a must go to restaurant in the Bywater section of NOLA
Everything is excellent be it small plates of regular only problem is the is is a weekend destination only but get this menu changes each week It's a first glass experience that is funky yet a foodie paradise . Weekend hours late
CarlingdWhen I first went here 2 years ago, the food was good. The second was also good but I was left distraught at the cost. Recently, I had a terrible meal that was way too expensive here; maybe it was because it was later in the night.  One dish was way too salty to be edible--after a few bites, I asked to pack it to-go (I used it to mix into other food the next day which made it better but was still too salty). I appreciated they cooked their own batch of beans but they were undercooked. A side dish of rice and some pita chips were too stale to eat. The drinks were excellent though!  Add that to the cost--an average entree is $14.50-and I just don't know that I can try it again. I really wanted to like this little place.Took a nice long walk over here from the French Quarter only to discover that they serve brunch all the way until 3:00 PM and don't begin serving dinner until 6:00 PM. :( We were so disappointed since we really came for the small dinner dishes. Wamp wamp waaamp. Either way, we decided we'd make the most of it. We rested our legs, my husband got a beer and I got the Bloody Mary since I heard it was all the rage. It did NOT disappoint. Love how spicy it was. I would've gotten another one if we weren't already set on finding somewhere to get lunch. The waitress/bartender was extremely sweet. Hopefully we'll make the trek back out here for dinner one day.
Random thought: It's a charming albeit weird little spot with red solo cups on the ceiling, random Barbies and Barbie parts lining the walls, and Matchbox car salt and pepper shakers.What can I say...just had the most amazing dinner tonight. Nothing more to say but dont miss coming here in this special tucked away restaurant in Bywater.The menu is small but focused on quality. Not expensive, but awesome. The Lamb Chops and the Cornish Hen were to die forWhile this place tries hard, and has a kind of funky decor (salt and pepper shakers glued to toy cars), they don't try hard at customer service. The very bottom of their menu in fine print specifies "cash only" and an ATM with a 2.50 fee in addition to whatever your bank charges you. I could overlook cash only if the food and service were better, but they weren't.
For Sunday brunch at 11am, we had the worst waitress--didn't bring us water, never offered refills, brought us the wrong order once, and we had to ask for the check twice. I had a special of pot roast with an over easy egg and hash browns. The meat was very overcooked and hard to chew, and the yolk on the egg was cooked through. My partner had shakshuka, which was good, but about a four ounce serving. The fresh squeezed Oj was 2.50 for four ounces. 
If the food and service were better, this place's live piano player, funky decor and even the small portions would be worth it. But this place can't even refill drinks or cook an egg over easy.Got into town late. Was looking for a spot that was still serving food at a later time and this place popped up. Granite, they were serving less of the menu (just front page) of what I had looked up, but none of it was a disappointment. Split with my companion the steak and pilaf. ALL of it was delicious. Walking into the place seemed like a hit or miss with what you may get served, but it was worth the shot. Not to mention the cool art on the walls that are also for sale. And after dinner, right next door (Bud Rip's) is a great, chill bar in the Bywater I could've hoped for. Good dinner, good night cap. Good night.