Best food I've eaten in the 4x I've been to NOLA.
We had: tom yum egg noodle soup: delicious
veggie spring rolls: good
glass noodles (veggie) good
Service is ok, food does take a bit to arrive, but it tastes good. The servers aren't particularly friendly but they do their job.Veggie tapioca rolls were incredible but this place has the bbest curry dishes in the city!  Definitely a fan.Ordered lunch delivery, which brought a laughably small portion of chicken and veg swimming in a sea of "green curry."  That, spring rolls, and a Thai iced coffee cost me $25!!  Definitely not worth it.  Pretty crafty how their web site menu does not list prices.K liked our experience at the uptown location so much and since we live in Gentilly, we paid this location a visit.
We were hungry and didn't wanna look at the menu for a long time, so we decided to go with Drunken Noodles, Kaffir Lime Curry, and Peppery Garlic.
The noodles were good, just like at the other location. The curry was much spicier than the one we had uptown, even though I asked for the same level of spiciness. When I mentioned this to our server, he said, "We keep it real here." Lol. Lastly, the Peppery Garlic didn't get K's approval. While it was fine, he seemed to have preferred the garlic and pepper we had at Cafe Equator. He said that there was less garlic flavor in the one at Sukho.
We didn't realize they didn't have liquor license, so K was a little disappointed that he couldn't have his Martini.
Our server was amazing and we enjoyed our meal here, even though I think portions are a little bigger uptown.Sukho Thai in the Marigny is that classic mix of good food and bad business practices. The food is consistently tasty, but the service is slow, and for me who more frequently calls in for take out, they are particularly bad at all things related to take out. I have experienced more than once, 45 minute to 1 hour wait times for take out during lunch, have ordered brown rice only to get there and be told "oh we just didn't make you brown rice, sorry", and have also called in to order only to be told, "yeah we're shorthanded, so we're not doing take out or delivery today." I can understand not doing delivery if you're shorthanded, but I haven't any idea what the difference is between placing a dish on a plate, or in a take out container. It's a mystery to me. Also, dinner prices are quite expensive and even if you order lunch on the weekend, they will charge you dinner prices during lunch. Overall, food is good, experience not so much.I would just like say how disgusting there kitchen is, and that they cook with food they keep on the floor. Rats and roaches garunteed in every meal.Horrible! Food was terrible, very mediocre at best! Don't go there!It was not bad. The food could use more flavor. I left feeling full, but not entirely satisfied with our meal.(I noticed in one of the reviews that at least one reviewer, Haley S., claims Suhko Thai is running some kind of promotion for good reviews.  I certify that I know nothing about this, and that my review is both genuine and unsolicited.  I have been contributing to Yelp for quite some time, and you can check my other reviews to verify that I am not a "paid" reviewer.  I value my integrity, and I always give the most fair review, based solely on my experience, and I always will.  You can count on me for the truth, be it good or bad.)
We found this restaurant while looking for vegetarian restaurants in or near the French Quarter.  This one really caught our eyes because they not only advertise "vegan," they have an entire page full of vegan choices.  That's pretty rare in New Orleans, let alone the French Quarter.  I went with the Peppery Garlic Tofu, and my wife had the Naked Rama.  We both loved out dishes.  
At this restaurant, you can choose your level of "heat," all the way from mild up to actual "Thai" hot, which can be pretty hot if the chef is bold enough.  Most places don't really like to serve "Thai" hot, however, since most customers can't really stand it as hot as they think they can, and restaurants like to keep their customers.  I went for the "Thai" hot, and it was pretty hot, but I feel like they still pulled back on me a little.  Even so, they left enough peppers and hot oil on the table that I could spice it up any way I liked.  Not all restaurants do that.  
With my dish, I liked that they used the "firm" tofu instead of the "soft" tofu.  It cooks up so much better, and ends up with a better texture.  I also liked the fresh vegetables, but I thought I was supposed to have cabbage in mine, but don't remember finding any.  They could have used a little more cilantro, too, but what I got was very nice.  All in all, it was a very nice, affordable meal that I really enjoyed.  
My wife's dish was just about perfectly to her liking.  She's the one who likes the peanuts in Thai food, not me.  She let me taste hers, and it had a nice, mild peanut flavor that even I kind of liked.  This dish, however, could not be made spicy just by its very nature.  
We also had some really good tea.  I like that they serve a variety of teas as I have become accustomed to having tea when I eat Asian food.  The citrus tea we had augmented out meal nicely.
Someone reviewed that the price might be too high.  I disagree.  Sure, you can get Asian food for half the price, but the quality is less than half.  Here, everything is cooked to order, you get plenty, and it is all tasty and fresh.  That's worth the price if you ask me.  I would certainly come back here and pay their price.  You can spend a lot more in the Quarter and get a lot less.  The value is definitely there. 
Another nice aspect of the restaurant is its "local" feel.  It's off the beaten path down in the Marigny near Frenchman Street where all the locals go to hear local music.  There is another nice, local restaurant very nearby called "Monas" that is one of our favorites, too.  More and more, it seems you have to go "downtown" here to find the best in music and the best in food.  It seems all of the innovative restaurateurs are moving away from the "tourist trap," and moving to this area to ply their wares.  We are happy they are.  Quaint, little restaurants like this are what have always given New Orleans its special "flavor," and kept it a head above other culinary destinations.  New Orleans is always evolving, and restaurants like this one represent the new wave in that evolution.  It won't be long before everyone will be flocking down here, so get there while you still can without the long wait.I'm sick of going to Metairie everytime we want food. So after deciding we both want thai, we came here randomly on a Sunday evening in search of some good authentic thai. Hubby and I both ordered drunken noodles. Food came out very quickly. We were both were very satisfied with our choices. Also ordered a thai tea which was DELICIOUS. Good atmosphere, pleasant staff. Overall, would definitely come back.I recently moved to New Orleans from California and have been searching the city for some "delicious pad thai" ever since.  I had been to several places, but none worth recommending.  My boyfriend and I got on yelp and must've read reviews for every Thai restaurant in greater New Orleans.  We thought Sukho seemed promising, so we made the trip.
I'm pleased to say our search for "delicious pad thai" has finally ended.  I ordered the pad thai with shrimps, mild, he ordered the drunken noodles with beef, medium, and his brother got combination pad thai with shrimps and chicken, medium.  We all seriously enjoyed our food and said it was some of the better and more authentic Thai food we've eaten.  It was a struggle to keep from licking the plates.  :)  The ingredients are very fresh and the flavors are on point.  We ended the meal with a shared pot of Coconut tea, which is a must-try.  (Thanks for the recommendation, Courtney R.!)
For those who have complained about the service, you all must have been there on an off night.  Leo waited on us and he was the man; he was very attentive and very knowledgeable about Thai cuisine.
5 stars for "delicious pad thai" and excellent service from Leo!I ordered the chicken satay, green curry with chicken, and indian puff bread. The first thing I noticed was that I paid more for the food and received less of the food than I would back at home. I suppose it's because I come from an area where thai food is pretty common whereas it's not as common here. 
As for the actual food: the indian puff bread was pretty good, different from home, but not in a bad way. I was dunking it into the green curry sauce, but the sauce was so thin it didn't sop up enough for my liking. It also didn't help that the puff bread itself didn't seem conducive to sopping up sauce. 
The green curry with chicken was decent. I ordered the mild, but it was a little spicier than what I would expect for mild curry. And while it wasn't *bad*, it just wasn't good. At home, I order curry and I get excited about eating it. This one, I stuck the leftovers in the fridge and ended up not really wanting to eat it afterward :( I know people like the thai food here because they make it spicy like it's supposed to be, but if you ask me, my food managed to be spicy without being flavorful. I could feel the heat, it just wasn't tasty. 
The chicken satay didn't really seem like the chicken satay I'm used to eating. The peanut sauce was delicious and the chicken itself was well cooked, but they put some sort of sweet/sour sauce on it as well and the coconut milk sauce that's supposed to be on satay didn't seem to be on there. 
I honestly wanted to like this place, but I don't think I'd eat here again by choice. Call me a thai food snob if you must, but this just isn't the thai food place for me. I know there are a lot of people who enjoy it and I'm glad that they do, but I am definitely not a fan of this place. Price wouldn't matter so much to me if the food was worth it, but it's not in my opinion.OMG! You call this Thai food? I think not! The flavors fell flat and service was horrid. I had the Phad Thai and wept. Not only did the flavors fall flat but rather than use real rice noodles they chose to use Angel Hair pasta. I think perhaps that alone should be grounds for closing the doors.Finally I found a level of "hot" (Thai Hot) that my boyfriend (Never Too Hot For Me Fella) can't even tolerate. Besides solving that issue in our relationship, Sukho Thai has served as the scene of many a supper when we just can't decide where to go. It is our fail-safe standby with excellent Drunken Noodles, curry dishes, Waterfall Beef, spring rolls, and most of all....coconut tea. We don't have many specialty tea places in NOLA, and if the owner of Sukho Thai would sell me a pound of this coconut tea, which is sweet enough on its own but even better with a smidge of cream, I would be eternally grateful. Too bad there is never anyone there who seems to know where the tea comes from nor how to sell me more than one steaming, heavenly pot of it. Yes, the staff can be a bit put-offish and misinformed at times, but despite that Sukho Thai remains in my orbit of regular dinner stops.I spent $40 on a chicken pad thai and 4 egg rolls.egg rolls were wayyyy to salty, pad thai was dry.so gross and overpriced.no thanksNot sure what others are talking about. Sukho Thai does not diverge from traditional Thai except to say that it's better than your average Thai food. The Pad Thai had a wonderfully thin texture and more bite than most pad thais. All the food was definitely spicy, even when we got "medium" level. The curry softshell crab was out of this world, the best softshell crab I've had in New Orleans, which is saying a lot. The shrimp-in-a-pouch was delicious but not spectacular. If you order it, you should order it for the goodness of gulf shrimp and the crispness of the pouch... it is barely seasoned, and not as much of a fun flavor bomb as other version I've had.
The reason I'm giving them three stars is not the food, which was four star quality, but the fact that some of the pieces of chicken in the pad thai were undercooked... how can professional chefs do that? I would have given the extra star if, when we told our server, he had done something to make up for it, like a good restaurant does, but he didn't, and in fact seemed not to want to come to our table any longer for the rest of our meal, even though we were not angry about it, we just knew it's proper to let them know if the kitchen is under-cooking chicken. I mean, come on people, it's chicken, you can't risk that sh*t. Luckily, the next day, still no signs of food poisoning. And we're still gonna go back.
Also, they do now have a five dollar corking fee, which they didn't used to, I believe. But, 5 dollars to drink a bottle of wine along with delicious, fresh Thai food? I'll take it.Great yellow curry. And everything else was pretty good too. Service was slow but friendly...a little awkward but nice enough.Pretty mediocre Thai food, as is the norm in New Orleans. Really nice service though and cute space, great location :) We got veggie roll appetizers, and I had the shrimp salad. Best part of the meal was the FBI - fried banana & ice cream dessert. That sh*t was bomb.I was just hanging out near the French Quarter when I spotted Sukho Thai and decided to stop in to eat. I was a bit dubious to go in as it was quite empty but I love Thai food so much I decided to take a chance.
Suhko Thai is a nice little, mellow and homey restaurant. There is a lot more they could do with the decor, but it was comfortable. They have a counter at the front of the restaurant for takeout orders. Several people came in to pick up orders so that might explain why the restaurant was so empty; most people order to go.
There was only 2-3 tables dining at the time, but with just one waitress, service was attentive (I had my water glass readily refilled). She was also personable. Like all other Thai restaurants, you order your food based on the spice scale  and because of my addiction to spicy foods, I always order Thai hot. She warned us about the hotness and explained even she couldn't even handle it (I ordered it anyways), but it was nice she let us know. It was also nice to have someone who was smiling and appeared to be happy.
I was craving noodles and got my standard, Chicken Pad Thai. It was HOT but was perfect for me. I know a lot of people couldn't handle that kind of heat so do know that their scale is pretty accurate and medium (3 stars) would probably be hot for most much less Thai hot. The noodles were cooked perfectly. There was a good amount of chicken, bean sprouts, peanuts and the right level of sweetness. 
We also ordered the Pineapple Shrimp Fried Rice. The rice was soft and pillowy and packed with lots of ingredients and flavor! 
Everything we ordered was delicious so I am looking forward to coming back to try other items on their menu. Also, they have a location on Magazine St that may be worth a try.I have been here a couple of times.  The only thing that I have ever ordered is the Panang Curry with Chicken.  I like the curry, the flavor is good, they do a good job getting the hotness correct.  Really, it's a pretty satisfying experience.  The food, even based on just this one dish, is a diversion from what I would consider traditional Thai.  I am happy with the usual vegetable combos of cabbage, bell peppers and zucchini.  This curry always has peas and carrots in it as well.  There's nothing wrong with that, but it is an interesting addition.
The service has never been memorably good or bad.  The decor is contemporary rather than traditional.  Perhaps this is why they feel like they can charge so much for the food.  If you really want to have some Thai food this seems like a safe bet, you'll likely get something at least okay.
This place is good for satisfying your panang curry desires."Ok", maar zeker niet speciaal. Als voorgerecht hadden we de veggie spring rolls, die naar mijn mening wel erg klein waren, maar wel lekker. Je kan bovendien kiezen tussen al dan niet gefrituurd. Als hoofdgerecht had ik een Yellow curry. Zeker niet te pikant en je krijgt ook genoeg rijst mee. Smaak was ok, geen topper.Yuck, yuck, and yuck. 
Red curry that was so salty and greasy I ended up pushing it aside and having a dinner of simply the plain rice straight from the rice pot.
GROSS bathroom -- dirty walls, a dead roach on the floor, looked more like the bathroom of a bourbon st bar at 2am. 
Truly terrible.This is the kind of place you go if you want a casual atmosphere, and decent food.
The menu is adorned with interesting asian people some of which might be on the questionable side as to what they are actually doing ;)  
The food, more of a normal portion size for a change.  The taste, I haven't had anything that tasted bad as of yet, but I also haven't had anything that tasted amazing either.  
The wait staff is also a bit on the slow side, so don't be in a rush if you come.
Overall, I'll probably go again, and Bonus, there's a restaurant.com coupon as of now.Went there & paid $90 incl. tip for 3 meals. They messed up all three meals, though their sauces were tasty. The chef actually asked the server to tell us to add ingredients to repair his damage. 2 meals were inedible. 2 new meals bought out, one was still meh due to hard, flavorless, over-cooked chicken. When we left, i paid, got home & half the leftovers had been thrown away by the server, including the large pot of rice. There was no reason to not include that food & I specifically asked the bitch-ass server (who I tipped very well) to package all the food. 
I will never obviously go back there.I had the green curry with shrimp. It was delicious!! The service was fast and very friendly. It's a little off the beaten path on a quiet street, but I enjoyed getting away from the nonstop bustle of the quarter. My friend had the Tom Yum soup and said it was very good.The fried rice and chicken satay were excellent. However, we had our meal delivered and half of our curry had spilled out into the bag! The delivery guy couldn't care less, just said "some spilled," and once we realized how much had spilled out, we immediately called and had another one sent out-- AN HOUR LATER, we get a call from the delivery guy, who is at THE  WRONG HOTEL. So, A+ on food (although we asked for very spicy curry and it wasn't spicy at all) but F for customer service.
EDIT: Just received the second order of curry & it was spilled as well!!I know, I know..."who eats Thai food when they go to New Orleans!?"  We were in town for nearly two weeks and having lived in New Orleans for several years and having visited many times (both before and after being a resident) one tends to "branch out".
Sukho Thai did not disapoint!  Food was fresh and VERY tasty and the service was great.
But be forewarned..."Medium Hot" is pretty damn hot, so order accordingly!  I can't even imagine what "Hot" and "Thai Hot" categories are like?  Yikes!service wasn't the best, but I will overlook that because the food was DELICIOUS and came in nice big portions! we had the Veggie Pineapple Fried Rice and the Pineapple Seafood Curry - both of which we highly recommend! A+, even though they weren't staffed well... doesn't matter to me if the food rocks! :)Seeking out veggie food in NOLA can be difficult but Thai food is always a sure bet.  Pad Thai is my go to dish and theirs was nothing special.  In fact I found it bland.  The veggie rolls with the pinneapple sauce were amazing.  The service was so so even though the place was empty and I'm just not sure if its worth going back.This place is so overpriced for the quality of food. First off, I ordered a drink which didn't come until after my meal was served...bad service. Secondly, my entree of the veggie eggplant curry was NOT a thai curry dish. There was no sauce, nothing that would make it a curry that you put over rice. Instead, it was a pot full of ok tasting veggies. My friend's drunken noodles were more of a veggie/chicken dish than a noodle dish. Only 1/4 of the dish was noddles, so if you wanted a noodle dish, this is not it. There are most definitely better thai places in NOLA that do not have these prices. Atmosphere was very cool, but the place was SO loud due to the warehouse-ness (they need curtains and drapes to absorb the sound).I've eaten at Sukho Thai on Royal Street many times and it's been one of my favorite Thai restaurants. I usually get the Fresh Rolls and either Pad See Eew or Curry. I ordered the Fresh Rolls last night and they looked and tasted like they were made in the morning and sat on the fridge for hours. They were stale and dried out. The Noodles weren't much better. They had a burnt quality to them. It was as if the Wok hadn't been cleaned between dishes. Honestly I was very disappointed given the excellent meals I've had there before. Service was very good. Also this place is a bit pricey for Thai. I realize it's NOLA and next to Quarter but $28 for Noodles, Rolls and a regular Tea with tip is too much. Should be about $20 with tip.Moving from San Diego to NOLA, I was a bit worried I would not find a good Thai restaurant. After partying on Frechman street I saw the sign for Thai food and knew I had to give it a try. And I'm so glad I did! And I was so glad to see they had Drunken Noodles! I thought that was a SoCal thing. They even have Drunken Fried Rice, which was life changing. The also have a Curry Ramen dish which was to die! I just wish they were more aggressive with their heat. When I ask for medium I expect a little kick. I'm used to a scale of 1-10 and usually get a 7 so I guess I will get the hot next time. But will most def be back!Let me preface by writing that I love Thai food, real excellent Thai food. Sukho Thai is NOT that, not at all. I have been lucky enough to live in cities where the abundance of delicious Thai food spoiled me forever. Unfortunately, in New Orleans, we just don't have any good Thai food. Nonetheless, I occasionally crave me some vegetarian egg rolls and dirty noodles. 
BUT, not actually dirty. Oh boy.
I have sworn off Sukho Thai at least 3 times in the past. Eventually, enough time goes by that I have either forgotten how bad my last experience was or I haven't had anything remotely Thai in so long that I am desperate enough to give it just one more chance. I am hoping writing this review will remind me to NEVER, EVER eat from this restaurant again.
I have only ever dined in once and the service was wretched. I can see from the reviews below it has not improved. The last bunch of times (maybe 4 over the last 3 years) I have ordered delivery. 
First, the food is unbelievably expensive and you get neither quality nor quantity--the portions are small. Second, while they get the spice factor correct (I eat EXTREMELY spicy food), the food is otherwise not very flavorful and terribly greasy. Finally, and this is where those "dirty" noodles come in . . . there was a bug in my noodles.
A bug. In my Dirty Noodles. So sad. And yucky.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1C8nl8eBoq0The food here is good, they definitely feed your Thai craving. The only down sides I have found to this place is sometimes you go by and they are not open during what would be regular business hours and the service is usually not all that great. 
I have had my order a little messed up here a couple of times, giving me mild instead of spicy, but  it is not the worst thing to ever happen at a restaurant. I do always go back when I have a Thai craving.We had a great lunch with a Groupon.  The flavors and presentations were nice.  The portions were generous, and the scallops were perfectly cooked.  Can't say anything negative.  AND!  They were dog-friendly!Over priced, flavorless, terrible service. Everything about this place was pretentious and awful. We went to Burger King afterwards.This place seems like a half-assed attempt at an upscale Thai restaurant. 
The food is hit or miss..the waitstaff is miss and miss...The prices do nothing for me.
My girly's Garden soup tasted like it was made from cilantro, cilantro and some cilantro thrown in for good measure.
My Shrimp in a pouch was ok. Nothing special but I didn't hate it.
We shared a hot basil chicken because usually at Thai places, one meal and two appetizers are way more than we need.
Not so much here... The chicken seemed old and the cilantro was over-powering the basil (Love basil, hate cilantro). The waitress took an extra 20 minutes to bring our bill AFTER the plates were cleared...so we sat there at an empty table all that time trying to flag someone down without being too rude. Finally I just help up a hand and yelled. She didn't like that too much but such is life.
And never trust a reviewer that can "promise" you that all reviews that don't match theirs MUST be from people who never ate at a place.
Because seriously...How arrogant is that?I patronized this establishment  to experience Thai cuisine for the first time and I was pleasantly surprised.   I shared a dinner with a friend in order to cut costs but I'll probably never try that again.  As tasty as the food was, it was not enough to share for two hungry guys.  We ordered two dishes, but our individual dining styles prohibited equal portions.  One dish was a whole flash fried redfish with steamed vegetables in a pineapple gravy and brown rice.  The other dish was called Drunken Noodles with shrimp, green beans, carrots and onions in a brown gravy.  While my dinner companion devoured pretty much the whole fish, I ate the bulk of the Drunken Noodles and four of the six shrimp and some of the steamed vegetables and pineapple gravy.  I did not like having to eat from saucers instead of dinner plates because I could only get a small portion at a time and I had difficulty keeping pace with my famished friend.  I was not too comfortable either with him handling the food with his hands and his eating utensils.I ate here twice during my stay in New Orleans. First time I ordered sukiyaki and a red curry. Both were delicious, but the portion of veg and noodles to too much liquid was disappointing in the sukiyaki. I got a mango sticky rice to-go, and was surprised to find they'd forgotten to add the coconut milk and sesame seeds.
The second time I ordered a pad Thai to-go, Thai hot. All I can say is you can measure how good a Thai restaurant is by the pad Thai... Not good, all I could taste was spice.Had the Drunken Noddles today, they were off the chain!!!I like Sukho Thai. 
The food has been consistently good, and nicely presented every time I have eaten here. (Also, they offer a great selection of loose teas, which is a big deal in my book.) I usually walk away with the impression that a lot of care and attention are given in the kitchen, and I have yet be disappointed by what is put on the table. What I get in a styrofoam box for take out is another matter, but I suppose that is to be expected.
Admittedly, I am often somewhat underwhelmed by the front of house staff. Though I have had an excellent server or two, and have never had downright horrible service, I do find the general mood of their waitstaff to fall somewhere between lackadaisical at best and completely disinterested at worst. Especially during the day. I would not mind this so much, maybe, if the prices were not so steep.  I do recommend dropping in for lunch when the pad thai and drunken noodle are more reasonably priced, albeit with the caveat that those dishes are rather inferior (at least in my opinion) to the pricier entrees.
My final complaint is that they do not serve alcohol... Would be nice to have a cocktail or beer with dinner.
No matter. The place serves terrific food and the atmosphere is lovely. A nice place to drop in at from time to time.Food was excellent. The waitstaff was super nice explained everything on the menu and was just all around nice people. The herbal tea is to die for.I had a hard time even giving this 2 stars... more like 1.5.
My experience: called in a take-out order and was put on hold twice. I was told 20 minutes and the food would be ready. I got there in 20 minutes and the food was waiting for me, but was nearly cold by the time I got it home and I only had to drive 5 blocks. The restaurant only had 2 out of maybe 15 tables in use, which for a Friday evening is slow. 
At least I can say the customer service was better in person than over the phone.
Both dishes I ordered were rice-based. One had fried rice and tasted like they never clean the grill off - very burnt-residue-like. The other was a chicken dish that my friend said tasted alright, but in my opinion it was so spicy that I couldn't taste anything. The shrimp-in-a-pouch appetizer was the only well-made part of our meal. 
Overall, I had major diner's remorse seeing as I spent $45 on food that I could have made better at home (besides the shrimp appetizer - but that's not worth $45).Where should I start..... Took over 15mins to get seated...... Another 20 to get a server..... 30 for utensils/water..... Into this for over 1hr- still no food.
Smokers everywhere...rude smokers!!
Lady rolling joint next to me..  Cracked out people
Hanging out while your trying to eat. When food got here it was ok at best. Not worth the wait! To top off the night- water spilled all over me from waitress!Okay,
in the world of Thai food in New Orleans this is pretty much as good as it gets. This is why I had to give it four stars. The spice level in my partners Masman curry was wrong. Please be sure to be very specific about spice levels. Also, my Pad Kee Mao thai hot tasted like her mild. They mixed up our spice levels. The peanut sauce is rich, thick, and creamy. Also, their Thai Tea is excellent. Make sure to check hours because they close in between lunch and dinner. Also, they only deliver to the French Quarter. I loved the wide noodles. They seemed home made. The vegetables were very fresh. They even sauteed the tofu perfectly. Their chicken was a bit dry. Overall, this restaurant is the best Thai place we were able to find in New Orleans.This is not impressive thai food, by any stretch of the imagination. They have a cafe feel to the restaurant and charge fine dining prices that are hardly fitting either the place or the food.
 Delivery is offered by a third party service and they charge 20% of your order on top of the ridiculous prices. The didn't tell me what my total was, and when I asked, it was $52 (2 entrees+an appetizer) which I thought there was a mistake, so we went there and dinned instead.
 I don't think it was worth the walk and certainly not the price. I'm alright with paying for substance, but I've been much more satisfied with thai food that cost less than what this place wanted for a delivery charge.They would have gotten a 5 star rating but the service was very slow but oh was the food worth the wait. One of the best curries I have ever had. My friend lived in Thailand and wanted me to taste how great the food was at Sukho Thai. I love Indian curry and wanted to try Thai curry and Thai is way better. This was as flavorful an experience you can ever have. Between the tuna appetizer the pad and the pineapple curry I don't know which was better. I highly recommend this roller-coaster ride of taste.Great place and I do not just throw around 5 stars.  I would definitely go there again.  I read those other reviews and I can PROMISE YOU that these people have not eaten at this restaurant.  I eat thai food all the time and this was the best I have had.sukho thai's got some decent vegan options, including the drunken noodles and a so-so pad thai. the non-vegan specials are overpriced - my wife's basil / soft-shell crab dish was $24.95 - she liked it, but not at that price, especially in such a casual environment.
staff is friendly, helpful and as fast as they can be when they're shorthanded and the kitchen gets slammed.
their magazine location is palatial compared to this one in the marigny, so head there if you're looking for more of an upscale experience.This has to be the best Thai restaurant in New Orleans (although, no hate there's way better Thai in Houston).  And it's extremely vegan and vegetarian friendly.  Just be sure to specify no fish sauce and eggs (if you're very vegan, like me).  
The service here is consistently inconsistent.  Sometimes the waiters are on point, attentive, mindful and prompt.  Other times you have to more or less service yourself or flail about until a server notices you.  This is even applicable for pick up orders - sometimes the phone will ring or be busy for hours until someone finally answers.  
As for the fare - it is rather oily, so please don't come to this restaurant expecting "healthy fare."  I suspect the oiliness is what makes it so dang tasty.
The Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, and Garlic Tofu are what I tend to stick to - all magnificently delicious.  Decent portion sizes and a nice Thai kick - I love you Thai Basil - you make everything taste delicious.  I love fresh spring rolls and Sukho Thai's is passable, but it's by no means the best ever ever.  The peanut sauce could use a little work.
Also stay away from the vegetable soup.  It's awful.  Bland and just not worth the trouble of even attempting to eat it . . . 
As for the spiciness scale - Thai Hot is indeed psychotically hot hot hot, so don't be THAT GUY who tries to be a badas* and then can't finish your entree, just don't do it.  I usually get Medium Hot or Hot and I'm still sniffling with Thai food happiness. 
If you have a hankering for Thai - this is moderately priced delicious Thai food.  The best in New Orleans for me.  Love it.Sukho Thai is a little bit out-of-the-way for me, but I purchased a Groupon and I love Thai food, so it was worth the trip from the Westbank.
The service was good. Our waitress was boasting that she just made some Mango Iced Tea, so we ordered some... it was pretty refreshing, and of course, free refills (this became necessary later on).
I took the warnings from my fellow Yelpers to heart and knew to order a heat level down from my usual. Typically I go with Hot, so I ordered Medium in my chicken & eggplant curry dish. Towards the end, my eyes were actually watering. It was good, but I honestly didn't expect that from *medium*. Thank god for the mango tea.
Between the fresh rolls (served with a delicious warm peanut sauce) appetizer and one entree each, we were stuffed. I wish I had saved room for dessert, because the table behind us was enjoying something that smelled excellent.
Anyway, this was probably the best Thai food I've had in the city, but it's a little pricey and out of the way for me. I'll return if I'm in the area, but probably wouldn't make a special trip (unless I buy another Groupon...).I used to be all about this place circa 2005/6, but I've stopped thinking "They are just having an off night" when I give it another whirl, and realizing that it's just not that good. I've had two dinners here within the last few weeks, and both were disappointing. Bad service, nasty food. Turns out they had a new chef in that night, so they have my sympathies, but I don't want to take any more chances. Charred past the point of recognition satay, Nasty, burned Pad Thai and super spicy curry that we had requested MILD.So I like having this place in the neighborhood although no matter if its a busy night or not they are Soooo slow. The service is not good and it takes forever. And now they increased their pricing to a points they are overpriced. They haven't really changed their way of doing things ever... so I don't expect change but simply picking up the pace of service and kitchen would really make a huge difference. Other thai places I have been to are super fast why this one is super slow... I don't get it. Food preparation/quality is inconsistent...sometimes good sometimes average.I am happy that Courtney R.  yelped about this spot because I have really been fiending for some Thai food.  So after a visit to the aquarium we headed over to Sukho Thai for dinner.  After some right and left turns to navigate through the french quarter and we end up right on the corner of Sukho Thai.  
It is located in a great little neighborhood  and the parking is a mother and reminded me a lot of D.C.  Thankful for great parking karma, I was able to find a spot right in front of the resident.  We walked in and it was a nice French Quarter restaurant.  The pace was slow and mellow and the waiter staff was chill.
We started off with a sampler platter which contained a great shrimp pouch and vegetable rolls.  The Ahi Katsu roll was ok but really out of place.
For dinner I had chicken and shrimp Pad Thai.  You can't go wrong with Pad Thai, it is a pretty simple and traditional dish and you can pretty much measure up a Thai restaurant in one dish.  My friend had the shrimp Drunken Noodles, which she really enjoyed and a Thai Lime Tea.  I took a taste of it and quickly decided that it was not for me.
I finished the Pad Thai and was feeling very satiated.  This is a BYOB restaurant so if you want wine with dinner, bring it along.I love thai food, and living in the downtown New Orleans is sometimes difficult because I feel that it is truly  missing out on the SouthAsian cuisine. My bf and I however looked up the closest restaurant to me and Sukho Thai popped up. The inside of Sukho Thai gave off a nice, at-home feeling. There was artwork hanging all around the restaurant and dim lighting to calm the nerves (we passed through Bourbon street to get there so the dim lighting had a nice effect). The two of us split a spicy basil chicken fried rice and the drunken noodles. The drunken noodles were amazing! At a Thai hot level (which was actually plenty good and spicy!) the two dishes were an excellent choice for the evening. The service was also very friendly and offered their suggestions whenever asked. For dessert we ordered the fried bananas with ice cream which is always good. 
As a thai food lover, I will definitely be frequenting this place! :)Came here yesterday to have lunch after meeting someone who worked there to tell me it was good thai food. She said they had lunch specials. So I walked down and gave it a shot! The lunch specials are from Tuesday-Friday. Which I thought was kinda a short week to have lunch specials. I went on a Sunday. No specials on weekends isn't that Unusual. So I go into the place and the waitress was on the phone. Totally ignored me and didn't even recognize it I was standing there waiting. While the other waitress was doing side work she could have come over and seated me. So I ended up seating myself. She came over and finally gave me a menu and some water. I ordered and it took about 30 to 45 minutes for my food to come. The people that were sitting behind me ended up leaving because they didn't want to wait any longer either. I wanted to leave to I ended up getting up to talk to the waitress and ask how much longer it was going to be. She assured me five more minutes right away. (By the way I only ordered one dish-Curry noodles) 
The food came and I had no silverware to eat it. So I had to wait to ask someone who brought the silverware over. But the silverware didn't come with any napkins I had to sit and wait for someone to bring me a napkin. Then once eating I noticed I like some salt and pepper for my dish. That was not on my table. So I got it myself and went behind the counter and picked up my own salt-and-pepper because I didn't feel like waiting any longer for a one more thing. It was pretty ridiculous. I ate my food which was okay I've had better. Got up and asked for the check because I just wanted to get out of there. Made her swipe it at the counter so I don't have to sit and wait any longer. Left a small small tip and got out of there as fast as possible. I was there for over an hour when there were maybe four tables out of the whole restaurant that were seated and it wasn't busy whatsoever. Don't think I'll be coming back.I recommend the Iced Thai Lime Tea and anything on the vegetarian menu. The atmosphere inside could be improved a little, but just sit outside on a sunny day, cause the food is about perfect.Well.....  I looked forward to going to this place for months.  Even took several failed trips to find them closed.
Everyone raved so I totally thought I was in for the best thai food experience ever.  
Wrong.
It was good.  Not spectacular and certainly not worth the price I paid for the pad thai (this is my test food for thai as a crunchy roll is for sushi.  It's been a pretty indicative test.)  I felt like the flavors were all muddled together.  The noodles were over cooked and sticky.
The wait staff did alright, but as it wasn't packed at that time of night or really anywhere near it I feel like they could have done much better than just chillin talking to one another.  Our table ran out of drinks twice and had to wait after finally flagging fown a waiter another good 15 minutes to even get a water refill.  Add to it that the acoustics, lighting, and seating arrangement were meant for great ambiance but suck when you're off the street level dining and I honsetly founf the whole experience pretty bland.
Sacriledge or no I'm gonna go with a meh on this.Was so hoping to get some good pad thai here because it's located very close to my apartment and I just looove thai food...unfortunately,  it was not to be. The pad thai came in a very large portion but as a previous reviewer mentioned, it was terribly dry and not very flavorful beyond the fish sauce-y ness. Also quite expensive.  I also had their mango sticky rice which was quite yummy...but I don't foresee myself returning here for sticky rice alone.The drunken noodle dish - I had the seafood combination- was very flavorful and delicious. I ordered it with medium spice and it was perfect for my taste. My wife enjoyed her fried rice. The food experience was excellent. 
The service experience was poor. We went back to the hostess after being seated for 10 minutes without seeing a server. Once we ordered we had a very long wait for our food. I hope this was an anomaly. 
We will come back hoping for the same quality food with better service.in the search for thai in new orleans, good luck.... there are a FEW.  those who call themselves thai?  usually aren't authentic, but this place is one of the best...
fabulous variations on thai iced tea to begin with...  the spring rolls are fresh, with basil, and not deep fried.  the drunken noodles?  always win out over the pad thai.  They're hot, they have flavor, and they're filling.  I've sampled MANY dishes here, and am never disappointed.
However, nola isn't seattle (great thai there)  and the only other spot I would recommend is Singha.  both of these spots are similar, with the exception that sukho?  Is a very laid back and quiet atmosphere...  the waitstaff somewhat timid...   but I don't care, as I feel the food makes up for it...
we always order way more than we need, but having leftovers that are thai?   YUMMYWe are all from Asia and were craving some none southern food for our 5th night in NOLA. This place exceeded our expectations. It's not perfect but food had great authentic taste and even though service was slow, portions were huge and our cravings were absolutely fulfilled. 
1 block from Frenchmen street and a hole-in-the-wall vibe. Warning no alcohol served but you're welcome to pick up anything from the next door bar and bring it in.Excellent authentic Thai dishes!! I could probably eat here everyday.. 
Everything I have tried has been terrific. The Green Curry is my favorite. Get it with a side of the Indian Puff Bread, which itself is heavenly! Generous portions and decent prices... 
If you are not into curries, other choices I recommend would be: 
the Dirty Noodles, the Drunken Noodles and of course the Pad Thai. 
The Thai Iced Coffee is sinfully delicious, and the Thai Iced Tea is pretty good too. 
If you are able to save room for dessert, try the Mango Sticky Rice. Fresh fruits, rice and coconut milk... 
It's a fairly small location, but it works. Parking isn't too difficult...and being in the Marigny, it's free! The ambiance inside is pretty simple. There's some interesting local artwork that adorns the walls. 
A definite favorite of mine for sure..We stopped in here to have a pit stop during Krewe de Vieux and for a place to use the bathroom.  Neither of us were hungry, so we ordered the spring rolls as a ruse to use the lou.  It worked! Anyway, the service was slow and the rolls were dry as all F, but I wouldn't judge them for any of that, given that they were ass deep in mardi gras and likely overwhelmed by drunk asses like me and my boyfriend.
The next time I'm in the neighborhood, I will def have to pay it forward and 1) come moderately sober and 2) actually try the food.
The bathroom, as far as I can remember, is very nice, even when there is a line.  The men's room is all right, too.I had heard good things about Sukho Thai from my friends in the Marigny and Bywater. So off I went with some peeps from work on their dinner night  in the hopes of finding good Thai. I was kinda late so I only had chance to glance over the menu, and ordered the seafood Pad Thai, because I was hungry and it's a dish that you really can't screw up. 
I thought it was okay. It definitely needed to be sauced up, so I requested  some fish sauce and they brought out an assortment of sauces.  I guess this dish this evening was just ordinary for me. Nothing really bad, but also there was nothing really spectacular about it.  The scallops were tasty, but the calamari was tough and extra chewy; the shrimp was just okay. The Drunken Noodles did look pretty tasty as did some of the curry dishes I spied upon. It is a great little spot though right off of Esplanade in the Marigny. I love Thai so I'll have to go back if just to try some of the more adventurous offerings and see if I can find something better.Fantastic food, just like I'm used to at the uptown location, but service here was a million times better. I am totally converted to the Marigny location.
Spicy here really means spicy! I'm normally a 3/5 or 4/5 person, but at Sukho I stick to 2/5 on the spiciness scale.My Fiance and I went here on Saturday, and I gotta say I was majorly bummed out. We have been wanting to try this place for a while since we both love Thai food and always go to the same place. 
We got there right at 530 so they were just opening up. We were the only ones in the place, but by the end of our meal there were several people waiting on take out and a couple other tables. First, off this restaurant looked dirty, dingy and was filled with flies. We had to ask for a fly swatter just to keep them from swarming us. Our waitress let us know it was because the kitchen was hot so they propped the door open. UGH if the dining room was that infested, imagine what the kitchen was like. But I decided to put that out of my mind and order dinner anyways.
We got a dumpling appetizer that was on special. Some mixed meats and shrimp in a pan fried dumpling. The waitress said it was the best thing ever. We thought it was okay but nothing special, and the dipping sauce was just a bowl of soy sauce. So salty. For dinner I got the Kaffir lime curry which was wonderful. I ordered medium, and the waitress said "that's gonna be pretty spicy" I told her I like spicy. Later when I was eating, she came over and said "is that spicy enough for you" I told her it was perfect. I just hate being talked down to, and this lady obviously thought I was an idiot. 
My fiance go the tiger claw beef which looked pretty but he described as flavorless (yet again another recommendation from our waitress). 
Later the waitress came to box up our left overs and things. I was annoyed by her already and then when she mistakenly took us for tourists and said "have a nice night, or like we say in N'awlins, y'all come  back now, y'hear" I had to bite my tongue from telling her off. Seriously!! We are not cast members of the Beverly hillbillies, and in my years of living in NOLA I have never, ever heard anyone say that. 
That being said, overall my food was good, my fiance's was not. If I ever went again I would try the uptown location and hope for less filth, better service and better food.Once again the whole fish was delicious and so was the veggie curry and drunken noodles. I do notice though that they have cut down on portion size.I eat takeout here almost once a week. I always order their vegetable green curry with tofu. It's a huge container that you could have two dinners with or share it with someone, and it comes with rice.  Nice service.  I need to come here for dinner and have their whole fried fish.I've been to Sukho Thai in the Marigny at least ten times. My opinion about this place is affected by the fact that I think it's overpriced. If it were cheap, I would recommend it highly. But the prices are fairly high and the portions are not overly large. Don't expect to have leftovers if you order an appetizer and an entree.
The pad thai is very consistent, and good. Most recently I had the Kaffir Lime Curry with chicken and string beans and it was excellent. I don't recommend the shrimp saté, which is cooked butterfly fashion and becomes overly dried out. I also had one experience here where the shrimp smelled slightly rotten. However, I'm not sure if it were my imagination since I am not usually the one ordering this dish. (If you're wondering why I would ever go back after that, the answer is that I live right near Sukho Thai. That and the very limited Thai food selection in New Orleans.)
I don't recommend Sukho Thai if you are a stickler about service. You will find yourself waiting a long time for things that in other restaurants do not take an inordinately long time.When sukho Thai reopened we had been trying to go there for a few years now. We finally got around to go there for lunch, and I can honestly say I was disapointed. The service was not at all friendly, when we walked we were waiting to be seated when we finally just sat ourselves. The food tasted old and frozen. I would not recommend going there.MMMM...drunken noodles.  Now I'm hungry.
Great vegetarian selections; not so great with the cooling down some dishes when you're out with folks who cannot handle the heat.beware! They are running a promotion for reviewers to give them high marks. Take those recent 4- and 5-star reviews with that in mind. 
I have had decent (ok) experiences at this place before, but recently went for lunch and it was just a bad experience--horrible service, took 45 minutes to get pad thai, and then it just tasted bad (somehow thai medium = NO spice + very sweet).Amazing food! Excellent service,  our server, Witney, was super sweet, polite and efficient. ... Ordered the pad-thai and it wad one the best I've ever had; lived the abundant quantity of bean sprouts. ... my Tom-kha was amazing! Loved the cilantro accents on it. ... They were out of thai coffee, so I ordered the thai lime tea and it was very good as well. .... thumbs up for this placeFood really cool. I had the Pad Thai. I've been here numerous times, would be more if they weren't so overpriced.LOVE this place, the food is great and you can pick your level of spiciness.  Going here with a group is best to be able to share things family style.  It's BYOB, $5 corkage fee for a bottle of wine.This is a decent Thai food place. If it was one of many around town, I really wouldn't go here, especially because it's basically take-out food quality at mid-range prices.  Many of the curries seem padded with vegetables that just aren't quite right.
Of course, do I come here? Yes, I do. There's really nowhere else around for Thai food that doesn't have the same problems. Someone said something about a great place in... Mandeville? Please, no.I am not sure why so many mediocre reviews for here.  Me and the wife had the veggie rolls, and split a chicken Pad Thai.
The service was excellent, the food was even better.
Whenever we try a new spice we always go in the middle of the road.  Some places hot is not the same as others.  We did this at Sukho and it was perfect. (the wife wanted a tad less spicy).  
All around we were stuffed and it only cost $25. 
I can only vouch for the one in the French Quarter, but I would recommend giving it a shot.  
P.S. - Some of the better art we have seen in a NOLA eatery.Having a coupon from Living Social, my friend and I went to Sukho Thai the other day, and were happy we did! Neither one of us are familar with Thai food and asked our waitress Lisa Marie for help. She took time to explain the menu and gave us her favorites in all the catagories. We tried the drunken noodles, beef salad and heavenly beef dishes (had lots of leftovers). All of it was fresh and VERY good, each with it's own unique taste. Lisa Marie was an exceptional waitress, took lots of time with us. You can tell she loves her job! I will definately go back.Picked up food from here. Average thai food at best, RIDICULOUS prices. It's no wonder they don't put the prices on the online menu. I got ordered veggie spring rolls; $7.95! What I got was literally one normal sized spring roll cut into four pieces. Seriously? And thirteen dollars for some very mediocre phad thai. I will definitely never be going back here.