Best shrimp and grits in NOLA! Delicious fresh juices too. This is my fiance's second time here in two years and he still thinks it's the best he's tried.Awesome! Loved this place. Great little breakfast joint easy walk south of route 90. Easy walk from French Quarter and surrounding areas. We got the bananas foster and it was incredible. Great decorations and colorful setting that feels like how you'd expect New Orleans to feel. Highly recommend.This place deserves a special mention.. it's not really on the heart of the city (for tourists), but it's definitely a place you should mark down for one brunch at least...shrimp n grits are hands down the best we've had in the city....the juices were fresh... and for a person who has a hard time eating Omelettes, Surrey's has converted me for sure.. the lump crab omelette with the sauce was just the cure for a dull grey rainy morning...! Word of caution-the place is always full, so make sure you get there at least 30 mins before you really want to eat, just to make sure you don't starve over the delish smells that keep on wafting outIf you beat the crowd you're in. Small but that's the only negative. Everything I've tried on the menu is AMAZING! They even have vegetarian/vegan items. I always get whatever french toast special they have. I always take people who stay with me for Mardi Gras here for breakfast before we hit the parades.A short walk from my apartment I was told about a small, welcoming cafe very popular for breakfast and brunch. It did not disappoint! I had a salmon scramble with egg whites the first time i went. The second time i went i got the tofu with brown rice breakfast plate. Both meals were great!! And i was seated quicklyThis place is so great. I love the laid back atmosphere. Walked right in with our dog and were seating on the cozy wrap around porch outside. We ate here the last morning of our trip and it was the perfect ending. I stayed full long enough to get me through and 8 hour car ride home! I had the bananas foster French toast which was amazing but super rich. I couldn't eat it all because of the portion size and richness. My fiancé opted for the healthier choice of a vegetable omelet which was delicious as well. I can't wait to come back here and try something else on the menu. I will definitely try one of their famous juices next time.The food was spectacular! I got a crawfish omelet special that had avocado and brie in it!  The juice was really overpriced ($5.75 for a 12 oz glass) and honestly nothing special.  Overall, the most delicious and most expensive breakfast I've ever hadWe made our way to Surrey's one morning before checking out the WWII D Day museum (just a few blocks apart). 
They don't take reservations and we did encounter a small line.... We were seated within 10 minutes and everything was great. 
Their menu was really interesting... lots of different and things. 
We were disappointed that the juice bar didn't have any oranges to make orange juice for breakfast. 
I had the Shrimp and Gritts... wife had their Banana's Foster French Toast, neither disappointed. 
I'll be back to try some of the other things... This really is a great find just outside the French Quarter! 
Cash only too.. so plan ahead.Our group of 6 each ordered something different and everything we tried was great.  I highly recommend the banana pancake with peanut butter... It filled the plate and was enough food to feed 3 people.  Each of the fresh squeezed juices is incredibly good as well.  This is a must stop breakfast spot when you're in New Orleans.I enjoyed the small, family vibe of this healthy brunch spot. Located off the beaten path in New Orleans lower Garden District, Surrey's offers a lot of cleaner alternatives to the biscuits and gravy you'll find slopping up other breakfast menus in the area. When you want a fresh squeezed juice and a veggie-friendly bite, this place is a good bet. We got the creole baked eggs and Migas with chorizo. Both were a hearty portion served alongside corn tortillas as a gluten-free alternative! The wait time for a table was long, but the service was friendly! I'd recommend to my friends who prefer lighter fare in a clean, local-centric environment.Let me start by saying I'm from philadelphia so I've never had shrimp & grits together! It was AMAZINGGGGG. The food came out quickly and our waitress was a sweetie. Definitely worth the walk from the French quarter.Great service. Fun atmosphere. Delicious biscuits. Got the bananas foster French toast which was surprisingly light. Since got the baked creole eggs and enjoyed it.This is a great little brunch place near the WWII museum. We had a 20-30 minute wait, but it was worth it. I had the crab omelette and Julianna the breakfast grits. Julianna's was by far the best, but we enjoyed both very much.This is our go-to breakfast spot when we're back in town. I love the fresh juice offerings and the guac! We brought friends here who wanted to indulge in New Orleans bites. They liked the crab omelet and the bananas foster 
french toast. Service is friendly and can be slow, in keeping with the general vibe of the city. I'm sure it's mentioned in other reviews, but for the record: cash only (there is an ATM on premises).I had the banana foster french toast. To die for.
Husband ordered Migos-something (scrambled eggs with chorizo) equally delicious! 
Although there was a line when we arrived, our total wait time was less than 10 mins. Janet the hostess was friendly and hustled to get tables sat. I immediately became obsessed with the trendy decor and layout of what used to be a classic front porch- turned restaurant.I'm writing this review because somebody has to.
Surrey's is allegedly the best breakfast in New Orleans. Yelpers talk about it like it will change your life.
I don't understand, and I never will.
I've eaten at Surrey's three times in the past year, and each time my order has been borderline inedibly disgusting. I have eaten there with multiple dining companions, and they have all, to a man, in each instance found their own meals to be borderline inedibly disgusting. I've started to ask people I know, "Hey, have you ever eaten at Surrey's?" They always reply, "I hate that place. The food is awful."
I will offer an example. The huevos rancheros deluxe. The actual huevos rancheros base is flavorless. My over easy eggs were, in my most generous interpretation, over medium. The conservative helping of goat cheese (allegedly a main ingredient in the deluxe) was extremely low quality, smelling and tasting of goat the way very low quality goat cheese is wont to do. The lox had (surprise!) apparently been marinated in some kind of lime mixture, plus had been heated, possibly sauteed. The whole thing was *covered* in capers. Take a moment to imagine these flavor combinations. And it cost $13. 
The emperor has no clothes.Simply delicious and worth the wait. Not a super fan of their bacon, it tastes like cheap meat, but EVERYTHING ELSE is awesome. This most recent visit I had the Migas and it was fantastic. This is one of the best breakfast joints in town! 
The ambience is fun and the service is good too!I stayed in a hotel with free breakfast but this place is worth it. The grits are nice and hot and the servers are friendly. The fresh squeezed juices are an excellent compliment to the food. My daughter got the veggie omelette and was also very pleased.The first time I went to this place was yesterday!! I've lived in NOLA all my life and feel guilty that I have never come across. The food was delicious, especially the shrimp and grits. A++!!!I simply love this place, best breakfast in New Orleans by far ...... Ok so I must say more for this to be a review!!
I had banana foster French toast to die for, the shrimp and grits are perfect. Not over season with Really creamy grits & a Fresh carrot& apple juice cold and refreshing omelet with ham cheese and avocado AMAZING!!!! Diet starts soonI do not get the Surrey's hype at all. It was an incredibly mediocre meal. 
We were told a 40-minute wait around 10:45 on a Friday morning. We waited over an hour (aren't hosts supposed to overestimate wait times, not under?).
The wait wasn't worth it. For a place that boasts about their homemade breads, it's shocking they don't have better than smuckers jelly packets to pair with their baked goods. The shrimp and grits was good but not great, and the bread served with it was legitimately bad. Dry, crusty, literally just stale slices adorning the plate. My partner got a breakfast burrito - it was meh, nothing special.
I got a juice given their namesake and it tasted like concentrate!!!! It was a special, orange-pineapple-mango. I would not get a juice unless you're looking for a glass of sugar.
Bad. Skip. Go to Willa Jean's for a far superior/tastier breakfast experience.I eat here everytime I'm in New Orleans and always recommend it to friends. I can't vouch for their more lunch-y items but their brunch/breakfast stuff is AMAZING. The biscuits and gravy are one of my favorite items to get. The omelettes are so tasty and make me like boring omelettes again. Lots of condiments on the table (always a plus for me) and the service is always pretty good. Only cons (for some people, not really for me) are that its relatively small and theres always a wait on the weekends but never more than 25 minutes.30 min wait. No big deal, wandered magazine and got a Bloody Mary and a beer to go. 
Migas and corned beef hash, with a side of sausage gravy. Everything was good, well seasoned. Nothing blew our minds(Migas were marginal IMO but I'm from the tex mex capital) but it was all good. 
Service was efficient.We stopped here off a recommendation. The breakfast was really incredible and the juice was so fresh. I would definitely give this place a shot if you're in the area!We walked 1.5 miles (with an extra half a mile bc my fiance wouldn't use his navigation to walk there)  to eat the bananas foster french toast. He has been dreaming about this meal since he had it over a year ago. It was worth every step.
 I had the crab meat omelet with avocado and brie which was amazing too. The biscuit wasn't that great.
Service was fine, nothing special and the tables were a little sticky but dont let that deter you.Great local brunch spot that seems to be more popular among the neighborhood folk than the tourist crowds.  I would certainly frequent this restaurant if I lived in the area.  The setting is very low-key, the service a little on the slow side, but the food was outstanding -- certainly the shrimp and grits, and the banana's foster french toast.  I really enjoyed the combination juice -- thick, fresh and flavorful and definitely not from concentrate.
This was a gem from the lonely planet guide that lived up to expectations.
Cash only.Another visit and another amazing meal at one of the best spots in all of NOLA. 
This acquaint restaurant in the residential area of the lower garden district offers amazing juices and delicious tasty local breakfast and lunch faves. 
The service and the atmosphere are well represented of the Nola culture.I went here again last week and it does not disappoint. Please try the shrimp and grits if you go,  I promise you won't be disappointed!A refreshing oasis in the desert of fried food New Orleans serves. I ate here twice in a row for Breakfast because it was that damn good!
First off, they open at 8AM, so your best bet is getting there at 8AM. Each time I finished my meal at 9, there was an hour already to be seated. This place is pretty small, and considering how good it is, everyone wants to eat here. Do yourself a favor and wake up early to be served within a reasonable time. 
Ive had the Costa Rican and Banana Foster French Toast. Both were wonderful, but the french toast was OUT OF THIS WORLD. My god, the combination of the creamy, sweet flavors exploded like fireworks in my mouth. I didnt want to stop wating it was that good! If you want something sweet, please order this. The Costa Rican had all fresh ingredients, blended well together, left me pretty full. The rice was a little funny tasting, but I dont think I was use to how they make it. It wasnt that big of a deal mixed with everything else. I also tried some of my friend's biscuits and gravy. It was really good, even for something I normally would not order. I also tried some Boudin, which I didnt except to be on the dry side, but i twas worth checking out. 
On a side note, the art and decorations are quirky and hip, while still feelingThis café is one of my favorite breakfast/ brunch spots anywhere. The Banana Foster's French Toast is unbelievable. I loved everything about it. The toast is very soft and sweet. The banana cream inside and the Banana Foster sauce on top are incredible. They are sure to satisfy any sweet tooth. I devoured the entire dish quickly. I rank the dish as one of four French Toast dishes that are above all others. I do not even want to rank them 1, 2, 3, 4. Instead, I will rank them 1, 1a, 1b, 1c:
Top 4 French Toasts:
1. Blue Moon Café in Baltimore (1621 Aliceanna St, Baltimore, MD 21231): The Cap'N Crunch French Toast tops my list. Grinding cereal and using it to create a crunchy crust is genius. I also enjoy the fresh fruit on top.
2. Blu Jam Café (7371 Melrose Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90046): The Crunchy French Toast features a cornflake crust. It also has berries on top. I slightly like the Cap'N Crunch French Toast better because I enjoy the Cap'N Crunch crust a little more.
3. Surrey Café and Juice Bar: The Banana Foster's French Toast is on par with both. I give the other two the thinnest of margins because I love the cereal crust. Nevertheless, the banana cream and Banana Foster sauce is an equalizer.
I also ordered a side of home fries. The potatoes had excellent seasoning and a nice crunchy skin. In addition, Surrey is a juice bar. I had a fresh squeezed orange juice. Is a large, 16 ounce juice really worth $6.50? Personally, I would not normally pay for it. However, I wanted to try a fresh juice since I saw great reviews for them. It was very good. Nevertheless, it is a lot more than I would want to pay for juice. I got to Surrey at 8 AM when it opens. The place is great so the seating will fill up quickly. On a Sunday, it was almost full by the time I left at 9 AM.
4. Stanley Restaurant :Surrey's Café and Juice Bar have a slight edge with the toast and Fosters sauce. However, Stanley's additional toppings (bananas, banana chips, and vanilla ice cream) and beautiful presentation is an equalizer.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, please see If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Delicious pumpkin pancakes, great fruits and juices, friendly staff, and a cute setting.This was our first breakfast stop on our trip to New Orleans. It was great! Being gluten free and vegetarian the Migas was awesome. Maybe the potatoes were too spicy but besides that everything was so good. Try the cheesy grits. Love the decor too.Yah. Eat here. Do it. Now. The homemade bagels with the avocado mash were well worth it, as were the juices juices juices juices. This Northern boy wasn't ready for the grits...tasted like they were made with a cup of heavy cream. Delicious, but I would steer away from a large portion and stick with the small cup unless you have a deathwish.  Arrive near opening time to avoid the lines.Yea, I mean it's good but nothing to keep going back for in my opinion. If you don't eat heavy food on a daily basis this spot isn't going to make you keep going back. It's more of a treat spot. 
My husband ordered the banana fosters French toast which he loved! And I ordered the crab omelette with a biscuit. My omelette needed a tad more salt but the biscuit was phenomenal. Everything was just so heavy. I tried originally ordering the jumbo crab meat salad but I was told that they didn't have any jumbo crab. So I was stuck ordering an omelette. I'm sure if you come here for lunch the options are a bit less heavier. They do also offer a variety of fresh juices but that's not what I want to order at 8 am in the morning. I want food but the kind of food that doesn't weigh me down for the rest of the day!
Either way, the staff is very friendly and welcoming. And this restaurant has a very fun vibe to it!You know this place is great when I normally hate grits and have tried them at multiple places yet I absolutely LOVED the shrimp & grits here!!
The shrimp were totally plump and juicy and the grits were super creamy and just bursting in flavor.
The whole dish overall can be a little salty and overwhelming/heavy but it's definitely worth a visit for this dish! Best shrimp & grits I've ever had hands down.This was a gem of a find.  The biscuit and sausage gravy were too die for. It's a tight spot and a little loud but you won't care because the food is sooo good.This always happens to me.  My expectations get raised so high by the reviews on Yelp that I make the wrong decision when ordering.  Ideally I would have had a sweet and a savory, but my daughter wanted a sweet too and I had to have the Bananas Foster French Toast.  It was OK, and I'm glad that I tried it because it will inform my home-made brunch menus in the future.  But it was a crying shame that I didn't have the grits.I recommend getting the migas. We had to wait about 20 min to get a table but we had 5 people in our group. If you're looking for a lively place for brunch, check this place out :)Amazing fresh pressed juice and breakfast food. We make it a point to come here every time we are in NOLA.The next morning we were up early, filled with expectations of the new adventures in New Orleans. We decided to walk to have breakfast in Surrey, which we found on Yelp. It was a highly recommended local breakfast place. Located far from the touristy French quarters, it's a small shack-dive beloved by locals and tourists as the best in local cuisine. Even before we got there, we saw a crowd of people waiting outside. The wait for a table was 30 minutes so we felt lucky and elated to sit at the bar. We got a watermelon and jicama salad and a crabmeat omelet. I was disappointment from the first bite. The omelet was soooo rich, like it was made with cream and butter and more butter-cream on top; it made me nauseous. The salad was so plain, it felt like a joke, a few pieces of watermelon on ripped up leaves of bibb lettuce  covered with black pepper. I needed to eat something and asked for a garden salad with a poached egg. It was a poor showing with some mixed greens, a pathetically thin slice of tomato, a few cubes of huge cucumbers used for juicing and a balsamic vinaigrette mixed by finger right in front of me. The place is a tiny shack, should be filled with lovingly prepared local cuisine. It is NOT. The food, as well as the service and the ambiance are a poor showing, more hype than substance. The supposedly organic fresh juices, at $7 a pop, are not squeezed to order but poured from containers from the fridge. Freshly squeezed should be freshly squeezed. They refused to give us water with ice. How can you not give people water when its so unbearable hot outside? We paid more for our breakfast than a top French restaurant in New York and I walked away hungry and disgusted.Definitely a local joint. The atmosphere is great with local art all over the walls. Service was excellent! And the food...OMG so amazing! Wish we had one back home!If you came to Surrey's Cafe and didn't order the shrimp and grits, did you really even go? 
Two of my friends went to Surrey's TWICE in a four-day trip just for the shrimp and grits. It was definitely not your average dish. Lined with small toasts around the bowl, infused with bacon bits, and creamy, thick grits with perfectly proportioned shrimp, every bite was truly an experience I did not want to end. I wanted to eat it all up while at the same time savor every last bite. 
It was extremely filling, but I also tried a bite of the pain perdu, which was divine as well. 
Bearing in mind the second part of the name, "juice bar," and they are apparently the first juice bar in New Orleans, according to their menu, I wanted to try a juice out myself! I combined apple, carrot & ginger and felt simply refreshed. The ginger is pretty strong. Great to wash down all the food you just consumed!
Service was excellent and we experienced friendly staff. It's cute and diner-y inside with a lot of NOLA trinkets on the walls. Long lines on the weekends, but luckily we were seated right away on a Tuesday morning. After a weekend of eating, Surrey's was the perfect way to end our NOLA trip.Came here on a Saturday morning around 10:30. I'm guessing Saturday's are busier than other days, but not sure. The wait was about 1/2 hr but certainly worth it. I had the shrimp and grits and highly recommend. The sauce was nothing like what I expected- in a good way! So delicious. The atmosphere is nice- small and down to earth feeling. Definitely worth the wait, but I would try it on a weekday first to see if you can get in sooner- waiting in the summer heat is no fun!This hidden gem was exactly what I needed after 3 straight days without a good breakfast or legitimate breakfast food. The bananas foster French toast looked amazing from afar, but I had the Montana plate (two eggs, biscuit and sausage gravy, two sausage patties, two slices of ham, three bacon strips, and home fries). My gf had the most popular - for a reason - shrimp and grits. Both dishes were amazing. Her grits were creamy and the shrimp cooked and seasoned perfectly. The sausage gravy was spicy enough, but I still added some Crystal sauce for that extra sump'n. The sausage was legit sausage, not some pre-made in a factory to be the same flat shape sausage. This sausage was molded by hand. Just amazing. But enough of reading. Just grab your cash, find what loose change you have in your couch cushions or under your car seats (cash only place) and get to Surrey asap!!!My wife and I went to Surrey's on a Monday morning for brunch around 10:00 AM. There was a wait of about 10 minutes.
I ordered the Scrambled Eggs with Salmon. It was delicious, though for my taste it could have used more capers. My wife had the Bananas Foster French Toast and loved every bite of it. The fresh OJ was ridiculously fresh (as expected) and lived up to our high expectations.
We walked to Surrey's from the Hilton (located "Riverside", just outside of the French Quarter.) Although an easy walk, we passed through the slightly sketchy Highway 90 underpass. Otherwise, our walk was nice. The few houses we saw walking into the Garden District were pretty cool: it's called the "Garden District" for a good reason. If you are visiting New Orleans (as we were), I recommend taking the walk. (Consider stopping by the World War II museum on the way back if you are staying near the French Quarter!)
Unassuming and standing among beautiful Garden District houses, Surrey's has a unique neighborhood diner ambiance. Surrey's was likely once a typical residence; today the kitchen takes up the original first floor and the dining area appears to have been a  patio or porch (it's now all enclosed and interconnected now.) Seating is tight and the walls are decorated with knickknacks. Don't expect fine dining - expect great food.Shrimp and grits are one of the best dishes I have ever had.  Very friendly staff.  We will definitely go back next time in NOLA.Probably made the bad decision of coming here for lunch. Looking at the reviews here, should have tried it out for breakfast. Anyways, figured I'd let others know not to waste their money ordering any of the lunch sandwiches. I seriously think a place like Panera or Potbellys does a better sandwich.We ate there last Friday. We arrived a little after opening and had no wait. We ordered what many have recommended. the Migas w/ Chorizo and the bananas foster french toast. Both were delicious and well worth the money. The wait staff were very professional and the art on the walls is interesting. We will definitely be back.The shrimp and grits is amazing! The grits were perfectly cooked, there were more than just the 6 shrimp you tend to see in other places, and the sauce is absolutely amazing! Creamy and fresh seafood taste! Bacon on the bottom was the perfect consistency and the French toast was just what was needed to catch the extra sauce.You have not lived until you have tried their Bananas Foster French Toast.  My wife and I agreed that it was probably one of the single best food items we have both ever tasted!  
No trip to NOLA is complete without stoping by and trying this stuff!  I have told friends and family about this place and we will be sure to return on our next visit. Mmmm...so damn good.Da bomb!!! The wait is worth it. The place is very small and intimate. Food was delicious.long long long wait but the food was good.  I had the shrimp and gritsThank u for feeding me some healthy food! I love all the fried food in New Orleans but there comes a point for me, that I need something fresh and that is why I love Surrey's. After a night, well morning out we came in for a late brunch to Surrey's. Fresh carrot juice, salad, crab cakes and eggs. Yes I know crab cakes are fried, but everything else balanced out my meal.Great bagels and fresh juice!  Beware: large portions!  We ordered too much food!  Oatmeal was piping hot with fresh fruit. The banana pancake was HUGE and good too!Yummo! I'm in love with the migas (add chorizo) and fresh juices. It's one of my favorite brunch places solo or with friends. Try sitting at the bar if the wait is a bit much and see the magic happen behind the counter.the french toast is the best desert i have tried and my boyfriend loves the shrimp very much.Excellent food; so so service. Ordered multiple dishes just to try them all ($80/3ppl/ 5dishes and a carafe) Bananas foster and shrimp and grits are amazing. Also tried crab omelette and huevos rancheros deluxe which were top tier. As for the service, we were told we would have to wait longer for seats at the bar because our third party had not arrived yet although we were ordering and paying for their food as well. Somewhere during the meal servers swiped utensils and a cup before we were done with them. Also swiped a plate with extra sauce while we wet trying to box leftovers and then wanted to charge us a dollar for the same sauce when asked for more lol. Felt rushed out, maybe because there was a wait. Will try the other location next time.You have 300+ other reviews to read about this place. Not sure why you're taking the time to read mine, but I'm glad you are so here's what I have to say about it, without trying to take too much of your time:
-waited about 20 minutes for a tiny tiny table for 2
-I ordered the Ranchero Eggs  (Mexican style incase you did not know). I am Latina. I KNOW how to make some good damn Mexican style eggs
-Took them about 25 minutes to bring it to us.
-I asked for the eggs over easy. They brought them to me scrambled. That's a no-no.
-They took it back and brought me my right dish. By this time, my boyfriend has finished his breakfast.
-Too expensive for what it is. I can make it better for less.
-THE JUICES ARE LIKE $5+ WHAT?!?!?!?!?!
-I REFUSE TO PAY 5 DOLLARS FOR ORANGE JUICE. NO WAY JOSE. 
-Won't be back. But I might give the uptown location a try. Still don't like their prices.Although we came on a Sunday, there was, thankfully, no wait! The male hostess was nice enough...
First impressions: A reclaimed property turned restaurant, decorated with arts and crafts from local artists. Some art appears to be for sale. Food is quickly an steadily parades out of the kitchen. The food looks and smells amazing. The servers are young people, dressed in a variety of jeans and tops. There are eight 4-top tables and five 2-top tables. Everything is artsy fartsy and eclectic. Pretty low key and casual, perfect in this laid back part of town. The food is imaginative and tasty.Checked this place out with our host in New Orleans, and boy was it a treat...  On a Friday morning, this place filled up FAST, so if you plan to come, get there early in the morning!  Fast, friendly service, eclectic homey restaurant feel, I was excited to try the food:
Biscuits and mushroom gravy - Biscuits are pretty good but not quite as fluffy as I'd like, and the mushroom gravy, while tasty, was a bit salty.  Decent, but I wouldn't order this next time...
Corned beef hash - Freshly made corned beef, diced potatoes, seasoned perfectly.  Very tender, and an excellent choice to try...
Shrimp and grits - Wow.  Seriously wow.  Grits tend to be bland and not very good unless you can dress them up properly, and this place dresses them up properly.  The savoriness of the grits, perfectly cooked shrimp... Best choice at the restaurant out of the three things we tried!
Verdict:  Phenomenally fresh food, excellent friendly service, worth finding your way to in order to get some breakfast!YES!!
MUST HAVE!
1. Banana Foster French Toast
2. Shrimp and Grits!
They managed to somehow get bananas fosters INSIDE the French toast so when you cut it it's creamy oozey and so beautifully delicious! MUST GET!
The shrimp and grits has a barbecue style touch to it along with bacon and cuts of bread as you can see in the photos!
If you're a couple between 130-175 pounds this should definitely fill up the both of you!
Best breakfast spot so far!Solid egg and bacon breakfast with the home fries being a stand out.  Had a tasty orange/carrot/apple juice to accompany it.  Best part is probably the location in the charming Lower Garden District neighborhood.Excellent cafe. I had the crab omelet and it was too die for.  My daughter had the breakfast burrito and she totally loved it. My husband had banana foster French toast and he was literally licking the plate. Great service and very friendly staff.Amazing food! Shrimp and grits and corned beef hash were delicious. Reasonable price for very good food! 
Don't be intimidated by the host, she's really nice lol.AMAZING food.  Cute little place.  Fresh squeezed juice (I had apple juice with a "shot" of kale juice in it....delicious).  I had the eggs benedict, and husband had the shrimp and grits, which is just to die for.  The sauce with the shrimp and grits has a nice kick and flavored well with rosemary.  And I'm pretty sure the grits were made with heavy cream.  Husband couldn't finish, and that is saying something!
Absolutely loved it here.The food was awesome and so was the service.  I would suggest the Banana Foster French Toast.Delicious! Short wait, but the food was more than worth it. Good decor, nice staff, all together a great experience.Omg. The shrimp and grits were amazingly rich and flavorful. The bananas foster french toast were flaky and sweet goodness. So glad I tried them for the first time. Service was excellent and the overall vibe friendly. A must when visiting New Oreans in the garden district!We took the St Charles car from near Canal to a few blocks from Surrey's.  We thought it would be a good trip to go shopping on Magazine St. Went on a  Monday and got a table right away.
Noticed on menu when we got there no cards accepted, had to use the ATM.  Ordered delicious mango-pineapple-orange juice, delish and needed some Vitamin C after the hectic trick.
He ordered the Boudin, eggs, biscuit, potatoes....good.  I ordered pulled pork, poached egg benedict dish, perfect perfect!  Couldn't eat it all as it was a hefty portion and filling.
Great service, great place, will be backVacationed in New Orleans for 7 day's and this was the best Breakfast Ever!!!  Miga's were perfect.  Great service- thanks Matt and Stephan!!I LOVE breakfast and I love southern food, the former is plentiful in SF but the latter isn't.
Surrey's ranks near the top of my breakfast rankings.  I had the boudin biscuit and grits plate and it was sublime.  Staff is awesome and the pricy juice is worth every penny.  The fresh orange-pineapple-mango juice was excellent but I doubt that locals consider $6 a good deal.
Surrey's is a must eat for any trip to NOLA.Ok, seriously the best breakfast I've ever had! Totally enjoyed the scrambled eggs w salmon, cream cheese & capers...delishthe grits were the best I've EVER tasted, my husband doesn't care for grits and he liked them :) He had the banana foster French toast, sooo good. We will be back for sure!!I would consider converting to Islam, if it were the only way I could ever eat Surrey's Bananas Foster French Toast ($9.75) again. (I'm sort of Buddhist.) After eating a piece of this gorgeously quartered, super air-y, banh mi-like masterpiece--which rested on this PG-13 wet dream-sauce of rum, brown sugar, and butter, and dusted with white powder--I almost started crying. Like, when Scar clawed Mufasa's paws on that cliff and then savagely watched his brother get trampled to death by a heard in the Lion King-crying.
But happy crying. Not sad crying. So there's a better analogy here...
Each bite reminded me of the first time I lost my virginity. (TMI?) "Is this happening? Is this REALLY happening, and am I using protection (napkins)?" my mind asked. Immediately soon after the self-questioning, my brain answered its questions: "Yes, Jonathan, their naughty French toast took you to this part of your sub-conscious." Oh my goodness. How did I not blackout?  
Then I wanted more with Surrey's. Not a fling, but a full-out relationship, which would include hand-holding and love themed memes. So I ate their Shrimp and Grits ($13.25).
"JEE-SUUS! Hashtag blessed." --Bruno Mars.
The grits, smooth and creamy as a light-skinned baby's ass, probably ranks as the best I've ever put in my mouth. (It doesn't hurt they garnished it with savory bacon, freshly chopped green onions, and homemade croutons.) Also, the Gulf shrimp didn't taste frozen and oozed juices with each chomp of flesh and had enough Cajun kick.
My boo ate their Crab Meat Omelette ($12.95) and loved every bite, too. I believe she said she's never had a better omelet. 
They also have fresh vegetable and fruit juices:
-Carrot, apple, orange, grapefruit at $5.25 and $6.50 for a 12oz and 16oz, respectively. 
-Kale, celery, beet, or cucumber additions for .55 cents. 
-Ginger for $1.05. 
Everything tasted great, but it's rare I find a healthy juice super memorable. (Fresh squeezed juices usually taste excellent, yet the same, every time.
OVERALL: Don't mistakenly order the wrong dish, aka something not special, at this legendary NOLA eatery. Only order off of the Local Favorites section of the menu, which consists of the three dishes I mentioned above. And guess what? My boo and I ate them all like gangstas. (Cash me inside eating all da calories. How bout dat?)
It was the best American breakfast of my life, and I'm not embellishing.Always busy but always worth the wait! Food is always fantastic! The servers are unique and friendly. Everything is fresh and perfect.I live nearby in New Orleans and have been to both Surreys locations multiple times. The food is delicious but I had the absolute worst customer service experience today. 
We were seated after a reasonable wait, but then no server came to our table for 15 min. Then I got up and told the hostess at the front that a server had not come to our table since we sat down. She said okay, then we waited 5 more minutes and still no server came. Then we got up and left. I was so disappointed.Amazing clean healthy local breakfast! Was a little bit of a wait but definitely worth it!Omg this place! I try and go every time I'm in town. Everything packs a super impressive flavor I didn't know could occur from dishes I've tried so many times before! Try everything!Shrimp and grits was the best dish. The French toast with bananas foster was also amazing but if you can only get one dish shrimp and grits is it!Good cofffee...
Great service, a small cramped restaurant. Crab omlette was delightful, perfect poach eggs with corned beef hash, needed to caramelize with potatoes and onions a bit more before serving. 
French toast was old school with real loaf french bread soaked and pan fried in butter. Great. 
Biscuits were hard and lacked that soft fluffy interior I enjoy. 
Fresh squeezed grapefuit juice, fresh and cold.
Shrimp and grits to die for. 
T BertMigas with chorizo and avocado and fresh squeezed orange juice!! Totally hit the spot. Delicious biscuits and potatoes!!