I came in for breakfast today. 
A solid breakfast option uptown in a cozy dining area (outdoor seating is also available).  I was seated promptly at the bar and within minutes, the place was packed.  
The place was bright, open and inviting - very desirable for a weekend breakfast.
I had the freshly squeezed orange juice (next time I'm going to try the carrot), coffee and the huevos rancheros. The Surrey's variation of this classic Mexican breakfast was topped with a rich mole sauce which complemented the tortillas, beans, and eggs perfectly.   The sauce didn't taste homemade - but hey who said Chef Rick Bayless was in the kitchen? Enjoy it for what it's worth.  
Service was fast and efficient.  I'm not too worried about the friendly part.  Breakfast-time is usually too early for all that.Great Yelp reviews and on Dinners, Drive-ins and Dives. Had to try it out. Decided on their uptown location to avoid a wait. We had a fantastic breakfast!  The wife had the scrambled eggs with salmon and I had the crab meat omelette. Both were excellent. We couldn't believe how fast it was from ordering to being served.This place was as good as it gets. Worth the trip for breakfast regardless of where you are staying in NOLA. Staff was great, prices were great, and all four of us loved every bit of everything we ordered. The Country Fried Chicken with eggs and maple praline bacon was heaven. My wife ordered peanut butter & banana stuffed pancakes that were also to die for. Would go back in a minute. Awesome, awesome breakfast.They make their own fresh juices which you can blend to make your own creation. I had the carrot, orange and apple juice which was lovely. We all ordered different dishes and tried a bit of each. Mine was the Miga- scrambled eggs mixed in with all sorts of delicious goodies including crispy tortilla chips. The Count had the huevos rancheros deluxe which included smoked salmon. He absolutely loved it! I on the other hand didn't like the mixture of the black beans and the smoked salmon. Smoked salmon to me is best served with cream cheese, capers and onions. However, to each their own I guess. The best part of the meal had to be the stuffed banana french toast which was truly like to no other I've ever tasted. The mixture of flavors and the rich sauce was to die for. 
They have a really large selection and I definitely will have to go back to try out the rest. If you ever happen to be in New Orleans definitely check this place out for breakfast/brunch- if one is busy (which I guarantee you it will be) there are always two locations: one Uptown and the other in the Garden District. 
See my blog for full post:
http://hungrynomadeats.blogspot.com/2012/01/surreys-uptown-new-orleans-usa.htmlGreat breakfast place. The breakfast burrito hit the spot, as did the stuffed french toast and the egg dishes. Service was quick and efficient, and they also allowed you to bring in alcohol from the bar next ddor (although we resisted the temptation). There are plenty of vegetarian options, and all of the food was fresh.
Perfect start to the day.We love this place as a special treat for breakfast. I always get the banana pancakes but my wife loves the shrimp n grits, huevos rancheros and the breakfast nachos.
The fresh juice is amazing as well. Since it was beautiful weather outside we chose to eat outside. Love this place!The hostess was unbelievably RUDE!!! She seems to choose who is seated in an  order other than who arrived first. I waited next to the sign that said "wait here to be seated" and meanwhile, she wandered down the street and started putting people on the sidewalk on the list. I can't remember a time when I experienced such poor customer service. 
Definitely not worth the wait. The food is average. You could definitely find better brunch spots Uptown. Do yourself a favor and go to Slim Goodies or Satsuma.Great location with outdoor seating under shade. The options are plentiful. The corned beef hash was really good. My only criticism is that when it says hash browns don't expect shredded but rather cubed potatoes and not many at that. Everyone else with me really enjoyed their breakfast and we plan to return for sure.Amazing banana foster French toast! Would travel all the back from California to eat this! Staff is super friendly as well!!Again, I would consider myself a foodie... I give Surrey's five stars because it truly earns five stars! The hostess could of smiled more but besides that the service was great both times we went as was the food! We went to Surrey's for the first time on 5/6 and again on 5/7 because we enjoyed our meals that much. I ordered the same thing both days, I got the migas with no chorizo and a biscuit. The biscuits were some of the best I have ever had, freshly baked, light and delicious! The migas was delectable, I highly recommend it. Get it with chorizo if pig is your thing! We also ordered a side of mushroom gravy which was savory, flavorful and scrumptious (we ordered it both days just for our biscuits we loved it so much!!) My other half ordered a crawfish omelet the first day which he said the crawfish sauce was amazing and there were big chunks of real crawfish in it. He also said the grits were by far the best he's ever had. The second day he ordered the migas with no chorizo but had lump crab added (not on menu but they accommodated this request with a smile) he too thought the migas was delectable. The homefries were nothing to write home about but the other parts of the breakfast made up for what the homefries were lacking. Another great thing about Surrey's is the fresh squeezed juice. We tried a grapefruit juice with ginger the first day (some of the best and freshest grapefruit juice ever); on the second day a lemonade with ginger and limeade. Overall, Surrey's is a great place to eat, although very small, the food was flavorful, well-prepepared, well-cooked!!! Keep up the good work!!! :)Great food!! We went two days in a row because it was simple delicious food. The first day I got the bananas foster French toast and my boyfriend got the egg sandwich special. Wow the French toast was incredible and the sandwich we pretty darn tasty too. I was worried the French toast would be too sweet but it was the perfect amount of richness. We also got a side of cheese grits which were unbelievably smooth and creamy and some dang good fresh oj. 
When we went back today I got a BLT with an egg on it and my boyfriend got the breakfast burrito. Both were good. One thing that distracted us from our tasty food was the heat inside the place. We went later in the afternoon today so maybe that's why it was hotter than yesterday. But they just had two ceiling fans that didn't do much. I Would give this place 5 stars if not for the heat. Servers were pleasant and over all a good experience   Just be sure to go in the morning during the summer.Normally I have good food and service here, but today was pretty disappointing. The homefries and omlette came to us cold, and the spinach and foccacia sandwich was soggy and flavorless with unmelted cheese. Service was slow and apathetic.Best breakfast we had in New Orleans. Great vegetarian and vegan options.We enjoyed a late Sunday brunch here today. The food was amazing and the staff were extremely friendly and attentive. We brought our 12 month old baby and they brought a nice, clean and study highchair, which many restaurants in Nola are lacking. They brought us sliced avocado, plain grits and a slice of cheese for him right away and he couldn't have been happier. I had the shrimp and grits, which were a tad spicy and very flavorful. Would definitely get that again. The fresh squeezed juices are delicious and the coffee was also very good. We will be coming back here very soon!Great place for breakfast!  We had a party of eight so decided to get there when they opened so we wouldn't have to wait for a table.  Great service and very good food.  This will definitely be on the regular rotation when we are in New Orleans.Came here on a whim and this is definitely one of my new favorite breakfast spots in the city. Very flavorful food and wonderful coffee. The atmosphere is fun and the service is great! The crabmeat omelette is to die for and the Migas is actually done perfectly! Can't wait for our next visit!Surrey's fans who live Uptown will be pleased to know you no longer have to drive all the way to the ass end of Magazine for a tasty breakfast and fresh-squeezed juice.  Surrey's Uptown occupies the former Fuel space, and it's working well for them; the outside tables are well-shaded and still quiet enough to be enjoyable.  The inside space is sunny and relatively roomy.
The food, beverage, and service are comparable to their counterparts at the original location (in order: pretty good, really good, and ehhh).  You're ordering from the same menu, which is nice, although it would be neat if the Uptown place developed some new dishes to call their own.
Try the migas (con chorizo), the banana pancake with peanut butter, or the especially tasty house-made breakfast burrito, and wash it down with pretty much any fruit juice you could think of.They still don't take card or split checks, which is fine unless you have a group. Also, most of the food is relatively greasy and will upset your stomach half way through it.I can't say enough good things about this place. It is my FAVORITE brunch place and I love the casual environment. The food is nothing sort of exceptional every time. I take my friends and family here whenever they visit. I've yet to be disappointed and I don't think I ever will be. This is such a great establishment.Never have I ever had a negative experience at Surrey's. My roommate and I have been on a brunch hunt since we moved to New Orleans and sadly it's not going so well because we always end up back at Surrey's. Their willingness to make anything vegan and their giant banana pancake make Sunday mornings worth waking up for. 
One last thing: best grits I've ever had.Stopped by for brunch with my sister and her fiancé. I had huevos rancheros deluxe. They were really good, very colorful and flavorful. Interesting combination of salmon, goat cheese, and... mole! It was awesome.
Served surprisingly fast.Went here for the first time a few days ago, and it was great stop. We heard so much about the shrimp and grits, so that was what we ordered. It was super delicious, and the portion size was on point. I am an huge fan of shrimp and grits, so I have had this dish at many places & can be a little picky. I've no problems with this one, but I will probably try other things next time I go here. Everyone should make a stop here because it looked like there is something for everyone to try.
Update-08-02-14:
Came here again and tried the Banana Foster French toast. I totally understand the rave for this dish. It had great flavor, and if I was really letting myself loose, I'd order it every time I came here. This is definitely a large portion for one person - unless you're like me & can stomach almost any portions! If you do order it, I'd make sure you can finish it bc its just too good to let it go to waste (or to-go).Hands down one of the best meals I had in NOlA
The absolute best shrimp and grits and the best French toast 
Can't say enough how much I loved this place!I was very skeptical about the grits and shrimp breakfast. But since I wanted to try a very local New Orleans dish, I decided to give it a shot. You have no idea how good this is! I highly recommend this place. The restaurant has a cool vibe and the service is very friendly and fast. On my next NOLA visit, I will definitely stop by here again.  It changed my life.Went a few years back and there were roaches on the wall and one in my water cup. I wont be backThank God I don't live near this place, I'd be obese. Had the shrimp and grits since everyone recommended it so highly. It was the best thing I think I've ever had. I kept eating it way after I was full. Worth the wait, just go for a walk and try to walk off the calories your about to consume.Delicious fresh mango, orange and pineapple juice. The fluffiest biscuits in NOLA. Their home fries and nicely seasoned but not overly spicy. The maple sausage patties served are a generous portion and the grits are good southern style. Not clumpy but creamy. I don't eat them but my husband reported.I really like this place a lot - very good breakfasts, nothing terribly extravagant, but damn filling and good.  A pleasant staff, good ambiance.  I would not travel great distances to get here, but it is a good local establishment.I couldn't be more pleased with Surrey's.  Avocado pesto sandwich and tofu scramble were both excellent.  Vegan and vegetarian options are marked on the menu.  Reasonably priced.  Only complaint is they only accept cash.All you really need are the shrimp and grits. Maybe two orders because that ish is so damn good. Get yourself a glass of their fresh pineapple mango orange juice too.
I've attempted to come to Surrey's every time I visit NOLA, and every single time there was a wait of over 1 hour for parties of +4. However, on my 4th attempt, I only waited 5 mins since it was just 2 of us.
BTW, cash only.Love the food! Hate the ambiance! A shame coz i like the food here. Such a turn off when my waiter is wearing his shirt inside out. Makes me question hygiene. I get that this is a cafe but dont need to look like you just rolled out of bed and came to work.I had friends from out of town and we were looking for a late brunch spot. By the time we left the house, it was past 2:30 p.m. We poked our head in at Surrey's at 2:45 and asked if we were too late. We were greeted by friendly servers who assured us that we were not too late. The lady that was rude the past week was nowhere to be seen.
There were four of us and we would have had to wait 15 minutes till the next table becomes open, so we asked if we could put together two tables for two and they allowed us to do this. We sat down and agonized over the menu, because everything sounded great.
K ordered shrimp and grits because she had been wanting to try it ever since I explained to her what it was. L ordered the bananas foster french toast, T the fried chicken with biscuits (special), and I got the Costa Rican breakfast with chorizo.
T and I went on a hunt for bloody marys while our food was being prepared. We came back and soon the deliciousness arrived at our table. Everything was fantastic. L and T loved K's shrimp and grits so much that they wanted it for brunch the next day. Needless to say, K cleaned her bowl. Next, the bananas foster french toast was to die for. L kept saying it was like she was eating cake for breakfast. It was absolutely delightful. The fried chicken and biscuits was awesome, and I really enjoyed my Costa Rican breakfast. The chorizo was very good.
I can't wait to go back. I'll just make sure to go early or really late so I can avoid the line.Bananas foster french toast.  I'm not sure I need to say anything else, but I will! 
Found Surrey's Uptown thanks to Yelp and we weren't disappointed! It's a quaint, little cafe with such fresh and delicious food! Definitely a must for any trip to New Orleans. It was so good that my husband and I went twice in our sorry vacation. Nothing else could compare! 
Bananas foster was definitely the breakfast star, and limeade for the drink.
Note: they are cash onlyWhat a great breakfast find.  Be warned that it's cash only but there is an ATM inside.  Great place to enjoy breakfast and then have a brisk walk down Magazine.
We ate here twice during our stay and enjoyed the Costa Rican Breakfast, Pain Perdue, and sausage.Banana Pecan Pacake definately worth a try! It is very big and is good for 3-4 parties to share. Also the shrimp and grits is very delicious!Figured it was a good sign that I tried at least two times before I finally made it to get a table at this place. The crowds were right. I rarely expect a restaurant that survives in New Orleans to be disappointing, but this place is amazing. I ended up getting a hangover breakfast of an (excellent) bloody mary and their corned beef hash. Cholesterol on a plate but sometimes that's what you need. They finally take credit cards too, which is a welcome change from what I've heard. 
The building is a converted old house with all the architectural charm that entails. The layout is a little weird because of it but it makes for a nice dining environment on the inside with a full bar in what used to be the parlour or living room and the side rooms used for either the kitchen or dining space. The porch seating is a very nice touch, as is the seating set up in what used to bhe the front yard. It makes for good people watching on what is a relatively quiet residential-ish section of magazine street.
The one recommendation I can make is for you to get here "early", before 10:00 on a weekend otherwise the post revelry-crowd will have you standing in line, bloody mary in hand, waiting on a seat. But sometimes that's not a bad thing.Decent breakfast. Banana pancake was HUGE!! I had the Montana plate, and the gravy was delicious. The hash browns have a spicy, crunchy outside. The grits are delicious. I've tried the crab and avocado omelet, but I'm just not a fan of the Brie cheese. Overall, it's good.We went here for Sunday brunch... The food was great, but the service was mediocre at best. The hostess skipped over us on the list, the servers were inattentive, and the food service was extremely slow. Then again, the food was delicious :)This was my first dining experience with Surrey's and it was awesome! The food was cooked to perfection, with dish setups appealing to the eye (and camera of course!) The staff is very friendly and the food was cooked REALLY fast! There was no need to tweak or add anything to my meals; it was THAT PERFECT. I enjoyed every bite and will be returning. I tried the Shrimp and Grits along with the Banana French Toast... Highly recommend!!!I've been to the original Surrey's so when I saw there was one close to the area we were staying at, I had to bring my cousin to my favorite French toast restaurant. I feel like this restaurant is smaller than the original one but maybe it was because they closed off the patio due to the bad rainy weather. Because of the weather, we were able to walk in right away without waiting in line. 
We ordered the shrimp and grits and of course, the banana foster French toast. I never really like grits but hands down, Surrey's has the best shrimp and grits. If you're in the mood for a savorier dish, get this. If you're in the mood for something sweet, get the French toast. You can't go wrong with either dish. Top it off with juice or coffee and your morning will be complete. 
Just come here and check it out yourself. You won't be disappointed.Oh my goodness! This is easily one of my top 5 favorite places to eat in NOLA now. The crabmeat omelette is heavenly. Do yourself a favor and get some fresh juice too. It's BYO, but they are cool with you bringing it in. Highly recommend!!!OK any place that has a celebrity waiting list is alright in my books (I went with Polanski because my wife is Polish and I couldn't think of anything else). The food and coffee were good to better, the service was very good, nice crew, sweet location in a house in a quieter part of Magazine street, really worth the effort to escape some NOLA craziness, if that's appealing - which is it to most, especially those in the French Quarter. We'll go back.Walked a mile to grab breakfast on a Sunday morning around 8. After perusing the menu, I decided on the Montana breakfast. Man, I should've worn sweatpants. Biscuits in a spicy gravy, ham, bacon, sausage, two fried eggs, and some home fries make for a full belly. I waddled around for an hour long walk before taking a nap. 
10/10 would eat there again. Maybe I'll go for the Costa Rica breakfast. Much more healthy option.I'm always so disappointed when I come across a place with crazy good reviews and it just doesn't live up to the hype for me. 
Food: I got the egg plate with home fries and added a side of gravy and cheese to my eggs. The cheese was $1.50 to add and there was hardly any there. The side of grave was $4. FOUR dollars for a side of gravy. The potatoes were decent, but those were roasted seasoned potatoes, not home fries. Not even by a stretch should they be called home fries. My biscuit was thick, but so hard I couldn't cut it with a knife and it bent my fork. That is not an exaggeration. And my can of coke was $2.50. My husband got the shrimp and grits. This is a dish that everyone raves about and he said it was delicious. Maybe they only put real effort into their specialties, I dunno. But his was awesome and my was lacking in every way. 
Price: I feel like this place is somewhat overpriced, but mostly for the a la carte items. My meal was $6 and change for 2 eggs, home fries, and a biscuit. Pretty decent price. But then add $1.50 for cheese (again, not a bad price but there was hardly any), $4 for gravy (seriously?? 2, maybe even 3 but even that's pushing it. But four dollars? Nah, not worth it, it's not even that good), and $2.50 for a can coke (cmon), my meal was about $15. Not horribly overpriced, but the food quality just wasn't there. His meal was like $12, which I feel was fair. 
Atmosphere: Good atmosphere overall. Plenty of seating, open and airy with outside seating available. 
Service: When we walked up, a guy pointed out two tables to us and told us to take our pick. So, not the wait we were anticipating (yay). Then we sat for almost ten minutes waiting for our drink orders to be taken. Then after about ten more minutes, someone else took our food order. She checked on us regularly after that and was quick with the check. So kinda slow at first but then it was solidly average.
At one point a fight broke out between kitchen workers that caused the restaurant to come to a standstill. Come on guys, you're adults. Leave that shit out of your workplace. Seriously. 
Overall, I'd come back and try it again. But I'd stick with more specialty-type items and stay away from any additions. Not crazy impressed, but it wasn't bad enough to keep from giving it another go.My friend and I stopped by Surrey's on our way out of New Orleans, we were so happy we found this place as we didn't necessarily enjoy our stay in the city but Surrey's made it better. I got the scrambled eggs with salmon, but I decided to get them poached, delicious! My friend ordered the Cuban sandwich but they were out of the pork so she proceeded to get the stuffed crab eggs (I forgot the name) regardless, we loved the food, the feel, the area, the cute little restaurant! My one complaint, our server did not ask us if we would like anything else she just sat down our check as it appears she was busy, but other than that, everyone we encountered was very nice. If I'm ever back in New Orleans I will stop by and eat here! Thank you Surrey's for providing an enjoyable meal with an enjoyable atmosphereReally really yummy breakfast. Biscuits and gravy were bomb and we could not stop eating the monstrous banana pancakes. All thumbs up. Service was very friendly as well. Note that it's cash only but they have an ATM on the premises.most excellent as always.  I love this new location.  I like the fact you can sit outside, you can even sit on the porch with your dog, a very well behaved dog indeed.  
the trees, the coffee, and yummy soup today, the chili bean and turkey... and also the wonderful spicy butternut squash.   loved my grilled spinach and foccacia sandwich.  impressive.
I will be back, again and again, because I love this new location.  A bit far for me? but worth the opportunity to sit outside.Great eats! The shrimp and grits was outstanding and coffee is a lifesaver! Be sure to enjoy the conversation with locals.Food was good but my party of 3 waited a long time before getting a seat while parties of 2 that came longgg after us were let in first us over and over. I assumed that meant we would get a decent place to sit when we were finally let in but we were seated in the walkway by the bar seating and my friend kept getting bumped as servers passed.Has a solid menu and generally attentive wait staff in a cool, funky atmosphere. Sitting outside is lovely when the weather is right. Can get champagne next door at the bar and make mimosas with their fresh squeezed OJ. The burrito is the bomb and the crab meat omelette is so good it's sinful. Not especially health but is delicious and worth the wait.Banana pancake + peanut butter!! :)  It is huge and delicious!  Juice is yummy too.Great little breakfast spot, just make sure to come early! This place is a favorite amongst the locals and almost always has a line. They're unique in that they have a little something for everyone, no matter what you're craving! I came with a group and we got everything from omelettes, to burritos, French toast and sandwiches! They have an awesome variety, but my favorite was the banana pancake which was probably twice the size of my head! 
Overall, I wasn't absolutely amazed by the food, but it was good, and I would gladly return!This place is amazing! 
Fast friendly service! 
Outside seating! 
Awesome food and hands down the best shrimp & grits in New Orleans!!Tried surrey's for lunch on feb 24. 45 min wait for 2 people to get a table. After ordering,  waitress returned 20 min later saying one item was finished, so had to order something else. 30 min more, still no food,  asked a server how long was our  additional wait. She replied that this was not her table but would check,  proceeded to walk away and not return.  Found our server near the kitchen and asked how long was our wait, she replied that our orders were to be prepared "next."  Finally decided to leave and cancel our order. Not sure what the problems were: short staff in  the kitchen, not enough waitresses, however it seems as if this restaurant prides itself in making customers wait.Dank: Also an expression frequently used by stoners and hippies for something of high quality.
Example: That borritos was dank, man. 
or... That borritos was the dankness
Surrey's Uptown was DANK.  We came here for Brunch on a Sunday...Ohhh ho hoo buddy. Apparently you have to get there early so you dodge the Sunday Brunch rush, we got there at about 9 (WHY am I telling you my secrets?!) The outside front seating was fun, it was our last day in NoLa, and our friends who live here swore this was one of the best breakfast spots in the city, and man, they were SPOT ON.
First of all, you can substitute chicken eggs for DUCK EGGS.  -pause-  DUCK EGGS, DO YOU HEAR ME?!! Ugh!!! Secondly, my boyfriend and I both simultaneously ordered the corned beef hash (it was one of those "JINX!"  moments..it was totally cool you should have been there) and OH MY GOSH, that was quite literally the most ridiculous corned beef hashes I've had in my life! I always am hesitant to order corned beef hash because some places go overboard with the hash and not enough corned beef, or the corned beef is some sort of a mess of an excuse for corned beef hash, but let me tell you-- The corned beef was fork tender and in beautiful medium rare chunks, and the way the sausage gravy drizzled all sexy-like and perfectly peppery all over those homemade biscuits, I definitely got turned on.
Best meal we had in New Orleans, hands down. So get over there and get you some Corned Beef Hash with Duck Eggs-- Surrey's Uptown is DANK!Delicious food and great service! Would 100% recommend. Lots of locals here, but even if you aren't one they welcome you in!I went here once while hanging out in New Orleans for the weekend and I remember thinking that it was quite possibly the best breakfast I have experienced in my life. The wait was a little long but FYI there is a little bar next door that makes quite the delicious bloody mary that you can sip on while you wait. I think I had something like biscuits, egg, bacon and avocado and it was heavenly :)Best crab melt and shrimp and grits ! Fresh grapefruit juice is a must have ! Wild mushroom soup was delicious too.One of the best places to get breakfast in Uptown. Come early because there is always a line.I went to eat at Surreys uptown today and over all a decent experience. It was a small but cozy little spot with good food. I had the bananas foster French toast and it was really good! I loved the banana cream cheese filling in the middle which really brought out the banana and made it the star of the dish. I wish you can really taste more of a rum sauce because it tasted more like caramel than anything else, but it was still delicious. I had a side of grits and I loved them but couldn't figure out if they used garlic in them bc that was the only thing I wasn't too big of a fan of. The service was ok, they were friendly but it took a little bit to be greeted by our server once we sat and then we had to ask for our drink order. Other than that it was an overall decent experience for our table!There's no way to describe our experience here without sounding snarky and negative, and I'm not a snarky and negative person. I'm sure the food is delicious. :( 
We were skipped in line by two parties as we stood at the "wait here to be seated" sign to put our names down. I'd never seen that happen before. The hostess did not seem to have things under control and we were quoted a 45 minute wait for two people while there were empty tables in different area of the restaurant available, and after one party that skipped us was an 11 person party and quoted the same amount of time.Shrimp and Grits the BEST! Recommend you coming here when in New Orleans!  Worth the wait!The crab melt and potato salad are phenomenal!! I've been meaning to come check them out for a long time, but did today with my out of town guests. They loved their choices also and the service was wonderful. Can't wait to visit again!My friends and I visited New Orleans for the weekend from Austin and were sent to Surrey's by a friend who highly recommended it - and I'm so happy we listened! Best breakfast/brunch/lunch spot we dined at over the weekend for sure, and I would go back in a heartbeat the next time I'm in NOLA. Our group of 5 arrived about 25 minutes before they were supposed to close but they were happy to seat and serve us still. Our waiter, Craig, was super helpful and nice throughout our dining experience. He insisted I get the Shrimp & Grits breakfast since I had never tried it before and it was one of the best meals of my life. Their fresh juice was incredible as well and went perfectly with our champagne for our DIY mimosas (they're BYOB).I haven't been here in over a year, and I remember it being much better. I was seated quickly and my coffee and water arrived in a minute or two. 10 minutes later I flagged down a waitress to ask for a menu. 5 minutes later I was able to order. I chose the breakfast sandwich on a bagel with scrambled eggs and bacon. The food arrived quickly and was thoroughly underwhelming. My bagel was barely toasted and the eggs were over cooked while the bacon was undercooked. I then had to get up and enter the restaurant, I was sitting outside, and track down silverware and napkins. Probably will not be back. Prices are too high for lackluster service and improperly cooked food.AMAZING!!!!  The bananas foster French toast is the best.  I suggest ordering it as an appetizer to share so that you can get some of the other awesome meals. It will fill you up if you order it and inhale it alone and you will want to inhale it.Honestly, I wanted to love this place.  I meant to hit either of the locales last time but missed.  Came on Saturday at noon, and received a quick seat at the bar.  That was the highlight of the meal.  
They had limeade and it was good.  I don't know when it was made because all the juices came out of sticker-marked containers in the fridge.  I trust that fresh-squeezed has a bit of a shelf life.  Whatever.
The menu mentions food is made fresh and takes awhile but my order was "lost" and my buddies sandwich sat orphaned on the prep stand for ten minutes as they scrambled to make my corn beef hash in a rush.  Perhaps that is why the corned beef tasted chalky, dry, and inedible...and I eat a lot of less-than-average food when it's taken the trouble to grow, moo, die, get processed, and arrive on my plate. 
However, I left nearly all the corned beef and will never return.  :(I had the BBQ Shrimp & Grits and it was vey tasty. I do wish the portion was a bit larger but that's just the fat kid in me speaking. Had a long wait before we were sat down but I was pleased with the food and service so I'd definitely come back again for brunch. 
Oh and here's a tip: bring cash with you if you want to dine here. They don't accept credit cards.Breakfast on the porch during labor day weekend! Nothing better! I had the croque madam and it was AMAZING! My husband had the scrimp and grits and its been more than a year since our visit and still talks about that being the best breakfast he's ever had. I think that says it all.Me and some friends visited New Orleans last May for the Jazz Fest and Surrey's was suggested by a friend. FANTASTICAL!!! The people working there had their own unique look and sense of style.Our waitress was a prett(no homo), fresh faced, young woman named Amy and she had the most coolest, laid back, personality and I was glad she waited on us.Her arm tattoo was pretty cool too! The food was beyond awesome, fresh, very eye appealing. I plan to visit next Wednesday and I'm super excited!!!I decided to take my friends here during their visit this past weekend, and I sincerely regret it. After waiting an extended amount of time to be seated -we watched other parties be seated before us, after being told that we were next in line - we were met with terrible service. Several minutes after our orders were taken, our waitress LEFT - without a warning, and without having someone else assigned to our table. Then, we watched as others, who were seated after us, received their food. It was only after I complained that someone FINALLY brought us our food, which had been sitting for quite some time. And one of my friends had hair in her food! This was the worst dining experience that I've ever had, and I definitely won't be returning.Surrey's in my most favorite breakfast spot in all of New Orleans. I even went here the morning after my wedding with my family - it's that good. My husband rarely strays from the Migas (amazing). I like to mix it up but some favorites are the Costa Rican with black beans and the banana pancake. Their grits are amazing in a way that you dont want to see the way they made them (cream and butter I'm sure). The specials are also usually great - some greatest hits were the breakfast nachos (yes!) and the fried chicken and waffles.
The line is always long, but its worth the wait I promise. Its cash only, so bring cash or be prepared to use their ATM.This is my first time at Surreys. I must say this is the best brunch place I have ever been to @NOLA. Everything tastes great. I would definitely recommend Fresh fruit juice blend, Potato Salad and Miga.Everything about our breakfast was amazing! 
We started out with juice. I ordered orange, carrot, and ginger. My husband ordered the watermelon limeade. Tasty and refreshing! Cheaper than whole foods too! 
For breakfast I ordered scrambled duck eggs with rye toast and a cup of fruit. Amazing! I've never had the option of substituting my eggs for duck eggs before. The eggs were rich and have more flavor than chicken eggs. I also think they slightly poach them before scrambling them because the texture of the white part of the eggs where almost as if they were boiled. They were incredible! 
My husband ordered the crab omelette and that was also amazing. Everything was cooked perfectly and it was smothered in the perfect ratio of a delicious crab gravy. I never would have thought to put Brie in an omelette. I wish more restaurants offered it. 
Our meals were perfect. The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is because it took over a half an hour to get our orders. It was certainly worth the waitOMG.  My favorite of my favorites, the shrimp & grits at Surrey's is truly amazing.   I waited more than 30 minutes (every time I went)  just to get seated and it is worth the wait.  Although, I have one thing that I hate about this restaurant.  They close at 3.  They close too early.  I also want it for dinner, not just for brunch.  That's it.  Everything else, I love it.After finding that one of the top rated brunch place downtown had a long wait we ventured out to this hidden gem of a brunch and juice spot. Only a few minute wait for our part of 3. It was delicious! Plenty of vegetarian and vegan option, including our favorite a "Costa Rican breakfast" eggs scrambled over brown rice, black beans, pico fresh avocado and plantain chips. Banana pancake makes a great addition and dessert to a great fresh ingredient meal! We are definetly coming back!Umm...I'm not sure what other reviewers are used to but this place was not good.  First time in NO and this was our first stop. We got in early and wanted breakfast,  so i go to Yelp to find a place with great reviews and discovered Surrey's.  I was expecting something great and got something on the downside of mediocre. 
1. The place is filthy and in bad repair.  I'll admit I'm a bit of a snob about such things but wanting a restaurant to be clean is not too much to ask for. However we stayed because I know that a hole in the wall can be great food despite the appearance and the Yelp reviews convinced me that I needed to experience this restaurant. 
2. The food was nothing great. The bacon was thick cut and fresh but a little over cooked and hard. Scrambled eggs were good but they were just eggs.  The biscuit was the biggest disappointment.  I LOVE biscuits.  This biscuit was big and crusty,  which are good characteristics for a biscuit,  but it was dense and not flakey. Like a biscuit that's made without butter or shortening.  I know some people make them that way, but people in the South should know better. 
3. The servers were very attentive and quick to offer their service but didn't seem to know anything they always had to go check when I asked a question.  For example I ordered the crispy potatoes (those were very good- no complaints about them) the potatoes were herbed and i couldn't remember the description from the menu so i asked the server,  "is this Rosemary? " he didn't know.  He asked 2-3 other server and they didn't know so never mind. 
4. It was pricey for something so mediocre.  The $6 oj. Now I will say the oj was good and fresh squeezed. It is a juice bar after all. It was fresh and room temperature.  They could have filtered it over a few ice cubes first or put it in a chilled glass.
Overall I would not recommend this place nor would I ever return. I'd be better off going to IHOP or Dennysthe best bacon and eggs in NOLA.  3 doors down from my house and im in heaven.
great staff, prices and food.
corned beef hash is no good. other than that awesome.
cash only.Surrey's was a disappointment. My fiancé and I waited 20 mins for a table. Then sat for another 15 mins before they came to get drink order. Ordered Mango Orange drink, then waitress came back to say they were out. Was told they were out of bacon. Which limited the menu options. So my fiancé ordered Salmon Deluxe Huevos Rancheros, then waitress came back to say they were out of Salmon. The waitress understood our frustration and offered to cancel our order. Truly, it was a huge disappointment especially since we decided to go there for the first time than one of our favorites restaurants. That being sad it was then to late to go to brunch. No manager can over to apologize or offer anything for the inconvenience.Love this place early in the morning. Everytime I go I get the Montana plate and I never can finish it all. It's awesome, and that's an understatement. Food is good and the service is too. No complaints from me!!