My last full day in New Orleans and I HAD to come here!! Came in the pouring rain too!! I really wanted some authentic New Orleans style food (yes... it's still authentic if it's vegan, I don't care what you say! Lol!) Jamone was nice enough to give me a little taste of everything, so I could pick. That just made it harder, because I wanted it ALL!!. I'm telling you,  there is no bad choice here. Everything was SO good and flavorful!! And the bread pudding was the topper for me! I would be a regular if I lived out here! Do yourself a favor and come try this place. Come hungry too, so you can have it all, like me!  Oh...and the other great thing.  This is one vegan place where they give you a TON of food without emptying your wallet!!! Amazing food and service!!Bread pudding... AHHHH-MAZING!!! The best I've ever had!
Also had the eggplant lasagna and greens; very good and super filling!WOW!!!!!! So delicious! Comfort vegan food! Great portions! Full of flavor! Definitely will come back!Definite 5 stars...went with a meat eater...people are great...owners are really nice.
Okra: really good
Red beans: really good
Sweet potato: really good
Fried cauliflower: only thing better is Popeyes...this was awesome
Portobello mushrooms: I didn't love them, but I'm not a big mushroom person
Potato salad: good
Iceccream: really good
Seating is a little tight, but all good.I've been here a bunch of times!  I have never had anything that wasn't Absolutely delicious.  As more and more options open up to vegans and vegetarians I see this place being a definite mainstay.  My favorites are their jambalaya, fried cauliflower, and bread pudding.  My four year old LOVES the Mac and cheese!  Don't forget to save room for the ice cream!First of all....the service was awesome. Second of all, WOWWWWWWWWWW!!! The food was AHH-MAZZZZZZZZING! And I'll def!! Be a repeat customer here! I'm SO excited about this vegan restaurant . My FAVORITE vegan spot HANDS DOWN. Not to mention , no tofu or soy products. I had the stuffed pepper, Mac n cheese, greens, and cauliflower and omg was it delicious(and I'm a harsh food critic too btw). Giving credit where credit is due. BRAAAAAAAVOThis is excellent vegan soul food, with a menu that changes daily. The bread pudding, white beans, and okra gumbo are all really special. Everybody is friendly and you can tell they live what they do.It was OK but I won't be back. They treat their white customers waaayyy better than their Black customers, and keep in mind the owner and all the staff are Black. I walked in behind two white guys and the lady serving the food explained to them with great gusto the food options of the day. Another lady passed by and joked with them. It's my turn and I'm excitedly expecting the same treatment. The lady serving the food looks at me with a bored look on her face and mumbles "what do you want." I was taken aback, I had never been there before so I asked her to tell me what were the dishes of the day. She wasn't helpful at all and didn't recommend anything. While I was eating my food, it became even more apparent that the Black ladies were treating the white customers much better than the Black customers. White people would walk through the door and they were greeted. Black customers, including myself, walked through the door and we got zero greetings. They were also super friendly and jokey with the white customers. In general it was a very awkward experience because I felt like even the white guys were looking and noticing the very different treatment I was getting. As a Black woman, it was not a welcoming experience at all. It was so unwelcoming that I won't be back. Quite embarrassing.
With regards to the food, I was not impressed at all. It was all very OK. The flavors were OK. The ice cream was too sweet and not creamy (I got the praline ice cream). I prefer for my food to have more texture. Everything was sort of mushy--bread pudding, grits, mac & cheese, and okra gumbo. Didn't feel like I was getting too many vitamins. Plus, it was hard to believe it was all vegan. Would help if they listed the ingredients in their dishes.Food was pretty good.  I had the eggplant lasagna and curry veggies.  I thought it might have been a little pricey considering it's not made to order and more like cafeteria style served.  I paid almost $9 for the two.  Parking kinda bad, but I will be going back.Vegan soul food was absolutely incredible.  Sure to satisfy your hunger. Highly recommend.I had the greens, stuffed bell pepper, bread pudding and mac and cheese.  I also had the berry juice (don't remember the exact name of it).  They also let me try some samples.  The food was flavorful and good. They are very friendly.  I will definitely go back.  I was also told that they post their menu on instagram, so you can go on there if you want to know what they have daily.  Oh another thing if you're trying to call their number they are having some phone issues at this time (I was told that yesterday).Very satisfying vegan food prepared with some home style... 
I especially liked the nachos and would have them again!The food is delicious and very flavorful-would definitely fool a non vegan!  I had the red beans & rice, mac & cheese, jambalaya, mixed veggies, and cornbread!  The young men behind the counter were very nice, and I was also able to sample brfEverything about this place is awesome! Amazing flavours, lovely family atmosphere and great traditional Soul Food dishes that you'd never know were vegan (Mac n cheese, jambalaya, gumbo, bread pudding!) I've been waiting for somewhere like this to open up in New Orleans! Can't  wait to eat there again, thanks Chetwan!I got the pick 3! Had the stuffed pepper , jambalaya and blackened cauliflower  OMG ! Absolutely delicious .... truly food from the soul !I was hesitant to try this place but y'all, I think I found my favorite neighborhood joint. The food is phenomenal and everyone who works here is really friendly and helpful. Pro tip: their bread pudding is magical.Mushroom grillades on grits?!?! Incredible. Huge portions and good selection. Everything is delicious.All I can say is the food was delectable, the customer service was impeccable, & there was nothing left on my plate. I will come & visit every time I come to New Orleans.This place is awesome! Plate lunch style vegan food. The bread pudding was my favorite thing, but the corn bread was a close second. Great mix if items - they had okra gumbo, jambalaya, Mac-n-Cheeze, salad, & more when we went. And all vegan!Y'ALL! I'm not even done with my food and I felt the need to take a break to express how great it tastes. As a native Californian who's tired of eating fried food with high amounts of salt, I am SO happy this place opened and gives us foodies a healthier alternative to soul food. I love good food. And I love healthy-er food lol. It's all about balance and this place fits perfectly in the middle. I got the bell pepper (amazing), collard greens (delish), sweet potatoes (perfectly cooked), and macaroni (who knew Mac & chz minus the cheese could be sooo tasty??). I'm honestly surprised the food tastes so good being its 100% vegan, but I am thoroughly impressed and will definitely return soon. #InvestInBlackBussinessesSometimes you want vegan food that feels like your grandma made it and not your super hip cousin from LA. This is definitely that. Everything I had was delicious and not that "it's good for vegan food" type of good. It is just down right good. Period.Delicious food!
I got the choose four with greens, yams, mac and "cheese," and perhaps the best bread pudding I'd ever had (including before i was vegan). Everything was magnificent.I tried this place out for the first time today. The red beans and rice, macaroni and "cheese," and greens were all very good. It's authentic Southern cooking even though it's vegan. The people were also very nice. I hope as they get more established they will invest in some non-plastic cutlery. 
This will be my new go-to stop on my way home from work when I'm in the mood for comfort food. Yay!Dropped into NOLA this morning. Got this recommendation from another vegan site. Truly amazing. Very well seasoned, had blackened cauliflower, yams, white beans and rice (1st time) and mac and cheese. Love it! 11 year old daughter loved it too! You don't have to eat vegan to love this food. Staff and extremely helpful as well. Thx for letting me taste a few items 1st.Great find for vegan food. Small, welcoming and the food is exactly what you need to fill your belly!I went here with a friend for a late lunch today. The parking was a little difficult but we parked on the side street and walked into the restaurant. The food was delicious I had the curry vegetables over rice and the cauliflower my friend had the Jambolaya the mac & cheese  The cauliflower and the black beans 
we both loved our food ,we will be back!We stopped by Sweet Soulfood while in Nola for delicious authentic-ish soulfood that was vegan. The food was amazing- spice and flavor was on point! We had the nachos that were covered in jambalaya, black beans and corn, cheese sauce, and various toppings of choice. We also opted for a four vegetable plate with eggplant lasagna, jambalaya, Mac and cheese, and bread pudding. Both plates were flavorful and delicious. The bread pudding was the highlight of the meal. It tasted better than one I had earlier in the week at a traditional soulfood place in the city. It had rich decadent flavors that  didn't disappoint. Would highly recommend for vegans and non- vegans! (I am myself am the latter).Vegan southern cooking at its best! The Mac n cheese is incredible. Family owns and operating with an inviting feel. Thank you!Excellent food with hospitable staff. I really enjoyed their mushroom steak, yams, and especially their fruit (yes, it's real made from actual fruit!) drinks.The food at this place is AMAZING!  The mac and cheese is good, the chickpea patty is phenomenal and the bread pudding is delicious.  I loved every bite!The food was delicious. It was a treat to eat Louisiana soul food that was vegan! The staff was very friendly as well. Our favorite dish was the caramel bread pudding!Yet another song of praise for this place! I've been to a number of vegan soul food places from Maryland down throughout the South, and this is easily the best I've ever had. The cornbread was moist and springy. The jambalaya was well seasoned and flavorful, with the occasional bite of stellar vegan sausage. The mushroom steak had great bite and was well seasoned. The mac and cheese had some of the best vegan cheese I've ever eaten. And those sweet potatoes were on point! I had no problem finding a parking spot around the corner. The staff was phenomenal and the whole experience was superb. I highly recommend this spot!Yesterday was my first time eating here,  A friend bragged about it and I read reviews, so I went.......This food was so freaking DELICIOUS and I'm not vegan. I highly recommend it!!!!!!!!!!!Four items isn't going to be enough, but if you have to make the tough choices, make sure you at least grab the mac & cheese or gumbo.Everything we tried was really tasty! Loaded potatoes, bread pudding, BBQ cauliflower, jambalaya, cornbread; all amazing. And the staff was very friendly and helpful. Highly recommend.As two vegetarians from out of town, I have to say this place is a MUST. Staff are incredibly friendly, and the food is amazing. We got jambalaya, Mac cheese, braised greens, cornbread, and my absolute favorite... the curry. There's not a ton of seating but we managed to get a table. Left feeling super satisfied.Wow!!! Amazing cuisine!  Tastes just like good old soul-food!  Would've given 5 stars but some of the dishes are New Orleans hot and this critic can't eat spicy.  My meat- eating husband even loved it!  Have to try!  Very friendly staff.I've been twice so far and everything I've tried (Mac & Cheese, Alfredo, Curry, Jambalaya) has been delicious! Great, fast service plus delicious food; can't beat it!Rating a three because you have to give a rating to post, but didn't actually eat here.  Drove 30 minutes in traffic to get here. Arrived around 5pm, but it was closed.Great food & a friendly staff. I had the Mac n cheese, fried mushrooms, and okra gumbo. My boyfriend has the Mac and cheese, jambalaya, and chickpea cake. We had the green juice too. Everything was extremely good. Whether you're vegan or not I'm sure you would enjoy this restaurant.This place is new delicious clean and wonderful. Try everything to amazing the even have green drinks. Menu changes all the time and parking is rough but it's worth circling.This food is what has been missing from my life. I wish I could pack this place up and take it with me when I leave New Orleans. It was a hike from downtown, but totally worth it.Sweet lord this food was incredible. Wish I lived in Nola just so I could go here every week. Loved it so much. So happy they are expanding so more people can enjoy their amazing food. MUST try!Surprisingly, really good vegan food! The mac n cheese and cauliflower were my faves!Okay so I've only been in NOLA for a few months. As anyone can imagine I'm eating my way through the city. With that being said... My stomach is NOT pleased with me! I was looking for something savory and soulful but not as heavy. I pass this place every day multiple times a day so today I decided to give it a try. 5 stars on the customer service alone. So let's get to the food. I wanted to try a little of everything. I settled on the Shepard's pie (delicious, slightly sweet probably from squash used? Regardless would DEFINITELY get again), Fried mushrooms (batter definitely reminiscent of fried okra batter, nice and crisp, not salty, again I would order this again!), Okra gumbo (BABY! This here?! This gumbo?! With the vegan sausage?! I have no words. Yes. And more yes!), And finally the Mac and cheese (again slightly sweet, definitely a nice surprise! Consistency is delightful, feels authentic! If sweetness will bother you, don't get it. Otherwise I LOVE it). Definitely earned their great reviews. I most certainly will be back! All the savor without the guilt!Good lord. This is hands down some of the absolute BEST vegan food I've ever had. Southern food needs to be in an entirely different category of its own - and Sweet Soulfood is by far the champion. If there were Michelin stars of the vegan world, this would be a MUST GO to New Orleans from across the globe just to try the food here.Came here with my wife when we were in New Orleans for her birthday at the end of January. 
Great food! I got the stuffed pepper, jambalaya and Mac n cheese. Everything tasted great. The pepper was huge, we could have split it and it would've been plenty. The Mac n cheese tasted a little sweet, but it was good -- next time i would probably try something else in its place. 
The cornbread was also delicious. 
This location was cramped, there was a steady flow of customers. This should be alleviated once the location across the street opens. 
The employees were friendly. 
We will definitely be back here on our next trip to New Orleans.I came in here with 0 expectations-- all I knew is that there was a relatively healthy new place that opened on Broad. I met up with some friends for lunch and oh man I am in love. I work in Mid City and I'm always desperate for a good, cheap, healthy place to grab a quick bite and it's like Sweet Soulfood knew what my soul needed and made it happen.
You order at the counter and choose the number of dishes you'd like. Everything goes in a go-box and you can eat it at one of the few small tables they have or get it to go. I LOVED everything I had and it was much cheaper than hitting up the Whole Foods hot bar down the road. Plus, who doesn't want to support some awesome small biz owners? 
I will go back and back and back forever. 
Note: I'm not a vegan. I eat all things. This food is just good, no matter what meat it has or doesn't have.Wow, this place has it going on. Super good healthy food and GREAT service. The owner is behind the counter with a smile and ensuring everyone has a great experience. This place is solid, and a much needed addition to the choices in the area.  Love having them in my neighborhood!Just ate here for the first time and it's fantastic. Full of flavor without being overly salty or sweet as can happen with vegan food. Great variety and I'll be back to try their daily switch-ups. Friendly and quick service and super affordable with huge portions. A four item plate gave me three meals, no lie. If you want soul food thats healthy with flavor this is it!DELICIOUS  Me nor my brother are vegan, but I love vegan/vegetarian food and this was such a great find for our first NOLA trip. My brother, who rolled his eyes at the notion of vegan soul food, said this was his favorite meal! And we both agreed that it was the best corn bread we've ever had. Definitely put this on your list of places to check out, you won't regret it!Can I just say WOW! I was super impressed with almost everything I ate. 
It's a buffet line and you can choose between one to all the items on the menu. I had the mac-n-cheese, okra-tomatoes-corn medley, collard greens and fried cauliflower. My friend had the white beans, jambalaya, mac-n-cheese and greens, plus a sweet potato pie. The white beans were amazing and I was jealous. The mac-n-cheese was delicious and was definitely better than versions made with chemically cheese. My two veggie sides were delicious but the cauliflower was a little greasy for me... I think I got the bottom of the pan. My friend's jambalaya had zero fake meat so it seemed like a pilaf to me but she said the flavor was good. And the pie was yummy.
This place is tiny so your best plan is to take out. We were lucky enough to grab a table as we paid so could enjoy our food there. I definitely had enough for two meals. Staff was great and friendly.
Parking is tight as there are a bunch of businesses in this building (martial arts in the garage in back, barber upstairs)... the parking lot is for the dojo so don't try to park there.Excellent food and great service. The line moved fast (after 4 PM) and the food (served in generous portions) was hot! Will return!This is so good. Busy place for a Monday afternoon but I can see why!
Food is served cafeteria style.  I wish I had thought it through before ordering since everything I got was a bit on the sweet side.If you are vegan and vacationing in NOLA, GO HERE. This is not a drill. This is not a drill. The fried Cauliflower will fu** you up!!! The corn bread will have you on you knees praying. The bread pudding will make you cry. It's just so goddamn good. The Mac n cheese. The greens. Gurl. Boi. It's almost too much. It's perfect. And compared to some other over priced vegan spots in the city, it will leave your stomach and your wallet feeling full!!!So glad i get to have great tasting vegan food close to me. If you've never had vegan food before this is place to go! Nice variety of options and the people who work there always seem like they want to be there which is refreshing for a local place. The Mac and cheese is my favorite!I'm not a vegan however, I like vegan and vegetarian foods so I came to check this place out. It far exceeded my expectations. I ordered the stuffed bell pepper, macaroni and cheese, and the bread pudding. I thoroughly enjoyed all of it. I will definitely be coming back. This is a vegan spot that anyone can find something to eat and enjoy it.If you have not visited this restaurant you are missing out! I pass by today about an hour ago starving for some thing good and a little different. Great!!! Was what I got.The service was great from start to finish. I was given a complete explanation of all the menu items offered. The little young lady that was the cashier offered me their selection of ice cream to top off my meal,  I asked her which one she recommend? She said truly they were all good. The one she selected was a coconut chocolate and nuts creamy treat. She was 'spot on'. I see growth and expansion in their near future. Hope you decide to open in New Orleans East as well. Though I am not a full fledged vegan but do enjoy my veggies,we have vegans out here too and if you come that number will surely grow.
                  TeeDon't even think twice! You have to visit this restaurant if you are in New Orleans. It is off the beaten path of sightseeing but this was by far the best meal I've had in the city. 100% vegan soulfood is a rarity to find and you can tell it's made with love! The staff is great and the food is simply delicious. Can't wait to visit the city again and stop by this gem!I crave their macaroni and cheese. Menu changes daily-- whatever they have, you'll enjoy it. One of the best lunch spot in town.Friendly, good New Orleans choices and delicious food! If you are Vegan or not, definitely give them a try!Faboulous food.  I just grab a few to-go cartoons of a mix of selections, then take it home for an impromptu buffet.  Great food, great spices, great prices.  Figured out they were vegan later, super good.EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING! Bread pudding, alfredo, grits & ragout, jumbalaya, sweet potatoes, collard greens, CHECK!
The menu changes each day, and there are tons of options available for any picky vegan eater. You'll love it even if you're an omnivore.
The price was super reasonable, considering you get a ton of food. Plus, the service was really friendly, and everyone seemed super knowledgeable about the food.
If you're looking for soulfood in NOLA, look no further!Everything I have tried was delicious. The customer service is great. They really seem to love working there.
Parking is difficult, and I wish the portions were larger.Came in for lunch on the way through the city and found this place on yelp, of course. The food selection was very exciting and they were very helpful. They have the BEST vegan pralines btw! They sell out quickly so if you see them definitely snag a few. Can't wait to go back for moreThe food and the staff are amazing!! It's hard to do vegan food, but they nailed it. The cornbread is to die for!Great soul food, plus it's vegan! I'll support this place every chance I get. Love itThis place has great authentic food served with friendly service. The lady who was helping us noticed we aren't from around here and took a minute to show us how the ordering works and she made recommendations.  
They serve large portions so we had left overs. 
I highly recommend this place to fellow vegans looking for soul food.Prices are on point, portions are huge! Everything is super flavorful. There wasn't one thing that we didn't like. We got choose your own plate with 7 different things. I'm so full and can't wait for the next visit. Need to stop here if you're in town.Omg!!!! I've been to a lot of Vegan spots and this is by far the best! The corn bread, Yams and Brussels were my favorite. Everything was fresh and delicious. You will not be disappointed. Only this is it was Hotttttt in side. No other complaints!Absolutely stunning food! I work about a mile away and made the walk there and back based on a friends recommendation. It was definitely worth it and I will be visiting again!!Delicious food and drinks  
Cheap prices 
Friendly staff 
Our new favorite spot
We will definitely be back!YES YES YES YES YES! Awesome vegan food definetly made from the soul! You can't go wrong with anything you choose to fill your plate with! The portions are huge and food is delicious! Very much worth the priceMy mom and I checked out the restaurant. We had the chick pea patty, okra gumbo, sweet potatoes and greens. Everything was good. We also had bread pudding and banana foster vegan ice cream that was delicious too. It was a nice atmosphere and everyone was nice and helpful.Discovered on Yelp en route to MSY and then the Bay Area from Pensacola... sure we have time for a quick lunch stop. Wouldn't have missed this treat!
My pick 4: jambalaya, Mac & cheese, potato salad, and bread pudding. We'll be back!So delicious, had the rice and beans with fried cauliflower and side of Mac and cheese. Meal was very filling and flavorful. They offered tastings to help me decide which sides I wanted. They have ice cream and corn bread as well. Only thing is you need a car to get to this location but it's well worth it. One recommendation to management, they need better packaging that is environmentally friendly.Nothing short of INCREDIBLE!!! All vegan with SO many options!!! My husband (non-vegan) was so impressed and so full, you MUST come here if you're vegan in Nola! Can't wait to come back and try the bread pudding.Here's a place I generally would not have tried if it wasn't for my vegan friend. We stopped by to grab some food for her & something quick for us non vegans. 
My friend & I shared the Mac & Cheese & the Fried Cauliflower. I must say the cauliflower was very good nice tasting sauce very tasty. The Mac was ok for me it wasn't bad but lacked flavor I've actually had better vegan Mac & cheese that was tastier. 
Small restaurant with a simple decor, a little bit tight the seating area. 
Service was good, quick decent enough pride wise.This is such an awesome spot . My husband and I came in from Atlanta and saw the reviews and wanted to check it out . I wish I could go back and eat more ! The blackened cauliflower, mac n cheese and bread pudding are all AMAZINGOk OKKKKKK  went crazy I thought the cauliflower was fried catfish with this lasting crunch, the real soul food for your heart, mind and soul. I will be eating here until my flight on Monday.  Home Run!!!!!