Excellent healthy options for NOLA dining with lots of to go choices. I had turkey meatballs and spaghetti. It is a wonderful lunch place.Ordered a green hurricane smoothie that was delicious and the Mediterranean chicken with zoodles. Zoodles were delicious and flavorful and the chicken was a bit small but very tasty. Shared a salad as well that was absolutely huge and delicious with apples and beets! Felt full without the guilt! Great prices and cute set up.I just received my food and had to immediately come on here to write a review! I ordered the Turkey Meatballs & Zoodles and the Autumn Fest juice off UberEATS. Not only did the food come super quick (from Mid City to Metairie) but it was delicious and warm! I was worried the turkey meatballs would be bland, but they were filled with just the right amount of herbs and spices. It was also my first time trying zoodles, and I am now a huge fan! I can't wait to try more, the entire menu looks awesome. Thank you, Swegs, for serving convenient, tasty, healthy food at a great price! (I would have taken a photo, but I ate my food so fast! #yum)This Midcity newcomer is really making an impact fast! It took me awhile to finally go in, but once I did, I have returned regularly. They advertise as Healthy Southern Comfort Food which is exactly what they are. From savory but healthy salads, sandwiches and soups to fresh takes on classic entrees, they deliver as advertised. A couple of my favorites are the black bean burger and the turkey meatball sliders. It's also a great place to get "grab and go" items if you're in a rush. They have a really good selection of premade items displayed from stuffed peppers to sandwiches and salads. Check it out! Great lunch spot. My only complaint is that sometimes healthy equals a bit dry, but what do you expect? Overall totally worth it!Go here!! We need more places like it in NOLA. Tons of options for various diets and intolerances. The salads are fresh and big. They have pre made entrees and snacks, but to-go orders are quick as well. They also have NOLA kombucha and other speciality beverages. Everything is under $10.
Bonus: all the to-go containers and cutlery are made with compostable materials. The planet thanks you!!I tried to order the Mediterranean chicken dinner, which is listed on the menu. The employee behind the counter told me they no longer served that there, only salmon and steak. I asked if she meant they were out of chicken for the day. No, she said, they just don't serve it any longer. I left and went to the Vets location instead.This is a really great place for some great food fast and healthy, or healthier than most other places! I absolutely love their salads and paninis. Their salads are kind of pricey but you do get a very full meal. The only reason I gave 4 stars is for the price point. Their new menu they started yesterday looks great too! I definitely want to try the shrimp and grits. It looked great at the table next to us, hehe.Awesome restaurant. First timer and I was greatly impressed. I had the Turkey meatballs with zoodles and it was so tasty and filling. My friend had the chicken/provolone panini with Caesar salad and it was great. It has so many healthy options that you want to try them all. Can't wait to get back there!First timer. Ordered their turkey chili which was great. Had flavor. Also ordered their turkey provolone panini which was the most unappealing in taste of any sandwich I have eaten out. The turkey had a gamey taste to it and the entire sandwich was hard to chew and bite off even. 
The price was more than I usually pay for lunch. Compared to other establishments in this neighborhood , not worth it. I will attach pictures of the sandwich. I only ate half. It was not worth the effort to chew. 
I wanted to like this place but it did not live up to the hype on the menu.Really underwhelming. For a place that markets itself as health food, it has about two vegetarian items on the menu. I had to be creative with substitutions on meat items to make something worth paying money for. I hate to write bad reviews,  but this is the most overhyped place on yelp that I've seen in NOLA yet.Wow! So good it was hard to remember I was eating healthy. I stopped in to grab a to go order on a work day. The staff quickly realized I was a first timer and gave me some help. I settled on the ahi tuna sliders with a side Caesar salad. When i got back to my office and tried them I was very pleased. The tuna was excellent, fresh and not fishy. Perfectly seared with a crunchy slaw. The side Caesar was nice with a little kick of garlic. I can't wait to go back and try more offering. The menu variety is very impressive for a spot dedicated to healthy offerings.SWEGS is my new favourite place to dine in Mid-City New Orleans. A healthier alternative to traditional fast food establishments. The location is occupying the spot once held by a Papa John's pick-up and delivery pizza place. The salads and other menu items are fresh and delicious. There's something for everyone. The restaurant has a beautiful atmosphere. This is something you can truly be comfortable eating everyday. There's nothin' better than SWGS in your life for healthy eating!I like this place because you know what you are getting and the amount of calories in each dish. The food is low in sodium and that does relay to the taste; however, the food is good enough for me to return.Excellent food, I started a new diet that was health conscious and saw this place driving in mid city. That salads are great and the gluten free pizza are excellent for anyone who is gluten intolerant. The other day I had the white beans and it was great.So I'm here having lunch at the new SWEGS Kitchen location on Carrolton Ave and I looooooooooove it!!!!  Beautiful, clean, great selection of good-for-ya food. Like the letters in lights! Love the take away food. Customer service was great too, super friendly. I am newly vegan, which makes ordering interesting to say the least and love that I can just look for my little lavender dots (dietary restrictions are color coded).  Ha!  Excited that the tomato basil is vegan and not cream-based, one of my long time fav soups that I can still have now!  And I am totally coming back for the peanut butter chocolate sweggie. Like tomorrow. Ha.  A new go-to for me for a quick bite.Just stopped in here for a snack and will definitely be back! The store is clean and employees are friendly.There are plenty of healthy options and a great selection of cold-pressed juices. Prices are competitive with places such as Whole Foods and everything was fresh and tasty. I hope this location makes it because Midcity and NOLA in general needs more options like this!!I really like this place even though I get the same thing every time - southwest chicken bowl.  Only tip I have is that they should always use cilantro, which is what is normally used, instead of green onions, which they used today.  It totally changes the taste of it.Bookmarked by me as a "place to try"; I convinced the office to have SWEGS for lunch. 
We had a few questions about things on the menu, we tried calling, but to no avail; I'm sure they were crazy busy because of the lunch rush. We nosed around and found answers as needed. 
Appearance:
The food was delightfully positioned in the go containers as to not jar too much during the commute, not on the list of Uber-eats, so we had to pick up the order. 
Cost:
Seemed to be in line with the market average for the items we purchased. Yea!!!!!!! 
Taste:
My food was mediocre, I got a salad with sirloin strips, I would've liked them to be a bit more tender to match the texture of my salad. I found the greens to be plentiful, however, the black beans, corn and the like were a little scant, but what was there was evenly disbursed. 
Overall, I love the idea of "healthy fast food", that's steps away from my place of employment. 
May try the breakfast menu, a few things there have caught my eye. Oooh and they have juices too...I had never heard of SWEGS Kitchen but found it on UberEATS and decided to give it a try because I'm obsessed with zoodles. This place has blown me away! 
My whole office now orders SWEGS almost every day for lunch. Finding food that is both healthy, tasty, and actually filling can be so tough (especially in NOLA where grub food is king).
I'll be a return customer for my office lunches and am looking forward to coming into the store to try out the full menu.Very healthy choices offered here; many delicious options.  Great for vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters alike.  Friendly counter staff, clean place to dine in, plus meals to go.  Prepackaged meal plans are available at decent rates.  I was looking for a low carb dinner option, and had the turkey meatballs with zoodles- it was very good!  Self service style dining, but with nice flatware and dishes.  I've been cooking mostly for myself since restarting Atkins, and it's nice to know I have a dine out option close to home that meets my diet needs.  Overall, it was a pleasurable experience.I came in with a group with 2 small children they were very accommodating and the food was great. I  got the pesto chicken. However, the one compliant I have is there was no change table and there is plenty of room in the bathroom for one.Hearty, healthy, substantial meals for a reasonable price. Fantastic service, pre-prepared meals available for convenience sake. Considerate of dietary restrictions. Smoothies are delicious, too. Definitely a great restaurant to have on your radar for the diet accommodations, affordable prices, and quick service.I am absolutely obsessed with how amazing this place is! Where else can you find delicious and nutritious food, flavored perfectly with the freshest ingredients, that also takes into account a variety of dietary concerns? This is an oasis for me! All nutrition details are available so you know just what you're getting. And it tastes amazing! I haven't had one dish that disappointed. I highly recommend the red beans (as good as your mama's!) and the turkey meatball with zoodles to satisfy a craving for spaghetti and meatballs. Delicious AND affordable! You'll pay more for a salad at a fast food place!Wow - I was only able to stop in twice during our trip because mid-city isn't the closest to the FQ - but it's well worth it people!!! The food quality and taste is fantastic and the prices are spot on!! Had the turkey burger- SO much flavor, had greens INSIDE!! That helped to keep is nice and moist. The whole grain bun and basil aioli we perfect accompaniments (though a bit more aioli wouldn't have hurt ;)
Also got the turkey chili - again great flavor and a nice kick of heat, but not too much. Service was great and their options are such a great variety. Plus they keep a convenient cold wall with their delights so people can come grab and go! 
Can we PLEASE have one in MD?!?I visit swegs about twice a week. Love everything I've tried here. Some of my favorites are the southwest chicken dinner, turkey meatballs and zoodles and their sound the day is always a hit!
If your in a hurry the grab and go with nutrition facts label is convenient. Yay for healthy food in midcity!I tried this place after a Saturday morning workout with a friend in City Park. It was okay. I asked for an egg on my avocado toast and they couldn't make a fried egg so I opted for the egg whites instead. I also ordered a smoothie (the green one). I'll be back if I'm in the area and forcing some health into my body but won't go out of my way to come back.Thank you SWEG for offering affordable, fresh, and quick healthy food options. Can only speak for the Turkey Meatballs and Zucchini, but i will definitely return for more!Living not too from here, I was intrigued by what "Healthy comfort food" could be. As weeks of anticipation went by, I finally ordered via UberEATS and couldn't have been happier with the outcome. 
Pizza is always on the menu with me so seeing pictures of those little Margheritas was an obvious. The other part of my order was the Sonoma salad, both fine choices. The salad was fresh, delicious, and surprisingly filling. At first glance it didn't seem like it would be enough chicken but there was more underneath the top layer and made so that just about every bite was met with some good pieces of chicken. 
The Margherita pizza was the perfect size for one. Although I can put away some pizza on the norm, paired with the salad, I ended up making it a 'two-part' meal. The ingredients on the pizza were supremely fresh and smelled amazing. My only issue with the pizza was there was a slight sogginess to the bottom, but that won't stop me from ordering it again.
Definitely good to have a place like this in the neighborhood. It's hard to find healthy options at such a good price, this will without a doubt be a regular thing for me.In an area with a lot of options this place has missed the mark for me on every visit because of the inconsistency on taste, plus the high price in comparison to the taste. Good points: service is always great, and it's always very clean and organized. 
I want to love this place, but I don't. I love the idea of healthy fast food, but the sandwiches are about all I'd recommend. Biggest complaint is taste for me, and second is price. I understand that the ingredients are high quality, which drives up prices, BUT the taste isn't good, which makes the prices seem out of line. After quite a few visits I was hoping to give this place a 3 star at least; unfortunately my last visit (yesterday 11:45 a.m.) was so underwhelming I cannot give more than 2 stars. The salmon wasn't fully cooked, the mashed cauliflower was the blandest I've ever had, and the cream kale had huge pieces of stems. Of course I had taken the order to-go, so was not in the store to do much about it. Again, for the price, those are basic mistakes that shouldn't happen. Even though I think the salmon here is very good quality and could be eaten raw probably, at restaurant prices, the salmon should be cooked correctly. Removing the stems from kale is cooking 101. The cauliflower is usually good, but this time the water content wasn't correct leading to the bland flavor and poor texture. If this was the only lacking meal I'd eaten there, we'd be OK - but every meal has these types of issues. The quality just isn't consistent enough for me, so two stars it will stay.I finally got a chance to to try this place. Tried the stuffed peppers. I was impressed. Vegetable side was cooked just right. Price was cheap. The portion was just right for me. Service was great and the tea was fresh brewed. I will be back this week.I have to be honest, I would cry if this place ever closed down. I would love to try everything on the menu, but I'm so in love with everything I've had so far, I can't branch out. Turkey burger, all the wraps, SW chicken bowl, red beans, all delicious and all very decent portions with a great price. Tonight I ordered Salmon, white beans and SW chicken. Yes, all for me. Gluttonous? Maybe. But this might be the best Friday night I've had in awhile.We were on vacation and looking for a light lunch after eating a heavy Louisiana breakfast. We yelped restaurants near us and stumbled upon SWEGS kitchen. We ordered the shrimp Mediterranean salad,which tasted like a classic Greek salad, and a Sonoma chicken salad, which was filled with iron rich proteins and delicious apples. Everything was fresh and tasty. The staff was very helpful, kind and attentive. Tons of drink and snack choices.Was going to get a Sub-Way and ran into SWEGS, had a Panini with a fresh salad.
Both were very good and cost was reasonable.  They also have prepared food to grab and go.
A must try.Small and modern cafe. Staff is extremely helpful and nice and were patient with helping me find the menu item for my taste. I ended up ordering something light, the tomato and squash medley, which was only okay. It could've used a tad more flavoring. Parking lot is kinda small but not too much of a hassle. Not much they can do about it, just thought I'd add it for FYI purposes. I'd return to try more things.The Bbq shrimp and cauliflower grits is phenomenal! The flavor is great and has enough spice! The staff was super friendly as well, so I definitely recommend!Really nice option to have - healthy, yet still tasty, takes on comfort food, as well as interesting new dishes. Friendly staff, and very reasonable prices too. Nice to have both the grab-and-go option and ability to eat in if you choose. Always appreciate thoughtful (i.e. non-styrofoam, plastic bags, etc.) to go items. Highly recommend if you want a break from the usual, not-so-healthy stuff.Used to love this place and was going a couple times a week. Was able to get the meat lovers pizza for 8 bucks now they raised ALL their prices such as the pizza went to 15 bucks with tax... so not worth it anymoreI'm giving them 5 stars too.  I have been waiting for simple clean burritos, sandwiches, and MADE to order salads like they have in Los Angeles and I have found it here.  Staff is friendly.  Food is great.  Highly suggest coming here to check it out!We tried out SWEGS for the first time in Mid City. The food and service were fantastic. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, especially Brian. Our food was ex exception. 10/10 will be back. And please consider bringing a location to the Baton Rouge market!I literally could have purchased a microwave dinner for $3 and gotten more and better quality steak (literally the driest, most done I've ever had) and sides than the meal I spent $10 on here.
 The meals my friends got (one a wrap, and one a bean burger) were similarly underwhelming.Delicious inexpensive and healthy meals. I had the Tuna wrap and chicken salad both were tasty and will fill you up without the feeling of being bloated. Will definitely try their Turkey burger next time. If you're conscious about eating fit and healthy and watching your calorie and sodium intake like I am this is the place to go. Quick, fast, and delicious food and on the go.Healthy food that doesn't sacrifice taste. Happy to have Swegs in the neighborhood with plenty of Eat Fit options. 
I love the red beans with turkey sausage and the meatballs with zoodles.Finally!!!! Healthy comfort food at reasonable prices!
The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable. The chef was right there to give his opinions which was great!
I sampled the delicious chicken tortilla soup and ordered the fajita salad. It was a large portion and extremely filling. The steak was tender and cooked just right! 
My lunch date ordered the soup & salad combo. The salad portion was huge for a 1/2 salad and she got the chicken tortilla soup. 
They have good ice!!!
They also have prepared food to take to-go. I haven't tried any of it yet but my lunch date has had several and said they're all delicious!This review will probably get updated a lot as I am trying new things each time I order from Swegs. This review is also for the Metairie location but a tell page doesn't exist. 
The Cauliflower mash is BOMB and the serving is 1 WW point. I could eat a gallon of that stuff. It is the lowest point item on the menu though. The green beans are 5. That's a lot for veggies. You could steam veggies for zero and add some seasoning salt and eat a whole bag. With that said, they green beans are delicious. They are crunchy and tasty. The broccoli was a miss for me. It's more points than the green beans though... still dunno why. What are they cooking the veggies in/with?
Now for the meats: 
Stuffed Peppers - you get two, I could only eat one. It was very tasty but dry. I will have to go back and calculate points.
Rosemary Sirloin - seemed tough at first, like the plastic knife the gave me broke. However, it was cooked perfectly. Pink inside! I could pass on the rosemary though... not a favorite herb of mine. I'm sure it's like 18 points however. 
Pesto chicken - here is where the food went downhill. I could not cut it, so I picked it up and bit... I spit it out. It was like rubber. There is also an overwhelming lemon flavor. I tried it again... still not able to swallow. It's just awful. It's like boiled chicken with a lemon flavor and then the pesto on top. Also, it's 11 points!  
I bought two take home meals for tomorrow. A breakfast thingy and the turkey meatballs and zoodles. I am not a zoodles fan but I'm willing to give them a try. I'll keep updating as I try the food.I had a great experience at Swegs. As a person with celiac disease, I have a hard time eating in New Orleans and as soon as I walked in and spoke with the chef he assured me they take food allergies very seriously. They had gluten free pizza and several other options for me. They also had gluten free snacks and cookies that would be great for a meal to go. I will definitely be back.Had lunch here while running an errand in the area. Service was prompt. I ordered the asian chicken wrap and tomato basil soup. The wrap was pretty tasty (could use a little more dressing), however I don't think I would order that soup again. Not sure, but just wasn't happy with taste. I'll try something else next time. Overall, good place for quick lunch. Very filling too.I happened to come in when the general manager was working which elevated my experience here. The ambiance was nice, not too bright and very relaxing. The employees are very friendly and made me feel comfortable. I explained to them this was my first time at the store and I didn't know what I wanted. The manager guided me to pick the panini and I opted for a salad instead of chips.The price is a little expensive but then again what healthy food spot isn't.  The house salad was very tasty and light. The chicken panini was great, it wasn't burnt and the chicken was fresh. I definitely recommend stopping in if you're looking for something more wholesomeI hate writing reviews but I felt this was worth it. I really just wanted something healthy but also filling as I had just finished a workout. Can't believe how good the turkey burger was..even though it was cold by the time I was able to eat it. Still absolutely delicious, by far one of the best I've had in the city. Totally beats company burger. (I added blue cheese and bacon to it lol) The caprese salad was bigger than expected! (Which is why I was so full by the time I got to my turkey burger) Delicious and fresh. Exactly what I wanted. My friend got the turkey chili as well and it was fantastic. Just all around happy bellys!Fresh food like I would cook at home but in a cute little take out restaurant. Perfect when traveling and overwhelmed with fancy meals. Love the salmon and zoodles!SWEGS is delicious and good for you! I'm obsessed with the salads - especially the Sonoma and Chopped Asian. And the Basil Ailoi on the Turkey Burger and Vegetarian Black Bean Burger is so good I could drink it! Perfect quick lunch spot in Mid City.Swegs gets the job done if you're looking for quick, healthy, and calorie-conscious food. I love any restaurant that shows the calories-per-dish on their menu. This is very much a quick, casual meal place, or (for me) a takeout place. The turkey meatballs and zoodles is my favorite to order. Service has always been quick and very polite. There are also pre-made meals int he case if you'd like to stock up at home.Food was just ok. The portion was way too small for the price. It was more like an appetizer than a meal. And the presentation was awful. I felt like I was eating an overpriced TV dinner. Sorry guys, seems like a great idea and I'm glad lots of other people liked it but I won't be back.I've only ever had the turkey meatballs with zoodles, but I order it regularly as it is one of my "go to" lunch options.  It comes with two decently portioned turkey meatlballs, and well-prepped zucchini noodles.  Also ordered the apple turmeric pressed juice, which was large enough to save for another day and very good.  I love having a healthy "fast food" option in Mid City.  Thumbs up.My husband and I ordered two salads and I guess what you would call a Margherita pizza. The salads should have consisted of at least 10 special order veggies that were 50 cents each and an additional protein of tuna that cost 3 dollars. When the order was delivered the pizza looked like something out of a bad nightmare. It was literally stale dough topped with $1.00 generic tomato sauce you can buy at a grocery and a few pieces of unmelted, unknown cheese. The salads were basically side salads that cost over 16.00 each. The pizza was so inedible my dogs wouldn't eat it.  Needless to say, we are going to bed hungry but am relieved we will not have to make an emergency trip to the E.R.Love SWEGS! This place is soo delicious and healthy!
There's a food option for almost any diet type, and what's great is you can sit down to have a hot meal or you can take a refrigerated meal to go!
The prices are on par considering the quality of what you're getting --fresh, whole foods which are properly seasoned while still remaining "healthy". 
The only thing I've had that I wasn't over the moon about was the tenderloin steak salad because the meat was too tough for my liking. Hopefully they've improved that recipe over the years.
Overall, I think this is the perfect lunch spot or place to go when you want to grab a few options to throw in the freeze and save for meal prep for later in the week.I came during my lunch break...We waited for 30 min to get scraps of steak (the piece I did have was pretty great) and the wrong veggies/basically the wrong order.  
Brought it back no apology just grabbed our food and was gonna re make it. At this point I only had about 10 min left on my break...I paid for my food but it wasn't worth it. We left. Won't go back. 
The other location is cool thoughWe ordered online, so I can't comment on the service or the place necessarily, but the black bean burgers are to die for and the staff was kind enough to follow special preparation instructions. Such a great vegetarian option.My new favorite place! Their Asian Tuna Salad is AMAZING! The staff is Super friendly! The menu is full of amazing options! I will definitely be back!!Delicious and reasonably priced. Portions are smaller than most New Orleans restaurants, but it is yummy and satisfyingI stopped in for the first time today, despite living just a few blocks away. THIS IS A HIDDEN GEM. It's not cheap but the quality of the food is high. I love that they provide nutritional information for every dish and have a wide variety of options (hot, cold, veg, vegan, low carb, gluten free, low sodium, etc). I got the turkey meatballs with zoodles and am already thinking about the next time I can go back and get more. They were DELICIOUS. I wanted to try almost everything on the menu. The service was friendly and efficient. A great alternative to fast food.Swegs is a great place to grab a quick HEALTHY bite. My husband and I went for dinner. We got the turkey burger and we made the Mediterranean salad into a wrap. They were both delicious! The space was very clean and modern! Loved it!This area needed a place like this. Healthy food, quick service, fresh juices...
When I walked in, I noticed the clean decor first, a dining counter for grabbing a quick bite to eat, or a table to stay a while. There's shelves with ready-made meals, cold pressed juices, and drinks. The staff was very friendly.  The liked that the menu had gluten free pizzas and make your own salads. I ordered a roasted veggie pizza and a Sonoma salad. Both were delicious. The pizza had roasted onions, zucchini, squash on the gluten free crust. (I also added sausage to mine). The Sonoma salad was very good, I couldn't stop eating it: sliced apples, walnuts, fresh spinach, etc. I can't wait to go back to try something else on the menu.This place has great food without all the additives and calories.  It's also very reasonable in price.  I love it!Neat healthy little food stop...kind of like Subways Big Brother. Prices are about $2-3 more. Got the Asian Shrimp Wrap...like a 6"sub for $8....was fresh and delish! Big menu and had healthy pre-cooked fresh assorted grab and go boxed lunches, dinners, soups, and sides. Also freshly cold pressed squeezed juices at about $7 each. And other good organic grab and go snacks lile chips, cookies, etc. Ya definitely don't feel gross or regret your food choices after eating here. So the price is worth it!Healthy comfort food is an amazing concept, and I walked in as soon as I saw it on the side of the road.
What nobody told me is that the $13 shrimp and cauliflower grits I ordered wouldn't be enough food to feed even a small child. While the food itself was mediocre, the taste came second to the miniscule plate that I finished within 3 minutes (and I'm not a particularly fast eater).
Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, or maybe they had a food shortage that day. But for $13, you kinda expect to be fed!!Ok Sweg's.
I see ya.
"Healthy" is not always gonna be the catch word that grabs my taste buds by their attention... Somethings... Wherever.
But I was was in the soup and a sammy mood that day... And you were close by (which is always attractive to me when I'm hungry).
Nice clean bistro stylings for decor...
Clean lines... Feels fresh and wholesome foodsie like...
The smell of something roasting and a pot of fresh soup got me cranking...
So... I bought in and went for the gusto.
Half portabella and spinach panini and a bowl of white bean and kale soup.
Combo lunch.
Combo price.
Combo score.
Yum.
It was quite delish.
Panini was a little loose and squishy, but grilled veggies with a touch of balsamic usually is... That's what I got myself into.
Soup was on point.
Nice large portion.
Well seasoned and spiced.
Beans and kale were both perfectly blended and proportioned with the other goodies in the bowl.
And boy... It was a nice (healthy) cleanse over the next 24 hours.
Sweg's.
Your not my choice all the time...
But, your on my radar now for sure.Need to expand their seating. Was hard to find a table since the inside is pretty small. However, the food was great. Had different options for people who have different dietary restrictions. There are colored coded dots next to the food selections that tells you whether it is vegan, low sodium, low calorie, gluten-free, dairy-free, and heart healthy.