try out a "side car" cocktail
nice bar fare -- deconstructed BLTWonderful cocktails in an elegant setting, beautiful piano playing in the background.  The waiter/drink runner was the best, perfectly in tune with all the customers.  Even though the bar was crowded, he gave me direct friendly service.  With every drink he arrived just after I tasted the drink to ask me how it was, and just before I finished to ask me about my next order.  When I was in conversation with someone, he was politely quiet.  When I was alone, he engaged me in stimulating conversation about their drinks.  
The drinks I particularly loved:
The Adelaide Swizzle 
Zen Garden
Lucy Broussard
The New FashionedPLEASE PLEASE PLEASE come in during their AMAZING happy hour. I would give this place 5 stars. However, I have come probably 5-10 times on various days and times... and yet I have never received that great of service. It seems that the waitstaff is usually overwhelmed with tables. I have even sat at the bar so I would be closer to the tender and the majority of their time was spent making drinks for the huge restaurant next door. Maybe it's just my bad timing. 
Either way the service has never been bad enough to keep me away since I will never pass up a chance at their burger... and I never eat burgers but crave this one. All their food tends to be quite delightful. Perfect place to start a French Quarter jaunt. All the carbs.Had the gumbo which was great and the shrimp and andouille corn dog things. Those were so good that we placed a second order! By far some of the best stuff I have ever eaten!Ate lunch in the bar/lounge where they allowed me to order off of the full menu. Tried the duck ham flatbread and lemon parm fries.It's in the bar area right before Cafe Adelaide. We didn't see any signage outside and had to locate the bar by asking the hotel bell hop. 
Pretty great happy hour menu. We ordered their signature drink and a couple others off the HH menu as well as fries and corn dog shrimp. 
The corn dog shrimp was interesting. I'm personally not a fan of corn dogs so I actually preferred to eat the shrimp without the corn dog coating but my husband loved this dish. Each order comes with two.
The fries were ok. Came out a bit lukewarm actually. Portion was surprisingly large considering it was only $3. 
Comfortable space with nice chairs and great service.I read a lot of cool things about this bar and am a self professed craft cocktail geek. I enjoy the alchemy of a finely made drink and the Swizzle Stick professes to be such a bar...umm, no!
I think of a well made drink as one that is carefully made and perhaps includes some unusual ingredients or hard to find liquor. I looked over the menu and it had some intriguing cocktails. I decided to start with the house specialty, the Adelaide Swizzle, New Orleans Amber Rum, fresh squeezed lime juice, bitters, a splash of soda and our secret ingredient! Imagine my surprise when the drink was poured from a giant plastic jug, a lime slapped on top and speared with a swizzle stick and a straw. Where is the craft in that?
Service was rather anemic as well. It went like this:
Barman: How was drink?
Me: It's umm, OK. Kind of so so...
Barman: Too sweet?
Me: Way to sweet.
Barman: Most guys think it is too sweet...as he walks away.
Attitude and a poorly crafted $7.50 drink is a pass in my book.
If you want a classy little lobby bar in a nice hotel with poorly made spendy drinks you'll love this place.A small bar in the heart of the CBD/FQ area that is somehow never that crowded.  Even on a Friday evening they can accomodate a large group (we had 8 people show up on my most recent trip) and they not only had table open right when we got there around 6pm, but we could also all fit around the one table and they brought extra chairs when we needed them.
As you might have gathered, the staff is friendly and helpful.  The drinks are delicious and use real juices and quality ingredients.  Many of the cocktails are also in the old or traditional style (or new trendy style depending upon how you view it) with bitters and ingredients that highlight the alcohol rather than mask it.  The clientele is a mix of hotel guests, professionals from the area, and often local célébrité--casual and well dressed guests are all welcome.
Oh, and take advantage of the valet parking. I believe it's tip only if you make a bar purchase, but I've only ever walked or taken the streetcar so you might want to verify that by phone.I have been coming here for the great cocktails and bar scene for many years, way before the "craft cocktail" scene got soooooo hip. I went again recently and was reminded why this is not a typical hotel bar. It's a place where locals who like a fun bar scene come. The clueless out of towners are a bonus sideshow. My drinking companion and I both had a Swizzle Stick cocktail (so refreshing in the mid summer heat) and then a $5.50 glass of Sauvignon Blanc. So good. We also split a small plate of fried oysters with citrus and fennel salad. It was awesome. Throw in free valet parking and this NOLA boy is coming back soon!We found this place as we were looking for a cocktail after the fabulous afternoon tea at the Windsor Court.  It was listed as one of the top happy hours in New Orleans and it did not disappoint.  My wife had her first Sazerac which came in a glass that was iced, flavored and tossed in the air.  You have to come and order it, it's worth the experience.  I had the Planters Punch, the drink of the day.  Actually, I had three since they were only about $6 during happy hour.  We stumbled out a after about 1.5 hours or so, very happy and more than slightly tipsy. Very nice crowd.  More grown up than expected in New Orleans. And a very nice value for a Friday afternoon.My favorite bar scene on Poydras in the beautiful Loewe's Hotel is a must stop for any seeking respite and taste in the form of a delctable cold concoction, good conversation with friends new and old, in the most comfortable, well designed setting.I crave their margarita on rocks all the time.
Best I've ever had!!!
There was a strawberry daiquiri on the rocks they had as a special that was amazing as well. So fresh tasting with a slight kick in the ass. Delicious!Stopped in for a quick bite.  The fries are awesome.  The soup trio was a nice sampler and included gumbo and turtle soup. Ricardo makes a great drink too.  Nice happy hour specials.  Good service. For a hotel bar some really nice selections. I hope to get back and try more off the menu.Seriously, Lu makes the best old fashioned ever. It was perfectly balanced. The atmosphere is lovely; you can sit at the bar (the bar chairs are comfy) or lounge about on the sofas or at the tables adjacent.
We had great service and though I was last there with a large group. They were able to keep our tabs straight and amazingly all our bills came out correctly.Best bread pudding in the city. Come here at least once a month, and anytime a friend is in town this is always a must.A longtime fine drinking New Orleans hotel establishment. This place will probably outlive us all. Lovely & fairly priced original cocktails. I've had quite a few and have enjoyed all of them. 
Aside from that, ask for the Whiskey Smash from Reid, the fine Midwestern lad with the giant smile. Ladies, you can feel good about bringing him home to mom.Nice place to hang out for happy hour. We hung out in the lounge area of the bar. Very comfortable seating and one or two chess boards on the tables. The cocktails were pretty good and the fries were life changing - so good we ordered two. Take a break here between meals!This fancy place impressed me with their silvery Christmas decorations. For drink I got sazarac. I'm not a fan of it but I enjoyed their creative pics on the bar menu. My friend got the corndogs, which appeared to be really appealing. She said it wasn't too impressive but it was worth a try. The Parmesan fries were awesome even without ketchup or ranch (haven't felt this way for a long while). I had the Black Skillet Seared Gulf Fish, which was of such a small portion but I simply love it. I've been in this city for three days so far and I just still couldn't believe how they get so good at seasoning, spices and sauces the food. Seems like I'll have to work out really hard during my Christmas break to get back in shape! P.S., I really appreciate the waiter Shane who handled our group of almost 40 people and he's still so friendly and so gentle to everyone. Special credits for him!FYI single ladies...There were lots of guys sitting at the bar. 
Good looking place. 
Free Valet. 
Stiff drinks. 
The Oh Delicious cocktail was quite delicious.
I've had better Moscow Mules and fries though.This is an awesome place to go to get a perfectly crafted cocktail. I came here to keep the party going and was pleasantly surprised by the offerings. I usually stick to wine but when in Rome...I had the Lucy Broussard and thought it was great! 
The bar is dimly lit and has a good bit of seating around the bar plus additional seating away from the bar.this is everything a I would want it to be. We stopped in before eating at Cafe Adelaide next door and wow. The house drink are amazing, this is real mixology with clever names and all. The ambiance was not to be missed with a lovely live band that had the unique trait of being enjoyable without dominating. it was a great little bar and I'll be stopping back by next time in New Orleans. Also the concierge desk there at the hotel is the best I had encountered in quite a while.I am staying at the Loews in New Orleans and have been wary of stopping in at the hotel bar - mostly because it has been so well rated by both yelpers and locals I've interacted with alike and I was intimidated. I decided to go for happy hour and wish I had done so before my third night. Great prices on beer and wine, and $5 small plates that were out of this world. I ordered the cornfried catfish taco, the shrimp and Tasso corndog, and the fried boudin boulettes. I could review all, but suffice it to say, I wish I had stayed for dinner. Each bite was amazing, leaving you wanting more. The catfish taco was probably the most filling, but each of the bites I had were entirely appropriate for happy hour bites. What a treat! I was expecting the bill to be a bit steep after two doubles and three small plates, but was pleasantly surprised and felt entirely satisfied on all fronts.The Swizzle Stick Bar resides in the Loews hotel lobby, adjacent to Cafe Adelaide.  The large bar is centered in an elegantly appointed, high-ceiling space.  There are a few small tables comfortably laid out around the room, but it is far more worthwhile to take a seat at the bar.  It is a clean bar with a great lived-in look, fresh ingredients tucked all about and a slow-melting ice block prominently displayed in the center, red tongs clamped over it.
Lu Brow is the bartender associated with Swizzle Stick Bar, and she managed the bar with a sure hand wrapped in a very warm hospitality.  I've visited a great many wonderful cocktail bars in New Orleans, but only to a handful that seemed like places that could only exist here.  I believe the bartenders have a lot to do with it; only French 75 with Chris Hannah at the helm left the same feeling of transport back in time as at the Swizzle Stick Bar.
The long cocktail menu spotlights many classics, especially those from New Orleans, along with inventive custom drinks.  The quality of the drinks is excellent here, balanced and nuanced.  Clearly a bar of caliber, a great place for a drink, and blessedly quiet.This place is just inside the Lowes Hotel in the CBD. It is a nice little bar and lounge area that is mostly popular for lunch. 
They have this special that if you order an entree (usually around $15) you can also order up to three 25 cent martinis. That is worth it alone. I mean, the average price for a martini in a four-star hotel already runs about $8. 
By the way, these martinis were the normal martini size and had the right portion of alcohol in them. So you actually get your money worth. The entrees also include a side salad or soup and comes with a loaf of hot French bread. 
If you are staying in the CBD, it is a must stop. If you ate staying in the FQ, it is worth the walk for a great lunch with practically free martinis. 
I am not sure if they offer the 25 cent martini special on the weekend, but I know they have it M-F.We've been going to the Swizzle Stick since my girlfriend lived down in the CBD, and we always liked it as a place to go when you couldn't decide where you wanted to go, and somehow we just ended up there.  It's a good hotel bar in that there are always seats open at the bar, the bartenders know what they're doing, and it's mostly full of business travellers, so you can hide out there and not see people you know if you don't want to.  They have a decent selection of wines BTG, and all the standard booze.
Plus, they've got that old-school huge block of ice in the center behind the bar, which is cool.
It's maybe not worth going out of your for, but if you're down on Poydras and just need one, it's a good go-to.We had consistently amazing food during our visit to New Orleans.  I went back several times.  Amazing drinks as well.  Only place we had a "real" Hurricane.  Also the bartenders were very helpful in giving us recommendations of where to go and what to see in New Orleans.Classy place with good food though the waitstaff... not as much. 
I was in the area and after reading some glittering reviews of the "Happier Hour" here, I went in. The bar area was packed and raucous. I was hoping for a seat there but ended up in the dining room. 
I ordered an Adelaide Swizzle, a signature drink. I loved the slight bitter taste but it had a ton of ice! Would have loved more ;-) During the happy hour (3-6), these are $6. I also ordered the shrimp corndogs and Soup 1-1-1 from the happy hour menu,  which was a taste of three of their soups. 
The turtle soup was great, and set the bar high for the others. You can taste the sherry. The shrimp and okra gumbo very tasty. Soup du jour was a pureed sweet potato Chipotle. I prefer soups with texture, so this felt like it was missing something. Maybe a spicy kick? It tasted nice with some pickled okra that came on the side of my shrimp corndogs.
The shrimp and tasso corndogs were very tasty. I loved how the 5 pepper jelly glaze lingers in your mouth. There was too much cornbread on them for me. It made this "appetizer" very filling and heavy. 
They also served hot bread and whipped butter. 
The staff, my main issue, were hit and miss. Sometimes I had to flag them down to get something, or when I went for 10 minutes without water. They dropped plates and were often chatting. Maybe the bar space would have been better?A hidden gem for sure. Excellent service and the bartenders are SO talented and enthusiastic. Every cocktail I've ever had there has blown my mind. You can just tell them what flavor you're looking. For and they'll pull something out of their asses and it will be the best drink you ever had. Really, really talented folks. 
Definitely a place to check out especially if you're into craft cocktails. 
Big, open windows with lots of natural lighting and people watching!I love this place. I've been here a dozen times and the staff is always top notch. Their cocktails are delicious and the vibe is cool. Try the Clio Street Cooler.UPDATE: SERIOUSLY... Lu.... I never thought I could love another bartender on the same level as Chris Hannah (I'm mildly obsessed with him) but Lu...has done it... The reason I say this is because she has brought me to a point in my life that I actually like GIN!!! Yes... Me... Gin... Never thought it would happen, but she definitely brought this change on with one of the most refreshing cocktails I ever had.  All her cocktails leave you thinking that this is a wonderful world...Makes me want to dance around in the field as if I was a fairy on True Blood. You can't go wrong with her serious knowledge of perfecting cocktails. She alone is worth going visit ASAP.Maybe the best french fries I've ever had.  Perfection!  Great service at the bar.This bar was everything we expected after having met Ms. Ti Adelaide Martin at Commander's Palace a few years ago. The staff was fantastic, especially Ricardo, the bartender, who was very knowledgeable and friendly. It was a pleasure starting New Orleans' Happy Hour at The Swizzle Stick. We'll be back!
Thank you to Brian for bringing my gift bag to Compere Lapin. Just superb service!I have thoroughly enjoyed my stay in New Orleans and Loews thus far; though tonight, after a long day, I decided to end the night with a quick night cap at the hotel bar. After having to literally flag down the bartender for a drink, because they were so preoccupied talking to the other staff about the basketball game, I ordered a martini and dessert.  When my drink was delivered, being the good southern girl my mother raised, I thanked the bartender...his response was a quick "yah".  I appreciate that he was able to make my off the menu drink request but part of the enjoyment of sitting at a hotel bar is conversing with the knowledgeable bartender about all the city has to offer.  Though I have several nights left in this fair city, I will not suffer through another boring night at this bar with their unengaging, down right rude staff.After a poor experience at Pat O'briens, we came here. It was excellent. Drinks were fantastically made and the gumbo was incredible. Relaxed atmosphere with great service.As I am currently drinking a home version of their signature cocktail, I felt I should review the bar.  My only occasion to drink here was last year's Tale of the Cocktail and I had visited MANY free tasting rooms that day.  Yet the bartenders were kind and quick to supply me with more alcohol. They made sure I knew about drink specials and supplied us with snacks.  We felt well taken care of in addition to being well lubricated.Such a cool atmosphere and you can feel the connection to the city while sitting inside enjoying a unique beverage.Great signature drink even better prices! I was a guest at the hotel and needed to allow maid to clean room decided to try the bar as I just did not want to just sit around in the lobby. Glad I did their signature drink was refreshing and reasonable. The swizzle Adelaide it's a refreshing citrusy drink with a punch.With a comfortable environment and tasty cocktails, the Swizzle Stick Bar "sticks" out above the rest. 
Determined to try a number of highly recommended bars, my wife and I decided it was time to try a Sunday morning cocktail. With that in mind, we trekked off to the Swizzle Stick Bar, a hot and sticky 10 minute walk from our hotel. 
This was much more comfortable than the comparable Bar Uncommon at the Pere Marquette. What set it apart? The fabulous and friendly bartender that served us. While she doesn't have the name recognition that Chris McMillan has over at Bar Uncommon, she was much more friendly and easier to talk to. To me, that makes a load of difference as far as being comfortable while you drink.
Both my wife and I chose refreshing cocktails with a citrus bent to them. The list of cocktails had classics and Swizzle Stick-inspired creations. I would try any of them, as both my wife's drink and my drink were fantastic. The cocktails are made with fresh juice, and it was nice to see that each pre-made ingredient had a date on it so that you knew you were getting fresh-made stuff. The coolest thing at the bar? The giant block of ice which (I'm assuming) is used to make drinks with. I was a fan.
One thing I do want is to come back in the evening sometime when the music is playing and the people are packed in. I feel like this place would have a good vibe at night. 
So, I can't wait to swizzle my stick the next time I'm at the Swizzle Stick Bar and mix things up a bit. I'll be back.We stopped in here for drinks and snacks, and it was great! The shrimp corn dogs, deviled eggs, and parmesan fries were delicious. Way better than average bar food. Fantastic cocktails, as well. Friendly staff and good service.Stopped in to catch the end of a game and have some cocktails on a Monday night. The Pimms Cup was refreshing and tart and the 21st Amendment which was sweet and intense. I enjoyed both. It was quiet (only about 7 or 8 patrons total) and the service was quick. The bartenders were really nice--they were working on developing new summer special drinks and offered us a sample of an experimental margarita. Much appreciated!The cocktails are creative and delicious. The atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable. The bartenders are very knowledgable and friendly. The food.......... The food is outstanding! I had the shrimp corn dog. I ordered it because I thought it sounded interesting and I practically licked the plate. Seriously, you have to try it, it's outstanding!This bar is located inside of the Loews Hotel on Poydras St. They have a happy hour menu with lots of choices but I recommend ordering a Bloody Mary or asking the bartender Julian to make you "his" drink. Both are fabulous! I've had a lot of Bloody Marys all over the US and this is by far my favorite. It was spicy with salty creole seasoning around the rim, complemented with lemon and lime wedges, olives, pickled okra, and pickled green beans. For $7.50 (with top shelf vodka), you won't find a better deal or better tasting drink!The food and drinks are good. However not amazing! One of our food items wasn't delivered. The drinks were good. The food was good. However nothing was amazing.  If you want an incredible happy hour- go to Luke!Happy Hour was a success. We had the Lemon, Time and Parmesan Fries and the House Smoked Boudin Boulettes along with a Big Smooch cocktail each and we're thoroughly impressed. 
Our service was very good and attentive. The only drawback was that we did not receive silverware and our drinks took a little long to be prepared. 
I would certainly recommend this place for a solid HH!Absolutely incredible. Get the hell out of the French quarter and come here to enjoy great drinks and even better service. The prices were fair (especially during happy hour) and mixed with fresh ingredients. Our waitress was perfectly attentive, knowledgable, and polite. Highly recommendedFor a hotel bar pretty good a little pricy 12 a cocktail but I guess that's what they get in NOLAWe ordered the Adelaide swizzle cocktail and the Whodat rum punch on happy hour -- what a letdown. Both were overly sweet and not terribly alcoholic. The Adelaide swizzle tasted more like a Shirley Temple than anything else.
The soup trio is amazing though! The turtle soup was my favorite. I love this concept.
Service and ambiance were okay. It's a hotel bar and it feels like a hotel bar. Not a bad place to get your night going if you're staying at the Loews but I would not go out of my way to come here.Excellent Food! There was silence at our table as we devoured the deliciousness!
Ambiance: we arrived late, 10 minutes before the kitchen closed. The staff was very nice and accommodating, seating us in the lobby lounge at a nice large table. The Lobby lounge had a hint of plantation decor that was easy and nice. I was glad we were there instead of the bar which seemed much louder. I will say, we were confused at to what was Cafe Adelaide and what was Swizzle Stick, but I guess it did not matter.
Service: Our waitress was super nice and friendly and easy to laugh. Helped us make decisions on the food and drink. 
Food: Very tasty. We ordered all the appetizers and a couple sides. This included: 
Shrimp & Tasso "Corndogs" wild white shrimp dipped in tasso corndog batter with pepper jelly, pickled okra, & Crystal hot sauce butter sauce. It was awesome! We ordered two rounds
Duck Ham & Goat Cheese Flatbread with sweet green tomato jam, pickled chilies, cebollitas, and goat cheese creme. Very good and nice blend of flavors.
Shrimp Remoulade Panzanella with French bread croutons, pickled vegetables, marinated cucumber, cherry tomatoes, Creole shrimp remoulade & crab boiled corn coulis. I would skip this one next time for more of the others. It was only okay in comparison to the flavors of the rest.
Pepper Jelly Glazed Brussels Sprouts - YUM
Lyonniase Sweet Potatoes -  Fantasic!
Lemon and Herb Fries - also very tasty.
Drinks: I had the Sazerac rye whiskey, bitters, rinse of Herbsaint - it was strong and bold. One friend had something with sparkling wine, it was light and flavorful. Another friend Purple Haze beer with complete satisfaction.
I would go here again if I am in the neighborhood.They give you free valet parking for happy hour. Of all the bars I've been to in New Orleans, I think this place has the best Tom Collins. It gets really crowded at night, so my visit right at the beginning of happy hour on a weeknight was the better experience where there were tables/sofas to sit at.Tiki Shic. Don't miss the signature drink, the Adelaide Swizzle. The bartenders work magic with rum and Velvet falernum. I love this place.Great food, fun staff and good drinks. Big block of ice in center of bar for single barrel scotch.The bar is in the Loews hotel and has a great happy hour.  They have some speciality cocktails available and for happy hour, their house wine is only $4.00, beer is $3.00 and some cocktails are $5 or $6.00.  The happy hour finger foods are $3-6.00.  You can order other food choices as well.  I had the corn fried catfish taco and it was very good.  I also had the soup sampler which was a small cup of gumbo and the soup of the day (sweet potato).  They were good but the catfish taco was my favorite.  The house wine was pretty good as well.  I did find that when sitting at one of the tables, I was not waited on so next time I went back I sat at the bar.This was my last stop before leaving New Orleans on Sunday afternoon. The bar was surprisingly crowded for noon on a Sunday. They had a really creative cocktail list, which wasn't necessarily what I was looking for, but it was a nice change after 5 days of more typical classic cocktails. I had a whiskey-based drink that also involved champagne. It's been long enough that I've now forgotten what else was in it, but it was really tasty. I tried to replicate it at home shortly after the trip, but failed miserably...making whiskey and champagne taste good together is tough, and they did a really good job! Husband's manhattan was also quite good. Since my parents were picking us up from our hotel across the street, I grabbed them a couple of frozen strawberry daiquiris to go, and they really seemed to love them.Julian you Rock as a Great Bartender and pleasant human being.
Thank you for the awesome service, drinks, appetizers.
The Commanders Palace Team is all over it.
Bog Thank you from Laura and I on her Birthday Celebration week.
RegardsVery nice place to have a "fancy" drink. Cute decor and an adorable and descriptive drink menu. We had a fab server who helped my husband (who is a whiskey enthusiast) find the perfect drink. I can't remember what I ordered.. but it was something girly and delicious off the menu. Plus our drinks were very pretty!
A classy start to a fun night! Plus.. it's very close to the casino!Came in here for a drink and we were completely disregarded. The bartender skipped over us to help an older, wealthier looking man that came in after us.Pretty sure these are the best possible cocktails in existence. Might be why the word "cocktail" was invented.Initial impression of service was disappointing. We first sat in the cocktail area and the server never got to us :( went up to the bar instead and enjoyed our time there. 
I tried a couple of their signature cocktails, brandy milk? I think was the name was my fav.Went with co-workers while attending a meeting in NOLA. Service was slow and the drinks were nothing to write home about. 
I will say that the bar was very full so that may have impacted how long it took to get a server to our table of 6. 
Server had little knowledge of the cocktails on the menu and a colleague who ordered a scotch near received it with ice. The order was fixed by pouring the drink over a strainer into another glass - never mind it was already dilute by the melted ice. Unacceptable for any place but especially one charging what they charge. Would not go again.Lu Brow is worth her weight on gold, and she runs a very good ship. The seasonal cocktail menu often holds creative and exciting cocktails. With Cafe Adelaide right next door, this place has the best bites to sop up the booze.
It's on the our NOLA bar tour for friends who come in from out of town.Definitely a cute stop on our NOLA trip.
I'd been wanting to try the turtle soup at Commander's Palance, but we pack light on our jaunts and they require evening attire, so I was jazzed to learn on arrival to Swizzle Stick that they serve the same soup here.
Honestly I think I made this a stop purely on the name, but the service and food (the bread pudding was pure amazing) definitely came through. I also recommend ordering the bread pudding up front, as it takes about 20+ minutes to make.
It is a bit on the pricey side as it's in a hotel, and it's less fancy than the name would have you believe. But they chip off ice for your drink from a huge block, and it's a comfortable spot near the ferry if you're coming back from a trip.
I didn't end up loving (but did enjoy) my turtle soup but definitely would return for the bread pudding. Also a shout out to the fantastic service which cobbled together a sweet tea for me even though they don't normally serve it.
All in all, would definitely return!Fun drinks, excellent street views, good service and ample seating.  Good venue for lighthearted drinks with colleagues or friends.Hey!  The bar should publicize that they share the menu, kitchen, and location with Café Adelaide!  But, then, I guess you local Yelpers know that.  In town for several days of business meetings, I walked into Cafe Adelaide's entrance for a solo lunch, a bit too early for service, and opted for the Swizzle Stick Bar when I saw its room and examined its bar menu.  This bar is great; nice décor and feel to it.  Lots of big windows with a view of one of the entrances to Harrah's Casino, for some people-watching.  I started with a Bloody Mary.  What a treat to have a very generous garnish of pickled green beans, okra, and olives on a Bloody Mary with a hint of chili powder; great taste.  Loved it.  I started with a bowl of the turtle soup, very tasty with the complimentary crusty bread.  I ordered the shrimp remoulade, which is served cold on a bed of mixed greens; one could call it a salad.  The bartenders are great and set a nice, friendly, service for your bar food.  A very enjoyable meal.Very nice upscale bar...  Great place to grab a drink before or after dinner.  A little bit of a walk from the French Quarter, so think twice before you hoof it over from that part of town in 5 inch platform stilletos.  Worth checking out though.Stopped in here for some appetizers and a drink to go before starting on our 2.5 mile trek back to the AirBnB. Don't be mistaken, it's inside the hotel and also has another name associated with it, I just can't remember what it is. Sorry!
We got the Parmesan truffle fries, 3 soup trio (turtle soup, lobster bisque, seafood gumbo) and their happy hour drinks. All were reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. I think the fries were $7 but the serving was huge and could feed more than 2 people. The soups were awesome and were served with a warm loaf of bread- although crusty and made a huge mess when trying to pull them apart.  Service was awesome!  Worth it to check out.Excellent cocktails--I loved the Tequila Mockingbird, despite the punny name. Prices are reasonable for such well-crafted drinks, coming in at between $9-11 for most. The glasses are a bit small, probably the actual correct serving size for a cocktail, which means you can easily damage your wallet despite the modest prices since you may have several drinks. Not that I'm speaking from experience!
Our server was very nice but perhaps overwhelmed; the service was beyond slow. I would opt to sit at the bar next time to be served more quickly.One of my favorite craft cocktail stops in New Orleans. Bartenders are super fun and really know their cocktails! Literally carved ice off a block for our drink! Do yourself a favor and stop here for a couple of drinks before wandering around the french quarter!Starving after long trip from California. Really nice atmosphere. Not an exciting wine list so we enjoyed some nice mixed drinks. Staff was amazingly friendly. Will definitely go back.Before my trip to New Orleans I did a lot of research online. This place looks very cute. Upon my arrival it was very crowded. Nestled up to the bar. It did take quite some time to get the attention of the bartender. The drinks here take some time to make. But my drink was well-made and I enjoyed it. The crowd here is diverse. Slow to refill my next drink. So I Return another day to give them a second look. The crowd had left but the service was still slow. This place is so charming I still would come back.We usually don't waste our time at hotel bars. This place is definitely an exception. Unique cocktails prepared and expertly served by a knowledgeable, professional staff. The boss is Lu Brow, Just type her name in Google and you'll know you have to go there for a cocktail. This lady knows cocktails. Get a Mad Hatter. Try a Casserole Cocktail, or a Wild Magnolia. No.... not wine or beer, get a cocktail! Oh, and you can order some awesome cheesecake to have after (or with) your cocktail.We started our night out in New Orleans at this place after checking into the hotel and being informed that there was a happy hour going on. Before you get too excited, realize that happy hour entails domestic beers, some wine, and the one signature drink of the day. The rest of the cocktail menu is at full price. The drink of the night was some version of Adelaide Swizzle. The bartender was upfront with us and told us that it was sweet, so I didn't bother and opted for the Ella Old Fashioned (an old fashioned made with Dewar's). It was pretty good and the presentation is kind of neat as they hack off a chunk of ice from an ice block in the center of the bar. The lady had some sweet citrusy drink which seemed decent but nothing to write home about. Overall service was quick (though the bar was pretty empty) and prices were a bit high so I probably wouldn't stop by here unless you're staying at the Loews hotel.If you want a swanky cocktail in an upscale setting, this is your place. There is a giant ice block in the center of the bar, which is used for the various handmade cocktails -- what more do you need? It's a great place to stop on the way to the casino or the warehouse district. 
The cocktails were all made with quality ingredients and reasonably priced ($8-$12) for a nice hotel lobby. I had a Plymouth martini and a Manhattan, both of which were perfectly balanced. My girlfriend enjoyed the Adelaide Swizzle and the Zen Garden. I also tried the Blood & Sand, which was a bit too sweet and fruity. 
I'll dock a stars for the quality of service. Bartenders were quick enough to take your order and make drinks, but they seemed overall distracted even though it was a not-particularly-busy Monday evening. They didn't seem up for venturing off the menu, other than for the standard cocktails and weren't very up for conversation.
A few last notes: They don't have draft beer (why would you need it at a cocktail bar). And don't be that guy that orders a High Life.I swing by here every now and then after work, they have awesome drink/app specials for happy hour (3-6) and the bartenders are always friendly and knowledgeable. I've never had any food here but I will say that the Lucy Broussard (has champagne in it #SOLD Pama Pomegranate liqueur, St. Germain Elderflower liqueur, lemon bitters, red in color) is my fav thing to get. It is on the boozier side so I say sip on only one if you have a low tolerance like me. This is a cool place to relax and have a drink with your friends, the bar itself is clean and has a modern feel.Corn dogs are to die for!! Pepper jelly sauce is perfection! Sunset on the Plaza was a nice tart drink. Burger was yummy too.You can't pass up this good time. The staff is amazing and upon leaving our sweater they chased us up the block. Great group and great drinks. The bar bites are also delicious...tamale!I had the pork chop. Very tender and full of flavor. Drinks and service were good. Food was fantastic.Bring your friends in for an awesome happy hour.
Everything on the special menu is priced well and it's perfect for sharing with friends.
Look for Charlie, he took very good care of us and made our visit memorable.
Listen to his suggestions!  Charles C is right, he should pick the HH menu.
You won't regret the shrimp corn dog with a creamy crystal glaze.
Remember to ask Charlie about his own cocktail creations.
Unless you feel like going with the flow...the HH cocktail are pretty darn good.
Be sure to bring your appetite!It was under construction when we were there but omg those corndog batter shrimp were insanely good. I got them twice while staying at Loews.The waiters are knowledgeable and more than happy to help you.  Be sure to try Pirate Jerry's Snow Ball.  Delish!  It's a great place to sit, have a drink and chat.  Parking can be a little difficult however.Not sure what the hype about this place is is, especially with the okay-ish cocktails, messy bar, dirty and wet floors, and slow service. Drinks are not that cheap either unless you catch the happy hour but even then, the offers are limited to just a few drinks. You could probably easily find a better bar.