I thoroughly enjoyed our meal here!  Every course was equally fantastic. We loved the oyster appetizer. The shrimp and grits were phenomenal, and the tarte for dessert was perfect.I can't speak to the food, but the service was abysmal. We were seated, and ordered shortly thereafter.  We waited for an hour without receiving our food, or hearing anything from our server. When asked, the server said our dishes were "coming right out." Ten minutes later we asked again, and were told the food was "coming now." ANOTHER ten minutes pass and it became clear that the restaurant had no intention of feeding us, so we decide to leave. On our way out, we encountered the server one last time, who offered a feeble apology for the lack of food but made no attempt to make things right. This is the first time I've ever walked out of a restaurant; I do not expect to return to Tableau.Classy, expensive, delicious, noisy, open kitchen, good service, amazing smells, great desserts, side and entrees.Dinner for 4 at 7pm on Saturday.  Our waiter was great, the drink girl was not (she took a long time to bring sparkling water, espresso).  Food was meh.  The blue cheese salad was the best thing I had (my stepmom said the same thing), and it was a 10.  We shared the 4 appetizer sampler, which was ok.  Next time I'd drop that and just get the crab claws and shrimp remoulade because they were both good.  There are only three seafood entrees: BBQ shrimp (pretty good),The food was pretty good, but certainly nothing extraordinary. What stood out most to our group, was the service. Service was slow. We had a waiter and waitress -- I'm still not sure who our main server was. In any case, at no point did our servers offer any recommendations, no one checked to hear how our meals were and most shockingly, no one asked if we wanted more drinks. This was certainly a disappointing experience.We stopped here for drinks and apps before heading out for the night. We sat on the balcony which has a great view of Jackson Square. The service was terrible. Our server barely mumbled a word to us and was very slow and unfriendly. However, there was another server that came over and said he would be helping out too, he was awesome and very friendly. We had the redfish beignets which were good, the braised pork belly which was about 5 pieces of pork fat that we sent back which I never do. We had the burrata bruschetta which I didn't like but other people probably would, I just don't like burrata cheese. The happy hour deals were very good for drinks. The food...I guess we got what we paid for.I would like to have had the opportunity to leave a good review, however did not make it past the rude front of the house staff and decided to leave.  I am local and this restaurant has been on my list.  I had a Thursday afternoon so decided to stop in. It was clear the restaurant is used to heavy tourist foot traffic and has no regard for how the customer is treated because they know another hungry passerby will walk in after one leaves.  
About half of the tables were empty at 4pm. I asked for a table on the patio balcony or courtyard. He said I could not sit there. I asked why as there were people there and many open tables. He said they were no longer seating that area. Then I asked about the balcony as I had preferred to sit up there but he must have not heard me. He said there was no seating there. I said well when is there seating I would come back some other time? I explained I was local and just wanted to try their restaurant and have al freco dining whenever that may be. His pretentious attitude continues..... A man in a suit walked up and the host appeared to change his tune and questioned what I had said, but O was already turned off from the experience.  Too bad, the menu looks interesting. I do not like to dress up and go put to eat alone only to be treated like crap however. I recommend Rouses grocery around the corner, get some to go food and eat in the park!Not a great experience. It started off well enough...we had an 8:30 reservation on a Saturday night. We were seated promptly and got a great table on the balcony. Our server and two other people assisting her introduced themselves...we talked about the menu and got recommendations. The drinks came quickly...but it was downhill from there. We sat there for close to 40 minutes without anyone saying a word to us, and then finally one of the servers came by and seemed to just realize we hadn't gotten any food yet and she made a comment that it should be out soon. About 10 minutes later our appetizers arrived. We were sharing, so I asked for small plates, which we didn't get. After we finished, the plates were quickly removed. Another 30 minutes passed with no one saying anything to us, so we flagged down the server to ask for some bread (which we had noticed other tables getting). It came out pretty promptly, but there was still no sign of our food. 20 minutes pass and one of the servers stopped by and asked if we needed anything. I said "our entrees??" And she got flustered and walked away. At this point we were actually considering leaving, and our main server finally comes to the table (at this point we've been at the table for an hour and 45 minutes) to tell us that she had no idea when our food was coming. She actually joked that it could be next Tuesday.  Before I could even comment she told us the entrees would be comped for our wait, but when I asked if she thought we would actually get food any time soon, she basically implied that we wouldn't. The kitchen seemed to be in total meltdown. It didn't seem like anything was coming out at all (we had noticed another table getting irate close by for the same reason). We decided to leave. For what it's worth the server was super apologetic about it all...seemed genuinely embarrassed, did not try to give us a bill for our drinks and appetizers, but I was surprised a manager never stopped by the table during this, as I saw him go by the table many times dealing with other tables having issues.  Ultimately the place was in chaos, and after being there for almost two hours we had to go to another restaurant down the street to get a meal.  Maybe it was just a really bad night for the restaurant, but I'm not willing to give them another shot so with so many other options in the area.I've been wanting to write a review since I left Nola! First, the host there was quite gracious when we mentioned that it was our anniversary, he quickly sat us down without reservation. He was very courteous to hand me a black dinner cloth to avoid white lint to my black dress. He deserves cool points for that gesture. Next, we were greeted by Miss Jasmine who was very friendly and she has a beautiful smile on the whole time. Then we were also greeted by Carl (another waiter), loved how upbeat and vivid he goes on about their menu and answering questions. We ordered a white riesling bottle but was then upsell for a nicer, tastier white Germany wine bottle by professionally presenting to us. He's definitely exceptional on customer service! My soulmate and I intentionally started small because we really did planned on "snacking" there before attending another restaurant for dinner. Who doesn't do that when out of town?! We were congratulated and presented with a turducken on top of a crisp sweet potatoe thin slice and with chives and sauce. Great way to start our night and hungry stomach! Anyways, we ordered appetizers:  Grand Royale (Crabmeat ravigote, shrimp rémoulade, truffled crab fingers, oysters maison). Great starter for two and make sure you have your whole bottle of wine!WILD MUSHROOM & TALEGGIO CROSTINI
(Shallots, thyme, rosemary, taleggio, bourbon cream sauce) - LOVED IT! Well prepared and sauce was delicious. Then I wanted whiskey. Miss Jasmine introduced me to their wellknown Nola whiskey drink Sazerac with a zesty orange piece (smooth and light tarte, rye, ..not close to water down)! It's Perfect to have after the starters and easily convinced to have another meal! We went with À la Oscar lump crab, asparagus, béarnaise. They kindly split our plates and made it very presentable! Steak was tender along with the sauce, crab & asparagus! Before we had our meal, we took a break to their patio courtyard, jazz music was nicely played and we dance waiting for our food. It was PERFECT!  Eddie saw us from the balcony and took phenomenonal pictures as if we were in a classis short film- he captured a still moment of our affection for each other! whoa!  This place made it beyond exceptional and one of the best fine dining experiences I've had in NEW ORLEANS! And I won't forget the last plate- they even top it off with a dessert on the house VANILLA BEAN CRÈME BRÛLÉE: Traditional custard, caramelized sugar. Amazing service and staffs!Loved everything I ate. They have a good looking burger for people who are picky. Happy hour drinks are awesome! $5 select mixed drinks and draft beers 2-5Fine dining establishment. Great wait staff. Great water refills. Kitchen was timely and accurate.
I had the bbq shrimp and grits. Seen it on lots of menu so I thought I'd try it. Very different. Not sure I like them mixed but at least they were separated. The grits were very tasty. The bbq was  great. This meal is very good but not ideal for people who not like foods to mixed/touching.
The pear salad was delicious. The portion was on the small side.
The chicken entree was huge. The chicken was cooked perfectly. The potatoes were seasoned nicely. Only issue was that it contained mushrooms which was not listed on the menu.We met two friends for dinner here last night. One person didn't comment on his food but ate all of it. The other 3 of us really enjoyed our food: fried oysters ,asparagus salad and gumbo soup were worthy of note. Entrees commented on were rare tuna (best ever tasted), petit fillet with homemade frites, and another app of mushrooms and shrimp. We sat in courtyard and it was lovely. Only glitch is that it took quite a while to receive our (high end) bottle of wine. I was the only one still eating when it arrived. It was ordered about halfway through the meal.Absolutely wonderful dinner. This was one of the few places we could get a table for five.  We started with French onion soup and the butter lettuce salad.  Freshest ingredients for the salad and a warm creamy light dressing that didn't overpower the salad.  Two of us had shrimp and grits. Best grits I've ever had perfect blends of butter and grit. The other two had the mahi mahi special which had a creole mix of rice, corn, speckled beans, and other veggies.We had a great experience. When we arrived we alerted our server, Scott, that we were on a tight time schedule as we had tickets for Le Petit Theatre' Sleeping Beauty (also terrific). We never felt rushed. My beef tournedos was tender; the bearnaise was perfect. My wife equally loved her red fish. Overall, we highly recommend.The atmosphere was nice. The restaurant is in a historic building, not tacky....very classic French look. I ordered a basic Caesar salad and the filet in a bordelaise sauce. Perfectly cooked and seasoned nice. The only reason I would give this place 4 stars is because of the gnocchi. It was extremely greasy and overpowered by citrus. The creme brûlée was very good; tasted like a vanilla roasted marshmallow and by request they added strawberries. I would return to tableau and would recommend to anyone looking for French cuisine.Our group of ten descended upon Tableau for a 730pm dinner on a Thursday night. We found the restaurant quite busy but our long empty table was waiting for us almost in the center of the dining room behind the bar like an oasis in a desert. I think we broke a rule by walking through the bar serving area but we were hungry and that was the shortest route to start eating. 
Service the entire evening was spot on. We plowed through a couple bottles of Stag Leap while waiting for our entrées which seemed to arrive after a reasonable wait. We also gnawed on these tiny little crab fingers which was a first for me. Delicious though. 
My wife ordered the BBQ Shrimp and Grits while I went with the Tableau Chicken. The shrimp turned out to be giant with the heads still on and eyeballs looking at you. I couldn't eat them but my wife had no trouble. She didn't go as far as sucking out the meat from the heads though. My chicken was excellent and I loved the béarnaise sauce on top. The others all cleared their plates in preparation for dessert. 
For dessert, my wife chose the Tart a la Bouille to share with me while others picked the monkey bread. The tart was the low point of the evening and a mistake as the monkey bread was much better. All in all an excellent meal out with our friends.At Tableau on old Jackson Square --
Do visit the upstairs bar there. 
You might meet Miss Laura,
Who hails from Splendora!
She's a mixologist beyond COMPARE!
Also the food was exquisite. Cozy setting, great drinks, personal and friendly service from the above-mentioned Laura. We are going back tonight for at least one more cocktail!!The shrimp and grits were fantastic. Portion sizes are small for Nola but that's normal for me  French soup is also excellent though not always offered.The four of us had a great overall dining experience. Based on the service and our meal here, I'm looking forward to trying the owner's other properties.I was really disappointed in our dinner. My spinach salad and the bread pudding we're great. Everything else was terrible - abysmal service. The management completely understaffed our large party which meant it took an hour for the waitress to take our order and the delays continued throughout the meal. It took 4 hours to have dinner! The server broke a glass with a full cocktail on one of our party. To top it off we had to haggle with management to avoid an automatic 20% tip. Unacceptable.I would agree 100% on the awesomeness of the food. The restaurant is conveniently located at the corner, right next to the cathedral and Jackson Square. The interior design is classy, with plenty of seats on both first and second floor. They also have a mini yard on first floor if you want some privacy, and patio seats on the second floor where you can see people walking by. The only thing is, our waiter seemed to be a little too laid back. Took quite a long time to get check, and appeared aloof.Lovely Brennan's brunch styled breakfast.  Went classic with the eggs benedict and bottomless mimosas.  My husband liked the shrimp and grits.  Too hot to sit outside, but still had a decent view from inside on the second floor.The food was below average for a Brennan's restaurant. I ordered off the Revillon menu, and it was nothing special. The service was absolutely TERRIBLE!!! Our waiter completely ignored us the entire time we were in the restaurant. He walked right by us, and never once asked to refill our drinks, check on our food, or just see how we were doing. We waited for our entrees for over an hour, and when we finally did get them they weren't even that great. It definitely didn't live up to he Brennan's restaurant standards in taste or in service. Then, the waiter continued to ignore us. He didn't come and find out our dessert orders or if we wanted the check. Finally, another waitress came and asked if we wanted dessert. We did, so we ordered. We finally got all our dessert about thirty minutes later, my ice cream was melted, and the other desserts were cold! One of the managers paid for our desserts since they were melted and cold. It was a horrible experience, and we will not eat there again. This restaurant isn't worth the price you pay for their food. DONT RECOMMEND!!On a Sunday night, at the very end of Jazz Fest, we were on a hunt for a final night decent meal.  We searched several restaurants and had a lot of difficulty finding a decent spot. Either too busy or closing early. 
Our 5th attempt we walked in here and it was packed. We expected to be turned away but instead we were treated wonderfully.  The Maitre'd took us up an elevator, thru a kitchen, to an upstairs area.  We were seated at a very quiet bar with only a few tables up there.  It was a nice reprieve from the loudness downstairs. 
We then met our server Clarence. He welcomed us with a smile and wrapped up his other tables while we looked over the menu. 
We asked him for advice and boy did he provide us with wonderful menu advice.  He was young but extremely knowledgeable, knew the menu in and out and the history of the restaurants. He was truly one of the best servers we have ever had in New Orleans or even home.  Give that guy a raise if you are listening!!! 
We had great wine, the oysters wrapped in bacon on rosemary skewers to start. 
For dinner we had Shrimp and grits with the worlds most heavenly sauce.  Literally - this sauce should be bottled.  This would be one of the best things I have ever tasted and I will try ever so hard to duplicate. 
I had the redfish grilled in a wine, lemon and butter sauce. I also ordered a side of the goat cheese grits.  Both meals were excellent. 
We couldn't finish them and it killed us to not be able to take them with us. (Our hotel didn't have a fridge or a way to reheat sadly). 
I will gladly be back and absolutely ask to sit with Clarence again.The food here was delicious! Nice portion sizes with great taste! Wait staff is attentive but run more in the background then continuously checking in. Wish the brunch menu had a few other lunch options but overall great food!My family of six had just arrived into NOLA and were looking for a fine restaurant. Service was amazing and the Chicken Tableau was incredible! Enjoy.Exceeded my expectations!! We went for mothers day brunch/brunch following a wedding. Service was great! Food was amazing!
I really enjoyed the Eggplant fingers and blue cheese salad. 
They also had a live band playing throughout the morning throughout the restaurant. Will make sure to return here next time in the cityThere were four in our party, exhausted from a day of touring, and we stopped in for light appetizers and cocktails. We ordered the gnocchi and cheese platter, happily sitting outdoors on the balcony while watching the antics of the performers below us in the square. It felt like a truly authentic New Orleans kind of thing to do. Wish we had the appetite & energy for a full meal, and we'll definitely come back!Came here for happy hour. Their menu is good, so that's a plus. Unfortunately, our bartender Lisa was very rude to us so we will not come back. She was nice to the older tourists at the end of the bar, but had no love for the two young girls just trying to rack up a nice bar tab at the the end of the day. We took our wallets to SouBou and got much better service.Still love the venue, great balcony (if they will let you sit up there for happy hour which is rare), and probably the best happy hour in the French quarter... Three dollar wines including a Sauvignon blanc, $3 beers (apparently all on tap, haven't sampled), both upstairs and downstairs bar. Upstairs bar recommended as better service from my experiences, but obviously depends upon the bartender on duty.
If they added a healthy salmon or tuna to the menu I would put this next on my list for dinner for sure!Tableau has a great location off of Jackson Square and is in a very attractive older building that is classic French Quarter NOLA.  I had very high hopes for my meal there.  Unfortunately we were seated upstairs and the decor was just so so.  Our service was not great and we had to call the manager over to have them step it up a bit, after that it improved.  The food was good but was pricey.  For the price I would have expected something closer to perfection.  Go for the atmosphere and don't expect outstanding service. Cool atmosphere (sitting on balcony would be nice) and decent food - but I might search out better.This was the first of our Coolinary outings this year, when we get to treat ourselves to nice dinners at places we haven't been to before. In our six years of this tradition, Tableau was the best experience we have had so far. The atmosphere is classy yet comfortable, the music is perfect, the service is outstanding and the food almost brought tears to my eyes it was so good. And when we told them it was my birthday, they brought us two glasses of prosecco on the house!
I don't think we can wait until next August to hit this place again.We sat upstairs on the patio overlooking jackson square. Rose and apps were excellent. The fried green tomato topped with shrimp--a must have. Sunset was gorgeous from the restaurant. Much better eats than tourist spots on bourbon street.This was our first stop when we landed in NOLA so let me say that this review is colored by the charm, and allure of a first visit to the French Quarter. Located in Jackson Sq this place looks like a postcard. We had our first Pimms cups and Sarzacs on the verandah. The food was good but the service was outstanding. What a pleasure.Wandering around the French Quarter on your own can be a little lonely - unless, of course, you're super hammered and/or don't have issues making friends. After walking into the restaurant, I was greeted by manager Chris, who was kind enough to give me a tour. He said I was welcome to sit wherever I wanted, but I chose the downstairs bar because I didn't want to take up too much room. Chris helped me order (I wanted to know what he thought was best) and invited me to enjoy live jazz the following night. The service was incredible and everyone I encountered was so nice and professional and happy. The watermelon salad was to die for - seriously, order it. SO GOOD. My only complaint was the gulf fish was too salty, but I encountered that elsewhere so I think it may be normal. Chris really is the best and his team is lovely. I can't wait to see them when I'm in town again.Absolutely delicious food! Outstanding service. Sit on the balcony for a great view of Jackson Square action. Great happy hour specials from 2-5.We must have gotten the wrong waiter today. I'm not used to blatant inattentiveness and rudeness from a hostess; it had to be an off day because we came after the brunch rush and there weren't very many patrons. Example: I asked a hostess if that was our food after a platter had been laid on a tray and no waiter in sight. I waited to ask  and after ~2 min and the food odor waftd our way causing serious salvation. Her response was she couldn't touch it. "yes, but could you tell our waiter?" was met with a tight stare,  not her job apparently. Luckily, a manager? caught the faux pas and served us immediately. Still the Waiter could not be bothered for a second round of drinks or dessert or coffee, all components of a db tabluea lunch...very odd.  The food was good, the staff needs an attitude adjustment....The droplets slid down gracefully from from the frosted glass of Abita. My teeth cut the tender flesh of the filet mignon sliders with ease and the amber liquid followed eagerly behind.Food good and well presented.  Comfortable and unique French Quarter atmosphere.  Service needs a lot of work.  Waited 15 minutes to be seated due to neglect.  Another ten minutes before someone would take our drink order after request, then another server came to ask us what we wanted to drink.  She then brought the wrong wines (not just different brands, this was reds instead of whites).  Ordering of food was slow.  Had two waiters who seemed to be competing with each other rather than working together.  Pressed to get check, but the waiter got upset by the pressure.  This restaurant is in the same building as a live theater, and has no awareness of show start times and that their customers may be feeling pressured to make the start of the play (even after being informed at the start of the service.)  Can't recommend.  Lots of other great restaurants in the quarter.5 star experience this past Friday while the city was buzzing because of Jazzfest.  Beautiful setting, fantastic food and impeccable service.  Do yourself a favor and geaux!Absolutely the worst dining and service I've ever experienced. Avoid at all costs!!!
The food was mediocre at best and a 20% automatic for terrible service is completely inappropriate. I will never recommend this place to anyone.This place was recommended by a local. She asked us to try milk punch here. They had one with bourbon and one with brandy. Between my husband and I we ordered one of each. It was delicious. The place has great ambiance and it was easy to find seating inside patio. The balcony looking into the Jackson square was full and had wait time of about an hour. We opted for the patio option with immediate seating available and were not at all disappointed.Worst food I've had in this city by far.  Pretty surroundings but poor service and I would have preferred fast food over what was put in front of us.Pricey buy good. Reservations needed but we walked in and sat at the bar.  They offered courtyard or balcony but it was just too hot out so we chose the bar and it was great. Service was amazing!  Look for Zoe & Gari!  Great conversation & amazing food!Our high expectations for a Brennan restaurant were met and exceeded here.  We had the shrimp remoulade, seafood gumbo, filet of beef bearnaise, and paneed veal.    All were delicious except the veal was slightly dry.  The service was impeccable and the dining room is tastefully and pleasantly decorated.  It has a very warm ambience we found very relaxing and inviting.  I would highly recommend this place if you're going to the theatre next door as they have a special, reasonably priced pre theatre menu.We dined at Tableau for Fathers Day lunch, which was fantastic. Ambience is elegant but lively with the roving jazz group roaming the room taking requests. My brisket Benedict was wonderful and New Orleans staples such as grilliots and grits and grilled redfish were superb. The only negative was beyond the restaurant's control; located adjacent to St. Louis Cathedral makes parking a bit of a haul but that's the price you pay to dine in the French Quarter.Food was very good, I would give it a solid 4 . If there was a 4.5 choice I would add that extra rating for the ambiance, the balconies over look the park and they have a really nice inner patio. Had the truffle crab claws which were really good, chicken was great too. The steak with crab was good but personally I prefer the wider thinner cuts of the filet, instead of the very and small really thick thick cuts which tend to be too rare when ordered medium rare.I was mortified that my dad wanted to eat here as I was in a tshirt and yoga pants. I will never again travel outside of California with a bag full of casual clothes. Anyway, despite looking like hell the staff was extremely nice. The drinks were great - my boyfriend had his first mint julep. The food was probably the best I had during my trip. Everyone was happy.Full disclosure: I'm pretty sure I've been comparing very place I've eaten in New Orleans with my experience at one of Dickie Brennan's other restaurants, Bourbon House. 
We were seated right away, and immediately attended to by our drink server. He confirmed that the Lavender Lemonade was indeed delicious, and he was not lying! 
It took a while for our food server to show up. He was very helpful with his suggestions, but kept trying to get me to add sides to my entree. This is a weird quirk to Tableau: all sides are a la carte. I got the Gulf Fish Praline with a side of crab and asparagus (which all came on different plates). 
The food was absolutely delicious. The crab was fresh, and the asparagus went perfectly with the subtle pecan flavor of the entree. I got the demi portion of the fish and still couldn't finish everything! Though I suppose we had started out with the oyster brochettes (wrapped in bacon... Yum!) and the French onion soup (which had a little kick to it). 
We finished with the hot chocolate pot de creme, which is a bittersweet mousse with cayenne pepper and marshmallow fluff. It was so good! It was perfect for sharing as it was so rich. 
All in all, I think the place was fine. A little less than I expected for a $50 meal, but still very tasty and enjoyable.I booked reservations for this restaurant by recommendation. Definitely and old school look with an open kitchen. Both of our waitresses for the evening were great. I only remember Crystal's name, but there was another with a short haircut. They gave incredible service. I started off with a bourbon based drink that was nice and earthy and later opted for a apple pie flavored drink with a rum base. Apparently, these were the most popular cocktails. For an appetizer we ordered the truffle oil crab fingers. I must say it was one of the best things I've tasted during my stay in New Orleans. The crab claws taste very fresh. For entree I ordered the pan roasted redfish in a crab butter with fingerling potatos topped with a lightly dress vinaigrette salad. The salad was awesome, potatos were cooked well. The fish was cooked and flavored well. Downside was the topping and a little heavy handed with the salt. For dessert i had a drink of nocello. It smells just like nutella. A very nice after dinner drink. The French Quarter feel was great. I recommend if your in New Orleans to check it out. Hopefully, next time if it's not raining I will be able sit upstairs on balcony.Great Happy Hour on the balcony overlooking Jackson square!  We enjoyed some delicious cocktails, calamari, and gumbo which did not disappoint. Will definitely return.Wonderful food and ambiance with attentive service. An oasis in the midst of The busy French Quarter.  Very elegant.Location location location! 
This place is huge ya'll! You could get lost finding your way to the bathroom. The decor is classic old New Orleans which I love. They have a wrap around balcony which overlooks Jackson Square and is perfect for spring or fall days! We went for brunch and loved every bit of it! ESPECIALLY desserts!!!!!We ate here twice when we visited N.O. last month.   First time with two other grown-ups, second time we brought our girls, ages 11 and 13.  The staff is friendly, welcoming, and able to handle anything.  On both visits, the food was outstanding.  The "barbecued' shrimp and grits is one of the most delicious dishes I have ever tasted.  My husband adored his seafood stew.  My 11-year-old enjoyed her seafood stew and was able to order a creme brulee, which she had been craving.  It arrived not in a bowl but spread across her plate, to maximize the lovely, sugary crust.  She was in heaven.  I would go back there in a heartbeat!Wonderful Breakfast experience! Exceptional atmosphere coupled with Tremendous Service and Food.  The restaurant is just off of Jackson Square but this is definitely NOT a tourist trap; you will be glad you came!  My Spicy Bloody Mary was Superb, my Seafood Gumbo Delicious, and my Eggs Benedict Perfect!  You will not regret your experience here!The place itself is awesome alone. However, the service is the main reason I will be coming back. To accommodate for our food taking a while, our waiter ( and even one thay was not ours) gave us bottomless mimosas for free and even some to go, they were so kinda and chill.Came here for a private party on the 2nd floor during their soft opening and was probably one of the best NOLA dining experiences to date.  First rate menu and excellent service.  Can't beat the balcony overlooking Jackson Square and the historic Cabildo.Two stars just because I'm feeling nice. Let's begin with the positive shall we?
The Positives:
First off let me say the bathroom was very nice, clean, and a reason this place didn't get just one star. 
Now let's get to the second star. The oysters were well cooked, we had both the oyster appetizers and the Oyster Maison was probably the better of the two. 
The Negatives:
There were big bits of shell in the Oyster Maison, which makes me think they didn't clean them properly since they're fried. 
Next the thing I ordered for myself, the andouille oyster carbonara, was the saddest excuse for carbonara I've ever had. The oysters were good but the pasta sauce, if you could even call it that, was separated. It tasted of nothing but oil with clumps of cheese. I've had carbonara before to know what it's suppose to look like and taste like. When I addressed it the waitress just said she was sorry to hear that and that was it. It was a waste of $17 I took two bites and threw the rest away. I'll be putting up a photo to confirm what I received.Sat on the balcony with an amazing view. Had the Demi royale appetizer nearly orgasmic. Then finished with the fillet Oscar paired with a wonderful house made sangria. Tomas and Chris gave Service beyond our expectations. Come here if you can folks.Tableau is now one of my favorites in the Quarter.  We had dined here on two previous visits to New Orleans, sitting at the bar where the full menu is served. This time we got a table on Thanksgiving. So good. We opted for regular menu items instead of the special, but I did order a side of oyster dressing. 
For mains we had the seafood Courtbouillon, and the Tornedos (beef filet topped with foie gras). Both were tasty and we'll prepared. The Tornedos is very rich and I'd recommend the demi portion for just one person unless sharing multiple dishes. We also had starters: cornmeal fried oysters which were very good, not greasy and accompanied by a tangy sauce, and turtle soup - delicious! 
The finale recommended by our server was the pecan pie a volant. To. Die. For. You must order this sweet but not cloying, whipped pecan filling in a light pastry filling with a scoop of butter ice cream on top. It is really, really good.
Service was excellent,  friendly and fast.  Try this place for happy our too and check out the upstairs piano bar and balcony too. Great place.In a word.....RUDE!
My husband and I live in the Marigny and this was our second visit. It was a lovely Sunday evening so we thought we would go sit on the patio for drinks and a bite. There were three empty tables when we arrived but were nonetheless told there would be a 20 minute wait. We decided that was no problem and decided to have a drink upstairs at the bar. After 40 minutes had passed my husband excused himself to go enquire about our table.  He approached a gentleman at the door who was attempting to explain our extended wait when a younger female kept interrupting....it was as if she did not want us to be seated. She insisted that it would be at least a 30 minute wait. My husband said "you told us 20 minutes 40 minutes ago. I want to say that my husband is very polite, patient and good with people. 
As I sat waiting upstairs not knowing of the conversation another female walked behind the bar and said "yep, it's going to be a very, very, very long wait for the patio....mind you there were still three empty tables still. My husband followed extremely upset saying we are leaving. 
When I repeated this story at my hospital several physicians and nurses said they had experienced poor customer service here as well. 
Doesn't this staff get rewarded like others in the restaurant business? 
Happy customers equal good tip and repeat business! 
Make one person happy and they will tell two....treat them badly and they will tell 10! 
I can not imagine anyone from the Brennan family would stand for this type of representation.  Atypical of an experience in any Brennan's establishment 
Very disappointed and offended!I totally recommend this place for drinks with friends or business associates. Wine list was varied and robust. Cocktails were deeeeeeelicious. We had a Moscow Mule and something with tequila. Fresh and yummy. Plus the space itself is really beautiful and tastefully decorated. Not too much, not too little. Remarkable for the sometimes-campy, sometimes-elegant French Quarter. 
The service here was really wonderful. Perfect greeting, check-ins, not too engaged, but just enough. Loved everyone here. 
The food was lovely. I had cauliflower steak and it was excellent. My husband had a pretty fancy version of shrimp and grits that he said was good, but I think he prefers the more casual, down home version. 
The best part? Dessert. We ordered bananas foster cheesecake and it was pure perfection.Had an excellent lunch here starting off with the Shrimp Remoulade and then having the Steak Frites Po Boy.  Well prepared and very tasty.  Right off Jackson Square.  Service was very good with personable server.We came for the view and stayed for the great atmosphere, cocktails and small plates. The Happy Hour is a great deal. Head directly upstairs and try to get a table on the balcony. The cocktails were nice, wine not so much. Don't miss the fried calamari and the burrata! Also very nice staff.I went to this restaurant for dinner. I sat on the balcony and had a beautiful view of Jackson Square. The servers were attentive. I never had to wait for water or drink refill.
My appetizer and main course were phenomenal! I ordered the grits with barbecue shrimp and butter brown gnocchi. I also ordered strawberry shortcake for dessert, and it was just okay... honestly speaking I would never order the strawberry shortcake again.The overall look of this restaurant is very pleasant and impressive. The dining room looks out into a beautiful courtyard which you can also sit in (i would recommend doing this, it is truly gorgeous) & then upstairs looks a bit more casual with a balcony overlooking the street below. 
As for the food, it was good but not *great*. My mom & i got the Chicken Tableau while my stepdad got the Steak Frites. The chicken was okay, mine was JUST above being underdone so it was a little off putting for me, it was still pink and kind of made me squeamish towards the end of eating it. There were also slices of ham with the sauce which was kind of strange in my opinion- like lunch meat slices with such a fancy dinner lol. However, my stepdad said that the Frites were amazing! The portion of meat he got was very very small for such a big price but he said it was worth it (idk about all that). 
Now... oh boy... the dessert.... We got the Tarte a la Bouille (i hope i'm spelling that right) & it was truly delicious. Soooo creamy and flavorful!! It was served with fresh berries, whipped cream & caramel which were also absolutely delicious. I would recommend getting this dessert if you try Tableau. 
So, overall, a very beautiful restaurant but not exactly outstanding. I would probably return as a visit New Orleans every year & Tableau was not *bad* in any way. I would come back just to sit in the courtyard & order the Tarte!Would have rather been seated downstairs, but as it turned out upstairs bar was happening, and with a great balcony.  Maybe they should re-think those green walls.  Food was good, thought the Creme Brulee was too thin... liked their idea, but it was too much burnt sugar on the top for me.Had the Demi Royals seafood apps which was delightful.  Dip the bread in the truffle vinegarette the  crab claws came in!!!!  The filet oscar was cooked perfectly and cut with a butter knife!!  
The service from Tomas and Chris was THE BEST we had All Week in New Orleans!!!
Thanks gentlemen, you made our dining experience more memorable.Fine dining that won't break the bank.. 
Came here for my birthday dinner with two other people. Sangria was mediocre as was the gumbo, however the french onion soup was surprisingly very good!
All three of us were stuck on ordering the Filet a la Oscar and we are so happy we did. The steak sat on top of a fried potato and practically melted in your mouth. The asparagus that was served with it was probably the best asparagus I've had! I was so full I wasn't going to order dessert but since it was my birthday they gave me a creme brûlée which was ok, wish it was in a deeper plate as the heat made the whole dessert too warm rather than the center being cold and creamy. 
All in all I would recommend this place. Service was great and the building itself is beautiful!We loved it!! My wife had the lamb and I had the duck. It was excellent food! They gentlemen Regg they have working there is incredible awesome!! This guy there can not be enough said with how awesome we thought he was. 
If there was any reason it was 4 stars instead of 5 would of only been the price which was kinda of high. Other than that, this place is awesome and we will come again!Had a dinner on the balcony while on a work trip this week - everything was perfect.  The service was on point and the food was good.  I got the filet - perfect medium -and not a crumb was left.  The bread was fresh and warm.  The house side salad is perfect.  I had a glass of house wine as well - it was fine.
I love the balcony dining this place offers -it was a perfect spring evening and we had a great few of the International Space Station zipping overhead.Food was fine. Rest of experience unimpressive. 
Took 30+ minutes of waiting to seat a random Monday night 830 PM reservation.  When we finally got seated, there were two empty tables around us that were never filled by the time we left. Front of house and waitstaff couldn't have cared much less about the delay.  They did manage to seat a literal bus (?tour) worth of people after we came in, however. 
Open kitchen design occasionally sends cooking smoke into restaurant. 
Left a chunk of oyster shell fried into the fried oysters. If i had fillings or dental work, may not have been good. Waiter didn't much care when this was pointed out to him. 
Despite my dining companion ordering a side, they put it on my plate for some reason. 
Food was quite good- though my dining companion's house salad was small and totally underwhelming, particularly for price paid. 
All in all, the food is fine but the experience was lacking and not up to usual New Orleans standards. I don't expect to be back with so many other options in the area.Have been a huge fan since the first time some friends and I decided to try this place for lunch. I go often and have never had a bad experience. We also rented a private dining room for an event and that was an awesome experience as well. Have not found anything on the menu that disappoints and doubt I will.Tableau is a must while in New Orleans. The venue has a beautiful view of Jackson Square if you choose to sit on the outdoor balcony. The location is a prime spot to hear street jazz and soulful singing while drinking wine and eating dinner outdoors. 
The food is delicious! I would recommend coming for Happy Hour ordering a few glasses of wine and the cheese plate to take in the beauty of New Orleans. 
Enjoy!This place gets 3 stars mostly because we had one dish that was pretty good and good service. It's a fancier restaurant which is not what we were looking for. We were hungry and they had a sign outside that said they were still serving breakfast at 11:30 so we went in for that. They were not serving breakfast, but we decided to give it a shot anyway. 
We started off with an appetizer, I wish I could remember the name but I can't right now. It was $19 and had three little mounds of different stuff. Not our cup of tea, but I'm sure there are some that enjoy that. The flavor was bland, but we were hungry so we ate it all. My son and sister-in-law shared a shrimp Po boy and I got one too. They were disappointing for the price. I think they were 18 each??? For overly toasted French bread and shrimp with little to no flavor. The sandwich itself was a good size, but it was mostly bread since they held out on the shrimp and toppings. The French fries were decent, but my son said they reminded him of McDonald's fries. My husband's plate was the best of all. It was melt-in-your-mouth delicious! He had the gulf fish (black drum). The flavor was amazing and the portion was decent. We definitely will not be back, just wasn't our scene and we ended up with an $85 tab. Service was great, so after the tip, we ended up paying $100 for a pretty basic and unimpressive meal.I finally went in here, after urging  from my Wife, Lali, who has had lunch here several times.  
Although I didn't eat, I feel compelled to write this review.
When this place was opened, it was billed as a dinner theatre; I thought that was all it was.
Seems that in addition to the dinner theater part, there is a nice regular restaurant with indoor, courtyard, & balcony seating.
Even without sampling the food, I know that it is great, because this is a Dickie Brennan restaurant.  We love Dickie's Steakhouse, and frequent his Palace Café & Bourbon House.
This place has two great French Quarter bars, in addition to the eateries.
We'll be back for supper.  I suggest you try this "new" place, too !
RickI chose Tableau figuring that once they had their act together, it would be  a tough table.That may be true, but I think it will be a long time before that's something they need to worry about. Food - nothing notable. I had the Court Bouillon - kind of gummy. Wine - some decently priced options. Upstairs room - really really noisy, and noise doesn't normally bother me. Service - well meaning but disorganized - we saw a lot of people most of whom didn't do too much...they would disappear and then sometimes reappear after an extended period of time.
Seemed like the pieces might have been there, but absolutely no evidence that anybody was making any progress putting them together in a meaningful fashion so that there was consistent focused service.This was the absolute worst dining experience of my life. The only reason I gave them a star is because Scott Bakula was at the table next to us. I have never left a negative critique but had to warn others. Service was horrific! I have never in my life been ryynÿHad dinner on a Saturday before a play at Le Petite Theatre with friends. First time to try restaurant. Everything was good but nothing stood out as exceptional. Best menu choice was shrimp and grits by my wife. Extra service was removing the shells before serving the dish, something I would not accept but my wife really thought the idea was great since it kept her fingers clean. The pork chop was tender and cooked properly but not marinated or brined before cooking; the cornbread dressing served with the dish was very good. Our friends both had the beef filet and each found it ok but unexciting. The turtle soup was good but fell short of some of the better ones in NO.Ate here tonight and absolutely loved it!  We sat on the balcony and you can't beat the view of Jackson square.   The food was absolutely  wonderful.  We had the BBQ Shrimp and Grits and the Steak Frites Moderne.  For dessert we shared the Hot Date Skillet Cake with the Brown Butter Ice Cream.  It was divine and not to be missed.   Wait staff was friendly and willing to make suggestions.  Can't say enough good about this restaurant!