I really wanted tacos for dinner, and this truck satisfied the need! We caught it at dos jefes bar uptown New Orleans near Tchoup and Joseph. There was a bit of a line, and the only reason that I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is the lack of communication between the chefs and the customers. Instead of letting me know they would be with me after they finished a line of orders, they kept their backs to the line and didn't say anything for a good 8 minutes.
The food is outstanding. My friends and I had the Seoul Man chicken, the Brisket, and the Hermit. All the meats were so juicy and flavorful, and the on-top combinations are awesome. Great kick, and they line the bottom of the trays with jalapenos for a little extra spice. You get two good sized tacos per order for 6-7$. I had one order and felt satisfied, and I took one to go. 
The calas, fried rice cakes with a sweet dipping sauce, are really delicious and a great buy at 3$.
Will definitely return often.The most reliable and delicious taco truck in NOLA. they don't pretend to be anywhere that they might not be and will gladly tell you where they will be on twitter. The chorizo taco was amazing.I'm updating and giving taceaux loceaux 5 stars.  Consistently good food, fast service, and they let you know on twitter (@tlnola) what their menu is for the evening and where they will be serving.
They also take credit cards now.  In two months taceaux loceaux has become one of my favorite stops.Delicious tacos! My boyfriend and I wanted to try a variety so we got brisket, chicken and ground beef along with avocado fries. Everything was so yummy. Watch out for the habanero sauce they have in a squeeze bottle--looks like basic sauce but it packs a major kick!Having lived in California for 5 years prior, and having had my fair share of tacos, let me say this: 
You will not find a better carnitas taco than the carnital knowledge.
It may not be "authentic", in the sense that it isn't served in the traditional style. Nevermind that, just consider it carnitas 2.0. 
The other tacos are really good as well. But man I love those carnital knowledge.The last time I came here I got FLOUR tortillas with my tacos!  If you are going to operate a taco truck please use corn tortillas in order to give off some kind of sense of authenticity.  
This place is really just average.  $7 for 2 tacos is pretty pricey, and the tacos really aren't that big.  The flavor of everything is just OK.  Salsa is kind of watery but has a great flavor.  Flour tortillas totally isn't cool.  Someone else said it best, the Mexican situation down here is so insanely pathetic, people are willing to eat anything wrapped in a tortilla.  
If you do go, get their tequila hot sauce.  It is great.Doesn't get any better for food trucks, or for tacos in New Orleans. Check their twitter for their current location; I love to make an evening of cigars and carnital knowledge when they set up at Dos Jefes. 
They have a rotating menu that always includes a vegetarian option and staples such as the Messin' With Texas (Brisket) or Carnital Knowledge (pulled pork). Different tacos appear on their menu every night; gulf shrimp tacos one night, fried acvocado tacos another. Just gawk at the chalkboard, walk on up and order your tacos and they'll be ready in no time. They have sheets of aluminum foil to take away and a variety of hot sauces on the side to spice up your food to taste.
Taceaux Loceaux is what I've always though New Orleans food is supposed to be - cheap and amazing. This is a must visit business.
They take credit cards with a SquareUp reader which makes me love them even more.Mmm brisket tacos and kimchi fries?  Sat on the ground and people watched while getting real with my food.Love love love this food truck. I usually eat here on Friday nights, where it can be found outside of King Pin, or on Tuesdays outside of Dos Jefes. In the beginning I made the mistake of ordering two many tacos. Each order comes with two tacos and you can't mix and match, so if you want to try a few, pair up with a friend! I've never been disappointed by one of their tacos. One of my favorites is the Messin with Texas brisket taco. Put some of their habanero on it and it's spicy deliciousness! Today they had the Boss Hog Pork Tinga. It was my first time seeing it on the menu, so we tried it. It came with a few small, soft tortillas and you put the delicious pork on top. Solid. I only had a bite of the Fun Guy- fried mushroom taco and it was my favorite of the night! It was so crispy and flavorful! I DEFINITELY want to catch that on the menu again. Follow them on Facebook, where they post their menus and locations. Until next time, Taceaux Loceaux!If you have been to or even heard of Austin, Texas, it's likely that you know the (breakfast) taco is its unofficial mascot. Immediate second would be barbecue brisket. Restaurants and food trucks constantly try to one up eachother w/r/t tacos and bbq. Taceaux Loceaux managed to bring me right back home to Austin with its Messin' With Texas brisket taco!! Such juicy. So depth of flavor. I don't even get to complain about the lack of Mexican food in NOLA anymore.
And the Jane Deaux braised greens were perfectly vinegary and topped with crunchy pepitas. Just what I try to make in my own kitchen, but alas, these have put my greens to shame.
I was too excited about tacos and failed to be clear when ordering that I am gluten free. When I got my taco with a flour tortilla, I asked if they could just switch the taco filling into a corn tortilla. They insisted that they remake the whole taco. Seriously sweet of them.
The only suggestion I'd make is to get better corn tortillas (Taco Deli in Austin has the most perfect organic masa tortillas, not sure where they're sourced from) and to offer sides of beans and rice. I am also a bit confused as to the 2 of the same tacos per order deal.
Je t'adore, TL!!I had really looked forward to trying this place after seeing Anthony Bourdain on TV munch on some of their tacos. He really hyped it up and I guess I did too. I got both the brisket taco and the carnitas. They had a good amount of meat but it left much to be desired. It was okay but not awesome as expected. Coming from Texas where we do tacos, brisket, and carnitas right, their version just didn't cut it. I preferred my girlfriends Seoul man Taco with the chicken and savory onions. They were also out of avocado fries which I was really looking forward to trying. My buddy who lives in New Orleans warned me that they are known for running out of food, bummer. The only salsa provided was Valentina which is okay but it would be nice if they had some awesome home made salsa. Unfortunately I did not go loceaux for their taceauxs. Wouldn't revisit unless I were really hungry at a bar and they just happened to roll by. Definitely wouldn't make a drive strictly for tacos as I did that night.I've been following the location of this truck for several weeks.. Close to 2am a couple nights ago they were parked right outside of Dosjefes Cigar Bar. Most of their tacos were sold out by then, my own fault.... it was pretty late. I did get to try the torta. "The big pig", I think it was called. It was delicious at $8. The ingredients complimented each other very well. The portion was so huge, I had to share it. Def' a must try... I wanna go back for the tacos. They also have a vegan menu. Follow their location on twitter or facebook.These tacos are worth wandering all of the city to find! With lots of fresh veggies and perfectly seasoned meat, this has got to be one of the best tacos I've ever had in New Orleans. Period :)Alex , the owner, should just go ahead and open a restaurant. Ballin ass tacos usually in front of dos hefes or 45 tchoup. 5 minutes that's all it take to have any taco in your hand. Sure as hell beats taco bell. They sometimes will bring your food to the table inside of the bar which I find very customer friendly.Not your typical tex-mex or mexican joint. Actually, it's not a joint at all. It's a taco truck! Being the big fan of rolling food as I am, I sought it out determined to try. 
Basically, it's louisiana mexican... if there is such a thing. But, Taceaux Loceaux proves that food genre definitely should exist. They are spicy and tangy. There are sauces galore!!! The tortillas taste authentic... I will be stalking this truck in the near future. 
You should too.So, I have been wanting to get a taste of this taco truck since I found out that there is food trucks here! I come from the Mississippi gulf coast originally and we don't have any food truck greatness around there. Boy I wish they did. Some people may be put off my food cooked inside a truck but I think it adds to my adventure! 
Anyways back to my review. I wanted to order one of everything to try it all but my boyfriend made fun of me spending $50 at a food truck so I agreed to trying 3 and avocado fries... 
Ground beef for him and chicken and pork for me. Ground beef was a little spicy he said but was gone in 15 seconds flat so I think he enjoyed it. 
The chicken was great! I love any taco that has cabbage so of course this one ranked number one to me but the pork was a close second. 
The avocado fries have me addicted! $5 I will spend every time I see the truck even if I am not hungry! That good! Oh so good.. want some more just thinking about them.My favorite tacos in New Orleans, and one of the best food trucks I've ever been to, Taceaux Loceaux has a wide range of flavors that keeps me coming back.  The stand-out in my book is the Seoul Man, korean chicken tacos, just make sure you get the "extra Seoul" aka with Kimchi for the full flavor.  I've only had one bad experience with Taceaux Loceaux, but it was my own fault for pouring a ton of the habanero sauce all over both of my tacos, so be careful!My wife and I saw the food truck and decide to wall the next evening to try.   We put the address that showed on yelp and walked about 2 miles.  When we realized  that the address was wrong we had to walk back another mile.  We finally arrive at the normal location according to the locals only to find that it was not there.   My advice is to find out were he's going to be before going out walking.I been eating here since they first came around Dos Jefes and I got to tell you their reputation spread like wild-fire. Couldn't wait to see the Taceaux Truck parked across the street so I could get two AMAZING tacos, and the guys were really nice. My favorite is the Seoul Man (Chicken) and although I've tried pretty much all of them, it's still my favorite. 
I've seen some new additions over the years. The Chubster (beef) is a very, very close second to the Chicken and the Avocado fries are amazing. When I first started coming around they would remember me by name but since the line has grown so long these days I've lost touch with the usual taco night ritual. 
To share one last personal experience with you about these guys I have to bring up the night I added them on Facebook (so i could find them anywhere). I'm walking up to the truck like I usually do and I decide, let me add these guys. Not even 2 seconds after I "liked" them did I notice they said there was a lost black/tan chihuaha in the bar. My heart dropped, that was my chihuahua, and when her "mother" found out she got out without me knowing I knew she was gonna kill me. To top it off she's the friendliest little thing so she could have easily been taken home by anybody and she would have just kept on wagging her little tail. Luckily it had just been posted. I ran into the bar real fast to reclaim my little princess and she was inside being loved on by all the patrons of Dos Jefes. I thanked everyone and took my sneaky little chihuahua home with my tacos and a sigh of relief. Crisis averted. Thanks Taceaux Loceaux!Fantastic. The only thing that could make the taco's better and the only reason for 4 stars is the hotsauce.. it's too vinigar-ee. Some of their taco's would be a lot better with a carribean style hotsauce or a west indies hot sauce. It would also allow for diversity of flavors. It would be great to have a few options. Otherwise fantastic.Best tacos. Period. (If you've read my reviews, you know I have a penchant for hyperbole...). I would definitely suggest 3 tacos for person, but don't forget that they are 2 tacos per order. 
Brisket quesadilla is damn good. Salty, crunchy, cheesy, comes with great salsa and sour cream. Not always on menu. Significantly better than the brisket taco, which is still awesome. 
Chubster on fried tortilla with cheese sauce and ground beef rocks. 
Fried avo's rule. 
Get anything on flour tortillas, not corn. Much better. 
Be a nice person, offer to buy the folks on the truck a beer wherever they are, but don't let that substitute for a tip.Love, love, love Taceaux Loceaux!  Living in Uptown, this and a beer from Kingpin is our Friday night go to. The messin with texas is my absolute favorite. And if you're lucky enough to get your hands on the amaze balls...it's the only thing you'll ever want to eat again!I do love food trucks and I'm only sad that TLNOLA is not often where I am.  They do offer some delicious food. And the worker bees are always friendly, fast and helpful.
I just wish that they had more inventive non-meat selections.  Although when they have their fruit drinks (usually at day events) those are amazing.
Veggie choices on Saturday night were a sauteed swiss chard which they gladly gave me a sample of...it was tasty but not what I was wanting. So I went with the standard rice & beans.I was pretty disappointed considering my high expectations...but I got the distinct feeling I just had bad timing or something.  I fully plan on giving them another shot the next chance I get.  
I do give them props for posting their current location on their various social media accounts...they do a really good job of that.  It can be hard to track down food trucks in this town when you need them.  Speaking of which, I caught them at Jefferson and Magazine...which I wouldn't have known about had I not been on Facebook at the time.I love this place. I normally avoid any place without running water, only cause I knew very little about food trucks. This place has the best tacos in the world. Yes, I said the world.Gonna go ahead and say these are the best tacos in the city. I've had the brisket, bulgogi chicken, pork belly, avocado fries, etc. Been dying to try the kimchi fries, but I never get the chance. Considering I always change it up and order something different each time I go to Taceaux Loceaux, I've never had a bad meal. The meat is perfectly seasoned, and the taco shells have this crunch to them while still being soft tacos. Love it! Go Friday nights outside the Kingpin then grab a beer inside. Great option for a quick dinner or a pre-game snack.Possibly the best tacos in the country - especially the Seoul Man chicken taceaux!  Okay, you'll pay $3 to $3.50 per taco which is more expensive than the $1-2 you would expect at an authentic Mexican taco truck or tortilleria - if you are lucky enough to have a good one nearby.  Even though they're a bit on the pricey side, the taceaux are decent size, utilize pretty good tortillas (especially the flour tortillas which taste great and somehow hold up to the messy fillings), and have some of the best meats, sauces, and combination of ingredients you will ever taste, taco or not.  I'm a native Chicagoan and these beat the heck out of Rick Bayless' tortas (which are all the rage in Chicago over the past couple years - I love Bayless but he just doesn't match these taceaux).  I lived in Portland which has hundreds of food trucks and I never found one that matched Taceaux Loceaux (although the authentic and fantastic $1 tacos at a little tortilleria in Wilsonville, OR are a solid second in my taco favorites list).  I haven't found anyplace in SF, NYC, Texas, or even Mexico that can match the flavors of Taceaux Loceaux, it may not be fully authentic Korean bulgogi, Texas brisket, or Mexican tacos but it's just really good food in convenient eat-with-your-hands tortilla packaging.  Wow.Amazing. Amazing.
Had the Carnital Knowledge pork, wish I bought 3 more for later, it was sooooo good. The meat was flavored so well, it was extremely tasty and had just the right amount of sauce and garnishes ( I loveeee cilantro ). It really hit the spot.
A friend made me come here late night in the rain and now I understand why. Totally worth it.This is a soft 4 star as I have only had one of their vegetarian options (the other was not available either time I snacked with the Loceauxs...and I wish there was a pescetarian option (or six, given the bountiful waters nearby). Nevertheless, the black bean taco rocked my socks and tingled my tongue with perfectly modulated and delayed heat. My girl Paige might well push over an old lady to get to the Carnital Knowledge (slow-cooked pork) and our pal had the Seoul Man (Korean bulgogi chicken) and loved it.
   FYI, for the rest of the Summer, they will be set up outside of Hansen's Snow Bliz (the greatest snowball emporium on planet earth) on Fridays at lunch; we did this last week and it was quite the magical pairing: august New Orleans legend hosts future local street food hall of famer for the cheapest mouth happinessLove, love, LOVE Taceaux Loceaux and their brisket taceaux. You might have to track them down late at night, but they're usually waiting for you outside of your favorite uptown dive. That's all I have for you.Taceaux Loceaux... I have been waiting about a year to try this, and it did not disappoint. 
I'm hardly ever in NOLA late at night. I can't hang that long - I have no alcohol tolerance after having a kid, and bedtime is usually 10pm :(  Ugh. I'm old. 
Anyway, I found myself at Dos Jefes and Scott S wondered aloud if TL would be making an appearance. I tracked them down on Twitter, and sure enough, they were making their way to Dos Jefes around 10pm. 
I stuck around and finally got to try Messin' With Texas. I'm not a huge red meat fan, but I've heard awesome things about their slow-cooked and amazingly seasoned brisket. It was great! 
Daniel, the fiance, tried their Aieee - loaded with andouille and peppers. I tried a bite and that was equally awesome.
Eventually I'll have to make a repeat trip. Too bad this requires driving over from the Westbank late at night - but it's worth it!A really good west coast style taco truck here in New Orleans.  Find them @ tlnola on twitter to find out where the truck is parked.  They usually park outside bars--I know they are at The Kingpin, Tipitinas and Dos Jeffes on a regular basis. The carnitas are amazing!Meh. Should be three tacos for six bucks. Had the carnitas. Not bad, but people rave about this joint because the Mexican situation down here is so depraved.My cousins rented out the food truck for a birthday party and the brisket tacos were absolutely amazing! The avocado fries were pretty fantastic as well. As for the pork taco and the bean taco, I did not find them to be as spectacular. Food took a while to be served, but other than that, had a great first experience!Consistently good.  The best Mexican food in new orleans (though definitely a pretty non-traditional taco menu) and probably one of my favorite places to eat in the city.
I've tried almost everything on the menu and they're all pretty good, but the "All hat no cattle" (vegetarian) is a little bland.  The "Aieeee" sausage is delicious but be warned that it's pretty spicy.
They had a larger selection and better hours at their physical location at chickie wah wah's on canal street, but it appears this no longer exists.I love this place.  It is my favorite tacos in the city.  I stop every Thursday night at Dos Jefes.  Get the Pork Tacos. You wont be disappointed.They take credit/debit cards now, too! And they have a permanent spot in the kitchen at Chickie Wah Wah, so you can listen to good music and eat your delicious taceaux.My wife and I finally decided to try Taceaux Loceaux last weekend. I had the Messin with Texas tacos and avocado fries. They were both on point. My wife had the Jane Deaux and All Hat No Cattle tacos, which they were able to prepare vegan. I thought they would be cash only, but they have the square set up, so you can use a card. We will definitely be back.Best Mexican food I've had so far in the city.  
I am a recent transplant from Los Angeles, so here's the obligatory "I know Mexican food" statement:  I know Mexican food.  I find that you can easily compare Mexican food joints by ordering their carne asada.  TL does not have carne asada, but they have something nearly as good: the brisket taco. Tender, flavorful brisket topped with fresh veggies in a warm tortilla. Not Mexican food, but delicious Southern-Mexican fusion.  
I also tried the carnitas.  It's not traditional, but the texture and flavor of the pork mixed with the creative toppings were quite a treat.  These are good sized tacos too, not the bite sized 3 for a dollar deals you get at the border.  For 2 bucks a pop it's quite a value.  
Caveat: I ate here late at night after some beer, but that's probably the best time to be eating tacos anyway.
TL can't quite stack up to some of the best Mexican joints I've been to based on pure authenticity, but it's delicious food that you'd be hard pressed to match in New Orleans.  As a taco truck, I'd give it four stars, but as a New Orleans taco truck I'd give it six.  So five it is.  If you can manage to track them down you'll be in for quite a treat.I really do love these tacos. I get some every week for Taco Tuesday and the quality is always stellar. Usually there is a fairly large menu with at least 2 vegetarian options. However, the menu has gotten smaller and smaller lately. This last time there was only one vegetarian option and there was no kimchi for the Seoul Man. I love my kimchi!! Very disappointing.I've eaten here probably dozens of times. I usually get carnital knowledge or the el dorado but have tried just about everything on the menu. Sometimes you get a dud, bad cut of meat or undercooked veggies, and they often go heavy on the sauce but are happy to hold back by request. But an order of tacos and some amazeballs or avocado fries to share and a beer on Dos Jefes patio and I'm a happy camper.Well I've tried this place twice now and I must say that I'm not impressed. I've tried three different versions of their tacos and as munched as I've tried to like this place given the reviews I have to pass. The brisket was greasy, the chicken was tasteless and I though I was getting a pulled pork taco and what I got looked to be chopped grilled pork chops. They do have lots of veggies that I like but I guess I've had too many authentic taco truck tacos to eat these variations anymore to appreciate them.We found this truck outside of El Jefe which was perfect because we could drink a beer with these amazing tacos. They have unique vegetarian options and AVOCADO FRIES. Awesome food truck. Highly recommended! I will seek this truck out anytime I'm in New Orleans. Go.I've been to Taceaux Loceaux twice.  The first time was a disappointment so I concluded that they were having a bad day and decided to hold off until I tried it once more.  The second time was so much better.  The first time I came I had the Carnital Knowledge and Messin' With Texas.  They both were okay.  There was barely any meat in them, and I felt like I was eating a veggie taco.  Second time around, I was able to try the Kermit's BBQ, Seoul Man, and the Aieee!  My absolute favorite was the Kermit's BBQ which included pineapples and BBQ sauce.  SO MOUTHWATERINGLY GOOD!  It was oozing of flavor with a hint of spice.  Perfection!  The Seoul Man was also good but doesn't compare to the Kermit's.  The Aieee was the spiciest of the bunch, so if you're craving something spicy, that's your cue.  I'm so glad I gave Taceaux Loceaux a second chance, because now I'll be running back for more.These little bastages are amazing. Just amazing. And if they have the peach salsa, even better. :)
Try the Messin' with Texas....But not until after I've had my fill, please.First-timer today & tried the "Messin' with Texas" tacos: seasoned slow roasted brisket, shredded cabbage, radish, cilantro, crema & salsa picante on flour tortillas. So good & so many different tastes and textures. Can't wait to try something different next time.A very painful admission after being a HUGE supporter for so long.
Even more painful to take this off my 5 star review list. 
The last 3 times I've gotten food from the truck, the owner has been nowhere around and the food has been less than stellar. Dry "messing with Texas" and a real lack of condiments given. Last time I actually had to ask for more sauce because it was just so dry. The last time I hunted them down in Federal City, the meat was so overcooked as to be horrible.
I worry that they are getting too complacent and not putting in the time to their business that it needs.
A great idea can be killed by shoddy execution.
If the level of food was as bad as it has been the last 3 times, the first time I'd eaten there, I'd never have given more than a 2. I give the last star for the memory of how they used to be.
Sadly, I doubt I will be going back so  this is really a lie of a review and I should take off a star...But I'll leave it as it is...for now.
A sad day for a huge ex fan.We went to Texas this summer excited abut getting some real TexMex. Although we tried a half-a-dozen places, Taceaux Loceaux served from a Truck in the Lower Garden District, might be hands down, US Taco Champion. Damn they are tasty. Creative concoctions, amusing names...Carnital Knowledge--OMFG. That @#$ taco is da-money-bomb, dyn-O-mite! Dos Jefes Mojitos+Taceaux Loceaux +Cohiba cigar+ my girl's smokey, jalepeno-smellin' lips...on a Saturday night = Pure Happiness. Seriously, it's the sort of well-built gourmet streetfood that deserves to be called art, creates cravings, enslaves you, brings you back jonesing for a repeat munch. If you're like me, you'll head over there by yourself sometimes, grab a basket-full of dem aluminum-wrapped treasures, scurry off to a secluded corner of the bar where nobody will ever bother you, and go to town on your dee-lish-ush-tacos. And if anybody is so onblivious as to approach you while you are eating them? Grrrrrr!  Ruff! Ruff! My tacos! My tacos! Get back. I will bite you. I will bite you. Get back! Me sooner bite yr hand off than part with mis taceaux loceaux, Holmes!I never really ate tacos (my autocorrect wanted to say raccoons!) before I moved down to the US. Taceaux Loceaux as well as other establishments (e.g., Rum House) has got me craving for them.
After a long night of searching for Food Trucks, unbeknownst there was a private event going on, we ended up sitting in Creole Creamery (Yum!) for 1.5 hrs because we thought Taceaux Loceaux might be at King Pin. We did a mad search on our cell phones to check food truck twitter statuses. Eventually a twitter came up that said Taceaux Loceaux would be at 45 Tchoup at 8:30pm. YES!
After a long day of searching which began at 6:30 after our impromptu cooking class at Rosa Keller, led by one of the cooks for Taceaux Loceaux, we found ourselves at the truck.
I had the Seoul Man and my lady had the Carnital Knowledge.
These were pretty damn great! We ended up not sharing, which we usually do, I think because we were so absorbed in our own Tacos. For the next two days my lady kept going on about how good her taco was.
Taceaux Loceaux was definitely worth the epic search and wait!Food was decent but horrendous service. I waited over 35 mins to get two tacos at 10pm on Saturday night. There were only 5 people in front of me.Typically I am not a big fan of food trucks, but taceaux loceaux has changed that for me. The tacos were amazing and very fresh. The line was long but for sure worth the wait!Haven't been to their location on Tchoup, but I have eaten plenty from their truck in front of the King Pin. I have tried only their Aiiieee tacos with andouille sausage, black beans and this awesome hot sauce. Let me tell you, if you like it spicy like I do, and like Mexican tacos should be, this is the taco and the taco truck for you! The serving of three tacos, generously stuffed, for only $6 is a steal! I now look forward to grabbing some tacos when I go to the King Pin on Friday nights, and I'm seldom disappointed. And the service is always friendly, professional and accurate - all this from a taco truck! You can't ask for better!I finally got to try this place at an event at the zoo. I got whatever their shredded pork taco is. I was a little underwhelmed. I had built this place up in my mind and it just didn't live up to what I was expecting. The taco was super liquidy and messy and not that flavorful. The portion was very large with a lot of meat though which made me feel better about the price. I ended up giving most of hte meat to little one and tossing some. I'll stick to Rum House or Fuego for tacos.I'm not a hipster, so I've never had food from a food truck. That being said, Taceaux Loceaux is out of this world. They have a limited, but fantastic menu. My only complaint is I ordered too many tacos and I feel sick.Amazing tacos!!! My husband and I went for the first time tonight. They change their location and update via twitter @TLNola. We caught them at the KingPin location. They serve two tacos per order, but because I have a hungry husband we ended up getting three orders: Messin' with Texas, Seoul Man, and Carnal Knowledge. All were deliciously amazing! I love the way they dress it with the cabbage, the sauce, the lime, the aioli, etc... and the crunch! it's just a mouthful of goodness!!! Absolutely worth the drive from Metairie. You bet we're coming back for seconds. And thirds...The man of my dreams came home one evening with some Taceaux Loceaux for me. Taco of my dreams. Can't wait for my next run in with this truck..Oh noeaux! What happened,  TL? Twice before I've noshed on your delicious taco creations. Twice before my friends and I have have done that "yummy! So good!" booty wiggle in our chairs. I was seeking the fulfillment of your delicious tacos on a Thursday evening when I'd been working late and there was no food in the fridge.  I had jjjjjust enough energy in me to do the "yummy! So good!" booty wiggle in my chair back at home. 
It was slow when I arrived, so I was allowed to get two different taceaux types with my order. I selected the beef brisket (Messin' w/TX) and the pulled pork (Kermit's BBQ). 
Tacos purchased (check) Commencing bite (check) Activating taste buds (check) Get ready to wiggle (check)
Yuck! What is this in my mouth? It taste like a bite out of a salt lick! Sadly, I disposed of my Kermit's BBQ taceaux & cleansed my palate for a taste of the Messin' with Texas teaceaux. I've had this one before. I know it's going to cause my vocal cords to proclaim "Arriba Arriba Andale Arriba"! 
Palate cleansed (check) Commencing bite (check) Activating taste buds (check) Get ready to wiggle (check)
Yuck! What is this in my mouth? It taste like a bite out of a salt lick! With great sadness, I disposed of my second taceaux. 
TL, please do not have gone loceaux! I shall observe the faces of folks munching on your taceauxs before I order next time. Perhaps it was an off evening?I absolutely love this food truck.  The Seoul Man chicken tacos are by far the best, but I haven't had anything here I haven't enjoyed.  The pork belly tacos sounded amazing, but I honestly found them a bit dry for my taste.  The sauce they put on most tacos is stellar as well - slightly spicy and pretty tangy.  Extra hot sauce is a must for those who love the spicy!
Overall though, excellent food, great price, and you can find them all over town!  They do tend to run out of the more popular items toward the end of the night.FINALLY got to try Taceaux Loceaux at the Fete Francaise. Got the Mess With Texas, I think? Good thing I was surrounded by friends, because I am fairly certain that I was making uncontrollable, inappropriate noises of pleasure while eating my taco (heh). It was the perfect mix of flavors and textures, and the guy working the truck was super nice. Maybe it was the two joie de vivre cocktails I had already had by that point, but I really enjoyed my taco and will definitely be seeking them out in the future to try out more things on the menu, which I'm sure are executed equally as well.
The only downside is that they are so damn expensive!Drove by them on my way home on Carondolet.  Thought, heck, *I* like tacos, let's give 'em a try.  Friendly service, and awesome tacos!  Go!  Try!  You'll thank me later!1) Go to https://twitter.com/tlnola
2) Figure out where Taceaux Loceaux will be in the next 24 horus.
3) Go to where Taceaux Loceaux is. 
4) Get the Messin with Texas Brisket. 
5) Enjoy. 
I usually write reviews breaking down a place - making them earn each of my stars. They are great. They are friendly. They make a mean taco. They also park outside of my building in the CBD once or twice a week. 
I am 100% a Taceaux Loceaux fan.Had the Boss Hogg (Pork & Roasted Tomato Stew w Spicy Chorizo & a Touch of Bacon. Served w Hot Flour Tortillas,Diced 'Cado/Onions) tonight and lemme tell ya something babes and bubbas: Hot damn was it tasty. Comes with two tortillas and back home I spooned mounds of that goodness into those. Whoa boy. KILLER. I added a dash of lime juice (from the wedge provided) to give it a nice bit of acidity/citrus -- but you certainly don't need it. First time here -- was giddy as Rosco P. Coltrane to finally try it -- and I'll be back often. Thanks fellas. That stew hit the spot on a cold drizzly night like tonight. Looking forward to making it through the entire menu.Taceaux loceaux is one if the best food trucks in the country.  Their taceauxs are amazing. I eat here about once a week. My favorites are the chubster, kermits bbq, and delta prawn, but be warned, the selection varies and items do sell out. 
Though not often available,  the quesadillas are filled with real, melty, stretchy cheese and usually brisket.  The brisket can be greasy some nights, which is always a disappointment for me.  When it isnt, greasy they are absolutely scrumptious.   
Pretty much anything you try should be good (except maybe the tofu or all hat no catlle, unless, of course, you like that vegetarian sort of thing).
Most people go crazy for the avacado fries,  but avacados aren't my thing. 
This is not your stereotypical taco truck. Almost everything is some type of fusion and it all works very well.  The chef understands how to deliver flavors on a five star level at one dollar sign price, a very rare find.Amazing taco truck, the menu ranges from beef brisket, carnitas, and chorizo tacos. You'll usually find him at Dos Jeffes and the Kingpin, and is currently scouting out spots in the downtown area. Alex is super nice and I was lucky enough to get a special meatpie on my birthday.my eyes have seen the glory, my mouth has been through the fire and tasted the goodness from which heaven has displayed its wonders of culinary in this small, sexy saucy little food truck thats sits on the corner of tchoupitoulas and joseph street, inside a city known for food of the highest caliber. this truck is holding its very own to the same standard of greatness that lives within these blessed tacos. if the beautiful glorious lady luck or jesus christ himself bless u with the time, funds and transportation for you to come to this city, this one stop is all you need!!!!!!!We are happy to have discovered Taceaux Loceaux via Twitter. I'm from Arizona, and until recently, I'd been constantly disappointed by alleged "Mexican" or even "Tex-Mex" offerings in the city, as well as starving for some good carne asada or carnitas.
Besides the taco/taceaux truck, TL is now serving from an outside window at the Chickie Wah Wah on Canal Street, beginning at 6:00 p.m., I believe. (Follow them on Twitter @TLNola for more information.) For less than $20, two can sample several different types of tacos, which are all incredibly delicious. Favorites include the Messin' with Texas, a shredded beef taco topped with radishes and crema, among other things; Carnital Knowledge, your basic carnitas; and Kermit's BBQ, sort of a jerk pulled pork with pineapples on top to cut the acidity of the sauce. The chips and salsa are also good, though the salsa verde is the star. 
Remember to bring your own drinks, or you can go inside the bar (may have to pay a cover if there is one) to order something; beware the $10 card minimum. TL takes cash and cards, via its new and very awesome Square attachment for iPhone, which allows them to swipe your card, process the payment, and have you sign right there on the iPhone screen, making a quick bite there even more convenient. There's ample parking around the Canal Street permanent location, especially if it's early, as well as plenty of outside seating.I had heard about this taco truck from a few people on twitter, but I had never found myself at Dos Jefes, so that I could try it.
When I first heard of this place, I was a little hesitant.  I mean...it's a taco truck.  How good could it be, right?  
Well, after a Yelp event, my friend Scott and I decided (well, he decided and I went along with it) to finally give taceaux loceaux a try.  We get there, and I was blown away at how many people were waiting in line for this food.  We were kind of late, so they had already run out of a lot of food, but they still had a nice selection of things to choose from.
For the life of me, I can't remember what I got (all of the menu items have super creative names) **edit: Taceaux Loceaux (@TLNola) just tweeted me and reminded me that I got the "Messin with Texas" which is a slow roasted Brisket Taceaux.**  but it was fantastic.  It was a taco with brisket topped with cabbage and all kind of other goodness.  It was delicious.  I couldn't believe that such good food could come from a truck!  
I will definitely be going back in order to try some of their other stuff!I experienced the Loceaux at the end of Krewe Du Vieux at the after party.  
I had just spent the previous 4 hours walking behind a float, pushing drunk, frenzied, belligerent crowds back so that our brass band could get through.
I was not drunk, but incredibly fatigued, starved, and upset that there was no effing food at the after party/I had to pay for my drinks at a cash bar.  
I found my way outside to drink a gin and tonic amidst all of the phallic symbols/leaky vag floats, political mockeries, and hipsters crashing the party when, as if in a dream, grilled meats and carbohydrates appeared from behind the floats.
What was this guy doing here, essentially hiding behind penis floats where nobody could see him?  
I was concerned that there was no line, but everything passed the smell test so I asked what was good and ended up ordering two brisket tacos.
I cannot recall the attention to detail, individual components of the taco, or just exactly how much brisket was on there, but I was extremely sated after wolfing them down.  
I do recall them being stacked high with peppers and other veggies, multiple sauces, and flavorful pulled brisket.
It was honestly the best part of the whole damn night.On my last trip to NOLA, my girlfriend and I ran into the Taceaux Loceaux truck at Hanson's. We picked up our order, took refuge under a shady tree and took a bite.
HOLY TACO, BATMAN.
Seriously, these were the BEST (fusion) tacos either one of us have ever had. Ever. EVER. The chicken, brisket and shrimp tacos were perfectly marinated and spiced, seared and served up with delicious toppings (crunchy slaw, pickled veg, fresh cilantro, etc).
I would go back to New Orleans just for more Taceaux Loceaux.I'm always willing to follow these guys around. Usually, vegetarian options can be lacking with most food trucks and even restaurants in NOLA. Not so with Taceaux Loceaux. From Jane Deux, to El Dorado and the ever so often Notorious V.E.G-- they know how to make some tasty vegs. As long as they keep rolling hot, I'll keep rolling by for more.  ;-)Oh... My... Sweet sweet lord.... These tacos are easily some of the best I've ever had. And that is saying a lot coming from me, I am a taco fiend. I had an order of the brisket tacos and also an order of just the rice and beans tacos which was seemingly just the same as the brisket tacos minus the brisket. Both were so packed with flavor, but the brisket... oh the brisket. What I wouldn't give to have one right now! Fast, cheap and deeeeeelish. My only wish is that they maybe had some grilled veggies or something to go in that vegetarian option but I can't hold that against them. I just tend to lean towards vegetarian where possible and it would have been nice to have that awesome flavor carry over to a non meat option. I may end up stalking this truck in an unhealthy manner.D Lish!  I have partaken in the new phenomenon that is taceaux loceaux!  while they were parked in front of Dos Jefes I had the Seoul Man and the Messing with Texas.  Both awesome!  They now do taceauxs, tortas and soup!Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum. Best tacos in New Orleans...and they come from a truck! Vegetarian is the way to go, but all sound delicious.French fried avocado was amazing. Two other tacos - also fantastic - don't remember what they were but I'll put at a pic!Inventive, local, and delicious -- and easy to follow on Twitter. They have a couple usual haunts but their twitter feed is helpful to be aware of. Open early enough for a street-meat dinner and late enough for post-bar binging. Glad to see more food trucks (and tacos!) in NOLA. A+++ would do business again.OK -- they are pretty good, but nothing close to the rave reviews I see here on Yelp.
Seven bucks for 2 tacos -- where they are extremely stingy with the meat --  total food/carne costs must be about 50 cents.
While they use an approved (by me) brand of tortilla, they do not heat them properly -- even mexicans at a work site will put a bit of dry heat on a tortilla to just-a-bit harden/dry them up.  TL's were too close to raw and mushy.  
And the standard at taco trailers about (even this) town have home made tortillas.   It ain't that hard.  Massa, water, kneading, a tortilla press, and voila -- something special that I regularly get in a $1.50-2.00 trailer taco. 
And  bulgogi is never chicken.Oddly enough, there are 3 restaurants I really miss in NOLA and who would have thought a taco truck would be one of them?  But if you ever try it, you will understand.  I miss those night when my boyfriend and I stalked out the truck.  Anxiously waiting in our car until we knew they were up and running.  Some nights I waited almost an hour (Kingpen nights got insanely busy) but I didn't mind at all.  I patiently awaited my glorious tacos while sipping on an Abita Strawberry.  We were like kids on Christmas morn if we happen to catch them on a night when the main man in his chefy pants was heading up the grill.  He is the best!  
I can't wait to visit New Orleans and have my tacos again!  I want extra pickled carrots and jalapenos!  Miss y'all!I've had Taceaux Loceaux a few times and they are damn good tacos.  However, two tacos for $7 is a bit much.  I expect value when I visit a food truck.   I'm not a big guy by any means and it takes two orders to satisfy my hunger.These tacos are GOOD.  Don't let the people from  New Orleans, Maryland, New York and where ever else tell you that the only reason people like them is because there is no good Mexican food here--I am from Texas so I do know what good Mexican food is and I promise these tacos are actually good.
I've tried the Messin' With Texas (brisket, cabbage, radishes, cilantro, crema, salsa on flour), Carnital Knowledge (carnitas--pork, cabbage, radishes, cilantro, chipotle aioli on corn) and Duck on the Truck (duck, cabbage, citrus chile salsa, chipotle aioli on flour).  The meat was well seasoned and marinated and cooked perfectly, especially the brisket and duck.  
The tacos were perfectly filled--not over or under--when we went and they were using decent tortillas.  No, the tortillas are not homemade, but they also aren't Mission brand (thank goodness) and are heated before being served.  It's true, they are a little expensive for a "taco truck", but 3-4 dollars for a really good full taco is not a bad deal.
Their one man (or woman) system of taking orders, cooking all of them, then taking more orders can make the wait a little long, but it's definitely worth it.  We have stopped to grab tacos then jumped in the car and driven back to Metairie and they were still just as good as eating them right away.  Otherwise, take advantage of the bars they park in front of regularly--they will let you come inside with the tacos, but definitely throw them a couple bucks and order a drink so they keep inviting the truck back!
If I could have one wish Taceaux Loceaux, it would be breakfast tacos--a late night chorizo, egg, potato and cheese would be my dream come true!Their tacos are amazing!  Every one I've tried has been fantastic, with the Fun Guy (mushroom) being my absolute favorite.  Definitely get the Amazeballs if they're being served, but the avocado fries are a close second.When I moved to New Orleans from Texas, I was skeptical that I would be able to find good, creative tacos. Taceaux Loceaux has never disappointed me.
While nearly everything on the menu is tasty, I especially recommend Kermit's Barbecue or the Messin' with Texas brisket tacos. The avocado fries and the amaze-balls are also delicious to add on to your order.Just not good.  Came into a mostly empty restaurant and still took over 20 to get my basic order.  The tacos were just got good.  Chorizo was not flavorful, chubster was nothing better than taco Bell but 4 times the price.  Chips were also stale.  Paid 30 for food for two, no drinks and it was awful.Definitely not as good as their truck. Maybe they still need to work out the kinks. Tacos took 25 minutes to come out and were cold.Been to the food truck many times, and was excited to try the brick and mortar.  Week one, the food was great but the restaurant was still trying to find their feet, ok no problem, week one.  As with the food truck, as turnover crept in and new employees came on the food quality got worse, little details that made them good became oversights.  After the first week, the same problems began to plague them, lack of detail and general lowering of the bar crept into the food at the brick and mortar.  Loved the truck, the prices were lower too.  I guess as a restaurant owner its tough to maintain your standards that you set as you take on more and more responsibilities on the business side.  If they get back to the basics and maintain a high standard on everything they serve, it might help right the ship.  I hope they can get it right before they have to close the physical location.Sorry.  Love the truck.  Yall are terrible at brick n mortar though.  20 mins for chips and salsa?  There was 8 people ahead of me.  Brisket was over seasoned.  Carnitas was so salty it burned my tongue. Completely forgot about my 3rd taco I ordered.  At least I wasn't charged for it.  2nd chance and y'all blew it.  Will not be back.  So sad.Tasty tacos, with vegan options! I had the  Friendly staff. Taqueria style restaurant. Reasonably priced. Notorious PIG and the El Dorado (one meat, one veggie). Enjoyed them both.It took over 45 minutes to get all six tacos.  Turns out they forgot one of them, but were cool with it and gave us a 2nd for free. The man bringing over the food was open about not knowing which tacos were which because he just started but I feel like that's a pretty basic skill in waiting tables - know what food your giving each person. In the end it turned out the taco we thought we didn't get was actually one we did get (Messin with Texas) and we didn't get to try Carnita Knowledge.  Food was ok - the carne asade was dry, the pollo asado was good, the Seoul Man (Bulgogi Chicken) and Messin with Texas was amazing. Will definitely be trying other restaurants before coming back here.As a Texan who's living in New Orleans, I am always trying to find a place that will satisfy my constant taco craving.  This place was not it. Our queso came out luke warm and our chips were bendable (undercooked af). The tacos not so good as well. Brisket was the only acceptable one. Also why doesn't the menu specify what's actually on the taco? You have no idea what you're getting other than the meat that's inside it (unless you're ordering skirt steak then you really don't know what the fuck that is). The margaritas were not very good either and they also came from a tap. Who does that? Is making a fresh margarita so hard? No.Don't eat here. Just don't. Save your money. You can order tacos and/or chalupas from Taco Bell and be more satisfied.
Good service and fast, but the meat isn't seasoned and the whole taco is just flavorless.The food was legitimately not good. All of the meat was dry, and the toppings were bitter and mayonaissy. Never going again.Glad my favorite taco truck has there own restaurant now. They have many options to choose from. Of course taco truck is limited. But it's fresh. taco could have been A little juicier. The music could have been better lol. A nice rotation would have been nice.It's unfortunate that Taceaux Loceaux has developed a name for themselves yet were unable to live up to their reputation. I understand the kinks of opening a new restaurant, but my experience here goes beyond this. I struggle to find one good thing to say. The restaurant had plenty of tables, yet for some reason there were not enough chairs to accommodate the tables creating a constant musical chairs situation. The ordering process seemed okay, but when it came to getting our food it was clear that whatever goes on in the back end needs serious improvement. We didn't actually receive anything we ordered (well, maybe one taco but we can't be sure). We ordered chips and salsa but got chips, queso and guac. When we let the staff know that this wasn't what we ordered he seemed to care less as if he considered it an upgrade instead (spoiler alert: it wasn't) and he never brought any salsa. Comparing the queso to Tostitos would be generous. It was room temp at best and was oddly thick and tasted weird - like nothing I've seen before. The guac was really just mashed avocados with maybe a dash of lime; it clearly was not made there but instead served from a bucket of pre-made "guac." When the tacos finally arrived they weren't labeled and the waiter had absolutely no idea what meat they even were. Essentially we just had overpriced mystery tacos. Oh, and all the food was cold. 
On the bright side, everyone else was dealing with the same mystery taco struggles and being able to watch the whole situation unfold was mildly amusing. They also brought us out free unidentified beer so at least there was that. It was needed since the sangria was absolutely undrinkable. 1 star for the free beer, amusing people watching experience, and well because that's as low as you can go on yelp. Not sure I'll ever have the courage to try this place again.Finally got around to visiting. I'm a fan of their food truck so I couldn't wait to visit their restaurant. Murals on the walls are beautiful. Ordered queso with carne. Queso tasted odd to me but I got used to the odd flavor. Ordered Delta Prawn (shrimp) and Messin with Texas (brisket). Brisket was good as always. The prefer my shrimp to be seasoned more but that probably more of a personal preference. Veggie toppings tasted fresh and crisp. My bro didn't know what all came on the taco as he would have customized his taco more. If you have any diet needs make sure you ask what's on the taco as there's no other way to know. Only the meat/main veggie is listed on the menu. Mango soda is delicious. I'll definitely be back to give them another go.Delta prawn (shrimp tacos), avocado fries, and paloma were delicious. (Just as good as food truck version!)
Agree with many of the previous reviewers that they've still got some kinks to work out in regards to most effective use of space, especially to make it a place where you'd want to eat a sit down meal.
But in the meantime, a great to-go option, especially for those who are bored with the traditional Mexican fare in the neighborhood.Their tacos are great! They have an amazing selection of classic and unique tacos. Their avocado fries are a must! Be on the look out for their specialsTwo stars because the truck is great. I have heard nothing but bad reviews about the brick and mortar. We finally decided to try it tonight. I called twice for takeout. The first time, the man who answered the phone was brusque, rude, and hung up on me. I called again and his voice was dripping with condescension. He refused to take my order. Just as well, I suppose. The rest of the reviews say I'd just be throwing my money away anyway.I was excited to try this new place! It is in a great location and was super convenient but unfortunately the food fell short-- if you even got your order. First, the general ambiance was negative. Despite being an adequate size, it felt extremely crowded. On to the food, I ordered one brisket taco which was $4.50 for ONE taco. I was willing to look past the price if the food was good quality but unfortunately this was not the case. The meat was good and had a decent flavor but the cold lettuce and excessive cilantro added nothing and was a weak attempt at filler. The taco lacked substance and did not prove satisfactory. AFTER, I received my measly taco, the appetizers came. I ordered the chips and queso as well as a salsa. For $5, the portion size was tiny and wouldn't have been enough to share if I actually had enjoyed eating it. The best way I can describe the queso's flavor is day-old tostitos that was reheated. The chips were the worst part of the experience (besides what comes next). They were extremely hard, greasy, and overly salted-- I could barely eat 5 chips before I was in literal pain. Lastly, my friend who I dined with didn't even receive her food. She ordered right after me and only ordered one taco but her food never came! The large party behind us received all their food and it seemed as if they kitchen had forgotten her order. Honestly, we just left and decided to go somewhere else since the food was subpar at best.I was rooting for this place, I really was. This was my favorite taco when they were a food truck. But there seems to be something that when a food truck goes brick and mortar, it just does not work and I never quite know why... It is the same recipes but with a bigger kitchen, right?
I came here on a Saturday in between lunch and dinner so an off time, less busy. Loved the art and painting on the wall. I waited in a line to order my food. My hubby ordered, then someone got in between us in line, then I was after that person. After my husband he sat in the large communial table inside. There are also seats outside fyi. As soon as my husband ordered, the man taking orders just left for a good 7 or so minutes. I didn't hear him say he would be right back, maybe he said it, maybe he didn't. So it was just me and the man that got in front of me in line waiting. The kitchen space is open so you can see how many chefs are cooking and there appeared to be only one that day or at that time. So, it seemed as though they were short staffed. 
The man that takes the orders came back and started taking orders again. He was also the bartender since the ordering platform was the bar, which was nice, I thought but might have gone quicker with a bartender and an order taker. I go to take my order, I smiled and said he, he was not really friendly. I started to order my tacos, he cut me off mid-taco and asked if I wanted guac or an app and I said no and continued with my taco order. I wanted to try the off the hook, which was fried fish, but he said they were out. Those that know me or have read my reviews know that is HUGE pet peeve of mine when the waiter or, in this case, does not mention what they are out of BEFORE I set my mind to it. Had my husband not ordered already, I would have been tempted to leave. He had his chance to inform me of that when he cut me off trying to see if I wanted an app. I really need to start ordering first or sadly start asking these people if they are out of anything for all future dining experiences.... anyway, I ordered the delta prawn instead and the pollo asado and the seoul man which was the bulgogi chicken. I also ordered the spicy margarita. He made my drink, did not fill it to the top, the ice filled over half way up the small glass though. I basically paid $8 for $4 of marg.
I go to sit next to my hubby and wait. He still didnt have his food and remember the order taker went MIA for several minutes plus another order was placed before mine. So super slow service all around. The food came out, the bus boy was very friendly and smiley. My hubby ordered the pork taco that had a little bit of flavor, not much though. The carne asada he ordered was a splain piece of meat with no spices or flavoring added to the meat. The taco shells are great and appear to be homemade. On to my dish, the bulgogi was hands down the best taco out of the bunch. The meat had great flavor and the toppings were spectacular. The shrimp, I could not even finish because it had a fishy smell to it that was unappealing. It just seemed like it was frozen shrimp. The other chicken taco was not as good as the bulgogi. The margarita, even though only half full, was a tad too spicy and I like spice. It just did not taste good. 
I think they rely too much on their toppings and do not pay enough attention to their meats anymore. It was not the case when they were a food truck. If I am gonna wait that long for food, it at least should great and 1 out of 5 tacos is not great. Also, of the food isn't gonna be up to par, the service better be, and that was not there either. I really wanted this place to work. :-(This was truly a terrible meal. I'm absolutely baffled given their reputation and given the number of people dining in the restaurant. First, the tables were dirty and no one ever came to clear or wipe them (I ended up doing it myself). The chips were cold and a little chewy. They ran out of salsa. The portions of pico and guacamole were really small yet it cost $9.00. We ordered 4 different tacos. The meats had very little distinct flavor. They all just tasted like the same generic tacos. The tortillas didn't seem fresh or homemade. They were also cold and crumbly. I guess here's the point...if I can make better food than the restaurant, then you don't get my vote. I know we don't live in Austin (shout out to Torchy's Tacos!!!) but we do live in New Orleans. Do better. Totally disappointing.Avocado fries were great. Salsa was slightly above store bought, but good; however, the tortilla chips were too salty for my taste. No frozen margaritas available. The Chubster was very greasy, but the Delta Prawn was good. Atmosphere was ok, but the music was way too loud. Staff was nice. Overall an ok experience, but probably wouldn't go back unless in the area.I'm sorry where's the truck!?! 
Who ever runs/ owns this needs to fire all the incompetent employees and start over. The guys on the truck are faster and have i seen them churn out tacos like they are hot cakes on multiple occasions..This group good lord...cant even get me my order right even when its written on a piece of paper for them. And if they do it's 35 min later and l am the only one in there.. 
Look I  love Taceaux Loceaux and will continue to eat from the truck but good god man shut this down. You will save yourself the money you spend on rent at this location and retrofit two new trucks. 
Shut it down!Hooray for this location! A big fan already of the taco truck. Stopped by tonight and everything is running smoothly. Got the potato and poblano taco and the bulgogi chicken taco, both excellent and fresh. The space is nice and plenty of tables. The wait for the food was a reasonable 5 minutes or so. The only criticism involves the chips and queso- both were objectively awful. The chips were visibly coated with grease and tasted stale although I'm sure they were not. The queso was like no queso I have ever had, and not in a good way. The flavor was bland and unidentifiable. I should have ordered the avocado fries, as the other reviewer noted I saw others ordering them and they looked good.  I'll be back!The food truck has a brick and mortar location now! The tacos were delicious, although quite a few (El Pastor, Chorizo, etc) were sold out, so didn't get to try those :(. Ordered the Messin' w/ Texas (brisket), Seoul Man (bulgogi chicken), El Dorado (potato & poblano), and California Dreaming (cauliflower). Husband and I both liked the Seoul Man best, with both the veggie ones being solid as well. We found the brisket one to be too salty. A friend said his favorite was the carne asada one. The Avocado Fries were delicious as well--lightly battered and freshly fried, with that melt in your mouth creaminess. Would definitely recommend if you're in the neighborhood.I wanted to like it. I was glad to see they were opening a physical location after having a decent reputation for their food truck. But the food was pretty mediocre. The place had a peculiar feel to it, beyond feeling disorganized since it was only their second week. The food just wasn't that good. The customer service was well, maybe fine for a truck, but not for a restaurant. And I think it was pretty pricey for what you got.
I've heard other similar things from friends in the neighborhood, state of the strongly as "I'm not going back."
Might give them another chance. But only one.Nothing to write home about. I had the pollo asado and it was okay. Just okay. The brisket was pretty good. Unfortunately they were out of two of their vegetarian options, which was surprising as it wasn't yet 6pm. The queso was alright but a really small portion for $5. Service was eh. Not a terrible experience, but we'll be hitting up one of the many other new taco spots in the area instead.I was a follower of this food truck and excited to see it open but it ended sadly disappointed. 
From first impression the place has no decor. It's not welcoming or inviting and I had no desire to sit down and stay. The counter to order is also the bar so it was a slow process as he made drinks right after taking 1 groups order.  The place seems cramped with wire shelves stuck in front of the open kitchen. 
We called ahead for togo. Upon arrival we saw several items on their menu were not available. They did not call to tell us, they just chose something else instead... ok whatever we are in a rush so we will take it. 
The food was dry and bland. Shrimp...flavorless, steak ....dry, and brisket, covered in a ton of sauce prob to also mask the dryness.  Avocado fries were as always delish and were the main reason we came. 
Overall I'm not a fan and don't see them lasting long.It's a No for me... This place is one of thee most Gentrified "Mexican" taco places I've ever been too. $5 for one taco and it was dry, desert dry! Mexican tacos aren't supposed to cost that much. It's supposed to be inexpensive street food but somehow it's become the go to for this hipster scene and I couldn't hate it any damn less. It's ridiculous and yeah I'm pushing my frustrations about other restaurants out here but it needs to stop. Authentic Mexican tacos aren't dry and if you're going to charge me an arm and a leg for one please put something other than a slice of radish on it. The best thing they've got are the avocado fries which I could make myself at home. Next!The food truck is amazing, favorite in the city but I will not be coming back to the brick and mortar. Chips were stale, guacamole was brown and over salted, and the tacos were just ok. Really disappointed that they could not replicate the food truck.We were excited to see the best Taco truck in town would be serving in our area. Quality and taste has dropped substantially. Such a shame.Loved the Carnital knowledge taco on Monday! Looking forward to trying the salad, adding meat, next time!This place is no longer open.  Business declined because of poor quality... therefore they closed it.My friend and I drove all over NOLA on Sunday for lunch. Everything was either too long of a line or closed due to COVID-19. We ended up at Taceaux Loceaux. I kind of thought it was a red flag and wondered  what was up when we walked in and no one was there when every other place is bustling. 
We placed our orders and sat down. The chips and Guacamole were ok. The guy brought the rest of our orders a little later. We got the Messin with Texas Tacos and a Black n Gold Quesadilla. The tacos were covered with too much spicy sauce - most likely to try and soften the Brisket, which was all dried out in the tacos and quesadilla. 
It was all disappointing. I think it's a cool concept, but the follow thru is not there. The service was very unfriendly also. There are much better places around. I don't see myself coming back here.When you go to the truck, an order is 2 tacos. On Ubereats, it's one taco per order. I ordered 4 tacos and queso (which didn't arrive), charged $30+, and didn't have enough food for one person. You need to make this clear.I've loved these people since it was only a food truck. We checked out the brick & mortar on my birthday. Which was perfect because it was taco Tuesday. I had the Messin with Texas brisket tacos and a hibiscus margarita. All were perfection! I will def be back ASAPery! Chefs kiss...Absolutely amazing! My husband and I were intending to go to a Mexican restart down the street, but it was closed as it is Christmas Eve, so we gave this place a try. So impressed. This will be our go to in the future. The shishitos appetizer was so good! We also ordered the avocado fries, a  "Messin' with Texas" taco, a "Seoul man" taco and a quesadilla. All delicious! The quesadilla was even better adding the aioli sauces from the appetizers. 
The frozen Louisiana strawberry margarita was perfect-  not overly sweet, with just the right amount of tang.My order was wrong when I got there and the guy told me I told him to put the wrong stuff on my order "go figure". Lakeside location much better customer service was terribleI was looking for a nice place to have lunch on taco Tuesday that I haven't been to in the city when I came across this place. I ordered the messin with Texas and the Chubster taco. Both were amazing!!! I went back and got another order like it was a round of drinks lol.. but this place has some good food, can't wait to get back there for lunch again!Will not be going back.  The person making the food behind the counter was not wearing gloves or a face covering with the owner standing there talking to him.  I'll go down a block for Juan's instead for lunch today.Super let down by this place. They were out of carne asada by 5pm, the chips were stale, guac wasn't fresh, and the quesadilla tasted a bit off. 
I look forward to going to Juan's or rum house next time I want Mexican.My coworker and i decided to get a few of the hibiscus margaritas. We called ahead around 3:12 and was told for two the total would be $11. She arrived there at 3:20. The total them became $18. She was 10 minutes shy of Happy Hour. I feel it was terrible customer service being that we were quoted the Happy Hour price before hand. We work for a salon nearby. The owner actually introduced himself to us upon opening and greeted us with a sampler of menu options. Due to his welcoming gesture I HIGHLY DOUBT that's the customer service standards he has for his business. A older woman with long grey hair was extremely rude to her in my opinion.Absolutely delicious! So fresh and all of the flavors are perfectly balanced. Some of the best tacos I've ever had. My fiancé and I got a bunch of different tacos and loved all of them. The Carnital Knowledge and Delta Prawn  And. The. Tortillas! So so good. 
Please never stop doing what you're doing, and I promise we'll keep coming.Atmosphere was cool - too bad the chef isn't a taco lover - had the 2 seafood tacos - bland tortillas, mayo based - hard shrimp - over fried tasteless drum - just so blah... cmon guys watch a Netflix on how to do this - take a trip to Austin - get reinsured guys it's tacos ... no one cares about your local take on itLet me just say pass on the guac, salsa, and queso. None of them tasted like what they were suppose to be, I was just confused. The tacos I ordered were good but not a place I have to revisit. The restaurant is nice and vibrant on the inside and the staff was friendly.This was an interesting experience. The service was very questionable, with the man working counter making numerous unsavory comments to my party. We were uncomfortable. The carne asada and shrimp tacos were the ones that stood out to us.Actually commented out loud at the table about how wonderful the pollo asada smelled atop my salad. The chicken is delightfully marinated, the romaine was fresh, pepitos (Mexican seeds somewhere between a pumpkin seed and sunflower seed) and the cotiga was fresh. The cilantro balsamic was fresh and delicious. I texted photos and my less lengthy positive review to at least a dozen friends. Try the truck salad  with pollo asadaLargely the same food as you'd get on the truck - not everything is great all the time but we always love the Seoul Man Tacos.  Off The Hook and Delta Prawn tacos are great additions and the el Dorado taco is very good but slightly too spicy for my wife's preference.  Brisket has always been a bit hit or miss but the Black & Gold Quesadilla is still great comfort food served with [okay] salsa and sour cream.  Can't say I'd always recommend the chips & guac because it seems to vary order by order.
Overall, it's a fantastic option that I'm happy is now available all the time - even via delivery.  Still imperfect at times, but the Seoul Man Tacos remain pretty close to perfect in my opinion.Taceaux Loceaux has been my savior during this pandemic. They have the freshest frozen margaritas made with fresh squeezed lime juice. Even better is getting it swirled with the frozen hibiscus margarita- the hibiscus tea is also freshly made in house. The avocado fries are everything all the reviews say they are- crispy, not greasy at all, and totally delicious. I'm not a vegetarian but I've really enjoyed the potato poblano quesadilla, and it travels well. Thank you TL for staying open! #yelplove #thankyouthursdaySo much YUM!!! I've ordered from here 3 times now and every time it's been delish!  I highly highly recommend the messin with Texas taco, it's hands down my favorite!  However the delta prawn and California dreaming  are close seconds!Not good. Ten minutes after we sat down and ordered we heard the guy at the counter call the owner and beg him to come in because no one there KNEW HOW TO COOK THE FOOD. 
The four of us got our 3 salads and 2 tacos over about at 40 minutes stretch, and there were only 2 other tables in the restaurant. 
The food tasted good. I think if you think of this as more of a "stationary food truck" and not an actual restaurant, then you won't be as disappointed.Wanted to support this place because I live nearby. The salsa tasted like watery tomato sauce, the cheese dip tasted like gasoline from the bottom of a grill, and the guacamole was brown. Had to throw out everything including a chicken taco and taco salad. The bartender made a great margarita though!TL has a nice location right off Magazine St. They have a large selection of tacos with many different meat and vegetable options.  The tacos were okay, but they were a bit dry and super flavorful. The queso was also just okay. I was also given a different taco than what I ordered, but I just ate it rather than wait for them to make a new one. The restaurant is an order at the counter establishment and they also have a large alcohol selection. I went on a Wednesday night for dinner and we were the only ones there. I have had the food truck tacos before and I remember them being much better than the ones I had at the brick & mortar establishment. There is street parking only.My first time at Taceaux Loceaux. Staff was very friendly, and the food was delicious. The murals in the restaurant were colorful and inviting. I would recommend the Salsa and the Notorious P.I.G. taco. I will definitely come back for more!I have waited too long to come try this place and was pleasantly surprised with the food. I was impressed with the margaritas (super fresh and flavorful) and the tacos we ordered were very good. My only complaint was that I do find the tacos a little pricey as they all range from about $4-5. I ordered two tacos and a margarita for $20.Huge kudos to you.   Everyone masked, and social distanced, and outdoor seating if you want to eat outside.   Drinks are served, and soda's.    I had the shishito's.  OMG  these are fun.    Make sure you can handle hot tho, since these crunchy and salty peppers are a tad hot.  blistered?   yeah you rite.
then seoul man please.   YUMMY
pollo asada.
stand up taco's for reals.
during this pandemic this is a hot spot, they have delivery options across the interwebs, and they also have a taco truck to boot.
following all the guidelines and providing good food.   They are also part of the chef brigade feeding people in need during this pandemic.
If you feel a need to get help with some food in this great city, dial 311 and get on board.Best Mexican food in the city! I highly recommend! Please try the avocado fries!!! AMAZING!congratulations y'all.
This is a great add to the neighborhood.    Also a great step out for your business.   The Carne Asada fries?   yummy.     You can never go wrong with the Avocado fries, and many taco's to choose from here.    They even have a liquor license, and fried chilies!   with a great dipping sauce.   I cannot say enough about the expansion, and look forward to coming here over and over.  
Kermits BBQ, Seoul Man, Brisket, and all the standards with additions.   A great lunchtime or dinner change of pace for this area.
Much love you guys,
congrats.I learned about Taceaux Loceaux on Anthony Bourdain's The Layover show. The food looked so delicious; I just had to try it. There was street parking available when I went for a late lunch betweeen 2 & 3 PM. The restaurant is casual and on the small side. I loved all the colours! The signage outside had a multi-coloured sugar skull, and the menu was attractive to the eye, written on a black board behind the cash in ever colour imaginable. The cashier was new and training, but she was very friendly and eager to please. The owner came over to help out, as I was asking what I could get that was gluten-free. 
Sadly, I couldn't do the taco with the beef brisket because that had soy sauce added to the meat. I did order the beef carne asada and shrimp tacos with a side of black beans. The prices are very fair and I felt the food was a very good value. There is alcohol available, but I had to drive, so I stuck with water. 
I went to sit in the back. The chairs are a bit hard, but not terrible. Loved the colorful artwork on the walls, and the bathroom was clean. 
The tacos were amazing! There were so many different textures and flavours that all married together wonderfully. There was fresh cilantro in the carne asada and this wonderful cheese, a perfect blend of richness and freshness. The shrimp taco had plenty of shrimp and a wonderful sauce. There was something pickled in there. I believe it was onion, There was also the zip of lime. Both were on corn tortillas which tasted homemade. I found the beans to be a little bland. They needed some veggies like onions or peppers in there, but I added some hot sauce and they were really good. 
The owner was interviewing a girl for a position that day. I didn't mind since I was the only person there and it was a quiet Monday afternoon. She did get the job, so congrats to her! 
If I hadn't been so full, I would've loved to try other menu items. This restaurant will definitely be on my list when I return next year for Mardi Gras season!