Taco Bell saves my life every week. Specifically this Taco Bell. 
Especially when you're making a complete fool of yourself after 2am. 
God Bless this location.This is by far the epitome of poor service. Workers who are not on the clock sit around swearing and yelling before their shift starts, yelling "y'all aren't busy" even though I'm clearly in line and no has taken my order.
The service is also quite slow. If I can help it, I'll never come here again.This place is an actual joke I ordered three Doritos locos tacos and I get this. Do not go hereThis is not only the WORST Taco Bell ever, but quite possibly one of the worst establishments ever. Every time we go they are out of one or more BASIC ingredients (see photo). On this night, aside from being out of large lids, jalapeño cheese, medium cups, naked chips, grilled chicken, onions, Mountain Dew, Baja blast, diet Mountain Dew, apple soda, flat bread, Crunchwrap supremes, and Nachos supreme, but they were ALSO out of hard taco shells. How the hell do you runout of taco shells at a Taco Bell? Must be some really sharp people ordering ingredients and supplies for this one...This place is a nightmare they have no customer service experience. you wait in line for 20 minutes to place your order and another 15 minutes to receive your order!!! just a complete nightmare.I waited a week to add this review because I hoped someone would reach out to me after I filled out a survey, contact form, tweeted, and another contact form, but I got zero response.  I've been to this Taco Bell multiple times and received varying degrees of service typically on the not so great side. However, it's fast food and a miserable job so that is to be expected.  My main issue, and why I'm writing this review, is on my most recent visit I ordered through the mobile app.  When I arrived at the store they said they never got the order. I showed it to them on my phone and they said they're not going to honor it.  I was told if I wanted my food I would have reorder and pay again.  What kind of business does that? It is no way to treat your customers.  They told me if I wanted a refund I would have to reach out to corporate. I did and I've gotten no response.  I'm very disappointed, I love Taco Bell and look past a lot when I go but this is unacceptable.Taco Bell have some good prices. They also have some nice food. I love the that spicy sauce they serve the customers. Those cinnamon twist sticks are wonderful .They have definitely stepped up there game! 
I had a pretty complicated order but the guy at the drive thru was very patient and read me back my order.
They nailed the order, food was great!
Will return here more often!This Taco Bell is just sad. I have been to this location multiple times and every time the staff reports that they are 'out' of this and that. Also, the staff members are rude and very short when trying to order and the wait in the drive thru is normally a 20 to 30 minute wait for food. This Taco Bell needs help.I came just now to get Taco Bell and legit  waited in the drive thru for over 30 minutes for a crunch wrap supreme. So pissed.Most disrespectful service I have ever experienced. Told my girl friend to hurry up her order after they told us they were out of tacos, burritos and quesadillas and wouldn't tell us what items were available. Completely rude and incompetent. Deserve to get paid $1 an hour for their complete lack of respect for their customers. Shocking they are still operational.I was excited to know a taco bell is near. The location is new and clean... but still Taco Bell~ (I tried a huge burrito, with avocados.. I enjoyed it and left stuffed!)Hands down the worst fast food joint in this city. Also pretty sure I've written a one star review before, so I don't know if it was deleted or what. My review is based solely on the fact that this location is so poorly managed, I don't know how the employees function. They are constantly out of things like "chicken" and "tacos"!!! The lines are always absurd and you should never leave without checking your order because there's a 100% chance that 90% of what you ordered is not in the bag!So I have been loyal to taco bell since I was probably 6 years old. This Taco Bell location is the most disappointing Bell that I have ever been to hands down. I now can only get my bell fix when I drive all the way across town to the other one in Metairie. One time I waited 45 minutes in the DRIVE THRU LINE. I could've watched half a movie while waiting for fast food. I would've left but I physically couldn't. I go time and time again and they are frequently out of apple empanadas/baja blasts/doritos tacos. The crunch wrap supremes are so poorly made its sad. This place is a nightmare and is desperate for new management.In the last 3 visits, twice they forgot the quac and salsa in the California am crunchwrap. Eggs and hashbrowns are good but when you are looking forward to the item you actually ordered and don't get it that's annoying. Time to educate your employees on what the menu items are.God, I love taco bell from the bottom of my heart, and this food at this one is not bad and is usually all correct, even with special instructions for all of my girlfriends food, but every single time I come here I wait in line for an hour. No joke, the last two times I've been here now I have waited in line for an hour. 60 minutes. I have never waited so long to get food a monkey could make. Not fast food at all. You need to be determined to eat some taco bell to go through this taco hellClean, quick, friendly. The cashier didn't bat an eye when I asked for my tacos "no meat, beans instead." Just rang me up and I got exactly what I wanted.  You can't ask for more than that.Went through the drive thru on a Tuesday night. There was poor customer service and the employees were rude. When we got our order we also found that one of our orders were missing and the other order was wrong. Needs definite improvement, at least on the night shift.Had a migraine and didn't want to cook tonight so I went to this drive thru location.
When I got there I was the only one in the drive thru line and thought great this shouldn't take too long. 
I waited patiently, about 3-5 minutes and no one greeted me at the order screen. Finally cars start to line up behind me.
I finally say hello and a voice responds, "Sorry, I'll be with you in a moment."
Another 5 mins go by, cars behind me are starting to leave and I ask, how much longer it's going to be.
At that point the worker responding has a very heated response that doesn't make sense and when I ask for clarification they are even more abrupt and angry in their response and said something about coming inside.  
After waiting an additional couple of mins I just left and figured if they don't have it together the food is going to taste bad too so I left annoyed and went to McDonalds instead.
A suggestion: be proactive and let your customers know what's going on, don't waste their time and communicate in a professional manner. 
The time was around 8:30pm, when I drove off I could see a huge line inside and there was a long line behind me when I left the parking lot.  
This location should be more efficiently run, tonight it was well below company standards, seeing the other posts on here it seems like this needs to be worked on. From the business side of things, the lost profit should be a motivator to do better.
Rant finished.I had to drive back because they messed up every element of my order. While waiting for them to fix it, another guy showed up with the exact same problem. He was understandably angry, but handled it in a much louder, less diplomatic way than I did. However, the workers responded by completely ignoring him. I'm never going back to this location .That crazy 'couture' menu with the female chef? No beuno.Be super careful. Late night the woman taking orders will say you are yelling at her. She called the cops on someone recently. I was NOT yelling last night just ordering through a speaker system. Maybe her headset needs to be turned down or maybe she needs a different job. I did not appreciate her attitude at all. Oh an the person she called the cops on merely asked for hot sauce    Taco Bell you have a serious problem.I frequent this place more than I like to admit, being that it is on my way home from work and open late, but the last two times I came here I can only believe they are messing with me on purpose. They inexplicably added beef to by 7 layer burrito (I'm a vegetarian) and today the woman at the drive through actually screamed at me when I told her I had the wrong drink. "I didn't take your order! It says this drink on the order! It's not my fault!!" And refused to charge the happy hour price first because she said it wasn't 2 yet when I ordered (the receipt says 2:03) and then she claimed it was because I didn't specifically ask for the happy hour price which I've never had to do.
Taking out your bad day on customers is super lame, I'm always overly polite to fast food employees, having been one myself I know how tough the job can be. Doesn't excuse this level of bizarre hostility over some darn tacos. Sheesh.When I was 9, my brother convinced me that if I mixed every drink at the drink fountain at Taco Bell together and drank it, I'd die. Then he convinced me I'd be a pussy if I didn't try it, so I did. I died on the floor right there. When I woke up, the Mage behind the counter told me that the fact that I can recall what happened to me after I died means that I am a shaman. I had an out of body experience and learned on the other side that if you don't throw away your cup, but rather KEEP the cup, you can enter any Taco Bell around the world and fill it up with whatever drink you want for free. 
PS: in the Taco Bell underworld, they only use those talking trash cans, and the employees live the same day over and over for eternity, able to feel all the pain they felt in life. But the plus side is that the menu stays up to date with the world of the living.Have you ever felt like you were going to get shot in the face while ordering a chalupa? Great location....Seriously...it's a Taco Bell. Which is Spanish for Explosive Diarrhea!
It usually lives up to it's name but that's not necessarily a good thing.Horrible. Ordered veggie taco salad. Got to work and it's got meat and no tomatoes or salsa. I hate you: that is all.Gross.  Bad service, brought back food but guess what?  Receipt wasn't in bag.  Big surprise. Went back and of course the shift leader on Sunday said it wasn't her fault.  I hate complaining about food, but they were serious assholes.I'd eat there so much more often if they hired extra employees to work after they close the dining room at night. Love me some quesadillas but I'd rather not wait 40 minutes in line when there's a McDonald's on the same block, that get me in and out in 5 minutesAs opposed to most other reviews, which are generally written for people questioning whether or not they should visit a certain establishment, this review is specifically written for the sole purpose of convincing any and all people giving Taco Bell anything less than five stars that they should either change their reviews or kindly fuck off.
Taco Bell is the epitome of everything that is ideal in our present day society. Taco Bell is the solution to all the world's problems. Taco Bell is life. 
Drunkenly pontificating about the future effects that Taco Bell will have on my soul whilst attempting to finish my 32oz can of Steel Reserve has led me to one and only one conclusion: Fire sauce is fucking fire.
The Chalupa, however unoriginal it might be in the grand context of pseudo-Tex Mex cuisine, cannot be dropped. The Gordita, with all its charming and versatile characteristics, will soon bestow endless warmth upon even the most languid of all starving souls once the world is yet again deserving of its mere presence. The Nacho Belle Grand and the Mexican pizza would bring the likes of Michelangelo, Picasso, or even Salvador DalÍ to shame with all it's colorful and imaginative grandeur.
The secret to Ash Williams' triumph over the dark powers of the Necronomicon? Taco Bell. The reason why Drew Brees was able to overcome the favored Payton Manning in Super Bowl XLIV? Taco Bell. The reason why Al Roker, despite all his misplaced political passive-aggressiveness, is so fucking happy in the morning? Fucking Fire Sauce, brah.
Taco Bell, no matter its location*, has shown consistency, stellar customer service, cleanliness, superior staff knowledge, speed, accuracy, agility, endurance and, most importantly, honesty right down to its core. So go, now, and get you some Taco Bell. It will make your days brighter and your nights more magical. Each new scratch you put into your front fender as you hurriedly pull into the drive-in will be met with choirs of angels gloriously tearing back every layer of the firmament as they sing praises of your triumphant return.
*Please note that the ambience of the S. Claiborne location is particularly enchanting.If you want to feel bad at a restaurant and meet some really rude and grumpy employees, go to this Taco Bell. Not coming back ever againWhere to begin, this location is a complete "S***SHOW"! A Taco Bell that has no hot sauces of any kind, who's in charge of this place Ebenezer Scrooge? On top of having no hot sauce, this location has no idea about building a taco or a burrito with the fillings, your basically paying for a sprinkle of cheese, a pound of lettuce and  1/2 teaspoon of meat. Is there a shortage of dog food? Yes, I said dog food, you all know taco bell taste like dog food, the hot sauce is what turns those little tacos into amazing scrumptious late night drunken snacks. This place is run by some very delusional individuals, you work for Taco Bell Devos and Divas, this means you go by their customer service standards and their business etiquette, so maybe you should not be up front gossiping about Diva ones attitude while Devo two has his devil spawn running around the place because he lacks day care; maybe the devils spawn could have cleaned the six tables that looked like a bomb had been set off in the middle of the dinning room. You need free entertainment with bad food and kitchen nightmares in living color hit this make shift tex mex hacienda up. Don't forget to bring your own Hot Sauce!Deserves zero stars.  Attempted ordering food in drive thru but instead was yelled at and told they could not make any of my order due to them  not having any cheese.  When I asked to just give make it without I was told that they couldn't do that.  The asshole employed to work the drive thru actually got smart with us and yelled at us.  We obviously didnt get anything and left hungry and pretty pissed off.  I will never spend my money at this location and I'll be sure to tell anyone who will listen about this horrible experience.what a waste of time. i waited in drive-thru for an hour. the food fucking sucked and it was poorly made . what a herendous franchise i'll never eat here again and i wouldn't feed a homeless person or a dog this disgracefull mexican bullshit! !One of the cleaner eating establishments in this area. Workers seem to be constantly working. The manager is very attentive to both the customers and the product being served.
All employees  chip in to get the customer served.
Food quality is typical Taco Bell quality, but the new Rolled chicken tacos are bland and not a great value.
Good Job Manager, you run a tight ship.
Your radio kept losing its connection btw.Next couple visits resulted in better food. However, the customer service was just unacceptable. I can't imagine the amount of money they loose at this location due to its poor hospitality that runs customers away.I don't know how I can give less than one star but your taco restaurant has NO hot sauce in the store? None? Is there any reason to open?  Put a sign on the door! They were also completely out of two soft drinks. 
Maybe they've been cut off from their vendors or maybe they're just totally incompetent; either way, steer clear of this place.Just don't waste your time. Go somewhere with better service and food. The wait time is ridiculous for being the ONLY CUSTOMERS.Well, I drove up and ordered and they gave me the food in a timely manner. It doesn't get much better than that, right?I have sent a copy of this letter to Mr. Greg Creed, CEO of Taco Bell.
Due to religious and personal beliefs, I have been a vegan who consumes no animal products at all for quite some time. Last night I visited the Taco Bell at 2800 S. Claiborne Ave., New Orleans LA, store number 027665 at 10:05 pm.  My cashier was Oprah L. As a strict vegan, this is not merely a "diet" that can be broken at any time; it is a deeply held religious belief. I was informed through the Vegetarian Resource Group and PETA that your company is vegetarian/vegan friendly with the ability to custom order items on your menu without meat or dairy. Taco Bell has always been one of my favorite fast-food restaurants because I could always find something I was able to eat off the menu.  
I informed the cashier, Oprah L. before placing my order that there would be no meat or dairy. I ordered a seven-layer burrito minus cheese and sour cream as well as two crunchy tacos fresco style with black beans substituted for ground beef. My husband is not a vegan and his items were on my order as well but there were no issues with his food aside from it being ice cold by the time they had mine ready.  The total cost of my order was $14.49
The cashier called the manager over and she informed me that I would have to order a smothered burrito.  I did not understand this but she said that was the way it had to be done.  Then she proceeded to charge me extra for guacamole ($.35), lettuce ($.30), and tomato ($.35), which are supposed to be on a seven-layer burrito anyway.  
Then they started trying to make the order.  It took three separate attempts as they kept adding cheese, meat, and sour cream while the entire time the cashier, manager, and cooks laughed at me and called me one of those crazy vegetarian people who was a pain in their a**es quite loudly to the point where everyone in the extremely busy restaurant was laughing, staring, and making equally rude comments along with them.  I am ashamed of my reaction.  I froze.  I just stood there shaking and trying my level best not to cry.  I am a forty-six year old woman but last night the staff at Taco Bell reduced me to feeling like I was a six year old child surrounded by taunting bullies on the playground.  By the time the food was finally made they had left the guacamole off that I was charged for even when I should not have been and there were refried beans on the tacos instead of the black beans that I had requested but by this time I was so upset I didn't dare say anything. 
I am a person of peace and compassion; however, I am extremely disappointed with your ordering system, and not educating your food preparation technicians on the importance of accuracy and sensitivity when it comes to your customers orders, especially when it involves someone's religious beliefs, health, lifestyle and/or well-being. If Taco Bell wants to be more diverse in the menu items, to fit the lifestyles and eating habits of customers, then the company should provide that service with dignity and understanding to their paying customers.My god the grumpy older lady at the register was barking at people and being really rude. Everyone's orders took at least 15 minutes or more. Tons of people walked out. Many people were upset that their orders were wrong, cold, incomplete. My food took a whopping 20 minutes to receive and it was wrong. I dared to send it back and it took another 10-15 minutes. I ordered at the machine instead of dealing with the rude lady at register. All the employees were walking slow, laughing and having a great time at the expense of their customers dissatisfaction. They didn't care. Customers were all upset and they just didn't care. People couldn't use the bathroom because they locked it and didn't have key to unlock it because the manager with the bathroom key wasn't available. What in the sam hell is going on here? It was really really bad. Place was filthy and everything looked destroyed. It was 11:30am! How is that even possible so early? Someone save your business. People will come anyways because it's Taco Bell but the people that live here are gonna skip it. I promise to never return to this Taco Bell.If I could give this 0 stars I would. Had 2 bad experiences through this specific Taco Bell. The drive through lady had a nasty attitude both times to both me, my husband, and my sister in law. It really amazes me how these people continue to keep their jobs, or even get them in the first place. They don't deserve anyone's business. Decided we just will not go to this one from now on. They clearly do not care about keeping customers.I don't usually like fast food, because it's so bad for me and the veggie options fries and those disgusting cardboard veggie patties. So pretty much the only fast food with options for me is Taco Smell. So I was pretty happy to know there is a new one on Claiborne. Only 2 blocks from the previous Taco Bell that closed years back. 
Well, as with most restaurants in this franchise they're slow and you better check your order since it's wrong or missing items. 
Tonight was our second visit to this location. Drive thru was speedy around 10:30pm. Forgot to check the bag, got home, and half the order was missing. I'd go back, but they didn't give a receipt and I'd spend more in gas than the $3 in food I was missing. They did remember to sub beans for meat though, so I could eat what we did get.
In short, edible, late night, fridge is empty, munchie food. But don't forget to check the bag.Of course, with fast food restaurants, my expectations aren't high. At the bare minimum, I'm just looking for my food to taste good, get a good value, a clean facility, and somewhat friendly employees. 
This Taco Bell met only the "cleanliness" criteria. 
The employee cut me off when talking, rushed me through the ordering process, and at the window, said NOTHING other than the price when interacting with me. No "hi, hello, thank you, good bye" or anything. 
I could deal with all that if the food was good, but they were very very skimpy! My burritos barely have ANY thing inside. All I tasted was tortilla. My quesadilla only had chicken on two pieces and barely had cheese. Again, all I tasted was tortilla. 
Poor experience!Let start by say that I don't like fast food to begin with except Taco Bell I love Taco Bell but I went here the other night and I have nothing good to say. I got an order of chips and cheese and there was hardly any cheese.... I also ordered a steak quesadilla with extra steak and let's just say there was no extra steak on there and my quesadilla was literally bald up and thrown in the back and the only thing good about my order was the two Doritos Loco's tacos that I ordered had easy lettuce that I work I didn't get the tomatoes that I asked for and paid for I asked for easy ice in my soda and I got a cup full of ice and barely any soda. I stopped here because I was hungry and Taco Bell sounded fantastic and I really did not feel like cooking I actually have never regretted stopping at Taco Bell until the other night. Not to mention the girl at the window had an attitude. I'm sry you were having a bad day/night but I didn't do anything to you please don't take it out on me. I didn't bother calling the manager because it honestly doesn't even help!!!!Absolute worst taco bell to order from! Spent so much time waiting in line to get cold food. You are better off driving to the Taco Bell on Airline. Way better service and better quality food. Wish I could give zero stars.Fast food should not ever take over an hour to give your food or take your order. If it wasn't an online order I would've left, but sadly, I already paid. 1 star for a reason. Avoid - go elsewhere.This spot is ghetto!  If you are looking to actually get your order right don't go to location.  Should have known when we saw customers in front of us walk back to drive through window.everytime i go to this taco bell they are out of something, forget something i order, or replace/forget some random component of an itemIf you're ever in this area and thinking of somewhere to eat and happen to see this Taco Bell, PLEASE just keep on driving. Food was horrible! The quesadilla was missing steak which was over cooked and dry on most slices and they didn't even bother putting the jalapeño sauce on it. They skimped on the hot sauce but for whatever reason gave me 55 packets of mild sauce. I also got a lemonade that tasted like toilet water. The employees were both loud and ghetto upon pulling up to the window and I felt like they were rushing out my food which may be the reason everything was so trash. Needless to say this horrible establishment will never see my face or my pockets again.They gave us the completely wrong order I'm very disappointed I didn't get sour cream on our supreme tacos and I got pinto beans and cheese instead of queso and chips. Totally wrong.Never have any sauces or even half of the menu available. Management and staff insanely incompetent.if there was an option to do no stars i would. don't go to this taco bell ever it's worth the drive to go somewhere else. every worker there is super unprofessional, laughing over the speaker and being extremely rude to you for no reason. also with the covid-19 virus employees are supposed to be wearing gloves and face masks and handing you the bag on a tray. this one doesn't.Consistently horribly bad service, but this bad review won't change anything since this is the only Taco Bell in Orleans Parish.
The drive thru often takes 20+ minutes to place an order, the order is often incorrect or an item is made incorrectly, and, of course, the employees are the least pleasant humans New Orleans has to offer.Good for a drive-thru on the way back from work when no other alternative exists.This is what I opened when I got home. I'll just let the pictures speak for themselves. After a 25 minute wait. Whew.I'm not quite sure how the service here could be so poor. I ordered 4 bean burritos fresco style which they managed to mess up by putting cheese/sour cream on (no big deal it happens) to which I told them and they said they'd remake them only to give me someone else's order twice. I only had to wait a grand total of 35 minutes for four basic burritos. Extremely unprofessional and unsurprising that their rating is so low.While this is my usual Taco Bell, tonight's visit was beyond terrible. We went to get carry-out at this location (2800 S Claiborne) on October 7, 2019, and ordered off the kiosk, which allows you to modify specific items in your order. We ordered the mexican pizza combo, swapped the hard taco supremes for soft supremes, no lettuce. We ordered 2 chicken quesadillas, one without spicy jalapeno sauce and add nacho cheese, the other make supreme. We added a cinnamon twists, another Mexican pizza, and a large drink.
What I recieved was 2 regular chicken quesadillas, and 2 mexican pizzas. So I told them I was missing my tacos, twists, and drinks. This was eventually rectified, probably in the rudest manner by the most unprofessional manager ever. We arrived home and started eating.
You can see from the pictures how my Mexican pizzas looked. This is disgraceful. Yeah, I know Taco Bell workers aren't paid a lot, but have some sort of pride in your work people! I've been doing jobs like this for almost half my life, and I'd be embarrassed to hand out food that looks like what I was given. I think the only reason my tacos came out as ordered because I had to ask for them special after they were forgotten.They gave us the completely wrong order! No sour cream on our supreme tacos and pinto beans and cheese instead of queso and chips. Totally wrong.Ordered from ubereats. I was missing 4 things from my order and everything was beef. I do not eat beef, so I paid extra for chicken modifications and none of it was not followed. I will be emailing corporate.I've never been to a worse place, terrible rude people. Ordered a cup of water with order and they charged us for a bottle. We said we didn't want a bottle but they charged us anyway, then complainedAlways such a long line. Also, they stated that they were cash only after I had waited in line to order.the worst taco bell in the country. ghetto bell is more like it.  the rudest employee and the sketches clientele.   horrible,  and do not order a on any delivery service its the worst... its embarrassing..This place is not safe. The ownership/Mangement obviously does not care at allI'm an essential worker during COVID-19.  Unfortunately I wasn't able to go to grocery store that day and just decided to get fast food after work since I get off in the AM.  Taco Bell was one of the few options. Their website says they will update all hours on their actual website.  Typically it is until 5AM is has been reduced to 3AM and is even 3AM on the drive through window so they were updated.  I pull up to the drive through and low and behold no one is answering the drive through at around 2:20 AM.  I drive to and window and still nothing.  I even left just in case they were busy doing something at the moment and then came back and still nothing.  Finally, a hook grabs the attention.  My order was placed online and payment was taken out of my Apple Pay.  He says they are fully closed, mind you they are not, and he doesn't even have a register to give a refund.  Frauds. I've been to this store many of times with no answer before COVID-19 and no hours change. This happens too often.  Need to be held accountable.This location always seems understaffed which makes picking up orders problematic and on a recent visit after much delay they were unable to prepare my order.. they actually wanted me to drive thru the drive thru a second time for them to get my online order together... Thankfully you can easily cancel your order thru the app!Ghetto, rudest workers who don't want to work. GET NEW EMPLOYEES PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!BEWARE VEGANS! I got served a 7-later burrito and it came with MEAT. I even told them TWICE No cheese and no meat and the lady sarcastically sneered "seven layer burrito doesn't come with meat". Oh yeah? Then what happened here?Longest wait. Incorrect order. Unprofessional and rude employees. Don't bother coming here.Poor service. Cashiers roll where eyes at you, not adequately stocked. Don't waste your time. Drive the few extra miles to go to the next one.I love me some Taco Bell, but this particular location straight up sucks.  Of course, the ONE Taco Bell they decide to put Uptown has to suck.  
My normal order is a combo 11: 3 Doritos Locos Tacos.  Always Fiery.  Always Supreme.  They never fail to charge me for Supreme, yet twice now they forget to put the sour cream and tomatoes on the tacos.  The first time was Mardi Gras Day.  Of course the restaurant was a clusterfuck, so I tried to be very patient and understanding.  After waiting for over 20 minutes, I noticed that people who ordered after me already had their food.  I mentioned something to the cashier/manager, and she went back to ask them about it; it was obvious they had forgotten/skipped my order.  After I finally got the tacos, they were not Supreme as I had ordered.  I went back to the register and the same manager said, "I didn't charge you for Supreme."  I then had to dig up the receipt and point out that she did, in fact, charge me for Supreme.  With a MAJOR attitude, she took the tacos back and added sour cream and tomatoes to them.  
This place seems to run like all the other fast food joints in NOLA: terribly.