I don't know how I lucked out with having this taqueria in our neighborhood, but this is the best Mexican food you'll get in New Orleans.
We discovered Taqueria Guerrero after finding that burrito joint down the street was packed, had a line wrapping around the buidling (you know which one!).
After finding street parking near the mattress store, we plopped down and ordered the 3-taco plate (al pastor, mmmm) with beans and rice on the side and a burrito (barbocoa). I am a creature of habit and order the same tacos, but the bf has ventured out to get other dishes such as the fajita plate or the really spicy shrimp (camarones del diablo?). All very tasty.
The rest is history. It's embarrassing how often I suggest this place when we want to go out/get take out.Taqueria Guerrero has amazing burritos! The chicken is very tender and the burrito has a perfect mix of rice, beans, fresh cilantro, onion, and cheese. They have this green jalapeno salsa that keeps me coming back! The salsa is great on the chips and perfect on the burrito. When I lived in mid-city, this was a weekly or bi-weekly meal. 
Though I haven't ventured away from this amazing chicken burrito, all of the people I have taken to the Taqueria have tried various things and thoroughly enjoyed their meals.
This is one of my favorite places in town!This restaurant is one of NewOrleans best kept secrets!  Very authentic & fresh. Service is prompt, menu questions clearly explained , portions are generous.  Very reasonably priced.  Great for families also. No bar , but a large variety of sodas as well as ice cream in a store type freezer with sliding glass top . I felt as if I was visiting Mexico again. Highly recommend this restaurant.  I didn't ask if it is a byo place.My favorite Latin place in town! Favorites: Papusas, flan, green salsa on the table, chicken tacos, napales tacos, chorizo tacos, enchiladas, and the chimichanga is huge. Great burritos and aguas frescos too! Super fast and inexpensive!Decided to try the Mexican restaurant based on reviews from yelp.  It is a small restaurant that is what I call a hole-in-wall.  The chip and salsa was very good, (need to ask for a bowl of salsa)  I had the fajitas and the were good, but not great.   Service was good and people were nice and helpful.  From out of town (calif) and would come againAwesome pastor tacos and tamales !! I just wasn't a fan of all that raw onion they put on top of the tacos !The most authentic Mexican restaurant that I have been to in New Orleans. Excellent food and good service. The highlight for me was the green salsa which is the best I have ever had.Amazing tacos. Chimichanga. Menudo. Green sauce. Everything was so delish!!! And horchata so good!This is the best burrito in New Orleans. The ambiance is funny -- they have a big flat-screen TV that has a glimmering image of a waterfall on their lime-green wall -- but for me, that adds to the appeal. While they don't serve alcohol, they do make a mean horchata, which I recommend. I get the vegetarian burrito without cheese or sour cream and always leave feeling like it was the most spectacular burrito I've had on the dirty coast.This is a very authentic Mexican and not Tex-Mex restaurant.  With that being said the majority of the stuff is the same old tired Mexican theme of things wrapped in tortillas.  They have decent tacos and have the great authentic Mexican spicy green sauce that burns so hot and tingly.  They do have some sandwiches and other assorted items not found in the typical NOLA Mexican place.  The area where this restaurant shines is in its selection of soups.  They have a large selection of many types of soups and stews that you just won't easily find anywhere else in the area.  The caldo de pollo (they recently have cut back on making this) and caldo de camarones are two of my favorites here but they also offer lots of other meats and different combinations.  The prices are generally a decent value and they have a large selection of Mexican beverages (but no booze).  A decent stop for a quick meal before heading next door to Brocato's for a bit of dessert.My highest compliments. 
I am from California, where amazing mexican food is rampant... This is the first mexican restaurant Ive been to outside of the bordering states that had really good, traditional food. I had the most SPECTACULAR cactus burrito... Their menu is large, their salsas are hot and flavorful, and the prices are awesome! Keep it up, you have a fan for life!This place beats, Felipe's, superior grill, Juan's and panchita's; hands down. Their food is great and they have this great jalapeño sauce that is so awesome on everything. 
I love their chimichangas. They are huge and filed with so much flavor, I just love them. They are not Tex-mex. They are petty authentic in their cooking style. 
My friends have had the enchiladas and wouldn't share, because they were so good. 
Parking is difficult at times, but worth it to drive around, looking for a spot.  Also, Angelo Brocato's is right next door for desert.Authentic food that is often hard to find. Staff is friendly. This is my go to place in the city.Not as good as I remember. The first time I went it was phenomenal. I went again and got the same thing to-go. Wasn't as flavorful and the sauce was something I'm allergic too. I didn't know that sauce came with it. Nevertheless, I may be willing to try again. We'll see.I live quite close to this place and tried it for the first time a few days ago when the roomie brought home some chicken fajitas for me. The veggies tasted fresh and tender-crisp and the chicken was well-seasoned. They were served with corn tortillas which I'm usually not a huge fan of but these were soft, warm, and delicious. The rice that was served with the fajitas was a little bland and the beans were so-so. It's a place i'd definitely return to again for some yummy mostly-authentic Mexican food.Was on the way to one of my fave Pho spots in New Orleans when I saw this Mexican restaurant across the street. 
Was a bit hesitant at first since I hadn't heard about it before, but I love Mexican food, especially authentic, so I gave it a shot.
A sexy mamacita in a Mexico soccer jersey, with two gold fronts served me some camarones a la diabla with a sweet smile. Felt like home. I think she purposefully added extra food to my plate...everyone else's plate didn't seem to hold that much food. If you're reading this, thank you mami.
 I ordered a steak taco as an appetizer since I always try the tacos at every Mexican restaurant I go to.. Although it was quite delicious, and hit the spot before the main course, I wish I didn't, because like I said, their serving sizes are huge. 
The triple threat would be going here, them hitting up Wit's Inn for a Wit maker, then back across the street to Angelo Brocato's for ice cream. 
I only gave this place 4 stars because if I could have gotten a margarita after my dinner, it would have been a 5 star experience, but unfortunately they don't serve alcohol.Everything is really good. I heartily recommend the Baleadas, Tortas, and Tamales! Good fresh flavors.Love his place food and family who runs it. So nice and know exactly what we are Getting each time. Weekend seafood soup. Soooo goodExcellent food, friendly service. I always get chicken enchiladas with mole, but tacos al pastor is next on my list. They have delicious aguas frescas, but it is BYOB.Juan's Flying Burrito was packed out with hipsters and we were not in the mood to wait, so we decided to give this place a try instead.  Really not impressed by any aspect of it.  Our tabletop was sticky with who knows what.  The wait person never once offered to refill our drinks even though the restaurant was practically empty.  
Also, vegetarians beware: As far as I could tell, nothing on the menu is truly vegetarian.  I settled on a cheese quesadilla, which turned out to be really bland.  None of this is surprising for an authentic Mexican restaurant, which is what Taqueria Guerrero appears to be.Wow. I was stunned by this place. The food was VERY good, but more over, the portions were huge, and the food was cheap. It is just a few blocks from my office, and I am going to need to try very hard not to eat here too much. The pupusa were delectably filled with a wonder cheese meaty mixture, and the creamy salsa with the chips was a real treat, but the Torta was the real stunner. I highly recommend this place.Solid food. Hefty portions. Reasonably priced. And the atmosphere? Just like the real cheap places of Mexico, lol.
Overall, a great place to eat and chill. If you like soccer, they running it 24-7. Too bad they don't like basketball mas. Peace.Ok...not for me though. A lot of Hispanic clientele so possibly more authentic then I'm use to.First time here and the service and food was great. I enjoyed every bite and will be bringing my friends next timeHad dinner here recently. Had the Tamale's and pupusas. Both were excellent. To date this is by far the best authentic mexican food in New Orleans. Good service. Prices are good. Dont be scared off by the decor. The food is great. You should enjoy your dining experience here if in the mood for mexican food.Above average mexican food, yes actual mexican food not tex-mex.  While they are lacking in certain things decor, alcohol license to name a few. I have eaten here twice and its been solid, much better than Juan's down the street.  I have had the al pastor tacos and they were great, as was the chimichunga(sp?), yes I know those are typical tex-mex dishes but wanted to play it safe the first couple of times.  My friend got a dish with eggs, tortillas, cheese, and shredded pork that was amazing.  All in all pretty good, but I'd get the food to go unless you like Univision soaps on the big screen and red checkered table cloths.Outstanding service, and amazing food! There are a lot of vegetarian options, and their horchata is on point! I enjoyed their music and decor. It all made me feel like I was in Mexico for a minute :)Chicken fajitas were flavorless; the shrimp diablo, on the other hand, was overwhelmingly spicy to the point of being unable to taste anything else. Price was low at least... But not worth it.If you're a taco fiend like myself accompanied with being a Mid City hermit, this place has got you covered.  Don't just limit yourself to the tacos only. I've been here many times over the years and they've failed to disappoint each time.
I've had numerous dishes all worth mentioning, however my most memorable were the cheese pupusas, the toastadas,  the chicken fajita plate, the chicken tacos and chorizo tacos.  Basically, if you're looking for authentic Mexican for ridiculously fair prices, this is your spot.
All of the workers are extremely nice, the guy who usually works the register (at least each time I've gone) is one cool dude. English certainly isn't his first language, but he knows enough to communicate and crack a joke or two.
I highly doubt you'd leave this place unhappy. This spot is yet another perk of being a Mid City trooper, and places seem to keep popping up all around us!Seriously best pupusas I've ever had!! Super thick. The carne asada tacos were well seasoned & tasted excellent even more amazing no fat! Will definitely be returning!I really wanted to go back to this place and try the flautas before reviewing, but Yelp sends me an email every day about this draft, so this review is happening now.  
I stopped in here, after a day of shopping, because I had heard a lot of good things about this place. Now, don't go in here expecting anything fancy. This is pretty much as "no frills" as it gets. You walk in and you are told to sit anywhere and they have a window, if you are placing a "to go" order.
I decided to go with the "torta", which is a Mexican sandwich with meat and cheese. It was really good, but I found the bun to be a tad greasy. I've never had a torta before, so I don't know if this is the norm. It wasn't really a big deal. The sandwich was HUGE and I was able to split it into two meals.
This is a great place if you want a fast, no nonsense lunch. I really want to go back and try the flautas, as that's how I like to truly judge a Mexican restaurant.The only place I've found to get good Mexican food in NOLA. Very reasonably priced too.I love everything I've ever had on the menu.  The only thing I'm sad about is no booze and the complementary chips are never warm or very appetizing for that matter.  But the food you pay for is amazing! Especially the Chimichanga, tacos, burritos and enchiladas!!!!Great place for the real deal Mexican food. There is no alcohol but you can go next door and purchase it at the local bar.  The food is very very good. I had the first real chile relleno I have had in New Orleans.  If you are in the Mid City area you must stop in.  It is very casual.I had the Mexican tostadas and rice and beans and the food was very good!! I had the chicken on the tostados and it was good. Definietly better than the meal I previously had at this restaurant. I will probably come back!So in my never ending quest of finding good Tex-Mex I ended up here, very close to the house. I had high hopes. I had trekked all up and down NOLA...this town has amazing food of every variety EXCEPT for Mexican food.
We walk in. Everything's going okay. We sit down. It's a Friday night and I'm excited with anticipation for the margarita I have yet to order.
I order my margarita and it sounded like the waitress said they only serve beer. The hell I say to myself! But I can go to the bar next door, order a rita, and bring it in (thank you New Orleans!). This is what I do. Once I've returned my husband orders a beer. They don't serve beer.
They don't serve any alcohol at all?!?!??
Already 2 stars off I think to myself but let's move on.
The waitress brings chips and salsa (red and green!) without us asking and I'm considering putting back a star for the green sauce.
We ordered beef fajitas and got mixed, but whatever. We also ordered queso and that was just okay, it could have been warmer.
The fajitas were very good. They came with beans, rice, lettuce, green peppers, and onions. They only came with 3 very small tortillas though and we had to order another 3.
When we got the bill we saw that they had charged us for the salsa that we never ordered and the extra tortillas.
Although the food was good, the lack of alcohol and charging us for something we didn't order rubbed us the wrong way. We will not be back here.This Mexican restaurant has great food and service. 
Food is great. You get a good meal for what you pay for. Food is well cooked and has a great mix of flavors. One favorite here is the green spicy sauce. Green sauce is a spicy sauce that has flavor and isn't just pure spice. A great option for an entree (especially for a family) is the Parillada mixta. This dish is an assortment of meat and peppers served with corn tortillas and beans and rice. Beans and rice tastes good and goes well with the meat. Meat is nicely cooked and is very tasty. The dish has beat, chicken, and sausage (my favorite part of the dish). You can eat the meat with the tortillas or bye itself. Great food. 
The servers are very friendly and will do just about anything for you to have a good experience. No matter what server you get you will have a great time. 
This restaurant is a great choice for groups of two or greater. Great food and great service. I would definitely go hear if I were you.This is one of the better Mexican joints in all of NEw Orleans.  Simple,  friendly good food and you get a lot.  The real thing and no lame gimmicks you see at other places with this trend of gringo-taco fusion nonsense.  This is simple tex-mex with some VERY authentic Mexican dishes like Camarones a la ajillos  (garlic shrimp) and I get one plate for me and my wife and we are full.  Thank goodness there is a place like this still in mid-city!  If you don't want real Mexican food...that you will not like this place.Y'all, this is the most legit mexican food you'll get in NOLA and for a good price! I grew up in Phoenix with a Mexican momma and I have been searching for authentic food.  This is as close as it gets down here!  The tacos are bomb, the flautas are great, mole is decent, POZOLE IS TO DIE FOR ON THURSDAYS!  Really affordable and the most legit mex food around.  I always get the Jamaica with my order, but you can also BYOB for no extra fee. Service is great, place is clean. Some tasty nieve up at the front.  I really can't complain.  Get the barbacoa or even the chorizo for some extra good food.Salut Team Taqueria Guerrero. Menudo on Sundays and Chicarrones Gordita are faves. Loveliest staff.I got Pinworms twice eating here.  They have to start using gloves when handling fresh uncooked food!The tacos. The tamales. Me gusta.
First, the restaurant is a taqueria. So, it apparently specializes in tacos.
That it does. We tried the pork, chicken, and steak tacos. I recommend them in that order. The pork is some of the best anywhere. Chicken is also fantatic. The steak isn't bad, but it's nothing special. You can get steak tacos like that elsewhere. So I'd stick with the pork and chicken.
Me. I love tamales. But usually the tamales at a restaurant don't stack up to the kind you can make at home. But that's not true here. I loved their tamales. And they were chicken. I don't prefer chicken tamales even when I make them myself. You just can't get the taste as flavorful as with pork. But they do somehow make it work, in an awesome way. 
In the end, I got six really excellent tacos and two tamales to share among my family of four. With drinks, it came out to thirty dollars. Not bad for a flavor fiesta!As a transplant from Phoenix, Arizona, I'm used to some of the very best Mexican food in the US.  I wasn't expecting to find this level of authenticity here in New Orleans. Until I walked into this place. Authentic as it gets and delicious.  It's nice to have an alternative to chain "mexican" food restaurants here in NOLA, and the price is right.  Just a short street car ride down Canal from the French Quarter to mid city, Taqueria Guerrero is more than worth the effort.Great food and quick service.
My menudo with Sangria hit the spot and cured my Cruda.
Menudo was a little plain, but served hot.
Serving sizes were great.
People in my group ordered breakfast plates, which looked amazing.
Will be coming back anytime I'm in town againAuthentic Mexican food, reminds me of the border town taquerias I've been to in Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.  Nothing fancy, just fresh, well-prepared and inexpensive.  Great value!  This place focuses on food, and not the tarted-up Kitchy decor that many Mexican places do.  Thiis place is authentic, not a suburban/corporate interpretation.  They have had Spanish-language soccer (fur all) on the television every time I have been here.  This is one of my go-to lunch places!what a treat! Great traditional Mexican in Mid-City that's really affordable.  Lengua tacos, and the enchiladas with salsa verde are fantastic. Might be best in the city.One of the best places for Mexican food in New Orleans. They may not have any taco tuesday specials but it's okay because their food is way better than the restaurants that have to use those deals to lure customers in. Definitely come here - you won't be disappointed!I love this place.
Try their tacos and pupusas (the half pork, half cheese). The tacos are three to an order. I've had them on a few different occasions. I like the chicken, beef and pork.  Great taste and fresh. Much better than the rum house I had the night before where the tortillas were crunchy and the meat sucked.
The pupusas are awesome. They taste great, would come anytime for these. My husband tried the chile relleno and enjoyed.
Got the melon drink, taste like cantaloupe. Recommend.Finally, great Mexican food in New Orleans. 
I'm from the west, where places like this are everywhere: modest, cheap, borderline hole-in-the-wall with outstanding food and great service. The food is so simple and good that we end up eating there a couple times a week. 
Some favorites:
The chicken tacos are deceptively simple. I don't know what they do to the chicken to make it so juicy and delicious, but I don't really care, as long as they keep doing it. 
The baleada is my new favorite hangover food--a fat homemade tortilla with egg, guac, sour cream, beans, and (if you want) meat. Again, it's simple, but it's incredibly good. The pupusas are indulgent and delicious. 
I wish they served beer, and the lack of that makes this more a lunch than a dinner place for me. 
Felipe's is opening down the block in the new chain-riddled shopping center on Carrolton, and I hope that the community will rally to keep this taqueria in business. They are the real deal and we're lucky to have them in our neighborhood!Delicious authentic Mexican food. Friendly, attentive service. I had shrimp tacos (shrimp, onion, cilantro, lime). My partner got the sopa de res and the broth was incredible. Highly recommend this spot!This place serves up some pretty authentic Mexican food at pretty authentic Mexican portions and prices. You usually don't end up finishing the meal, but feel free to binge on Mexican cokes, jarritos or horchata in front of the soccer game that's always on tv while you wait for your second wind. Also, it's way better than Juan's.Not the best one I've been too, but the closest I could find that reminds me of Texas. They have the essentials....Topo Chico, Valentina, and Yucateca.This may be the best Mexican food you'll find in New Orleans. I'm not a fan of the typical "TexMex" that can be found everywhere. I like stripped down, simple, standard Mexican fare. This place hits the mark. It's a family place and these are their original recipes from Guerrero Mexico. We've eaten there twice this week. The house-made tamales are fantastic. But, today, the tostada that I had was amazing... AH mazing.
I highly recommend Taqueria Guerrero- unless you're looking for a bland margarita-filled, hey macarena experience. In which case, I'm sure there's a Chili's open somewhere.Best Mexican in New Orleans. No Rex-mex crap. In apologetically authentic. Delicious every time. Six years eating here and have yet to find a bad dish. Tonight we spent $25 for a platter of sizzling peppers and onions with copious amounts of steak, chicken, chorizo, and shrimp grilled to perfection. It came complete with two plates  of beans, rice tomato lettuce and a large avocado slice. After ratings there was at least half left. I love this place!!! Glad I live on Carrollton in Mid-City!!!!Let me preface this review with the following two bits of important info:  I am a vegetarian and I come from the land of embarrassing riches of Mexican food, aka California.  That being said here goes:
The place had potential and I really wanted to like it but just couldn't.  Typical taqueria setting looked inviting but the food was a let down.  Both of the salsas (the red and the green) were very disappointing and this is how I judge a Mexican restaurant.  The green hot sauce in the bottle tasted better.  I had a quesadilla and it was really nothing special.  The rice was cooked with chicken broth so they were out  but the beans were lard free and tasted ok once I put said sauce in them.  My options were very limited there (and no salsa verde for enchiladas?  That is usually veg but their red sauce wasn't) and I'm sure if I were a carnivore I'd like this place more.  I'll keep exploring until I find something that I like.  If anyone has any suggestions please share them.It was goooooooooood. Aw man. I'm so glad I checked this placed out. We were on lunch break from school and I was craving a burrito from Felipe's, had I not looked on Yelp, I would've never discovered this place. The guy at the counter was very very nice, almost to where I wasn't sure if he was forcing it or not but whatevs! 
So I know I was craving a burrito, but i saw on Yelp that they served the kind of tacos this food truck down by my house in East had, and those are my favorites. I ordered the Carnita (pork) Taco (made with only onions and cilantro). My friend ordered the chicken burrito (made with rice and cheese, no beans). It took 5-10 mins. First bite I took from my taco.. Omg It was amazing! Drizzled with like and this sauce.. It was perfect! They packed this sauce, which I'm assuming, is guacamole blended with jalapeños. It's amazing! Not too spicy either for someone who can't handle too much spicyness. It was sooooo good. They hook up the meat too. My friend took a couple bites of my tacos and ended up liking it better than his burrito. I, however, liked his burrito. It was really good. Chicken wasn't dry it was tender, aw man. So goood . They were fast too. We just wanted to do to go bc we had class in 30 mins. Its a little pricey, I feel, for their food but whatever. It's good!Zero complaints! Well, maybe more breakfast Taco options would be great. But my tacos of molido, pastor, and lengua were wonderful. The place was spotless and the servers were friendly.The BEST Mexican I've ever had in my life!!! The sauce they bring with the salsa is amazing. This is authentic Mexiacan food and I HIGHLY recommend this place!!!Definitvely the best Mexican in New Orleans. I pretty much end up eating here everytime I'm in Midcity, despite a cornucopia of surrounding restaraunts. Shit, there's even another Mexican place next door, but I've never once been tempted to try it. This place has all the hallmarks of great Mexican, that weird laminated half spanish menu, staff that only sort of speak English, servers who's kids are in the restaraunt with them and horchata served from giant blue plastic pitchers. The obligatory tortilla chips, which some evil genius convinced all mexican places to serve for free, come with a lagniappe green salsa that will make you want to renounce your citzenship and move to Mexico. As if that wasn't enough, for some unknowable reason, they've invested in a giant flashing LED sign, which advertises their restaraunt (albeit with several spelling mistakes) inside the restaraunt. Fucking love these guys.
Also, a great spot for vegetarians. The cactus tacos, which come three to an order, are delicious. The veggie torta is one of the best I've ever had. And they have fucking pupusas!
Anyone who dosen't love this place should be banished to taco bell for eternity.Food was amazing - high end "taco truck" type tacos, and they were some of the best tostadas I've had. 
Location could be a little more pleasing to the eye, and they don't have fountain drinks.
My biggest complaint was it wasn't the best bang for the buck, portions wise.A nice low key place, with quick service.Out of all the Mexican restaurants here in the NOLA metro area this is as close to Authentic Mexican cuisine that you can get here. The biggest reason I stopped here was because it is within walking distance of where I live.
The service was really good. The friendly Latina waitress I had was really nice and incredibly helpful. She told me to sit where ever I like, I chose to sit next to the window
The food I ordered was the pollo (chicken) fajitas plate and coca cola to drink. I also received free salsa and chips with my order which is very normal in a mexican restaurant. First off the salsa and chips were excellent! The fajita plate came with spanish rice, refried beans, lettuce and tomato, the grilled onions, grilled bell peppers, grilled chicken and flour tortillas. The fajita plate was very good and so was the salsa and chips! I haven't had good mexican food like this since I was in Texas.
One of the things I liked about this place was the fact that I received generous portions of food. Like enough to feed 2 people! The price was very good to it was only $9.99 for the fajita plate.So yes I will definitely be going back here and trying more food here. This place is a hundred times better than that crappy Juan's flying burrito down the street!!!
In short good service, good food and the best Mexican restaurant in the Mid City area!Authentic as it's gets in NOLA.. I had a great steak burrito and it came with really god crema!  Bottled sodas too!If you're looking for good Tex-Mex in NOLA, this Guerrero's is the place to go! Food is prepared fresh with all the sides that you'd expect from abuelita!I've been experimenting with Mexican places in New Orleans. Besides here I've tried Juan's, Panchita's, Felipe's, Superior Grill, and Casa Borrega,  And this place is by far the best that I've come across.
You can't go wrong. But pork tacos are SO good and so is shredded beef enchiladas.
Edit on 10/5/17
Their chicharron pork tacos are just as good as any chicharron you can find in Mexico City. I was there with a local.Some of the best pupusas and tamales in New Orleans!  I've been maybe seven times and have not had a bad meal or bad services.  Prices are good too!
They appear to get your beer from the bar next door but this is more amusing than a hassle.Oh Taqueria Guerrero. Where do I begin. I really want to love this place. They are the only place in New Orleans that offers nopales, one of my favorite things. Their food is tasty. They have delicious agua fresca. All of these things sound like the makings of a 5 star delicious taqueria in New Orleans. 
Alas, they have one downfall. They are sloppy. They mess up orders. They forget things. They have run out of chips 2 of the last times I have bee there. How does a Mexican restaurant run out of chips? There is a grocery store RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET. It's not like tortilla chips are specialty items that can only be ordered from certain purveyors. They are tortilla chips. Rouses sells probably 25 different brands of them. It's not that difficult,
I'll probably return because I'm a masochist and enjoy torturing myself, but I really hope they can get the service/inventory issues sorted out and get the 5 stars they deserve. 
Or I could just start ordering to-go and bringing my own damn chips.Best Mexican food in the city hands down. Don't mess around with overpriced Mexi-fusion joints.I love this place! They play good music, the staff are sweet and friendly and the food is great.  The mixed pupusas are great. If you haven't tried them and are feeling like trying something besides tacos, order the pupusas. Service is quick. I love supporting local businesses like this.This one has been on the block pre-Katrina before the city had so many of these options. It is the real deal. Feels like any eatery in any town in Mexico or Central America. Food can be hit or miss. My last visit wasn't as memorable as past trips. The green salsa is and was as good as it gets. I could drink the stuff.The only Mexican(Central American) food in the New Orleans. Great price, free chips for table, BYOB.New Orleans is kind of lacking good Mexican food (boohoo, right? ;). I'm from the southwest so I know I'm picky, but Guerrero is by far the best Mexican I've had in New Orleans proper. The pozole on Thursday nights is fire. Everyone who works there is very nice and food comes out crazy fast, just in case you fly into hunger-rages like I do.I just wasn't really impressed.  I left feeling like if you don't speak spanish you can't really order food here and get what you've actually ordered.  I ordered tacos with no cilantro and was brought a plate of tiny tortillas with some meat on them.  And literally nothing else.  This was also really expensive for how little food you get.Great authentic Mexican food in New Orleans. Open early and the huevos rancheros are a must get. Generous portions and every meal comes with chips and salsa. Great service can't go wrong here. 5 stars.I've been looking for a good authentic Mexican restaurant and was very pleased with Guerreros. I had the pupusas (I know, not quite authentic Mexican)
But they were delicious and pretty inexpensive. My friend ordered the shrimp cocktail which was delicious as well, a little sweet though, like they used a lot of orange juice, but I enjoyed it. Good service, good chips and two kinds of homemade salsa! With free refills :) I really wanted to try the posole which is only served on Thursdays so I will have to return later in the week!impromptu brunch the day after Mardi Gras. we were HANGRY! Stopped by here because we wanted some type of Mexican food with eggs. Yah. Random. So we popped in and ohhh the food was SO DELICIOUS!
I had juevos rancheros - it was amazing! The only con was that I felt like the eggs were a little too salty. Other than that, it was great. And even better - it was NOT cooked with black beans (i do not like black beans). Ohh, delicious and lots of leftovers for a snack. 
My partner in crime had steak fajitas, and he loved his as well. I tasted, and I verify - It was. OMG GOOD. I will be back. thank you for being so wonderful!I don't think tacos get enough attention in this city. I mean, I understand we're all "po'boy and gumbo" but c'mon! After venturing out on a vacation to Seattle recently and having some life changing tacos (Tacos Chukis hayyy!) I needed a local taco spot to handle my newfound cravings. I tried two other popular spots but I left disappointed every time.  As a recent mid city transplant and avid yelper I discovered this little gem. My first time I decided to order the carnitas and the al pastor. Just looking at them I knew it would be good. Double tortilla'd, plenty of onion and cilantro, smell permeating the to go box? Check, check and check. So much flavor, just the right amount of spice and the spicy sauce they give on the side is so amazing. This is the best relationship i've ever had. I eat here at least twice a week. Go here and let Jesus hook you up. You get three tacos for about $7 and some change. I always get mine with guac which brings it to about $8.65. I also love that you can mix up your meat options and honestly you can't go wrong. Even the chicken is spectacular.Best Mexican food in the city for the best price. The staff is super friendly as well!Very authentic, very delicious, very inexpensive. Had the chimichanga with chorizo and finished the whole thing. Every dish I saw looked amazing and everyone there looked very happy with their decisionsI just moved here from South Philly and the thing that gives me the most woes is the lack of quality, international cuisine in this town. And usually, when you do find something not cajun or creole worth eating, it costs twice as much as it's worth. 
So Guerrero gets all 5 stars for having delicious, authentic food AND reasonable prices. I almost felt like I was back in Philly eating simple, cheap tacos in a plain and comfortable atmosphere. The wait staff is super friendly and everything I've had was delicious. I'm more of a meat taco kind of girl, but my boyfriend used to live in Mexico and says the mole is amazing.