I've picked up from Taqueria Corona about 3 times now.  It's our go-to spot for take out Mexican.  Admittedly, we haven't found a lot of good Mexican restaurants in Uptown.  Go figure.  
We order mostly the fish tacos which are respectable.  In fact, it's the only taco that we have liked from Taqueria Corona.  The carne asada is pretty pathetic.  The tortilla is decent, so they are halfway there.  But the meat is dry and not well seasoned.  So the saving grace of TC is their fish tacos.  My cousin who recommended the place told me not to waste my time with anything but the fish tacos.  He's an idiot, so of course I ordered other stuff.  Turns out he is a genius.  Only the fish tacos are good. And they are just good, not killer.  They have a respectable few thick pieces of unknown fish lightly battered and served under a spicy tarter sauce.  I'd rate them a 3.5/5.  
The people are nice and food is reasonably priced.  Stick with the fish tacos and you should have a very decent meal.My favorite Mexican restaurant in the city! The guacamole is excellent. The Metairie location is just as great!I live around the corner and haven't taken enough advantage! Taqueria Corona is a super cute and cozy restaurant. There aren't many places like this on Magazine, where you feel like you're eating dinner at home. They have an open kitchen and you can eat at the bar and watch the food being made. 
Get the guacamole to start. Simple and delicious. Chips are thin and crunchy, just the way I like it! I usually get the tacos. Fried fish tacos are my favorite! Not tiny either, two pieces of fish, great flavor. Two tacos easily fill me up. The burritos are MASSIVE. I'm pretty sure anyone who finishes one will be stuffed. Easily shared or taken home for left overs. I tried the tostada for the first time the other day. I really liked it. I love the crunch of the hard shell. The beans and sauce provided enough flavor and juiciness without making the tostada soggy. Don't forget to ask for the hot sauces! They'll bring you a rack of three to choose from. I've enjoyed everything I've had here, including the margaritas. Portions are generous in size and it's super affordable. I'll definitely be coming back!The food is super tasty -- one of my favorite mexican places in the area.  Service can be slow at time, but it's definitely yummy.Garbage. They microwave the food, have store bought guacamole, and over-cheese everything they put in front of you. I did get hammered and manage to put down a few tequila shots and 6 beers. Took em way too long to bring me my cool crispy pops though.this was one of those places where you expect good & cheap mexican food. what you get instead is bland & expensive. the waiter never refilled our drinks. chips & salsa are NOT on the house. this place is so not worth it!Recently moved to the city and was in desperate need of a good Mexican restaurant and boy have I found it in this place! The service is wonderful with such a friendly waitstaff. Food is outstanding!! And the carne asada tacos are out of this world. I have only lived here for a month and I've already visited three times! Just a great meal every time I go!Mmm....tacos. This place does the trick if you need a fix :)Love the ceviche, only served on Fridays and Saturdays.   It is crazy good and I really want to turn the bowl up and drink every last drop of this deliciousness, but my mother taught me manners Southern style, so I must be satisfied with all that I can get on my spoon!     It is usually served in a parfait type glass dish with little chucks of avocado and lime quarters on top, so it is not only tasty but pretty.    Wish I had some right now!      The fish tacos used to be my favorite and if it is not Friday or Saturday, that's usually what I order.   There is a sign up that says Best Fish Tacos and I believe that theirs is probably in the top 3 in New Orleans.   I think the chips and pico should be complimentary, but they are not.   And if pico is gone before your chips, you will have to pay for extra.       Oh, and the margaritas are pretty good too.   All in all, our most favorite neighborhood restaurant.Let me start by stating that I LOVE Mexican food! I really LOVE it! And Taqueria Corona is up there with some of the best I have had around town. 
Their Margarita's are very strong and very good! We usually order a pitcher and split it. They also have really fresh pico de gallo. 
For your main course there are three things that I love. In order of how much I love them; Chicken Taco Pizza, California Burrito, and Fish Tacos. All of them are very tasty and make your belly happy, but all are great for different reasons. If you love, I mean really love cheese (and I do!) get the pizza. I think there is enough cheese on it to fill a bucket. And they throw some beans and chicken in there somewhere and melt it all together. YUM! If you are extremely hungry, try the California burrito, it really is the size of California. I have only been able to finish it once. And if you are in the mood for something less filling and more healthy (I didn't say healthy, just more healthy) order a pair of the fish tacos. The red cabbage topping is really good! 
Oh and the toilets in the bathroom sit up on thrones! Very funny!This is the original of the TC's and my least favorite. As much as I like the little hole in the wall homey feel, parking is usually pretty tough in the area, and there is frequently a long wait for a table. The food is great (as with any TC), but I'd suggest one of the other locations over this one.Not worth it. The guacamole was discolored from being exposed to air. This doesn't change the taste, but seriously, how hard is it to cover it up in the fridge or put it in an airtight plastic container? Come on.
I'm spoiled being from San Francisco, but the California burrito was nothing of the sort. It was far, far too wet, and not tightly rolled enough. The meat was bland and tasteless.
The people were nice, and the service was good (even though they were watching a world cup match) but the food is just bland.Lousy Mexican food. Try Casa Borrega instead.I really like this place.  Some people tell me the don't, but I don't understand why not.  I used to live next door to Mexico (yes, next to the fence) and this food is TJ (Tijuana) style.  It's very good, authentic food and at a great price.  I will definitely keep coming back!Providing basically edible but in no way either good or Mexican food, this place seems to thrive only on account of margaritas and a clientele that isn't paying much attention to the multiple embarrassments clearly visible in its kitchen.  It's a cuisine I'd really call Gringo-Mex, prepared with a palpable lack of care or freshness. For instance, although the menu loudly and implausibly assures you the tacos are "just like in Mexico," their tortillas come straight out of a bag, and the burritos are similarly wrapped in a stiff, dry, stale industrially produced flour tortilla.  Orders involving any substitution or omissions seem to need to be sent back more often than not.  
And what's worse, many orders come straight out of the microwave ovens (at least 3 are clearly visible and constantly in use in the kitchen, so you can watch from your seat at the bar if you feel like having your taste insulted).  Or I should say insulted again, after being charged three or four bucks for chips from a bag and "pico de gallo" that weirdly seems like it might be cooked or from a jar.  And indeed, the total lack of care in the food here is palpable in every airport-Chipotle-quality bite.
I can't fathom how this place has so many good reviews. It makes Panchita's or Macarena look like good restaurants, and that's not easy to do.I've only ever been here for weekend lunch. While the food is not terrible, it just doesn't jump out at you. I usually go for a combo plate with a taco, burrito, and flauta (numero uno). I like their shredded chicken better than their mushy ground beef. Maybe next time I go, I'll check out these burritos I've been reading about.
Service is slow, although they are very nice, and prices are slightly high. However, you do get a lot of food. I do love the feel inside, as it is very festive.The tacos here is where its at! I had the tongue, the rib eye, and the fish taco and they were all phenomenal, and pretty big! The flavor in the meats was amazing and the tortilla wasn't too heavy, and kept all the saucyness at bay. Service was very polite
Guac isn't very good though,that'd be my only complaint. And that they refill their table salsa jars with store bought stuff, instead of homemade. But the tacos are so good you really don't need the table sauces, cause the Pico is delicious! 
Really good prices too, around $3.5-$4 for each taco,and they are good filling size!I have been going to Taqueria for years. They have numerous dishes I enjoy. The food is good and, moreover, the price is right. In addition, the location is great and everyone who works there is really nice. I'd suggest all locals check it out! Admittedly, the chips aren't free. Normally that would annoy me, but their pico de gallo is so good that I give it a pass.I wasn't thrilled with the rather unfriendly (non-friendly is probably a better word) waiter, but the place looks nice, inside. The beef taco salad was excellent and for $6.59, not a bad deal, considering it has about the same amount of food in it, but is half the price of the entrees. I think the main thing that irks people about Taqueria Corona is the fact that they offer no lunch specials and charge extra for chips & salsa, whereas most others give that for free. RJTIt's awesome. One of the hidden gems on Magazine Street, Taqueria Corona serves some of the best Mexican food I've had in my life. I mentioned this to a friend from California, and his initial reaction was that you can't get good Mexican outside of California. I twisted his arm into going a couple weeks ago, and he promptly changed his mind. The thing I like the best about this place is the owner (or the man who I assume is the owner). He's always there. Always positive. Always friendly. He's got one of the most inviting personalities I've ever met. I just want to hang out with him. The other thing that impresses me is that even on cInco de mayo, they get orders out fast. Additionally, they have an open kitchen and they hussle. Open kitchens are always a bonus. The burritos and tacos are excellent, as are the pitchers of margaritas. Skip Felipe's and give Taqueria Corona a try.Solid authentic Mexican food. Their guacamole is very good - has to be made fresh there. Salsa for the chips is also fresh but more like pico - not much kick. Excellent tacos - of all sorts. We did a sampler; shrimp, fish, pork, americano, carne. All were very good. Avoid the Mexican pizza unless you like a gelatinous mass of melted cheese (I don't). Margaritas are wonderful - if your table is having more than three, go with the pitcher. Sangria is also tasty. Kids had flan for dessert; it was just "okay".One of my favorite Mexican restaurants.  Well-prepared grilled meats and veggies.  Really tart, refreshing Margaritas.  Serving staff is friendly and helpful.  Friendly dining atmosphere with nearly all locals and ew tourists.  Tight timeframes for being open make it necessary to be lucky or plan ahead, especially around lunchtime.  Friendly atmosphere and a standout for welcoming children. A pleasant, relaxed place to be, with a slightly exotic feel of a Central American resort.  The sauces are flavorful, not the sweet glop found in chains.Service isn't the fastest, but the deliciousness of the tacos makes up for it.  The fish taco was quite possibly the best I've ever had.  My boyfriend is in love with the steak taco.  Affordable, quality food.  Can't beat it!Good Mexican food in an El Salvadoran-kind way. Really good shrimp tacos. One big demerit - I ordered some crispy tacos to go, and they use food-service ready-made stale taco shells. I mean, I like soft tacos and all, but sometimes crispy is nice, too. I fry my own at home - is it really too much trouble for a restaurant to do the same?Decent Mexican food.  I wouldn't call it authentic by any means, but it's still tasty.  Places that have better and more authentic food usually don't have any atmosphere, so this place gets props for that.I'm updating my review because after eating at Taqueria Corona a few more times and trying out additional menu items, I know have to say that I enjoy the food. The ribeye tacos are particularly good. Although I'm not fond of the ground beef tacos, I know think it's more a matter of personal taste than actual quality. 
One downside, however, is service, which can be spotty. A few times I've waited way too long for refills and the bill. Also, the margaritas are a bit pricey for the size. Still, Taqueria Corona has really grown on me.This place was just awful. To all sit-down Mexican restaurants: If you do not serve complementary chips and salsa, I WILL NOT GO BACK! Yes, you may feel as though you're losing money on extra supplies, but you're gaining customer retention (take Superior Grill for example). Now let's move on to that disgusting taco pizza that you would have to pay me to eat that again. It was basically bland refried bean slop on top of a top of a couple tortilla shells. If you want a Mexican pizza, go to Taco Bell; it'll be more satisfying than what I had. The only decent item that was ordered between me and the person i went with was the margarita, and even that was mediocre. To top everything off, the waiter wasn't friendly at all, and our water cups empty almost the entire time. If you want good Mexican food, don't go to this place.Ick. I love enchiladas and judge tex mex restaurants by their enchiladas. I asked what sauce comes on each one (like meat sauce with a cheese enchilada? or tomatillo with chicken?). Our waiter informed me it is "riviera sauce". Ok...what is that? He couldn't even tell me. So I ordered a cheese enchilada and shrimp enchilada. My cheese enchilada cost $5.00; the shrimp was like $6.25. I had to order rice for an extra $1.25. Kinda overpriced for what we got but for New Orleans it seems par for the course. 
We had to ask the waiter for chips and salsa (which we did not get charged for so I assume they are complimentary). We both ordered enchiladas and they are COVERED, and I mean COVERED with cheese. My friend commented how it tastes like a pizza because of the ridiculous amount of cheese and it really did look like a pizza. Its like they stuck the plate in a pizza oven and let the cheese brown. I wouldn't have minded the browned up cheese if there had only been a quarter of the cheese, not to mention I should have never ordered a cheese enchilada. Also I could have only ordered one and it would have been adequate (for a smaller appetite anyway). My rice was cold. All I remember from the meal is the cheese and how much my stomach hurt after because I had to eat it.
Our waiter completely disappeared. We had to ask another waitress for a check. Finally our waiter returned and had our check, promptly took our credit cards (which he offered to split by what we ordered which was nice, although he got it wrong) but took almost 10 minutes before he bothered to go to the computer to run our cards because he was busy.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.The tall, large, older man with glasses basically blocked me from entering because they closed at 2:00...it was only 1:50. I mean, I get it, he wants to go on break and I would've left but my friend that I was meeting had just been seated by a different employee. Let's just say, this dude was NOT happy about having to serve us. Before I literally touched the menu, let alone glanced at it, he coldly said, "Do you know what you want?"  I was pretty scared of him and didn't want to piss him off anymore than I already had (sorry for existing, bud) so I ordered the first thing I saw which was the chicken quesadilla. I nervously asked for light cheese, bracing myself for a possible punch in the face by this clearly disgruntled and very intimidating man. 
No punch in the face. 
Relieved. 
Then my food came. 
Sadness. 
I ended up getting a cheese Only quesadilla with extra cheese. Was this Opposite Day? And When I say extra cheese, I mean this bad boy would send a lactose intolerant person to their death bed. I just ripped it apart, and pretended to eat it  because I was just over the entire situation. So yea, it sucked. We all have bad days, but that dude needs to take a Xanax and crank up his hearing aid. 
On the plus side, the woman who seated my friend and told us goodbye was extremely polite and courteous. 
...but yea...that dude... :'(Not bad, but not the authentic Baja I was looking for.  The shrimp taco just came with a sauce and the fish taco was a bit bland. I would go back because I did go near closing.  The staff was very friendly.Best fish taco in town.  Period.Mexican - not Tex-Mex. So happy to find that food here isn't slathered in salsa and cheese. 
Wonderfully seasoned beef in the steak taco and big, tender shrimp in the flauta. Try the mole sauce in the black beans - yummy! Service was outstanding.My favorite taco place in the city. I do not generally like fish tacos, and lead the tragic life of being a picky eater...so let me tell you about how these fish tacos changed my life! Haha. My boyfriend and I live close (both originally from Birmingham, Al). We have been going to Taqueria Corona for these fish tacos since 2008. Always friendly staff, always magical fish tacos. We always (just about) order two fish tacos each, with chips/pico/guac, and cokes to drink. We normally don't get sodas, but their coke tastes wonderful for some reason! We consider that a rare treat. The guac is amazing. Pico is amazing. Cheese dip, we prefer elsewhere-we like the white cheese (Americanized I think...). I sometimes get the cheese and chicken quesadilla (which sounds like nothing special, but is really something incredible too) and we split that. Pro tip- if you get an appetizer with chips, tacos, AND a quesadilla for two people, you probably won't be able to finish...I have been getting instead (when I didn't want leftovers or we wanted a little cheaper bill) a chicken and cheese only taco. One of our favorite waiters said this was basically the same as the quesadilla-same quality cheese and chicken, but a smaller portion! I prefer no pico, but you can leave it as it comes if you wish! I get no cabbage on my tacos because I feel it's a little bitter for my taste, but even if I forget on accident to say it-they're still fabulous! We are regulars, and they always laugh and say "see you tomorrow!" As we leave. We will forever love our old waitress Jess who left for Panama recently, but love our other waiters and waitresses too! This place will always be special, because the first time I visited Josh in college from Birmingham, they let me sneak in the back and deliver their drinks-he was so surprised, and it was the best valentines gift ever! :)Absolutely terrible. Chicken taco was a tortilla with unseasoned dry chicken. No salsa, no cheese, nothing else. My bean and cheese burrito came with all the cheese melted on the outside of the burrito. It was inedible. Salsa and guacamole are sub par. Would not recommend this place to anyone.Good place for a quick, cheap, and casual dinner. The alcohol is expensive and the sangria tastes like a wine cooler from the bottle, but really I wasn't expecting high class here.
All of the food was delicious and plentiful, the staff was pleasant. Standard Tex-Mex style. Everything is made to order and tasted fresh, as promised. They also do take out. 
Good alternative to Felipe's, I would definitely come here again.Don't want to oversell it but its some of the best Mexican food in the metro area. Some of the best fish tacos we have ever had and the margaritas are great.
If the made the guacamole table side it would get 5 stars."Good not great" would be an accurate description.
Had dinner here on the advice of a friend. I had NO CLUE this place even existed, but hey, Magazine St. is a long street! I really like the atmosphere of the restaurant. We were seated by a window so that we could look out as we ate and that was nice. 
I ordered the taco salad with chicken. It was okay. I liked that there were huge hunks of chicken in it, but there wasn't nearly enough of it. The salad also came with lettuce, black olives, cheese, sour cream and guacamole. Honestly, the shell was kind of stale but it wasn't terrible. I hear that the tacos are amazing, so I will be getting those if I go back.
All in all, not as great as my beloved Felipe's, but still a valid spot if you are looking for quick Mexican food.The touristy, pseudo-festive, Wal-Mart-Mexican atmosphere only reinforces the blandest 'Mexican' food anywhere. Quesadilla? No detectable flavor. Taco? The same. It really doesn't matter what you order, because it's all flavorless. It seems designed to appeal to people who have never had real Mexican.
Our waiter disappeared toward the end of the meal. Perhaps he had an epiphany and was overcome by shame at the food he was serving. He eventually made his way back to us.
On the other hand, it's pretty good if your relatives are visiting from, say, Detroit, and don't want anything "too spicy." They'll be quite happy.One of my more favorite Mexican restaurants in New Orleans last night was a HUGE disappointment on the customer service front.   Advertised hours on Saturday night are until 9:30pm.  At 8:45pm my son and I showed up in the rain to get a great meal.  They had a closed sign on the door and told us they wouldn't let us in because it was so "slow" they closed early.  That's reason enough for me to NEVER eat there again.  Terrible business etiquette, terrible customer service...it's how you lose once loyal customers.  Good thing lots of great Mexican restaurants have opened in NOLA lately.Small Mexican spot on Magazine. Think of it as fast food Mexican that you can sit down for. Their queso dip is delicious though, super good. I had the chicken taco salad and it was good, kinda smaller then I expected but not bad. Overall, I'd come again since it was so affordable.It was decided that last Friday was a night for margaritas. We arrived at a very busy restaurant where there was little space to wait. We sat down and realized we were surrounded by small children. Luckily, this did not damper our thirst for tequila-based drinks. Eventually, our waitress arrived and took our order. We ordered the small pitcher of margaritas and were disappointed with the size it was for the price. The taste helped to decrease our disappointment.
After another short wait, our waitress took our appetizer order. The chips were tasty (especially the free second basket which was warm). I enjoyed the salsa although it was really, really cold when it first came out. My friend said their guac was good, but they could have used more.
Our waitress did not return for our entree order until we were halfway through the appetizer. I ordered the combination platter with the chicken taco, chicken burrito, and beef flauta. This will probably surprised you as it does most people, but I am not a huge fan of cheese and was disappointed to learn that I could not get my beef flauta without it, not was I offerred a replacement option. I got it anyhow to give it a shot and ended up eating some of the deliciously fried tortilla around the outside. My taco and burrito were excellent. The chicken was spicy and the proportions of ingredients worked perfectly. The black beans were well seasoned but the rice had developed a bit of hardness around the outside of its ice cream scoop shape, making me wonder how long it had been sitting out.
Overall, I enjoyed my dinner, but they could have used more staff, both front and back of house, to handle the large crowd. I had plenty of food and drink and left feeling full and happy. I will definitely go back, probably on a night when not so many people should be there.I've been going to Taqueria Corona off and on for the last 3 years.  Coming from a part of the country that has exceptional Mexican food - I was not expecting much.  Overall, I've generally liked the tacos here, generally preferring the carne asada, cheese and american tacos.  I also have enjoyed the beef and tongue california burritos.  
While this is certainly not the quality of food you'll receive in Texas, California, or the midwest, its pretty good and relatively cheap.  I've never had anything that just wows me - but its good to grab a quick bite from time to time.I was surprised to see so many mediocre reviews, so here is my take. My husband (critical of restaurants as a native N.O. usually is)  and I have been going 1-2 times a month, to this, the original Taqueria Corona, since it opened years ago; it is one of our "regular" restaurants. We find it better and  more consistent than the other local Mexican franchise which we no longer frequent after several bad meals and indifferent, rude service. We have NEVER had a bad meal here or bad service.  It is a good local neighborhood restaurant.  That's just what it is. Menu-- We always get chips and pico de gallo (fresh) to start (not free, true). His fav is #3-- 3 tacos, 1 burrito, 1 flauta (very cheesy), rice and beans, and a side salad. He is a big eater yet usually takes something home. He uses the "black sauce," a table condiment which has a delicious hot smoky taste-- too hot for me except by drops. He is a big eater and still usually takes something home.  We always get chips and pico de gallo (fresh) to start.  I vary, but usually get something with grilled chicken (the item they do BEST, delicious) --- the dinner, Mexican pizza (very cheesy, use the black sauce), tacos, California burrito (huge and yes it has iceberg lettuce and guacamole), tacocado salad, a side salad (all with chicken). I like both soups too,  cebolittos (grilled onions with salt), the ribeye taco and the fish taco with cabbage (caveat-- fried breaded cod). My daughter (13) is always gets an appetizer queso fundito (hot cheese dip and chips) as an entree. Margaritas are acceptable -- we occasional order by the pitcher with an extra shot (preferred).  Decent assortment of bottled beer. Barq's available by bottles.  We find the service hospitable and pretty good unless it is packed, (which it always is on Fri and Sat evenings, especially between 7-9), then it is understandably a little slow. The owner and managers are kind and will absolutely take care of any issue you might find-- just ask.Went here with coworkers for lunch.  We ordered chip and salsa.  The salsa was very fresh and good.  We all ordered taco salads.  They were great. Will be back.  Needs a little improvement on service.Pretty good tacos. Not my fave in the city. Just a note - no free chips and salsa.This place is NOT that great. I'd give it three stars, but am frankly astonished by all of the 5 star reviews and need to show everyone the TRUTH. This is mediocre mexican food in every sense of the word. I came in expecting a delicious meal, but was sorely disappointed. The food is basically bland and uninspired. If you want a Mexican "Applebee's" experience, make your way to Taqueria Corona and you'll have the time of your life with a plate of average food. If you want some real delicious mexican food , please do yourself a favor and head to Felipe's or Juan's instead.Of all the locations, this is my favorite.  Mostly because it holds sweet memories with my love.  The service is always super fast and always right.   They are also very friendly.   
The one thing that I couldn't quite put into words about this place but I became obvious after I recently brought one of my daughters here.  I caught her looking around constantly, pointing out new things and wondering who the multiple pics and paint were (Pancho Villa) , it was the general atmosphere.  Its cozy. Homey.  Cluttered and a big open space at the same time.  It really is a great location.
Parking is a bear. The restaurant is at a part of Magazine that doesnt allow parking in front because there is no room.  Night time parking for women can be scary I am sure.
The food I think has been covered well by others but I will say that it is consistantly awesome every time.  I havent been on a off night ever.  Crowded or dead empty inside, its always greatNot terrible but not the best. Their Guacamole is pretty good. And I did enjoy their Fish tacos. Though I still contend that Taqueria Guerrero on Canal is the best authentic mexican place that I've tried in the city so far.Great place for Mexican food, we come here often, the service has always been good & prices great for uptown.  We also catch their weekend brunch from time to time.I have mixed feelings for writing such a review. But to be honest, their menu is disappointingly sparse, their food blandly uninteresting, and their atmosphere mediocre. Though I enjoy their attempt, it is almost more disappointing to want to like a place so much but instead be left wanting so much more.I've tried to give this place a number of chances but I have uniformly bad experiences. Mediocre tacos - old tasting fish and shrimp, bland sides and the excessive use of a microwave definitely leave me confused as to how this place is so popular.  Ahhh wait, good margaritas - but surely no excuse for the poor foodI crave their flautas and fish tacos from time to time. They are such sinful treats that deserve 5 stars alone. The rest of the food I've had there is very good. They are often busy and the waitstaff deals with it well.Go someplace else.  First of all no self respecting mexican place makes you pay for chips and salsa!  Its very bean and salt based.  Its also very expensive for what you actually get.  You cant even swap things out on certain platters.  Ive been here multiple times expecting different results.  This unfortunately is my neighborhood mexican joint.  This place lacks creativity, flavor, presentation and originality.  Im comparing this to the other mexican joints in the area.  My personal favorites in descending order are el gato negro, juans flying burrito, superior grill, felipes.  Its worth driving the extra mile to get to one of those places.  This place is probably staying in business because its the only mexican place in this neighborhood and they use cheap ingredients and use a lot of them to make you feel like your getting a lot but in actuality you are getting very little protein.  I just feel ripped off every time i come.  Roach coach Taco trucks in la at 3 am are much better.Good food, nice staff. Can't go wrong with tacos and margaritas are awesomeI think Mexicans everywhere need to unite and picket outside of Taqueria Corona for saying that they serve Mexican Food there. If I could give a Negative 2 rating I would.  The only good thing at this restaurant was the young female waitress who gave us great service. The food was over fried or cooked in the microwave. I am not kidding. They cook their burritos in the microwave. 
Now let me tell you about the worst Mexican food I have ever had in my life, and this includes Taco Bell. That's right, this place is worse than Taco Bell.  
We ordered 2 fish tacos, a shrimp flauta and a California Burrito. They were all disgusting. The fish and flauta were very over fried. It seemed that they had fried them three times already and then refried it to order. When I bit into the fish taco, which had tartar sauce on it (I think to disguise the flavor), greasy oil burst into my mouth. The shrimp flauta should have been called the Triple Fried Flauta with half a piece of frozen shrimp in it. 
The worst thing we ate was the California Burrito, which makes every crappy 4 a.m burrito I ever had in college seem like the best food in the world. This "California Burrito" was obviously heated by a microwave. They put shredded iceberg lettuce inside the burrito and nuke it, so when you get the burrito it is soggy, disgusting, and undeniabley the worst burrito in the world!  
I am not trying to slam this place because again the waitress was really good, but I cannot believe this place is allowed to be open. Absolutely disgusting and shameful.  Anyone that gives a good review for this place either is married to the owner's daughter, or has never had Mexican food before. 
Save yourself money and a stomach ache and go buy a can of refried beans and some tortillas. You will save 25 bucks and it will taste better. Just throw it in the microwave like they do! 
Don't eat here unless you like bad ingredients that are cooked in the microwave or deep fried to disguise the flavor.Huge disappointment.  This place was recommended to me by several people after I voiced that I wasn't sure I would be trying Mexican food while living in NOLA.  It's overpriced for mediocre food.  NEVER a good combo.  There are much better places...ahem, El Gato Negro...for good mexican food and better prices.Came here with my SO for lunch one day a while ago.  We were allowed to sit anywhere and chose a table next to the front window.  The waiter took a minute to bring our waters, at which point we ordered some Queso Fundido dip.  The dip was pretty good, but seems pricey for what it is - cheese, sausage, spices.  
I got a couple American tacos - ground beef, lettuce, cheddar cheese & salsa in a
crispy taco shell - and my SO got a couple steak tacos.  We were both very pleased with the flavors, quality, and quantity of our main dishes.  The only think lacking was the service.  We sat with empty waters for too long, and it was just a bit overall slow.This place is laughable. If you enjoy the food here, your head would explode if you had anything resembling real Mexican or Tex-Mex. I grew up in San Antonio, and the stuff Corona serves is a joke, and far overpriced for what it is. 
Tortillas taste like they're made of paper.  Refried BLACK beans, really? Spanish rice is just white rice with orange coloring, tastes like plain white rice. No free chips and salsa? Chicken burrito only comes with chicken chunks and beans; where's the cheese and veggies? Where are the peppers? Everything is bland. Guacamole is always brown. Cubed chicken breast, really?  Where's the stewed shredded chicken? I could go on and on. 
The two decent things: flautas were ok, but the garbage tortillas really take away from it. Salsa verde is acceptable.Great authentic Mexican food. Love the tongue tacos and the shrimp quezadillas. 
Dip is overpriced.
Highly recommended.If you are looking for real Mexican food, this is your best bet in town (notwithstanding the hot trucks that came after Katrina).
The highlights of course, are the tacos.  Very basic, but delicious.  A friend from Nicaragua convinced me to try the beef tongue taco and it was amazing.  Chorizo, fish, shrimp, and the standard meats are there as well.  Their shrimp flautas are perfect.  The taco salad is the best in the city by far (I prefer the shrimp myself).
They do a great job with pico de gallo and cebollitas.
I'm partial to the Magazine St location for the ambience, but there is a consistency in quality among all three (which I've eaten at).I have loved TC since it opened (er, I can't believe, almost 20 years ago). Way  back then I loved their chicken, in tacos, burritos or enchiladas. Now I don't eat chickens but we still eat there every chance we get (the Metairie location is convenient for us who cross the bridge). Yes, the burritos and enchiladas are not really Mexican or Tex-Mex, so if that's what I want, I go somewhere else (preferably New Mexico or Texas).
For Vegetarians, the best part is the no meat/lard black  beans. Thick, dark and creamy. Served with orange rice. ymmm. If it's cold out, get the black  bean soup, if it's warm (usually) get the salad. It's cheap too. I also love the pico, so much better than most restaurant salsa this side of the Red River, lots of onion, cilantro and slightly acidic. It's not free tho. Cebollitos (grilled green onions) are yummy too, but we never order them (why is that? next time I will). If you eat fish and shellfish, the fish taco is the best. Crispy pieces of white fish, spicy sauce kind of like tartar but better and cool red cabbage in a flour tortilla. Now, the best part- the SHRIMP FLAUTA. I don't know what the other reviewer meant by doughy, it's a tortilla, it's dough. It is a flour tortilla tho, not corn, but that's what makes it so good! Crispy shell wrapped around little nuggest of popcorn shrimp in every bite with lots of gooey cheese. Heaven.The best mexican food I've found yet in New Orleans.  Amazing tacos.  Delicious."Taqueria Bell Carona" .
Hrm...I don't want to write a long and drawn out review, but at the same time, I have so many things that are worth mentioning about this experience.
So I guess I'll do bullet-points.
-No chips and salsa. What makes yours so special that you need to charge 4 bucks or so for them? Nothing actually. Much better chips from Pupuseria Divino Corazon. 
-A waitress tried to take our order as she we sat down, not having even picked up the menus.
-Then. Same waitress immediately came back to take our order when the Girly went to the bathroom.
-Lets not even get into those funky after-thought bathrooms. If you are a dude with bad knees, over-weight or tall, you will kill yourself trying to climb Mount-HUGE-Throne. It's a game of thrones where no one wins.
-No Fajitas.
-Tiny tacos at higher than normal prices. Seriously. If I wanted to pay that much for a taco, I'd go to the Taceaux Loceaux truck where I know they will be awesome.
-Around 4 bucks for a Flauta that was smaller than the pencils we used in 1st grade and seemed to be re-fried bean baby food. No meat flavor. Cold in the middle.
-A chicken enchilada that was so small it fit into a saucer sized dish. Mostly cheese and with red, blood-filled chicken pieces. This freaked the Girly the F-out! 
-Tiny, stingy portions in General. The only ones who seemed to think the sizes were ok happened to be a group of girls in the front who look like poster-women for Bulimia Weekly. Seriously. None of them weighed as much as their chairs. Cheek-bones that could cut diamonds.
-Everything seemed to be microwaved. The food was cold on the inside but molten on the outside.
-$20 bucks for bad service, a baby food Flauta, a baby sized enchilada a beer and a tea. We left hungry (and the Girly was scared she might get sick from the under-cooked chicken)
It takes a LOT for the Girly to dislike a Mexican restaurant. A LOT. She's an addict. But not only did she HATE this place, she actually encouraged me to write a 1 star review. She HATES when I'm hard of a restaurant but the entire experience actually made her mad because it was so bad.
I would only recommend this place to people with no teeth and good knees and a questionable taste in baby-food.
But if you ladies want a laugh, ask a guy you are with to open the bathroom door and see the ridiculousness of their "throne" room.Best fish tacos I've ever had! Also I really like their rice and beans. The staff is always super friendly and margaritas are strong. The atmosphere is relaxed and you won't be waiting forever for a table like some of the other popular Mexican restaurants in New Orleans.Best Mexican food in town! Always consistent, great margherita's too! Good service,very clean but the food is what keeps you going backblech.  really guys?  not good. at all. not even for a fix in this  barren desert of Mexican food that is Nola.  we had a burrito, enchilada, flauta and a taco--none of it was even passable.  lots of fake cheese(I think my flauta had Velveeta in it), watery, bland and in some spots uncooked chicken and weird sweet salsa.  the guacamole was brownish green and we got there right when they opened. AND you have to pay for chips that are definitely not made there and the aforementioned icky sweet pico.I had lunch here today for the first time in years, and I was a little underwhelmed.
First off, it took forever to find s parking spot, and it was a rainy Thursday afternoon! Really? I was hangry to begin with, so tack on an additional 10 minutes of driving around with my mom and tween daughter in the car giving me driving directions and parking suggestions, and you have a live bomb in the driver's seat. 
Once we were greeted and seated the waiter took our order and our food came not too long after. Luckily they weren't very busy, and I wasn't forced to chew off my own arm.
I ordered a fish taco, and an order of beans and rice.  Their fish taco - at any of their locations - is my favorite taco IN THE WORLD.  I was pretty disappointed today. The crust was mushy!!!!!! Aaaagh!!! After all of that driving around, listening to my mom and daughter tell me how to drive, just knowing that when my fish taco arrived it would all have been worth it, and all would be right with the world. NOT. 
Yep, the crust was mushy. Where was the crunchy, crispy goodness that was created to cradle the perfectly fried fish inside? Where???? As I said earlier, I was hangry - so I ate it. The tartar sauce was still amazingly tangy and delicious, and the cabbage was fresh and crunchy. It filled me up and I felt human again, but I just felt a little cheated. Just a tiny bit. 
Well, I'll definitely visit this location again someday, and when I do I'll be hoping for that crispy crust.  This is not the end of my relationship with Uptown Taqueria Corona.I'd like to try this place again. All I really remember is the crying of a couple of kids. Food and service was good.this is more like peruvian/ecuadorian food than mexican.
awesome.  
carne asade wah?
cebollitas are a must, mibble them with everything.  ive never had better chorizo anywhere, or for that matter more tolerable tongue.  Glad i'm typing, no way i could say that.  When i say this is not mexican, i say that its not tex-mex.  No salsa.  No queso.  Excellent guac.  Excellent Pico de gallo.
may favorite is the chicken mexican pizza:
on a six inch plate lays a flour tortilla, black refried beans (sooo good, even for a bean eatin town), layers of fire grilled lime-infested chicken nestled in the mud, another torilla, more beans, more chicken, all covered in a mix if white and yellow mexican cheeses (real cheese!  Don't be fooled by impostors!), lovingly nestled up to a salamander (broiler) flame to sizzle and brown and merge flavors into deliciousness.  Not for the weak-on-cheese hearted.  I want one now.  
Now!For a quick, fried, and filling Mexican dinner this is the place to go. The service was very fast, the food came out within fifteen minutes of being seated and the staff was very prompt with drink orders. 
I wouldn't say the food was great, but it was very good. The Mexican food I know and crave is more California/Western Mexican, and out in New Orleans there is more TexMex/Eastern Mexican cuisine. It's just a little different for me. But it was still good. 
One thing that I noticed was the number of families eating in the restaurant. It was obviously very kid friendly and affordable. The location is a plus too.My husband and I came in during dinner hour on a Saturday night. We're regulars here, but we've never seen it this busy. As such, I was prepared to wait a while for the food (no worries -- we had a pitcher of margarita, which is not watered down), but the food came promptly and was served with a smile. Great place if you're looking for delicious food that won't break the bank.If you're in the mood for a change of pace from Cajun/Creole food, this is a great place to grab dinner. The combination plates give you a chance to try a little of everything (like beef in one thing and shrimp in another). We found the prices reasonable, the portions generous, and the service excellent. The only drawback is that it's a popular family place and about half the tables have little kids, so try to choose your table carefully.Big portions but very bland mexican food.  The guacomole had a tinny taste to it.  It was not freshly prepared.  The pico di gallo had no cilantro and absolutely no heat.  It seemed to be made of tomato and onion only.  Blah.
They need to rethink their Numero Dos plate that includes a black bean enchilada with a side order of black beans.  The chicken and beef tacos were bland. Portions were large.
The room is pleasant with a nice view of the street and nice original artwork on the walls.  Our server was pleasant but she seemed inexperienced. 
I really want to like this place but they need to unlock the spice cabinet.Mexican pizza will be my new go to! The queso dip is also my favorite. Friendly and very helpful staff.Authentic Mexican.  Short menu.  Fresh ingredients.  Juan the dishwasher sold me a painting he made of my house.  Tiny drinks.  Great Uptown Magazine Street spot.I had such a fantastic experiance here, It has become main staple of my diet. For someone who is very concerned with Quantity Taquiria Corona does not dissappoint. They have the biggest burrito in town (the california) for $9. 
The number 2 special could easily be split by 2 people 
The staff has always been friendly, and attentive. The atmosphere is laid back, nothing to fancy. They aren't trying to be cooler than they are, they are just giving you a great product at a great price.
Only issue, in the last 3 months, I go weekly, is that I had a fork with some food residue left on it, I brought it to the waiters attention and he promptly switched it out!
LOVE THIS PLACEI went to Taqueria Corona because I have been told by many people that it was the best Mexican food in New Orleans.  
The staff was courteous and friendly, and the space was certainly inviting enough, definitely a family friendly restaurant.  
We ordered the guacamole, this is a pivotal point on where I tend to judge most taquerias.  If you are going to serve it, it has to be fresh, this was anything but.  Flavorless green glop that had obviously been sitting around.  Not made to order, but blended in a food processor and scooped out of a tray...I saw it behind the counter looking sad and filled with browning guac.  
The tacos were simply meh...everything was slathered in warm pico de gallo that seemed like it was poured from a can.  We salvaged our eats, pork, steak and shrimp tacos with some cilantro and onions we requested and scooped most of the pico to the side.  A squirt of lime made helped make them edible.  
Save your pennies and head over to Taqueria Guerrero on Carrolton for much more authentic Mexican eats.When are they not busy?  Rita's are good, queso is great, and whatever cheese they use in the quesidillas is addictive. The service isn't all the great, half the time we have to flag the waiter, but given how small the restaurant is, it's not that big of a deal.I've gone to this restaurant for years, and the food is consistently good, mid-range Tex Mex. However, the customer service is AWFUL when it's crowded. Staff doesn't communicate well with each other or with guests--When we arrived we were reluctant to stay since a few larger parties (families with kids) walked in before us. So we asked the visibly overwhelmed hostess how long the wait would be, and to our surprise she said she'd clear a two top for us. She ended up pushing that table together with a four top to make room for the family of six. Understandable, but when we asked the manager 10 minutes later how long the wait would be, he flipped out, saying I was being "too sensitive." We were hungry and not in the mood to wait since there are plenty of restaurants on Magazine, not to mention NOLA. Needless to say, we won't be returning any time soon--Especially since the service at the new Juan's down the street was spectacular.We ordered take out since it is close to our house. The California burrito was poorly wrapped, kind of slimy, and had the wrong meat in it (we ordered the pork, received the chicken). The chicken also had a very acidic salsa taste.
We also ordered guacamole and chips - with the one burrito this meal cost like $16.00. 
Wish we had a cheap, good burrito place uptown NOLA!