Breakfast here is great and there's never a huge wait. The place has the feel of old time diner. The menu is basic, but portions are generous and prices are low - eggs any style, bacon, grits, home fries, biscuits and pancakes. The pancakes here are delicious! Outside texture is a little crispy. Inside they're a tiny bit sweet and unlike any others I've had. Their biscuits are buttery and decadent. I usually get the Early Bird (2 eggs, bacon, grits, and pancakes). Try their root beer too.I went with the roast beast and a side of a chocolate milkshake. It was delicious and messy, a pot-roast sandwich. I would not advise to order this if you are on a first date. Eat this in privacy unless you're an animal with no shame like reviewer, Seth P. The malt chocolate was a pleasant surprise. The atmosphere felt like a drive-in with oldies music playing in the background.  I could say the place was sloppy but when you go to "Ted's Frostop", you shouldn't expect anything but divey. As for price, it was affordable but I expected it to be lower for a burger joint. It's still inexpensive though. I was advised to order the roast beast, but according to the other yelp reviews, I need to try a burger and fries.C'mon, what did you expect - Commander's Palace? At least they sweep the floor once in a while. Cheap hot dogs, sloppy burgers, fries cooked more or less when you order them, $2 beer... revel in it.Ted's Frostop is an excellent little burger place across Tulane's campus. While it is a tad bit more than a normal basic burger joint, it's appeal and rootbeer can't be beat. The burgers are fantastic, the fries as well, and the root beer is superb. The place is a bit run down, but it's proper and clean where it counts: bathrooms, tables, and seating. Great establishment, considering there's nothing quite like it in that part of uptown.The Best Burgers in town. Love everything about this burger, and the bread it just PERFECT!! Was so good went twice in one day.Awesome, cheap breakfast!  Just the way you want it.  Great for lunch too, lots to choose from, something for everyone.  Great service and the place is clean!  What more could you ask for?!My neighborhood burger joint. Fully revitalized and restored recently by new management. Still quality consistent burgers and hot meals. Fun family atmosphere. Hope its here for a hundred years!As a fan of greasy-spoon diners that serve great burgers, I'd hoped that Frostop might be a replacement for the Rocket back home in Alabama.  I had heard good things about the place, it has stellar retro signage, and it's just beyond my Carrollton neighborhood, so I though it would be worth a try. Was I ever wrong!
I'd heard that the root beer was something special - good quality and served in a frosty mug.  I guess the giant over-turned root beer mug sign outside should have tipped me off: we got Barq's from a soda fountain, served in a styrofoam cup.  I could have gotten that, and cheaper, next door at the Circle K.
As for the cheeseburger, it was clearly a frozen foodservice company patty (you could see the sharp line on the edges where it had been stamped out on an assembly line), full of gristle and grease.  The vanilla milkshake was a disappointment as well.  The waffle fries were decent, but made me long for Chick-Fil-A's fries by comparison.
And the service was almost laughably surly.  I personally like a little sass with my service, but this was not sass, this was just two hateful women behind the counter who clearly loathed their job and customers.
In short, if you want to pay $8 to $10 for a quality of food and service that you could get at any fast-food restaurant for $4 or $5, then, by all means, drop by the Frostop!I wanted this to be a fantastic greasy spoon with thick milkshakes and cheap, yummy burgers. Well, I got the greasy part right.
The burger I had was only ok. It reminded me of Burger King's whopper which ain't exactly a great thing. My husband had the sliders, which were MUCH better. The burgers were grilled to crunchiness with lots of grated cheddar on top. The fries were admittedly good, but they were drowned out by the truly pathetic excuse for chocolate milkshakes. They were runny, and were obviously not chocolate ice cream, but so-so vanilla mixed with Hershey's syrup. I could do that at home, people.
I haven't tried the breakfast yet, and perhaps that will change my mind. The prices on it looked pretty good. I was so disappointed that I haven't been back. Until then, the 2 stars stands.Cheap greasy food and root beer floats, what more could you want?  There's the now upside down giant root beer at the front of the store.  If you are craving a burger and fries and want something other than mcdonalds, try here.Amazing food! The best place in town to grab a burger for lunch. The staff is extremely friendly, the food fresh, and the atmosphere of a 50's dinner. What else is there to want?!?I like it.  Plain n' simple.
My brother-in-law isn't a fan - but I am.
Came three times (two breakfasts - one lunch) and each time was solid by me.
Give it a shot.  At first appearance, it's for show.  But then you quickly realize it's not.Best Root beer!!! We even walked 2 miles to get here! The burgers were good too! Small little place, but good drive-in ambiance.I want to compliment Ted's Frostop Diner for Excellent Service. Ted greets you as you come in the door. I  was amazed at the speed of service. At different times  the waitresses and waiters were efficient and helpful. The service I received was  prompt...I couldn't have been more pleased...I can confirm that Teds Frostop Diner is committed to providing each customer with the highest standard of customer service, an act that demonstrates a genuine desire to satisfy, if not delight, a customer.Love the Lotto Burger; The Iconic "upside down mug" is great; but until they start serving the ted's root beer again, I'll stick to the  River Ridge location.In the morning, I like to get an egg over easy on toast for like 2 bucks. If you come a few times, they start to remember your order which is nice. I've had the little castle burger type slider things before which are good. Today, I had the red bean special, It comes with different types of sausage or baked chicken and green beans or salad. I got the baked chicken which was tasty. The red beans were a tad watery for my taste. I doctored them up with some hot sauce and Tony's that I had at my office. I need to come for a milkshake or a root beer float next time.If you want a greasy burger served on Bunny white bread, then this is the best ticket in town.  Unfortunately, this is often what I am craving.
Funny story:  I filled out two credit card applications out front (with fake info of course!) to get a free burger and fries.  Sketchy, yes.  But free.The food is good, but their hours are ridiculous. Who ever heard of a burger joint not open at night?Ted's Frostop: it evokes a feeling of nostalgia for days past, where neighborhood diners and "greasy spoons" were the norm mid-20th Century. Think "Route 66" to get a better idea. 
Food: Breakfest available throughout the day, including "all you can eat" pancakes for under $5. I had the establishment's signature "Lotaburger" with cheddar cheese ($1 extra, though other toppings were also available for addon charge as well) as a combo with crinkle cut fries and a soft drink (I went for the Barq's red cream soda, but Frostop also has their own brand of root beer available) for a $3 upgrade. Cost was approximately $10 for the entire meal, on par with most fast food joints in the area. The meat patty was a bit thin, but the sandwich was tasty, not dry, and not too greasy. The fries were nothing special, but they were filling. I left satisfied with a full stomach. (3 stars, mostly on value)
Service: You order at the front counter, and your name is shouted out for pick up from the counter. Cashier was efficient, and the order (made fresh) was ready in less than 10 minutes. Tables and booths are cleaned after a customer leaves. (3 stars, based on efficiency of service)
Facilities: As noted above, this place is a roadside-style diner, and I wasn't disapponted. Booths and tables were available. The drink fountain was in good order, and the bathroom looks recently upgraded and clean. I would appreciate if there was a greater sense of urgency by the staff to clean tabletops after customers leave, but the restaurant was tidy otherwise. (3 stars--nothing special, and not sursprised in either a positive or negative manner, other than slow table cleaning)
Bonus: Free play on their antique pinball machines (one funtional, one not) and Ms. Pacman. Put in a game or 2 while you wait for your order. Fun for kids of all ages!!
Overall: an average "casual dining" establishment, a small step above fast food in quality and service. I would go back for breakfast or a quick lunch, just for fun.We go here for the burgers and root beer, definitely not the service!  We've never had one of their lunch specials but I've been there during the lunch rush and lots of people were ordering the specials.  The burgers are juicy and flavorful, dressed with shredded lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mayo and mustard.  The fries are seasoned well.  
The counter service and staff in the kitchen have never been very friendly, just get people in and out.  We even saw them turn the closed sign on an hour early one Saturday night.  This place is a neighborhood gem and has been revamped since we moved to the area just a few years.  It has great potential but appears they need to pay staff a little more to have better service.  
We continue to go back because the burgers and root beer just hit the spot sometimes!I can't speak on the food as I came strictly for a root beer float to satisfy an intense pregnancy craving, but from the looks of it, it didn't seem bad. It reminds me of an updated diner from the golden 1950's era. The menu isn't overwhelming and includes burgers, chicken strips and a few different po boys. The Lot O' Burger po boy was calling my name and will probably be an item I will try on my next visit. My root beer float was good and I would definitely come back for that, if anything.Stopped in to Ted's before our weekly Thursday ride. It was a throwback experience. If you want to know what burgers and the beginnings of fast food was like in the 50's this is the spot. The burger quality was very good. The rootbeer float was ok, would have been better with real ice cream rather than soft serve. The Frostop rootbeer is a throwback also, nice flavor. They even still have the outside window where I am guessing some of us had to be waited on back in the day. If you are in the area looking for a burger this is not a bad option especially if you like a burger on french which is their specialty.I love a good burger joint and this one is great. I had an intense craving for a Frostop burger and root beer and I satisfied it today for lunch.
The burgers are made to order, so be a little bit patient. It will take just a few minutes, but the wait will be worth it. Juicy meat, good pickles (this is a MUST), and crinkle-cut fries that are perfectly seasoned. 
Don't forget the root bear, which is excellent. Be sure to put it in a frozen mug, which is right next to the fountain machine. 
I need to go back more often. Maybe for dinner tonight...?
P.S. Bonus points for old-school pinball machines!Ted's. What a place! From the moment to drove by it, I knew, that place is special! It wasn't until shortly after that my friend told me, "Mike, that's the sorta place your dad woulda taken ya as a kid! You'll like that! We'll go."
Ted's Frostop is like the A&W of the south, but so so much better in every way! Walking in the door, I had the impression that Teds hasn't changed a thing in 60 years. And you know what, I don't hold that against them, and you won't either! 
For the price, this place is a must! 
Go with the egg po-boy!Call me crazy, but I REALLY like FroStop! Over the weekend I had a serious hankering for a burger, milkshake, and fries. HAD. TO. HAVE. IT.
I didn't want McDonalds, and I certainly didn't want AppleBee's style either. There aren't many of those Greek-owned ClassicBurger type restaurants or even Ruby's/ Johnny Rocket style diners in New Orleans. I'm thinking red vinyl boothes, and 50's music. BUT-- there IS FroStop!
It feels a little like the burger place in Fast Times at Ridgemont High. The counter was run by a few teenagers.. not the people you see in a New Orleans drive-thru if you know what I mean. I like to see teenagers working these kinds of jobs. Feels old-school.
They had a juke box playing some classic rock and really old, cool pinball machines. Better yet, they play for free... so while we waited for our food we played a few games.
Then the food comes up.. the milk shake was just what the doctor ordered. Perfect thickness and flavor... the burgers were legit angus burgers, huge and messy.
I kept thinking of the old Carl's Jr slogan: "If it doesn't get all over the place- it doesn't belong in your face." This was that kind of burger. A mess! And so tasty.
And the fries.. we got waffle fries.. were seasoned to PERFECTION!
I'm still thinking about it. No, it's not health food. But it's cheap, casual, and I dug it.
I'll go back.. feels like a good place to begin a pre-movie date. So low-key.. made me feel like I was 16.I stopped in this morning for a quick breakfast with a friend. I ordered the grits and bacon and it was pretty good. My friend ordered the breakfast sandwich (sausage, egg, and cheese) on a biscuit and said it hit the spot. The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. I would go back.We found this place from Roadside America. Stopped in and had breakfast and a root beer. Tasty breakfast and the root beer is in a good old fashioned frosty mug. Can't get better than that.It is what it is.
I liked the kastleburger-- so sue me.  Small, cheap, delicious trashiness.  It fills a certain niche for me.
Don't judge.The wife and I had a chance to check this place out.  Apparently the wife used to frequent this place back in the day when she was in high school(Mid 90s).  I had never been here before.
Service was rushed but pleasant and the food was reasonably priced and didn't take to long to come to us.  Both the wife and I had burgers and enjoyed them.  It's not the best burger in the city but it was good.  Sure beats Bud's Broiler.
Overall not a b ad little place.Old-School Southern Burger. I forgot how much I love this place and the food, the burger was made with fresh meat and had nice char. The proportions of meat and bread were great--it's a standout!I'm the Duchess because this is my go-to burger place when I'm craving a burger at work. The angus burger is decent sized and well priced. I like being able to pop in quickly or even call my order in ahead of time. The staff is always friendly to boot. Oh and the waffle fries are an extra treat if I'm having a bad day.Four stars for the atmosphere.
Four stars for the food.
Three stars for the price.
The atmosphere of this place is great. It has that "50's diner" type of feel that I really liked. The menu is on the wall, you decide what you want, you go up and order, they take your name and you wait to be called.
They have a whole selection of things to choose from such as poboys, salads and all day breakfast. They also have daily lunch specials such as red beans and rice and meatloaf, depending on the day. I decided to get what they are known for- the burger. I got the Lot-O-Burger with cheddar cheese, fries and the Frostop root beer.
The burger was good and had a lot of flavor and was nicely dressed with lettuce, tomato and cheese and I liked that the fries were sprinkled with salt and a spicy flavoring that gave them a little kick. The root beer was delicious, and free refills are always nice.
My only complaint is the price. For my burger, fries and drink, the total was $9.30. That's not a lot of money at all, but that just seems like a little more than I would like to pay for a quick lunch, especially considering I ordered at a counter and picked it up myself. That's a small little thing and I will definitely be back as I did enjoy my meal (and off the record, I completely cleaned my little basket).Ted'a Frostop, is a throwback in more ways than I can count.
Good Burgers, good fries, good ice cream and red Cream Soda.
Ter kids meals, are big enough for adults and include a drink and ice cream for under five dollars.
If you have little ones, and I do, bring them here to an afternoon treat.This diner is located near my school so i come in here very often. I find that the staff is not really friendly, they all seem to look angry or don't even want to be there at all. Overall, the food is good yet greasy (but that's the point i guess). I still like the place and it deserves a 4 star.Cheap breakfast for 2.99, got some grits, eggs the way u want them and choice of bacon or sausage with toast or biscuit. Nice and greasy.
Parking is in the lot and offstreet, good for you smokers, beware sometimes of seedy characters.Last month, I was running errands along Claiborne Ave and decided I deserved a Frostop breakfast. So I ordered and sat down, after a moment the counter person said that they had stopped serving breakfast...less than 30 minutes ago. 
So much confusion ensued since I thought they served breakfast whenever they were open and the answer was the used to and they would be doing so again soon...and they just gave me my breakfast. So all's well that ends well.  My breakfast was like $3 and totally filling and tasty.
Plus I got to hangout and watch an old guy relishing a frosty mug of root beer while playing a old school mechanical pinball machine with actual bells and other analog noises.
Good times.the burger was pretty good the root beer float outstanding. just your old style car hop type place. good for a fast biteI enjoyed my burger and fries for $5.95.  The staff was friendly enough and the meal was hearty.  I enjoyed it there and would probably return in the future.The Pros: great atmosphere, fast service, takes NOLA Bucks for Tulane students, awesome root beer floats, and delicious poboys.
The Cons: sometimes the servers don't pay attention to your needs, it doesn't really seem like they want to be there, but I keep coming back regardless because it's good food at an affordable price.We visited the recently renovated Ted's last weekend.  When I say renovated, I mean partly renovated.  It's been spruced up a bit, but it still maintains the charm of the original drive-in soda and burger shop.  The food was delicious!  The burgers are large and juicy.  Everything is made to order so we had to wait maybe five to eight minutes, but wow is it worth it.  My 15-year-old daughter, who knows nothing of burgers except the McD and BK variety, was a little off-put by the messy meal but I think she liked it as well.
A fun stop for all, especially for families and friends looking for something affordable and just a little offbeat.The burgers are delicious. I ordered two double lot-O-Burger fully dressed for $9.95 each plus taxes. I watched the guy at the grill grab 3 large patties and 1 small. The hold time I'm thinking I hope that's not my other patty. Guess what he surely put it on my burger and handed it to me. I opened the box took the patties off thinking that the smaller one must just be thicker instead but it wasn't. It was definitely a small patty. I asked the cashier why was it like that. She said the order was wrong. They asked the guy on the grill why was it like that and he struggled his shoulder and said I don't. Then I explain to him that I watched the hold thing. He accidentally put the small patty on the grill instead of another large then looked over his shoulder and made sure no one was looking but It didn't seem like I was paying attention but I was.  Talking about no integrity. All I ask is that I get what I pay for. I did get the correct party and told them thanks. I don't write reviews normally but I surely read them a lot. The food here is quite good. I have been here before and had great service it's just this experience was a poor one.Very diverse menu, burgers, breakfast, meals like etoufee, po boys, etc.
They make a great burger, in my opinion one of the more underrated burger joints in the city. Very family and kid friendly as well as cheap prices.
The staff is very helpful and they also great Root Beer floats!!I love this place.  Great food and specials on the weekdays.  Their breakfasts could rival any other joint.  The upside down mug has become an uptown icon.  Love the burgers and fries!Very clean old school place, with free pinball games. The food is above average, but the root beer float is excellent. Nice break from the hustle of the french quarter.I'm a dumb-ass for getting red beans & rice instead of an actual burger. 
It was a Monday - everyone was eating them. I thought it was special. It wasn't.
Kudos on the complimentary wi-fi. The staff is great!I had a good hearty classic diner burger there a few days ago and the lady at the counter was really nice. I'm coming back to try a malt or a milkshake! Only open until 5 PM!Why 3 stars? 
I love to bring my little grandson here for Saturday breakfast before we head out to enjoy our day together. The atmosphere at that time of day is great, the food order is taken quickly and the wait is generally less than 10 minutes. Good for such a busy place and our pancakes, eggs and bacon are cooked perfectly.
So why not 5 stars?
Having skipped my breakfast and lunch, I decided to check out what Frostop offered at 2pm on a weekday afternoon. Few people in there, certainly no line waiting to be served, but the teenager on the counter took my order without making any eye contact, no please or thank you .... she seemed bored and irritated. Completely different from my breakfast experiences. (-1 star)
I ordered the sausage, dressed, for almost $9. One patty came in a white-bread bun with a piece of lettuce and tomato - which I considered overpriced. (-1 star)
Will definitely return, but only for breakfast,The burger here is among the best in the city. Nothing fancy, just quality ingredients prepared well. (also, buttered toasted buns, nuff said)...also, try the grilled chicken sandwich because it is exceptional. I don't recall ever having a better one, anywhere, and i eat a lot of em. funky diner ambiance, but i only come for the food!Awesome breakfast, great staff and not expensive.  My wife, son, and I frequent there while my daughter is at Tulane univ taking dance.  Definitely going back..I like Ted's Frostop. It's a no frills yet friendly locals type of place. The workers know the customers and the orders don't change it's really not more to ask for. They serve a pretty good breakfast and lunch. My preferred meals include the cheeseburger, and the catfish.  Its pretty fresh and made on the spot. No complaints here. 
The root beer is pretty yummy as well but expect  to get a sugar.
Ample parking so shouldn't have any problems there as well.
I suggest going in for lunch. It takes you back a little and enjoy a lunch special!Burger wasn't fully cooked but other than that everything was great. Great service, awesome root beer float.I love this place for the Lot-o burger and the castleburgers.  They're awesome and I drink the fountain red cream soda by the gallon.  Too bad they charge 40 cents for every refill.  I love this place and I think its best place to get a quick burger uptown (head over heels better than camellia).Honestly, I just... I dunno.  It's just... ugh.  If I didn't feel it was my duty to warn people about this place, I wouldn't even bother writing.
THE GOOD
Seriously?
THE BAD
"Sliders":  Their mini-burgers were literally frozen White Castle burgers: same paper-thin patty, imitation cheese, and hard dense buns.  At least I hope they used frozen mini-burgers; it's shameful, but not nearly as shameful as if they actually tried to make it that bad.
Fries:  Literally just a handful of them, unsalted, slightly burned.  How do you mess up fries when I'm the only person in there ordering?
Service:  I went in about 15 minutes before they were supposed to close.  I know it's near closing time but it's basically a fast food place and I wasn't going to need more than 15 minutes to eat.  The two girls working there said "You can't eat in here, we have to close, go eat outside."  I got kicked out of Frostop, 15 minutes early, because they're too lazy to wait 5-10 minutes to let someone eat.  Pathetic.
PURGATORY
Sigh...
OVERALL
Worse than fast food in every way.  If I didn't live so close by I would never have gone.  Now I know better.Welp. Where do I begin? Decided to stop here earlier today as I'm visiting NOLA and picked up food for others (I don't eat beef burgers). When I asked questions about the burger, a guy who looked like the owner or manager was impatient with my two questions and gave quick, almost curt responses. Then, as I went to the already filthy drink fountain station to get a drink I noticed the cup lids were DIRTY and ON TOP OF THE CAN, leaving me to carefully try to find an untainted one in the middle. A busgirl comes out and snaps at me for moving the disgusting lids on the garbage can. So the service sucks at this point already and I'm hoping that at least people will enjoy their food. Well, the both of the people who I bought the burgers for said it was mediocre at best and one even had a half patty on her bun. Awful. I do not recommend this place. And for the love of God please learn how to treat your customers!Microwaved burger, mediocre fries, crappy (somewhat rude service). If I were looking for McDonalds/Burger King quality food, I would seek it out and save some money. What a waste of 7 bucks.This review is for a love that began on a Tuesday afternoon between my belly and a very special roast beef po-boy.
It had been a long day, breakfast had been forgotten for hours and my belly had fallen in to a very dark place. We entered Frostop with the hope of a meal that would satisfy this hurting organ but we never foresaw what was about to happen.
The place was nearly empty. Inside you could see hints of an old style dinner that had lost its flare and was now riddled by flies and sketchy cleaning rituals.But non of this mattered, the nice lady that took our orders became the mastermind behind what was to become a culinary affair. 
We sat a and waited, not too long, maybe 5 minutes and then wrapped in what seemed to be a giant burrito came my roast beef po-boy. Words could not describe how good this sandwich was. Greasy, filled with mayo and lettuce the roast beef was magical. Accompanying  this culinary masterpiece was an order of waffle fries. Perfectly done and sprinkled with red pepper, they where the perfect companion for what had been an epic love affair for the ages.
We left Frostop full and happy with a bit of that nostalgia that comes from driving away from that special someone and the hope of coming back someday.Thought the Jr. Loto was quite tasty. Not gourmet, but what do you expect for $2.99. 
And c'mon, waffle fries? When was the last time you had those? Nostalgia for Mr. Hero's compelled me to order those. Did they even have Mr. Hero's south of the Mason Dixon? Now that was a greasy joint! 
Topped it off with a rootbeer float. A great dive-y ambiance that you just don't find often enough anymore.My bf grew up in NoLA and he used to come here with his family.  It is definitely a cute place.
We ordered a roast beef po boy "dressed" and a hamburger po boy and a large fry.
The fries were not even average enough to eat.  I would not recommend the hamburger po boy.
It was my first time partaking in a roast beef po boy in the "dressed" style and I did not know what I was getting into.  It was absolutely delicious smothered in gravy and I finally understood why the bread on a po boy is so important.  But while delicious, I went into a food comma and ended up taking a two hour nap and the rest of the night I felt like I was in a gravy hangover.
I'd go back, but I'd try to limit my greasy intake.With all the new fancy burger joints in town the ol Frostop still stands out.  You can have your true company smash whatever burger. Teds is a blast from the past and still doing what they do best.  It's grilled ground beef people, and Teds Frostop knows how it's done. I enjoy the no frills, back in the day atmosphere, and the food is pretty damn good too. If your in the mood for a burger, shake, and fries and dont want to spend 20 bucks to get it then hit up the Frostop.  You wont be dissapointed.This was a hidden gem. Amazing burgers at just the right time. In the Mecca of food that New Orleans is, I'll be back here.Breakfast was great!
Hubby has eggs sausage and potatoes. I
Had eggs shrimp and grits which were pretty yummy. We could not eat all our portions. Ambiance is very 1960's burger joint decor. Great to bring kids as they hVe some vintage type pinball machinesBreakfast was great!
Hubby has eggs sausage and potatoes. I
Had eggs shrimp and grits which were pretty yummy. We could not eat all our portions. Ambiance is very 1960's burger joint decor. Great to bring kids as they hVe some vintage type pinball machinesGreat place to eat. Really good burgers. Very friendly environment. Perfect before a University of Tulane baseball game!This place is vintage diner all the way. Loved the atmosphere. The people working there were very kind. The locals arriving, the banter back and forth was just fun to watch. I love down home local spots and this is just the place. I was visiting from California and this is my first trip to New Orleans and Teds was recommended by a local so we checked it out.  Food was good. Typical diner food. But what made this place for me was the atmosphere. Good food. Great people and a trip down memory lane.This is one of those old school burger joints that create their amazing burgers with special sauce!  Their service is great and they call your order by name.  They have their own special caffeine free root beer that is overly foamy and to die for! I wish they were open later as I'm always craving the food then realize their closed.  But truly amazing old school burgers! Wish they had better selection of fries, a curly fry would be a great addition to this place.Ted's Frostop has the best burgers in town hands down. The Double Lotto Burger is like a kiss from Heaven. Also, the onions rings taste great.Frostop serves good, solid food. It isn't gourmet, though, so you shouldn't expect a "grilled to perfection" prime beef burger. There are definitely better burger joints around, but if you need a quick, if predictable, burger meal, Frostop will certainly suffice. 
As an alternative to the major fast food joints, Frostop definitely shines -- just don't expect to be floored.Always a great stop for anything on the menu. Still a great old school spot that I love coming to with my honey. Everything is cooked fresh, and it's so fast. No reason to eat "fast food" when you can just stop here! The shrimp poyboy is my favorite option for regular menu and the shrimp and grits is my favorite option for breakfast. Best part: Service is top notch because they really care here. Second best part: mugs for root beer.These people should close with the sorry attitude they have. The food is mediocre. I've tried eating here for years and every time I go back I find the attitude is so bad. They act as if you are doing them a favor doing business with them. Don't bother if I could give them negative I would. Oh btw if you are a regular you might get better service. Maybe.Ok so they have repaired and put the giant mug back up and it is once again working.  They have brought back the signature Frostop root beer and use real glass mugs to serve it in.  They seemed to have gotten much more pleasant staff and the super bad attitude employee was not there.  The food is still the same and a bit overpriced for the fast food quality that it clearly is with a few local flavor and breakfast options that kick it up a bit.  They had a gross roof/ceiling leak dripping all over the place when I was there so they still have some work to do.  I hope they continue with their repairs and get this place back to the classic place it has the potential to be.Very friendly and fast. Delicious burger! Love the rootbeer and cream soda. Great legacy of the 50s.Super great atmosphere, very close to Tulane. All of the workers were very kind and courteous. Would definitely recommend to someone visiting!This is my first time eating at Ted's. I sit at a table and the bus guy told me you had to order at the Front counter top so I did. Larry the bus guy was really nice. I notice he was talking to me but there was a tree that stayed on the table my friend who is with me is a service so he just did a kayak and removed from our table and put it where I belong. I also noticed a lady at another table had to put up her own tree as well. The breakfast was really simple and basic nothing special. I'm willing to check out there bro this is my friend told me they have great burgers. I like the fact that it did have a true diner feel from the music and the decour.Excellent burger and onions rings and a root beer of course ! . Terrific service . Cashier very friendly 
 Can't wait to go backGreat people good food. You can't go wrong. Get a burger and a root beer, its the perfect combination.Sadly this formerly fantastic chain has been in a long slow decline and I believe this is the last one left standing in New Orleans (I think there is still a GOOD one in LaPlace http://www.laplace-frostop.com/index.htm).  The food and service have been on a drastic slide down ever since Katrina.  There is one employee that is just beyond any type of bad attitude and rudeness I've EVER seen anywhere.  They have some unique New Orleans and breakfast options available in addition what you might expect from their fast food burger selection.  They used to make their own famously great root beer served in a frosty mug but now all you get is Barq's in a styrofoam cup (I did hear they have recently started serving the old formula again but I haven't been back to confirm).  The last time I drove past it looked like they had even removed the long standing, upside down, giant, rootbeer mug.  I used to really enjoy the unique experience of eating here but after many attempts with all bad experiences since Katrina I just can't see going back to the miserable place it has become.If you plan on going to a fast food joint for a kid's meal, don't. Frostop has great deals on kids combos, with free drink AND ice cream. The burgers are as good as any diner, and the fries are great too. All the arcade games are free, so expect your kids to have a much better time and meal than they would at McDonalds.Wouldn't change a thing!
I agree that this is more a place of nostalgia than anything, but the cheeseburger was exactly what I had hoped for, as were the crinkle cut fries. It is nothing fancy, but the rootbeer is great,  and the food is served at the right speed.
Very casual, and a great place to bring kids after school, as seemed to be the norm when I was there around 4:00 PM.Only reason I came was because my friends dragged me here. Didn't go in with great expectations and my prediction was correct. 
I imagined a sit-down diner, but instead it's basically a few breakfast items and burgers. The pancakes looked tasty, but I went for the burger and onion rings as most people recommend that on Yelp. Unfortunately, neither item was good. The grilled onions on my burger were abysmal and I ended up removing them all. The burger itself was just okay, bun was hella soggy. The onion rings tasted like your standard frozen onion rings. The only decent item was the milkshake. The service itself was also fine. 
The biggest issue is that I'm writing this review on the toilet as my stomach suffers the agony of the grease piled onto my burger. On to the next!omg I love this place!! theyre down the street from me and they were actually open on Lundi Gras/Presidents Day while it was freezing/raining. Not only was it really not even crowded but the staff was oh so very very polite!! They have hands down The Best chocolate and strawberry milkshakes and RB floats. today I got the chicken strip basket w fries. omg it was so good I usually don't even eat food like that but it was soo good and fresh and hotI highly recommend this place to anyone w great taste and a great appetite!! it even has that old timey diner feel to it!!