Super slow slow slow cook. Great bar otherwise. Need better service. Wish I could review the food. But 42 minutes for nachos and still not to arrive for another 5 min equals cancelled order. Lame. Nice bartender though.Amazing sports bar!!  Super accommodating in the games we were trying to watch even though it wasn't a popular game. Please come and support this bar/restaurant!!!  The bartender, Kat, was wonderful!  And the manager, Jim was the best!!!  Made our experience and we will definitely return. Great place to visit while in NOLA!!!What can I say except cheese wiz. The mac and cheese tasted like they just dumped the noodles in cheese whiz, gross. The nachos were just chips in cheese wiz not terrible if they cost 2 dollars and you are in a college dorm. Besides that the atmosphere was fine but you can find a better place to eat.Great place to watch the game! Fried pickles are made fresh not frozen!  I also had the black and blue burger.  Might have been the best I've ever had. Blue cheese was amazing and the buns was as good as you can find.Such a great time here during our visit!! Loved the bartender, Jonathan!
I dragged my friend here to catch a football game, and while the match was disappointing, the bar was great! I think it benefits from not being on Bourbon, because the crowd was great. Not wild and crazy, but fun and lively. From what I saw there was a healthy mix of tourists and locals alike, and many people were there to catch the March Madness mayhem. There were plenty of TV's and they were broadcasting all the sports matches anyone could want.
We chilled by the bar for most of the day while waiting for our friend to join us, and all the while made friends with other patrons and Jonathan. He was easily the best bartender there and knew what he was doing. I can't stress just how great he was at his job - made awesome drinks, also made sure everyone got their drinks, kept the bar area in control, and was a really nice and funny person to talk with. I don't really have much to say about the other bartenders because one was on the other side of the bar so I didn't get to interact with her, and the other one had just started working that day. Props to her, though, to make St Patrick's day her first day at the bar. Found out on our next day back that another bartender was a wreck and drank too much on the job, though. :/
I wasn't a fan of the food here but I think that's just because I was picky? My friends loved it all.
The bathrooms - can't vouch for the men's room, but the women's restroom was spacious, and clean, which isn't something you can say in most bars. 
If we come back to New Orleans we'll definitely make a pit stop here!Service was good. Food was mediocre at best. TV's and set up was probably the best part.Consistently the best sports bar in the Quarter since it opened last year and getting better.  We started going just for games but we find ourselves there more and more.  Best tvs.  Great bartenders and service.   Good bar food,    Best wrap around balcony in the lower quarter.    Very nice job on the remodel.   It's simply excellent.   Nice upstairs and down and great outside tables if the game is not your passion.This is as great a menu fare for a bar as you can find around   The chef is very talented and the menu is not your ordinary bar food.. . it's bar food classed up.   Prices are very reasonable.  I've been there several times.  Favorites are the beet salad. . huge and tasty, the burgers are great and served in numerous combinations from classic to gourmet.  The meat is seasoned and cooked to perfection.. . The buns, while fresh and tasty don't hold up as well, but you aren't there for the bread.   I had the chicken. . tender, juicy and flavorful.  The bar is clean, well decorated and friendly.   As far as beers and liquors, great choices at reasonable prices.  It's nice to have such a classy place to watch the game on the lower end of the Quarter.   I highly recommend this place.  .especially as it's one of the few bars in the Quarter that doesn't allow smoking.  Just step outside if you do, and step inside if you want to get away from it.  Keep up the good work.Great location in the French Quarter and always a good mix between tourists and locals.  Lotsa TVs with the games of the day on and a staff that I think wants to do well but unfortunately my last 3 visits have been disappointing.  Recent food order was to go, sat on the counter for 10 mins and when I asked and reminded it was to go, it still sat there.  Customers are also go ignored for extended periods i.e. 20 plus munutes, if the bartenders are engaged in social conversations with friends.I'm not one to be shitty with reviews but this place was truly disappointing for me at least! So went in with a group of friends everyone else seemed to have an enjoyable drinks at least. The place wasn't busy at all as a matter fact it was in the middle of a downpour. Everyone pretty much ordered beers I thought I'd go out on a limb and order a double rum and coke. The person I was sitting with also said that sounds good I'll do the same. Now once again being a restaurant professional for 23+ years I sit and observe when I go out it's what we do. I felt so bad for our server who said it was only her third day. This poor kid was running around the entire bar not even knowing what she was trying to make while the bartender stood at the end bullshitting with what looked like employees or friends. 
When we got our rum and cokes I took two sips looked at my friend and said dude this is straight Coke. Now mind you I'm not an asshole so I didn't make a scene I just simply asked our server can you put a rum in the rum and Coke. The manager came out who was totally cool and said hey guys I'm sorry about what happened let me make a new drinks. I said listen I get it but when she brought the drinks back it really tasted no different than the first ones. 
One reason I'm giving this crappy rating is I watched the "bartender" give half cup shots to other people sitting at the bar while I sat and drink a soda!!! I mean seriously when you walk into a bar with 10 people you should probably really try to take care of those people instead of your dildo friends drinking PBR at the bar. I mean I'm just saying!!! Other than the crappy service and the lazy bartender the place has a good atmosphere just not sure if I happen to be there on the wrong day. Also the bartender seemed more concerned with the fistfight that was happening outside across the street then taking care of her patrons. That's the only thing you guys need to remember not everybody is a dumb tourist just visiting the city! 
I want to say thank you to Robert the owner for reaching out to me about said bartender. I sincerely appreciate it and I'm glad you received similar feedback. You have two great of a place to allow someone like that to destroy your reputation. I will definitely be back and recommend you to my friends in the future!Great (clean) sports bar!!  They have plenty of TVs so everyone can watch their games.  The owner was very nice and came by to talk to everyone.  The food is great (giant mozzarella sticks and LOADED fries) and the beers were cold.  I can't ask for more than that.  Great time here.I'm all about the experience and this place delivered. We wanted a good spot to catch the Hawks on Sunday night football. Rob greeted us right away, we had our drinks quickly and he played great music during the commercials while still being spot on getting the game sound back on. I'm so glad we ended up there, having previously sat in a bar down the street for 10 minutes with no greeting or drink order taken. Good atmosphere, lots of tvs and very friendly staff.Happen to find this gem by just walking around and so lucky we did. We watched all the morning games and part of the afternoon game. What I liked most about this sports bar was the size and how they had outside seating with multiple tvs. It was so gorgeous out, so I would watch some of the games inside and some outside. We also ordered the Buffalo hot wings and they were delicious. If your looking for a fun sports bar where the staff is friendly definitely come here.The bar wasn't even half packed and we placed our order on time and waited 45 minutes and never received our order.  We saw others who came and sat down after us receive their food. When we looked for our waitress she was bartending and said she would check on the order. We waited 5 more minutes didnt hear anything back so we told another waitress to cancel the order. The rudest and poorest service ever and it was after lunch time.This place is a hidden gem in the French Quarter. There is a beautiful balcony with plenty of seating including a chaise lounge, big comfy chairs, umbrellas for shade and even outdoor TVs lining the balcony. No other place like it!More bar than restaurant. Device was slow and drinks were over priced. There are much better bars and restaurants than here. Save your money and find a more authentic NOLA experience.This is my favorite place to watch games in New Orleans.  Every time I come here, I have a blast.  The owner is awesome. The service staff is great.  Solid bar food.  Also, every time I come here, my sports teams win!  What more can I ask for!  Btw, a lot of TV's!Killer bar and vibe. Great barkeep- checking all the time on quality and quantity. I totally recommend this bar. Great foods too!I don't give five stars lightly.  I give these guy 5 only because they are unique..  Yes there are a lot of bars in the french quarter..  Yes, it's easy to find good food.. Unless you are looking for buffalo wings !!  This is the only place I've found down here that gets them right, (and I spent 6 months looking)..  Their Thursday Crawfish boil is a great deal as well.. generous portions, great price (by comparison to others), and very tasty.
On another aspect, this is one of the cleanest places in the French Quarter.. Everything is shined up and you don't stick to the tables like they still have yesterdays beignets on them..  I smoke cigars so the no-smoking policy is an undesired uniqueness that I'm not crazy about but they have nice outdoor tables so everyone is happy.Stopped in last night to catch the Canelo vs GGG fight they had a 30$ cover upstairs to watch the fight which wasn't extremely bad it was mostly standing room only. Nothing much to really say here the wings were real good drinks relatively cheap good people good vibes.This sports bar was recommended to us by the bike rental place after hearing that we wanted to watch the Cardinals football game. We enjoyed the atmosphere, friendly staff, and the mix of locals and tourists.Cute, little sports bar with lots of tv's and they actually show UFC fights! I had the BBQ hamburger which surprised me was really good! My bf had a chicken sandwich which was equally yummy! Will go back next time we're in NOLA.Wow. This bar is amazing! The owner and the bartender Steve...just a perfect team. I legit cannot find a single thing to complain about. Being here watching a playoff game repping the Warriors I felt at home in my neighborhood bar. The food. The service. The drinks and the customers just makes this a go to place. Recommend this spot to anyone.This is a good place to watch a game (18 screens), and have some snacks. 
The burgers are made in-house, have seasonings and onions in them, and are generous. The BLT was good, and the house salad with grilled chicken was great.Great sports bar. Great atmosphere! Open air. Great 2nd floor balcony! We're often in town for college football. Shows every game. Great food! Personal service--even from the owner. Owner will make sure you know what screen will be showing your game. Great music played during commercials!Good atmosphere, but a bit loud.  Great place for rowdy fans.  The ladies may want to leave the guys there.It's our first time in New Orleans and we hear of this great weekday oyster special!  But when we get there, there's NO oysters. We wanted information on the boxing fight they were showing and the staff was not sure of any of the information . It's ok we'll get some appetizers while we sit and cool down but wait the kitchen is closed! We still decided to give this spot a second chance and bought tickets to see the boxing match. It was cool we got a table and tv for our small group. I really wanted to give this place a good review but the service was horrible I'm still waiting for my menu and drinks. We saw the waitress ONE time the whole night and never came back. Very disappointedWe got to this bar 2 hours before the start of a game 7 NHL team to secure our spot. We were assured we would get the game.  20 minutes before the start the channels reprogrammed on us and after several inquiries we were told that our game would not be available.   Very annoying and unacceptable. Forever dead to us. Bu-bye!Awesome place to watch football games in and near by the French Quarter. Huge Tv's which I loved and volume up high just the way I like it!  They not only have Giant T.Vs downstairs and upstairs but they have outdoor balcony seating where you're able to change the chanel to any game of your choosing.  
My only negative would be they had the Saints game playing on a little T.V on the back wall with no volume and had Broncos and Eagles on the giant T.V with volume. I thought that was weird considering we were in Saints country. Other than that great place to watch all games if you play fantasy football or are just a huge football fanatic. 
Drinks well priced,  wings hit the spot... cool place to watch all the games.Great place to watch a game! TVs all over the place!.. even upstairs. Friendly staff and good food. I had the Cobb salad with blackened chicken and fries for an appetizer. I strongly recommend the parm & truffle waffle fries. They are amazing!Visiting for New Years and the Sugar Bowl... looked on Yelp for a good spot to watch the games. This place had good reviews especially about the food so we decided to try it... hate that I couldn't give it more stars because the ambience is perfect for sports. TVs everywhere... the bartenders were great. unfortunately the food was bland... ordered cilantro lime wings and some fried pickles and jalapeños. The couple across from us ordered a burger, wings, chili cheese fries and nachos... they didn't eat much of their food either... I decided to ask their thoughts on the food in case it was my taste buds plus I would have ordered something else if they had raved about their food. Unfortunately they said the exact same thing but did say the regular fries were good. Never did find that duck sandwich...A S S. Bar catered to our football needs. Robert is a great guy/owner. We spent 11 hrs there and drank fireball until we all became gingers like the guy on the left. Papa was a proud boy at that bar. Great people. Cheers Robert!
-RiklesThis place is a disaster.  Waited 10 minutes before someone took our drink order.  Took another 10 minutes before the drinks arrived.  Ordered food when drinks came we ordered red beans and rice and a Cajun burger medium.  It took 35 minutes before the food came out.  This place was nowhere near crowded and the waiting was not isolated to us as I watched someone walk up and stand at an empty spot at the bar and after 10 minutes walked out with no drink.....  Oh and my 35 minute burger came out well done and was dry and tasteless.  I usually don't write reviews but this was such a bad experience I felt the need to warn everyone else!!Stopped by here a couple times for some football watching while on a business trip. Solid sports bar out of the way of the Bourbon st debauchery. Beer prices are decent and the selection is pretty great.Great service, food and drinks. Great experience for a first timer. Bartender came to table and thanked each party individually.Had such a fantastic time watching the Saints game here Sunday. The food was awesome and it was such a lively and cheerful crowd! I really enjoyed taking breaks to sit on the balcony overlooking the French quarter! Get the loaded cheese fries!!Visiting from out of town and was excited this place would play the Warriors game! Drinks very reasonably priced
The bartenders were awesome and nice but the owner was pompous and talked to us for 45 min about his high salary which seemed unnecessary and was off puttingGreat place to watch a game and the service is excellent.  The food was not good.  The nachos were brought out and the cheese wasn't even melted.  A repeat great drink prices and great place to watch a game but not so much with the food.If you are looking for a great, clean bar in the French Quarter to watch any sports game without the grimy Bourbon feel then this is the place to go! Located close to the French Market and Frenchmen! This is an awesome place for locals and where tourists can feel like a local!Had a great time hanging out at this place! I have been a few times before and sat on the balcony. This time we sat at the bar upstairs. The staff is wonderful and helpful, and they are also pretty funny. They go out of their way to make sure you are having a nice experience and cater to both locals and tourists alike. 
This is a great place if you just want to sit on a balcony and people watch, or if you want to sit at a bar and socialize. Downstairs is usually busy, but upstairs is always very pleasant. 
DEFINITELY worth going and hanging out for a while.This is a fantastic sports bar! They show all the day's games. The bar is smoke free and the staff is very friendly! The clientele is fun and respectful! They have a great selection of beers and the food is top notch bar fare! We had the wings with the garlic lime sauce and the Parmesan fries! If you're looking to find your local team with a great atmosphere, this is the place to go! Bree was our bartender and she took great care of my fiancé and me!Been to NOLA for 17 years...did the whole bourbon street, voodoo, Krystal burger, Mardi Gras thing..finally a normal fantastic sports bar catering to normal people, tourist or local...Robert and his staff are amazing, great food, great sports culture, very welcoming and will return every trip to Nola.Came here on our first day (a week ago) in New Orleans to scout it out ready for the McGregor fight and instantly fell in love! Our bartender Josh was fantastic and gave us a list of places locally to eat, hang out and checkout whilst in and around the Quarter.
They have heaps of TVs they play the sound of the game, we couldn't help ourselves but come back everyday to watch the NFL, Soccer and of course the fight! 
Also have a great selection of beers by the bottle and on draught as well as a couple of nice reds.Just left this place. I left specifically because the owner was waaaay too chatty. Give me a beer and leave me alone. He was friendly at first then it got out of hand. If it wasn't for him, it'd easily be a 4. Cleanest bar in the French quarter. Solid beer selection and plenty of TVs to watch sports. Usually right up my alley, but this guy was too much.First let me say sports bars aren't my regular 24/7 jam. 
But I reality wanted this spot to be my go to for games especially March Madness... I'm not in love and I'm not complaining. 
Here's the reality - the TV's are great and everywhere! That's what you want, right? And they are quick to change your TV for you to get you glued to the game you want to watch. 
The space is huge and has a lot of open door fresh air type of feel which is nice for those that want to remember that the outdoors still exist while watching the games. 
The kitchen provided some pretty decent bar food and with ample servings (though I still ate every french fry). 
The crowd was a nice balance of ages, backgrounds and energy levels - all with great positive vibes. 
Really the only downside that I saw was the service. It was unclear who was serving who and often we would wait in a not crowded bar for 5 minutes before anyone engaged with us. 
Overall I'll be there to watch some more games. And maybe it was just an off day.Came in to watch a Duke basketball game on Saturday afternoon and the owner?/manager? Graciously put on the game for me. Nice and attentive staff. I didn't get any food while I was there but the sliders looked delicious.  You could tell it was a good mix of locals and tourists excited for the Saints game to start in a few hours. 12 TVs!!!Wings were pretty solid, not spicy enough for my tastes.  Service was great.Came in the evening on 2/14 for a college basketball game since they had Big Ten Network. As you would expect this was not the place you take your valentine's date so it was slow except for a few regulars at the bar who were having a great time. 
PROs
-They were playing 90's hip hop which was unexpectedly awesome and as I was leaving it switched over to creedence clearwater revival. Almost wanted to stick around just for the vibe but alas, the quarter was calling
-Ordered the mozzerella sticks. should be called cheese logs. only got 4 but these things were massive. totally worth the money
-bartender was friendly and attentive
-bathroom was clean
CONs
-The guy outside playing saxophone. Normally probably great for ambiance most nights but not while i'm listening to tribe and trying to watch a gameThey have tvs on the patio which is awesome.  Though you feel like any second the patio can fall to the ground I kept watching to make sure we didn't break any weight limits.  Food was pretty greasy and drinks they seemed to be out of a lot.  Service was spotty at best but a neat place to watch some football.It's a really comfortable place to duck into and watch a game, but the draught selection leaves something to be desired, and the food is pretty meh, even by sports bar standards.
Great for a beer or two, but there are too many gems in NOLA to stay for a meal.First hangout spot after a long day and we were not disappointed.  We stayed 1 Block from here and just happened on it, so glad we did.  Staff, ambience, and drinks were spot on.  This is a must stopMade a reservation here for the Superbowl. I elected to sit outside like a dumbass because I thought it would be warmer as I agreed to it in the 65 degree daytime. That of course is no one's fault but my own.
The TV we were seated with had no sound, they also had already distributed a load of blankets to all the other table but we arrived late and they were out. The crayfish were average, I wouldn't come here strictly for crayfish and they were served to as room temperature.
I could see this place being more appealing at a different time of year but the fact that there was a cover charge and the fact that we had to watch the game with no sound was truly not worth it.By far the best sports bar we have ever been to!!! The staff is top notch, drinks are amazing and they opened up a whole other room for us to watch the Champions League game because downstairs was packed. HIGHLY recommend this bar!!!Great for sports events! Went here to watch WrestleMania. Service was great and good deals on drinks.Food was basic bar food ie wings, fries etc. I would suggest going here to watch a game or a match or something like that. Eat beforehand but drink a shit ton while you're thereGreat sports bar! Great service! Great prices! We enjoyed watching NFL playoffs  here!Watched the NCAA Championship game here and had a great time.  Great mix of locals and tourists that had the pleasure of an attentive staff and owner who made sure everyone had a great time.  This is the only bar I've ever been in that plays music during commercials of the main screen event!!!  What a great idea and was an opportunity for the crowd to interact and have fun.  Lots of T.V's, cold beer and easy going atmosphere for having a fun time.  Would recommend highly.Let me just say that the bartenders are terrific. They are very friendly, smile a lot, always there when you need them, give plenty of refills and even kept their promise to put our game on a big TV right in front of us. That being said the place has some issues. The food isn't very good. Everything but the burgers is deep fried and covered with cheese. The food is also way too salty. The burgers look good but I didn't want one and there is no local cuisine. They even deep fry red beans & rice! There is no Tobasco in the house! That's just crazy. The bathrooms downstairs are all singles and none of the locks work! I was walked n on twice even though they have signs asking you to knock first. How long would it take the manager to buy some sliding locks and install them? The place is so loud you can't hear anyone knock regardless. I walked in on someone after knocking. We met some fun people but there is one very loud and obnoxious regular who clapped and yelled for his Vikings through the entire game. I mean he clapped for second downs, for penalties, for injuries, for punts and even in-between plays non-stop. He is so lid I could hear him in the bathroom over all the other noise! He is also very profane and used the "F" word loudly. We are not prudes by any means and have spent a lifetime in bars of all kinds but he was just rude. He finally pissed off a woman routing for the Packers to the point where she told him to shut up. He called her some disgusting names so her husband  got mad and shoved him. The guy struck back and a fight ensued. The bartender broke it up and asked the couple to leave. He said Mr.  Obnoxious is a good guy! I beg to differ. He's a real jerk. Also, this is a Green Bay Packers bar for some reason. Their fans are very loud and overly adoring of their boys which gets old real fast. If you are rooting for another team it's hard to enjoy. Upstairs on the balcony is really cool but it was cold outside. There are no heaters but there is a TV for every table. I guess you have to watch every one to find your game but it's very cool. We left with upset stomachs and I think I lost 50% of my hearing in my right ear. Regardless, i would return on a non game day just to see the bartenders again. Cheers!Great service & food! LOVE the garlic & parm wings! AWESOME crawfish boil on Thursdays ( cheapest in FQ ).Highly disappointed in the service. The manager/owner is really nice, but had big issues controlling the staff and organizing for the Super Bowl party.  We reserved the table 2 days in advance, paid $200 in full, and the table was sold from under us due to disorganization. Apparently, there were others that had the same issue. One comment from the wait staff was "I have a million other things to do."  I get it, but a party of size should have much better organization. Shame, too as the food looked good.The weakest drink in New Orleans . Cost 6.00 bucks guess they thought we were tourist .....Ordered mozzarella sticks and I'm pretty sure it was monterrey jack fried in a light fish batter. Terrible. And when I told the bartender I couldn't eat it he didn't say anything and proceeded to ignore me for about 15 minutes. I was one of 3 people in the bar.  Finally,  being done with the waiting game he apparently was playing,  I approached him about the food and the waiting to be acknowledged. He said he couldn't refund me but he'd tell the kitchen I didn't like the food. I won't be going back anytime soon and neither should you.Looked the sports bars up on yelp in the Quarter because it's the start of the ACC tourney.   Walked to check out and was not disappointed.  Ryan was the bartender and was so accommodating.   Turned music off had us scoot down and turned game sound on!!! This is "the" sports bar to go in the French quarter.   Food- pretty much bar food---wings salads truffle fries nachosThe quarter needed a good sports bar and one that served food. This place has a lot of good TVs and all the sports packages. It's a nice addition. Food quality is average but hey its a sports bar. It Would be nice if they added some vegetarian food options.Absolutely terrible experience! Our out of town group of 13 visited here to watch a football and baseball game. Were sat upstairs and waited for over 10 minutes for a server. She explained there was a party of 50 she was also waiting on. We understood. But for a full room of 50 other customers, including our group there were just two servers. Waited over 30 minutes for our drink order after going up to the bar to inquire and get ourselves. We placed a food order that took over 1.5 hours to receive. The food that was brought out was overcooked and half the order was incorrect. We asked to speak to a manager, knowing it was not the servers fault and the part-owner of the restaurant came over who agreed to comp 5 of our 13 meals and never apologized. He went and sat back down at the bar to continue playing on his phone while just the two servers handled over 100 people. At least 3 of us spoke to this owner while he never apologized or provided any sort of customer service whatsoever. We felt terrible for his servers. Will never return to this place again. Avoid at all costs and seek out a different alternative to watch your game.I wandered down to the French quarter to watch a hockey game and voila (no pun intended) this bar and I met. Outstanding!  First, the bartendresses (sp?) were awesome, beautiful, and super attentive. Becca, coco, and Kristi. To name names. Second, being mostly a Yankee I don't know how to eat crawdaddys properly. Becca showed me how. That's right. I got a crawdaddy eating lesson at American sports saloon. I would call that above and beyond the call of duty!!!!  So if you are headed to the French quarter, this should be one place on your list. Love this spot.  Go early. Go often.It was girls weekend in New Orleans during Memorial weekend! Everyone was into the ghost, vampires and let's learn how to cast spells. So we go into this witch boutique and one of the girls brings us drinks from the bar across the street ( American Sports Saloon). Perfect timing! Well, of course it pours down rain and some of us made a run for it back to the bar. The bartender was AWESOME! (Dark skin, un-button button up, bald head with a genuine smile.) He checked our ID's and thought I looked much younger than my age. The compliment made my day! He poured the best drinks we had during the whole trip. He noticed I was watching a baseball game on one TV and he put that game on a TV closer to me. So the next day we walk by again and he comes running out and says "I need to see your ID". I couldn't believe he remembered me. But it's the little things in life that make your day and he certainly did. I wish I new his name to send him a personal thank you for taking such good care of us!Service is poor!  Save yourself some time and hit another place in the FQ.Friendly staff. Decent food (recommend the jalapeno burger). Exactly what we were looking forWent to this bar today, and Rachel was the best bartender I've ever met in my entire life. My time at this bar was made by her. She did an amazing job it seemed like she had 8 arms!!They played Michigan fight song to troll OSU fans whenever we got scored on. Michigan wasn't even playing. I was so tilted I almost flipped some tables and self-immolated.American Sports Saloon is the best sports spot in the Quarter. I live here and I know! Great food, cold beer and lots of TV's.  The recent negative reviews are the result of management asking a specific group of  people to leave a few days ago due to their uncleanly appearance, and the fact they  commandeered two tables , sat down with food and drink from outside with no intention of buying a thing. Had nothing to do with tattoos (I and my friends have many visible tattoos and dine there often) . The people who are talking sh*t about a restaurant they have never been to should be ashamed of themselves. American Sports Saloon rocks solid and indiscriminately. If you are there to buy, they are there to serve you happily. Go see for yourself before you shoot your hater mouth off!Terrible service. Out of their drink ingredients on a Saturday afternoon. Had to ask them to put on a playoff game (this is a sports bar). A characterless tourist trap. Avoid.Jamison, bartender, BROUGHT THE BOOZE!! He's awesome! The Ass bar, lol, is LUCKY to have him!Great place to go if you are a Patriots fan.  Food was average, standard bar fare, but the upstairs bare had great service and sound turned on for football game.Top sports bar in New Orleans! 
No matter who your team is or what your sport is you will find it here!
Great crowds, fun atmosphere, awesome staff! 
Amazingly found a University of Utah football game along with a crowd of fans here!
Highly recommend this bar for good food, drinks, and people!Best bar in the quarter to watch sports. Plenty of elbow room, TVs on the balcony, great service. Can't think of a better place to watch the Cubs go to the World Series. #WThis place has it all. Great ambiance, awesome staff, great beer selection and food that is above and beyond your average bar food. We stumbled upon this place Thanksgiving Day looking for a place to watch the game and to grab a bite. The bartender Rosalie welcomed us with open arms and took great care of us all day. We will make this a stop every time we come to the quarter and can't wait to send our friends here that are coming to NOLA next month!We visited the American Sports Saloon over the Veteran's Day holiday from Spokane.  The food was great, and the employees were friendly and attentive.  The owner went above and beyond to find our games, which wasn't easy.  WSU, the Zags AND the Portland Trailblazers, he found them all.  If you are in town and are looking for a place that is fun to visit, the food is good, and you want to find your hometown game, this is it.  I highly recommend the American Saloon.Watched the Warriors @ Houston game and had a ball. My aunt who was ill, was taken care of by the bartender with all you drink ginger ale. Went back to the bar twice after and was served by Sean  who made us some bomb bloody Mary's with a side of southern hospitality. Wish I got his # to personally thank him. THANK YOU The TV's on top balcony were LIFE!!! Warriors won that night  food was delicious as well.This is a great place located in the French quarter. This is pretty much the quintessential sports bar with a ton of TVs blasting college football games and a bunch of high quality brew on draft for there or to go, like pretty much everyplace in New Orleans. The bathroom is SUPER small here and the door is rather difficult to open. Honestly, this place actually worked quite well for me as it is located very near the food portion of the French Market. Grab a beer here and head over to the French market for some fried goodness. Mmmmm