Nice casual little pit stop to have a sandwich. Definitely a big sandwich and I shared one with my sister. Friendly owner who recommended some other places to visit and eat at.Had a great lunch at The Little Easy!  The PoBoy was very tasty, and we had a creative combined Gumbo/Jambalaya dish that was delicious!  The  owner came and chatted with us and made us feel very welcome! Great spot!1. WHERE IS KAT?!?!?
2. My group and I have been going for about a little over a month now to every lobster night. We'd order additional food and have drinks and shoot the shit with Kat. I would reserve for the group via Facebook cuz I was never really successful at getting anyone on the phone. This past Monday was the first time Kat was not there.  Now last week after coming off a week (Mon to Sun) of a week long birthday celebration, we didn't have a typical Monday of drinks and additional food. We ordered sodas and juices because we just needed a break from alcohol. One person in our party did purchase margaritas. Sooo Ryan refilled one person in my party coca cola. I asked that he refill my Cran/Pineapple juice. He states, "I'm going to start having to do a 1 drink minimum on Lobster Night because the lobsters are killing us." He isnt usually there on a Monday to know what we actually spend on food AND drinks. I didnt make a big deal about it. My party and I almost cancelled the ordered (7 lobsters) and went to Turtle Bay for steaks because of the statement. We stayed because we like T (the cook). She is such a sweetheart. We are served our lobsters ($12, not double tail. Didn't know double tailed lobster was an option.) and they were just off from other Monday nights we've been. They were cold and weren't as juicy. One person opted to have her lobster reheated while others just ate them because we spent a great deal of time waiting on everyone else to arrive. While eating a customer was leaving and states, "I'm not coming back here since Kat is gone. This guy is an asshole!" I sympathized with her because the experience was totally different. 
3. What happened to the $5 specials? Why was it discontinued?
4. Ryan will be the reason you lose repeat customers. He lacks personality and comments like "1 drink minimum" wasn't the time or place because people arent buying enough drinks. Well isn't it Lobster Night?
5. Bring KAT back to Monday's. I'll b back then. Otherwise, its been a pleasure. We (my entire group and referrals) can take our money elsewhere.Really great service and awesome food with the bartender was amazing she even recommended some really great placesThe VIP tickets for Mardi Gras Events are a joke. Nothing VIP at all about it. We had to stand in line with people from the street to get a cocktail. Food was terrible. Cocktails made from a mix and the beer was bud light or Miller lite.... seriously.....The worst $60 for a "VIP" experience.Went here for lunch on a whim.   What a pleasant surprise.  They have the best pressed sandwiches.  I ordered the Italian pressed sandwich.  Was not disappointed!!  I rarely eat an entire sandwich....I did this time!  Can't wait to go back and try another!Had a nice evening at this cozy bar. Sandwich was good, Purple haze beer was even better. The owner and bartender were very friendly.Stopped in on Christmas, while wandering around looking for something open for dinner other than a Chinese restaurant :)
The Sausage Po Boy was good, as was the red beans and Jambalaya. Several drinks later and after making a few new friends, we all agreed it was a great place.We stumbled in after Mardi Gras parade. Pleasantly surprised! Food was Awesome! Owner was friendly, girl at bar took our order, and made sure we were taken care of! Due to Mardi Gras they had a Bathroom patrol, wanted to see my wrist band ?&$@?, but I waived down bar girl who authorized my passage.  Wow! Very clean! And well maintained restrooms!! We took advertisements the owner gave us to our Hotel (Embassy Suites, on Julia) for more customers information on new place to eat nearby.
We will definitely revisit!  That macaroni and cheese, just out of this world!!New Orleans native here. Now residing in Orlando,FL (I know, one of the few to ever leave). Came in town with friends for the National Championship (GEAUX TIGERS!). We stopped by the Little Easy on the Sunday before the game to get some sustenance before our walk to the quarter. Whenever I visit, I'm always looking for that good New Orleans cooking I'm missing here in Florida and The Little Easy did NOT disappoint! The owner Brian was there and he was very welcoming and hospitable, in true New Orleans fashion. NFL playoffs were on and this place has plenty of TVs with no bad seat to watch the games. We started out with the stuffed artichoke for an appetizer, and, not gonna lie, it tasted just like my mommas. That's not a phrase I throw around lightly. Delicious! We each then ordered one of their pressed poboys. To be honest, I was a little skeptical because I love a good old fashioned poboy, but each one of them was delicious! It's a fun twist on the sandwiches we all know and love. It doesn't hurt they throw in a bag of Zapp's chips to enjoy. Overall, we had a great time and a great meal at the Little Easy! Definitely worth checking out, whether you want an ice cold Abita to watch the game, a delicious sandwich on your lunch break, or a fun dinner date with your significant other!When we were walking back for the WW2 museum, we wanted to grab a couple of po boys.  We took a quick look and saw this place was supposed to have good ones.  Well, I should have read the reviews more carefully.  The sandwiches we had were good, but even though they call them pressed po boys, from where I'm from it's much closer to a panini. We had the sausage and the roast beef.  Both were good, but if you are looking for a more traditional po boy, I would look else where.  But if you want a good pressed sandwich, this place will do.1) so cheap. 2) owner & staff are engaging and enjoyable. 3) holy moley the pressed poboy (meatball and hot sausage) were so delicious. This place deserves every star.Spend the entire afternoon here with a good group of friends. They literally gave us the best the hospitality even during the the rush of crowds. Great service.Great location, food and ambience. Hospitality is fantastic and the food is amazing. I'm in town for the national championship and decided to give it a try. Highly recommend it and it's a must try for authentic Louisiana cuisine. DanAn awesome little spot with great food. The owner is a good friendly guy. If you want a fun spot to have drinks and good food definitely swing in here.Stopped in after seeing the great Yelp reviews. Greeted by the owner Brian, very pleasant. 
Had the Cuban and Cajun dip po boys. Awesome. 
Staff was very friendly. Will definitely stop back in.I had the trio with Gumbo, Red Beans, and Shrimp Creole since they were out of Jambalaya.  It was excellent.  Also had the Mac and Cheese with roast beef and gravy....outstanding. Great food!!! Will definitely return.Divy bar but awesome food. The gumbo is out of this world, just request some bread to go with it.I came here for Trivia night & y'all let me tell you, the trivia host was AMAZING & i didn't feel silly for getting 6 out of 15 points .. they treat you like
Family even if it's your first time.. the shots are HUGGGe.... oh and the Cajun dip is DELISHIOUS .. thanks Savannah ( the bartender ) for an AWESOME time.Great food and great service. Awesome  place to visit. Owner of the establishment c as me over and made us feel at home. I suggest you try it if you are in New Orleans!Great place to go..... clean, great friendly service, and an AWESOME meatball Pressed Po-Boy was spot on!! Meatballs were beef and pork...you gotta try it! The baked Mac n cheese hit the spot!! We will be back next time we are in New Orleans !I had a good experience here and the food was great! It was a nice, non-crowded spot to grab some local food and watch a game. The bartender was really kind and took the time to get to know each of her customers. I would definitely visit again if I come back to town!Came here for lunch and ordered the honey glazed wings. I like the skinny fries they serve and that honey sauce is amazing! I dipped all my fries in it. The wings were so big, I doubt they can be called wings at this point. I asked for them fried hard, but they were not. 3 stars is for that yummy sauce and the inside looks like a fun little spot to have a drink and catch a game. The bartender was very nice also, wanted to add that in.It was our second night in New Orleans. We were looking for some "fine dining" in downtown, but since we never made reservations, the wait was too long (nothing less than 1 hour and 45 minutes!) We ended in this place. And what a surprise!! Excellent service, atmosphere,attitude and most of all, kindness!! No regrets!!Good daiquiris and great atmosphere. I went twice in one day as other places taste different at other times. Easy's was consistent. Look for Gucci lolI applaud them for being open on New Year's day and having $2 off on the poboys. This is a cozy spot for drinks with friends, some tasty appetizers, and local foods. The servers were super friendly and even struck up conversation on where the folks dining here are from. We got a meatball poboy which came with cheeses, a quite sweet marinara sauce, and homemade meatballs; and a side of chips. We also got the shrimp and grits which was very well seasoned. They also play football games on the TV so that was nice. I would highly recommend here for a quick snack or lunch over the more expensive spots in French Quarter.We popped in to this great little spot while visiting New Orleans from Los Angeles because we were sightseeing in the neighborhood and needed a snack. But it was so comfortable and the food was so great that we ate a whole meal. The spinach dip was delicious. The chef salad was so fresh and huge. The chicken noodle soup was yummy. But the meatball po-boy sandwich was the best. I will be wishing for another bite of one of those for a long time. We'll be back to this place on our next visit to New Orleans!Great place.  Owner and bartenders are excellent.  Good food.  Outdoor space.  Good Vibes for football or happy hourBrian is probably the coolest bar owner in NOLA and this place is his baby-he takes care of people and makes everyone feel like family. 
They have tasty bar food options (crawfish nachos are pretty good, also sandwiches and other standard faire), and all your basic drink options. Prices are a touch high for a small dive bar (I.e. $5.50 for a corona), but especially during COVID when you can barely find a place to go at all-this place is so welcoming and makes things feel almost normal again. We actually held a small birthday party for a friend a while back and Brian allowed us to come in and decorate the place at no charge. 
They have a small outdoor patio area with giant Jenga and connect four in the back, with a few TVs out there as well, There's also a ton of TV's inside in case you want to catch a game-because sports have started again baby! :)I am a local who lives in the neighborhood. I stopped in last night for a pressed po-boy and WOW, was it delicious. I had the Cajun dip. The owner, Brian, was there and introduced himself and the staff. Super friendly place, great service and the po-boy was outstanding. I will definitely be back.We loved this place! We came in search of yummy sandwiches and did not leave disappointed. I ordered the Dirty Turkey Po Boy and my husband the meatball. The meal was delicious and we also got the mac and cheese side order. The bread is crispy and both sandwiches were so good! This place also has a full bar. Overall a wonderful little place for lunch, dinner or a drink.We were in NOLA during covid Mardi Gras.  This little gem was wonderful.  Great muffuletta sandwich, nice wine, and a friendly and welcoming bartender.  Although we were only in town a few days, we went back to The Little Easy on our last night because of the warm welcome and nice atmosphere.Omg so amazing! Came here on the first day opening. I got the "Dirty Turkey" pressed poboy. Perfectly cooked with so much flavor! Also got the corn and crab soup, and crawfish nacho. Everything is fresh and homemade! Will be back soon.I have been accused to being the big easy so it was a pleasure to find my sister in crime ~ the Little Easy.  I think it was the right time for the right mood.  I was in a fancy hotel and ready for some typical New Orleans fare (poboys) without the richboy price.  I was not sure whether it had more of a dive bar feel than a restaurant but either way the lunch hit the spot and I was pleased with my find.  This is in the emerging warehouse district so you can load up on carbs before you hit the galleries.Accurate descriptions from the reviews. Typical local neighborhood dive bar. Everyone knew everyone. Food was reasonable but I expected a place known for poor boys to have a traditional shrimp offering. (Minus one star) would go back for the crowd and bartender.Ordered my food for pick up from DoorDash and when I got there the woman at the bar told me that they don't use DoorDash. She didn't ask if I still wanted anything she just told me I would have to cancel my order. The food looked good and I probably would have still eaten here but I wasn't given that option.Place opened up close to where we stay in Nola and was excited to give it a shot. Little hole in the wall bar, not a lot of seating. So the staff and owner A plus. Without question. Great service. Owner checked on us multiple times. Good though wasn't very good. We got a couple "PO boys" they were just pressed sandwiches. Wouldn't eat there again. Maybe their other dishes are good. Also their "philly" cheese steak is. Roast beef sandwich. That was kinda messed up. Anyway. Hope their other stuff is good.Amazing food that is only surpassed by their wonderful service. Would recommend to anyone in the area!We are in town for a conference and found this hole in the wall gem. A great spot for lunch.  The find and service was great.  The waitress was outstanding.Went for a Beef Po boy and a Bloody Mary - both were excellent. Friendly staff offering a warm welcome. Highly recommendedWe needed a place to delivery to our hotel after a very long day of walking through the city. We called The Little Easy hoping they would be able to do this! The owner made a special trip to our hotel to accommodate this request. We had a very large order for 8 people in which all meals were made correctly, timely and DELICIOUS. 10/10 would recommend and visit again when I am back in town! The Cajun dip poboy definitely worth the trip back in to NOLA!Came to NOLA for the Sugar Bowl game and ended up at The Little Easy down the street. Great Service, amazing PoBoy! Meat Ball was my favorite!Stopped in for a quick bite and had the debris Po boy and a bloody Mary. So tasty. Great food, drink, and great bartender. 10/10 will come back.I've been a semi-regular here for about a year now & the already-curt bartender just charged me $9 for a single tall well drink when it's usually 5 or 6. Gross service, I was already on the fence about this spot because they've had questionable COVID/mask protocols in place but now I know to stick to literally anywhere else in the CBD.What a great addition to the neighborhood! Been watching it come together over the last few months and so glad we popped in for a spur of the moment dinner. The food was excellent, the drinks were great and the service stellar. Highly recommend for casual low key evening.Saw this spot on Yelp, we were tired and hungry and waiting to eat in quarter was ridiculous. So I called and asked if there was a wait she said no,  we hoped in the car and parked right in front. It's a small bar but they had a few tables outside. Monday's special was Red Beans and rice and fried chicken. I got that since they didn't have shrimp poboys. I was pleasantly surprised, it was good and flavorful. The fried chicken wings were fresh and hot. They were very tiny though reminded me of Cornish hen wings! But they were good. It was just enough for lunch that kept me full all day. This is a hidden gem, I'd check them out if you want some place low key and casual.So disappointed. We ordered food for delivery and didn't hear from them that they canceled the order until 45 minutes later, when we were expecting our food any minute!  We could have ordered from some place else, but they rudely ignored us.Great little dive bar with food on an upscale street in the artsy area of the Warehouse District.  Seems to be a mix of regulars with quite a few tourists but I decided to stop in for the first time since I had booked a haircut nearby.  Not sure I agree with the "pressed poboy" nomenclature but the sandwiches are pretty good and the gumbo was also quite good despite being very difficult to eat with the provided tiny plastic spoon in a takeout "plastic cutlery" package.  It ain't fancy, but for most people The Little Easy will be an enjoyable visit and even pretty good food if you're inclined.  Can't say I would come here on Date Night but I definitely expect to be back.Maybe an off experience but we had really bad service, and the food was fairly average. It wasn't crowded when we arrived, but The only person who seemed to be working at the time was the bartender. He barely acknowledged our party & appeared inconvenienced that we walked in. He sort of tossed a few menus at us & left. We ultimately wrote down what we wanted & handed him our list. Menu options are quite limited, still, due to COVID. Perhaps a better place to just grab drinks?Bartender was very rude! We spent a lot of money on drinks and music and on the way out she slammed the door behind us. We tried to make the best of it and they basically forced us out. AvoidI stopped by here after a Saints game when the sign caught my attention.  The original home of La Casita has found a tenant I think has alot of possibility.  I had the Cuban Sandwich which was tasty and a decent size.  I got the Mac n cheese to go along with it.  That reminded me of the awesome one you can get at Rocky N Carlos.  The place also has a full service bar and a patio in the back.  I'm curious to see how this new sandwich shop does in the CBD Warehouse Dist.  I recommend it.55 minutes later (1:20pm) my 2 po-boys are still "coming right up". No advanced warning I will need to wait for longer than expected. Just 3 dine-in orders in front of me, so apparently they prioritized something else or their cook has been sleeping the entire time. Not a recommended place no matter how good the po-boys turned out to be.