The music and general noise was so loud that I couldn't hear the servers, despite the restaurant being completely empty. I ordered a falafel bowl and falafel sandwich, and they went ahead and made the bowl before realizing they were out of falafel. I then had to wait for them to fry more falafel, something they should have done as soon as I arrived. When they began making the sandwich, they pulled pita off of a pile of meat. That's how they store the pita they use, it sits on a giant pile of unrefrigerated meat in the open. I'm vegan and asked incredulously if they had just pulled the pita off of the pile of meat. They actually said no, despite me having just seen it happen. Finally, they went back a took a pita from the top that had been resting on other pitas. I reluctantly said that would do, because I had already been there much longer than I had expected and was in a rush. They finally pulled fresh pita out, pita that had never been on a meat pile and used that instead.
Service was slow, even allowing for the time it took to fry the falafel, and while it wasn't actually the worst falafel I've ever had, it wasn't good.My husband and I went about 3 weeks after they opened. We both got combo platters. They were DELICIOUS, and we will definitely be back. They are a tad more expensive than their NYC counterparts and prices could be slightly lower. The sauces are great. I like more red than my husband, but they brought around more white for anyone who wanted it (we both did), which helped balance his hot sauce.After arriving to New Orleans on a late flight I was a little worried nothing was going to be open. I was happy to learn this place is open until 2am. The place seemed clean minus the bathroom. It looked like they were doing some renovations to the bathroom and there was some kind of grey dust everywhere. Besides that, the food was great. I had the regular size combo platter with all toppings and white and hot sauce. The portion was large and it really was satisfying! 
I'd recommend coming here if you want a quick, lite, healthier meal at a very low price.Coming from New York/Boston, my boyfriend and I were pretty excited to stumble upon The Halal Guys on our first day in New Orleans. This location is conveniently located in between many hotels and the French Quarter, offering a high quality, cheap, and convenient meal. 
The menu is simple: chicken and beef gyro options on sandwiches and rice platters. You get some flexibility in additions to tomatoes and lettuce, such as jalapeños, olives, and hummus. We got their regular combo rice platter to share after a night out drinking as well as the next day for an early evening snack. I'd have to say it's great drunk food- hearty and not fried. 
Halal Guys white sauce is top-notch and their hot sauce gives the meal a punch. You can ask for a pack of hot sauce on the side. Definitely be careful with it if you can't handle your spice. A little can already go a long way in my opinion.We ordered sandwiches to go. The chicken sandwich was good but not very flavorful. The gyro sandwich had better flavor and it was a good size. The white sauce is not tatziki sauce which is a bummer. The fries were delicious. Usually carry out fries get mushy but not these fries!I really recomend this place its sooo good i ordered the chicken gyro platter with the white sauce and rice it was too die forWent in excited about a shiny new gyro spot in town, but they let me down. Unlike good gyro spots, they didn't slice the meat fresh. It was laying there in piles. Not surprisingly, my plate of food was pretty stale and uninspired. Did I mention this place is more expensive than the gyro place next door? I might try them again. Hopefully, it'll be better.The spicy hummas is really good, it's got that perfect amount of spice that compliments the Falafel Platter. 
Had a good experience with the service and I'd definitely go back when I'm traveling through New Orleans.It's not bad, not great. Yes, it's all generally bland and I'm not understanding the obsession with the white sauce. However, for something quick and cheap, it's a great alternative anything fried or fast food. 
Tip: the rice is a boring filler and I request all lettuce to make a salad.We were floored to have a Halal Guys right around the corner from our AirBnB.  Had not a few locations open up in the SF Bay Area recently, we probably would have been 500 times more excited.  It seems like the excitement was limited to my siblings and I, as every time we visited the store, it was near empty.  There were always more employees there than customers. Hmm. I guess NOLA hasn't caught on to the wonders that is halal.  But after having 2 meals there (albeit both in a drunken state...which, now that I think about it, should have made the food taste better) this location failed to deliver for us.  For starters, their portions weren't as hefty as those given in NYC or the bay.  Don't be stingy, no ones coming in to eat anyway! The food overall was quite bland, but nothing that white sauce and that fiery hot sauce can't fix.  Lastly, they didn't use the halal equipment there (?!?) Which I found quite weird.  On the bright side, their fries were crunchy and fresh.
This is a hot and new location so I hope they can improve on a few points and also stay open a lot later.  It definitely has the potential to become a late night munchies destination for those partying in the French Quarter.When I saw the menu only had a few options I was surprised. Diffently not quality Mid Eastern food.  Its like fast food but the place was clean,  employees friendly and nicely done. The hummus was awful and the gyro meat was almost like deep-fried ground beef.  It was all just very greasy.  Again its a fast food restaurant. Diffently like the food carts back in NYC. I was expecting better food with it being on st charles ave. And unless you are younger or greasy foods do not bother your stomach then go for it.I first heard of Halal Guys in New York and the over an hour wait for their amazing chicken and rice as well as their gyro sandwiches. I didn't have the pleasure to try the original New York location, but I've gotten to try the Houston location and now in NOLA. I've gone multiple times since it's so convenient and on my way home from work.
I definitely enjoyed the short wait time and delicious food here at the NOLA location. The gyro was delicious and the Combo bowl was good, BUT the chicken is consistently dry here. I would go easy on their HOT sauce. It's deceivingly HOT but very flavorful!
The Halal Guys purists will say that "Nothing beats The Halal Guys in New York City!", but until I try it, I'm still enjoying the Halal guys here in New Orleans. The location is quite small, but there's a good amount of seats considering the location downtown. Service is hit or miss, but I'm usually in and out so no biggie.The classic Halal Guys awesomeness is now available in NOLA. Was lucky enough to catch the soft opening when they were offering a free sandwich or platter to hook us! 
If you've had the NYC version, this hits home. The flavors are rich and what you'd expect from Halal Guys. The portion sizes are the same (frankly they were slightly larger for the soft opening). 
One difference is that this is a brick and mortar location. Expect long lines at lunch that wrap around the building outdoors.
The latest on the Halal Guys move to NOLA here:
http://www.nola.com/dining/index.ssf/2016/04/halal_guys_new_orleans.htmlGreat place! The food was excellently prepared, fresh and delicious. The staff was friendly, inviting and very informative! The restaurant was very clean as well!  I would absolutely recommend this location! Can tell the owner really cares about his place.Don't appreciate the attitude from staff when someone is ordering and spending money with an establishment that is new and fighting for market share. BE NICE, listen to the customer and shake your previous fast food bad work experience!!The food is good, never get tired of coming here,well service,  smiling faces soon as I walk in. Friendly works well spoken. Walked in the dukes nobody greeted me or help me that quick with my menu. Raise them up! Javon did a great jobI ordered through Uber Eats and as a frequent visitor to New Orleans I know it's hard to come by "clean and healthy" food! I was very impressed! I order the Chicken platter. The chicken was great and had tons of flavor. The platter had rice in the bottom so it was easy to separate it and control the portion ( I don't eat a ton of rice) I got the wives on the side and only added a little white sauce. 
Plenty of good to fill me up for the eveningI was so excited that they opened a location in NOLA! I haven't been to the spot in NYC yet, but I do love chicken and rice. 
The service is very quick despite the lunch hour rush. I was lucky to come shortly after they opened around 11am both times that I came. The first time I ordered a small combo platter with just white sauce and the second time I ordered a small chicken platter with white and red sauce. 
I would say that I liked the chicken a lot more. The small was more than enough to fill me up during lunch and the red sauce added heat to the dish, but it was more like a slow burn. The pita that comes with the platter is good since its soft and fluffy. I would prefer it to have more of a crispy texture though. 
This is a good place for a quick bite. The line may be long but things move along pretty quickly. I'm sure it doesn't compare to the location in NYC but it would curb a craving!Not as good as the 53rd St cart in NYC, but was definitely worth sacrificing a NOLA-style meal to get my fix. That hot sauce tho!Got a small combo platter.  It was alright for the time & price.  I guess the best way to describe halal guys is that it is like a subway or chipotle-- but with Mediterranean food.  A bowl was 1/4 rice, 1/4 salad, 1/2 chicken & lamb.  The lamb and chicken was diced in order to fit in those metal bins.  The sauce was really good.  Glad that I said yes when they offered it....We were in New Orleans for only one night. While this isn't traditional New Orleans fare, we were happy we came here. It was only a 2 minute walk from our hotel. 
As soon as we walked in, we were instantly greeted by several of the employees. Everyone was very friendly! 
We both ordered the beef gyro sandwich. They were very good! The sandwiches don't come with any sides, but they are a good size. We were hungry after a day of traveling so we got a few sides ;). We got an order of falafel and baklava. The falafel was alright. Though to be honest, I'm not a falafel fan to begin with. My wife liked it though. The baklava was delicious! It didn't have the same flavor as regular baklava that we are used to, but it was still delicious. We even got one to go. 
I'm not sure why there's been so many negative reviews, maybe they were experiencing growing pains. We enjoyed our meal and the staff was excellent. We looked it up and saw one was opening near our house and are very excited to try it again. Don't listen to the negative reviews, give this place a try for yourself.I ordered delivery via Uber Eats. SO quick! I was impressed there for sure. I thought the food was yummy, the spicy sauce is VERY spicy which i liked. The hummus was fresh tasting. The chicken was good but a little dried out. The veggies were fresh. But one major flaw... they delivered to my hotel without silverware or napkins! I had to eat the chicken platter with my HANDS! No fork, nothing. I'm sure it was a mistake, I would have given four stars if it weren't for that.Not worth it guys, the hype was way better than the food. 
Take my advice.. get your middle eastern food from somewhere else. This place is not worth the $$$.Great Arab food .. Keep it up guys.. For sure I'll be a regular.. Nice to have u finally in New OrleansThe customer service absolutely sucked last night. I asked the associate if she could put my meat on the side since I planned on eating the rest of my platter tomorrow for lunch. She acted like it was too much for her. She said "has anyone done that for you before?" Then she followed with "I'm gonna have to charge you extra if I do that because we charge you for the cups." This sounded crazy to me. Especially since this had been done for me previously with no issues. Then she stated she "well, you won't get the same amount of meat anyway" Then when I asked for extra lettuce and tomato she said "See, that's why I can't do it for you". She reluctantly put my meat on the side. She then asked if I was gonna eat the platter tomorrow. I said yes and she responded with a nasty look and said "That's gonna be nasty" LIKE SOMEONE ASKED HER!! She is literally one of the rudest people i've ever encountered in food service. If I see her there the next time I go i'll just find somewhere else to eat.DO NOT GO! This place gave myself and my 2 friends all food poisoning. Thanks for really putting a damper on our trip. Likely tons of health code violations here. Very gross.I've had Halal Guys in Orlando, NYC & New Orleans-the beef gyro platter in New Orleans is the best including their presentation of the platter itself with variety of salad ingredients!I got a falafel sandwich with everything on it except onions. The tzatziki sauce was strangely peppery to me. The peppers (jalapenos?) used here were so hot I had to pick them out (cool :) ). Fast service late at night.I laid in my hotel room bed on my stomach eating my Halal Guys out of the tin foil like a dog eating out of a bowl. I'm not proud, but I am happy.Was expecting  the food to be like the stands in New York . The place was clean but it seemed to me they where doing a soft opening . Tried to get the gyros sandwich that was 86th all they had was the chicken or falafel. The falafel was ok but lacking flavor. Another thing was that the restrooms where not functional , looked like construction was not finished. 
How can a restaurant legally be open without restroom.Food was good. We ordered a chicken gyro and a beef gyro.  Service was ok. They talk quick and move slower than I am used too. They spit out "hot saice, white sauce, BBQ" so fast and were displeased when I was trying to decipher what they were saying..S'alright, I guess....for fast food Med & Middle Eastern food.  it tastes like it's made by and for white people.  There's really nothing authentic about it.  However, it is a good place for a quick bite to eat; just don't expect anything gourmet.  The seasoning is a bit weak on the chicken (I had a gyro) but the pita was soft and the lettuce and tomato were fresh.  The white sauce works well and helps a little with the lack of seasoning on the meat.  It's nice to have another lunch option in the CBD and I'm sure I'll be back.  I bet it's great after a night of drinking...and I see they're open until midnight soooooooo.Had the combo platter and baclava and it was delicious I truly enjoyed the experience of every taste. The staff and management was truly awesome and amazing!!! This was Grand Opening Day so everything was shaking and hopping!!!! I am definitely looking forward to another visit really soon!!!!!!! Truly a healthy and delicious experience!!!!Overpriced and overcooked. My falafel was so hard, it bent two plastic forks. My girlfriends beef was so greasy she couldn't eat it. Tea was sour. For such a limited menu, it seems like they could specialize and have a handful of stellar options. Not the case. 26$ something for falafel platter, beef platter, 2 drinks, and one extra pita- most of which went into the trash. Staff was friendly but clueless. I had to get extra white sauce to try and choke down the little falafel I did manage to eat. This is NOT the Halal Guys I know from NYC!This was my second newly opened place to visit this weekend and more disappointing in many ways. Because it's a reasonably well known chain, expectations are higher but I thought the pita was a bit dry, and chicken had little flavour. We wanted to order hummus as well but they were out. 
We ate in one of their NY (2nd & 14th St.) locations three weeks ago and the falafel was by far the best I've ever had; creamy, smooth and full of flavour. At the end, a staff member beamed with pride as we told him how much we'd enjoyed it...it was like he was nodding saying 'damn right I know this stuff is good'. We didn't have that experience on St. Charles. It was fine but too dry and not nearly as good.
Sorry Cleo's, we shouldn't have cheated on you. You'll still be our downtown jam for Middle Eastern grub!Parking was easy on sunday.  Seemed like they were well staffed.  Had the regular gyro platter...and it was okay.  The meat was also really small-almost like a ground beef consistancy.
Wife had the regular chicken combo and I could tell from 10 feet that it was bland...and the appearance was just shredded chicken.  That's not schwarma.  And we are in new orleans...season that stuff up!  We are the seasoning Capitol of the world man!
As an NYC native, and a halal guys follower, I am kind of disappointed.  I'll give em another try in a week or two.I am a huge fan of the original Halal Guys in NYC & I was thrilled when I heard we were getting one here. I am sad to see these negative reviews for the Nola franchise. 
First off, halal guys is not meant to be compared to Middle Eastern restaurants such as lebanons or albasha in my opinion. If this is what you're expecting, you won't be happy. 
Secondly, no it is not as good as the original. But I'd say that's to be expected. But it is a great substitute for those of us who can't get the original whenever we please.
I have been here quite a few times  & the staff always remembers me (which is somewhat embarrassing) & always so friendly. Service is always fast & my food has always been fresh. So while no, this isn't the original, I'll say it's a good fix for those of us who live roughly 1,300 miles away from the original!I was pretty excited when I saw that we were getting a Halal Guys franchise in NOLA. I eat at the one on 6th and 53rd whenever I am in NYC - I was actually just there so I have a good basis for comparison. If you've ever been to the ones in NYC, you will not be disappointed. Tastes just like it does in NYC!
This location offers the same simple menu - either a sandwich (on pita) or a bowl with your choice of chicken, gyro or falafel or a combo. They also have hummus, baba ganoush and fries. You can have them put the white sauce and/or hot sauce on your meal, but I highly recommend that you ask for the packets and add as needed. Especially the hot sauce. It is HOT and I am not a wimp when it comes to spicy food.
Service was quick and friendly. The eating area was spacious and they were blasting the AC. A great first day experience - these guys are gonna kill it here in NOLA!I don't get the excitement over this very mediocre overpriced Mediterranean option downtown.  Place looks very nice though very loud.  Service is friendly if you can hear what they're asking you. Food totally underwhelmed.  Got the gyro platter.  Tons of iceberg lettuce, the blandest gyro meat I've ever had, some kind of rice that tasted like nothing (I even wondered if it was yellow cheese), and some chopped tomato.  With fountain drink was over $13 without tip.  Hot sauce was the only flavor I got out of it.  
There are much, much better med options in the CBD.  Cleo's is wonderful and the food court guy in Place St. Charles serves mixed greens and gyro meat is very flavorful for a lot less money.
Sorry, don't get this.  Oh well....I'm from NY so grew up on the halal guys combo platter (extra white, extra hot sauce!). Unfortunately this place doesn't do the ny carts justice. They don't serve lamb, the meat flavor is only so-so and the hot sauce isn't as hot. Personally, I'll be waiting until I'm back in NY before coming back here for my combo cravings.Was so excited for this opening that I ran down to St. Charles to get my first combo plate. Coming in with high expectations were a little bit of a let down once I got my plate. The beef has great flavor but is very greasy and I didnt like how chopped up it was. The chicken was the star, the chicken was so moist and flavorful it was the star of the show. The famed "white sauce" is a little underwhelming though the hot sauce is exceptional, dont overdue it. The pita and saffron rice are excellent. I wish they had the lamb but it may be coming soon I hope. Overall I would be back for the chicken gyro and combo plate, I am staying away from the beef and trying the hummus and other dips when I go back they were out when I went. Ali Baba has a better gyro and white sauce but Halal Guys is still a work in progress.Some good greasy rice with a good amount of meat - chicken or beef -take your pick. The sauce is excellent. The hot sauce is killer - it will literally make you sick if you consume a lot. Just a dab and you'll be heatville. Reasonably priced and always under busy.One star maybe. This is bad middle eastern food. The chicken "sandwich" was absolutely bland - tasteless. Certainly not like chicken shawarma. As a side I got the tahini. Absolutely terrible - one bite and that's all I could take. Had an awful metallic taste.  Do yourself a favor and get lunch at another place downtown- there are a lot of other choices.I have been to the original one in New York and it doesn't compare at all. First all the chicken to me was not cooked well. It was super white and rubbery and wish it was cooked and toasted more. The pita bread was super soggy. Overall it was just bland and nothing compared to the savory bowls from NY that people make 30 minutes or more line for. Side warning the hot sauce here is no joke. If you can not handle heat just avoid it at all cost. My sister doesn't not like spicy at all and made the mistake of adding seriously a little line and couldn't eat her food. She said the heat from the sauce was unbearable. The white sauce on the other hand is a must! To me it's what makes the bowl or wrap complete.I was excited by the prospect of a quick and easy falafel/shwarma spot in the CBD. This place does nothing but disappoint.
A sandwich ($8) is tiny, topped with flavorless white sauce, and devoid of any hummus, baba ganoush, feta, or other accoutrements. A platter, for more than $10, comes with lots of plain rice, iceberg lettuce, and AGAIN, no hummus or baba. In fact, to get falafel or swharma on the same plate with hummus or baba requires a purchase of a $3 "side," making your meal $13 before tax. And trust me, you'll still leave hungry. But thanks for the rice and lettuce.
I'm not sure which is the greater sin: opening a Middle Eastern joint with no understanding that the food is too dry and flavorless without some help from a favorite condiment, or fully understanding this fact and charging an outrageous price for the privilege of eating a proper meal with standard flavors. The owners should be ashamed either way.
The staff, however, were working their tails off, smiling all the while. They provide the only virtue to this sinking ship.Now look, I have literally been to almost every Lebanese, middle-eastern restaurant in New Orleans, and I can tell you that The Halal Guys is leagues below the quality, and taste. It's 10 dollars for a platter of minute rice, (gyro meat, falafel, or chicken), and some iceberg lettuce and diced tomatoes! At least make a salad with lemon olive oil and some olives. The food just tastes poor and just really bad. Now, the only reason I'm giving this business a 3 star rating, is because the customer service, cleanliness, friendliness, and location is exceptional. If you want good Lebanese style food, then go to Lebanon's Cafe, or Byblo's. If you want a cool place to go with a group of friends, then this could be an okay option.Thank you The Halal Guys
Place Clean
Friendly
Organized 
But Ciara was SOOO NICE to me
This is going to be my favorite place in TownEmployees here are great! Best customer service I've seen in a long time. Got a platter for first time. Food was good, relatively healthy. Hot sauce is legit hot even for me who loves spicy food.Staff were so friendly and the food was great!!! Their hot sauce is 'very hot'. Most hot sauces in America aren't very hot....but this one was super hot! Would definitely go there again :)The place had 5 people in it, about 6-7 people on the line. One of the workers asked me if I wanted white or red sauce on my gyro sandwich.....what? Your workers don't even know what ingredients they are putting on the sandwiches, the red sauce is hot sauce and the white sauce is tzatziki sauce. The gyro meat is chopped and not sliced which is stupid, and they keep it warm in a massive mound that is on the flat top.
Finally, I get my food. The gyro sandwich is loaded with lettuce and tomatoes and not very much chopped gyro meat (once again chopping it is stupid and a way for them to give you less meat). I also ordered a side of hummus, it showed up and was a great portion size. The hummus itself was very bland though, and covered in paprika with very little to no other spices. Now, onto the pita bread they served with it, it was wrapped in foil and kept in a steamwell. The bread was soggy and like a limp noodle, once again on a slow night, you can't toast them to order? The meal was absolutely garbage.
The manager, a younger black woman, came to speak with me after seeing the disgust on my face. She was hanging out with people out front joking around my entire meal instead of cutting labor cost or just making sure her employees know whats going on!I told her why I was not satisfied and she offered me a chicken sandwich to go on the house. No thank you I don't want anymore of your garbage food and will not recommend anyone here ever.Yelp is rarely wrong, and they weren't wrong here. I'm vegan, so not a ton of options (see Seed review). I don't think the food here is "vomitous," if that's a word, as at least one other reviewer said-- but it's also not great. The fries were especially bad, too greasy to eat.  The falafel was actually good, the rice was a little bland, and the hummus was by far the star of the meal. Service was a little disorganized, and the worst thing was the price- very over-priced for what I ordered. Close to $20 for fries, falafel platter,hummus, and Diet Coke. I also tried Cleo's, which was much better and also less expensive. Would have been two stars except for the hummus, which was embarrassed to be in the same company as the rest of the food on the platter.Was just there this past Sunday.. Everything from the food to service was great, especially Claire!! Was our first time in New Orleans and vegetation options were limited, we found this little place and decided to try their falafel. Was pleasantly surprised by how delicious the food was (even had homemade hot sauce), and accommodating the service was.. Claire seeing we ordered a meatless dish inquired if we were vegetarians and put our pita bread on foil over the grill (many dont do that unless asked). Would definitely recommend!!Taste exactly like the original in nyc!! Been eating one a week every-time it's been great. Stick with the combination platter with both white and red sauce can't go wrongMy first time having the Halal Guys and I really liked it! I'm going to start with service first because that stood out to me the most. I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door. The young lady that took my order was SO HELPFUL and sweet. She took her time out to explain to me what everything was since it was my first time. She also put extra white sauce for me in my take-out bag so I could add more if I liked. 
So onto the food, I actually didn't hear great things about this place, but I decided to give it a try myself. I really liked it, I got the combo chicken + gyro regular sized plate. The meat was delish and the lettuce was fresh and crisp. I was expecting more from the white sauce since that's kind of their thing, but it was okay, nothing too crazy. Their baklava was good, oh boy do I love baklava. I had to get it. This place seems like it's a great lunch spot to either chill and eat or grab-n-go. I still have a little more than half leftover, it was so filling! I also love that they stay open late. I definitely will be returning!!Very unauthentic and disappointing.  The chicken is dry and the white sauce tastes different.  The only good thing is that you can get a meal under $10 and its always empty so you won't have to worry about finding a seat.  Nothing like NY.Great new Greek restaurant downtown. Great customer service and the food quality is great. Also very conveniently located near downtown and right off the streetcar line.Location is very convenient in CBD near the Hilton. Food is just OK as they fill up the container with a lot of iceberg lettuce.Im from NY and i love love love halal food...was so excited that it finally came down here....But i was so disappointed the rice was hard and the seasoning was nothing like ny halal food over priced for no reason...I definitely won't  be coming back to this place...can wait to go back home and have the real halal food. I only rated with one star because i had to but this place should have no starsHad the falafel wrap and fries. Really yummy after a night on Bourbon Street. 
Actually hit this place twice since there are very few vegetarian/vegan places to eat at late at night. ;)I like Halal Guys for their convenience.
If you're trying to go low carb, their combo platter (chicken & beef) with no rice extra salad does it. Stay light on the white sauce and don't forget to add the olives.Overpriced and dry.  I ordered a vegetarian falaffel sandwich.  Waited in line for 20 minutes in the heat.  Get inside and start going through the cafeteria style ordering process.  If you are vegetarian - DO NOT GO HERE.  They lay the wraps right underneath their meats and cook them on the same grill - they will NOT clean it first or change gloves.  I asked for "everything vegetarian", which was basically lettuce and onions.  They added the yogurt sauce, but it was still very dry.  I had a tough time eating my sandwich because of how dry it was.  I got a drink to go with it, which was fine.
Perhaps this worked great as a food truck, but I expect more out of a restaurant.  There are no servers/people to ask questions to.  Because it was so busy, you cant go up to a worker and ask for more sauce or even napkins.  
The staff seem very perturbed to be working there.  It is obviously hot and very busy.  Two girls started yelling at each other behind the counter.  The manager watched it and didnt care either.  Guess it happens often enough.I seriously can't say enough about this restaurant. I go every time I am in New York without fail and for years that was the only way to get my fix. When I found out Halal guys was coming to NOLA,  I was ridiculously excited. I went and my very high New York standards were met! I see no difference between this restaurant and the carts in New York. I have gone twice and both times the food and service were on point. Thank you for opening in Nola and see y'all soon!This place is horrible when it comes their African American employees! They hired a brand new staff which were all Caucasian and the black workers hrs were cut!!! They closed down 2 locations without notice leaving more than a dozen black workers without a job!!! This company is very racist and I'm upset that I wasted my time working here... DONT SPEND YOUR MONEY HEREDon't waste your money. Worst gyro meat I've ever had. There's too many other good restaurants in downtown New Orleans to be wasting your precious appetite here. If you want Mediterranean look up Clio's, it's not a far walk from here and the food is far far superior and much more authentic. I'm only giving two stars because the staff was really nice!Great customer service, food was delicious. I got a small chicken platter, it was very filling. The white sauce is really good. Kinda like a low fat ranch sauce. Be careful on the hot sauce. It's really hot. They usually add just a little, unless you specify otherwise.Was in the area and needed a quick bite.  I had the chicken sandwich with lettuce tomatoes hummus and cucumbers.  At the last minute I had them put the white sauce on (probably didn't need it).  The portions were a descent size Service was quick and efficient.  It's a good place to grab a bite on the run.  
I would probably come back when I was in the area if you wanted something different.This place is the worst.   Paid 11, received terrible service and didn't even get all my food.  I waited over 20 minutes to get my food, and STILL didn't even get all of it.  She said if I wait around she'll bring it to me.  I saw the food done but she was too busy talking to her friends.   I'll be calling a manger in the morning.It's about time we got a Halal Guys. When I studied in New York, they were a staple for me. This brick and mortar location wax nostalgic about my times at 53rd & 6th Avenue. Same great food right here in New Orleans!  The white sauce is great. The red sauce is amazing. It's like the ying and yang in perfect harmony.As a follow up to my last review... I got a REALLY nice response and offer to set things right from Logan, the owner. I haven't tried it again (once bitten and all), but the response by the owner was appropriate and much appreciated!!I dropped into Hahal Guys and was absolutely delighted. The manager Kitty greeted us with a huge smile and and laughed at my ridiculous jokes, which was so unnecessary but so sweet. The food here is great. I had their gyros sandwich and the meat is fresh and seasoned well and the sauces were delicious. I will be back... probably sooner than later.For starters, I love Middle Eastern food and I'm always looking for some of the best. I've been to this Halal Guys three times. The first time I was in-Love. The second time there was something a little off. The third time sealed the deal for me, this location is dead to me forever. I'm not sure what it was, but the food just wasn't as great to me as that first time. Everything is greasy and the white sauce should always be served on the side, unless you like your food swimming in it. Also, forget going late unless you like your food from piles of meat that have been sitting out for a while, or you like pita bread that's been sitting on that pile of meat! 2-stars for service, the staff has always been friendly. 1-star otherwise. So, I went and checked the location on Freret St...I liked the falafel platter. The hot sauce is really hot, so best to ask for it on the side.This place really came through!  I placed an order on seamless.com at 12:18pm today for a lunch delivery. Our order tracker said we would have our food between 12:47-12:57pm.  At 12:55pm, I refreshed the order tracking, only to have it say that our new delivery time was 1:40-1:50pm.  WHAT?!?  I called the restaurant completely prepared to have it out, only to find out from Kitty that our order was ready, but they were waiting on a seamless driver.  I offered to come pick up the food at this point, and she was going to try and cancel the driver with seamless.
I am about to walk out the door to head to the restaurant when my phone rings - it's Kitty from Halal Guys stating that while we were on the phone the driver came in to pick up the food, but forgot our sauces, napkins, and silverware because he was irate that he received a parking ticket.  She offered to meet halfway between them and us to give us the missing items, and I agreed and went to meet her.
When I got back, our order still wasn't here.  I called Kitty at Halal and asked what happened, and she said when she got back to the restaurant from meeting me, that a 2nd driver from seamless had shown up asking about our order.  This was madness I tell you!
I hang up with Kitty only to have Seamless call me to ask if I received my order?  NO!  The woman on the phone said her driver claimed to go pick it up and was told that another driver had taken the food, so this driver didn't have it.  WTH?  The seamless customer service was going to call Halal Guys and see what happened.  I hung up with her, and called Kitty back to explain what happened, and she told me that they were going to completely remake our order and meet me to give it to me, since we obviously couldn't trust seamless to get it right.
Finally at 1:40pm, I was back at the office about to eat lunch, but what an ordeal.  I used seamless.com in NYC for 10 years, and never had it fail me like it did today.   Like I said, Halal guys really came through, and a special shout-out to Kitty for everything!!Halal Guys in the BCD!!  We got in late and most of the restaurants around our hotel were turning us away.  However, Halal Guys were open.  So we dodged the street cleaning crews, climbed over piles of dirt, debris and beads to make our way in for combo plates, falafels and hummus.  Love the white sauce - and for those with a more sensitive palate - watch the red sauce (it's got some heat).  
Great late and night for watching uber drunk people shove food in their faces before stumbling back out into the night with their box of wine.This is about as bad as it gets. The faux / fake Mediterranean food is quite horrendous. They have a pile of chicken meat just laying on the grill and believe me that chicken tastes atrocious. The rice that came with my platter had turned into rock solid fossils as if they sat in the warmer for ages. The chicken had an aroma to it which screamed undercooked / old. The sandwich wrap had minimum amount of meat (thankfully) and was just as bad. 
Don't get me wrong, the folks who never had a good Mediterranean meal love this spot. Why? Because they don't know any better. Avoid this death trap.Nothing like NYC. Low quality, less quantity, rude staff, way more expensive.. it's a rip off people. Better gyro places in the city!!! So disappointed!I really wanted falafel for dinner and saw this corner restaurant near my hotel.  I set my expectations fairly low and this place still disappointed.  (If they have a place in NYC like I've heard, they won't last very long with their dry as saw dust falafel patties.)  I saw the manager reach into the freezer to pull them out with his bare hands and drop them into the deep fryer. Blecch.  The rice was dry, the pita bread was 3 small micro slices, the salad was a few diced pieces of tomato and some plain iceberg lettuce.  The salad dressing listed egg as an ingredient so this vegan went without.  The hot sauce was inedible.  The only reason I didn't give them one star was that the two fellows were polite and said thank you.  Sorry, no more Halal Guys @10.95 for mediocrity for me.The gyros substitute and baba ghoush was absolutely gross.  NO FLAVOR.  It was like eating cardboard inside of a cardboard wrap with eggplant mosh cardboard on the side.  
They are going to close soon with this as their product.This has to be one of the best gyro spots in new orleans. I go in twice a week and always greeted with a smile and a welcoming feel.   Javon helps me the majority of the time I visit and she always smiles and greets you as you enter the store with fast servic. Really great place to visit in new orleansThe Halal Chicken was good, but I'd rather the hot sauce and white sauce already mixed all in the chicken and rice. I still love the street vendors in New York. I'm sorry, but they are amazing. This was the closest thing to NYC.The Halal Guys is one of my favorite places to get quick, delicious, high quality food from a friendly staff. Today I got my order via UberEATS and once it was delivered I noticed my order wasn't quite right. After THG was made aware of the mistake they hand delivered another meal, complete with a side of hummus and baklava! This is what excellent customer service is about - "righting" a honest mistake. I will always be a customer at this location!No flavor, no freshness, no variety. Disappointing. Will not go again. Salad was literally iceberg w tomato slices and no dressing. Felafel didn't taste fresh even though they just made it. Pita was doughy and greasy. Baba ganoush was meh. Not even remotely Middle Eastern tasting.A friend and I decided to try halal guys because the food looked good in pictures we saw online. The platters include a "salad" that has no dressing (unless you want to dump "white" sauce and hot sauce on it). It's components include raw iceberg lettuce and raw tomato (bland). The last time I was served raw iceberg lettuce with nothing in it as a salad was never.  The pita is cut into small triangles so you can't make your own wrap. They do not have feta cheese or tzatziki which is confusing. The hot sauce is way too spicy and it overpowered all of food's flavor (starting to think this is intentional).  The chicken and the rice both had this odd burnt plastic taste.  Overall I thought it was a pretty sad excuse for halal and I am very sure I won't return.  I actually think it was one of the worst meals I have ever had in New Orleans in my 8 years of living here.This is a new idea for me, this is a cafeteria style Mediterranean café. You come in the front door, walk to the line, and decide what you want, then go along the line and say what you do or do not want on your plate. I got the lamb gyro, the guy got a salad version. You pay at the end of the line, and seat yourself.
There is a small parking lot in back that is shared with 2 other businesses. The interior looks like a reclaimed warehouse. The music was loud, and unintelligible. I seriously could not understand the words to the music, I couldn't tell if it was English or some foreign language. It was just so loud!
The meat was mainly grizzled hardened bits of remnants that tasted stale. The guy said that he could have handled not having to deal with the meat. It is interesting to say the least. If the owner is going to stress that this restaurant leans towards Middle Eastern food, and not Mediterranean, as stated in comments left to reviews, the stand out item in my mind is that pita is used, which is more Mediterranean, naan (an oval flat bread with a texture different from pita) is the primary bread staple in the Middle East. This location uses pita. Though a good naan might actually help.
I am not sure I will come back, though I have only come once. There are better options in New Orleans. What a shame. I do see that the owner has come on and made comments on several reviews saying that this is not your typical Mediterranean food, that it is made to the halal rules. Well, that may be true, but I have eaten at an Afghan halal restaurant in another state, and that food was wonderful, so I know edible halal food can be found in America. I have eaten at other Middle Eastern restaurants in the Greater New Orleans area and the food was wonderful. I have eaten local meals in the Middle East in my travels, and fully understand the food there is Halal, and it was the best ever. I know what I am comparing it to. This is not good. The meat was just not good, and just not the best quality. I think it says something that at the time I am writing this review, there are 33 reviews, and an average of 2.5 star ratings. Hmmm. Not everyone likes this place.
This is definitely a marketing scam to try to find a niche. But that niche will not come, you will only attract the uninitiated into the fold. I definitely do not just do 1 or 2 star reviews. If you look at my stats, I do not have that many at all. I am rounding up to 2 stars because of parking. This was just not good.White sauce is ranch, and the pita is store bought. (Has the consistency of Taco Bell's gordita taco wrapping.) They only bothered to warm it up by putting them on top of the pre-cooked chicken of the day. Chicken was moist but bland. A dressed sandwich will also come with raw onions and bell peppers in addition to the lettuce and tomato. And that Hidden Valley Ranch sauce. Service was mediocre. 
Definitely not a traditional Greek place in presentation or tastes. Next time I'm going to Schwarma to go or whatever they're called in the gas station. They're cheap, filling and have great customer service.Went here to see what all the hype was about.
I'm only giving it 2 stars for the service as the service was great!!
Food isn't good. 
If you are expecting a traditional Gryo with the lamb and beef combo meat that you see everywhere, well you are going to be disappointed. What they serve is basically ground beef with lettuce and diced tomatoes and hot sauce and white sauce on a thick pita...it's more like a soft taco flavor than the gyro that I know of...
It tastes like nothing of the Gyro with the strips of meat, tomato, onion, cucumber, feta and that tahziki sauce I know of.
Actually, it's very disappointing since it's so close to my house....I'll be sticking with the other places in the area that serve a gyro...
Sorry for the bad news and review! I really wanted it to be good. But it wasn't. Not sure how people think this is actually good or call it a gyro...
I'm sad.
No way Mr Halal guy manager, it is tasteless and just not good, unless you change your recipes then I have no reason to go back.  It's like the big lots of gyro food...Unbelievably bad. How can these chains parachute in here without knowing and researching the market. This town contends for the label of highest food culture in the nation and the corporation offers a product vastly inferior to our widely established Middle Eastern food offerings. Every element of our Gyro and Schawarma plates was inferior along with an atmosphere befitting a McDonalds. Go away! You insult our intelligence.This is definitely the worst Mediterranean food I've ever had. They may as well not include rice because they take no care in how its prepared, it's dry and tasteless. The pita was good,  the falafel was bland,  the lettuce was not fresh and the baba ganouj didn't have any flavor but was somewhat spicy for some reason. Its a great concept and its a plus that they are open late but with food this bad the late hours become a moot point. 
To give one positive the food was done quickly.Horrible. Dry meat. Undercooked rice. Too lazy to cut my pita bread, just ripped it. They spray cleaning spray in front of the food trays after they made my food then served it to the next customers that came in. Never again.I have been to this Halal Guys on several occassions and have to say that the service and quality have significantly dropped from when they first opepened. During my most recent trip I ordererd the small Falafel Combo. The kid working did not fill the plate that you pay $9 for. He did not put the toppings I asked for and gave me the leftover old tiny pita triangles. The quanity and quality of food for the price I paid as absolutley not worth it. I also ordered fries and though the person in front of me ordered the same fries hers came with seasoning and filled to the brim. I again got whatever was left over. Really dissapointed that the quality has dropped so much. I would encourage you to go somewhere local for your Halal food.If SERO stars were an option I would choose that.
After our first experience was fun we went back last night. The music was so loud you couldn't anything that the staff was saying and they both seemed to be a bit....out of it.
He got the falafel salad which he enjoyed and i got a side of falafel. My falafel came out scorched to the point that we couldn't eat it.
When I took it up to the counter to return it, the blonde cashier was trying to give someone fries and couldn't remember the word ketchup. So he was sort of just saying, "uhhh, uhhh, uhhhh, do you want, uhhhh, uhhhh,...." and the dude was finally like, "YES I WANT SOME DAMN KETCHUP".
Then when I complained about the charcoal they had served me, they told me that a manager was coming to speak with us. 10 minutes later they just threw a piece of baklava in front of me. Meanwhile, I am quite sure that the manager was sitting directly behind us and watching the whole interaction. It was bizarre and left a bad taste in my mouth both literally and figuratively.
Won't be going back.Food is bland, if you label of it as "American." 
Food is terrible, if you're expecting it to represent "Middle Eastern" or "Mediterranean."
"White sauce" is a ranch dressing base and isn't tzatziki or tahini or related to either. The staff didn't know what those two words were. "Spicy sauce" is just fire in a packet. When was the last time hot sauce was an expected side dish to mediterranean food? 
This place is gross and inauthentic. The establishment is ruining the neighborhood's "shop local" vibe.I've gotten food poisoning 2/5 times I've been. Should have known better.
Never going here again.This chain really just doesn't even close to measuring up to the local Middle Eastern options.  Lebanon Cafe, Mona's, Pyramid, Shwarma to Go etc. are all significantly better at around the same price point along with providing table service.
The music was turned up so loud it was challenging to communicate my order in further complicated by the fact the guy taking my order was a Spanish speaker that didn't seem to be very good with English.  I got a combo plate and tried to add the hummus and flafal as sides but that was not comprehended so I had to go back and reorder when an English speaker arrived.  The iced tea was also left with no lemons.  
Overall I ended up spending more money here for a lower quality product and inferior service to all other Middle Eastern options I have eaten at in the NOLA area.  This place sort of reminded me of Chipotle except Chipotle has a good quality product at a great value.  I don't see any reason to return to one of these Halal Guys chain locations again.This place opened in the last couple of months. Our first visit. Babycakes and I both enjoyed our lunch. 
Our counterperson/cashier/server was a nice young lady with a friendly smile. Polite and unrushed. 
THE FOOD:
Babycakes ordered the chicken platter with salad, rice and white sauce.  I had a bite, and it was tasty. The chicken pieces were moist and flavorful. The salad, sauce and rice were also delicious.  
I had the beef gyro. It was also super tasty, although I really crave the lamb gyro. The lettuce, tomato, onion and white sauce (and jalapenos) in a generous pita.
Very good.
Had hummus (ok), baba ganoush (didn't care for), falafel (excellent), and.....
Baklava.. a super delicious sweet treat..
We'll be back!!Great new gyro place on Freret St; order your food at a counter find a table enjoy!  Nice beef or chicken gyro with fresh fixings.  Not going to put the Lebanese Cafe out of business but great for a quick lunchmy tip: just like... don't go? it's just not good. i gave it a second chance. it's not worth the price at all. the meat is in little greasy bits, the rice has not been seasoned, they don't have tzatziki sauce or garlic sauce, just some sort of white sauce that honestly kind of tastes like ranch? i know this is supposed to be like cart food in NYC but that stuff is soooo much better than this. go to babylon's or lebanon's or mona's. i came back because i was hungry and desperate. i made a mistake. just remember to be nice to service industry workers tho bc it's not their fault!!!I decided to try this place because I heard conflicting reviews. First it's in my old neighborhood and It brings diversity to the restaurants in the area 
I ordered the chicken platter. The employees were idle chatting in Spanish and I looked to be interrupting them. When explaining the sauce she had no idea what they tasted like. I asked if the white sauce was like tzatziki sauce. She said yes. It was ranch. I don't like ranch.  
The rice was hard with no flavor, the pita was warmed on top of the chicken. Don't know what the vegetarians do because those should be cooked separate. The chicken was cooked perfect but little flavor. 
I expected red onions with middle eastern food. Just overall disappointing and a waste. 
Too many other quality authentic food on Freret St to go there again. Too many other authentic Middle Eastern restaurants to go to.Went in during the weekend night shift, after getting mad from blaze employees next door. Walked in smelled fresh food and the environment was great. Wish they had a combo meal.Finally had the chance to stop in and see what the hype was about. It was empty when we came in. We ordered two platters, one beef gyro and the other, chicken. Chose our toppings, sauces, and sat down. My toppings were wrong but it was ok, I just picked out what I didn't want. The meats weren't hot, dried, a little burnt and not too flavorful. We didn't enjoy our meals at all. Just kind of forcefully gulped down our sad meal and left. Most likely won't be returning.I can barely give this "restaurant" a star.  My mistake for not knowing this was a chain much like Jimmy Johns.  The gyro was greasy, the hummus the worst I have had. Poor service, very disorganized.  Such a shame in an area of many new local options.  There are also some great, local, middle eastern options within a mile.Well the food is very tasty & staff are very friendly,  I just don't like the way Gyro meat is finely chopped up. It's crumbly. My Gyro consisted of greasy ,finely chopped up, crumbly meat. Wierd. I do not recommend Gyros. Falafel is pretty good. Overall, I have to say I've never experienced Gyro meat so chopped up. Wierd texture.Just disgusting version of Mediterranean food. All of it is gross.Service was lacking. Young man didn't change his gloves after he touched POS then went right to serving food and touching the food. Liked the vibe of the downtown store more.First time trying and I definitely be back!
I noticed the new restaurant along with blaze, but chose to go with this place and give my pizza addiction a break. Since I'm a fancy girl and like to be different I asked for the fries with all the chicken shawarma toppings. The cashier was clearly feeling my creativity and told me he wanted try add something to my plate that he'd thought I like. So he added a mix of tatziki sauce & BBQ &omfg let me just say he put me up on game & im passing it along. You're  welcome! It was so good I didn't get to snap it up but trust it FIYAHWe popped in here last night for a quick bite. The person I was with had never had shawarma before, but he ordered like a champ and ate like he hadn't seen food in a decade or so. He got a beef shawarma, hummus, extra pita and some falafel.
Within about 10 minutes of him silently devouring his meal and me chattering on about nothing, his food was gone, his stomach was full and he was already talking about what he was going to order the next time he came back.My husband and I treat ourselves take out on UberEats from here once a week (sometimes more if it's a busy week). We are ADDICTED to the sauces. He gets a pita sandwich & I get the combo platter. The first time we tried the red sauce it was overwhelmingly hot. Now we have gotten to where we look forward to that burn. It is so good cut with the white sauce and my husband is fond of adding the BBQ sauce too. The service can be off sometimes. Several times our sauce was left out of our order, which is the whole point of us eating from here, so that was a bummer. We love the sauce so much though that we keep ordering!
Definitely recommend if you are chasing the spice dragon like us.No thanks. Never again. My gyro was bland and super greasy. It was so greasy the fat had congealed on the plate by the time I was done eating. Now I'm paying the price for the grease bomb. Service was pretty gruff and at lunch time there were no french fries (which were pretty bland and terrible) ready, despite there only being two other customers in the restaurant. The fries came to the table hot, but completely usalted. Who does that? There were no packets of salt at the table, I had to go back to the counter and ask.
Just bad. I won't be back.
Next day:
2 stars on the day of. By the next morning, I would've given -2 if I could've.
It's gross. Don't go here.Good food, quick service, friendly workers. My husband and I have had the platter and the gyro and loved them both.The reviews are spot on. I should have trusted them. This is the Middle Eastern version of Taco Bell except with no flavor.Truly terrible service.
I walked in with a friend on a Thursday around 6:45pm. There was one employee behind the counter talking on his cell phone. He did not take our order or even acknowledge us. He went to the back of the restaurant. After a few minutes, another employee came out and also ignored us. We spent at least 10 minutes standing at the counter in the vain hope that we could exchange our money for food.
The food here is fine (I've successfully been served previously), but there are better options with much better service located within just a few blocks.This place has good (not great) food but pricey for what you get.  Staff was friendly and quick. I recommend for a quick and satisfying meal.See my review from Halal on St. Charles. Only, I've been to this location once. If you've lived in NOLA for a while, it could be that our taste buds have been tuned to different flavors and tastes to us are just different than they are to New Yorkers. 2-stars only because the staff was super friendly at this location. 1-star otherwise.Halal Guys in NOLA is just as amazing as the NYC spots. I was so confused to read the poor reviews given in NOLA. I think people in NOLA don't understand that this is NOT Greek food. This is authentic Halal food and NOLA is lucky to have them in their town. If any New Yorkers tried this place they would agree. Great Halal just watch out for the hot sauce it's spicier than you think.If you'd like tasteless garbage served to you quickly, this is the chain for you! As good as the food is in every direction from this spot on Freret, I can't imagine how they do any business. An utter waste of a meal in New Orleans.Halal guys is amazing. The people that don't like it, don't know what to order. Get the combo with rice and douse it with white sauce. And a liberal about of red sauce. If you still don't like it, you are dumb.The white sauce is not vegan-friendly
I ordered The Halal Guys through Grub Hub. My food came fairly quick which was nice. I order the regular Falafel Platter with extra sauce and the small Falafel platter. I have eaten the Falafel platter so I was familiar with the taste. I have always ordered but never gone into their establishment so I do not know how their customer service is. I was disappointed to learn that their white sauce is made with egg so I had to pass on it. The red sauce which is hot sauce is very hot for my taste. I enjoy eating their falafel, my only complaint about the falafel is that is a little on the tough side to break into. I feel it was also kind of pricey for a small platter. I did not take pictures of my photos to show the size difference between the small and regular. It is a big difference with the small having 4 falafels while the regular came with five.  While, I enjoyed my meal I was saddened to learn about the white sauce because the platters sauce I feel help make the dish moist and not just rice, lettuce, tomato, and falafel and the red sauce is extremely hot to me. I am not sure I would order again from Halal Guys but I would not discourage others from ordering there if they were not vegan. Also I am concerned about people saying the pita in the store is next to the meatThe food was just alright. I got the falafel platter with rice and all the veggies. The veggies were crisp and fresh, but both the falafel and rice lacked flavor. It was just bland, unexciting food, and in a city bursting with flavor, this food misses the mark. I'm vegan, and also was not aware that the pita was warmed by being laid directly on top of the chicken, and would have skipped it if I knew ahead of time-- please take note if you are vegan as well. The hot sauce was really awful-- it had sort of a plastic taste. I skipped the white sauce, since it has eggs.
Overall, you're better off spending your money in a local, authentic restaurant with more flavor and spices.I'm pretty conflicted over this one. The thing is, it's fast, they're friendly and the food was tasty. But it's doesn't read Mediterranean or middle eastern at all.  I had the small combo bowl. A nice sized bowl filled with lettuce, tomatos, a red rice, gyro & chicken with white sauce and a little spicy red sauce. Also added a side of Falafel and Tahini. If I didn't know it came from this place, I would assume it came from a Mexican fast food restaurant. The quality was somewhere between Chipolte and Taco Bell. 
Just weird. The Gyro was like taco meat. I didn't "not" like it, I just was expecting Mediterranean food and didn't get it. The Falafel were disappointing. I hate to say it, but next time I think of going here, I'll probably go to Izzo's?!?  I feel bad, they were so nice.
**I decided to try Halal Guys again this week. Got the beef Gyro this time. It's better on the pita which was fresh. Expecting less, I didn't 'not' enjoy it. Still reads Tex mex fast food. Maybe it's the taco like hot sauce and the chopped beef. If it were cheaper than other gyros in town, I might go here on occasion as a fast food option, but it's not. Maybe the downtown location is doing something different?? I'll try that one some time.  The staff is still super nice and professional.Never had Halal guys before so I'm waiting in line for this location to open to give it a try. The first 100 people in line get free drinks for life!
Edit:   got the regular combo platter and it was really good. The red sauce is hot! Will definitely come backSatisfying after a parade, but not the best. I think it was a little more expensive than it was worth. My friend got a stomachache after reheating the rest of her meal, but not initially. So I don't know, maybe it's worth it? Maybe not.Day out with my teenage foodie.  Newly opened addition to Freret Street.  Food tasty but pricy for fast food.  I had chicken platter and junior had the beef.  He said his was dry.  We had a side of falafel.  No sauce though which you need when eating falafel.  Downside is they had the music so loud you could not hear the servers when placing order behind glass counter.  They have outside dining and the weather was splendid but there was a DJ outside playing equally as loud.  The music volume messed up my dining experience.  I will come back and try it again, only if I the volume gets turned down again.The Halal Guys has to be one of my favorite places to eat!
This was my first time at the Ferret location and I was pleasantly surprised. I thought I'd have to find street parking and do lots of walking (like most Nola locations) but they have their own parking lot behind the restaurant! That was a plus right there. The restaurant itself was very clean and smelled of delicious food.
There was one person working at the time but she was very nice and was quick to make our meals. I've had the combo gyro/chicken platter before but I prefer just the chicken. It very well seasoned and fresh. Also don't forget the delicious white sauce and jalapeños. I'd also say to give the red sauce a try on the side before adding it to you food if it's your first time. It's hot but that's not why I say to try it first (because I love spicy, spicy, food) it just has very unique flavor that can either be hit or miss. For me it's a miss, but my husband loves it. The platters and sandwiches are all delicious and combine together so well. 
All in all, I had a great experience at this location and plan on coming here more often now that I know they have there own parking.Tastes like what Mediterranean chain fast food would be expected to taste like. Or shall I say Americanized Mediterranean food... reminds me of Taco Bell.Went here to see what all the hype was about.
I'm only giving it 1 star for the service as the service was great!!
Food isn't good. At all.
It's not that the food wasnt cooked properly, it's that they do different things like chop up the beef/taco meat...and the white sauce is not a yogurt sauce...I'm unsure what it is, but it sucks. Won't go back. Nothing they can do to convince me to go back unless they change the menu.
If you are expecting a traditional Gryo with the lamb and beef combo meat that you see everywhere, well you are going to be disappointed. What they serve is basically ground beef with lettuce and diced tomatoes and hot sauce and white sauce on a thick pita...it's more like a soft taco flavor than the gyro that I know of...
It tastes like nothing of the Gyro with the strips of meat, tomato, onion, cucumber, feta and that tahziki sauce I know of.
Actually, it's very disappointing since it's so close to my house....I'll be sticking with the other places in the area that serve a gyro...
Sorry for the bad news and review! I really wanted it to be good. But it wasn't. Not sure how people think this is actually good or call it a gyro...
I'm sad.
I'll stick with the "shawarma to go" place on magazine that's inside the gas station.I loved what I had. The chicken platter. Very quick and very convenient if you want something fast and decent food. Think Izzo's, Chipotle in terms of ordering and process. I've only been once but would definitely go back.The only good thing about this place is that they're open late. Went there after a parade and was extremely disappointed with the food and service. The beef sandwich was literally just a piece of mediocre bread with some lettuce and tomato thrown on, and meat that was absolutely flavorless and extremely oily. My friend got the falafel bowl and was not happy with it either. The service was very unfriendly, and overall just not a good experience. I will not be coming back here again.This place is as good as any of its popular sit down locations in nyc. The service is even friendlier. Take note these are not gyros people, try a halal sandwich or platter with tahini sauce and get the hot sauce on the side so it's not too spicy. The regular white sauce compliments the food well too. I've lived in a few cities without halal guys since getting out of nyc and it's great that nola has it as an option. I tried cleos my first night here and they were charging 60 cents for hot sauce like a bunch of amateurs. Do not run the halal guys out of town diverse cuisines are a good thing.Great service, but not my taste. I love Mediterranean food, but for some reason I don't like the meats that this franchise uses. It's not that I don't like this location, I just don't like the franchise.Fast food gyros. Brilliant idea. Pretty good execution. While it is not the same quality as some more established local Middle Eastern restaurants, it is excellent for what it is supposed to be. A fast food restaurant. Limited menu, and stuff is ready in a flash. 
The employees are nice, friendly and cheerful. The restaurant was clean and the food was tasty. 
In the same way that you don't go to Subway expecting gourmet sandwich,  you don't come here expecting a chef crafted plate of Mediterranean delights.  You pay for the convenience and time saved. The food is good and a great addition to the dining options in this area. I like it!This opened up right down the street from my house and it's soooo good!!! 
I try to be a vegetarian most of the time so I've only ordered the falafel platter and they have always fried it fresh for me which makes it 1,000x better than a competitor with soggy or old falafel. The baba ghanoush is also really smoky and flavorful which is a welcome change to a lot of places opting for a more mild option. 
The platter comes with rice that is somehow magically always perfectly cooked! You would think with their big rice pots sometimes it wouldn't be perfect, but I haven't had bad rice yet! Their salad with the platter is also a nice fresh change and when you hold the whole platter it really is a lot of food, a great bang for your buck. 
The restaurant is still going through some growing pains in a highly competitive area, so visit and eat with a dose of understanding and open-mindedness to more middle eastern food in the city (as you know, everyone in Nola is fiercely loyal to what they already love). 
So great!!I only gave them 5 stars because there was no option for 6! Seriously, the falafels are delicious and they're only $2 per order of two. Also, the hot sauce is HOT. I only order the veggie stuff like hummas and baba ganouj and it's also very tasty. Super friendly service. When I told them I was vegan, they made sure to not cook my pita bread on the same burner as the chicken, and when I told them that I like spicy food, she gave me a free order of their super secret SPICY HUMMUS. I know it's a chain and locals don't like chains, but seriously get over it. Locals work here.I ordered the chicken and gyro platter, baba ganoush, hummus, and a few falafels. It was my toddler and I eating, so I figured we'd share and I'd have leftovers for later. Literally, everything was TERRIBLE. The meat (both of them!) tasted like dog food, the pita was soggy, the hummus had a strange taste almost like it was bad, the baba ganoush was tolerable, but still not worth eating. My toddler eats EVERYTHING, and he attempted to fling it off the table. He wouldn't eat another bite after he tried it.. I threw all twenty something dollars worth of food in the trash. I don't understand the hype? Or maybe there isn't anymore... From other reviews, I'm not the only one that's been disappointed. Bleh.Finally had the opportunity to try Halal guys for dinner and it did not disappoint! 
We had the food delivered through postmates and the delivery was fantastic!
I had the beef/chicken combo gyro while my girlfriend had the combo plate with a side of fries.
The beef and chicken was seasoned out of this world. I've never had kebab meat taste this magnificent and juicy with each bite! I could not get enough! 
Top it off with some fries and a baklava dessert and you cannot go wrong! 
Definitely give this a place a shot!The falafels are delicious and at $2 per order of two, you can't beat it! I can't comment on their gyros or whatever because I don't eat meat, but I'm sure it's just as bad as the others say, but the vegan options are quite tasty!  An order of hummus or baba ganouj is only $3 and their signature hot sauce is REALLY HOT. (some of the best I've ever tasted!) They're also really friendly. No one can say they got bad service here.I was really excited to find that this place was open late and decided to give it a try. Not even the copious amounts of alcohol I consumed beforehand could make what I had acceptable.   I actually was so appalled by my food that it was compelled to write my first ever yelp review.
The gyro meat is actually ground beef, seasoned with what I imagine is a packet of taco seasoning, as I definitely tasted chili powder and cumin.   It is not anything like gyro meat - that's like calling a hamburger filet mignon.
The worker asked me if I wanted barbecue sauce on my sandwich, which I should have taken as a sign to turn back.  I was a bit confused, and said, "no, tzatziki please."  He told me that they only had a "white sauce" which was basically tzatziki without the cucumbers.  It was also tzatziki without the mint/dill, lemon, garlic, or yogurt.  So what is their white sauce? My Google research revealed that it is just mayonnaise. MAYONNAISE. Ugh 
I asked if I could add cucumbers or feta to make this sandwich at least slightly resemble a gyro.  Nope - they don't have either of those things. Then the worker asked if I wanted peppers on it.  At this point, I realized I was not eating anything close to a gyro tonight.  Fine, go ahead and add peppers to my crappy burrito.  (I was actually surprised that they made their sandwiches with pita and not flour tortillas, given the absurdity of everything else that is this restaurant.)
It seems as the owner/management will defend the "quality and authenticity" of their food by reciting that this is "genuine halal."  All that means is that this grade d beef came from a cow that had a prayer said for it while its throat was slit.  Don't confuse genuine halal with genuine middle eastern / Mediterranean cuisine. It's a marketing scam. 
I woke up feeling shameful over the greasy, fake gyro I had consumed and went to Shwarma on the Go to fulfill my needs, where I had the most delicious gyro (from a gas station none the less!) and laughed about this monstrosity with the workers.Wasn't very hungry so I had the falafels 2 for $1 w white sauce. I enjoyed them & the service was friendly.I got mix meat platter to go.  It was so so.  Flavorless meat and rice.  Very oily meal.  My pita bread that comes with the meal taste and smell old.  Nothing great about the white sauce, reminds me of mayonnaise but with ranch texture.Great.  Luv it. The gyros are incredible. Fries are cooked to order.  Beautiful concept will be back weekly for my fix.Ok - almost skipped this one because of some negative reviews - but a buddy said he had been and really liked it.  First off we were treated by friendly and helpful staff, and eventually met the new General Manager, Brian. Wow talk about eager to please! He's a guy who understands that restaurants are service industries.  
I was really hoping for a traditional lamb gyro but as the manager explained as a chain they made a commitment to consistency. At first this made me hesitant but I was happily wrong!  The beef prepared the same as the lamb with the same spices and flavor was absolutely on par with any other gyro meat I have eaten.  The server was eager to load up my gyro - almost overflowing with meat and add-one.  The hot sauce is perfectly flavorful and hot!  I added the Chicken too.  My buddy did the same thing. Incredibly satisfying and although we didn't get everything on the menu everything we ate was great.  I believe in Yelp but I'm gonna urge you to ignore the rating and try it for yourself. I can't wait to go back.  Maybe the new management is the difference? I don't know but I'm definitely a new fan.  Will post a picture of the behemoth gyro I was served.Ok - almost skipped this one because of some negative reviews - but a buddy said he had been and really liked it.  First off we were treated by friendly and helpful staff, and eventually met the new General Manager, Brian. Wow talk about eager to please! He's a guy who understands that restaurants are service industries.  
I was really hoping for a traditional lamb gyro but as the manager explained as a chain they made a commitment to consistency. At first this made me hesitant but I was happily wrong!  The beef prepared the same as the lamb with the same spices and flavor was absolutely on par with any other gyro meat I have eaten.  The server was eager to load up my gyro - almost overflowing with meat and add-one.  The hot sauce is perfectly flavorful and hot!  I added the Chicken too.  My buddy did the same thing. Incredibly satisfying and although we didn't get everything on the menu everything we ate was great.  I believe in Yelp but I'm gonna urge you to ignore the rating and try it for yourself. I can't wait to go back.  Maybe the new management is the difference? I don't know but I'm definitely a new fan.  Will post a picture of the behemoth gyro I was served.  
Ok I have to give an update about a year later - went back and I think we may have been on a hidden camera show because it was like the employees were literally moving in slow motion - honestly it was painful to watch- this place is doomed is my prediction. How could they get through lunch hour. Management really needs to step it up a whole bunch of notches. There is a reason it's One of the only restaurants in New Orleans with 2 1/2 star ratingI really tried to give this place a chance. When we walked in there were two tables seated and three people working behind the counter. When we approached the counter we were told that they could not take our order because they needed the beef to be cooked first and two workers were very busy cooking what appeared to be two 20 lb mounds of meat.
So we waited at the cash register forever. I simply wanted to order & pay and sit down and wait for our food, but the two cooks never left their station and the other employees behind the counter would appear and disappear at random and tell us wait a little longer. We ended up waiting in front of the cash register for 15 minutes before we gave up and left.I have been here several times since they opened and love the beef gyro. No it is not the traditional lamb/beef that we are used to but the taste was awesome. Hummus was good. Baklava was moist and yummy. Go see for yourself.