While visiting New Orleans we were lucky enough to stay in the neighborhood of The Half Shell.  Very friendly staff and yummy reasonably priced food.  The freshly shucked oysters were fantastic.Had Star Wars after wedding rehearsal dinner, the primavera and catfish were awesome.My girlfriend and I stopped in during our New Orleans trip for the oyster happy hour special. We LOVE oysters and we're both from Maryland so we know our seafood. We both thought the oysters were AWESOME!! And they were HUGE. The seafood gumbo was also excellent. Had a chance to meet the man who makes the gumbo and shucks the oysters- really friendly and provided great advice on where to go for music. We'll be back.A new place opened up in the neighborhood so I took a walk down for breakfast on Saturday morning. While the Half Shell is obviously more of an oyster bar and grill than a breakfast joint, they've been pitching breakfast as well, so I figured I would check it out. As much as I would like another decent breakfast place in walking distance, this isn't it. Just go a block down to Santa Fe.
I guess I have to start with the service. I went at about 9 a.m. and there were two other tables with people. Unfortunately, there was one person working. One. That's it. This poor woman had to run out of the kitchen and hand me a menu, then ask for my drink order. She had to run back and keep an eye on the food, cooking, then run back out to get orders. I have no idea how she kept it up, but I do know how my order wasn't done right. Considering the circumstances, waiting 40 minutes or so for my food wasn't too bad. And shortly after that, my drink even showed up. And then, my order was corrected, but, well, just bad. After I had been there about 30 minutes, I watched a car pull up and park in a spot directly in front of the door. Sure enough, it was another worker. So good news that somebody else showed up, but kind of funny to have a place with three spots right in front, and have one of your workers take up one of them. This was within the first two weeks of the place being open, so I would think you would want to be over-staffed if anything. Anyway, for service, I want to give the one woman a bonus or something for trying to keep up, but the restaurant? I'll give it a 4 out of 20.
The atmosphere was non-existent. No music, no tv's in a sterile type place with big windows just looking outside. I guess the atmosphere was just the other people talking and all. It wasn't bad, just non-existent. I'll give it a 13 out of 30.
The food was okay. It did take awhile to get an omelet, but it tasted okay. I had ordered toast and received grits, which I don't much like. I eventually received my toast, but that was simply a couple pieces of white bread, slightly burnt. All uninspired. I'm guessing serving breakfast was just an after-thought to try to get a few more customers in, but I would recommend they just stop if they can't get people to work. Tough to go back to try the specialties when something basic wasn't worthwhile. I'll give it a 25 out of 50 for food.
Final score = 41 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).Crapy customer service.A group of us decided to stop by on a Saturday evening to have dinner but unfortunately that didn't happen.Just as everyone else on here has said there seems to be a shortage on wait staff there.Our waitress seemed to be bad with taking orders.Majority of us ordered bottled water but some kind of way she managed to bring us iced water(smh).Also there seemed to have been a shortage on menus because 3 of the six of us didnt get a menu.Long story short the waitress never came back to take our food order even after the owner saw that we had been sitting unattended for some time therefore we decided to just pay for our drinks and head on over to Neyows.Brought some friends from England here and we all were so impressed! Our server, Darienne, was so sweet. She told the visitors "we'll make you feel like family!" and she did. 
Their $5 catfish plate (Sunday special) with a generous portion of expertly fried catfish, potato salad and peas, was a great value. 
My friends had raw oysters, shrimp creole, shrimp pasta, and fried shrimp salad. They all enjoyed their meals and RAVED about the taste. Only comment is that the portions of the shrimp creole and shrimp pasta were on the small side for the price. They felt like it should come with a side salad, vegetable and/or bread to make it more filling and make it feel like you are getting more value for your money.
The drinks were fabulous, I had a mango daiquiri and my friend had a strawberry daiquiri. It was finely blended and we thoroughly enjoyed them. They also had a great beer selection that my friends enjoyed.
My friend and I also had oyster shooters. I have never had all of the elements "layered" into the shot glass with the vodka floating on top. Usually the vodka, horseradish, tomato juice/cocktail cause is all mixed together (which I prefer). I would pass on this next time.
Overall my friends had a great experience and I will definitely go back!Great food, been here before. I think they have expanded there menu. The gumbo is off the chain. And the voodoo bleu is unique. I think they are on the right track. Only time will tell.Raw oysters were great, gumbo was awesome... However, table service needs improvement. Really poor server so is it worth the wait ?????This place is amazing. Customer service, oysters, and people are hands down best in town. Being from out of town, they served us amazing dinner and then directed us to the next best places in town. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!Our 5F (Fourth Friday for Food Foodies and Fun) ladies decided to Eat Nola Noir this week choosing  Half Shell on he Bayou for our dining experience.  We're giving it 4 stars for those fresh cold and salty oysters!!!  The atmosphere was relaxing with great R&B song selections playing on the radio......woe oh oh oh ooooh on the radio (I digress).  Also ordered was charbroiled oysters, gumbo, crab cakes, stuffed mushrooms, grilled chicken wings, a seafood platter, BBQ shrimp and margaritas.  The food was good, well seasoned, and real NOLA Gumbo There just needs to be some efficiency improvements, one of our ladies got her wings when we all were mostly done with our food.   The staff were friendly, even stepping outside to take our pictures and calling on the owner to come out and join the photo shoot.  If you're looking for good seafood you won't go wrong here!!This place has the recipe for a good restaurant they just are not following it. The service is horrible and food times are ridiculous. I ordered oysters and a salad. The salad came but I am waiting on the oysters ,my appatizer, as I type this. One in the kitchen and one on the floor will not serve your customers. I finally received my oysters and they were delicious but that does not make up for the sub par service.We went here on our vacation for a bachelorette party. They were so accommodating! The food was so amazing and delicious. The owner was awesome and so nice! The staff was very nice and on point. We want to come back for every meal. Definitely recommend them for all our friends!!We had a great dinner.  Raw and BBQ oysters were terrific, as good as we have had any where in Nola  the shrimp pasta was surprisingly tasty.  And the gumbo was the best I've had -- delicious spice combo. Our son who is a po boy junkie loved his shrimp po boy. Owners and staff were really friendly and welcoming.  We'll be back.The only reason I'm giving this place a 3 star rating is because the food was good. No complaints there. 
However, we showed up right at lunch around 1:45 and there was only one other occupied table at the restaurant. The server completely ignored our request for a glass of water and brought everyone a $1.50 bottle of water and a glass. (We know they have water because a group came in during our time there and got glasses of water)
Our wait time was a little surprising for a restaurant that's completely empty. When our food did arrive, it arrived in an uncoordinated fashion. One of the people in our group ordered a chicken salad and it didn't arrive at the table until everyone else had finished their meals.
Considering the fantastic meals we had the rest of our trip this one was well below our expectations.  Mainly in the service.We were in the mood for seafood and Essence Fest Weekend had bogged down all the hotspots in Midcity. We discovered The Half Shell using Yelp! And yay it was great! Don't let the exterior fool you, this charming and cozy locally owned business delivers smiles and satisfaction. I almost don't want to tell you about it so that it can stay one of New Orleans' little secrets! 
The dining room was mostly empty except for one party of six wrapping up their evening. Nadia let us choose our table and also served us. The dining room was so comfortable. The tables had seafood themed vinyl table cloths (ideal for catching fried food bits and clarified butter), awesome local oil paintings featuring Prince and Elton John, and warm painted walls. Blues Brothers was playing on Bounce TV, and popular R&B jams on the sound system. R&B assists with proper digestion in case you didn't know. (Yessssssss)
I ordered two appetizers for my meal, the crab cakes (3 to an order) and the BBQ shrimp (6 to an order). My boyfriend ordered the catfish/shrimp combo platter. Platters include fries and hush puppies and is truly A PLATTER. HUGE. HUGE. I started with the BBQ shrimp and heads up, these suckers are not peeled. Luckily my Cajun boy helped me from the sheer embarrassment of being unprepared to peel shrimp. Sooooo good. Perfectly cooked, the sauce BUTTERY. Crab cakes were awesome too and I took a box because I was already full. The seafood platter was deliciously prepared. Batter was crisp, and flaky, everything was cooked perfectly. 
Next time you're in the mood for seafood, try The Half Shell...just don't go telling everyone, it will be our little seafood secret!Seriously, couldn't be happier we found this restaurant!!  The crab cakes and gumbo were delicious. The gumbo tasted homemade and was full of flavor. The portion size for a cup was large as well.  We came on a oyster happy hour day which gets you an extra half dozen for free if you buy one dozen. By far the best chargrilled oysters I've ever had. The service was great and friendly. I will definitely be brining my out of town guests to one of my new favorite restaurants in New Orleans.One of the worst places I have ever eaten at. It took over an hour to get served food and only was able to get one drink. The place wasn't even crowded because it's very small. The waitresses did do their best but they seemed overwhelmed. The owner, instead of helping the staff was too busy flirting with a table full of women. The food wasn't even worth the wait.Horrible, horrible service, personnel extremely unfriendedly.  They we're not even busy, one or  two tables, people at bar sitting for long time without service.  Food was tasty, not generous portions for what pay for... The bar stool I was sitting on, the support leg broke off, I informed the owner, he came over and said "well don't try Sue me, just get another stool!".  Nice and clean ambience,  but what good is nice place when you have horrible service. Absolutely hated jumbo TV above the bar, with news channel, could have been Music videos station instead, although, they did have great music playing through speakers.  Will not be going back...I usually only like East Coast oysters - love the briny!  However, these were local and large and so fresh!  A little horseradish and it was delicious!  Crab cakes are obviously made here.  I'm used to golden brown but these were dark brown.  Never mind the color - absolutely delicious!   A lot of fancier places in the area but this is a good value and full bar with a low key atmosphere.Oysters were OK and BBQ shrimp were pretty bad. The worst part was the service. Only one waitress for 6+ tables. Won't be trying this again...This place is TERRIBLE! Go elsewhere. Service is awful; owner walks around and never even acknowledges the patrons; just bs with the employees.Loved this place.   Beautiful neighborhood and casual dining.  service was slow but we were enjoying the place so I'm still giving it five stars.  Husband and I each had the shrimp po' boy which was delicious.  Salt and pepper fries were perfect.  We found the place while just driving around and it came up on Google maps.  Go, relax and enjoy this nice out of the way place.Wait staff and management are horrible, condescending, disrespectful, rude. Not professional at all. Was told that the staff was on vacation and one staff member was at Essence festival therefore we waited over an hour to receive our food. There was no bread or anything to eat on will we waited. We ordered our appetizers and received it at the same time as our entree. The hostess/waitress/bartender addressed us with a condescending attitude and tried to offer us complimentary drinks when no one at the table wanted it. Would never recommend this place to anyone especially Essence festival goers.Two stars are for food alone. Service was, well nearly nonexistent. I'm guessing none of the staff has worked at a restaurant before. They weren't rude at all just slow and unaware of goings on. Picking a table was easy...only one empty table had been cleared of dirty dishes. Had to ask for water and a refill while we watched another women eat entire meal without receiving hers and she had asked. Never got one item and was billed for it. Waffle machine was broke, for how long who knows. Hope they figure things out bc decent food (sweet potato pancake) and like walking to restaurants in neighborhood.Here is your secret awesome jazz fest surprise that you will return to even if you're not here for jazz fest.
Mark (owner) serves with charm and spice.  Good food, good vibe, good location.
And yay for the clean bathroom!I will be eating here again, the next time I come to New Orleans. The staff was awesome, very friendly. The food was great, for the price was reasonable.Some friends wanted to check out this place so I figured why not.  It's a simple neighborhood style restaurant/oyster bar that lacks character.  The food is pretty good, but it's a little pricy for me and a rather limited menu.  A dozen oysters is about $18.  The Voodoo Blue were really good (bacon and blue cheese oysters) but eating them is like a $20 snack.  The food channel was on the big screen so most of the time I sat there I was thinking about going to eat other food.  Perhaps they should consider changing that.  It's not BYOB anymore... if it was, it would be a 4.Been here three times before at Jazz Fest 2015.
They're in a new location now but the grilled Oysters are fantastic. Gotta try the Voodoo Oysters, they're to die for. Mojito's were great too.It was absolutely great! 
Food was phenomenal.... I had the gumbo! 
I'm definitely going back with all my friends. 
What a nice place to be on a Friday night!!Great food and great service! Definitely would recommend to anybody visiting the city.I visited Half Shell on the Bayou with a small group looking to support the restaurant for Black Restaurant Week. Overall I really enjoyed the experience but there were a few details that make the restaurant fall short of the 5-Star mark. 
The good - Our server was very nice. The catfish and gumbo were delicious and the price for a catfish plate and bowl of gumbo were phenomenal considering these menu items were really good.
The bad - The catfish special ($5) consisted of a nice sized filet of fish, macaroni and cheese or potato salad and peas or corn. I asked for potato salad but just before our food came out I was asked if I would be okay with something else and I went for mac and cheese. The macaroni was not worth writing about, so I hope the potato salad is better.The peas were not good at all. For $5, though, I still considered that piece of fish a good deal.
The ugly - It took forever for our food to come. Luckily no one was in a rush and the server did comp drinks without anyone having to complain. I consider that a huge plus, but we had no idea what the delay was when the restaurant was far from full.
Overall I liked this place and will try it again when I know I have time to kill. I think that if a restaurant submits itself to something like BRW they should be ready to serve customers more quickly than we were served and it doesn't appear that this was a one time thing. When they get that together I think this place will be great.Nice, basic seafood place/oyster bar. The oysters were big and well-presented and the waitress was really nice. There isn't a huge beer selection but nothing wrong with Abita Amber.
There are some outside tables and a bowl of water for  dogs whose owners are at those tables. They have televisions inside and have a sound system so you can hear a game, for example,  even if you want to sit outside.I wasn't impressed with the food or service. We were the only table in the restaurant and the food took a long time. The $18.99 shrimp and catfish platter should be called a sampler because there wasn't a lot of food at all. My expectations are attainable...this is New Orleans people.Im want to give Half Shell the benefit of the doubt because just about everything was awesome except for one thing. My party started off with grilled oysters, shrimp and crab cakes. The shrimp went fast so I imagine they were good. I probably wouldnt get the crab cakes again. The grilled oysters tho....BANGING. Definitely the best oysters I have ever had.The food was delicious!!! The service was wonderful and very welcoming. I had a hard time moving I ate so wellI spent 12 days in New Orleans and in and around Lafayette.  I ate in a lot of restaurants, high end, low end, and in-between.  The Half Shell had the best crab cakes, the best seafood gumbo, the freshest oysters (much fresher than the more famous places in the Quarter), and the lightest, tastiest fry.  The hospitality was fabulous!  Casual and friendly but not touristy.  If you're visiting the area and staying in the Quarter or downtown, take a walk on Esplanade, a cab or the 91 bus; you'll be glad you did.  Very highly recommended.Oysters were fresh, large, tasty, shucked to order and well priced. Service was quick and friendly. Looking forward to returning.Let me start off by saying I am usually someone who frowns at the thought of eating restaurant gumbo and secretly judges people who enjoy it. I always say no restaurant gumbo tastes like the gumbo your grandma whips up on holidays. But...cinco de mayo happened to fall on a day I went to French quarter fest. The half shell had a sale on margaritas so I drunkenly ended up here. One of my friends ordered gumbo and I rolled my eyes. But the greediness in me emerged so I took a slurp to see  what it was hitting for. LET ME JUST TELL YOU I WAS IMPRESSED! It almost tasted like somebody's grandma was in the back stirring the pot with her big toe! So, basically if you go here please get you a cup or bowl of gumbo to start. You will not be disappointed unless you really love thick, flavorless gumbo that you find at touristy places. The only thing that made me sad is that they don't have Uber eats or waitr here :(The Half Shell Is one of my favorite restaurants to bring family and friends for a great love dining  experience. Mark and his staff always makes everyone feel very welcomed.  The food and drinks will have you coming back for more and if you love chargrilled oysters let's just say they are always on point. The ambiance is great. Wanna know more stop by for Happy Hour I'm sure I'll run into you! Bon Appetite!!!Went to NOLA for the weekend and wanted something authentic. We got the opposite. Poorly served, our appetizer came out after all of our food and was burnt, red beans and rice had more sausage and sauce than beans and rice...
Bread was cold and dry and the garlic sauce was not good at all. 
The wings were good though. I would suggest getting oysters, I didn't have them but that was the only food I heard anyone say something positive about and there were 8 people at our table...says a lot. Complaints all around and when we asked to speak to the manager he didn't even come to our table he just yelled to us from across the bar...
They also couldnt split checks and they informed us of this after our meal was over.
There was only one other table in the restaurant....no wonder. 
Would never recommend this place to anyone. It was a tragic experience for 6 out of 8 of us.Great food, great service, outstand8ng atmosphere.  We had an amazing Sunday afternoon dining experience.Hubby and I had a few hours to kill while the kids were hanging with family.  Went in just for a drink, but decided to get appetizers.  I ordered the BBQ and he order the char grilled oysters. BAAABEY! I ordered more bread so I could clean my bowl! Now I'm not a fan of oysters, but daaang those char grilled oysters were awesome! Next time, we come to NO, they will see us again :)This place is a gem! If your an oyster love this is the place to go. The oysters are huge and delicious. Between the hours of 4-6 they have $2 mojitos and margaritas! Go check it out!When you walk in the restaurant it has a heavy fryer smell in the restaurant, nothing looks organize , you guys waisting your time there or have a better management. Everywhere is packed around you guys on Saturday. Wake up !!!Went there last night. I had the voodoo blue chargrilled oysters which are chargrilled oysters with blue cheese and bacon. I was in seventh heaven!! The oyster dishes were served with garlic French bread which soaked up all the left over juices. My wife had their oyster sampler which she loved.  We both had the mango daiquiris which really tasted like fresh mangos. We liked them so much we ordered seconds to take home. The service was a bit slow but they were hand shucking the oysters at the bar so they were fresh.  We will definitely be back soon.My girlfriend and I went there on a Monday night, and our whole experience was awesome.  We ordered a dozen raw and watched the guy shuck them right in front of us.  The gumbo was amazing.  Apparently it was the owners mothers recipe.  My girl got the red beans in rice and she enjoyed it quite a bit.  We were in town from Lexington, KY and really had a great time here.  The oysters were very fresh, just a very positive overall experience!!Has to be one of the best creole and seafood restaurants in the City of New Orleans with great serviceWent there on a sunday at 12pm.  There was 4 other tables in there and our table ordered the breakfast.  Nothing complicated, eggs.  1 hour later, the waitress came to the table and said they were out of 3 different things.  We told her to bring whatever as we just wanted to eat and had been there so long.  We were so hungry we ordered 1/2 dozen oysters that came with ketchup and nothing else....hmmm.  1 1/2 hours later, the first meal came, a few minutes later the 2nd, then the 3rd and finally 10 minutes later, the 4th and last meal.  The eggs were cold, the avocado was rotten and the tomatoes were slushy.  We asked for the bill and that took another 10 minutes until I finally went up to the stand and asked where it was.  The waitress said she had to add it all up and was having a hard time.  Poor service, Poor food, Poor Ambiance.  NO THANK YOU.I definitely will be back. I enjoyed my char-grilled  oysters. They were so good and just full of flavor. My son had the catfish plate. He's Two years old and ate the whole Catfish Platter combo by himself. One piece of fried catfish and a basket of fries is what i like to call a Toddler's Dream! HE LOVED IT AND OF COURSE I HAD TO TAKE A PIECE WHILE HE WASN'T LOOKING AND IT WAS DELICIOUS!!! The catfish was fresh and hot with that good flavor. The pasta was great as well. I enjoyed the texture and creaminess of it. I had a good ratio of shrimp inside my pasta bowl as well  for a small. What put the cherry on top of this experience for me is the bar and outside seating. It's fun. Veryy Jazzy!!!! and ARRAY OF DIFFERENT TUNES OF JAZZ, POP, ETC. CAN BE HEARD ON THE SPEAKERS. Overall A New Orleans Place to be at! i ENJOYED MY alcoholic beverag. My son enjoyed hisself and my friend enjoyed the oysters. Will be back!!!Amazing oysters.  Biggest oysters I've seen.  We knocked down a dozen and got a half dozen of the voodoo bleu - delicious.  So glad we found this place.  We are definitely coming back next time we're in Nola.Summary: waited around 2 hours for 3 dozen oysters to come out. Waitress come by maybe a total of 5 times. So many places to get seafood in New Orleans that it's not worth waiting here.
We got there at 5pm so we were able to take advantage of the generous happy hour. Took a long time for the waitress to come out initially, which was odd considering we were one of 4 parties in the restaurant and 3 waitresses were working. We bought two dozen (1 Voodoo Bleu dozen, 1 chargrilled dozen) which gave us a free dozen which we got raw. Raw oysters took about 20 minutes and we finished them up quickly. 20 minutes went by and we didn't see the chargrilled oysters or the waitress. She came out eventually to check on our drinks and told us "They're just coming off the grill now". 10 minutes later "They'll be out any minute." 10 minutes later they arrive and she tells us there are "kitchen issues."
The last dozen came out about another half hour later. This is a ridiculous amount of time. If they want to stay open, they have to fix whatever "kitchen issues" they have. We also added the Half Shell Gumbo to our order because we were still a bit hungry. It came out quickly enough but it was really lacking flavor. Seemed watered down and hurried. 
Throughout the night, we see the owner coming in and out and not once did he stop and talk to us or ask us how things were. He likely knew about it and didn't care or he just wasn't aware of what his staff was doing. He sat down with some other tables at various times. He even sat down and took his own dinner (which I'm guessing he didn't have to wait over an hour for.) Our waitress was on her cellular phone multiple times during the night. It seemed like the staff just didn't care about us. 
Our drink orders took 10 minutes to fetch each time even though we were about 30 ft from the bar. The waitress would disappear to the back then reappear much later with our drinks.
I got my tab and noticed they didn't charge me for a beer. I didn't want the waitress to eat the cost so I pointed it out. No 'Thank you' or anything just an 'Oh' then she went and added it to the tab. I didn't want a hero's parade but usually waitstaff appreciate that kind of honesty.
They failed so spectacularly on every level, I couldn't recommend them at all. Even though the oysters were good, they are definitely not worth that long a wait.The food here is great! My six-year-old daughter loves the gumbo and fried oysters. This restaurant is a must-see for tourists and locals alike seeking an authentic New Orleans Cuisine experience!Great service and by far the biggest oysters I have ever seen! Shrimp pasta was really good tooThe service is awful and the food mediocre. One of out party never got her food order. Don't bother with this place. Far better places around.Awesome chicken wings!  Sides are "ok".  We had the fried shrimp, blackened redfish, and the trout. The fish was overcooked. Shrimp well fried.  Bread pudding -eh-.  Great service. We intend to give them another try.Nice owner, good location, big parking lot.  Walked in on Friday at lunch time and I was the only person there... okay, there was one other guy there, but he was buddies with the owner so I really didn't count him.  I was worried.  So I hedged my bet and order some char-grilled oysters and a glass of tea.  While I was waiting I started talking to the owner and the other guy having a good time and before I knew, the owner talked me into a dozen raw while I waited - and of course he did it (talk me into the raw oysters) in the best of ways by giving me one to try.  It was great!  So now I was hooked and ordered a dozen more.  By that time my char-grilled oysters showed up, and hot damn they were great too.
As I was leaving the owner gave me sample of what he described as a ole NOLA staple in the hood, that being a roast beef soup with some name I can't remember.  It was cold that day and he was right, it warmed me right up.
It was a good day.Took to long to get to trying out. Oysters big and fresh. Sit by the bar and talk to Bernard while he shucks sack after sack. Looking forward to trying their Bayou road location when they move. We will be visiting soon as they open.Great food at a great price. It was fantastic especially the grilled oysters. The margaritas were top of the line!  In the top five on my list. I definitely recommend this restaurant for lunch or dinner. My compliments to the chef!  The wait staff was above and beyond.I had the Jumbo wing "Lemon Pepper" & Chargrilled oysters! Amazing , The server was very polite & Music and Football !Good oysters. Chargrilled are great , raw are good. Would not honor restaurant coupon I purchased , 25$ off,  because it "expired" even though it says DOES NOT EXPIRE. Took clients on dinner and they made the situation extremely uncomfortable in front of them. Bought 2 restaurant tickets , one was honored before ~ 1 year ago, now all of a sudden this one doesn't apply. Not likely to visit this place again. Though the server offered us 3 free drinks to make amends and they did give us 15% off but was not the deal we expected. She was great, polite, and deserved a great tip.I had a terrible experience. Food was good, oysters were fantastic, but the food was overpriced and the service was terrible. We were the only people in the restaurant but we had terrible service from an incompetent server.OYSTER FAN HERE
Came in about 2pm today, just to have a simple dozen raw. This is exactly what I want in my neighborhood. Darnell the shucker does an excellent job. Told us he worked under Mike at Casamentos, my favorite place for oysters. No reason to even go there now. Absolutely no rocks/grit on the plump oysters. Prices are exactly where they should be. He gave us some lagniappe and I made sure to remember to come back again and again. Five Stars and a great addition to mid-city!Every time I go and get the charbroiled Oysters there're great. The waitresses are very friendly. I will be there this week also.Oysters were extremely small and burnt! I let the server know, but nothing was done. No oysters were brought to replace the burnt ones (more than half burnt to the shell) and no discount was given. I paid $20 for food I couldn't eat or enjoy! And we came specifically for the oysters.Really nice place!  The atmosphere was great and the waitress was really nice.  I had the House Special: Voodoo Bleu Oysters.  They were very delicious.  I, also, had the hamburger.  It was huge and very tasty.  The only thing was I ordered it medium and it was more well done, but it was extremely juicy so I didn't mention it.  I would like to try out their happy hour one of these days.Very comfortable atmosphere, the Mint Mojito was delicious. Waitress and owner were very nice.  3 people ordered burgers, they were average. I ordered Shrimp Creole tasted like it came out of s can, do thick and another ordered hot sausage poboy, nothing special. The owner took off the creole and did make it up with a complimentary bowl of seafood gumbo that was almost as good as my Cajun grandmothers.  I wouldn't say my experience was awful but in a city where good food is so prevalent they definitely need to step their game up.Great food
Oysters were $13 per dozen, and they were large, fresh, and delicious. 
Gumbo was fantastic and everything was very reasonable. (About $30 for two at lunch)
Owner came out and met us and even gave us a complimentary gumbo! True southern hospitality.  This place is a MUST if you go to NOLA.Stopped by here for a lateish night snack with a friend a few weeks ago. We had the oyster platter and a side of garlic mashed potatoes, both of which were delicious! The Voo Doo Oysters were definitely the best option on the platter, but all of the other food that we ordered was good but pretty forgettable. Our server was also nice, but it took her a while to get us our check and there was only one other table filled in the restaurant. 
I definitely think this restaurant is worth another shot, so I look forward to trying something else the next time I'm there.We had the pleasure of attending a wedding rehearsal dinner at Half Shell New Orleans on August 12th.  The food was fabulous,  the service excellent, the owner and staff all warm and welcoming to our large and festive crowd. We had a week long eating frenzy of eating in our favorite New Orleans restaurants and Half Shell stood out  for the ambience,  quality of the food and the feeling that the owner and staff were genuinely happy to see us all enjoy their efforts.
Half Shell New Orleans is worth venturing into a lovely historical neighborhood  few tourists explore, and sharing a meal with locals. Next time we'll go for lunch, visit City Park and the New Orleans Museum of Art, then go back for dinner! We can't wait to try everything on the menu!This place doesnt look like much from the outside but, I walk by frequently and its been here for a minute, so thought I would give it a try. 
Upon entering, it's got a classic "down home" and divey vibe. It's cute, it's clean, and cozy. The service is friendly and top notch!
Once in the front door, I had a call out from the bar to sit wherever I'd like. They have outdoor seating but it wasnt offered on this day - likely due to a gusty wind outside. So I opted for a high top in a window, overlooking beautiful Esplanade Avenue!
I would describe the menu as typical NOLA fare. Im dieting and was so pleased to also see some awesome salads on the menu as well. I opted for a half dozen oysters on the halfshell. They were shucked when ordered, and arrived at my table cold, plump, and delicious! I like them with just a tiny squeeze of lemon but I didnt put a thing on these. They were perfect just the way they are! Some of the best oysters I've had this year - and I eat a LOT of oysters!
For my entree, I had the spinach salad. Fresh spinach, hard boiled eggs, fresh mushrooms, and I added grilled shrimp. It usually comes with croutons and bleu cheese but...the diet...
The salad arrived just as I was slurping down my last oyster so good on them for perfect timing. It was fresh and crisp with shrimo dusted in just the right amount of seasoning. All in all, a yummy light lunch on the best avenue in town. I would recoomend and will return. Ask for Nadia for some of the friendliest, efficient and delightful service!My party of 3 arrived at 554pm on Thursday, we walked in at were greeted and promptly sat in the back by the bar.  
We waited until 611pm and nobody came to the table to greet us or take our order. 
We watched the owner sit at a table and as we left I asked him if he was truly the owner and I told him we sat for 15 minutes and nobody came to greet us or take our order. 
We sadly left......although he did greet us at the door on the way out and asked us if he could buy us a round.I so wanted to like this place as it is in the neighborhood and Black owned. Sadly, the service was not good. They served food fried in flour after being asked three times about accommodating a gluten allergy. No apology, although they did take the entree off the bill.  I asked for water quickly to help with my allergic reaction and the wait person actually stopped to chat with co workers as I waited.  There was no kind of empathy, consideration or caring.  She was just rude. And no manager came to apologize or speak to our table.  On the brighter side, the other people in our party enjoyed most of their food.  The red beans and rice were good.  The wings were very small and overcooked. The salad was pretty fresh except the hardboiled egg  in one salad, which tasted old.Chargrilled oyster BOMB. Great vibe. The jumbo is next on my list.  My friends highly recommends it.  They have a yummy happy hour too.In 2018 we had our Anderson Hicks Family Reunion Luncheon at the restaurant.  We were served in royal splendor by Mr. Mark Johari Lawes and his staff.  The food was tasty and enjoyable.  The ambience of the restaurant had a relaxed environment which gave us a pleasant visit.  
Mr. Lawes opened The Half Shell on the Bayou especially for the family  because of our hectic schedule.  It was their day off.
This was truly a once in a lifetime experience and one that we will never forget.
We have made several trips back to New Orleans since the family reunion, as a family and as individuals and we have alway made an effort stop by the Half Shell.  We were received with the same gracious and warm manner that we experience the first time we went to the restaurant.
Many thanks to Mr. Lawes and his wonderful staff,
Yvonne Stone
MarylandDrink (Mermaids Kiss) was amazing and the fries were crispy and crunchy. Burger was a bit burnt, dry and under seasoned. I love the local crowd here and the workers are very friendly and helpful.My party of 3 arrived at 554pm on Thursday, we walked in at were greeted and promptly sat in the back by the bar.  
We waited until 611pm and nobody came to the table to greet us or take our order. 
We watched the owner sit at a table and as we left I asked him if he was truly the owner and I told him we sat for 15 minutes and nobody came to greet us or take our order. 
We sadly left......although he did greet us at the door on the way out and asked us if he could buy us a round.  
Update.....this place has clisedOur family was looking for some authentic New Orleans food away from downtown. This place is a gem. Everything was delicious and the staff was so friendly. We will be back next time we visit!The owner Marc is so nice!!! He's a cool cat. Smooth tunes. I was looking at the menu, looked up and he brought me a bowl of gumbo. That was so sweet. His patio is very lovely.I visited today and was very excited to finally try this place. Sadly though there was only one waitress and after waiting 15 and still not ordering, my party and I had to leave to get food elsewhere so they could catch a flight. Another party said they'd already waited 45 min and still didn't have their food, which we didn't have time for. The menu looks great though and they have a nice patio. Oysters do seem expensive compared to other places but all other prices seemed reasonable. I'll try this place again on my next visit. Hopefully I get to try their food and can report more favorable impressions.This is a complete hidden gem. The food was outstanding. We tried the gumbo and it was awesome. The char-grilled oysters are awesome. The staff was super nice and the owner Mark talked to us for awhile. This is a must try