Came here twice during our trip! Once for lunch and once for breakfast right before we left.. Huge portions, cheap and fast ..So, this might be the most fun we have had...   Great diner food, super fast, Flossy and Dommy (waitresses) are awesome!  The gravy is the best!!!
Don't pass this up!!!I loved the vibe of this place!  It had a real New Orleans feel. The staff was entertaining and attentive. It actually was the best omelette I've had at a restaurant because it tasted seasoned and the eggs were fluffy. Our server, Frankie,  was very nice and helpful.  It's small, but the wait isn't that long.Good food for a reasonable price. Can't get a better meal for the money in the French quarter. Had New Orleans staple of red beans and rice with spicy sausage and was good.Must go here!
The staff is not only super awesome with their service, they make you feel right at home. The seating is diner style and cozy. One long curvy tabletop and some great diner stools - you can't go wrong! Hard not to strike up a conversation with your neighbors next to you or in front of you. 
Excluding the coffee, the food was fantastic!! I got the Manhattan Omelet ( eggs, cheese, bacon, and bits of potatoes). It is massive first of all and not too greasy. I was so sad that I couldn't finish it all! I really wanted to! 
The only down side was that their coffee was definitely diner coffee. But I didn't mind once I got into that omelet! If I am every in NOLA again I will definitely go here again!Cheap prices. Great food. Even better ambiance.
This old-school sit at the counter diner offers a truly unique dining experience. While it is virtually irrelevant what I had-- I got the chili omelet with hashbrowns.  Everything was delicious, particularly the hashbrowns.
Food is prepared before your eyes.  Also, you get to experience all the witty banter of the cooks and waiters as they make your meals.
It's quick, easy, cheap nd fun. Definitely worth a visit if you're trying to get a greasy breakfast in the french quarter to sooth that hangover.This place is horrible. We visited on 6/17/17 and received the worse waiter ever. He was either drunk or high and messed up everyone's at the counter order. My omelette was horrible with sliced imitation cheese and bacon. My husband ordered pancakes, turkey bacon and scrambled eggs with cheese. He received the pancakes and nothing else. We decided to cut our loses and pay for what we received and leave. The manager made adjustments to the ticket, I commented that he should comp the entire meal because it was poor service and the food was horrible. The cook couldn't keep up with the bad food orders being called out by the waiter. The drunk waiter said "well leave with yo broke ass". He cursed at us while we ordered our food and as we were leaving. At first we thought it was playful and somewhat endearing, but it quickly became offensive. I told the manager and the entire counter that the waiter was drunk and unprofessional and needed to be relieved for the day. We paid $10 as instructed by the cashier and left. I encourage tourists not to patronize this restaurant. I will be contacting the owner next.I've been a fan of the original Camellia Grill for YEARS, so it's not suprise that this one is also, just as fantastic.... except this one is in the French Quarter.
You know when you're in the quarter... feeling a little dehydrated, er...um... drunk, and you wish that you could make it to Camellia Grill for a double cheeseburger, fries and a waffle? No? Is that just me? Well, you don't know what you're missing.
Even when i'm not "dehydrated," a burger and waffle from here are a spectacular combination... and YES... I share.... SOMETIMES.
The location really can't be beat in the quarter. It's not so close to Bourbon that people get on your nerves, but it is right down the street from One Eyed Jack's.
Even though I am partial to the burgers, the omlets and hashbrowns are equally amazing, as are the sandwiches.
Also, The staff is extremely friendly which is always a plus.BEST BREAKFAST EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We came here while visiting for Halloween. It was so amazing that we went back multiple times during our visit. 
Get the Manhattan or Mexican omelette, and enjoy the ambiance!Southern comfort food to its finest. They take care of you here! The fellas working here are so funny and friendly. 
I'm sure this place doesn't look like it's the cleanest but it has good comfort food and a fun attitude by the cooks. I got their burger and fries and gumbo, both turned out to be really good! I really like the gumbo, even though I'm not a fan of the okra in anything and I know gumbo has okra... but it actually worked in their gumbo! They have menu items that are not on the menu, but if you ask they'll recommend their version of it. 
The pecan pie at the end with ice cream was also very delish. You pay at the cashier but tip the cooks. Prices were very good too!A great little retro place that harkens back to 1960-something or other. The seating is all bar style which gives you a chance to get to know your neighbor with the waiter able to help anyone at the bar. The staff were all helpful and kind.
I had 2 eggs over medium wheat toast, turkey bacon, and coffee. An easy breakfast done perfectly. My wife had a veggie omelet with hash browns, and tea and if judging by how quickly she ate it counts I'd say it was terrific as well. 
The atmosphere and the attitude of the staff along with the bar seating gave a relaxed easy feel allowing for easier digestion.
You should go here!Great unique place. Average meal $7.50!!  One of the best cheap places to eat in the French Quarter.Super fun to go eat at this place on a rainy night in New Orleans! The service was so fun. I love just sitting at the diner top and having the server just talk to everybody. We wanted a good classic diner food and this place delivered. I got the Ruben which was really good. I think I would prefer my meat more thinly slice and a little bit more chopped up. these are some pretty thick sliced meat. But the sauerkraut was really yummy. My little girl ordered  just pancakes and we were all fighting her for him they were so good so so good. My other daughter and have you ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo first time for both of them to try gumbo and they lick the bowl clean.
I has been ordered their special which was a fillets sausage in it probably any thought was really good too. 
The thing that stole the show for me was the Pecan pie mercy not only was it delicious they took the Pecanpie put it on the stove and heated it up so it was like a grilled pecan pie! Mercy it was so good I am now at pecan pie fanThe guys behind the counter really made this meal! Fun, personable, and they made sure you left happy. The pecan pie A-MAZING! Everything else was average diner food. Absolutely worth stopping in for a bite.Great service! Fast and friendly waiters. They were always on it and refilled our water frequently. The food was definitely good and deserves 4 stars. Nothing too fancy. Check this place out.Perfect!! Best cheeseburger EVER! New Orleans is a foodie's dream city, and cheeseburgers are on every menu...but skip those in favor of more adventurous fare and order one here! Fries are just okay, but the onion rings are OUTSTANDING! Really everything on the menu sounds amazing. Can't wait to try this diner out for breakfast.Great food, service, atmosphere, and price. Easily on of the best omelettes of my life.Chances are if you're smart you've already visited this New Orleans institution. If you're not there's still time to save yourself. This ain't IHOP or Dennys. The guys working at the grill really love their job. And it shows. Peanut took good care of us and made us feel like family. I love all the staff. 
Do your self a favor. While in the Big Easy go to camilia grill. Get smarter.We were looking for a breakfast place on a Tuesday morning and found a lot of the restaurants were not open. Camilla Grill on Chartres was open and surprisingly not full. Others can tell you about the layout etc. We ordered Bacon and Eggs and waffle and sausage. Both were good and fit the bill for a quick breakfast. The servers are also entertainers making sure the diners get a good meal and some off the wall entertainment.The prices were good for New Orleans. We got our food in short order while it was still hot.
Try Camilla Grill for breakfast or other meals.The breakfast was so simple yet so delicious! I loved the grits and eggs. I have visited Nawlins many times, but never made it over here. My friend saw the listing on yelp and we made a visit. It feels like a real southern cooking diner. I liked the friendly waitstaff and the prices are great for breakfast. Especially compared to all the other places in the french quarter. I will definitely be stopping by next time Im in NOLA!This was one of the best burgers I've ever had! The food is delicious, the service is great. A must go if you're in town!Yummmm!  Sit in Ronalds section if you can, hes a riot!  Had a mufulatta, gumbo, and chocolate pecan pie.  It was all delicious!  Ronald would sing his order to the chef or sing aloud to the restaurant.....it was a blast!!!A few friends had been to another location and gotten amazing milkshakes, so when we wanted some cheap, fast food we thought we'd go to this one. The food itself was fine, basic 50s diner food (I'd probably say it's safest to stick to burgers and fries) , great giant milkshakes, great prices, but my goodness what a strange experience it was. Our server was sick-drunk and kept trying to flirt with the other girls in the group by interrupting our meal. It was super awkward. I'm pretty sure one of the older employees was covering for him and taking care of our order. After a while, we were afraid to make eye contact with him and just tried and hurry and get the heck out of there. Hopefully that was a unique experience and other experiences aren't as bad.I have never been so inclined to write a poor review, but we waited 20 minutes for coffee, and a mimosa, and watched the four couples around us come in the door, sit, get their food(!), and mimosas(lucky them, and from the same server) and talk with the 2 servers.  When the food came, we were missing both our side orders.  Frustrating because when my friend tried to order fries, the server cut him off to say they came with his omlette.  Strange, and well, they didn't.  While i was ordering the server was too busy yessing me to death to actually listen to what i was saying apparently, maybe that's why i didn't get my grits.  And I'm not that person that decides what i want while i make the server stand there.  It took all of 5 seconds for me to order coffee mimosa eggs bacon grits.  We tried to get a server's attention for ten minutes and gave up so we could eat our food while it was still hot.  It was just so unbelievable that we sat for so long with nothing in front of us, except our orders that had been filled out on paper by the server and laying in front of us.  I had to leave to plug the meter that i had fed 44 minutes prior a block away, and it was expired when i got there, all before we got our orders of eggs.    It's embarrassing that people are willing to spend their money on poor service and adequate food just to sit on a hard stool and watch people yell nonsense at each other.  Grow up, and take more value in your money and time.  I have served, bartender, and been an FB manager for 15 years, and while I don't necessarily expect the kind of service I provide to my guests when i go out, the indifference of the servers here is unacceptable.  I feel bad for tourists that come to town and see this as New Orleans hospitality.  While the prices are reasonable, I would only return here when it is slow, so that I feel more confident in getting a server's attention and my food in a timely manner.My husband went looking for breakfast one morning and got pointed to "Camille's". I guess the locals call it Camilles but the sign and the menus say The Grill. He came back to our hotel with such delicous breakfasts for us that we wound up going back for lunch! This is a diner at it's finest -- nothing fancy but great food and banter for entertainment. Looking forward to returning just for the sausages alone!!The best. Reminds me of my youth when my mother use to bring me to brunch every Wen's day at the original location.. Service was great. I enjoyed reliving a true childhood experience.Love this place and atmosphere. 
The food is good and cheap. Great service too!
Some my not the possibility of sitting next to a stranger, most patrons  most don't care. Also you can get lunch for breakfast if you don't like breakfast foods.
Filth factor ***Great atmosphere and good service. Clean. The food has really gone downhill over the past year. Omlette was overdone on the outside and raw on the inside while the hashbrowns were undercooked and literally swimming in grease. For the price there is much better food to be had here in NOLA. Try Stanley's just on the other side of Jackson Square.This used to be Camelia grill but somehow changed to just The Grill. The menu is largely the same and the food is excellent and hearty and the waiters are fun to chat with.There's too many other great choices in the French Quarter. You can afford to miss this one. Me and the wife had a burger and omelette and I'd have to say that the Waffle House is better. The layout was unique and the service was good but the food was just meh.Um so it can't be called Camellia Grill because of a contract dispute with the original owners, but the decor, the menu, the staff, it's all Camellia.
The food is the same as the original uptown location which is reliable diner food. In the past month, I've had a tuna salad sandwich (and stole fries from a friend) and then a late night pecan waffle...although they did break my heart by not having cane syrup to go with the waffle. C'mon people.
The chocolate freeze is still delicious and, yes, I gave myself a headache. Plus points for excellent ice in their ice teas & cokes.This place was great came in for a snack because it was mid-afternoon lunch time decided to have the hamburger po-boy as I sat and watched other po boys and breakfast being made I sat in all looking at how delicious everything look not only is the staff very friendly as well as entertaining but the food is scrumptious I had a sandwich for the first time that felt so good I didn't want to eat it the bread was so soft the hamburger was nice and juicy cooked perfectly I will definitely be back again for breakfast or a po boy this is a must-stop placeThis place is a good stop for a quick bite to eat or a hangover cure. I have been here on several trips to the Quarter and I feel like it is overpriced for the food quality. On this visit I was not super impressed with our server, Ricky. I watched his interactions with other female patrons (unfriendly, borderline rude) and then the change of demeanor when serving male customers (complete 180, very talkative). Overall it was a pretty rotten customer service experience, he acted like I was inconveniencing him when I reminded him he forgot part of my meal 20 minutes after serving my entree. My food (burger with coleslaw) was pretty blah and pricey but I was hungry and tired of walking. I may or may not eat here again but either way I definitely won't be sitting in his section, I don't need a side of misogyny with my sandwich. :)Came back three days in a row!!! First day was a little long to get in but sure worth the wait for real diner food and atmosphere. John and peanut were so entertaining! Singing and service was fast fast fast!!!The service here is fantastic! Super friendly and helpful waiters, the kitchen is open so you can hear the cooks bantering and the place is squeaky clean. It's a really cute diner, with marble counters and cushy stools and a pretty classic menu. Big sandwiches, burgers, soups etc. My sister and I shared a small gumbo (we're from the north and we weren't sure if we'd like it) and a fried catfish sandwich. They cut the sandwich in half and gave it to us on two plates, and gave us two separate, generous bowls of gumbo (I think the waiter really wanted us to have the full experience.) Both were fantastic, the catfish was ultra crispy and the gumbo was very full flavored with just a hint of heat. I think it ran up to less than ten dollars, too. Great spot, highly recommend!My go to place in Nola is now CLOSED.   Food was always good. Service was fast. Reasonably priced.  Always busy but never had to wait long. Can anyone tell me why this place is closed. So disappointed to go there and see it closed.Affordable place that serves okay food.  All these guys are friendly and are more entertainers than providers of food.  I got there when they opened, their white jackets were starched and spotless, with black bow ties, nice NOLA touch.  My husband's western omelette was not done in the middle, but had black on the outside.  The hash browns were greasy and black.  My Hickman Hamburger was good, tasty meat, done and seasoned just right.  Fresh veggies, sautéed mushrooms and onions, Swiss cheese.  It disintegrated after a couple of bites and I ate it with a fork, I would recommend it.  If you want to try this place, do lunch.One of the high points of our New Orleans weekend, The Grill is a happening spot! True short-order chefs grilling up the best breakfast I can remember. Joey at the counter is a total pro, serving you with style, grace, and humor.  The community seating just fosters good times and happy feelings, and the food is just what the doctor ordered after a night on the town.  I can't imagine coming to NOLA without stopping at The Grill.  Fun and filling!Holy greasy spoon wonderment! Hash browns were buttery and delicious, omelets were so good they were gobbled up in mere minutes. 
The Bloody Mary (with pickles and jalapeño!) was a surprise in styrofoam, Sooo frakin good and the staff is so pleasant they'll make you day the moment you walk in!Come here for awesome cheap eats in the French Quarter. I'm still thinking about the juicy beefy burger that I had there earlier today. My daughter had the terrific muffuletta, which is served on a loaf of french bread instead of the usual round loaf. The red beans and rice and gumbo were also great--not the best that I've had, but very satisfying and delicious. And we fought over a couple of slices of apple pie and Chick's chocolate cream pie. 
The place feels really old school--in a good way, with marble countertops, diner stools, and a totally casual vibe. It draws an eclectic crowd: I sat across from a wealthy-looking elderly couple, a couple of guys in heavy metal t-shirts, and a few ladies who sounded like they were from Eastern Europe. We really enjoyed ourselves.
This place is now called The Grill, I guess because of the legal dispute over the name that was in the papers this year. 
Our bill for the five of us was less than $50 including tip. What a bargain! We're coming back for another meal.Seriously the best breakfast I've had probably in my entire life. Just don't go the ATM across the street. Most definitely the worst smell I've experienced in my life.I have fallen in love with The Camellia Grill so when I saw this whilst strolling along the French Quarter, I knew immediately that this is where we are eating dinner.
The charm of the place does not equal the original Camellia Grill, but the servers are as quick, delightful and friendly. The food is also the greasy guilty pleasure I was sorely hoping for. And the milkshakes.... *sigh* They simply cannot be missed!
If you want a reasonably priced place to eat in the Quarter, this place is a good bet.Friendly! And funny! Great service! Serving old-fashion diner food at near old-fashion prices. Definitely a place to return to for breakfast in the middle of everything.
Marble-topped horseshoe diner with jacketed waiters who are swift, friendly, and funny.A really good diner with a great range of omelettes. I had the Ranos which includes spinach. It was delicious. Hash brown was good too. The place is made by the waiters fun and wit. Coffee could be better.Barely 3 - Food is just ok.  Mexican Omelet - ok.  Hash browns not crispy.  Over easy eggs came out hard (after a long wait).  The waiter recooked the eggs perfectly,.  Grits were bland (I know.. "it's grits what do you expect")  but I didn't really factor that. and reserved the bacon after warming in the fryer.Best bacon cheese omlette I've ever had!  Came here once years ago drunk and hungry and been looking for it ever since. Found it today (sober) and it did not disappoint. My daughter had the bacon burger with grilled onions and it was delicious!! Now that I know where this place is I'll be back every time I visit Nola!The atmosphere and location are great! My husband and I came for breakfast. The food is ok...tasty but nothing special and the portions are large.Ate here twice during my stay in New Orleans last March because it was inexpensive, delicious, and a few blocks away from our hotel. Very convenient. I really enjoyed the bar-style dining, as I'm so used to sitting in the usual table setting. Atmosphere was fun (1950's style) and the servers were super friendly.
Would recommend coming here for breakfast and/or lunch.
Oh, and did I mention that my bill was ~$6? Score.Great service. Super nice employees working the counter and great food. Lots of southern and American option. Milkshake was great and had kids menu.This used to be The Camellia Grill. Due to a lawsuit they had to change the name.
The Grill serves breakfast food all day, burgers and sandwiches. 
The burgers are juicy and served on a butter bun and that makes it good. This is a greasy spoon kinda place. Eggs, hashbrowns and sausage are good but a little greasy.
I ordered the mashed potatoes with brown gravy and the were awful. There were gravy lumps (not potatoes) and the flavor was off.
The real issue is the service. They just don't care. Our waiter sat in a chair with his head down so we had to ask another waiter for refills and a cup of coffee. And that waiter wasn't too happy we asked.
The location is great in the quarter and they are open late. Maybe to cut the alcohol or for a hangover.We had a party of 10 for breakfast and Peanut and the crew took awesome care of us. Breakfast and a show! We had GREAT food and a lot of fun. 
Too bad this is our last day or we would be back tomorrow. Can't score them high enough!My Family and I visited New Orleans from California and we made a trip out to this restaurant.
My family had a good experience with the food, where as I did not. 
They got a hamburger and a corn beef sandwich, which they RAVED about.
I ordered the grilled cheese with American cheese and bacon. The bacon was good, but other than that- not so good. And the dinner salad was a little pathetic. Almost $5 for a tiny plate of lettuce with tomatoes and a packet of salad dressing.
Oh the Plus side, the atmosphere was awesome. The cooks were lively and welcoming and the host up front was sweet (and awfully cute!)Best breakfast in New Orleans. Casual diner atmosphere. Omelets are outstanding and massive--we were happy we split ours. Staff is very, very fun. 
We had great food in nola (Cochon, GW Fins) and I am somewhat embarrassed to suggest that our omelet at The Grill was on par with those culinary experiences, but it is true.Hmmmm The Grill.... What can I say about this place..... I had no idea what to expect when I walked into this seemingly unassuming restaurant, on the corner of Toulouse and Chartes. Our original plan was to check out a jazz-brunch spot, but after driving around searching for parking for a few blocks we decided on this spot.
It is a full diner style spot (waffle house-esque) with entertaining, friendly servers and greasy food. Food was a notch above mediocre as was the coffee, but the bacon stole the show (at least for me) and their energy was contagious. Oh and you only get one free coffee refill. Individual service was a bit lacking, but as a group, the servers are charming.
Definitely a light, fun atmostphere to have breakfast, brunch, lunch, or whatever by yourself or with the whole gang. Will definitely be back.This is what I pictured places should be in New Orleans. The people who work are make the experience of eating there fun. Which in addition to the good food makes it all around a great place. I has the waffles which by themselves wasn't anything special. But they have Butter Love. They give you Butter Love and Syrup at each place and it made my mediocre waffle one of the best. My fiance had an omelette with chili (maybe called the mexican or something similar ) that he loved. The chili was delicious. The staff is funny and entertaining.So, I want to give this place a 5 because the men working behind the counter are ADORABLE and sweet but the pancakes were nothing special nor were the chili fries. However, the atmosphere was authentic, the service was great and I was told the bacon is the best- ever. Very affordable (hesitant to say "cheap" in case confused with low quality) but look at the menu and you'll see that prices are very fair. If you're looking for an old world diner feel with true southern hospitality this is your spot. (Also, catch a glimpse of the sweatshirts they have on display in a haphazard shadow box.)Got the Camellia club sandwich with fries and my husband got a burger. Super delicious food and cute atmosphere. Staff is very funny, and friendly. Good food and great service! Will come back soon for sure.Great greasy spoon fare, including burgers, fries, pecan waffles and much more. But the real reason to come here is for the nostalgia factor, its like stepping into the 1950s and the service is great! I went twice and I was only in NOLA for three days!Absolutely fantastic breakfast....best I had here in NOLA.  Get the hash browns.  Do not skip them!!!!This place was really cool! The seating allows you to talk to other people from all over as you eat, since you sit at  a u-shaped  counter.  The food was actually really good, and so cheap for New Orleans. The bread used on the hamburger and sandwiches was so soft, and the chocolate freeze was amazing... We actually went here twice and had a "Word Special", which was a spicy sausage sandwich that my sis liked, and we also saw that they have apple pie (warmed on the grill!) a la mode.... yummy!Nope. The food would have been okay, but the staff has a dysfunctional system where the waiter takes your order, then yells, "CHEF! Listen Up!" and then barks the customer order to the guys on the grill. I guess they think it sounds cool to do that, but I immediately thought they were going to mess up the orders, and they did.
Here's the other flaw: the waiter keeps the written order in front of the customer and the "chef" never sees it, so he'll easily forget whether you wanted your order with cheese or without, home fries or toast, eggs over-easy or scrambled... Our order, and the surrounding five patrons around us also had their orders completely mixed up. It was a disaster, just because of the dysfunctional oral ordering system. Breakfast took 40 minutes.
Some family with little kids walked in and our server tantalized the 3-year old with "Gimme Five's" until the squealing, screaming kid had completely dominated the atmosphere, which ruined it for everyone else. If only the waiter worked in a day-car facility...
The other 20-some customers feigned tolerance and we all gobbled up our food quickly to get out of there. I'm a Dad, and I like children, but not in a breakfast diner. Even our 11-year old felt discomfort.
Never again.LOVED this place!!  It was our last meal in NOLA and I am glad we ended on such a good note.  Randomly found this place on yelp while getting ready and thought this kind of meal would be great.  I wanted breakfast, hubby wanted a burger.
Totally cheap prices, especially for the French Quarter.  The staff was fun and made food FAST.  
This is a must when you come to this great city.We asked for a breakfast spot recommendation from our hotel's concierge and this is the first place they named. I LOVE breakfast, so it's not a meal I ever miss, even after a late night of drinking on Bourbon!
This place is a short order diner. It is a little chaotic and loud, and when there's a line of people standing around waiting for their turn, it can make you feel a little rushed, BUT I thought it was fun. 
The guy helping us (Joey) was just SO very NEW ORLEANS. He was loud and playful (never stopped singing) and had a crazy system for keeping up with the orders. He definitely woke me up that morning! It was like a party at breakfast. 
I was really impressed that the cooks could keep track of all the orders as they were shouted out at them. 
This was entertainment to me but I could tell other patrons weren't into the spectacle. I suppose it depends on your personality.
The food itself was nothing mind blowing, (I had eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, pancakes) but it was the greasy sustenance I needed to help me recover from the night before and fuel me for another day of NOLA fun!
If you want a quick breakfast before hitting the town, this is a great spot.Great prices and good down-home greasy food.  
We've always gone to the location in the Garden District and found this location, by accident, on Yelp.  The French Quarter is notorious for over-priced food.  $10 for burger and all that nonsense.  The Camellia Grill is a nice alternative.  So it's not the fanciest food in town. It's still good!  Like an upgraded version of the Awful-Waffle (The Waffle House). 
Burgers, Breakfast and everything in-between.  This location is just few blocks off Bourbon Street, next to Jackson square.  
We shared a burger, fries, onion rings and waffe.  All were good. I love the Omlette's here too.  They are delicious! 
If you are stumbling around the Quarter and need a good late-night place to ease your drunken stupor, this is THE place to grub on the cheap.Price, atmosphere, location and service; all top notch. The short order cook prepares your meal as the server rattles off your requests. Tasty food that won't hurt your pocketbook.Great service with a hometown feel, the food is cheap and huge portions and delicious!The food is awesome, no fancy garnishes, names, or gourmet foolery. Just good old fashioned, sometimes pretty, sometimes ugly, but always good food.  
The staff do a lot of joking crazy talking, and laughing, and the place is a counter style set up all the way around. I come and have breakfast or lunch here everyday when I'm in Nawlins.Perfect place for breakfast or brunch! Highly recommend it, staff is nice and food came out fast and it was deliciousOur waiter Brandon was awesome. (I finally remembered a name!!) He was super funny and really helpful. 
I loved the atmosphere and the setup of the restaurant - a bit like Kettle but more like Cheers. 
He gave us advice on where to hang out in Nola and where NOT to hang out which was perfect.Authentic. Service is subpar but its apart of the experience. Keep in mind you have five guys cooking, bussing, serving, basically everything. Get off your high horse and enjoy some New Orleans fun and food.Don't go just for desert they ignore you and are rude.  Told us, after everyone around us got burgers and sandwiches before us, we were at fault for only ordering desert.  Unless your eating a meal don't bother.Wow, so bummed to see that this place has closed! I hope it is only temporary, as it was one of my favorite breakfasts in the Quarter. 
The pancakes were tender and fluffy, the hash browns crisp, and my vegetable omelette was huge and chock full of tasty, grilled veggies.. 
The service, too, was welcoming and quick. 
What could have gone wrong?The French Quarter branch of Camellia Grill is as classic as the original. Best breakfast and value in New Orleans.
Great atmosphere and food!  Best omelets!Quite possibly the worst omelette I've ever had, catsup couldn't even help the over cooked mess.Go HERE!  We stopped in after an evening city tour... needing to sober up...  Plopping down at the "U" shaped bar, an older gentleman handed us menus and said "This here's my Nephew.   He'll take care of you and if he don't, let me know and I'll slap him.  I'm looking for a reason to slap him."  I asked if there were any specialties or recommendations.  The older gentleman's eyes lit up as he matter of fact stated "Bacon Cheeseburger Fully Loaded."  I asked what was so special about it.  "It's so good you'll want to slap yo momma after."  Why would I want to do that?  "Because she never fed you something so good."  We ate, mine with fries, my girlfriend with onion rings and thousand island dressing (another amazing combination!) until we we had trouble breathing and at the end of it my girlfriend and I both agreed we needed to slap our moms now.  Maybe it was just the fact we were starving but I've marked it on my iPhone so I can get there again.   Oh yeah 2nd best part, when I go to pay for both of us it came to $8.50 TOTAL.Camellia grill was right around the corner from our hotel and the bell hop suggested it to us as a late breakfast. It is you're basic, greasy spoon diner. It's all counter top and stools with a pay booth at the center front.  The service is a little lacking but overall it is what you expect from a diner. Large portions, perfect to cure a hangover!We stopped here looking for a place to rest after wandering the French Market. Camellia Grill brought the fun atmosphere and tasty food.  The best dish from our meal was the well spiced Rano omelette.  It seems breakfast is the go to here. Least successful was the Harry Yankee po boy.  Roast beef was over cooked and tough.  Wait staff was super friendly and fun and definitely worth coming back for.This place is a MUST for breakfast. It's super casual and quick. Three people that were with me got omelets (including myself- egg white veggie omelet) and everyone said that they were possibly the best they've ever had. My omelet had so much flavor it was great. I also got it with grits and it was a lot. You'll definitely be full after leaving here!Camilla Grill and I go way back. When I was in college and I would make it to New Orleans for a weekend and punish my liver, I used Camilla Grill to help make me whole before a long drive back home.  This place was and is amazing!.  Although it is "an everyday" person's place, the servers  dress in the traditon of the more $$$ restaurant with traditional waiter outfits.  It has a lot of charm with it's only means of table being a bar that snakes through the packed builiding.  
But the important part is the food.  It has the best omlettes in the country, maybe the world.  They are fluffy and oozing with cheese and other ample ingredients.  Handsdown the best hangover food.  I introduced the place to my husband a few years back.  He had to get a freeze too - which are delicious.  But we never pass through New Orleans now without trekking Uptown to visit Camilla Grill!I enjoyed my visit to Camilla Grill and would definitely return. 
I loved how the staff all seemed like family in how they joked with one another. 
I ordered a chicken breast and waffles. I assumed (incorrectly) it would be a fried chicken breast but it was grilled. Oh well, it saved a few thousand calories.
The waffle was very thin and somehow still perfectly filling. They had containers those syrup containers for both syrup and butter so I just poured it on the waffle. Amazing. 
The chicken breast was ever so slightly dry but still delicious.