What else can I say besides "Wow"? The Boot is THE bar. Where else can you meet your future wife, get cheap drinks, and eat delicious pizza all in one night? This bar is definitely meant for a younger crowd, but if you're out of college this will definitely bring you back to the glory days. If you haven't had the privilege of experiencing The Boot yet, I highly recommend it and will see you there!Great bar. the girl who works behind the counter when ordering food is AWFUL. she told me to "quit whining" when she took 25 MINUTES to make FRENCH FRIES. HORRIBLE customer service, this woman should NOT be working at this place, the worst attitude.One of my favorite places on Earth. Great chicken Caesar wrap, pizza, boot bombs, waffle fries.Sticky tables. $13 Abita pitchers. College kids. Very good at what it is. Waited out a storm here after a miserable encounter at Snake and Jake's.Great place for a burger and a beer.   Ubiquitous television sports-bar and Tulane campus hangout.  Close to dormitories and frat row, and a couple blocks off campus.  This is definitely a college bar social scene with leather-lnged fans, pool tables.  I'm afraid I might be thrown out of here for hiring their image, I look like someone's lost parent.Tulane's Bar. Literally. If this place was any closer to campus, they'd have class here. Wait, some profs do. 3-9 Happy Hour features 3-for-1's and crawfish boils in the Spring. There are only 2 times when it's acceptable to be at the Boot- during said happy hour and after fraternity parties on Broadway that get shut down at 1 am and you've managed to stumble up towards campus and noticed you're favorite one night stand is there and well, you need to get laid. That's it. Don't go if you despise drunken 18 year olds, freshmen find this place first.Great college dive bar. Nothing special about it, but that's what makes it special.  Stopped in while I was touring the universities nearby (I work in higher education).  Drink specials galore!  Nice people.It is in fact the #1 college bar in America! If you're from out of town and between the ages of 18-25 it is a must if you really want to get a sense of college life in New Orleans. Also a good place to watch sports because it has several televisions and projector screens. Great drink specials. 50 cent night on Tuesdays ($5 cover and .$50 drinks!) Happy hour Wednesdays all night and Fridays from 4-10 (Triple shot wells, 3 for 1 beers, super big drafts) Great outdoor seating for a lazy afternoon! Plus you can eat there!If these walls could talk... 
This is, as mentioned, Tulane's unofficial bar. It waxes and wanes in popularity, but generally I wouldn't visit if I had no affiliation with Tulane. That being said, people often like to come to the boot because of its seedy college bar reputation when they want to try something non-touristy, but not upscale. Notable guests include Lindsay Lohan, Sum 41, Paris Hilton, and more. 
The boot has some good specials, like crawfish and beer deals and drink specials. When I was a freshman I was informed that only freshmen go to the boot early... it's really a 3am bar. And that proved to be true. Before 3am, the crowd is very young. At 3am, people usually venture back towards campus and thus they stop in at the boot. This has been the sight of many a drunken hookup, bar fight, break up, and anything else that may be engendered by sloppy drunkenness.I just don't like it here besides really good deal for the drinks. I went there only once and won't go again if I have a choiceI have to give this place three stars. It is what it is, a typical college bar. Its cool for a while when you are an undergrad then you wonder what the ^#&&# you ever saw in the place. The next wave of youngsters moves on in, and the cycle continues once more.
I do not know what the liquor laws in NO are anymore but when I was a Tulane student in the early 90s, you could drink and buy alcohol at 18 years old. That was just a guideline to some bouncers though because my friend got his 14 year old sister into the Boot without so much as a blink. 
One of my fondest memories of NO was my first weekend on campus as a Freshman. I went to the adjacent Boot Store to buy some liquor... as an 18 year old, so this was so strange to me... there was a uniformed police officer I guess doing security for the store, and in his hand was a beer in a clear cup that he was sipping away on.
Gotta love New Orleans.One of the most rundown bars I've ever been to. As a student (especially on exchange) I guess this is one of the must-see spots in and around New Orleans. Had a great time there but it'll stay a one-time experience for me.I love the Boot. It's a hole in the wall, kind of, for Tulane attendants and others. Depending on when you go, you can get completely or partially hammered for not that much. 
If you read other reviews they mostly talk about how much fun you won't have here. That's true, if you're that lame with sad and boring friends. You can dance, though it gets really crowded, or watch other people dance. I will tell you that watching people is more fun than you can dream, people are hilarious when they're drunk. 
So if you want to just chill or whatever it's a decent place, not spectacular, but decent. Oh and please remember that these are mostly college students; they are a little young.The Tulane spot! The boot makes four years seem like one black out night. Thank you for all the excellent days, nights, and mornings. Don't ever change. My only complaint is some employees at the store tap the fucking tip jar when you are over 21.I hear they have been letting MINORS in! The whole place is crawling with children. There are only 3 drinks available, weak shot, vodka and sprite and beer! The worst people go and ruin everyones fun but yo its itty bitty littyYour ear drums will burst. You will feel claustrophobic. You will feel disgusted... until you're drunk. Come here with the intent of getting loaded.I just don't like it here besides really good deal for the drinks. The place is dirty and gross, smell rvery bad. A college bar for sure.  Only once, won't go again if I have a choice.Like everyone else say's The Boot is basically a Tulane bar on the edge of campus. Although it holds fond memories to anyone who ever went to Tulane or threw up in the bathroom you probably need heed the warnings and steer clear of this place.I'm not as bitter about the boot as my friend lobsterface, so I will give it three stars.  Nothing is better than going to the boot any afternoon of the week between 2-5 and the happy hour is a sure fire way to get drunk early.  But beware, after hours the boot is only for those who are "prepared to dance hard for hours."  A word to the wise, if it isn't happy hour go next door to the boot store and buy a pint of kentucky dale and make your own bourbon and cokes.If you want to be anonymous while drinking and dancing with someone that you require beer goggles to drink and dance with .... then by all means go to the Boot.. if you're looking for hotties dancing then you would be much better off going to F and M's.solid drinks, grimy atmosphere, gross floor. would give it a two but so many hot 18 year oldsThe Boot's bouncers and staff are very rude. The drinks are filled with near no alcohol. The atmosphere is terrible before ten. Honestly, people go to this place because another bar hasn't surfaced yet. When a new one does, I seriously doubt people will continue going out here.Ok,
I kept eating here and drinking here.
It's the kind of place you just can't avoid.The BOOT... I love this place and I hate this place. It's a typical Tulane spot where everyone knows each other and it always has a decent drink special. My freshman year at Tulane was Tuesday fifty cent night, Wednesday happy hour hump day... etc. Its fun and its a good place to go to now and then. Its really not my scene since I became an upperclassmen. There are better bars in NOLA. However, the Boot will be one of the first bars I would go to 10 years from now when I visit New Orleans again. You can't forget Boot pizza too. Its a slice of drunken heaven.Perfect if you want underage kids wasted and fighting, tiny crappy drinks and bathrooms that smell like someone died in there....months ago.The only reason i came here was because it was the only place with food near the house i was working on. Lunchbreak. And i had to pee.  Sometimes it has been pouring rain on the long bikeride home and continuing to get soaked always seemed a far better option than to darken these doors.  
Soooo...must say that the pizza was mighty good. Great sauce, but could have been left in oven a bit longer. The guy who made it was friendly.  The bartender was pleasant (i just had a sprite). There were only three other patrons there which is quite how i prefer to experience this place. Its reputation preceeds itself.  Even in college this wouldn't be my bag - although 25 cent drinks would have.  I'm thinking of how many young coeds must have puked in this place, and judging by some of these reviews - quite a few.  You kids have your Bacchanal and i'll have my pizza and promise to leave early.A typical college bar. The only reason I am giving it two stars is because of how it caters to the universities. This place is a glorified cesspool with employees who take their job way too seriously.I refuse to come back here after various experiences. On one occasion, it was a Tuesday night and one of my really good friends was leaving New Orleans so we decided to go to 50 cent night at the Boot (because what else goes on Tuesday nights). This was before I decided to completely boycott the place. So we got here at 9:30 (before the 50 cent night started). We walked in, sat down, and paid full price for drinks. Once it was 10:00, the bouncer came over to us and said that if we wanted to stay we had to go back outside and pay the cover. I thought this was completely RIDICULOUS especially coming from a business perspective. We ended up paying the $5 cover because we had nothing else better to do. Now, keep in mind, 50 cent night ends at 1:00 am. Another one of my friends (who is Indian) showed up at 1:30 am. After talking to him, he told me the bouncer made him and his friend pay a $10 cover each to get into The Boot. The drink specials had already ended so I don't understand why they were charged $10 to get in when the special was over. The only thing I can think of is that the bouncers were hoping to prevent them from coming in since they are known for doing this if you don't go to Tulane or Loyola.
Not only was there this instance, but on numerous occasions, friends have told me that the bouncers will randomly start charging UNO students higher covers than Loyola and Tulane students, which I think is REALLY MESSED UP.
The bar as a whole sucks anyway. As a 23 year old, there is no point in coming here. As a 21 year old, there is no point in coming here. Even as a 20 year old, there is no point in coming here. Everyone that comes here looks like they are no more than 18. And the music sucks.
If you are looking for cheap drinks on a Tuesday night, either go to Ms. Mae's or Bruno's ($2 Tuesdays and you don't have to pay a cover to get in).I end up near The Boot at least once a week because it is stationed between the Tulane library where my very own grad student lives at least 50% of the time and the crêperie where my grad student loves to nosh. (Crêpes are easy to sneak into the library. Don't judge.) 
I have consumed half a beer at The Boot. It was a personal low. 
The following anecdote sums up The Boot very well: 
On a Tuesday afternoon, two attractive young women (both announcing themselves to be 19) plop down at a table wearing clothing from three days ago with their hair rolled into baseball caps. A little eavesdropping soon uncovers that these two haven't showered in at least 4 days. Instead, they will spend an hour consuming a pitcher of shitty warm beer. The two consider this to be an acceptable trade: shitty beer is greater than the first shower in four days. Then they went to class. (Of course they did.) 
Accessibility notes: Step up into the bar from every entrance. High bar. Can get crowded at peak hours. Very loud at peak hours. Flashing lights.The Boot, the iconic bar for young New Orleanians in their late teens and early twenties. Not much else I can say, the place is not the cleanest but when you got that booze flowing through the system a 1 star craphole becomes a 5 star craphole.I just want to start by saying that I went to this bar on a pretty "dead" night. Despite being born and raised here and going to college here, I had never been to the infamous "Boot". Yeah, I had heard the stories and avoided it at all costs. I had heard rumors about old men and drunken frat boys scheming on under age girls. Yeah, I wanted no part of The Boot.
However, when a friend and I just happened to be driving past it one night and saw that it was pretty much dead, I decided that this was as good a time as any to see what the inside of this place looks like. I mean... I had to go in at least once.
Well, I'm happy to report that I survived my experience. The few people that were in here were distracted by a football game and had no interest in me at all. The place is HUGE and is actually a really nice space. I can see it being a cool place to go see a band or something, but I doubt the owners plan on bringing The Boot in that direction. The bartender seemed friendly enough I have been in places that are worse.
Would I go back? Well, no, it's not my kind of place, but it isn't bad for what it is.This is a college dive bar, people.  Douchey bouncers, hot bar tenders, cheap beer, hilarious specials, etc. etc. We all know these places.
Decent bar in the day time.  After darkness falls... sweet lord... the strictly under-21 Tulane crowd shows up and embarrass themselves til 4 in the morning.If you're looking for a good night with cheap drinks where you won't remember your night the next morning, this is the place. Full of college kids, I always have a great time here, then again vodka is always involved. I think this could be the vodka talking.THE BEST COLLEGE BAR EVER. Yes, all the reviews are right- the floor is grimy, the bathrooms are questionable at best, and not sure about the quality of liquor. But WHO CARES when you're a college student?? The drinks are strong and cheap, the music is on point, everyone is out to have the time and night of their lives EVERY night, and the dance floor is packed, especially later at night and until 5 am. If you're older and looking for quality drinks and a nicer/more mature atmosphere, definitely go elsewhere.Oh The Boot. The fun times I've had there. Whether it be running into a bachelorette party, watching an LSU game, or running into teachers on the weekends, The Boot has always been there for me. 
That said, while The Boot has often been my place to relax after a tough day of classes, the characters it attracts make me want to find another bar. 
For example, in a typical weekend, you can make a game out of how many of these people you can find drinking here: 
high school kids with fake IDs; fancily-dressed groups of women; drunken tourists; runoff from a fraternity party; fraternity members; a small group of cougars; chain smokers; bachelorette parties, etc.I visited the Boot on a 2001 college sweep when I stayed at Tulane overnight.  My keepers took me here and set me up with an ID that said I was 21, 5'1", and from Louisiana (in reality, I was 17, 5'8", and from Texas).  When I handed it to the bouncer, I was so nervous that when he looked up and asked me where I was from, I panicked and said Dallas.  Instead of giving me "the boot" (heh.  no?  ok.), he goes, "Mmm, I love southern girls.  Stick around until I get off and I'll buy you a drink."  Um, K!?
Also, I saw Kari or Kara (whichever one went to Loyola) from the Real World there that night.  She looks shorter in person.When school is in session, there are few better places to have a night you will never forget (but only if you fully photo/video documented it on your smart phone since that's pretty much the only prayer you have of a coherent recollection of the past night's events).
PS: If you need a bathroom, walk to the Tulane library up the streetObscene. All drunk dumb underage kids running around in a piss/vomit filled bar. Bartender also never gave me my change for my $14 drink that I paid for with a $20 so I basically was forced to tip $6 for a gin and tonic. My shoes still smell like boot slush that's on the floor. I would literally have to be blackout to enjoy this place. Great pizza and liquor store though.after the many negative reviews, i was skeptical about going here. but a friend said that he wanted to go here, and i didn't want to complain after we sat around for a while of trying to decide where to eat. 
I liked that the kitchen area was clean, and i saw them pull the ingredients for my bbq calzone out of the fridge. it was the perfect sunday afternoon break. I the BBQ chicken was really good. the bbq sauce that they used was the right combo of sweet and spicy. and the beer for $3.50 was a perfect topper. 
I'll definitely be back for study breaks.I come to New Orleans for matures. matures who are down to making  POVOTPHJ video with me with me or just shoot shit about our mutual dislike for clitorectomies in china. The Boot was NOT what I was looking for. I found the atmosphere unconvincing. the air itself was very appealing: just the right amount of moist-- huge turn on for me. But when it came to matures the boot was simply lacking. Needs more matures and live action. Will likely not repeat.Three Words make me return to The Boot post-undergrad: Triple Liquor Wednesdays. I think they'll also give you a large draft beer for the price of a regular. If you go right after work it's pretty empty which is nice. If you go in the summer, you might run into high school aged-looking people. 
The bartender who's been there for the past few months has been a sweetheart and doesn't mind mixing you up something dumb like "something fruity" or a bay breeze whatever drink. However, it is safest to stick with your two ingredient drinks if you're not sure. They're big on Firefly and Captain Morgan here.  There are other good nights for Happy Hour besides Wednesday (like Sunday they have beer and hot wings specials for games) but for me, Wednesday is the only night worth going. For really big games on Sunday nights it gets crowded.
But once you've had your triple-liquor cocktail for a reasonable price and you're Dough Bowl pizza is steaming hot in front of you with its delicious aroma, the undergrads/high-school-lookingers (you can tell because they have on too much make up and "club" clothes), mosquito bites, flies and cigarette smoke don't seem so bad.  But by 7:30-8:00 PM you're ready to leave, and maybe get a dessert crepe at Crepes a la Cart next door to help soak up some of that triple liquor.
Parking sucks. You will get a ticket if you park illegally. Try parking East of Broadway if you plan on staying late and don't want to get mugged. Seriously.I gave one star because a negative value is not possible. I got to the boot a bit tipsy last night with my friend. We wanted to check out the Tulane bars. First off, there were 8 people in the bar and 2 of them were the workers. The drinks were stupidly priced. Your "double" is actually probably barely a single and costs $8 for a whiskey and coke. I forgot if I had closed so I asked the bar tender who then panicked because he couldn't find my card, which very clearly made me upset. So I checked my bag and found my card, the bartender then told me that I needed to "reel in [my] attitude" after I apologized for being upset. (He should clearly meet more people from the tristate area. It'd help him grow a thicker skin to "attitude") he could have said "I don't have your card, please check your wallet" or "I'm pretty sure you already closed" but he didn't. The service was rude, overpriced and honestly not worth my time.If you've graduated from high school and/or don't goto Tulane, skip itI have a need/hate relationship with this place.  It is gross. Yet when you just finished a friday test and you need a place that is close and cheap, the boot sucks you in a very gross, disgusting way.  You feel the need to bathe in acid after leaving, just get the hormones off your skin.So I'm 23 and I felt like the oldest person in the room besides the bartenders (who are seriously overworked and under appreciated). Not worth going unless you are an undergrad....or younger. The service itself was great, except one guy behind the bar who I was scared he was going to set the place on fire any second. In short, don't expect this place to be anymore than it is. It's good for your first bar experience, but you will quickly outgrow it. 
P.S. please tip your bartenders. Seriously.If I could give zero stars, I would.
I've never been a fan of the bar, but I never really hated it either. Lots of douchebags mostly--can't count on any intellectual conversation to come out of the Boot. 
Last night (11-15-13), however, I was assaulted by 2 large male bouncers as I was leaving the bar. I walked out, they stopped my friends because they had drinks (in plastic cups, -so I went back in with them (obviously the way I had JUST come out of), to tell my friends "it's no big deal, we can go back in so you two can finish your drinks, essentially taking up for the bouncer. The bouncer then yelled at me "You can't go in this way!" I was confused since he had just seen me and  said, "Oh, I JUST left, I have a wristband and everything?"He proceeded to scream at me, while blocking my pathway out, "THIS ISN'T A F***ING ENTRANCE!!!" and grab my arms. I asked him not to touch me and he grabbed both of my arms. I started screaming for him to let me go when the other bouncer grabbed me as well. The guys behind me pushed us all out of the bar and the bouncers finally let me go. When I left I had red marks on my arms and I was extremely shaken up.
Fact is, I am a 5'2" tall, 115 pound young woman, I wasn't causing trouble in the least and based on my size I was clearly not a threat to the two large bouncers there. They got physical and used EXCESSIVE force completely unnecessarily as I was clearly just confused by their requests and immediate hostility. I did not curse, nor did i raise my voice or even insult either of them before they physically assaulted me. 
BEWARE THIS BAR! THEY UNNECESSARILY ASSAULT PEOPLE!The Boot was GREAT during my undergraduate years but it is waaay too young now (or am I just too old) and plays mostly bad music these days.  Back when I was a crazy undergraduate rugby player we had some great parties here for the Tulane Rugby Tournament.  I still sneak in once a year during Carnival, for old times sake, to grab a few beers in the huge plastic cups which come in very handy for wandering around during the parades.  It is just like a nasty  little piece of Bourbon Street was transplanted Uptown.THEY DISCRIMINATE!! do NOT go here!! My friends and I tried to go to the boot and they turned us down because we didn't have college ids pff. they said "no high schoolers aloud" it was SO embarrassingThe boot is the Tits!!!! I jam out so hard here and make out with so many college chicks. It's especially easy if you're 24+ cause the college girls love older guys. Where else can you get a 50 cent shot, do some blow over the puke ridden bathroom and then wash it down with a delicious slice of the new Orleans famous boot pizza??? Only at the boot, only in new Orleans!Got the 'boot' from here after being inside for about 45 seconds. Tried to look outside to see if my friend got in and the bouncer put hands on me pushing me out of the way saying I'm blocking the entry. Told him not to touch me and I was pushed our violently. Mind you I'm 40 and sober trying to show a cousin a good time. At least there were a lot of hot young girls there.Do not go here if you are older than 21. 
The review about getting punched in the face is no joke.  Idiots abound at The Boot and everyone is tanked.  
Honestly though, this kind of environment appeals to some people, if it does, hmmm... than this place is perfect for you.Anyone ever wonder why they called this the Boot?
Well, for one, the state of Lousiana is shaped like a boot.
You just have to go here if you go to Tulane. Or even better, if you wanna hit up some unknowing Tulane chicks who don't know any better.
They used to have 3 for 1 happy hour specials, and you can seriously get wasted off your mind.
What you do is start the night off here, and end it here if you haven't found anyone to take home at some other joint.  
This place is a staple of college life at tulane.
The best is when they close out this bar at 6 AM with Eddie Money's "Take me home Tonight."
With this place being so close to campus, and great drink specials, there's no reason NOT to hit up this place.Just tried callin for delivery .  Got hung up on 3 times.  I dont care if you stopped delivering DO NOT HANG UP ON MEHung out here a lot in high school.  Few times when I was in college and still under 21 and have been back occasionally after that, but reluctantly.  Probably the only reason I go back is for the Boot Pizza, otherwise the bar isn't fun, especially on a crowded night.  The employees are not too friendly.  I've seen them get into just as many fights as the drunk people who go here, and the girl bartenders sit at the end of the bar with their friends and gossip and flirt the entire time when they think it's not busy enough. 
On the most recent note, I thought it might be a good idea to go during college football this past Saturday, since there do seem to be different crowds during games, and they have two projection screens.  I requested an hour before that the SEC games be put on the big screens at prime time and was led to believe they would be, until I missed kick off for the LSU/WVU game because the bartenders could not be found to change the channel.  It wasn't even on any of the smaller tv's they have.  We had a little tiff with the bartenders before we finally left.  My mistake on giving it the benefit of the doubt.I had the buffalo chicken wrap and it was great! I will admit--the undergrad population was a little unpalatable, but the food made up for it. Quick service and cheap prices!This place is an absolute shit hole. The bouncers are creepy college students, the drinks are watery, it's a waste of time and money to attend this place no matter your age or year in school.I write this review not because I think that people who actualy frequent the Boot will change their minds and find some sort of taste, but because if you are taking the time to read this, then hopefully I can save you in advance
A few things you should know
1-In order to get into the Boot and or drink all you need is a note from your Mom.
2- If you enjoy watching minors get drunk-then the Boot is the place for you.
3- The "doormen" if you can call them men are overwhelmingly disgusting.
4-I hope you have had all of your tetanus shots, but chances are, if you are at the Boot, then you probably just took them last month because you've just started college.
Ultimately I would give the Boot negative stars if I could.My friend who was in town visiting me actually got roofied here last year. Luckily we were a group of 4 and the rest of us were able to take care of her and protect her and get her home. For how uptight the bouncers are you would really think they wouldn't let people like that get through. Unfortunately my friend does not want come back to Nola anymore after that experience.This bar has a special place in my heart because that's where I met Novio on my first day out as a freshman, thank you tequila. All jokes aside, great environment, young crowd and happy people. Crawfish season is lit, $8 serving with corn and potatoes! They make pretty good burgers and pizza too. The chicken caesar wrap is addicting! Parking is basically non-existent.Was looking for a fun college bar, found room full of underage children. 
Not a single person over 16.Total crap hole. Although my burger wasn't too bad. Service sucks, bathrooms are horrendous, and padded my bar tab with numerous misc fees.   I remember getting in when I was an underaged kid... 30 years ago... lol.DISCLAIMER: I am 21 years old so I probably enjoy this place way more than college graduates do. 
The Boot is by no means a nice bar. It's filled with underage college students, us fraternity brothers, and sometimes even highschoolers who will tell you they go to Tulane (until you ask them what dorm and they get completely bamboozled). Do I care? Not at all - this scene is what makes The Boot, well, The Boot!
Music:
The music here is top-notch. From throwbacks to current hits, the music never gets old. 
Let's take a trip down memory lane so I can explain my reasoning for the solid 4 star review. Some of my favorite memories here at the Boot are during the most exciting times of the school year: Syllabus Week, Wet Bid Night, Mardi Gras, Tequila Sunrise, tailgates, etc. Syllabus Week, for those reading this who are unfamiliar, is the first week of every semester where us college kids get absolutely obliterated for a week straight. Why? Well, no one is ready to get back into the swing of things schoolwise quite yet so we drown our sorrows in watered down, triple vodka sours. On game days The Boot comes in clutch. Tired of Natty Lights at the tailgate? Walk less than two blocks to The Boot for a John Daly (which are awesome here). Hungry and want to get drunk? Cop a slice of Boot Pizza, pair it with a tequila lemonade and you got yourself a drunk 5 star meal! 
The memories here are truly endless. I probably have a picture at this bar with every ex-girlfriend of mine (does that say something? Crap). Getting into fights for absolutely no reason. Eating cheese fries at 2:00 AM while your friend pulls trig by the garbages behind The Boot Store. Man, these were (and still are!) some good times. 
Although I have been thrown out of the Boot (think Jazz being tossed out  by Uncle Phil in the Fresh Prince of Bel Air) before, been served watered down drinks, and made decisions that have "L" written all over them, The Boot holds a special place in my heart. Mardi Gras, here I come!This is a five star review, but not in the traditional sense. You don't compare The Boot to other bars. The Boot is it's own thing. It's just The Boot. So you don't rate it on the same scale as other bars. Just don't plan on spending your entire evening here, or coming in after 9 or 10 PM when things start to head toward blackout-ville.  But if you stop by for a drink in the mid-afternoon or early-evening, it's not a bad spot for a cocktail and to hear the legendary tales from those of us familiar with this legendary dive bar of New Orleans.Don't eat here. Maybe drink here. Maybe.
I had a burger today, and while I was waiting, I noticed a mouse running around the tables. My girlfriend notified the kitchen, and was told to talk to the bar. When she told the bar, they looked at her as if she was crazy, as if having mice running freely around an eating establishment is perfectly acceptable.
Quite frankly, it's disgusting, and they don't care.
I filed a report with the City.A server named Hallie treated me and my party with the utmost disrespected and verbally and beligerantly confronted is when our tip did not meet her expectationsThe Boot is the butthole of the universe. The floor is inexplicably always wet and covered in garbage. The clientele skews young and butthole-y. It's just dirty and gross and filled with people trying to get super wasted and/or hook up. I, at 26, was several years older than everyone else inside this establishment and I could really tell. It was uncomfortable.
One star here is for the close proximity to pizza. One star is because they occasionally have some good bands playing (they have a Mardi Gras bash that they actually book some cool acts for) and no cover. And we all know the lengths Katie A. will go to for a good deal.I'm letting my heartstrings dictate this review...thanks for the memories, Boot, and for putting those tables together so my Warren dorm friends and I could dance on them, thanks for always playing Doin' It by LL Cool J, Gangster's Paradise, Gin n' Juince and This is How We Do It by Montell Jordan til the novelty kinda wore off....even Idiot Boyfriend by Jimmy Fallon reminds me of you (not that I ever hear it cause who does anymore?) My frosh roommate asked me to make her a Boot mix tape (rather CD) which you probably know the contents of considering you play all 80s typical bar music mixed with whatever crunk jam's big that year (I was Pass the Courvossier and Get Low era) Thanks for always letting my sloppy butt back in even though I drunk munchie stole a Reese's chocolate bar next door and cause, well your admissions standards aren't as high as Tulane's :) and getting me laid by cute frat boys and baseball players (ok I had a couple beer goggles moments) I love you Boot! You were the strip club of Tulane life, that kinda go-to last resort for broke drunk college kids who didn't quite wanna pack it in for the night.Ahhhh the Boot, four years and thousands of dollars later, I still don't know what to say. 
Wednesday and Friday happy hours in the summer, sitting outside with some mixed drinks, friends and dogs, are when you are at your finest.The Boot is an absolute shithole that I never liked.
Hmm. If it is so bad, why would I rate it three stars? Well, now that you asked, it is because I spent a large portion of my formative years there. The Boot taught me many things, some of which I will share with you, my yelp brethren. 
Lessons learned:
1. Chicks dig douchebags - The Boot was always filled with obnoxious college dudes. I was often one of them, but I could never stoop to the level of douchedom that they could. Of course their douchey antics always seemed to attract the attention of the ladies, so I learned that those chicks were douchebags too.
2. Beer should be consumed as quickly as possible - If you're at The Boot, you should be shithammered. Accomplish this by chugging beer. If you do it properly, you can become a douchebag and get chicks.
3. If you bump into someone, don't say you're sorry - Come on, that shit is for pussies. 
4. Piss all over the floor - That toilet is just for decoration. If you happen to pee on someone, follow rule 3.
5. Don't tip the bartender - He is your servant and you deserve that beer.
6. Whenever you want to get your point across, yell and bump your chest - See #1
Of course I took these lessons and did the exact opposite and became the well adjusted, non-douchebag that I am today. The Boot played a big part, and for that I am thankful.This is one of the hottest college bars in town. 98% is mostly undergrads from Tulane and other schools. It gets really packed by 11pm and there are people loitering around in the streets. Since it is so packed, your shoes can get pretty dirty. 
Honestly they have some pretty cheap drinks and drink specials. You also must be 18+ and they make sure you are 21+ to get drinks. This place is very busy between Thursdays and Saturdays. Coming around 10-11 is the time when most of the college students are really partying it up.This is the worst place ever!!!! The vibes and music are cool but the bartenders are not!! Last night we had a lil guys night out. So we decided to go to the boot to hang with people our age, dance and have some drinks. We go to get a drink and the bartenders are literally walking from one end to the other end throwing napkins at all the guys and only serving the females. Then when we call them they point to one another looking stupid. Then when I get upset and ask what is going on a bouncer comes up to me and asks what's my problem trying to be all big and tuff (lol) so I told him and he just walked away. Now I'm not sure if this would be a case of discrimination but if so the owner needs to get new bartenders before the bartenders that are working now get this place in some trouble. (Written by a 21 year old born and raised in New Orleans) 
Also p.s to the owner- your losing so much moneyI waited 30 minutes at the same spot at the bar and when a woman finally took my order  she told me I couldn't get the drink special anymore. I asked if I could speak with a manager because I had been passed up by bartenders 20 plus times at this point and I got up to the counter a half hour before the specials were over. She told me that she was the manager and I responded that she has a little discretion and that I had been next to her waiting for a half hour. She responded "I just served that whole line of people. Go fuck yourself". Great customer service. Telling paying customers to go fuck themselves is great for business I'm sure. Needless to say I did a 180 and walked out. The boot should have won shittiest bar in America.If you're thinking about going to The Boot, ask yourself a few questions.
Q: How old are you?
A: If you are older than 22, you should probably go somewhere else.*
Q: What are you looking for?
A: If it's anything besides a hard blackout on liquor of questionable quality and subsequent grinding/being grinded on by virtual strangers, you should probably go somewhere else. 
Q: Do you enjoy the mystery of not knowing what you just stepped in? What about peeing in troughs?
A: If not, you should probably go somewhere else.
Q: Do you have a modicum of self-respect?
A: If so, you should probably go somewhere else.
All that said, the Boot receives five stars from me because I am sappily sentimental for the days of my youth when I had even less self-respect than I do now, and I regularly took shots of 151. 
And also because, upon my most recent visit, there was a man standing outside who was simultaneously holding a baby and wearing an 'Eat a Dick' t-shirt, next to his friend wearing a cow onesie.
And also because I've seen multiple people pee themselves while standing in/around the bar, I've seen a guy fall asleep in the trough, and I've seen and heard more vomit at The Boot than anywhere else in my life...and people watching is my favorite thing to do.
_____________
*I realize this leaves a small window of legal drinking at this establishment, but legal drinking is overrated anyway.I asked for a Cesear wrap and the girl told me to "stop whining" and then added chicken in my wrap when I asked for no chicken. So rude and horrible experience.This place is the BEES KNEES. Favorite bar of all time. Even though on occasion they make me leave I would live here if given the opportunity. The staff is great when you get to know them. Or get them blackout. If you are not blacked it is not as fun, but rarely does that ever happen. The sign outside says open till 6 but that is fake news. Never do they actually close at 6. Usually people get kicked out at like 5. Unless its a casual night, which it never usually is for me, people get kicked out earlier.Disgusting bar with terrible service. It is full of what appears to be under-age kids and the employees are meatheads. A group of professional women were in the middle of playing a game of pool when a "bouncer" put a board over our pool table. He rudely said the table was now closed. For no reason. All he had to do was say, "finish your game because we're going to close it". We were not drunk or doing anything obnoxious. The manager (who must have been 18), without even checking, rudely said, "what do you want?...your $1.25 back you paid for your game?"). I guess they need to stay focused on teenagers.You only come here if you are 15-21 years old. Us 30somethings walked in for a quick drink as we were strolling through the Tulane campus. It just opened, so you would expect the bathrooms to at least be clean..... none of the stalls locks functioned, and it already smelled bad, again we were the first patrons there. But when in Rome, we tried the Boot shots (Dr Pepper and Jager), yup that took me back to college .The boot will tie your shoes
Super great establishment 
Really a big fan
My favorite to be quite honest 
Yes go here
Or elseThey suck literally let kids underage come in and kick people who are of age out. The food isn't even that good.Quintin, and ALL the cashiers, was the cashier at the Boot store and he was very friendly! Great customer service and not and asshole like some of the people at TJ Quills. Luis also works at the boot store and he is awesome. great workers! Keep up the good personal!