DIdn't live up to the hype (which I wasn't aware of until my friend told me). Seated temporarily at a table on gravel just steps from the sidewalk and the maitre'd podium. When you can smell car exhaust from your table, that's a bad sign for fine dining. The waitress took our drink order only after we flagged her down after she took the drink order of the table next to us. When we were moved inside we were seated in a sort of strange hallway off to the side from the dining rooms, decorated with what looked like trellises from Home Depot. It was empty except for me and my companion. The creepy quiet contrasted with other rooms we could see from where we sat, in which money had been spent on decor. Our area seemed like the place where the help was supposed to eat. Maybe you have to know someone.First time here, I've been looking forward to trying it out for quite some time. I would've preferred to sit for dinner, however, my schedule was conflicted. Upon entry I really enjoyed the layout and the decor. The hostess was very polite and I could tell the staff were smiling under their masks. I ordered the chicken katsu sandwich along with a side of mixed pickles because the menu didn't mention that it was served with a side of fries. The sandwich was very good. The pickled shallot was amazing on the mixed pickle plate. The fries were McDonald's fries minus the salt. That was slightly disappointing. Service was great, my waitress was wonderful. I'll definitely return to try the dinner service.Staff was EXCELLENT!  From the hostess to our waitress Jasmine to the awesome bartender, flyer we enjoyed ourselves!  Downy to earth people with a lot of spunk and a desire to make us feel important.  The food was EXCELLENT also.  Portions a little small though.  The only reason for the 4 star not the 5 is the wine selection was not great.  We tried 2 reds and they were just average.  Wish there was a more full bodied option.All i can say is that you ain't gone go wrong with the twin stack bacon, duck, oysters and sweet potato + ice cream sandwich.Food was excellent and the service was wonderful. What a great place to spend a Sunday afternoon. When we made the reservations, I made a mistake and reserved the wrong date. Nevertheless, they were very busy, yet they made an accommodation that was perfect. I would highly recommend the restaurant for the service and the food.Had the best time here in December for holiday cocktails! I am trying to figure out how they hired all of my favorite hospitality folks from around town. 
Tommy was the kindest and funniest waiter! We enjoyed his cocktail recommendations and his presence. 
Zahara is a New Orleans gem and gave us a great recap of the concept behind the hotel/spaces. 
Also loved seeing Tim! Can't wait to dine here again in the Spring.My review is for dinner only...
I scored seating on the porch on a Monday evening for a celebratory dinner with a friend mid-May.  It looked like the porch seating was only for tables for 2 since there still needs to be room to pass.
I was impressed with the menu and that there was a little something for everyone. My friend and I started with shrimp etouffee dumplings; these were delicious and that ginger sauce was amazing. I had the seafood salad and my friend had the duck mole dish. They were both very good and I was impressed with the seafood and size of my salad. I had also ordered the crawfish tortelli in case I as still hungry but I ended up taking that home to eat the next day. 
For dessert we split the chocolate candy bar which was stunning. I mean delicious. I would go back just for it. Yummy. My friend got one of the signature cocktails and I had a refreshing glass of bubbles. 
All staff was masked and social distancing was good.Damian, the host, was so kind and accommodating during what I'm sure is a difficult time with covid. Cannot say enough positive things about him. Food was great (Chloe salad esp.) and the drinks were amazing.
We loved the atmosphere.Let's start with the numbers. 5 for ambience, 5 for dessert, 4 for food and service, 3 for cocktails. When you walk in, the ambience hits you like a ton of bricks. It is as if you have been transported to an enchanted land or a beautiful movie set in which you are the star. The setting is as unique as it gets and quintessential awesome New Orleans. The bar is classic and reminds one of The Columns. Yet we were disappointed with our cocktails and the limited selection, as many of the menu cocktails were not available or out of stock (perhaps this is just growing pains). 
We were then escorted by our enthusiastic and welcoming host to the back porch. Boy O Boy, what can I say. That is one bad ass back porch. We felt as if we were on a tropical vacation, with a pool, palm trees, outdoor bar and just cool vibe.
Next came the food. The beef tartare with ice cream...very unique and interesting. The salads were good and the brown butter drum was delicious. The highlight though, was most certainly the ice cream sandwich. We like to eat desserts in moderation, but couldn't help getting after a second sandwich after rapidly devouring the first!
Overall, cool spot with interesting food and amazing ambience. Would definitely come back here for a group celebration.Starting with the entry and classic building was met with very accommodating staff. Quickly seated at an outside table, it started to rain.  We were taken inside and seated in a very cozy section.  Now for the food, appetizers were very tasty with a nice spice. Recommend the pork belly!  My burger was exceptional, the bun was light and not overly bready.  The burger was juicy and flavorful and didn't need any other condiments like ketchup (which I normally add to a burger.  My Sazarac is a New Orleans specialty and didn't disappoint.  This place is well worth the five stars!The food was delicious, especially the hamburgers. I'm celiac and our waiter (and staff) were able to accommodate me so well! Our waiter, Peter, was truly what won us the five stars. He recommended us dishes, gave us full details about allergens, and most importantly, gave us great wine recommendations. Will be back! Thanks, Peter!!! :)Amazing experience at the chloe! To begin, it's an old house that's converted into a hotel so I already was in love. Then we were able to sit outside at the lounge bar before we got seated. The drinks and food were phenomenal. Will def be back.We came here for brunch on a Sunday. The decor and hotel is beautiful! Very light and airy in the dining room, with dark beautiful accents inside on the hotel areas.
 There's an outside patio and pool with bar so this place has so many different vibes for your lounge and food needs. There are also heaters if you come around cool days. 
We ordered several drinks, appetizers and entrees and shared amongst the group. The waiter was great, but the three stars was for the brunch menu choices and the speciality cocktail variety. Of course since it's on St. Charles we knew it would be pricy. I just wish it was more flavorful and larger portions. 
The dumplings were really great but not very hot. I ordered the Chicken and French toast and there was a butter sauce instead of syrup. It wasn't sweet and buttered French toast with no sugar or syrup wasn't exactly the most tastiest. I also had the mushroom melt which was great. The shrimp and grits were fine.
All in all, I would definitely come for a drink and maybe an appetizer. I enjoyed the ambiance and the staff was great!This restaurant was amazing. I thought sitting on the patio this time of year (end of May) would be torture but it was the perfect day. We got the shrimp dumplings (amazing) and I got the seafood salad with a side of fries and it was the perfect meal. I must go back and try their brunch!!!I'm new to New Orleans and my wife saw a review of this restaurant in a magazine.  We were not disappointed.   The food we had was excellent and our waiter Robby was also excellent.By far the best new restaurant in the past year. Incredible interior, comfortable setting. The pool in the back is going to be an amazing vibe. 
The food is second to none. Chef Pulsinelli offers a wide range that simply doesn't miss. 
Will I be back? Yes, already have been. Highly recommended.If you are over forty you might feel old here...
The ole lady and I came here about a week ago for dinner.  We sat outside on the back porch.  Nice atmosphere and all that.  Definitely gave off the "you need to be hip" to come here vibe.  I'm kind of old now, or maybe old in my head...  10 years ago I would've been all about it.
So the food.  It was good.  Not great, but good.  However, for the price the portion was really small.  I had the duck for like 33-bones, and I was still hungry afterwards.  Wanted to go to Popeyes for round 2.
So I think it be a cool spot to tip a couple cocktails bag, maybe do a cannonball in the pool, but other than that hurts the pocketbook.The service was Amazing. The staff was Super attentive. Great atmosphere! Love this new place!Lovely staff and beautiful setting. They were very accommodating and made us feel safe and cared for.We went for lunch Mardi Gras Day. Inside is a beautiful Victorian home. I ordered the shrimp etouffe gyoza. It was good. But was disappointed I didn't order something else. The outside pool area was beautiful and we sat outside for a bit.I dined here lastnight and I can honestly say my experience was great. The hotel is beautiful. The atmosphere was laid back and I enjoyed the outdoor seating especially due to covid. The tables have the cutest hand sanitizer bottles that look like cologne. I ordered the dumplings, oysters and drum. All were really good. My food could have been a little warmer but I enjoyed it. The drink were well balanced and tasty. I could tel they were made by a mixologist and the presentation of my meal and drinks sealed the deal. I will be returning to try other dishes and their brunch which I've heard is also good.Super victorian hotel with a modern touch uptown off St. Charles. The plants in the garden area are what attracted me. The hotel area is very loungy but also has a pristine feel. The food - we just ate the oysters and they were good. The cocktail selection is fun. I enjoyed a good destruction and could have had a second. I can't lie, the pool area made me feel like I wasn't in NOLA.  
I am super excited about this hotel and restaurant. They opened during a crazy time - a pandemic and are making it. Book your resy, wear a mask and be safe.Very crowded. Service was difficult due to the amount of peoole. Good cocktails but pricey. I did not sample their food because it wasn't comfortable to eat there - way too many people and not enough spots to sit. If you do go, make a reservation well ahead of time. My impression: overratedThe Chloe recently opened and is a restaurant, bar and hotel. Went to dinner for the first time there and was blown away. The whole place is just a TOTALLLLL VIBE. Very Instagram worthy! Our experience was A+ from the moment we stepped on the grounds. The host was very nice and welcoming. The outside faces St. Charles Avenue and has views of the street car. They have outdoor seating with heaters scattered throughout. Once you walk inside you'll be amazed at the different fabrics and textiles. There are multiple seating areas outside and inside if you're waiting for your table or enjoying an after dinner cocktail. The bar area is very dark and mysterious appearing, loved it. There is not much dining space inside and I would definitely book a reservation or call ahead before showing up. They offer brunch as well and this would be an absolute great brunch spot. Anyways, back to dinner. The menu was small but don't let that deter you, they execute that small menu FABULOUSLY. We shared two appetizers, two entrees and a dessert. The cocktail menu is very progressive and I'd recommend stepping out of your comfort zone and giving one of their handcrafted cocktails a try. I'm personally not a scotch fan, but my boyfriend got the No Motion and I enjoyed it. I'd describe it as a sour licorice taste. I'd recommend this restaurant as a couples dinner, causal business meeting, showing someone around town, date night. Dress attire is nice- slacks, jeans, button downs, dresses, blouse, heels if you like. I'd avoid very casual.Sorry folks, I know I'm in the minority here but this just didn't wow me like it has many others.
My gal pals and I showed up for our Sunday brunch reservations. We requested outdoor seating when making the reservation and were seated in the gravel pit at the front of the hotel -- it's not the most scenic of areas but we did enjoy being close to the live band. 
I chose their daily punch to sip on and my goodness, did it go down easy! My friends got their rendition of a Bloody Mary and one of the champagne cocktails on the menu which they enjoyed. 
Now, on to the food - 
Shared starters: grilled broccoli and cauliflower salad, shrimp etouffee dumplings, house made charcuterie. The dumplings were good and the only thing I really enjoyed from the charcuterie board was the pimento cheese. The grilled broccoli and cauliflower salad is not my jam to begin with so I won't hold this against the restaurant. 
Individual meals: I got the eggs florentine; girlfriends got the double stack burger and the lobster roll. My dish was almost flavorless and entirely lacked presentation -- the eggs atop biscuits were just sorta thrown onto the plate. Both my dish and the lobster roll were quite small for the price. The double stack burger was presented well with a heaping stack of fries which were tasty. 
Service was good, safe for COVID times, and contact tracing is in place. 
Overall, the drinks were the highlight of the experience for me. The prices were far too high for what was delivered and the meals left much to be desired both in terms of presentation and flavor. Hope you have a better experience than me!I was really excited to try this place, but left disappointed. I'll start by saying the space is beautiful. It provided a very nice ambiance and vibe for a birthday dinner, but the food was not quite it. Everything had potential but lacked flavor. The spicy crab baked oysters had more breadcrumbs than anything. I didn't taste any spice or crab - just toasted breadcrumbs and an oyster. My friend ordered the lamb chops and sent them back after one bite. We ended up ordering takeout after having dinner here.My wife and I took a trip to New Orleans for our eighth wedding anniversary. We arrived at 1pm feeling pretty hungry. After checking into our hotel, we saw recommendations for the porch at Chloe's for brunch / lunch. It was beautiful. I had the seafood salad and Mary had the chicken katsu sandwich. We washed it down with cocktails, sitting on the patio in perfect weather, and we took the trolley home. Chloe's gave me a perfect introduction to New Orleans for my wife.I visited The Chloe for brunch with a friend and I had a wonderful time. The interior of the hotel main lobby and restaurant is stunning. There are so many cool places to sit and it is all very intimate. I started off with the Bloody Maria cocktail. It was bright green and had great flavor. Then we shared the shrimp etouffee dumplings. The dumplings are definitely very popular and rightly so because they were delicious. They were not spicy at all and had a great Creole/Asian fusion flavor. I had the chicken katsu sandwich as my entree and my friend had the eggs florentine. I Loved my sandwich. It consisted of a fried chicken cutlet with a bacon onion marmalade and lettuce on lightly toasted bread. The sandwich was cut into 3 thin pieces and also served with fries. I loved katsu and this sandwich went above and beyond my expectations. My friend's eggs florentine was very rich and filling. Be sure to walk around the hotel before or after you eat there. The pool area is stunning and I really want to visit sometime. I would also like to return to do some work on my laptop during the week at one of the many cool areas to sit in on the first floor. The Chloe is located right on the St. Charles streetcar line and there is some street parking in front and around back.The greatest vibes you will ever need. The Chloe is a cute boutique hotel on St. Charles Ave. There are 14 rooms but also a patio, backyard and pool. It is so incredible!
We decided to get cocktails here but I ended up eating. Chef Todd has made some amazing creations including the shrimp etouffee dumplings and the chicken katsu sandwich. I ordered two bramble cocktails which is gin, lemon juice, and blackberry. Absolutely refreshing!
I saw that they are now serving brunch and I CANNOT WAIT TO GO!AMAZING place for dinner! The food was absolutely incredible and all the servers very personable and seemed happy to be there. Our waitress even offered to give us a tour after we finished eating because we wanted to see the new hotel. 
What we ordered: 
-Beef tartare: really incredible seasoned and tasty! It comes with black garlic ice cream which was really interesting but in the best way 
-blackened butter crusted drum: this was probably the best drum I've ever had! It was so deliciously flavored and had a perfect texture. I already want to go back 
-steak and frites: my boyfriend got the steak and frites and I was able to try it and it was delicious. The fries were especially tasty! 
This place is a must try!! They have great outdoor seating available as well.We were celebrating a friend's birthday and the Chloe was an excellent choice. The building is beautiful and the food was great. 
The team helped find vegan options for her and help provide a remedy for her hiccups.
We were so impressed with the Chloe we looks at booking a return trip to just stay there.Amazing spot!!! Super cool, service was great and food was awesome!!! Check it out!!!I treated Shari V to the Chloe for brunch.  Brunch is not my favorite meal at all but I am game for trying a cool spot especially if Shari V is excited about it.
The Chloe is a hotel on St. Charles with a pretty nice sized area for dining. There looked to be some outdoor options but it was pretty cold so we stayed inside.  In fact, inside my one gripe was how cold the place was.  Temperature aside, the ambiance was cool.  Very quaint.  Lots of comfortable places to sit, drink and dine.
We started with a round of baked oysters.  Not my favorite but they were decent enough.  Had an ok flavor but I thought needed a little bit more seasoning considering the size.
For my entrée, I had the fried chicken and French toast.  I liked this much better than chicken and waffles.  It was a hearty piece of dark meat, thigh as I recall.  The sauce/butter was excellent.  I could have used a second helping of this.  The skin of the chicken was crispy and well-seasoned.  Chicken and the French toast came out piping hot.  
If we repeat the Chloe, I am interested in trying some of their other apps.  I would likely repeat the chicken and French toast.My husband and I went for Happy Hour this last weekend. 
We ordered the charcuterie plate and it was so good, we ordered a second. We hadn't planned on eating dinner there and decided we definitely need to return for dinner after enjoying 2 helpings of charcuterie. Fabulous flavors and presentation in a gorgeous setting, outside overlooking the pool. 
The hotel is gorgeous; can't wait to come back.Feeling fancy? The Chloe's impeccable service and ambiance will enrobe you in decadence.  Cocktails and small plates are artfully prepared to impress.Absolutely delightful boutique hotel with patio, porch, poolside area, incredible Vintage bar and finally comfy upscale inside dining. It is a St Charles Avenue Cultural Experience. We love weekend afternoons but feel sure most anytime is a pleasant fun time at The Chloe! The service is relaxed but attentive. The menu is interesting. The drinks equally interesting and the food is excellent and eclectic. It is really a must do for a couple or just a group of friends. Sit in the shade, on the porch or on a comfy sofa, relax and just let the good times roll!!Amazing atmosphere, exquisite food, charming, efficient and friendly service. What more can anyone ask for? A pool? Innovative, clever design? A patio for relaxing or a porch hammock just because, who doesn't love a hammock?! Just go-you're missing out if you skip The Chloe. The burger is Awesome, as was everything else we ordered.This great find is a must for your visit to New Orleans. The atmosphere is nice you can sit out front in the courtyard, on the porch or enjoy the backyard poolside. They have some great appetizers, I recommend the oysters and some nice drinks. The staff is friendly and I will be back on my next visit.Beautiful setting. The food was just ok and pricy. $18 for five oysters that were mediocre. Fries were not hand cut. Might return for a cocktail in warm weather but not for the food.The best dining experience we've had in years. Friendly staff, impeccably timed yet non-intrusive service, stunning view of St Charles Avenue, and all this before the food even came out. The charcuterie plate was by far my favorite - and I know my meats. I'm usually not a fan of country pate but this was smooth and not-chunky and the deep fried crackers were a divine vehicle. Don't even get me smarted on the pimento cheese. The flounder, the salads, THE BROCCOLI APPETIZER. And the next time someone asks me about the best dish I've had in a restaurant, I'll be able to tell them it's the ice cream sandwich.Holy hole in the wall! this place is amazing and offers great drinks. Confidently located on ST Charles. Great place to stop at on your way down to the quarter. Or for a relaxing beach day with their 35 dollar 2 hour pass for their pool!Delicious food! Great environment! Highly recommend stopping by if you haven't already. Located on beautiful St. Charles, you really can't go wrong! Reservations are needed as this spot is growing quite popular!Talk about destination dining! The building itself is exquisite, the very best of old New Orleans architecture with just a hint of Southern gothic. The decor is inspired! The staff--from the host to the bartender to the wait staff--were friendly and solicitous. The food was outstanding. We decided to have three starters for lunch. Each was better than the last. The Moscow Mules were yum. Presentation of the food was on point. There were several choices for seating inside and out including a spacious, sun-drenched solarium, back deck, front porch, and several private-ish dining rooms. After our lunch, the staff let us wander about and soak in the old New Orleans charm of the place. Would be fun for a small wedding or rehearsal dinner.The Chloe
   Now that it's getting a little cooler, outside dining is getting more and more popular. So we definitely wanted to have brunch by the pool @thechloenola. I thought we made a reservation using @resy, but once we arrived, our reservation was nowhere to be found. My heart was broken. I could not believe this happened, but Robbie was able to turn things around. Unfortunately, we weren't on the patio, but we were accommodated considering how busy and booked they were. Thank you Robbie!
    Aubrey was our server and he did a great job. He was very shocked at how much food we decided on ordering for just two people, but we couldn't resist. We both started with the "Chloe Dancer" cocktail, very fruity and refreshing. For starters, my date ordered the "Shrimp Etoufee Dumplings". They were steamed perfectly, soft, topped with crushed chili, giving it a little heat and a touch of ginger; really flavorful and lite. I on the other hand, ordered my dessert as my appetizer. I requested the " Apple Tartlet". OMG good! Very similar to apple pie, but with more crust just like I like it; chunks of apple, and a lemon sorbet. It was an excellent choice, giving a fresh citrusy finish.
    For our main course, we went a little heavy and ordered the "Twin Stack Burger", "Fried Chicken and French Toast" and the "Shrimp and Grits". We paired those entrées with fresh cocktails, the "Daily punch" and a "Daiquiri". Whew! Where do I start?
   My hands down favorite was the burger. I'm not normally a burger person unless at a burger joint but this definitely was a smart move. A fully dressed, doubled patty burger, tons of American cheese and a fresh poppy seed bun. So, so juicy and amazingly good. Then the Fried chicken and French toast! A tender thigh, placed on top of a slice of French toast with honey hot sauce butter. Last but not least shrimp and grits. Creamy grits with a hint of spice from the sausage, and fresh roasted peppers.
   My overall experience was great even with the minor setback. I definitely will be back once the weather turns to take a dip in that pool with some great cocktails and that delicious food.Delicious and inventive brunch with friends. Lovely atmosphere, great service, to-die-for drinks, and good food. I would definitely go back! Slight drawback in comparison to other brunches is lack of music, but I didn't mind since we could more easily hear each other speak. We sat in what seemed to be the main dining room with garden views, and had a wonderful time. 
I could spend this review going through the menu of food and drinks, but we ordered such a variety of food that I'd have to go through the whole menu. To save time I'll tell you that there were no bad drinks. Not a single one was even meh; they were all superb. Food was mostly good, but portions can be tiny. You should ask before you order how large a dish will be because the portion size varies tremendously without much rhyme or reason - which was my one complaint of the place. My roll was soooo small with the tiniest amount of chips (pictured) priced as an entree. Thankfully I'm a small eater, but even with the apps it was hard to tell if we'd ordered something that could be shared or not. 
Service was top notch! We even received a quick tour, which is how we found out about the pool area (read below). 
The atmosphere is the best part of visiting. There are so many rooms in which to dine, including an outdoor patio space and indoor lobby to enjoy drinks. The back area has outdoor seating as well as a bar and pool for drinks and hanging out. They have pool chairs that you can rent for the day if hotel guests aren't using them. 
We hadn't prepared ourselves for swimming so we simply hung out at the backyard bar after brunch for one more drink in the gorgeous weather. I definitely want to come back one day to enjoy the pool since a chair reservation comes with a drink. Love that!We were lucky to have a friend living nearby who brought us to this lovely place.  I think it has enough five-star reviews that soon-to-be customers don't need too much more encouragement from me and I can confirm what the others have said about the great service and excellent food. I also had one of the best cocktails of my life here, the Say Less (Gin, Bergamot, Cucumber, Lemon), genius!! In fact, I liked it so much I had another one for dessert!  I can also confirm that they do all kinds of food very well.  I loved the char-grilled oysters and the shrimp and grits!  Our friend, who eats a lot of hamburgers, said this one was superior.  While we were there on the front porch, it started to pour down rain, but the porch was wide enough that we could enjoy the show and not get wet!  All-in-all this place deserves every one of its five stars and I hope to go back on our next to New Orleans!Amazing vibe and food. We sat on the patio but if it's not for covid, we would love to sit in the lounge too. They do a great mezcal negroni! We came here on Thanksgiving, so we got a mix of Thanksgiving food and regular menu items. Everything was delicious. 100% would come back!What can I say...we have stayed here three times... eaten lunch and dinner more times that I care to count... referred friends on more than one occasion and NEVER been dissatisfied. We love the hotel...the food... but it's the staff that takes the place so far over the top that they shame the other boutique hotels across the city.Super cute place but the food was absolutely terrible. The charcuterie board was the most disgusting thing I have ever tasted, a mix of cat food like substances and spam. Couldn't even eat it. Everything was super salty or bland. Just a total disappointment.Stumbled upon this place while scrolling Instagram and I'm so glad that i decided to give it a try. 
The Chloe is a charming boutique hotel that also operates as a restaurant and bar. We came for brunch a few weeks ago and sat outside by the pool where the vibe instantly changed from the vintage New Orleans feel of the indoor restaurant and bar to a vintage tropical isle. 
We got lucky as it was a really gorgeous day out after a streak of cold so it was perfect for a day by the pool. We started with the shrimp étouffée dumplings, which were a surprising yet highly enjoyable fusion, and got a round of the daily punch (we got the last two of the day; 'twas meant to be). The punch was sweet with a slight spicy kick; very delicious and perfect for the setting. For our entree, we got the Twin Stack Burger and switched to Bahama Mamas. The burger was classic and tasty and the drinks were on point! Not too sweet, good strong kick, but not too overpowering. *chef's kiss*
The service was great from start to finish. We had a great server, all staff had on masks and wore them properly (cover those noses, folks!), and tables were adequately distanced. Even when the sun began to go down and the temperature started to drop, two staff members swiftly got us a refill for the propane in the heat lamp. 
I really enjoyed my time at the Chloe and will definitely be back.I've always had a lovely experience at The Chloe. It's a beautiful place, and the team is SO friendly. I came in last night for drinks and we had to pivot our plan as we ended up with a smaller group. Everyone was so accommodating and we had a great time.
The food and drinks are solid, and you can't beat the atmosphere. Great spot!Went there after a dinner date for dessert and
Cocktails. Everything was delicious and service was great. The space is also decorated very well and I'll definitely be back for a full meal. If you're looking for a romantic space for date night that's not stuffy or pretentious, this is itLoved the vibe and food here. Definitely a treat yourself kinda place for your wallet. I had the best service here with our waitress Carly! 10/10 hospitality, best service we had in NOLA in our visit here.I've eaten at the Chloe a couple of times now and both times have been a delightful experience.  The atmosphere is cute and cozy.  The service is excellent.  During my last visit I had the grilled lemon fish. The fish was prepared perfectly, the summer corn was creamy with a fresh hint of jalapeño and tomatillos.  One of my friends got the burger and fries. The fries were so good, that we ordered more for the whole table.  This is meant to be a compliment, but they tasted like fries from McDonald's. They were hot and crispy. The portions of their entrees are on the smaller side compared to other New Orleans restaurants, so don't expect to take home any left overs. On the bright side, you'll have room for dessert and the ice cream sandwich is a must try.Rating 1 - 10 
Step it up!! - Right on! 
10 Beautiful interior of the home. Nice porch, lil 'cold'.
7 Meh, nice enough patio; not eye-catching. 
That's about all that was positive this visit. 
5 People seated a bit too close together at tables on front patio. 
0  *Waiter and staff - none wearing masks or keeping any sort of distance. 
4  Prices too high; menu a bit pretentious. At least give me a great drink or delicious food in return! 
8  If you know your fancy cocktail ingredients you'll love this menu. Frankly we could've used an interpreter, but that's part of the fun, learning and trying new things. 
1 Their take on a margarita was unacceptable in my book!. In a small tumbler glass (ugh) with too much ice, watered down yet far too sweet. Sugar water. Blah, bland
9 to a 2  Waiter was very nice and Informative, then never came back. He passed by but didn't check with us  Busy place, tables full, plenty of staff around. Mixed crowd. 
2 Appetizer was very disappointing. 
Fru-fru menu of 'Asian, Italian, Vietnamese inspired' foods (he said) produced a saucer of  4 small mushy, bland, rubbery dumplings (appetizer) in a so-so salty brown sauce. 
For $40  (friend had 1 tiny drink also) I don't think I'll be back.Soooo cute. Ambiance is everything here. I tried the shrimp etouffee dumplings (amazing) and I had the seafood salad which was delicious too! Recommend!Myself and two friends came without a reservation thinking we were just going to grab drinks but we decided we wanted dinner once we saw the menu. They were able to seat us out on the deck by the pool. We went to the bar to order everything. We each got one cocktail, one appetizer, and one entree so that we could sample a good portion of the menu. I ordered the charcuterie board as my appetizer. However, it was the very last thing to come out (after the other apps and after all three entrees). That was strange especially considering nothing on there required cooking. The board was underwhelming, a few crackers, cranberry sauce?, pepper jelly, pimento cheese, and some kind of other spread with two meats and a pickled veggie. Sorry, I didn't get a description of what was on it. It was just okay. The shrimp etoufee dumplings were also just okay. Needed a punch of flavor. Maybe some spice and/or some acidity. The pickled crab was great though. The Tasso flavors along with that peanut butter sauce is a winning combo. The veggies weren't mushy and it had nice chunks of crab meat. Would def get that again. As for entrees, two of the three were a tad underwhelming. The blackened flounder lacked seasoning IMHO but was okay with the butter sauce. I thought the veggie accompaniment to it lacked flavor as well. The lamb was also lacking seasoning, the lamb alone and the sauce that came on it. The best part about that fish was the potato cake thing (it had some kind of meat in it) and that lovely pea tzatziki. I really enjoyed those. Hands down the star of the meal was the duck entree. It was seasoned well and every single thing on that plate was delicious. The mole sauce was just *chef's kiss*. The corn cake was great. And I couldn't stop eating the pickled tomatillos and jalapeños. The flavor was so good, that pickling mix is a winner for sure. My cocktail was great (I had the Say Less). Super refreshing. The staff was friendly and accommodating. It's a beautiful place and a great atmosphere. I will definitely be back for that duThere's no better way to cool off than to go to the pool in 90+ degree Louisiana weather! I came across an article highlighting hotel pools where local New Orleanians can swim (for a fee). The Chloe was listed as a swanky, backyard tropical oasis and it was ALL THAT! First of all the hotel is absolutely gorgeous, however this review is specifically for the Resturant and pool area. 
We sat poolside and ordered the shrimp etouffee dumplings(A MUST TRY), chicken and french toast, steak and truffle frites, and an unlimited rounds of Prosecco and Frosé. Everything was flavorful and the presentations were on point! After eating we took our drinks to the pool and relaxed for another hour. I will also note that the staff members we encountered were attentive, helpful, and friendly. 
Pros: Unique pool setting with real European vibes that you cannot find anywhere else in New Orleans. There's also a full bar in the pool area and cute straw hats for sale ($50 each). 
Cons: You will have to reserve your lounge chair or table at 8am for same day reservation only. There are only 4 "non hotel guests" spots available. Not sure how things were before social distancing, make sure to call beforehand.Everything was amazing. Great cocktails! 
We popped in during lunch on a weekday with same day reservations. They were very accommodating and we really enjoyed ourselves.Perfect place to sit outside, eat delicious food, and have a few drinks. It was our first time here and we were really impressed with the service, food and outdoor seating. We ordered the pimento appetizer, hamburger, and dessert. Can't wait to come backThe food and drinks were absolutely, indescribably perfect!  My bestie and I reserved dining reservations on the front patio for 11:45 am on a Saturday.
For drinks we ordered the good destruction, hey cafe! "Cold brew", and idle hands.
For food we ordered the Chloe seafood salad, the shrimp étouffée dumplings, the spicy crab baked gulf oysters, the fried chicken and French toast, the chicken katsu sandwich and the sweet potato hand pie.
When I say every bite was worth every penny I mean it. It was like a party in my mouth.  The ambiance at The Chloe makes eating there even more enjoyable.  I've never seen sweet potato on a dessert menu before and I love sweet potato pies so this was a great treat.  The sweet potato hand pie was pure happiness you just can't miss!  The Chloe is a must try if you're looking for a place to dine with a variety of choices for food.Innovative cocktail menu with a great outdoor space. I had a cocktail with a one-of-a kind liquor from Bolivia I had never heard of. (After leaving I walked around the corner to my favorite wine and liquor store, Martin's, to get some, but they did not know it either.) It's places like Chloe's that keep NOLA at the top of the country's cocktail scene.I will be talking about this meal for a long time. First, the hotel is so cute and quaint. Great staff to great you in the front garden! You walk in and are greeted by a cozy, beautiful hotel lobby and bar. We sat outside on the back patio, and while it was cold outside, they made sure to have all of the heaters lit as well as a lovely fire pit to keep you warm. For starters we had the shrimp étouffée dumplings and charred broccoli and cauliflower. The dumplings were in an amazing crunchy spicy sauce and the charred veggies were perfection! For entrees we both enjoyed the roasted lemon fish. The SAUCE this fish was in... *chefs kiss* I can't recommend this place enough. We indulged in desert and their ice cream sandwich was TO DIE FOR!! They do reservations through their website! I can't wait to go back and try other menu items!I give it 2 stars for the ambiance and location but that doesn't make up for the poor service and tasteless overpriced food.  The waiter had a personality of a rock. the snapper we ordered was more like a guppy swimming in some weird brown gravy, the fries were most likely from a frozen bag, and the charcuterie board was boring.  In a city where food is king, this place is a dud.  We do not recommend!Such an adorable spot and I can't wait to go back and continue getting a better sense of The Chloe with a stay and pool pass to full encompass The Chloe.
My partner and I made a reservation for Monday evening the day of and were super appreciative they were able to squeeze us in. We initially asked for an 8/8:30pm timeslot, but they only had 6:45pm as their latest availability.
The Chloe is a super boutique hotel hosting only 14 rooms within their estate right off of St. Charles and has such a whimsical vibe. The darker, muted tones makes it blend in yet stand out amongst the other properties in this area. I love their pantone colors of choice and it's just so damn perfect. There's a courtyard they utilize for waiting space and all of the tables in the front are part of their dining area for their F&B program. They offer indoor and outdoor dining.
I learned within my dining experience they have a shorter menu for the pool area as it doesn't feature everything from their F&B program.
During our dinner I had two of their signature vodka cocktail, the Good Destruction. Made with vodka, peach, orange, cranberry, and galliano this cocktail is great for the warmer months and refreshing. Very easy to down to be honest.
We started off with the Shrimp Étouffée Dumplings and their Smoked Pork Belly & Shiso. 
The dumplings had a crushed chili and ginger based sauce that was divine. The crunchy elements was a great balance, not to mention, the ample amount of protein in each dumpling. Easy to share between 2-3 people. 
The smoked pork belly itself was delicious and each piece rested on a piece of bib lettuce, drizzled with an aioli-based sauce. Not my fave but I did enjoy it.
My partner and I split their Twin Stack Burger and Striped Bass since we both wanted to try the two. Now these were f*&king home runs y'all. The bass had a wonderful crunch coat, yet the fish itself was flaky and would easily cut with the least amount of effort with your fork. Surround by little pillows of rice dumplings bathed in that sauce, ugh just seriously a foodgasm for the soul. I also loved the oysters in their as well. (I kept dunking everything in the sauce tbh)
The burger had a poppyseed bun and it seriously blows my mind how this simply yet staple menu item took us by surprise. Simply topped with lettuce, tomato, and pickles, this burger wasn't able to hide behind a wall full of various toppings and flavors. It's such a cocky and confident bold statement, that you better make damn sure it's up to par. Welp, The Chloe knows their shit because that burger is literally making me drool as I'm typing this right now. I can't put my finger on it but if The Chloe had to sell their soul they rightfully made the right choice. I'll be back for this alone.
Our server was super polite and informative and we actually discovered they had a day of program where you can utilize and snag a pool pass valid for 4 people at $80 for 4 hours between 5-9pm. Not a bad way to cool off with the hotter months upon us.
My partner and I actually talked about the idea of utilizing this as a special occasion venue space and renting out the hotel so all of our families can stay with us. There's something special about the ambiance here where you know it's a hotel (explore the lobby, EXPLORE THE LOBBY) yet it feels like you're visiting someone's house whom you've known your whole life.
I'll definitely be back.
//
BTW this place is very LGBTQIA+ friendly and open to all. They also have gender neutral bathrooms!The two stars is for ambiance!  The hotel is so chic and fabulous, but the food and service was frustrating.  If you eat out often at overpriced restaurants with Sysco quality food, you will enjoy it.  But if you're a stickler for quality, do not go here.. you will be highly disappointed.  We ordered the Shrimp dumplings and the baked oysters, both were completely underwhelming and lacked a memorable flavor.  Three of us order the Pork cheeks and one order the hangar steak.  All of us with Pork cheeks felt the exact same.. Pork was completely flavorless, which tells me it's very low quality meat.  We had to douse it in the sauce, which was again, underwhelming and kind of made our stomachs turn.  Or maybe that was from the rapini that had charred chunks in it.. like it was cooked on a dirty grill and they scraped it off and included it in the dish.  The hangar steak was "ok".. just edible.  We had a child who ordered chicken tenders and we all agreed that was the best dish!!!!!  The dessert was pretty decent, thankfully.  Wine list was sub par.  The server was MIA most of the time we were there.  I hate to say that because it is covid, but it was very frustrating to deal with.  They had no idea about the wines we asked about and couldn't vouch for food items.  We ordered a bottle of spring water and were given a half empty bottle!!!! It was crazy.  Wine price on the bill was more than the menu price.  It was not a good experience for us.A new place in Nola is a sight for sore eyes during a pandemic.  What I  like is the many options for outdoor seating.  The front porch / patio and the back yard pool area both have adequate seating with the right amount of social distancing.  A good selection of vegetarian foods.  The cocktail selections are a bit lazy... but worth a try.  
The old style mansion -finely renovated, sets the stage for a nice gathering place.  On a chilly day we love the heaters.  The hostesses are nice too!Firstly, this place is absolutely adorable. The building and decor are awesome! The staff is super friendly and nice. Anthony, our server, was very attentive and took care of all our needs. Even our hostess was amazing. My only complaint (and it's fairly large) is the portion size. They brought my plate out (freakishly big for the amount of food) and I literally waited for them to put something next to it. Like I knew that wasn't my whole plate. Once the servers walked away, I laughed uncontrollably at the absurdity of the portion size compared to the actual size of the plate. Just no. This is a 3 course meal place. You need ALL the courses to feel satisfied. I had a drink and an entree and went somewhere else afterwards to get another meal. They should be more upfront about "small plates". Then I could order accordingly. The Good Destruction (drink) and Snspper (entree) were good for the recordOVERALL: Good food; Mediocre cocktail; the staff was judgmental and could use some retraining - everyone should feel excepted everywhere.I visited the Chole for a Sunday brunch and the atmosphere and service was utterly amazing. The decor inside and out is so pretty. I will say they go for a darker vibe, so be prepared to use a flashlight in the bathroom (lol). The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because the food was ok. It lacked a lot of flavor. The chicken and French toast was suppose to be like a hot honey and French toast, but it tasted nothing like hot honey and the French toast tasted like bland bread with butter. The dumplings were ok also. They were lacking that wow factor. My moms royal red sandwich was probably the best thing we ordered, but it still wasn't good enough to run back too. The fries though, the fries are so delicious! Everyone did enjoy their drinks and we enjoyed our time there. It is somewhere I would try again, but not in any rush.So disappointed that this restaurant has taken multiple steps backwards. The flounder was a mushy fish-stick. The steak, ordered medium, was still raw/rare after being sent back. Great drinks and fantastic waitstaff, good salads and desserts. Sun choke tasted great, but was undercooked and caused gas the rest of the night. Unfortunately, the good did not outweigh the bad. Not one entree matched the quality from just a few months ago. Sigh. Can I go back in time?Ate here for the first time this past weekend and it was excellent. 
The place had such a nice ambiance and it's huge. It also has a pool. 
I ordered there chicken and French toast. The chicken could've been more flavorful but it wasn't bad. The French toast was good and I liked it better then the chicken. 
I ordered a cocktail called the "Springfield". One of the best cocktails I've had. Super refreshing and perfect for a hot day!The wait staff was super friendly and the food was amazing. Great place for a casual lunch and cocktails.Stopped in for an early lunch on a Friday. Lovely decor and excellent food.My husband and I finally got around to trying out The Chloe for dinner. We were immediately impressed by the ambiance. The inside of the building is so amazing. Similar to the Columns hotel down the street but with more modern wall colors and decor. We tried the shrimp étouffée dumplings, the wild mushroom dirty rice, the blackened butter crusted speckled trout, and ice cream sandwich for dinner. Everything was good, but nothing impressed us except the ice cream sandwich. We felt that every dish was missing that wow factor. With that said, we were very impressed with the bar. Because the lounge area is so nice, we stayed for a drink after dinner. The bartenders did an excellent job with the drinks. Since we are a short walk from The Chloe, we will definitely be back but likely only for drinks and maybe an ice cream sandwich! We also realized that they have a daily happy hour from 3:30-5:30, which we definitely plan to enjoy.Robbie, Autumn, Jason and Kalie were gracious, kind, generous AND accommodating to our huge wedding party who stopped in last minute after being turned away by a place down the street. 
We enjoyed our time so much, and the service was SO excellent, we stayed hours and watched the sun go down with all of our friends. We all ordered multiple drinks/snacks and instead of getting flustered or frustrated with multiple separate tabs, they simply smiled and asked if there was anything else we needed!
Service like this is a lost art. We've also been told that staying at The Chloe hotel, utilizing the room service and the pool is a dream and we WILL BE BACK to experience that. Thank you Chloe team for lighting us up and providing us a haven to relax after such a chaotic weekend of travel, and joy! WE LOVE YOU.The Chloe is such a vibrant and modern spot! It's a new hotel built from a 19th century mansion that captures the spirit of New Orleans. The Chloe offers limited and charming rooms with intimate and lively restaurant and bar.
I dined at the restaurant after my last final. It was such a refreshing experience. I adored the beautiful dining room from the decor to the marble tables to the beaming rays of sunlight shining through the windows. 
We had a marvelous, attentive waitress. She was educated about the menu and knew everything she was talking about - super well trained. Everyone there is super friendly as well. 
The food is phenomenal. I loved the plating and food styling. The dishes were impeccable! 
The creativity of the dishes shine. My absolute favorite was the starter - shrimp étouffée dumplings. I was shocked by how well the oriental flavors of ginger and crushed chili paired creole notes. The sauce really crafts the dish. 
I ordered the Royal Red Shrimp Roll, and I would order it again! 
Fresh shrimp on toasted Hawaiian roll, who wouldn't love it?!
My boyfriend ordered the Blackened Butter Crusted Flounder, and of course I had to have a bite to try. It was unreal; the crust was unlike any other. Paired with the béarnaise, heaven in my mouth  . 
I have a major sweet tooth, so had to order dessert of course. The ice cream sandwich was perfect! The cookies were chewy and crispy. The brown butter ice cream reminded me so much of toffee. The dessert was the perfect amount of sweetness.
I would totally dine here again and try everything on the menu!
More to the post on @catvologs on Instagram :)Pricey but decent food. Not too much of a selection and small portions. Service was attentive but the hostess seemed to know more and do better than the waiter. She was great and knowledgeable. Had lemon fish, hanger steak, charred broccoli and dumplings.  Plus drinks which were good. Nothing was really mentionable or memorable. Just nice atmosphere with food. Ended with ice cream sandwich and apple tartlet. Again ok. Just expected more I guess.We made reservations at The Chloe because we heard great things about them and it's a aesthetically pleasing place. My family members from out of state came to eat at this restaurant and we were kind of disappointed. The brunch menu is very limited which I understand with COVID-19 going on right now. But they ran out of the thing we wanted the most, The French Toast and Chicken. With a limited menu you would think the place would have every single food item stacked up just in case people wanted to order it. Then the icing on the cake was seeing it at everyone else's table once we left but ours :(!! By far I would come to the restaurant again but please have the Chicken and French Toast PLEASE!I've been here on many occasions, both alone and with a friend and service is top notch. Whether you sit in the front or not, service will always be excellent. They use a local coffee company which is even better. I've had their steak frites and the burger and I've not had a single bad thing. I've not been here yet for happy hour but hopefully that'll change soon! The interior is really nice as well and it's worth it to get a table outside in the back on a nice day.