I'll make this quick:
I've been twice. The food is inconsistent, and the service is consistently bad.My family came here for Christmas Day last year (2015) and were very pleased with our meals. I find that a lot of the menu items were either a huge hit or miss. I started with the escargot, very well seasoned, nice and buttery. Then we had the barbecue shrimp and that was my favorite part of the whole dining experience. If you come to this restaurant you must get the shrimp, the sauce is so good and the shrimps are huge. 
I split the NY strip and the red fish dish with another person at my table. Both were amazing, especially the steak. The steak was perfectly seasoned, thick cut, and cooked to perfection. 
The red fish flavor was immaculate. 
However, my dad got the pork tenderloin and it was literally two thin pieces of cold meat. Not good! 
Then dessert came. I got the creme brûlée and it was incredibly watery, I didn't even eat it, absolutely disgusting. I then ordered the sorbet and it was not good either, it just tasted like pure ice. However, someone else got the bread pudding and it was one of the best desserts I've ever had in my life. 
Be careful what you order here. It can either go incredibly wrong or right!
The staff was slow, which was to be expected on Christmas but he acted frantic and only checked on our table a few times and the restaurant is very small. We had to ask him excessively for water. 
I'm giving this place a four star because the food was deserving.Food was good but nothing (food, service or interiors) justified the steep price. The website does not advertise the food available or their price correctly. Overall a rough experience.I was pleasantly surprised after eating here.  We started out with the crabmeat beignet appetizer which I still think about.  I almost wanted to order more and make that my entree.
I had the Coq au Vin and sampled some of the other dishes that my table-mates got.  The mussels were great.
The environment catered to a great whole experience.  Our waitstaff was very attentive and made sure we were taken care of.  
I will be back!!
I also had a yummy espresso to top off the meal - if you are okay with not going to sleep, I suggest it.Hidden gem of New Orleans. Food is fantastic. Brunch is my favorite because they have crabcakes with hollondaise sauce -terrific. I've tasted other people's entres and been impressed but can never venture from the crabcakes. They're so fabulous. At this point reservations are easy to come by because its not well-known (except by locals). Maybe I shoulnt write such a great review.A small, cozy, romantic little spot.  Service was pleasant and helpful, if a little unpracticed.  Put off my plan, the quite large online menu was not there, a very short list of entrees, missing elements of my plan.  
Sweetbreads appetizer was excellent, as were the mussels and cream sauce.  Absent our planned selection we opted for 3 "small plates" and an entree (the Salad Nicoise).  The 3rd appetizer got mixed reviews (me, mundane, she, tasty).  The salad yielded agreement, on the low side of mediocre.  Wine list was very good.
All in all a bit disappointing given our expectations.Yummy.   I've eaten here twice, both times late lunch/early dinner.  Both times fantastic, with excellent service.
Fortunately,  I didn't have a hair in my Crevettes Sazerac, which nearly a year later I'm still talking about.I really enjoy this resturaunt.  So much so that, I bought 8 yes 8 Groupons for this resturaunt.  For lunch I like the french onion soup and the Cibata Turkey sandwich and for dinner the mussel frites are excellent with any of the fish.Oh where to begin?  My fiancé and I came here for lunch because we had purchased a Groupon for $30 for two at lunch. The Groupon directions stipulated you must make a reservation, so I went ahead and did that, informing them we were coming in with a Groupon. 
So we arrive at the restaurant, there is one other party seated. We inform them we have a reservation. Just sit wherever you like we are told. Okay, sounds good. 
Red flag number 1: the menu prices are quite a bit more than the ones advertised on their website. For example, the French onion soup online is listed for 8, while on the menu it was 11. $16 for pasta online, guess what? $22.  They also had some brunch specials, and omelette and an eggs Benedict for the low low price of $29 or $28 respectively. 
I settle on a Roquefort salad and the quiche of the day, which was shrimp. The salad was $10 and the quiche $18. Neither item came close to justifying those prices (see pictures). The salad was advertised to come with chunks of Roquefort blue cheese, but I'm pretty sure it was just blue cheese crumbles from the grocery. And it was just lettuce, four little halves of grape tomato, a little bit of crumbled bacon and some bland dressing. Not worth $10. 
The quiche was not good at all. It was a small piece, again, they are charging $18 for it, the crust was completely soggy, the taste was very strongly seafoody in a bad way. They covered the whole thing in melted cheese and served it with four small halves of roasted potatoes. 
My fiancé got the French onion soup ($11), which wasn't any better than La Madeline, and the same salad I got. 
I informed the waitress about our Groupon and show her the voucher. All that she says is pull up the fine print for me.  I'm like okay, I guess they're going to try and screw us. Sure enough, in the fine print, it says must order two entrees, mind you the soup and salad my fiancé ordered combined cost more than the quiche, but they weren't looking to work with us. She said I wish you would've told me you had a Groupon ahead of time. I told her that I had mentioned the groupon when I made the reservation, trying to imply that she should have been informed (she never looked at the computer when we got there remember, just told us to sit wherever). Then she got rude and said, "Oh please, I didn't take your reservation!" Why don't you come back and use it another time she says. You must be out of your mind I'm thinking. In the end, she acts like she's going to do is a favor and just takes off the paid value of the groupon. Gee, thanks lady.  I'm assuming they screw people over on these groupons frequently if her first response was to show her the fine print. My mistake was looking at the Groupon instructions instead of the fine print, but most places don't try and play like this one. Groupons are usually very straightforward. 
I'll never come back.Astonishingly bad. I truly don't know how this restaurant survives. Understaffed so service was very slow although the server was nice. Daughter ordered the daily quiche which we were told was mushroom; got a shrimp quiche; my daughter hates shrimp. It was also $18, tiny slice, and overcooked. The crab Benedict had icy cold crab; the pork belly Benedict was tough & included the spicy compote that we'd asked them to leave off. The salmon Benedict was two tiny pieces. Will never go back.Salmon brunch entree melted in my mouth....literally. The asparagus and roasted potatoes that accompanied the delicious pink flesh were splendiiiiiiiddddd as well.  I also had the opportunity to sample the steak and eggs and I almost had a When Harry Met Sally restaurant moment....it was that good.   It's missing a lone star b/c of decor and atmosphere.  We went in the light of day (brunch) and I thought the decor was in need of a facelift.  The wall color, fake flowers, dirty white kitchen doors were disappointing and the owner who I assume answers the phone and books the reservations is not very friendly.  A standing ovation for the chefs and our waiter though.I was really excited to go to lunch here, as I have passed it a million times while out and about uptown. I was pretty disappointed when I left, and two stars is actually a pretty decent review after pit experience. My fiancé and I bought a groupon and when making a reservation made sure to note that we were using a groupon. We walked in to a near empty dining room- only one table was occupied- and told them we had a reservation. Which we realized at the end of the meal they never looked at in the computer, when they wouldn't let us use the groupon. 
The atmosphere was okay- small dining room, pleasant with a busy and smiley but slightly snippy waitress. We ordered- I got a soup and salad and he got the quiche of the day and a salad. The prices are totally outrageous. $29 for an omelet. $11 for soup. It's crazy! Also- The prices are way higher than on their website menu. So it was more than we had anticipated after looking at their website online. The food itself was just okay. Underseasoned, not quite hot just lukewarm. The salad dressing had no flavor. My fiancé said the quiche was mushy and had a strong and off putting shrimpy taste. Most certainly not worth the prices. 
At the end of the meal, we were told we could not use the grouping bc we did not order 2 entrees as the fine print stated. And that we should have told the waitress we had it so she could tell us how to order. My fiancé tried to explain that we put it in the reservation (we assumed they would look at the reservation in the computer when seating us). The waitress laughed in his face and said "Oh please! I'm not the one who took your reservation!" Wow. That wasn't at all what he was saying, if she had taken a moment to try and listen. We were stunned. In the end, she gave us the value we paid for it off of the meal. 
Bottom line- the food is mediocre, the service isn't great and the customer is most certainly the last priority at this restaurant. I will spend my money elsewhere in the future.This was our second visit to this uptown bistro, and neither time disappointed. The menu has several French classics (Coq au vin, Boulaibaisse, Plat Fromage) along with some contemporary Creole dishes with a twist (Redfish Oscar, BBQ Shrimp). While all the food is well prepared with excellent flavor, I've noticed that some refinement in the dishes has been lacking. For instance, when I had the duck duet (confit leg and breast), the skin was not crispy and the fat had not fully rendered. That said, I also had maybe my favorite non-steakhouse steak here, the Strip au Poivre. The sauces and sides are all spot on, and everything is tastefully presented. Add to this superior bistro-style service and well-priced wine options, and you have yourself a nice French bistro-style dinner.A large group of friends and I decided to eat here last night. We made a reservation for about 16.
The majority of the time we were there, we were the only people there. When we arrived, there were two people at another table. The were gone by the time we were getting our appetizers.
We all ordered drinks and entrees. We enjoyed our food and each other's company. The trouble came when it came time to pay the bill.
First, let me say. We didn't walk in wearing dresses, suits and ties. Most of us were in jeans with blouses or collared shirts. All pinky fingers were essentially in place (meaning, not sticking out). We aren't those type of people. So I would not classify us as "fancy" people. We don't need to put on a show for anyone.
When we asked the waiter to split our bill up for us (since there were 16 of us and not everyone carries cash with them...not to mention that were were the ONLY people in the restaurant at this time) he flatly REFUSED!
We believe his concern was that he would not be able to get the "automatic" gratuity that would be tacked on when you have groups over a certain size.
This negative review is not because you would not split our bill, sir. It is for your judgement of myself and my friends. We did not behave badly or belligerently. And what you may not know is that everyone who was sitting at that table has climbed a ladder to get where they are today. We all work for a living. Everyone at that table makes 100K+\year. And we all are very well aware of the fact that you live off our tips. So you opted to choose the "automatic" gratuity in favor of one that would have likely ranged anywhere from 20-30% of all of our checks for being nice enough to accommodate our request.
So if you decide to eat here, be aware that you are likely being judged. And if you aren't evaluated as being a high enough class for this "fine dining establishment", just feel free to leave them the 10% tip they are already expecting anyway.Picture this: a friend of mine was in from California for the second weekend of Jazz Fest. You know, the one that was rained out. He texts me at the last minute, on a Monday, and asks me if I want to grab dinner. Yes! Okay, where? That's a tough one- restaurants that are open on Mondays in New Orleans are hard to come by. A quick Yelp search told me that The Flaming Torch was open. I had never been, so I crossed my fingers and we headed over.
I made reservations, but they were completely unnecessary because we were the only people here on a Monday. Everything on the menu looked fantastic, but I decided to start simple. The soup of the day was tomato basil. For those of you who don't know, my two favorite soups are tomato basil and French onion and I am very particular about both. The soup came out and it's looked so good. It looked so good I forgot to take a picture! I know- blasphemy! It was nice and thick and really rich. It was almost more like a stew and I ate all of it and almost asked for seconds.
For my entree I got the redfish topped with shrimp. Not only was the fish delicious, but it was topped with an amazing sauce and the shrimp were fat and full of flavor. It also came with a nice side of roasted potatoes and green beans, which complimented the fish nicely. This dish was one of the more expensive on the menu, but it was more than worth it.
I'll be honest, when I saw some of the reviews of this place I almost skipped it, but I decided to give it a shot and I'm glad I did. Our service was excellent and the food was fantastic and my out of town visitor was quite happy with my selection. I would definitely return to The Flaming Torch, especially on a Monday.My boyfriend and I have been here twice and both times have had an incredible experience! The French onion soup is the best I have ever had and the mussels are also delicious. The service was fantastic as well--friendly, professional, and very knowledgable. This will definitely be a regular date night spot!!Yikes!!! I had no idea that this little neighborhood restaurant would be the most expensive entree I have ever had!!! I have eaten at some of the best places in New Orleans and this place definitely does not measure up in food, service, or atmosphere so shouldn't cost more!!!!
We were seated in a tiny table in the corner even though we were one of three tables dining in the whole place on a Friday night! This is one of my pet peeves... Why stick us at a baby table in a corner and leave the better tables open and empty???
We were given menus... There were a limited number of items and we were informed that they were out of nearly half of them.  Seriously, all entrees are between 30-45.00... This is insane when you consider that it is more expensive than Commander's Palace where food and service are second to none. 
Our cocktails were brought to us- one was spilled on the floor, almost on my lap, and it stayed there all night, inching ever so closely to my foot... No one ever came to clean it and I was distracted all night watching it and trying to avoid contact with it.
Food was ok... My fish was dry and the hollandaise sauce had broken but was still served. The salsa was missing from my dish because they ran out, but the price charged was still 42.00. I left very disappointed and angry with myself for going there. If I had known it would cost 150.00 for 2 to dine with the food quality and the service provided, I would have easily gone to Ruth's Chris or some other establishment worth that price!!!!!My Husband and I are always pleasantly surprised with the great service, and outstanding food. Robert was our server tonight, and he was professional and attentive. The restaurant is always clean. It is a little pricey, but the food speaks for itself. It is so nice to have a Zagat rated restaurant in our neighborhood.Service was good. I felt sorry for the waiter we were his only table tonight. I fact we were the only table in restaurant. Last time I went there was just one other table. The last time ever I went my friend got the new York. I tasted the sauce. It was so good I went back this time to get it. The sauce was not the same. Also I could not even cut through steak it was so fatty and like rubber. Just not what I would expect to from a $40 dollar steak. My daughter got the escargot and found them very rubbery as well.Wife picked cuz they were offering a groupon. So using the groupon limited you to one menu, while apparently they are also trying a new Persian menu, would have been nice to see. Showed up early for reservation, and they sat us anyway, and no issues with service. The food was ok, got BBQ shrimp and NY strip, both were alright, but not worry if the price tag. The portions were atleast in line with the priceWe went to celebrate a BDay, they gave us the entire second floor the room was very spacious and quiet perfect for big party events . the waiter was great . The menu was pretty good on Paper. The escargot Was decentlike eating oysters in butter and lemon sauce . The BBQ shrimp was really good and sharable. The Soft shell crab was good , the mango Salsa Swordfish was lacking flavor, tasted like overpriced canned Tuna fish . For desert we ordered the creme brulee , it was good, would be better if it came with a small scoop of ice cream. Overall the place is great of large parties. The Rum bread pudding was decent, the rum sauce is what only made it good, not the actual bread pudding itself. All the dinner portions were small to medium, nothing was really sharable except the appetizers.  Definetly not a place we will return to, there are much better places around the city.Sadly I can't give this spot more than one star. So mediocre. The signature French Onion Soup was barely warm. The crab cake special was not only bland but the worst stringy, mushy consistency on a bed of wilted lettuce. The Roquefort Salad had no Roquefort because they had run out so they slathered it in too much blue cheese dressing to make up for it. The bread on the table was basically a large hot dog bun sliced up but had been in the warmer too long. Totally flavorless. 
Service was pleasant enough but slow considering we were only one of three tables. The glass of wine was however perfectly chilled and tasty. Thank goodness for something. 
We live in the neighborhood and there is a reason nobody goes there.So I came here cuz I purchased a Groupon from them. When we were seated, the waiter said, we had to order two entrees to use the Groupon like ok.... it didn't say so on the Groupon. Secondly, he charged a 20% gratuity when it was a table for only two people!  This isn't right when it didn't say so on the Groupon.  This was my fourth time using Groupon and I had never been charged gratuity! I would not come back and recommend this place. Food was alright but not worth it for the price. Food was actually bland.The food is 4 or 5-star, no question.  Great Shrimp Crevettes and Watermelon Salad appetizers along with a very good duck entree (the confit leg was fantastic, the breast was tough and just okay) and a great puppy drum entree with asparagus and crab risotto that was cooked perfectly and all went together amazingly well.  Clearly whoever is in the kitchen knows what they're doing and thankfully haven't let the quality slip despite this restaurant's obvious difficulties.
As for the pricing it was very high - which frankly is why we took 5 months to visit The Flaming Torch despite my fiancee living within walking distance.  Even purchasing a $50 Groupon for $25 I still believe there are much better restaurant values in NOLA, after visiting I am confident that The Flaming Torch has an average food cost around 15-20% which is well below industry standards and even though the chef does a great job it still shows.  Plus let's be honest, offering deals through *both* Groupon and Living Social is not usually a positive sign for a high end restaurant.  Neither is the fact that they have to import help for Saturday night to apparently increase their wait staff from 1 person to 2 - which confirms for me that they are even less busy during the week.  Overall, the service just wasn't up to par, the ambience was nothing spectacular (especially when they had a half full restaurant but for some reason decided to sit everybody next to other full tables in just half the restaurant), and the overall experience just didn't match the level of the food and certainly not the prices.
For those who are wine fans, the wine list is decent and consisted of fairly well chosen large-production wines but why in the world would you offer 45 glass pours at a restaurant that did around 30 total covers on a Saturday night?  I certainly didn't see any massive wine preservation system behind the bar so as a wine connoisseur that tells me they are either losing money when people order a glass or they are likely serving old, oxidized wine that won't taste good.  In my recent visit, the wine actually tasted fine but if I were running this place I would immediately cut the wine list is half (which would also generate nice cash flow) while adding some boutique and higher end options (especially in the Pinot Noir and Rhone sections) for those who want great wine to go with great food.  I would also offer no more than 10-15 wines by the glass and cut appetizer and entree prices by 15-20%.  With lower prices for the same great food I have to think this place could double their covers, still make a very nice margin, and actually get people from the neighborhood rather than immediately turning most people away with high prices.
The food at The Flaming Torch measures up against most anything in town but without the reputation or location of many it seems very aggressive to try and charge the same high prices.  Somehow Upperline has been able to do it successfully (even though I also find it to be very overpriced and stuffy) and this place seems to have similar ambitions but much less success.  I hope Flaming Torch stays in business but there's plenty of good food in this town at much lower prices so without big changes I'd be very surprised to see this place around by end of year.Did not have a good experience here. The bread came and was old and low in quality, there was also Not much to the menu. I had the cheese board and did not enjoy it, the bread that came with that was coated in butter and was as hard as a rock. Service is very slow as well. My friends said the duck was very good as well as the lamb so if you're going I would recommend that.Boy oh Boy!!!  You will be in a treat when you fine out that the price on there menu online is Not the same in the restaurant.The food wise is good but don't expect to get full on 3 scallop for $40.My husband and I eat here often. We love this place. Over the last several months their food has gotten better and better. They are tucked away on a corner off Magazine street and the restaurant is often quiet. It is definitely not a "scene" but a neighborhood bistro with very good food. We recently had shrimp in an ale sauce that was wonderful, crabmeat risotto with large fresh lumps of crabmeat and a wonderful brunch. The staff is warm and friendly and they care about this place. It is a little gem.Stopping in on vacation with my gf, Food was pretty good, dinner going well until the server asked us how our day was and we mentioned visiting the WWII museum and the waiter made a comment about "well yeah if you want to honor some war" in a massively condescending tone. As someone that has worn the uniform and took the oath and had family spend nearly 2 years in a German pow camp during the war being a bit angry does not come close to covering how I felt about that remark. 
Food good. Service seemed to be the kind of person that we went to war to help. 
This we'll defend 
MericaNever again over priced bland food, The menu on the website is not what you receive when you are seated.Came here once for lunch. Our server was very nice and apparently she and the chef were very excited I ordered the sauteed veal liver dish. She told me the chef told me I look more like a brie and apple girl !?!? Not so sure what that means, but I do love my organ meats. There's always such a great texture -- tender and has that distinctive taste I can only refer to as umami.  Anyhow, this particular veal liver dish was good, but there were parts that were a little chewy. Not sure why. Anyway, would be open to coming back again but it's not a must for me.Yay! Definitely Nola's best French onion soup for sure - but it's smothered with cheese. Think of it as a fat man made of Mozzarela sitting on a puddle of deliciousness to really get my drift. loved the red fish and my lady friend tore her chicken plate up - bravo! Service was good - what I expect from a fine dining event but nothing more. Got complimentary shots for our celebration and that was truly classy! I'll b back!In a city like New Orleans, no reason to settle for a mediocre brunch with outrageous prices. Service was meh. Server really didn't want to split up the check and took a long time even though we were the only people there.We had Easter Brunch here this year, and I can guarantee that we will not only never go back to The Flaming Torch, but we will also not be recommending this to anyone we know. The service was so slow even though there were not that many people in the restaurant. The coffee was bad. The shrimp bisque had curdled milk, and the food was less than par.The food was wonderful as expected, the service less so. While I appreciate the inital greeting, the quality of service went downhill after I mentioned the slight grit in my sea scallops. There was little in the way of attention after this slight mention and the attitude from our server was quite caustic afterwards. Part of the dining experience is the actual experience and poor customer service detracted from the overall quality.Purchased a groupon and had a good experience. Kind of pricey for what you get. The French onion soup was flawless.I rarely take the time to post negative reviews but my experience was so bad I had to share.  This was hands down the worst service I have ever had.  The waitress made me so uncomfortable I couldn't wait to leave.  My party of 11 was the only party in the restaurant.  They could have easily pushed two tables together but instead the waitress sat us at different tables. We were treated as if we were inconveniencing the establishment from the moment we walked in.  I can't even put into words the level of rude this woman was.  She obviously didn't care because she was adding 20% gratuity to our $500 brunch bill regardless, so it didn't matter how she treated us. She even began to become aggressive with one of the women I was with.  The food was good, however the service took away from anything positive.We were anxious to try The Flaming Torch since it is on many people's most romantic in New Orleans list.  Although it did satisfy several of the "romantic requirements" by being dimly lit, quaint, and quiet the experience was overall underwhelming.  We were saddened to learn we would be unable to dine outdoors due to the fact their outdoor furnishings were in disrepair.  Not a huge issue, but disappointing none the less.  
Now the saddest part, the quantity and quality of the meal.  We were aware this was a French restaurant so expected smaller portions.  I did however, expect more than 5 green beans (or as the waiter corrected us on multiple occasions Haricot Vert) and 2 fingerling potatoes.  Maybe it's just me, but if I drop 38 bucks on an entree I expect a fair amount of groceries (now I sound like a hillbilly but you get the point.)  Sadly, even the morsels of food provided were inedible.  There was large chunks of sea salt covering EVERYTHING!  So much so, that the waiter was able to spot the salt from his standing position and agreed to take it back to the kitchen.  
The reason that they did get the 2 stars I awarded was the fact they did attempt to satisfy us by making new entrees and preparing a to-go bag for us as we had after dinner plans.  However there were no special accommodations made on the final bill, but to be fair, I didn't press the issue.  I simply wanted to pay the over 100 dollar dinner-for-two tab and quickly forget our evening at The Flaming Torch.Excellent cuisine in a lovely atmosphere surrounded by beautiful artwork, which is apparently by the owner (our server told us this).
Because it was early my friend and I had the dining area to ourselves, which made for nice convo. We appreciated the big band music playing in the background.
Appetizer of scallops and mushrooms was exquisite. Entree of grilled salmon with a mango sauce was perfectly done, with accompanying vegetables at the perfect al dente stage. No room for the creme brulee or white chocolate bread pudding.
As an aside, I was wearing jeans and tennis shoes and my server did not judge me. But then, I'm not ignorant enough to demand that a bill be split sixteen ways :)The food was scrumptious!  My BFF ordered sweet breads for an appetizer, fish on a bed of spinach topped with large lumps of crabmeat, I think the name was Redfish Oscar, for the entree.  Both were very delicious!  I ordered the salade du jour and lamb.  I enjoyed my salad, crisp colorful lettuce, large chunks of flavorful roquerfort cheese, and a light dressing but I expected more for the lamb, especially when the price was $30+ for a small portion.  We shared a pumpkin creme brulee for dessert, an excellent ending.                  
The prices were high!  Although I used a Groupon for this upscale French restaurant, it put only a small dent in the bill.  
We dined there on a Sunday evening, 6 PM, and were the only patrons for awhile.  We had full attention of the server, but as time went on, more diners arrived and the server was busier; he was still very polite and attentive.     
I liked this small upscale restaurant, and recommend it to diners who are willing to spend more than a few $$$ for good food.  Geaux for a treat.  : )Oh my gosh, dined here with my mother the service and food were fantastic! We had escargot, mussels, and liver.
Escargot: Served in butter and garlic sauce. Didn't know escargot tasted this good, it was plump and juicy.
Mussels: Served in some sort of creme base and french onion topping. If I knew it was going to be amazing I would have made this my entree! 
Liver: Now you know my mother can be overly critical of food that isn't served buffet style (lol #PandaKing) but she literally said that this was the best liver she's ever had in her life! All 3000 years of it! HUZZAH! I didn't try it since I don't like liver but I'll totally take her word for it.
The saddest thing about this evening besides the fact that we had no more delicious food left, was that we had no room for dessert! NOOOOOOOOOO! S/O to our waitress: YOU DA BEST! She wrote down the dessert menu since they had nothing in writing. I swear she's  the sweetest lady ever! I will be back!Saw Flaming Torch on Groupon. Bought three. Returned two.
It took 45 minutes to get apps, and our server, though polite, was spread way too thin and proceeded to avoid eye contact with our table until right before our food came out.  You're weeded, I get it, but can we at least have an ETA on our dishes, and maybe some bread or something?
Pate was marginal - too distracting a setup if you ask me (stone-ground and dijon mustards, spicy apple butter, and pickle relish were WAY too overwhelming for the bland pate?) - but the mussels were decent and the portion surprisingly ample.  Being an appetizer fiend, I opted for the rabbit risotto and escargot as my entree... wom-wom.  Risotto was glutinous and porridge-y, the escargot, metallic-tasting, bitter, and swimming in a too-strong basil sauce.  My fiance liked his ribeye, though, so there's that.Stopped in on Sunday to get drinks while the parades were rolling. They even had a sign that said "Come on in and have some drinks during the parade".  The bartender was absolutely the rudest person. Was even rude in front of the owner. I have never eaten here and now I will never eat here because of that one bad experience with the bartender. She has no concept of customer service and apparently thinks her smart ass comments are funny. RUDE RUDE RUDE!!! I would give no stars but it makes you pick at least one.I've only eaten here once, but I thought it was pretty good. The French onion soup was delicious, as were the mussels-frites and the apple-walnut salad. Not a very intimate restaurant, but a nice atmosphere all the same.Go.
The wine list is fantastic and the food is even better.  You will leave full and happy.  Promise.  I did.
Go.  See for yourself.Went here for dinner the other night. Got the redfish with shrimp etouffee. I was blown away. I wanted desert was was too stuffed. Good wine pairings as well.My wife and I have gone here a few times in the past and the service and the food has been great. However,  today was a little different experience.  First of all,  the manager went by every table in the restaurant to greet each patron but did not even acknowledge our presence. Secondly,  we used a Groupon for our meal and the waiter said that since we used a Groupon that gratuity would be added to our check, which was not identified in the fine print of the Groupon. I do understand  the reasoning for doing, but we tip pretty damn good. It was just different......This place was less than spectacular. The menus we received did not match, and the knives we received to cut our food were dull and difficult to use. The single server was friendly, but the service did not make up for the disappointing experience. Save yourself a lot of money and avoid this place. There are literally hundreds of other restaurants in New Orleans that I would rather eat at than eat here again.Let me first begin by stating that the food & service were incredible. So much so, that I didn't mind at all being automatically charged a 20% gratuity [simply because I used a Groupon] because I would've included 20%+ as gratuity anyway, due to aforementioned service. The restaurant has a really nice wine selection. My husband & I both sipped red wine throughout the evening & began our meal with escargot and a cheese plate, which the waiter had forgotten to bring to us...this was fine though, because it allowed room in our tummies for dessert. Sadly, the bread pudding was a bit forgettable & we didn't finish it. I regret not ordering the crime brûlée-perhaps it would've been more memorable. My husband started off with the French onion soup & I had the Caesar salad-both were phenomenal! For entrees, he had the BBQ shrimp & I dined on the filet. The BBQ shrimp was a bit challenging to eat, but it had a pretty decent flavor.  My filet, however, was cooked to perfection. I ordered it with a Roquefort topping & it was absolutely delicious. 
Overall, I really enjoyed our food selections. Here's the part of the evening that bummed me out. I booked this reservation on OpenTable. I originally was going to request a 7pm dining time, but since OpenTable offered 1,000 points if I chose a 6:30 pm reservation, I decided on that time instead so I could rack up more points on my OpenTable account. Immediately after leaving the restaurant (with a happy yummy, I might add), I received an email from OpenTable stating that the "Flaming Torch" canceled my reservation. (If the reservation is canceled, then the points will not accumulate in my OpenTable account.) Naturally, I called the restaurant to inquire about why they canceled it & the hostess immediately stated that it was because I used a Groupon. I'm appalled by this. Why would an establishment "cancel" a reservation to avoid its users from accumulating OpenTable points?? This is so absurd to me, especially after spending $200 on a meal (& this is AFTER applying the $50 Groupon discount). Every single time I use a Groupon (or any other kind of dining discount) & book via OpenTable, I always mention it in the "Special Requests" section of the reservation request. Never had I have a restaurant cancel my reservation afterward. I find this customer service to be inexcusable and for this reason, I will not be dining here again in the future...regardless of how delicious the food is. The sad part is that my Mom & I have dined here several times for brunch in the past few years & this is one of our faves. I suppose we'll have to do brunch mainly at Martinique (another nearby brunch fave) from now on.Decent neighborhood French restaurant.  Good cocktails and solid food. I found the service to be very professional even though the place had several other large parties.
Prices were typical of New Orleans and the portions were largeAmazing!!! The food was wonderful, but I am someone who is really picky about the total ambiance.  Let me tell you that the service here may top the food!! Our waitress Amy was so friendly and attentive.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone!Flaming rip-off. It's below average in all departments and the overpriced menu only heightened my feelings of disenchantment. Oh, and the bathroom was filthy too.SLOW service.. We were there for brunch and it took forever.  Food was ok.. Wouldn't go back.We came to New Orleans for the Saint vs Cowboys game as my birthday present/anniversary. I always like to have everything planned so I got a Groupon to here so I knew where we would eat dinner. AMAZING!! The appetizer we had was 2 diver scallops and this sauce that was to DIE FOR!! My husband got the New York strip and it melted in your mouth!! He is VERY snobby about his stems too lol. I had the red fish with mango salsa special. SOO GOOD!! Although I would have preferred the salsa to be warm with the hot dinner..but no biggie...was still very good. The asparagus was PHENOMENAL!! We got the white chocolate bread pudding for desert and even my husband likes it! We were SOOO glad I didn't listen to the bad reviews! This truly was a gem to find. The waiter and staff were very attentive and pleasant to talk with. Would HIGHLY recommend this place!!My food was completely uninspired, overpriced, and downright disgusting. My friends seemed to enjoy their dishes, so perhaps I chose the wrong thing. I found the place to be very frumpy and overly fancy, to the point where it felt like the restaurant figuratively had its head so far up its own a** that I couldn't enjoy my meal. Our waiter was kind, though they seemed short staffed, but he did a great job under the circumstances. I wouldn't rush to go back, since there are so many restaurants with great personality AND great food in this town.Great food. Good Service. Nice quiet small dining room. I would definitely recommend it and I plan to go back.The Tomato Basil Soup full of fresh herbs and spices.  Sweet simple but awesome when done right!Very yummi!! We've had some bad experiences once we moved to NOLA, so when our waiter appologized for being the only one at lunch we didn't worry. He was faster than any other server we had at other resturants we visited. The french onion soup was the best i'd ever had and my salad was delicious for a hot day. Love it and can't wait to go again!Food was OK but not good for the price. Service was terrible. I wouldn't come back unless someone else was buying and I had 3 or 4 hours to kill because you'll be there at least that long.First time I went for lunch the mussels and the crepe I had were both covered in so much garlic I thought somebody was playing a practical joke on me. No real garlic quantity problems this go round for dinner, but some others .. review below.
ATMOSPHERE: It's tucked into a little nook just off of Magazine. The dining room is rather small. The bar is little more than just a service bar. There's a TV but you would have to turn around in your seat to watch it .. as if it's for the bartender to watch instead of the customer. Decorations look like they're from Pier One, nothing really all that eye-catching. Lazy jazz music and low lighting makes for a subdued feel.
FOOD: 
VEAL SWEETBREAD WITH SAUCE VERONIQUE
Sautéed sweetbreads with lemon, wine, butter and peeled white grapes $12
- This was by far the highlight of the meal. Not the best sweetbread dish I've had, but it was pretty tasty. Sweetbread had a great flavor and texture themselves, and they went well with the nicely balanced sauce. Peeled white grapes were a nice touch. 
DUET OF DUCK WITH LYONNAISE POTATO
Confit style leg, pan seared duck breast with calvados and demi reduction $27
- A lot of mistakes on this dish, starting with what they offer. You get two styles of duck and some potatoes with a cherry-type sauce. Nothing on the plate to speak of that lightens up the dish .. which it severely needed. Just far too heavy and one-noted for me. The pan seared breast was cooked unevenly and only offered a few bites that were really tasty - wasn't seasoned all that great either. The confit leg was nice .. a little bigger than what I'm used to which makes me question where they get their duck from or what type they use. The potatoes and demi reduction I could live without. Just missed on pretty much every level.
REDFISH OSCAR 
Pan seared redfish with jumbo lump crabmeat, grilled asparagus and Creole lemon beurre blanc. $30
- Ha. What a joke this dish was. Fish was overcooked. Crabmeat was dried out. Lemon beurre blanc lacked any punch. The plate had an ubiquitous bitter flavor for some reason. Not sure the herbs they used to season the fish but the combination just did not work.
DRINKS:
- Old Fashioned: Decent effort on their part. A little too much cherry liqueur for me. 
- Sugar Plum Cabernet: This was recommended by our waiter (James .. nice fellow .. good waiter). It was quite enjoyable at $10/glass. Nice plum right in your face at first then finishes out with some good spice notes.
OVERALL:
I wouldn't go back here. They failed at too many things .. several of them pretty basic.The Flaming Torch is a casually elegant restaurant located just steps from historic Magazine Street that serves a nice selection of French inspired dishes.
My boyfriend and I made reservations at the restaurant for a early date night dinner. When we arrived at the restaurant, we were greeted by a nice gentleman who was also our server. Upon seating us, we were presented with the drink menu. While looking over the wine list, I noted that there were a few bottles that were reasonably priced. I will admit I have drank an entire bottle of wine by myself but since my boyfriend isn't one for wine (and I didn't want to get drunk at a restaurant), I opted with just a glass of Merlot. With French cuisine, you may not be looking to pair with beer, but that is an option.
Our very attentive server went over all the specials with us and hyped the French Onion Soup they are famous for so I decided to give it a try. It was divine but way too cheesy. The cheese was clumping and could have become a choking hazard if I was not careful but by eating around some of the cheese, I was able to enjoy it.
For my main course, I had the Scallops with Chimichurri Sauce and Corn Hash. The scallops were perfectly pan seared and when paired with the sauce and hash it was a heavenly dish I could eat over and over again.
My boyfriend had Filet Mignon with Mashed Potatoes and Asparagus. He ordered it medium but it was actually cooked medium well. Despite that the meat was still tender and juicy. He loved it and talked about wanting to come back.
Although not on the menu, they have dessert options. My boyfriend is obsessed with Bread Pudding so we shared one. He thoroughly enjoyed it but since it is not a dessert I love I found the sauce to be the main draw of the dessert. It was a decent bread pudding.
I may have gone at a great or bad time (depending on how you see it), because the place was empty but as a result the I found the service and atmosphere were excellent. It was a bit pricey but the food was fantastic so money ain't a thang.Wife picked cuz they were offering a groupon. So using the groupon limited you to one menu, while apparently they are also trying a new Persian menu, would have been nice to see. Showed up early for reservation, and they sat us anyway, and no issues with service. The food was ok, got BBQ shrimp and NY strip, both were alright, but not worry if the price tag. The portions were atleast in line with the priceHey y'all
We went to this place to have a persian cusine and we were so happy to order Beef koobideh. When we saw the menu, prices we incredibly high. Anyway, we just went for it. After about 20 min, the servent brought us a Koobideh plate which was so little. I expected to have a really soft, whole ground meat along with a side like salad, so forth, whereas we got just one stick of Koobideh with a little bit of rice. I did not see any meat in Koobideh just the pure fat and onion. Just wanted to let you know, flaming torch Koobideh was so aweful, actually it was the worse koobideh I have ever ate in my life. Guys, trust me, do not waste your time and money for this place. There are lots of other places in New Orleans where you can have a realllllllyyy nice and tasty dishes for so much cheaper price. Pleaseeeee doooo nottt gooooo to this place otherwsie you will regret for the rest of your life.
God, still so mad why I paid that much money for this aweful food :( Soooooooo Mmmaaaaaddddd .... Worse Food Ever In Whole of My Life ... Just wanna cry out and let it out .....
P.S.: This is actually is not an actual persian food or placeMy girlfriend and I ate dinner here on the weekend of New Years. I had the duck, medium, and it was delicious! It came with greens and potatoes. She had the BBQ shrimp. It was a little spicy, which is a lot for me, but nonetheless is was also very good. 
The ambiance was a bit lacking. I'm not sure if it was the decor or the lack of R. Kelly elevator music, but I felt like something was missing. The prices were a bit high for the area. If it was near Coquette's then I'd expect $40 entrees, but it isn't so I wasn't. It was shocking, but the food was honestly delicious. 
I had a dinner for two groupon that was worth $40. The groupon required an order of two entrees. I immediately realized that the groupon basically covered the price of one entree. It was basically twenty dollars off the meal, which was fine. 
We went on a Sunday. They have odd working hours. We called to reserve a spot for 7pm and I was sent to voicemail. The machine then told me that the voicemail was full and it hang up. About thirty minutes later, a woman called and apologized; she took my reservation. I believe the restaurant was closed when I called them. 
I'd honestly go there again. This time if be mentally prepared for the price, and ambiance.Yuck - maximum gross factor!
My hubs and I tried this place out for weekend brunch and it was a big disappointment. My omelet was runny and undercooked. Hubs' was burned.  Unfortunate, but not devastating. The devastating? There was a hair in my Crevettes Sazerac (BBQ shrimp) - a short, wiry, curly black hair.  
Needless to say I don't think I will be brave enough to give them a second chance, which is a shame, as I've heard good things about their dinner.
Also, the service was terrible. Our waiter was totally apathetic and smarmy.Had dinner with family last night (10/21/11).  Overall very good experience.  Had the boiulliabaise (sp?), wife had strip steak, and daughter had coq au vin.  Mine was excellent - lobster claw, drum, mussels, really good. Also recommend the spinach and quail egg salad - awesome.  Good service, nice setting.  Not cheap, but a all in all a good experience.We were the first people seated in the restaurant. No one else was seated for at least 5 minutes, yet our entrees arrived 30-40 minutes after 2 other tables had been served. Further, our waiter suggested we NOT order the duck because it was not yet cooked; duck was what my companion said she wanted, but took his advice. The first table served - DUCK! Later, after numerous tables had been served, our waiter told us that the server had delivered our entrees to another table; he was sorry. I could tell you about the absurdly overpriced baked Alaska my companion ordered, but I won't bother!
The food was good, not great. It was Christmas Eve, and the tables were close together and full - very noisy.
There was no deduction from the bill for any of the above.SLOW SERVICE.. Food was ok.. Just not worth the wait or the price.. Skip it..Not worth it!
They must buy the cheapest food they can get their hands on. I got the New York strip for $40, every single bite was full of fat. My girlfriend got the BBQ shrimp for $30, only 7 shrimp and they were far from jumbo. 
And then, the bill. There was only 2 of us, and they added a 20% gratuity. 
So bottom line. Very overpriced, very poor quality food, no customer service at all.I was staying on Magazine Street in New Orleans, a great area. I chose  this place because it was nearby. By appearences the place seemed upscale and unique. I had dinner in the upstairs section which had some charm, but nothing else was remarkable. I had the ceasar salad which was bland and the rack of lamb that was marginally interesting to the eye and tongue. The service was poor, granted I was upstairs, but  when you spend over 100 dollars on dinner the service should be nearly amazing. Normally, I am willing to give a place a second chance, but I cannot find the inspiration to do it for this place.Nice food from an Iranian family. We look forward to the restaurant being reopened soon.EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!! My daughter and her friend (two college girls) got food poisoning and ended up in the ER after eating bad fish from this restaurant.  We called the restaurant to let them know what had happened.  They hostess was rude and claimed that it couldn't have been from their restaurant. There was no concern for the girls welfare at all, no sympathy whatsoever.  We left several messages for the manager to call us back but it wasn't important enough for them to call us back.  Also, DO NOT USE GROUPON AT THIS RESTAURANT!!!Flaming torch has the best French onion soup in Nola. Service is always a little slow. The mussels are delicious. It's a cozy little spot..this is an uptown New Orleans  gem.  A French style bistro.  Modern price.  Excellent service.  The French onion soup is classic.  The coq au vin is a must.  Daily specials are from the market.  Service is attentive.  It is outside seating in good weather.Apart from the waiter forgetting the onion soup (which we weren't charged for), the service was good. I had the chicory crusted rack of lamb. If you don't like chicory, do NOT get this dish. It took me a few bites to adjust to the bitter taste. Lemon helps. After a few bites, I REALLY enjoyed it. It was even good leftover. The lamb was cooked perfectly and the beans and potatoes were outstanding!I planned a weekend getaway to New Orleans for my book club and was looking for a quiet place to have a book discussion over Sunday brunch. It was Easter Sunday, so I had reasonable expectations. After doing an extensive search online, I found The Flaming Torch. When I spoke to the manager, I specifically asked if there would be a special Easter menu and she said "yes, but we will also have our regular menu". So, we arrived at 11 am, which was our reservation time. We were seated upstairs in a secluded area, as promised and the atmosphere was lovely...so far, so good. The waitress then proceeded to tell us that they had a fixed menu for Easter and that they were printing them. In the meantime she took our drink orders and said she would bring bread. She brought bread, but no butter and coffee in paper cups. We asked for coffee mugs and butter. She said that she'd have to get the mugs from downstairs and that they were "piping" the butter. She eventually brought the mugs, butter that had been sliced from a stick and the menus. So...the fixed menu had two "brunch" items, both of which included eggs benedict. The rest of the menu was very pricey, like a $43 steak...for brunch...ummm...NO THANKS! I asked for the manager and reminded her of the discussion we had on the phone and she told me that she never would have told me that they would have regular menu items available and that the only thing she promised me is that they would have eggs. Anyway...I ended up with a salad. Everyone, including me, enjoyed their food, but...Two people in our party left early. When the rest of us were paying our tabs, they took the cash and credit cards. The waitress then came back and told us that they had made a mistake with one of the ladies that had left early. She gave them a $100 dollar bill and they had to to go next door to make change. When When they came back, they gave her the whole $100 back instead of deducting what she owed. The waitress said she couldn't let us leave until the $55 was paid. They were holding the credit cards of the people in our party that had paid that way. We got all of that worked out, but overall, it was not a good experience. The ONLY reason they got two stars was because of the food, but the management was terrible!Very disappointed in the service.  If we were at Applebee's, I would expect this service and would not be writing a review.  There were 5 of us and the bill was over $300.  I am not complaining about the price just pointing out when you spend that much, you should expect great service.  
We brought 3 people from out of town to the Flaming Torch.  I was embarrassed.  One of the ladies asked for Onion Soup (4 of the 5 of us had it - delicious).  The waiter brought 3 out.  I asked about the 4th and he replied "oh, she must not have asked loud enough".  I had the scallops, which were great but I asked to have the sauce on the side and also to get melted butter in case I didn't like the sauce.  They came out regular and no butter sauce.  He did get the butter but I had to scrape the sauce off of the scallops.  No apology, nothing.  
The food is very good but when you are spending $60+ per person, you should expect great service or at least an apology when they get something wrong.  
I would be happy to discuss, in more detail,  with the manager/owner if they would like to call.
Richard
504-258-4335As the saying goes, you never get a second chance to make a positive first impression. This was my first time to dine here, and it was lackluster and disappointing. There were so many things that went wrong, it would take too long to list them all.
The most egregious issue was serving our food on chipped plates; not small chips...but large chucks were missing. It would be impossible to miss seeing this type of damage before plating and serving. Chipped or cracked plates are an open invitation to bacterial infections. First, it was my slade plate, and then my wife's entree plate. I pointed the issue out to the owner and our server. The owner apologized and said the kitchen was really busy. Then they served the next course on a similarly chipped plate. Hard to believe; thus, a terrible first impression.
The other shocker was the "surprise" menu. We chose this restaurant after checking it out online, including the menu, which was impressive and seemed reasonable for a good French restaurant. Because today was "Mother's Day" ... they only offered a special menu, which basically was half the size of their regular menu with entrees prices increased significantly ($7-$10 higher for the exact same items). Most entrees today were ~$40 and up. I asked if my wife and I could split an entrée and was told sure, for a $20 additional charge. Unbelievable! We split entrees often and have never been charged a fee for splitting.
First impression...this restaurant is only concerned about their bottom line. They appear to charge the customer as much as possible, and they don't replace broken plates...that would cost them money.
The food today was good, not great.
The service today was extremely slow.
Bottom line, if you go here on a special occasion day, there probably will be a special higher-priced menu with fewer options. Also, watch out for the dangerous chipped plates.I went here for the first time last Saturday with my husband. The location is wonderful, right off Magazine on Octavia. I do not want to bash this restaurant because I want to like it very much, so i will just get right to the point. The food was soooo delicious, but the portions are some of the smallest I've ever seen and they come with huge price tags. I paid almost $40 for my scallop entree and it came with 3 small scallops and about 1/2 cup of potato and corn hash. Super overpriced dishes. I will more than likely not go back because of the sky high prices.
 I had a hard time rating this place because I enjoyed the food so much, but I almost had a heart attack when I got the bill. To be honest, had the prices been more affordable ($20-$30 entree) I would've rated it a 4 or 5.I made reservation expecting this place to be busy on a Saturday night, but there was only a couple of tables besides ourselves. The menu was definitely pricey, but we expected that. We started off with the Escargot, which wasn't bad. I'd never had it before and wasn't completely sold on the idea but it was good. Then I got the Duck while my boyfriend got the Pork Tenderloin. My duck had a lot of fat on it, which made it hard to eat and took away from the tenderness of the meat. The sauce was divine. Potatoes and green beans were our sides and they were perfect. The Pork Tenderloin was dry, and the apricot sauce didn't add anything to the flavor palate. Our desserts were delicious. The waiter seemed bored and unmotivated. Dirty dishes sat at our table for a while, even as he came back to refill our waters. The atmosphere was fancy and classy but it didn't match with the experience we had. Unfortunately we spent a pretty penny on a night we didn't enjoy to the fullest.So, I see all the great reviews, and I just had to chime in.
We have our favorites, My wife has the French Onion Soup, which is AWESOME,
and I have the MOULES FRITES, which are heaven..
For a main course, I have had the Duet of Duck, which I have never had any better.
Perfect Temperature, exquisite, divine..
The Diver Scallops with Chimichurri, there are not words enough to describe how beautiful in flavor they are.
But be prepared, if you go, you will go again, and again, and again..
The Service is as attentive as possible.
There are no bad points to this establishment, and that is the final word..