Having dined here before for dinner, we recommended to our guests that we have lunch together here. What a mistake!
Placing our order at the bar, we were notified we had the wrong menu, and were given the lunch menu. We made our choices from the menu and chalk board specials. Placing our order we were told one of the specials was unavailable. Changed our choices. Soon we were told one of the lunch menu items was unavailable. Changed again.
Later, the chef brought out one of our orders. 10 minutes later, another order, then another 10 minutes and the final two orders. Said something about one of the ovens in use for something else.
In the daylight, the interior and restrooms need a serious cleaning. Also, if you are open for lunch, I suggest being prepared to serve. Only three other people were there as customers. The staff was apologetic, and comped an order of French fries.Super cute place! There was a nice special the night I was there - $5 glass of wine. We also got the chefs choice cheese board. Very yummy for the price though the service is a little confusing. You have to order everything at the bar which got super backed up.Going to Delachaise is an assured lovely time. The atmosphere is miles above the norm in New Orleans, where bar owners seem to think dark, smokey and littered with plastic cups is acceptable. The food is great (maybe a tad pricey, but I'll pay). I'm not a wine snob, but I've enjoyed the wine they recommend/carry. 
One complaint: The last time I ate there, I ordered my entree and then asked the bartender what wine he would recommend. Besides being put-off that I asked him (um, isn't that your job?), he didn't know of anything at first and finally poured me some white wine that I never got the name of.Their pommes frites are basically all that a french fry can aspire to be. Fried in goose fat, served with dill aioli, it's basically a little piece of fried heaven. Add to that an extensive wine selection, great cheese boards, and regular awesome specials (like their flavored creme brulee of the day) and it's pretty much all you can ask for in a wine bar.This is the wine bar which you wish was just around the corner from where you lived. The Delachaise was packed on a Friday night as you might expect but the service and food was swiftly served and worth talking about. The special of the night was the duck plate....yum yum yum. And the goose fat fries are worth contracting your arteries for. The wine and beer list is impressive and reasonable. I will be returning.Having moved back to the NOLA area a few months ago following a seven year hiatus, I found that several new bars spontaneously generated in the meantime.  Delachaise is one of the first ones I happily happened upon.  The bourbon selection (if that's your thing) is quite impressive as is the decent array of wine.  There is Chimay on tap - you don't see that too often down here.  There is a Manhattan bar feel to the place without the Manhattan prices.  The ambiance, well, let's just say it's a great place to bring a new friend or a first date.  It's dark (but not too dark), and quite comfortable.   You can actually hear the other party with whom you are conversing.  Although not a quite a restaurant, there is food, and the food is pretty darn swell.  If you're headed Downtown from Uptown - it's on the way.  Thumbs up, folks!Go to Delachaise, order the pommes frites and steak bruchetta. Be happy. You cant go wrong with the drinks either.Practically empty (total 10 people sitting at the tables and bar when we arrived) with two guys behind the bar. After 10 minutes of standing at the bar we were finally thrown a "be with you soon" and then another 5 minutes went by before people that came in after us were served. We left. 
We had put our stuff down at a table, took a minute to review the menu and walked to the bar and waited, waited, and waited so more. We weren't even sitting at the bar, which should give the impression we just needed to order and having picked a table should give the impression we would be there spending money for a while. Instead the first bartender ignored us while he tried to connect a keg that he couldn't figure out, then reorganized stuff behind the bar, while the second bartender chatted up some chics next to us, closed out 3 tickets, still hadn't said hello, then put in orders for people that got there after us (bartender rule you should never break, especially when it's not full!). We were ready to order and celebrate my birthday quietly at a table in the corner. Way to screw up Delachaise. Two bars down the street were both full, and I'm not surprised as to why.After you wake up an decide to recover from your previous night you need to head to here. Get a spicy bloody Mary and share an order of fries with your buddy from last night.Delachaise, it's whatever you want it to be. It's a lively group happy hour on Friday. It's stealing a drink with your boyfriend on a quieter night, just because. It's catching up with a girlfriend on a table outside over wine and -- wait for it -- flank steak bruschetta, pork pate, and (obviously!) goose fat pomme frittes -- I seriously never knew they had such good food! I had always only gone for drinks, but Delchaise is perfect for dinner too! And if you prefer wine to hand grenades, you will find a kindred spirit in Delechaise. They easily have one of the better wine lists in the city, plenty of them by the glass if you're feeling less adventurous, and from all over the world. They don't disappoint with beers and liquor either, if that's your persuasion. The only down side is that you always have to order at the bar, even if you plan on sitting at a table, and then you have to go back to the bar to pick up your check at the end. A little inconvenient if you're looking for a more sit down evening, but definitely not a deal breaker.I don't care what else you order, but you must order the fries.  This place is my go to bar for any attitude.  It's relaxed enough to pass as casual, with a nice enough ambiance to pass as classy.  Crowd is young professional (25-40), drink selections is amazing, food is even better.  
Tons of outdoor seating with heaters, indoors can get pretty crowded.I can't believe what just happened. Ordered dessert which is supposed to take 15 minutes . 30 minutes later the bartender checks on us and tells me he didn't know what happened but they gave our dessert to the table behind us. I am so furious right now. It's my last night in town and I just completely wasted my time. The bartender didn't apologize or anything. What is wrong with people? Douche bags.We always go here when staying uptown. Love the atmosphere and wine list. Shrimp dish is fabulous and my husband loves the morrocan chicken tangine.My go to bar when visiting New Orleans. Great patio. Love the variety of gin for my G&T fix. Fries. Evan is a terrific host.Good food. Slow service. Not the friendliest bartenders - in fact they were downright rude. Would not go back.This restaurant absolutely has great selection of by the glass wine list and the food was good but the service is poor. Joseph is the best employee this restaurant had on this particular day. I will definitely come back but will not plan on any interaction with the staff or have any expectation of the staff making me feel like they appreciate my business.  Purely will be mostly for a good glass of wine!!Great wine bar and St. Charles Avenue hipster cocktail scene. No nonsense good bartender. Fries with malt vinegar aioli were a great complement to the Lumina Chardonnay.This was a great way to start the night! We came in on a late Friday night from flights pre-Mardi Gras and it was delicious. It was right next to the parade and the music was loud but fun! The bartenders were awesome and attentive despite the growing crowd. It was my first time having fro legs and it tasted just like chicken! It was also my first gumbo in NOLA! Overall, a must recommend for any new NOLA tourists!After the noise and commotion on Bourbon st. We were looking for something more refined. The walk was soooooo worth it. We took the double decker bus over to the garden district shops and just walked over. They played really fun music from the 70s 80s and on up to current. The wine list was terrific too. We started out with a glass of wine and the cheese plate. We left the chef choose but begged him not to choose goat cheese. He did a wonderful job. We then over dosed with the most gorgeous and delicious grilled cheese ever imagined or ingested. TRY IT. We ended with their crime brûlée which deserves its own personal review but I am too lazy. Go eat and enjoy!Leave your passport at home and hop onto a barstool at Delachaise for the satisfying pseudo-Euro drinking experience Uptown relishes.  The staff here know their clientele and service the throngs and masses better than most.  Pair that with the crazy inventory of delectable alcohols and stumble out sated.Introduced to me by a local, this place is possibly one of the cutest spots in New Orleans.  It's not located downtown and can be inconvenient for visitors, but if you have a car, definitely visit this spot! With its romantic lighting and patio outdoors, it's a perfect spot for a date or for friends to hangout and try out their wines, especially during happy hour!
I had their fries and their mussels, along with a glass of rose.  All of what I had was delicious, and I would definitely return here if I have the chance!It was nice to get out of the touristy stickiness of the French Quarter for a night and I thank Yelp for pointing me Uptown to the charming Delachaise.  Normally a place like this is right up my alley but, here, if the food wasn't so gawddamned good, it'd simply get an "A-OK" from me.
I heard so many good things about the pommes frites, but was chagrinned to discover that they're fried in duck fat.  I mean, I understand that some people eat animals, but duck fat, to me, sounds particularly nasty.  Boo.  However, the grilled cheese Anabella made up for it, with its ooey-gooey and perfectly melted asiago pressato and fiore sardo, ingeniously combined with house-made apple butter on semolina, and garnished with slivers of Granny Smith apple.  Hot damn!
My friend ordered the frites and grilled cheese and I ordered the Delachaise salad and the grilled cheese.  She got both of her dishes, but I didn't get my salad.  I was dying for some ruffage, so twenty or so minutes, well after we'd gotten all our other dishes, had cleaned our plates, and had them bussed, I mentioned it to the bartender.  He said it was coming, but didn't check on it.  I asked again in another ten minutes, and finally it came out.  The runner was very sweet and apologized for the delay.  It was a pretty standard salad, really, but good.
My friend and I ordered dessert.  She, the chocolate molten soufflé, and I, the bourbon-vanilla creme brulée.  Again, my friend got her dessert and ate it all up.  Time passes.  Where the frak is my dessert, yo?  I work in a restaurant, so I hate to be a pest, but again, I mentioned it to the bartender.  Service had picked up in the 90 minutes we'd been there and he was busier and got downright snippy with me when I asked.  He said, "it's coming as fast as it can, you know."  (Are you calling me fat?  Ha!)  
Normally, I'd be all, oh, cool, man, whatever, but I was due at a Fringe Fest show at 9 and it was fast gaining on 8:30.  I asked a food runner about it instead.  I apologized for being a pest, but I just had a place to be, you know?  The dessert finally came out and, sadly, 'twas not good.  My friend tried it as well and agreed.  And we are not picky about dessert.  We left the mostly uneaten portion on the table and bolted.  Sadly, that Fringe Fest show at which we were meeting friends was sold out when we got there, thanks in part to this subpar creme brulée.
I think the order-at-the-bar thing is problematic.  This is essentially a gastropub (or gastrowinebar; is that a thing?  No?  Well, it should be.) and the menu and seating are extensive enough to warrant table service.  I don't mean, like, a sit-down, fancy dinner, but at least assign bartender-types to work the floor.
That said, NOLA Hopitoulas IPA is where its at, beer-wise.  I'll preface this alcoholic confession by stating that I was not driving: I drank three, would've drunk more, too, if I didn't have elsewhere to be.I haven't been back yet, but Chef Chris DeBarr no longer works at the Delachaise according to an email I received from him. Too bad, he was such an awesome, down-to-earth guy who was willing to come out and chat with his patrons. He really has a passion for amazing food.Great patio area, great wine specials ($5!), tasty (if pricey) food, so I keep coming back, but Delachaise, I'm giving you three stars because you could be so much better. 
Every time I go to Delachaise the music is kind of loud, to the point of me having to practically yell, even when it's not very crowded. For that reason alone, I always sit outside. I prefer to yell over music when it's live music. Let's be real.
Also, the bartenders are randomly rude, but they are efficient. I never have to wait forever to get my drink even when they're busy, so cheers to that!Adorable little spot for a drink with a friend or two. Given the size, I wouldn't recommend coming here with a group unless you planned to stake out a table outside. Looking forward to coming back for an extension of my wine to please my palate with its mate.After a day of touristy exploring uptown, my friend and I stopped here on a whim. Super relaxed spot with great drinks. We got a couple of cocktails and sat outside and picked on a couple of appetizers. The staff was very friendly and offered suggestions. We were pleasantly surprised with this stopNot much that I can add...
Great atmosphere for drinking wine, and lounging back with friends.
Great chef specials (seriously, and yes, they do have food, not just alcohol)
OK appetizers (I didn't really care for the pate, or the frites)My favorite wine bar in New Orleans! The inside has great vibes and the outdoor seating area is extremely pleasant. My friends and I love coming to get a bottle of wine and the french fries are amazing!Love love love love love this place. I've been meaning to try it for a seriously long time and the perfect opportunity presented itself tonight. My friend L and I wanted to do something but didn't know what. We did know that we wanted drinks and food, so we searched for late night bites and Delachaise came up in the search. It was about 11 pm so we checked to make sure the kitchen was still open and then we were on our way.
I was half expecting a wait but the late night thing played out in our favor. There was no wait, we ordered our bottle of wine and 3 items from the food menu and went to sit down. We were sipping on the Riesling and talking and before we knew it, our food was brought to our table.
First, the mussels. Oh the mussels. What a great sauce! We dipped the fries AND the bread that came with in the sauce and it wasn't enough so we started using the bread from another dish. L wanted a little more of a kick so we asked for hot sauce and we were presented with some Thai chili sauce that the chef/cook who brought our food out went back and whipped out.
Second, the shrimp clemenceau. Also very good. I knew it was in a curry sauce but the thickness of it still surprised me somewhat when I was fishing for the potatoes and peas in the sauce.
Lastly, the flank steak bruchettas. These are not bruchettas. They are sandwich size. I love flank steak so I was looking forward to these but the marinade was very mild, especially compared to the two other dishes that were very flavorful.
Absolutely loved my experience and I will definitely be back.A welcome refuge from the madness of Mardi Gras...
After making my first visit to New Orleans this past February for Mardi Gras, Delachaise was a stand-out among the dozen-or-so watering holes we visited. If I lived in New Orleans, I'd probably be a regular.
Granted we visited ~10:30pm on a Saturday; I'm not sure if this place brands itself as a restaurant or bar, though it definitely felt the latter on this particular visit. Fine by us.
Chill, but not too chill. I found myself energized by the crowd and ambiance; rather than tiring and craving bed as some quieter wine bars sometimes do.
Good variety of drinks. Friendly, if slightly slow bartenders (but, okay, this is New Orleans--everything felt a bit slower than what I'm used to on the coasts). Comfortable booth seating.
Oh, and good bar food -- props for keeping the kitchen open late, and even offering some healthy selections! Though the cheese plate took forever, we also shared a fresh vegetable plate w/ muhamara (sp?), something I seldom see offered at bars...
Bottom line: like it.Delachaise is one of the more interesting venues to visit Uptown.  It has been doing the same thing all of the new "Gastropubs" were doing years before anybody decided to call a bar serving semi-fancy food that silly name.  The food is generally a bit pricey and ranges from average to very excellent with frequently changing items.  They also offer several cheese plate selections that are very nice quality.  The food seems to be more of a French Bistro style than what has been done at the other "Gastropub" incarnations.
They unfortunately don't offer Abita Amber but they generally do have some very good wine and some German beers that will satisfy me.  The charm and curse of this place is the long and narrow architecture of the building that limits seating and allows it to easily get crowded.  The bathroom situation really doesn't do well with crowds.  Service can be slow when the bar is crowded and if I can't get a seat at the bar I just go elsewhere as I'm not waiting that long.  The crowd is variable and some nights it is great and other nights I have no clue what alien planet landed their ship outside the bar and let their refugees out.  It is certainly a good place to hang out if you can get I seat and I prefer the less crowded times.Was a really good place. Great drinks, but tiny as hell.Nice little spot great location great liquor selection and a pretty decent menu. Outdoor and indoor seating gives he place a nice flow and we enjoyed ourselves after asking a local where to dine while visiting the garden district. Any place that has pappy available is good in my book.While on a weekend jaunt in NOLA I was staying around the corner from this place and popped in on the recommend of a friend.  Good thing I did.  Great place, the adult beverage menu is EXTENSIVE, the food was REALLY good especially the steak and the offerings diverse  which is a real surprise for bar food .  The vibe was reminiscent of Williamsburg.  The only down side to this place is you have seat yourself and its mucho packed so if you are travelling with a big group like I was then give up hope of being seated together and take the every-man for himself approach. 
NOTE:  This is a bar not a restaurant so if you go in there with this frame of mind you will appreciate its offerings.. 
OH and one more thing.. THE FRIES... good god almighty, I think its fried with voodoo potatoes it was so good.  I missed it when I got home...sigh!This place is getting two stars because the food was decent once we were served. I took my two New Orleans friends to this place because they were charmed by the outside and had wanted to go. There is no real table service. You have to order all food/ drinks at the bar. Poor bartender was swamped. He was the only one working. The floor staff stood around bored, eating, or checking their phones. Once the food did arrive I asked for some ketchup for my fries and the waitress said I could go across the street to the gas station to buy some. No joking or sense of irony, she was dead serious. The cheese plate arrived and I asked which cheeses were which. The waiter who delivered them said, "You don't know, you ordered them?". He then went on to say he actually did substitute one because they didn't have what I ordered- Thanks a lot! Again, he was not joking and zero kindness in his voice. I still left a small tip because the bartender was kind and the wine and food were decent. I would never go back or recommend it to anyone.Sweet, sweet, sweet mother of God. Not only is the food good, the drink priced right, and the selection fantastic, but my god in heaven! The service! Any of these fools on here that say anything (ANYTHING!) about the poor service obviously has never seen Josh Hall in action. Don't know Josh Hall? Not my problem; you my friend, are missing out. To high-five Josh Hall is like high-fiving sunshine (without the 3rd degree burns). Every time I go there it's like that time I went to Seaworld and got a blowjob from Shamu. No joke (and long story). Go to Delachaise and give Josh and friends all your money. And quit bitching about no table service you baby; this is New Orleans, and you're obviously an asshole.Great atmosphere and amazing food. I had to give Delachaise only 3 stars because of the confusing situation when you first enter the restaurant and the terrible service received. 
The bartenders are friendly and helpful, but service definitely needs some help. 
Atmosphere is great and romantic.One of the most " uppity" establishments I have ever been to in New Orleans.  If you are looking for attitude with arrogance, this is the place for you.   But not for me.There's nothing like checking in on Foursquare and getting the "Lookin' for Love" badge when you first try a place.  It's like one of the brochures Emma Pillsbury has on "Glee" -- "So the bar you just walked into is a singles bar".  I looked at my husband and he just shrugged.  We looked over the huge blackboards over and around the bar before deciding on two beers.  I went to the bar and ordered.  They were out of both beers.  Isn't that the point of blackboard menus?  That they're easy to keep up to date?  The bartender suggested the Blanche De Chambly instead of the wit.  I hesitated because that was my husband's beer order, so the bartender said "It's Canadian."  To which I replied, "Yes, Unibroue."  He seemed shocked that I knew the brewery.  We got the Chambly and a Chimay White plus an appetizer.  I tried to order a second round, but we decided we didn't want to give them any more money and just asked for the check.I visited the Delachaise a few times during Chris DeBarr's tenure and was most impressed.  Sadly trying to enjoy food or a drink in an establishment that allows smoking is a waste of time.  When I heard that the Delachaise is now non-smoking, I was really happy.  We returned to have several small plates, some wine and spirits.  Everything was pretty tasty and a couple of things were outstanding (Johnny Cakes were the best).  The glass selection of wines and spirits is (as always) impressive, not only in variety but quality as well.  There was no table service but I'm not sure if this is the norm.  We were happy to sit at the bar.  Service was a bit challenged due to the number of people who seem to come here to grab a quick drink before dinner somewhere else, putting the bar in the weeds only to leave it a ghost town 20 minutes later.  If you are one of these people, knock it off.  Come here a good hour or more before your reservations and get a small plate to hold you over.  This place deserves your attention.Definitely one of my top five places to get a glass and eat later in the evening after work. The flank steak bruschetta is INSANE! Just have some mouth wash or gum in you're on a date for after. A bit garlic/pesto amazingness that likes to hang on a while.Pretentious, but good.  I give the food a B+.  The beer/wine/spirits selection an A.  Service B.  It's cool though.Stopped at Delachaise while on a cross country road trip with my younger cousin.  The food and the atmosphere was great.  I'd describe Delachaise as being comfortably cosmopolitan and the emphasis is on really good food.A friend of mine wanted to catch up and recommended we go here. It was my first time and I was impressed. The place is a little tight but they offer outdoor seating. We came on a Wednesday night and the place was packed. 
Loves how they have all the items displayed on a black chalkboard. They also serve food, albite a very limited menu.
Will come again soon!Delachaise is exactly what I want out of a wine bar - plus more.
The wine selection is good here, but it's nice that a full bar services the venue. I've been here for the occasional glass of wine, but the best time was a Gin and Tonic sort of an evening, making for an interesting night in a dream-like atmosphere.
I think Delachaise sets the mood for a laid back, slightly romantic evening. Not in the sense that it's the best date spot in town (although it's in the running), but that being on the patio along St. Charles while the sun is going down almost makes one feel like they are buzzed amongst Tinkerbell's stopping grounds (which to me, sounds pretty magical). 
The service is excellent. My bartenders have always been friendly and generous, giving suggestions, charging reasonable amounts, and ensuring that the guests are entertained and satisfied. The food is also delicious - even the fries. This will continue to be a place that I habit on relaxing evenings in my neighborhood.I used to adore Delachaise back when I lived nearer to Uptown.  it definitely had the potential to be one of my more favored bars in New Orleans, but I haven't been there lately.  
Anyway, to put it succinctly this is more like a junior wine bar than a fully stock OMG WINE!!! bar.  It does also offer a nice array of beers for you manly men out there who refuse to touch wine (look, I know you exist!).  There's also a nice selection of appetizers or full on meals to accompany your various adult beverages.  I've only had some of the sampler platter, vegan options are sparse, but my friends who've ordered the other items have all been quite pleased.
The venue itself is an elongated shape - shotgun style, perhaps?  There are tables, seats, bar stools etc. kind of just shoved wherever they would fit - very limited is what I'm trying to say.  As per usual, a very dimly lit establishment - possibly a nice date destination as it's usually not incredibly rowdy in here.  
I very much like Delachaise because it feels like it's a happening bar, without it being actually ramped up and happenin' - if you know what I mean.  It's been the location of many nice evenings with friends - just chatting away, drinking wine, and chillaxing.  
This isn't the cheapest place, can be a little moderately pricey, but you pay for the ambiance and food and alcohol selection, I suppose.This is such a cool spot with tons of options. The chef is very creative with menu items. 
The crowd is pretty mixed and it varies from college age kids to local business professionals getting a quick bite or drink after work.My favorite mussels in the whole city. Getting the fries is always a good idea. Good amount of whiskey to choose from and also can be very budget friendly with $5 red/white/sparklingFour stars for location, ambiance, and their bar/patio space. 
Three starts for cheeses. 
Zero starts for their men's bathroom. 
Even though I live pretty close to Delachaise, I hadn't been there in the last year. In looking for something other than the same'ol places we go to, we decided to go in for some wine and cheese. 
In arriving as per usual, the seating area was lively with lots of people having a good time enjoying their drinks. Ordered the five cheese plate and a couple of drinks-- sat down and the food came out pretty quickly. The cheeses were good, served with bread and spicy walnuts, but I think it would have been better if there was a preservative/jelly of some sort as well. 
On our way out I decided to use the men's bathroom... now, just to preface my past experience with bathrooms-- I'm not a person that requires much. I've been to very poor countries around the world (think rural Bolivia bus station) and managed just fine. But when I opened Delachaise's men's bathroom door and turned on the light-- it was like someone had dropped a cockroach bomb in there. At least 15-20 of different sizes and colors all over the floor advancing towards me as if I had walked in without invitation into their space. I instantly opted to apologetically retreat. Still, one brave roach stood up to me on behalf of the gaggle and attacked. While I'm not proud of what happened next, suffice to say I did what had to be done. But you have to understand, it was me or him! 
On a positive side, my GF said the lady's room was just fine-- though I have no personal knowledge of its state.I really like this little place. It's got a good wine list and is open relatively late so that restaurant industry people can come in after work and grab a cheese plate or some appetizers. 
It's a great date place and the staff is pretty friendly.Beautiful selection of wine and beer. Friendly service. Great way to while away the happy hours sipping wine and watching the streetcar trundle by.The staff behind the bar is more than rude. Appalling at best.
However the eggplant dish is delish. .the johnny cakes were dry and almost tasteless. And this is every time we go. The only saving grace is the patio and the alcoholic libation selection. 
The mafango is awful..the goat fat fries taste like rancid oil.Nice enough place but at the end of the day it was simply a bar ( and there are plenty of those here ) with a humorless bartender who hailed from France and was dressed in drag for Carnival w/e. Great costume but you'd of thought he was into the whole Mardi Gras atmosphere what with his get up. It wasn't that crowded ( at first ) when I ordered and whereas most barkeeps in this city are fairly engaging even when slammed w/ customers this guy couldn't be bothered to even mutter a reply or manage a smile of any sort. Not looking for a best friend, just a civil attitude from someone who deals w/ the public everyday. From all the reviews I read it may have been an off day for the guy. Just saying, it colors one's impression of a place and makes you hesitant to return.Quality wines, wonderful cheeses, excellent decor - no reason to complain here - definitely suggest to anyone in the area.This place is a must for late night dinning. Serving a full menu until midnight most days. The delachaise also has a killer by the glass program. And the bar tenders will gladly pair a glass with anything from a cheese plate to a lamb burger.The food and drink was good but nothing compared to the after effects of food poisoning.  I'd say pass.This is one of my favorite little places to go for drinks and a lite bite.  The wine and beer selection is always superb.  For food, the flank steak bruschetta is a must.  The horseradish sauce that they serve with it makes the dish!  I tried the mussels for the first time during my last visit and was blown away.  The broth that it is served in is so flavorful....ask for more bread for dipping.  The mussells are also served with the duck fat pomme frites....and these are as delicious as you imagine.  This is the perfect spot to stop by pre-movie!On a Friday night you can expected a packed house, a fight to the death for seating.  Extensive wine and liquor list (a little overwhelming). They have a fair share of food options. The cheese platter is amazing and they have some of the best fries in the city. Definitely a dating vibe associate with the ambiance.  They also have additional seating outside along St. Charles to add to the experience.  I recommend it for date night or for a night out with some friends to explore the wine world.Rico love to drink glass of sarah wine so Dechase is good.  Rico no like to be in dechaise with 1000 pretty people who agrvate in nice clothes so have to begin early in bar.  When Rico start early drinking srah wine the night become another adventure.  Rico give crazy look at freind if asked to go here for the weekend night.  Bring towel so you always have shining glass.Delachaise deserves  a 4 or 5 star rating for the atmosphere, beverage selection, and a select few of the food menu items (goose-fat fries, grilled cheese - to name a few) BUT because of the terribly rude service that I have experienced time and time again, I am rating it 2 stars. The (bald, accent) bartender/order taker/server is consistently miserable and ignores customers. I hope that this establishment decides to take action on this, as the reviews say it all. There are far superior happy hour bars in NOLA to spend my time & money.Came here for a nice glass of wine and a bite after work. Because really, one can only have so much Miller High Life (I know that's not true, but you know what they say about variety).
I admit I don't know a TON about wine, but the "by the glass" list didn't leave me wanting anything. I had plenty to choose from, and had two glasses of a Spanish Tempranillo. It was great. 
The food was even better. Goose fat fries, olives, and the frog legs. Everything was well cooked, well seasoned, and tasted great. 
I would absolutely come here again, both to eat and drink. Thoroughly enjoyed it.Fair.  Two blocks from the hotel, so that was a plus.  Kinda dirty, you have to order at the bar if you sit at a table or outside.  Slow, not very responsive service.  No such think as quick here.Delachaise is a sure thing if you are looking for a talkative crowd.  The intimate quarters make it feel busy every evening and at $25 for a bottle of the house wine, you can talk for quite awhile at a reasonable cost.  The quaint patio gives you a chance to watch the streetcars on St. Charles pass by and experience the crisp night air.  The food has great presentation, but be prepared to wait for it.  The crowd has the appearance of a Tulane book club, but where else would an intellectual crowd hang out if not at a wine bar.  A wonderful experience overall.Somehow until recently I have never actually eaten here- which makes me realize I have been missing out! I like the vibe this place gives off and I never fail to have a great time catching up with friends. 
Started off with a nice wine and a cheese place- was not disappointed! The mussels were also very good and quite a large portion, definitely enough for a meal. I had a special - I can't quite remember the name, but it was gnocchi. And oh my it was delicious! Served with a red sauce and some slow cooked pork goodness. If this is being offered again, I highly recommend!One of the best shrimp po-boys I've ever had!  The staff was super chill and friendly. Plus the ambiance was cool too. I'd definitely go back.The matzo ball soup sold me on this place as i had gotten soaked to the bone out in the rain all day. Hoping a delicious warm bowl of matzo ball goodness would warm my insides and help me not to get sick (it is Jewish medicine after all). After a somewhat in appropriately long wait for my soup to arrive (hence gettin knocked down a star) it finally came. A giant ball o matzo in the middle surrounded by plenty of carrot and chicken breast chunks arrived. The ratio of ball to carrot to chicken was perfect and the broth was flavorful without being too salty as sometimes it can be. Savoring every delicious bite, it warmed me, healed me, and was The Best bowl of matzo ball soup I've ever had. This soup special should be a permanent fixture on the menu and executive chef RJ Tsarov be given an award by Jews everywhere for the magical soup all our Jewish mothers and grandmothers dream about making.Delachaise is a great place to hang out with friends for drinks. I love to sit on St. Charles Avenue and have drinks and appetizers. I was super excited when they decided to make the place non-smoking. The drinks here are great, they are never skimpy on the liquor, there are always specials on bottles of wine and they have a large selection to choose from.  Then there are great things to eat too. I will start with the pommes frites, these are the best fries in NOLA. They are fried in goose fat for cryin out loud!!! They come with two great dipping sauces and they are hard to stop eating. Then there is the cheese board, it's always a different selection of cheeses, and you can get 2, 3 or 4 different ones on the board. It usually comes with some apples, nuts and maybe some hone on the plate, and the baguette. Mmmmmm. My one complaint, they need to do something about the smell of sewerage that plagues the place. I'm sure it's due to the fact that it probably has mega old plumbing, but the smell from the bathroom fills the place now that there is no smoking. Think they need to invest in a plumber. Besides this little problem, I need to be going back soon!This reminds of the bars and cafes where I used to go when I was living in Europe. I love this place. Great atmosphere, great food, great selection of alcohol. I have special memories here, including a first date. Before, the smoking used to throw me off (I don't mind smoking, but it was toooo much), now it's nonsmoking. Great place. Last I remember it doesn't open until five, unless that changed.I love this place! Food does not disappoint and selection for drinks is great too. The place is small for the amount of people that are usually in there. And the service is not the best... But not as bad that I can overlook.It makes me sad to give this restaurant one star, but I have no choice. I typically love the food and the wine, but I recently experienced such abysmal service that I am forced to share it in a negative review. I took my out of town cousin to Delachaise for wine and small plates. She is SEVERELY allergic to all nuts, not just peanuts. We spoke to the bartender (a very rude and self important Frenchman) who took our order and he didn't seem to care at all about her allergy. His response was "Sure whatever. You'll be fine. It doesn't matter". His Attitude was extremely negative and he acted as if we were flies buzzing around his head. I am in the service industry and this is NEVER how you treat a guest. We received our food and low and behold, it contained nuts. My cousin had a severe allergic reaction and ended up vomiting outside of the restaurant and had to be taken to the hospital. This server/bartender should be fired and never work in service again. I typically love this restaurant and this experience has stained it for me. It's very sad.Great drinks! Great food! And most of all
Great service! Even the manager? Owner? Pitching in!I always enjoy myself at Delachaise. It's great for happy hour, post-dinner, first dates, second dates and any night of the week.
One of my favorite things about this little wine bar is the $5 house wines. They always have a red, white, rose and sometimes a sparkling. It's normally a pretty decent wine for a great deal. 
Food is also delicious. Extensive cheese selection. The goat cheese they offer with honey drizzled over the top is hands-down my favorite (Note: I was corrected by a Delachaise employee that this cheese is not on the menu; perhaps it is something I remember from years past.) Their spiced pecans are also quite yummy. Another great thing to try is the Flank Steak Bruschetta and their gourmet grilled cheese. Everything is fried in goose fat. Fantastic!
A few new things about Delachaise in the past few months is Free Wi-Fi, lunch available during the weekends and here's the best thing: They've gone SMOKE-FREE!The first time I went here, I was less than impressed.  It was packed, I couldn't find a seat and the people were kind of rude.  
When my boyfriend suggested a few months ago that we check it out, I was hesitant.  It was kind of early, so we gave it a try.  We got to sit at the bar, which was a huge plus.  Then, it was time to order "munchies".  We got a yummy cheese plate and the "pomme fritas" (I think that's the spelling) with some Chimay from the tap.  It was fantastic!
I would definitely suggest going a little early, if you aren't into the crowded "bar" scene.  It's a really great little date place and a good place to start the night.One of our favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  The steak bruschetta is wonderful!  We also love their duck fat fries with garlic and peanut aolis.This place is normally right up my alley. Unique, wine bar, with original food and a romantic atmosphere. However, it was super smokey and the wine list was disappointing. I may have high expectations after just going tasting last weekend in Sonoma; but for wines by the glass it was pretty grim. I didn't even finish my glass of white. I ordered the crab cakes; and I wished for something a bit more substantial; they were creative. I would like to try this place again and see if it does a better job the second time around.Highly recommended! One of the coolest, greatest places to hang out at, drink, eat and be merry in NO. Amazing cheese plates (you can choose from 20 diff int'l cheeses) great wine selection. The food was scrrrrumptious, delissshhh! Prices are moderate and well worth the quality. The specials on the blackboards looked amazing full of local seafood stuff, definitely going to try them next time as I will surely be back in a few days! It's a smoker's hangout with smoking permitted along the bar and eating areas, so if you're allergic to smoke, this place is not for you.Intimate, relaxed, romantic spot spot for a drink and nosh with friends. It also seems like it would be a great date spot!This review is not for the food; we came by for a drink. It was a little too cold to sit outside, so we sat at the bar. The wine list is extensive and affordable. Oldies were on the radio. The red walls, dim lighting, candles and alcohol....... this place is SEXUAL. PERFECT for a date night... too bad I didn't have a sexy man with me (sorry, friend :) ).I LOVE the vibe of this place and always take out of town guests here.  It's so cute and convenient for bar hopping/touring the city.  They always have specials on their glasses of wine which is a bonus.  Their fries are fried in goose fat and now I don't want fries any other way.  I'm not a very good vegetarian...  It comes with some sort of malt vinegar aioli that I want to smother myself in.  Eeek TMI.Probably the best "first date spot" in NOLA for young people. Location is perfect and the string light ambiance makes it an exciting but also casual place to meet for a glass of wine and a bite to eat. I would call the food gourmet bar food. My absolute favorite is the mussels with fries. The broth is so delicious- i always ask for extra bread for dipping!