From a stand in St Roch to a corner shop downtown, The Daily Beet has now expanded Uptown, with a sunny new location and a slightly different menu. It's a sort of counterculture in New Orleans in that it offers healthy food that might be best described as "flexitarian"; not 100% vegetarian but you can pretty much certainly eat there regardless of your diet. They don't have anything fried, and most of it is based around fruits, vegetables, and whole grains. And most importantly, it's delicious.
Among my few sources of disappointment were my discovery that despite the fact that their breakfast is offered "all day", the thing I really wanted to order, pancakes, is only offered until 2:00, which is not all day. However, there was plenty else on the menu to try, and my "chimi chimi" bowl yielded a hearty quinoa-based salad with avocado and feta and pumpkin seeds. Plenty of substance. I also went for an almond-based smoothie. It took a while, and frankly they seemed a bit confused on the service end, but it delivered the full mix of sweet and nutty flavors I'd hoped for when it arrived.
The food is eclectic and not overly specific to New Orleans or any other culture, but frankly this place strikes me as the way I should be eating. The main reason I don't visit the other Daily Beets more is that the locations aren't that convenient to me, despite them being open seven days and for generous hours. This new shop is larger and easier to park near, and while it may stand out from the New Orleans food scene as compared to other areas where this sort of food is more common, I think I'd visit it again if it were anywhere in the world.A pearl in NOLA. This city eats, drinks, and sometimes sleeps...this place is a way to get a healthy meal option with amazing smoothies and salads. I got the PB&J and it was so good I almost got a job just for the recipe.
Come. Enjoy.Good vegan and gluten free options. The morning bowl and the mango lassi delicious. Great juices tooFriendly people and the food was awesome. It's great to have a healthy alternative on Magazine St.I loved the atmosphere - very LA. The hanging plants and bright, pastel colors make you feel instantly at ease. 
I had the rainbow bowl and ginger lemonade and it was fantastic! It felt so good to be eating food that fresh and still delicious!We are not vegetarians but we always come away feeling full, happy and healthy.  Great staff and the owner is hands on to make it run like a Swiss watch.
Favorite salad is Mexicali Blue, and the avocado toast is superb.The food & service were excellent. Relaxed, clean & modern atmosphere. You order at the counter. We had the Skinny Green Smoothie, Indian Curry Bowl, Breakfast Tacos, & Banana Oatmeal Pancakes. All fresh & delicious. I could eat here everyday. A welcomed reprieve from the traditional Nola fare.4/5 solid and easy
the morning bowl is for any hour of the day, truly. there's just something about it that makes me want to dig in more and more, and then suddenly, the bowl is empty! i've tried a few other things, but this has become my go-to across all the locations. there's ample seating and lots of beautiful light that comes in, so it seems like a nice place where you could come in for a bite or bev then power up and do some work. 
i recently had some dental work done and my first "meal" after was the almond butter smoothie - so yummy! the price for those can be a little off-putting for new orleans, but seems fair considering how filling it actually is.
so if you had a little bit of too wild a night and can't take another bite of something fried, try this spot (or for any reason, really).Finally something healthy in this city!  Clean eating, so much flavour, amazing quality and so many colourful options.  Pancakes are to die for.  Only improvement would be to sell espresso drinks.  Otherwise this place is my fave for everyday healthy eating.Great chill vibe restaurant with great light meals. The avocado toast with lox was delicious. The toast had a nice crispy crust and the center was nice and soft. The açaí bowl was extremely refreshing. Some of the best granola I've tried. Will definitely return when I'm back in town. Cute walking area.I wouldn't have come here because despite eating most things at some point in my life I can't like beets no matter how often or in how many ways I try them. But enough about me. 
I got the Lox Plate as I'd been craving Lox for awhile. It was absolutely delicious. It was a tough call though because I wanted to try EVERYTHING ON THE MENU. I'm already having a crisis because I want to go back and try more stuff yet I also need to have the Lox again. 
My friend who talked me into going had the Breakfast Tacos and loved them. She also said she'd had the Sunshine Bowl and the Indian Curry in the past and everything was a hit. 
Go try it. Delicious and Nutritious. You may see me there being indecisive.Huge serving a of amazingly healthy food. Their bowls are full of flavors and plenty of different options. They also have a refrigerated section when you walk in for grab and go items such as chai pudding, juices, and power bites. Such a beautiful location with tons of plants.  Following COVID rules with limited seating but some outdoor seating as well.The beet Benedict was amazing and so unique (miso-beet hollandaise wow!). The orbit bowl and watermelon ginger drink were great, too. Quality, healthy, and delicious choices. Wish we had room in our stomach to have the oatmeal pancake (no refined sugar!)Wow just wooooowww ! First off let me start by saying this is a great little healthy place to get food . Everything is fresh and organic tasting . I ordered the Mexicali Blues which was a salad with a great Mexican twist, nice flavors and bright greens . My girlfriend got the Indian Curry and man that is a solid curry it can hold its own among others , it is vegetarian as most of the dishes are . The flavor is original and the curry is not too spicy !!! Last we shared the Breakfast Tacos and they were fantastic. It does have sunny side up egg in it but if you're a fan of that kind of egg it would work wonders for your mouth ! If your not a vegetarian but would love to try a real good vegetarian place this is where I would take you . Food is great and man the portions are worth every dollar !!!! Staff is super nice. They always have bright smiles and are happy to help with any questions or concerns. As a man that loves his meat this place put a spell on me because I might have just transformed into a vegetarian!!!! All together it's a great place !I am from Boston and there was a similar type place but they didn't have Cal at the counter. If I owned a business I would want 10 of him. Dedicated,  kind abs extremely hard working. My favorite place which I don't get to enough. My favorite is avocado toast with fried egg. But everything is goodSo let me be honest. We all have those days - I drank too much on Friday night and I don't know about y'all but I just have to have hot food when I am hungover. I am not a big fan of breakfast food and It is nearly impossible to get hot food at 8:30am... I would have loved to get a bowl of Pho but nobody is open that earlier... so I was googling and realized that The Daily Beet on Magazine street is open at 8am and that they serve everything they have on the menu starting 8am!!!!!!!! I dragged myself there to get their sweet potato chili and YUMMMMMMMM it gave me life! I absolutely did not want to stuff myself with rice so I swapped for quinoa instead and they catered for me. Thanks for saving my life the other day... :-DThe food here is always served extremely fast and it always tastes extremely fresh. They use high quality ingredients and serve up delicious dishes. The portions for the bowls and salads here are very generous and it is worth every penny.I needed a place to take my vegan nephew to lunch and had heard a lot about this place.  The thing is unless you are a vegan there are really no other options on the menu.  I had the Thai peanut bowl which I might have enjoyed more had the peanut sauce dressing not been so spicy that I could barely eat it.  My nephew had some sort of bowl full of fruit and seeds that he seemed to enjoy.  I did try to be objective, but I just did not like it.  I thought I would never get that hot taste out of my mouth.My husband and I basically lived in this place while we visited Nola. We'd been in Louisiana for a week for a friends wedding and felt a bit oversaturated with fried/cajun food and this place was a very welcome reprieve from the heavy food options typical to the area. 
We came 3 days in a row in the morning to work/eat. They have WiFi, not super strong, but good enough to get work done. 
The place is COLD! I imagine its probably welcome on hot days, but we were around when it was cooler and I was freezing to the point that I was uncomfortable each day unless I had a pretty warm layer. If you get cold easily, bring a warm layer for sure. 
Favorite things: Sunshine Bowl, MorningBowl, Thai Salad, Beet Benedict. Also loved their mango and beet hot sauces you can add to anything.Great juices and salads! Customer services is great! Location is awesome too. I'd highly suggest anything on the menu!Amazing food, I have been going to their Girod location for over a year now. The magazine location is closer to home, so lately I've had the pleasure of having both. Thank you guys for being friendly and creating delicious fresh food!You are now entering the world, of a New Orleans girl drinking cold pressed juices, eating salads and grain bowls. This weekend was very busy, but I was determined to check this place out. The weather has been bummy all weekend..but a girl has ventures to create, moves to make and stories to shake! To accurately describe it, the weather has been at war with itself. I am not sure if I should wear rainboots, flip flops or ballet flats. Weather aside, my sister and I had a lunch date at the Daily Beet location on Magazine Street and it was some goodness to talk about. I spend a great deal of my time talking about food..but I am pretty health conscious.... It not only helps manage my weight it also helps the immune system, gives off loads of energy and delays the effects of aging. As a foodie, I believe in balance with diet and nutrition. Moderation is key! In a fast-paced world, filled with faster-paced gadgets... connecting us to vast amounts of information... with faster and faster speeds, the time has never been more appropriate to moderate our lives.
Restaurants in New Orleans are definitely picking up the speed for the health conscious eaters. Restaurants with Vegan and Gluten free menus are on the rise. Pretty soon, the Oprah backed restaurant True Food kitchen will hit the Garden District like a storm. Folks will be standing in line, hoping to be at least two degrees of separation away from Oprah!!! Surely, I will be hoping they are at least six, or fewer, social connections away from meeting her. Let me know, I want to meet her too... 
Of course, we ordered a spread of items on the menu: 
Cold Press Juices (Watermelon Ginger, Smokey the Bear and NOLA Greens). I really liked the Watermelon Ginger (made with watermelon and ginger) and the Smokey the Bear (made with orange, grapefruit, lemon, cayenne and maple syrup). 
Banana Oatmeal Pancakes - These are gluten free and vegan. They are good for a lighter breakfast. I love the taste of the strawberry cashew crema mixed with toasted walnuts, seasonal fruit and maple syrup. 
Thai Peanut Salad - Mixed with purple cabbage, spinach, CILANTRO, mango, peanut butter sauce. I would try it next time without the cabbage. 
Mexicali Blues Salad - Absolutely LOVED this salad. The romaine, spring mix, avocado, black bean, corn, tomato, red onion, CILANTRO, corn chip, topped with jalapeno lime vinaigrette. 
Orbit - Wild rice, egg, avocado, edamame, carrot, green onion and sesame - ginger dressing. It is really good if you want to eat a bowl of something hot. 
I have not tried their smoothies yet. I am kind of excited to head back to try a few and add CBD oil to it. 
Have you been to any of these Daily Beet locations? This place is delicious and definitely an Instagram worthy place to shoot vivid photos.I'm sooo happy this place opened on Magazine street. I saw it, turned the car around and decided to pop in for lunch! The guy at the counter was super knowledgeable about the new dishes ( yes their menu is different from the downtown one). I decided to try the curry bowl ---- omg!! It was soooooo good. The wild rice was cooked to perfection and the flavors bold and hearty. I'm not a fan of raisins but for some reason these work in the dish. My friend ordered the sweet potato bowl which I tasted too. Very good! Although I preferred my dish. The curry bowl comes with a side of warm roti. That was the cherry on top! 
The place is super clean and the decor is freeeeeesh. Clean eating and clean dining for the win! I'll be going back soon ( like today) to try something different. 
The portion sizes are quite big for me and I are about half and saved half for later. It was definitely worth it! 
The bathroom is clean and I did notice a change table for babies - which is great! 
They also give you ice in a glass ( if you ask for it) and free filtered water is available when getting cutlery. 
If you're looking for delicious healthy food, then this is the place to visit!The Daily Beet is our ultimate FAV breakfast/lunch spot in GD/Uptown  pretty much completely vegan!! I'm OBSESSED with the tofu Benedict. It's insane. And their avo toast is fresh with greens and tomatoes. My sisters and I LOVE the rainbow bowl (Tory says it can actually cure her if ever she's sick ‍). We always get an açaí bowl (without honey to veganize) and we always love it. Best açaí bowls in town. Best tofu Benedict in town. The service is great, they are oh so sweet, helpful, and fast. We recently ordered takeout and paid over the phone; it was super easy and delicious, per usual for Daily Beet. I HIGHLY recommend!!!!!!I love this restaurant so much. The food is healthy and delicious. It's pricey, but usually well worth it. I don't think I can return, however, until this pandemic is done.  The front of house staff is great about masks, but every time I've been in recently, the kitchen staff is less consistent. Usually it's just someone with the mask under their nose, but yesterday, the man making my food had his mask fully under his chin.  I debated whether or not I should even eat it.  When you pay $20 for lunch, it's difficult to just toss it out. 
Anyway, I'll be back when this is all over but I've seen enough for now. It's a shame that wearing a mask is so damn difficult for some folks.I'll start by saying that our meals were a 5/5.  We had a fantastic dinner which included the sweet potato soup, chimi chimi bowel and the supreme toast.  I took a star off for service.  No big deal.
The food:
- Chimi chimi bowel - served on some fresh green with quinoa, avocado, feta and red onions.  There were for sure other things but that's what stood out. Served cold.  Very nice flavor.  The bowel was an excellent mash up of what felt like healthy flavors.  
- Sweet potato soup - very nice taste and consistency.  I think it was topped with salted pumpkin seeds.  Very nice.
- Supreme Toast - Shari V's dish.  She let me have one bite so I don't know all the details but it was served warm and tasted great.  I liked mine slightly better.
Ambiance: 
- nice looking restaurant.  Clean for the most part although the bathroom was a little dirty, surprising because everything else looked really clean.  
- fast casual - order at the bar and then someone will bring it out to you.  Seems like it's up to the patron to throw away the food and then place dishes in the bin.  Easy enough.
Service:  I would describe it as sucky.  The girl who took our order was not helpful.  For example, Shari V asked what the soup of the day was and she told Shari V to read the board.  Fair enough.  Shari V missed the board which clearly had the soup du jour, but it's just one small example of someone not being particularly helpful or pleasant.  I certainly noticed it, and there were a few other interactions which I also found irksome.  
Overall, I usually do not like vegetarian, vegan or things that are healthy when it comes to eating out.  But I really enjoyed the Daily Beet.  Overall, I plan to repeat the beat!Love this place. Wandered in on a Thursday morning and watched as the employee poured pitchers of fresh watermelon ginger juice into mason jars to be sold. He gave me a generous free sample as I pondered over the menu (really, like 8-10oz). My friend got the PB&J smoothie and I chose the Blue Eyes herbal tea after he gave me a delightful sample of that, as well. 
The PB&J smoothie is to-die-for. My tea is delightfully refreshing. A fruity treat, even unsweetened.
If we didn't have lunch plans we would have had one of their incredible breakfast bowls or toasts. I've had them before at their St. Roch Market location and it's all swoon-worthy. A necessary deviation from the incredibly rich, indulgent food at most every other stop in New Orleans.Absolutely delicious breakfast tacos!! The chimichurri sauce paired with it was outstanding and I basically licked the plate to get it all.  100% recommend and will be back.  Vibe and decor are 100.  The color scheme is somehow simultaneously soothing and invigorating. And the decor is a lovely eclectic mix of exposed bricks, vintage finds, and live plants all mixed together to create a wonderful ambiance.Avocado toast and Chai tea for breakfast! What a pleasant breakfast experience. Highly recommended for conscious eaters. Looking forward to coming back for moreI LOVE this place. It's cute. It's inviting. The staff is friendly. The menu is full of healthy options and it's all soooo good. My favorite juice of all time is their Smokey the Bear... One sip and I was addicted. The Sunshine bowl is my go to, but everything they offer is fresh and tasty. So yummy.The Daily Beet is now one of my favorite places to grab a healthy lunch! I'm so sad they don't have one in Austin because I would definitely be a regular here. The aesthetic is absolutely adorable and I loved all the natural lighting. I ordered the Orbit Bowl because it had a flavor profile that I really love, although I would have been happy eating any of their delicious bowls. The orbit bowl was fantastic and I really loved the sesame ginger dressing that came with it, but wish I got it on the side because there was a little too much. My egg was perfectly cooked, however, my avocado was so hard that I couldn't really cut through it with a fork. Overall, I had a great time dining here and everything was reasonably priced!A good selection of items available with very friendly staff and a clean eating area. Service was a little slow due to the cashier having to do multiple jobs like ringing up customers, make smoothies and açaí bowls. But still a nice place to check out some healthy meal options.This was one of the best meals I had on my trip to New Orleans! They have amazing, healthy vegan options that are all plated so beautifully. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the food and the restaurant itself is stunning! Can't wait to eat there when I'm back in town again!After thanksgiving and between company holiday parties I really wanted to feel like I was doing my body a huge favor, so I stopped by here to pick up a couple plates. Now I feel like my body is made of sugar, spice and EVERYTHANG nice. Cute and casual place to grab and go, great service with very knowledgeable employees. I hade the chimi chimi, rainbow bowl and curry. Jeezums these dishes tickled every of my fancy.The Daily Beet was amazing .Traveling through Nola and stopped in. The banana pancakes were the best I ever had. My husband had the morning bowl and is still talking about it.  The counter help were super friendly as well. Can't wait to come back!Pass by this place all the time and finally got to try it. We ordered the spicy Thai salad and the Mexicali salad. IT WAS GREAT!! Also got the pb&j smoothie and the almond butter cup- pretty great also!! We will Def be ordering again.Great food and great cozy place. Loved the Indian curry bowl. Shame I was living today but if I lived in Nola I would definitely visit often!The food here is generally good, but the staff could use some customer service training. Today, I did not receive a greeting upon arrival and placed my order with an unwelcoming/unfriendly cashier. As such, I declined to add a tip to my takeout order when asked. In response, the cashier made an annoyed face to which I explained that in recent weeks I had been tipping very generously on takeout orders at various restaurants (during COVID), but my generosity had been rewarded with incorrect orders and attitudes of 'tip expectation'. The cashier then became disrespectful and told me that I should expect to continue to experience bad attitudes if I didn't add a tip to my to-go orders. The owner himself overheard the conversation and then shockingly asked me not to return as they did not want my support. I'm a 4th generation native New Orleanian who was raised in the traditional (but now obviously obsolete) idea that a tip is meant to convey satisfaction of services rendered (which are typically above/beyond normal expectations). The staff at this location however believe that it's meant to be an added bonus to their wages regardless of service received. As such, the owner here should either raise his prices to build-in a tip for his employees or train them to deliver better customer experiences which motivate customers to tip for good service (rather than out of a sense of obligation). Tipping is a personal choice and should not be an expectation (especially for takeout orders in which table service is not being rendered). Why should any of us tip for dreary service, and furthermore, is it right to be subjected to disrespect for deciding that a tip is not warranted/appropriate in specific situations??Absolutely delicious food and great service. Wife and I got the Açaí bowl, Peanut butter/Avo Pudding, and Breakfast TacosAbsolutely obsessed with this place!! The Orbit bowl is fabulous and kale salad is great too! Love the Starbux smoothie for something sweet! Great prices for what you get!!Clean and cute large interior space serving refreshing and nutritious bowls and smoothies right next to the shopping on Magazine st. 
Wanted a change from the heavier fare, this fit the bill and was filling! Love how they prepare the quinoa with different mix-ins.
The interesting sauces were great too like mango habanero  and beet jalapeño .
Counter people were efficient and friendly too.Great local staple. One of only a handful of places where you can eat 100% clean in Nola. I feel like I don't have to ask about ingredients here because they go out of their way to be gluten and dairy free and use less salt. One thing that has become more common that id suggest they correct - there is a way too high ratio of carbs to veggies lately in their bowls. I'd use a little less rice or quinoa!Amazing smoothies!!! The interior is really nice and clean and inviting! The staff are all super friendly and will definitely help cater to any of your needs! Haven't gotten around to trying their food but it's the place i'll have in mind next time I'm hungry! Definitely recommendSuch a cute spot! A good place to go if you're looking to eat clean / healthy / vegetarian. There's a ton of seating inside and outside, the space is cute, and generally very inviting. Great service too. Location is great (magazine street is a great place to just walk and pop in to places, so you can grab your smoothie and hit the streets). 
I got the Almond Butter Cup smoothie which was fantastic, but next time I come I have to try the mango lassi which also looked fantastic. Be warned: if you're anti-banana for any reason, many of the smoothies use it. 
Excited to return and try some food next time as wellAlways my go to place for something delicious, nutritious, and refreshing. Today I got the Mexicali blues salad and the iced chai latte. Both were very satisfying and delicious.Sooo flavorful, fun, n fresh! I'm in NOLA for holiday and my stomach is not used to the typical  heavy (but very tasty) food here, so I gave this super cute place a try to give myself a break and catch up, haha, and this place hit the spot. They were quick to serve and friendly too! (:I just ate the Luna Cauliflower Bowl and it is a trough of soft potatoes smothered in a brown mushroom gravy topped with corn and cheese. Brought a tear to my eye when I took the first bite. If you find yourself wanting comfort food but for some reason you clicked on Daily Beet by accident or maybe there's a New Years resolution you're trying to follow, screw that resolution and get these mash potatoes. You earned it.A great spot for a quick, healthy lunch! I usually get the Orbit bowl (rice, egg, kimchi, avocado, edamame, carrot, nori, and sesame-ginger dressing), and it's nice because they rotate the type of kimchi that is used in the bowl. Taking a star off however because the quality seems to be a little inconsistent (egg was overcooked on occasion, there was way too much dressing last time I was there, etc.). Overall it's nice, the food is simple, and it's a great option for vegetarians/healthy eaters!Super cute place to go and sit. Nice staff super cute girl took my order. First time there had a pleasant experience.My favorite restaurant in New Orleans! Everything is healthy, vegetarian/vegan friendly, and extremely high quality food! The staff are friendly and helpful.Finally went here for the first time, and it did NOT disappoint! The decor and vibe are wonderful. Service was really great. It took us a while to decide what we wanted, but the staff was so patient and friendly. 
I got the rainbow bowl and added a poached egg; my friend got the morning bowl, and both were amazing. The food was super fresh and high quality ingredients; beautifully presented. Massive portions! One bowl was more like 3 servings worth. I took mine home and stuffed myself with it. The leftovers kept really well. 
Also got a cold brew, and it was great! I work in coffee so I was skeptical bc they don't have espresso here, but wow, the cold brew was awesome! 
I HIGHLY recommend The Daily Beet!!We were doing some shopping and passed this place up. 
We weren't too hungry, but could've used a little pep and this place sounded perfect. 
We walked in and the juice options were amazing!
They have all freshly squeezed juices and a great light lunch menu. 
What a great spot!Boy did I need this place! After a week of eating "fried this and buttered that" to my hearts content, I was in much need of fresh cold pressed juice!  Nice place, but the juice options were limited. Cold pressed juices were around $9 a piece.Wow. Really good bowls. We had the Rainbow with tofu and the Curry bowl. Both were excellent. The Curry bowl came with some kind of flatbread that was a bit greasy and seemed more like fried cheese. Except for the flatbread the food was excellent. A diffinite stop for vegetarians or health food enthusiasts. Will return.Twenty years ago you couldn't get a salad in this city. My, how times have changed. Plant based cuisine seems to be very of the moment, and this place has some good bowls and salads. It took me awhile to get myself to go here, as this is how I cook at home, but I must say their food is thoughtfully conceived and well put together, and it's nice to not have to cook. This location also serves good coffee, smoothies (not something I order out, so cannot attest to the quality) and friends like the breakfast, so I'll be returning for quick, affordable and delicious food often. I'm glad they're here.Went to daily beet today for the first time today. The chefs forgot avocado on my Morning Bowl and when I approached the woman at the register about the missing avocado, she was rude, but ended up plopping a plate of of it in front of me. My bowl was pretty tasty, but when I was about to take one of my last bites I noticed a big, black spider. I was absolutely disgusted and talked to another worker behind the register. She apologized numerous times and offered to refund me for my meal. She also gave me a pack of homemade raw bites to bring home. I probably will never return.I've only had the cold pressed juices here, but I find them kinda bland and boring. They've got a great program of buy 6, and bring the jars back for a free juice.. this is a win in my book for recycling and getting the customer back.My favorite breakfast spot in all of New Orleans!! Rainbow Bowl and Açaí bowls are my favorite! XOXOXOX THANK YOU Daily Beet!!This is such a great, healthy place to eat. The people are always so nice. And the food comes to your table fairly quickly and with a smile. I find myself craving the avocado toast with an egg. I've tried just about all the bowls and they are all good.Amazing place--the atmosphere, the aesthetics, and the friendly staff. The Beet Benedict is so different and a must get! I love that you can buy their fresh juice and return the jar right there for zero waste. I will definitely be back!Rainbow bowl was delicious, and i also ordered the gluten free oat pancakes which were pretty good as well!Yep yep yep. Delicious juices, breakfast tacos (always a make or break deal for me), yummy entrees, and a super fresh vibe make this place a spot you must stop! Can't wait to try the entire menu -- which is wildly vibrant in flavor and in color -- I couldn't help but look at everyone else dining and what was on the table. Walk in for the simple beauty and friendly staff, walk out feeling beautiful from the inside out!Can't believe this was my first time at daily beet! Love all the juices and fresh healthy snacks. I got the Greek salad it was absolutely divine but kinda pricey for a salad. But hey it's a magezine street lunch stop Maybe it's reasonable prices for a salad. Loved the flora decorations inside! I'll def be back for some yummy protein oat balls.Favorite thing to get here is the morning bowl!! Everything is good and you can't go wrong. The avocado toast is delicious and so are the smoothies.Delicious food! Great change from the fried food that is common in the area! Very good juices and very healthy, clean friendly, they were great!
We had the breakfast tacos-amazing.
Rainbow bowl-eh we added lemon salt and removed currant raisens.
Mexicali salad-good
Greek salad-eh.I don't usually post reviews and the few I have posted have been because of bad experiences and I was trying to warn others.
I have to post a review of the Daily Beet because this Orbit bowl was the Best meal I have ever had in a restaurant. The ingredients were fresh, taste fantastic, and great service.
Tasty smoothie and nice atmosphere but the entree was really great!
Highly recommend this place! 5Great spot for picking up a healthy but super tasty lunch. Love that I can order online and pick up.I went here yesterday and I got the original smoothie which is strawberry banana vanilla, my boyfriend got the blue dream smoothie which is blueberry pineapple mango banana and agave. I think it was about $15 which I guess is a lot. But literally when you think "I want a smoothie" this place gives you that exact smoothie texture and taste. It was so good. I really want to try the mexicali salad next time I get a chance.This place is phenomenal! Fresh, affordable, and incredibly tasty. I got the Supreme Toast and not only did it look beautiful (I tried to snap an obligatory hash-tag-avocado-toast picture but got too excited and it didn't save) but it was filling enough to get me through mid-afternoon. I also got to sample a smoothie and some matcha lemonade, both refreshing and perfect for a muggy New Orleans morning. My only complaint is that there's not one closer to my house!This new juice bar is incredible. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Delicious selection of smoothies. The bowls are generous sizes and gourmet ingredients. Plenty of seating with wifi.  I really enjoyed everything this place has to offer!Loved this place it was my daily while staying in Nawlins. Their mint smoothie is absolutely amazing. I really enjoyed the bowl I had the morning I believe it was named. I feel these dishes were very pretty and can be replicated at home which is a pretty nice feature. The smoothie was my favorite hands down.YUM! This place is so good! The food here fills you up without giving you that "I need to take a nap now" feeling. The customer service was great, they were very informative of the meals and smoothies available. I asked for a chai tea and they told be they don't offer it but tried to offer a similar alternative. This tells you that they really care about their customers. The only thing I thought was odd was they don't offer soy milk! I love soy but its okay, you can't always get what you want. This is the type of restaurant where you can pretty much order anything and it will probably end up being delicious. I ordered the rainbow bowl, it was flavorful and I highly recommend it. Thank you for providing great food, a great experience and overall good vibes.If you are craving a healthy escape from lovely & delicious (but often greasy Southern food), look no further :) Delicious smoothies, filling and yummy healthy bowls and fresh juices and açaí bowls. Kids friendly. We loved it and returned twice during our NO tripWe loved stopping in here for breakfast when we were in New Orleans. They have a variety of toasts; we tried both the avocado and beet toasts....both were very good, but the beet toast, paired with creamy goat cheese was the clear winner. My husband enjoyed his iced coffee and I thought the Starbuxx smoothie was delicious. Prices were very fair for the quality of the food!So glad i found this little gem while visiting New Orleans. I ordered the supreme avocado toast and it was absolutely amazing! I paired it with a green smoothie and hibiscus tea, it was perfect and super filling. Everything tasted fresh and the dish was beautifully presented. The atmosphere is super chill and laid back for breakfast/brunch with plenty of seating space. I highly recommend you checking them out when in town.Finally, a delicious, affordable and health conscious place for us semi-vegetarians.  I fell in love with smoothie bowls over the summer in Gulf Shores, AL and was happy to find the Daily Beet.
Hubby and I shared the big açaí bowl, filled with good fruit and granola, topped with honey (sans coconut flakes). Our bowl was big enough for two, even with him usually taking than his fair share of the serving.  It was thick texture, just right.  I've never used apples in my smoothie bowls at home and this was okay as there were plenty of other fruits included.
I'm being more judicious with my stars these days, so if you're a smoothie or bowl person, then it's really a 4-4.5.  Awesome location, earthy environment fit for hipsters and Xers alike.  Daily Beet has a plethora of other healthy menu options.  My go to place for bowls.An awesome addition to NOLA. 
Looking for someplace to feed you the kind of fuel your body will thank you for AND tastes amazing? This is the spot.
If you are someone who sits at a desk all day long and you need energy, you're an athlete who wants to feed your body properly, or you're somebody who simply wants to eat clean -  starting your day - you'll thank me later. 
Everything on the menu aims to feed you in a fresh and healthy manner. 
The service staff is super friendly and the ambiance is modern and artistic. There are tiny succulent plants everywhere and art for sale on the walls. Interior is modern and clean. 
You'll likely be in and out of here with fresh food within five minutes if you take it to go. 
Servers were even willing to make me a custom favorite from my days in D.C.!
Will see you all next time I'm in town!Fresh breakfast at this the spot. Not heavy and good ingredients used. Friendly staff.Love this place! It's located near the smoothie King center and a bunch of other restaurants like Willa Jean, company burger, etc.  Parking is a pain because you have to pay for the meter, but that's common in this area.  Order at the counter and they will bring the food to you.  They have so many healthy, meat free options such as salads, toasts, smoothies and grain bowls.  I've opted for the bowls each time.  They are chock fill of flavor and texture.  I got the morning bowl this time which had quinoa, an egg, veggies, avocado in a delicious dressing that was light, yet filling without feeling disgusting afterwards.  They have daily lemonades and other drinks along with pressed juices.  Definitely a great spot to go to if you're looking for healthy, yet satisfying meal.It is an ideal place for cleaning eating around downtown hotel area in New Orleans. The place is quiet and clean; a variety of delicious salad and bowl choices. Will come back for sure!One of my favorite new spots in New Orleans. The decor is very modern and a great place to catch up with friends or get work done. As far as the food goes, it is a little more on the expensive side but definitely worth the price. 
I had the beet toast and the roots juice and I loved every bite. Even though the juice was almost $8, I used it for 2 servings so it was worth the price. Can't wait to come back and try more- everything on the menu looks delicious! Would definitely recommend for a healthy spot in the downtown area.Yummy place! Aw staying few blocks away and found this after searching juice. My goto on a weekend trip for yummy juices and breakfast. Toasts are delicious. Had the avocado + almond butter and the starbuxx smoothing is delicious.Our favorites breakfast spot in New Orleans. Gluten free options for my mom, kid friendly dishes for our 4 year old, wonderful Acai bowl, clean, tasty, fresh, friendly team - we loved it!I tired of the heavy food and wanted to give my body a break. I ordered the south west bowl, the avocado toast, and I had a really great juice. Try the Smokey the Bear. One of the workers recommended it. Everyone was really nice, the atmosphere is lovely, and the location is just close to enough to the action.Best smoothies and acai bowls I've ever had. Great fresh ingredients and juices. Excellent coffee. Lovely ambience and vibe. Nice staff. Reasonable prices. Clean and modern. Stop eating fried grease and get some of this healthy food inside of you!It's so comforting when I'm on vacation and stumble upon something that I would eat at home. The space is large and open with plenty of seating for a quick meal. The staff accommodate dietary restrictions and allergies without issue- it's one of those places you feel safe eating when you're allergic to more foods than not. 
The smoothies are refreshing- had the berry bucha with coconut milk. The açaí bowl was a balance of tart and sweet- a little too soupy, but still tasty and filling. The rainbow salad topped with eggs was a satisfying breakfast. The wellness topped with eggs is a hearty and warm breakfast. Both would make good lunches or dinners. 
I will definitely be back for some matcha or chia pudding tonight.So good! We were visiting for the weekend and wanted to go a much more crowded place and then saw this across the street- so glad we did! Their bowls are awesome. So fresh and you can add egg or avocado to any of them. We got the rainbow bowl which was delightful. The PB&J smoothie was so yummy. We also got some beet toast which was terrific though overpriced for the amount of food you get. The service was a bit slow so be prepared to wait a bit for your food- I promise it is worth it when it arrives. If they lowered the price on toast and had better service this would definitely be a 5 star place.We live nearby and thought we would try this place since it is relatively new. We ordered the Greek salad to go, and for close to 10 dollars, we got a to go container a third full. Very disappointed and feel ripped off. I appreciate the healthy options, but would expect more for that amount of money.The Daily Beet became a necessary visit for us after a couple of late nights howling at the moon in New Orleans. It was hard to resist such amazing local brunch places but alas we were nearly defeated. Coming to the rescue was their fresh smoothies and for me a caffeinated version the call the Starbuxx. The banana, cold brew and chocolate were a concoction I wished I could duplicate at home.  It is obvious they take pride in fresh ingredients and catering to all kinds of diets and allergies. Honestly I felt if all my meals were here I would not have gained 10 pounds on our trip but I have no regrets. Thanks for one guilt free breakfast!Love having a healthy option in the CBD. A daily breakfast/lunch spot for me. I love the kale salad, and am loving the port city pantry baked goods. Thanks for moving into the neighborhood Daily Beet!Delicious and super healthy!!! Food and ambiance is great, location is easy, and very friendly staff!!!Downtown was desperately needing this option. Great menu, quick counter service, can't wait to make this part of my weekly routine!Their kale salad and açaí bowls are so yummy. 
The ambiance is what initially sold me. It has inspired to make a business plan to create my own cafe. 
Thank you, Daily Beet!The avocado toast and the supreme are so delicious! I enjoyed the almond toast for a sweet treat. The smoothies are full of fresh fruit and drinking them makes you feel like you're treating your body right. . The staff is a joy!We were starving and there was a wait at Willa Jean so we sauntered here. Cafeteria style. Very fresh and also flavorful-sometimes I find veg-centric places bland. The southwestern and morning bowls were delish, as was the apple butter toast. Not cheap. Only beef is $2.50 for non refillable regular small mug of coffee. A good antidote to indulgent foodLoved the ambience here, the juices were fresh and I added my favorite, mint! The avocado Toast was my favorite! I also loved the interior of this place, a very aesthetic vibe!This is a very cute trendy place with most of your standard healthy vegetarian options. Good selections and great "build your own" options.
HOWEVER 
If you have allergies I would make the communication EXTREMELY clear. There is a lot of cross contamination considering they prepare your food using the same gloves. -Let me explain, I'm allergic to onions, garlic, tomatoes etc therefore if you used those gloves to pick up any of those items in the last order when I tell you that I have those allergies for my order you should change gloves. 
On top of all of this extra garnish was added with onions. I had to reorder and second bowl was thrown together and did not have as nearly many toppings and wasn't presentable like the first. 
If you choose this location I would not choose to sit for long the blender is LOUD I could barely have a conversation with my friend.
If you know why you're getting yourself into then go for it!This restaurant is.... Interesting. I popped in to get breakfast before a conference. The space has very clean and hip decor. I ordered an egg sandwich with avocado to go and then waited for a bit for the food to be ready. The guys who work here were funny and personable. The prices were average. The sandwich was.... Just ok. The bread was a bit hard and the whole thing had less flavor than I would have expected. Maybe this was the wrong item to order at this particular restaurant. Next time I'll stick to the juice.I've been eyeing this place for awhile, and finally decided to stop in.... It was pretty good. I got the supreme toast. Yuuuummmaaaaaa.Stopped in here during a business trip to New Orleans and am glad I did. I'll be coming back every day I'm here the remainder of my stay.
Went in for breakfast and they have a vast array of healthy offerings from amazing salads to breakfast bowls to smoothies and more.
Opted for the Summer Kale salad topped with 2 pastured eggs and avocado. Eggs and avocado can be added to any of the salads or bowls for a small fee. It was the perfect size and absolutely delicious. Can't wait to go back and try more.
They have fresh seasonal lemonades but I didn't try those. However, the coffee was delicious and free refills.
Friendly service, clean, bright airy atmosphere, great food... You can't go wrong here. They are also the healthiest food you can find in the area.Great, healthy and filling food! I could eat this every day. Prices could be lower, but that's what's to be expected in the CBD. Skip the salad and go for the bowls--We got the orbit and morning bowls.Stopped in for a quick bite and ordered the avocado toast. Portion is good if you're not too hungry, but it had all the elements I was looking for - crispy toast - fresh avocado - chili pepper - evoo Delish!Went to the gym in the morning and needed a healthy breakfast post workout. Came across this place and decided to try it out. The seating is indoor with a few tables outside. You order at the counter and they will bring your food to your table once it's done. I ordered a breakfast supreme sandwich and my hubby ordered a breakfast sandwich. To drink I had the drip coffee and a blue dream smoothie. The breakfast was made with fresh ingredients and was very tasty! I absolutely luuuuuurve this place.!the smoothie was a bit thick but once it melted a bit was delicious. The staff were very friendly and the service was great. The decor feels fresh and was very clean. Will definitely be going back!!Good place to get a healthy breakfast or lunch. Haven't tried there food yet, but it smells really good. However, I have have a few of their juices and smoothies which are really good.One of my favorite new lunch spots! It's healthy, hearty, and all around delicious.
I've tried several dishes from avocado toast, smoothies, and salad. They have never disappointed me! 
One warning though - I had a weird experience trying to order delivery from them - my breakfast never came! The folks over at the daily beet fixed the situation by giving me my money back and giving me a complimentary smoothie. Their great customer service was above and beyond.This place is so good! I am a vegan in NOLA for business stuck in a nearby hotel with catered food. I ate here every day! Twice a day! Good salads, bowls, juices. Nice people. My only suggestion would be to get gluten free bread. Their avocado toast looks amazing but no GF bread option.Love this place! It's healthy and so yummy! They have very good smoothies. Quinoa salads there are really good and best avocado toast I've had was from there! Love going here when I'm in town.It's fun to eat traditional New Orleans fare when visiting, but the food here made me really happy. We returned for a second lunch. The summer kale salad was delicious and gave me a veggie fix that made me feel better about dinner decadence. We also tried the morning bowl and the southwest bowl. We would eat it all over and over if we lived here!After a couple days of stuffing my face with beignets and heavy creole food, I was craving something healthy for breakfast. Luckily I found The Daily Beet. This great spot offers a variety of healthy breakfast options and clearly cares about the quality of their ingredients. I opted for the Orbit bowl and was very impressed with it. The wild rice was perfectly cooked and lightly seasoned. The kimchi was fantastic. The entire dish pulled together really well. I would definitely go back.Really good coffee smoothie & Greek salad 
Healthy options in NOLA in a great neighborhood!!So glad i found this little gem while visiting New Orleans. I ordered the supreme avocado toast and it was absolutely amazing! I paired it with a green smoothie and hibiscus tea, it was perfect and super filling. Everything tasted fresh and the fish was beautifully presented. The atmosphere is super chill and laid back for breakfast/brunchwith plenty of seating space. I highly recommend you checking them out when in town.When you reach that point in your NOLA experience where your body is begging for a detox...head over to this place! Recharge with a bowl of delicious power greens, protein, and superfoods. Rough night on Bourbon street?  Too sick for solids? Just grab a green juice with ginger and sip on that! Your body will thank you!This place is amazing! Great smoothies, especially the PBJ. The owner was extremely friendly and welcoming. This is a great spot for healthy amd delicious food.Really disappointed. Ordered an acai bowl and asked for no honey and no granola. When I got my bowl back to my room and sat down to eat, I got half way through the bowl before getting a spoon full of granola. My body doesn't process granola well, so now I'm not only hungry, but get to wait and see if I'll be sick the remainder of my vacation.Loved this place for breakfast and lunch! A few of my vegetarian friends recommended this place and after a few days in New Orleans eating delicious fried food my body was screaming for something else. The food is fresh, delicious, healthy and affordable. I especially loved the mango pineapple lemonade! It was so refreshing on a hot day. The breakfast sandwich with fresh avocado was tasty and filling. The place was a distance from my hotel but was so well worth the steps. I'll be back again tomorrow morning before I catch my flight.I really enjoyed this place.
Very cute  and fabulous food and drinks. Instagramable.  I'm glad I found this place.Not much here unless you're a vegetarian. Ok for lunch or light dinner but no meat or cheese. Nothing for people with nut allergies; nothing for people with digestive trouble. Not recommended.I tried the skinny green smoothie with rice milk and added protein. It was fresh and hit the spot. I would probably try a different smoothie since a lot of the options sound delicious.We got the sweet mint smoothie, the breakfast sandwich and the morning bowl. Beautiful presentation, beautiful atmosphere and wonderful staff. Highly recommend you it check out! Skip the line at Willa Jean ;)Great option for fast, healthy food in New Orleans. I was pleased with the atmosphere and friendly counter service. Tasty menu options ranging from smoothies, iced brew coffee, quinoa bowls, lox, panini and avocado toast. I recommend if your needing a break from the greasy and fried southern cuisine.Typical Los Angeles girl had to find the Acai Bowls-felt right at home with healthy choices & fresh fruit!! Perfect for my allergies!This place is awesome. I ordered an açaí bowl and it was AMAZING. You can taste how fresh everything is. It was my first açaí bowl so now my standards are set pretty high since this one was so good! I love the atmosphere of the place and my mom and I had great customer service! Such a gem. Will definitely make this a go-to spot for whenever I'm in New Orleans.The lemonade is a+ I'd come back for that on a warm day for sure. The bowls were good but they honestly soak the rice in sauce. Rice is good on its own! The sauce and flavors are great but the rice doesn't need to be soaked like that. The service was pretty good but all the tables are self clean up and people aren't always great at picking up after themselves.I had the chimi chimi bowl and the spring rolls at st roch market. Saying this power lunch was amazing is an understatement! Everything was fresh and the taste and textures were perfect. I'm satisfied,  full and ready to try more from the daily beet!I love that this place is in NOLA now, it is fresh healthy food with great flavor. Finally a place with good acai bowls and smoothies. I have had a bowl and a salad and both were delicious. If you are looking for a place with good food that won't make you feel bad after, this is the place. Prices are a little high but the ingredients and portions are worth it.Tasty and creative smoothies. Nice salads that they can adjust to make vegan by leaving cheese out. Grain bowls were great too!  Definitely would go back.Obsessed with this place. I've been 2 times this week. Ordered the southwest bowl the first time and the wellness bowl with a pineapple mint smoothie. Everything was outstanding.It took me a while to get to the Daily Beet as I'm not a downtown sort of person, but if I were in that part of the city I would not hesitate to eat again at this health food place. It is indeed daily, being open for breakfast lunch and dinner seven days a week, which is notable in a town where I not infrequently find that the place I want to eat is closed the day I'm free to eat there. Notably, they have a stand in St. Roch Market, but the full restaurant provided significantly better food in my experience.
Their menu includes various salads and bowls and smoothies, which are mostly vegetarian. They have some cheese and egg, but you certainly can avoid those too if you wish. I, on the other hand, arrived starving and ordered a bowl with nuts and goat cheese and a smoothie with peanut butter. Going to the juice bar/bowl place to stuff oneself is an odd choice, but I wanted to see if they could oblige. And indeed they did. The bowl was unique and offered an excellent mix of salty and sweet flavors, and is certainly one of the healthier things you could order in downtown NOLA. Their acai bowl as well was rather impressive, with fresh fruit on top plus frozen fruit inside.
The smoothie was a bit of a struggle; they have signage suggesting they make your smoothie and refrigerate it until you're ready, so I didn't question it when mine did not arrive with my bowl. And yet, when I asked for it as I was ready to go, they did not have it, and rushed to make it then. The policy of not bringing you your stuff when it's ready was odd to begin with, let alone the error on top of it, but I'm not really bothered. They had a lot of people working there who genuinely seemed to be doing a good job and I don't feel the need to dock them a star and then write an update when I return months later and it's as good as I think it will be.
And between the prime location, speed (online ordering available), reasonable price (these sorts of places tend to be higher), and the fresh and unique food they provide, I can reasonably expect that whenever I do return it will be good.Highly recommended: southwest salad & skinny green smoothie. So good! A great spot to get something delicious and good for you.Loaded avocado toast! Loved the amount of avocado on this, although the bread was a little strange. Friendly workers, nice atmosphere.Wonderful vegetarian friendly lunch or easy dinner place. We love the kale salad and the avocado toast as light options. The the kale is nicely tenderized with a great dressing. They have great bowels also. We don't live in New Orleans and this place was recommended by some of our local friends. We will definitely return.Had a great recommendation from the cashier! Ordered the Morning bowl and Starbuxxx smoothie, added protein and greens. Great refuel after a TRX class and Spin class at Higher Power next door. Can't wait to come back!The Daily Beet is definitely one of my go-to's in the area for lunch. The bowls and salads are huge and filling, even for non-vegetarians. My favorites are the Orbit bowl (great for salty savory) and the Morning bowl (on the sweeter side). The lunch rush around noon can make the line pretty long, but you can order online and pick up pretty soon after - just go directly to the counter and give them the name on your order.We're visiting NOLA from LA and were looking for a healthy spot after days of eating awesome creole food. The Daily Beet did not disappoint!  The food was amazing and the neo-soul music made the vibe right. Highly recommend!After a weekend of pretty heavy meals, this hit the spot. Refreshing items and tasty too!
The açaí bowl was tasty and plentiful with fresh fruit on top. The different roasts were also delightfully fresh. 
The only thing to consider is the expense... I realize fresh ingredients are more costly, but it felt like prices were just a smidge in the high end.Super cute place with delicious healthy food. I ordered a little of everything because it was my last morning in NOLA and I was facing a long flight home. Got the toast with avocado and a smoothie. Outstanding. Also got an acai bowl for the road. I ate it at the airport and was sad because it was so awesome and I knew it would be a long time before I would have another breakfast that good.I eat here at least once a week and i love it! Their smoothies are amazing. My favorites are the Starbuxxx and the PB&J. I also really like the Greek salad and the southwest bowl. 
My only wish is that they'd bring back those amazing raw cookies/brownies from their soft opening! Those were awesome. 
This place is worth a try but keep in mind it's completely vegetarian. 
If you're looking for something healthy this is the place to go.Dropped by for a quick lunch as we were at a convention in the CBD. I had a southwest bowl and a cucumber kombucha. My date had an açaí bowl. Both excellent. Owner brought us an avocado toast order as well and it was excellent. Great vegan and vegetarian place in the CBD. 5 stars!This place has the best toast I have ever had. It's not rated enough but it is so amazing.  Toast flavors are awesome with fresh ingredients and good prices. Try supreme toast and beet toast.Oh my God! I am picky and this place just blew my mind!!!
I did not only got 1 dish but when back to order a 2nd, together with the Skinny Green smoothie that was amazing as well.
I could eat everything in their menu in a day!!!
Compliments to the chef, the owner and the great friendly staff that works here!We ordered the blue dream. It was good, but not something extraordinary. They use everything pure, which justifies their price for the smoothie.This place was fantastic. The employees were so friendly, my cashier told me my edges were on fleek lol. Avocado toast was to die for.In a town full of heavy/unhealthy foods, this is a sigh of relief for my body. Cold pressed juice is more expensive here than it should be, but I bet they get away with it because they don't have much competition. Delicious food!The Morning Bowl is the best breakfast in town! This place is great any time of the day for anyone that's vegetarian and/or gluten free!This place is so clean, the ingredients are so fresh. We ordered couple dishes and they are all tasty. The spinach kale smoothie is so good. Very rich almond milk taste. The morning bowl and orbit bowl are highly recommended. The brussel sprouts salads has lots of fruits and nuts. If you don't mind you can have to chew a lot, this salad is pretty good.