I've never felt compelled to leave a review about any place because I'm pretty easy going and being in the industry myself I understand how things can get when the bar is non stop, but what I experienced today was a blatant display of disrespect for the customer. 
To begin this is not a review on the restaurant end, I've always enjoyed the brunch and have always left satisfied with what I've ordered and the service has always been great. This concerns more with the bar side and the outrageous $20 cover to enter the pool only to leave minutes later because the amount of people was the equivalent to all the people you see in a wave pool at a water park and god knows what's going on beneath the surface. 
I have never seen such a lack of urgency with the bartenders both in the front and in the pool area as was displayed today. I understand what it means to be in the weeds but when your staff is dragging or in their case dancing and having casual conversations with other patrons while there are other people waiting to be served and showing no recognition of how long one individual has been waiting there to order vs. someone who just walked up is frustrating as a customer who was just looking to relax. Staffing wasn't the issue, there was more than enough bartenders to handle the crowds both in front and in the back bar. The issue was bartenders who showed zero lack of customer awareness and were rude to customers when voicing their displeasure at the amount if time they've had to wait. 
I have always enjoyed the Country Club and have often recommended it to people who want to try something different while visiting out here. After what I witnessed today I think that may change.This place is great!! Great mimosas!! Great drag shows!! The drag queens walk around using a mic to crack jokes, engage their customers, a to lip sing to songs. And their dance moves are totally on point. I went there for brunch for my friends bachelorette party and it was one of the best places to attend brunch if you're among a wedding party like we were. After brunch, there is pool and outside bar outside that you may go out too to chill. This place has a great set up.Went to eat st The Country Club last night, had the anniversary menu, 3 courses for 2 for $40.
My wife also had the chrbroiled oysters that were very good. Appetizers were fois gras torchon, very tasty, also the tete en gelee which was also very good. All three main dish options were all excellent. Finished with fried banana and ice cream. Service was excellent and a very comfortable environment.  A real local gem  in the bywater . Best deal in Nola for coolinaryThis restaurant is located in a very nice building in Bywater, but that is the only thing remarkable about it. The waitress was not very friendly, the food is OK but not great and it was a little bit expensive site for what we got.A stately restaurant with a swimming pool in the back!  How is that not awesome. Take your suit and you can enjoy a discount rate to sit by the pool after you eat.The food is excellent and reasonably priced. The best service I've had since my trip to NOLA.YUMMY YUMMY FOOD! Drinks were a bit watered down. But I'd definitely come back for the food and the excellent service. The rooms are all decorated to their own uniqueness. It's fun to look around and be in a beautiful environment while eating a really good meal. I would recommend this place!Let me first start by saying that I LOVE the brunch here. The food is fantastic and the wait staff is phenomenal, especially Val. Val is a shining diamond in a sea of sand. 
With that being said, stay away from the bars!!! These are the rudest bartenders in the city. After waiting an hour to be served a drink (both inside and outside) we were told we were "9th in line"...was no line. After that, my gf actually begged an indoor bartender to close us out and it was another 10 mins after some snotty reply. The bartenders would rather dance and socialize then serve drinks and make money. Upon trying to give a little constructive criticism, I was given the finger and told to "F*** off". He tried to tell me they had 400 patrons, but I could only count 40 inside where he was actually serving. These guys have no clue how to tend to a "crowd".
Go for brunch,  stay away from the bars.Amazing food. Great ambience and decorations. New year's Eve we got the recommendation from a local to eat here. It was last minute and we had a big party. They were totally accommodating. The server was friendly. Lots of interesting options in the menu and drink menu. Delicious food. High quality and good portion sizes. Would highly recommend.I plan to go here a lot this summer.  European style swimming and plentiful and reasonable prices.  And as several people have stated, there's no pressure to be nude.  It's definitely clothing OPTIONAL.  There's usually a good mix of both.
The pool is very nice.  Clean.  Nice lounge chairs to relax on between jumping in the pool and then switching to the giant, in ground, hot tub.  Very nice way to spend a day or evening.
Plan on seeing me there a lot this summer.One word... Bacon. Yes, the staff is super accommodating and friendly. They make sure your bottomless mimosa glass in always full. Yes, the brunch was fantastic. Chicken and waffles and the crab cake benedict have been some of the best, most flavorful food I've had in New Orleans. Yes, back to the mimosas, they're mostly champagnes with a hint of orange juice. You'll feel it after a few. But the bacon.
A restaurant's success and failures, it's rise and fall, all hinge on the quality of its bacon. The bacon is unf.... It's some of the best bacon I've ever, EVER had. I highly recommend The Country Club for the friendly staff, flavorful food and definitely for the bacon.First time there wont be the last. I've been hearing good reviews about all the food and had to check it out. Although its coolinary month the prices were fairly reason outside that specific menu. I enjoyed the chargrilled flank steak mint chimichurri, house fries, lime cebollitas. Cooked perfectly to my liking and was delicious. At first I was skeptical about the mint but it was definitely a highlight to the dish.Okay, I went out of curiosity, not hunger. Surprise. Surprise. The food was wonderful and my waiter was superb. And no, to answer your unasked question, I didn't go outside, to the pool area.Set in an old Acadian mansion, the country club is one of the most amusing gay bars I've ever had the privilege of visiting. Featuring a pool-side cocktail bar and acres of decking and deck chairs on which to sun au natural, it was all I could do not to take up permanent residence. Seriously the only place i've ever been where one can float about naked with a magarita in hand. Oh yes, and the boys are very handsome too.
www.countryclubneworleans.comFree on my bday after a fabulous meal in the dining room.  Jacuzzi, pool, all clean. Nice clientele. I'd buy the 299. yearly membership if I lived in Nola.pretty amazing. i love it here so much its so awesome . i really enjoy the atmosphere . i love the mimosas .......you must try this place out!!This review is for 4.5 stars.
Fantastic brunch - no complaints.  A bunch of sides, a few unique New Orleans' own brunch dishes, and bottomless mimosas for $18 with an entree.  We got there at 1:00 pm for brunch and left at 4:00 pm, being filled up until the end.  We never felt like we were being pushed out the door.  We came on a Sunday so I imagine it's less busy than the notorious drag brunch on Saturdays, but it was still fairly lively. 
We began with some fried green tomatoes as we'd never heard of them.  A very interesting dish which felt like a healthy hash brown.  We had it as an appetizer rather than a side, and I think we made the right decision.  For the meal we had the chilaquiles and the shredded beef hash.  The chilaquiles were very good but a little too limey.  But a nice looking dish overall.  The hash was fantastic though a little too much gravy.  But after drenching the gravy with hot sauce, I wan't too mad.  Couple these with bottomless mimosas for 3 hours and this was a very successful meal.  Country Club  is in my top 3 for the best bottomless mimosas pours I've ever had in terms of refills and not kicking us out after technical brunch close.
The Country Club is a bit out of the city, but everything about the brunch was worth it.  Really cool building, great food, and great drinks.  The one thing i hope for them in the future is more juice base options on the mimosas rather than only the classic orange juice.Me and my friends had brunch at The Country Club on a Saturday at 10am.  For anyone with an adventurous vibe, this is the spot for brunch.  Bottomless Mimosas really set the tone.  As a vegan, the food options were pretty limited so if you are a vegan don't come expecting a 5 star meal.  BUT we didn't really come for the food, we came for the show.  There was a live drag show through the meal.  We must have come on Bachelorette Party day because it was our group (3 guys and 3 girls) and probably 50 other ladies with Bachelorette Parties.  We even made a drinking game out of guys entering the restaurant.  I would recommend The Country Club to anyone that wants to start a day of binge drinking off on a fun note!
Keywords: Vegan, VegetarianWow! An amazing oasis away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. We went to County Club on our last day for a bachelor party that happened to coincide with Coolinary, NOLA's restaurant week. Had the blue crab bisque and the pork and it was to die for. The portions are pretty hefty so I would go halfsies. The pool was fantastic and the food and drinks at the pool were great! Definitely go back! Had a lot of fun!Over cooked burgers, unfresh french fries (sitting on the fryer too long). Not a destination for bar eatz....Though bartender was hospitalble, prices not wad blowing. Maybe a summer visit to the pool area may make up for a bad first impression.We ate here for brunch on a Thursday. The Bloody Mary's are amazing and the shrimp with grits was delicious. I moaned with every bite!!My friends and I took an Uber to the Country Club, there was no way we were walking here from our hotel on Canal Street in the evening! We arrived and found seats immediately at the bar and it was all fun from there on out!
Nathan the bartender was excellent in explaining happy hour to us and guiding us through the food menu. I had the Pork Poutine Tots and I almost put in a second order. The feta cheese and pulled pork are a pairing I would never have thought of myself. And tater tots are, of course, all the rage in kitchens today.
The best part was the trivia game at 8pm. Hosted by a local entertainment company, it was 4 fast paced rounds of questions. Not the sort of trivia game that drags and you just want it to be over. The hosts encouraged bribery through buying shots. When my friends and I won the first round, our prize was a bottle of champagne. When we won the second round it was free passes to the pool out back. Who says bribery is all bad?!
After trivia ended, we explored the pool area out back with the aforementioned passes. There is a sizable, heated saltwater pool, a hot tub, an outdoor bar that was closed on this chilly Monday night, and a changing room with sauna. There were only a few of us out there that night so we had the run of the pool (and yes, it's still fun even now that you have to wear clothing, which some people warned me was a bummer). We frolicked in the hot tub and pool for about an hour before getting one more for the road and headed out to explore the rest of the Bywater. 
The Country Club is an excellent spot to get away from the crazy of Bourbon St or the loud jazz of Frenchman, have a casual cocktail, play a friendly game of trivia, and relax in the pool.We were told about this place by multiple people! We went for a late dinner and we were excited to taste some good food at a great price!
I got the fried green tomatoes napoleon--appetizer-- and my wife got a burger. The burger was yummy and the fries were browned perfectly and crispy.
The fried green tomatoes were on point! Not only were there fried green tomatoes on my plate, I had fresh mozzarella and red tomatoes with fresh basil. It was an Italian's dream. My mouth is watering thinking about it right now. Before the server even came back to check on us, my dinner was gone. 
To drink my wife tried a dreamsicle type drink. She really liked it. 
We did not get a chance to enjoy the pool but I've heard that it's pretty awesome.Way to bounce back. Y'all killin' it! 
Food is incredible. Service was flawless. 
Maybe one too many fat old naked dudes by the pool, but that is hardly the bar's fault.OHMAHGAWD.
The prom night you always dreamed of, but never had till now...
Just go. Trust me..........Country Club has long been a local favorite of mine, because I have always had excellent experiences with their food and drinks and staff -- plus the hot tub, heated pool, and sauna in the back is a total gem. But tonight I stopped by for a birthday cocktail and swim, and the very kind bartender comped my drink and spa admission! Yet another reason to love Country Club. Also try the brunch... it's unreal.Turns out they randomly close the pool down when they feel like it. We just came in at 11:15 and they wouldn't let us back because they said we "could t possibly want to pay $15 to go in the pool for less than two hours." We said we were happy to pay for just an hour, and they offered us drinks instead. Not cool,  no thanks.
***update, we went back the next day and had a pretty good time, with no issues. Fun place to spend a hot day in NOLA.Great food, good times! Can't say enough about this place. I think for any visitor to New Orleans this is a must see place. And don't bring the kids. Weather was simply perfect for our visit. I would recommend coming on weekends as its definitely a great place for people watching.I love these guys. Again, Wendy the host rocks the socks off of that place. We didn't have reservations for a party of 7, but when I couldn't get a hold of everyone, we just asked for a "Walk in table for 3" and were immediately seated and served by Tony--who also is just...the best. Well, I get a text after we order saying my friends were on their way. I jumped up to notify Wendy asap, because accommodating a party of 7 is a pain in the butt no matter where you work. I could tell at that moment we did frazzle her a bit, but she and Tony MADE IT HAPPEN. Our friends arrived and our food was hot and delicious and our bottomless Mimosas never hit bottom until end of brunch service at 3pm. Fantastic as always.Yes!!!!!!  Go go go.  Best experience in Nola hands-down.   Drag brunch every other Saturday. The ladies were so lovely and friendly!  Mimosas were fresh, not overly OJ-y. Food excellent to boot!  Mango shrimp salad terrific!A must when in NOLA. The food was as amazing as the service and ambiance. Attended a Saturday brunch with some friends and family -- we all agreed to stop by again when we are in town. I'm use to the East coast brunch scene, but the this did not disappoint one bit. Our waiter gave us her fav plates and even some things to do out in the town. Only wish we had made it to the drag brunch, but there is always next time.So great come here awesome drinks food people ambiance.i am a total prude and can hang here!when are you coming?I used to eat here for free because my boss knew the owners and the one dish that stood out to me the most was their amazing mac and cheese. It's rich, creamy, and overly indulgent-three factors that make it the perfect cheat day meal. I'm raving about the macaroni that they serve-but honestly it's all good (from the chicken salad to the French fries)!Was told about this place by someone at our bed and breakfast. Best time we had in New Orleans! Drinks we cheap, Pool was nice and Food was Great! My wife myself and another couple were down to relax this past weekend and I cannot say enough about how cool everyone was there. We will be back the next time we are in town! A must visit in NOLA!We went for the Saturday drag brunch. Just an all around good experience! The food was great. I had the fried green tomatoes and eggs and I loved it. Best Brunch I had in New Orleans. The performers were so much fun and the bottomless mimosas were an awesome deal. Good for large and small groups. Also the interiors were gorgeous!I have ate here 2 times, the first time we had a full on dinner. And it was pretty good. But the second time we ordered from he bar menu and bam out of the park. 
Great bar food, the boudin was fantastic.Adore the Country Club! I love it so much I don't even want to tell you how awesome it is so that this magical little place may retain it's "hidden gem" motif... but if you're feeling adventurous strip down (if you want), get in the pool, and soak up the sun! The bar tenders are all really nice, the music is good, and the food is tasty if you'd rather just eat in the lovely restaurant front. Either way you'll leave with a smile on your face :)Such a cool and unique place. I was fortunate enough to have a friend tell me about the Country Club, otherwise I'm not sure I would've stumbled upon it on my trip to New Orleans. To all you visitors, come out to the Bywater and check this place out. Bring your bathing suit!If you're going for drag dinner/brunch and bottomless mimosas/wine here are my opinions. 
The entertainment is TOP NOTCH and enjoyable and worth sitting at the bar to watch. As to the food eaten and the alcohol offered as part of the "show package," please keep reading. (On a side note, I waited 2 hours after arriving home from a drag dinner to post this to ensure it wasn't my initial impression)
The wine is a box wine and absolutely abysmal (I understand to make money it cannot be fantastic wine, but it could be better than what is offered),and I recommend ordering by the drink unless you can handle/enjoy very low label alcohol which will make you much happier.
The food was mediocre and overpriced.  I tried all of the dishes that the people at my table ordered and would not recommend any of them.. This coming from multiple visits there before a "show package" meal and always thought highly of the food. No longer would I recommend anything.
The service was extremely slow. To emphasize, we ordered our entrees (three of us out of 5 only had appetizers) and it took over an hour for them to arrive. And again NONE of them would I recommend to anyone; unless fast food is your normal fare (if that's the case l, then you will enjoy all that I tasted this evening). Our server offered to comp deserts for everyone (which I chose to decline as I had not enjoyed the food to that point and saw no reason to subject my pallet to anything further). They arrived and were just as unimpressive as the food.  Overall, for 5 people and $120; there are many other restaurants in NOLA that I would recommend before the Country Club again.  I'd recommend almost anywhere else, even fast food and spend your money on over priced drinks somewhere on Bourbon and you'll be much happier with you're overall price point..
I final review: if you're looking for a different place than you're stereotypical "gay hangout" to enjoy a great drag performance, than by all means, please attend at this venue. I just personally recommend you eat somewhere else, sit at the bar and pay by the drink (like you would at any bar), and tip the entertainment VERY well.  I was so unimpressed and unhappy with the food I didn't even bring home the rest of my appetizer that I ordered because I didn't want to be reminded tomorrow of my displeasure of and price paid for the food that I ordered.Great HH place in the Bywater, has a pool for members only. The place has been updated and has an attractive front porch to sit and sip on. The restaurant looks inviting. We went there for HH with a social drinking club. Was a good time.OK so I really love the country club, but this is NOT a place for everyone...AT ALL!! For those who've been here, I don't need to elaborate. For those who haven't - ask a friend or find out on your own. But, I must say the food is pretty good here (minus the cardboard pizza). The atmosphere is fun and unique and the staff is friendly.I had an absolutely fabulous time at the Country Club yesterday!  We went for brunch and sat at the bar.  The mimosas flowed, the food was fabulous and the drag queens were even more fabulous!  Our service was excellent and the price was right!  They even handed out tasty deviled eggs as an amuse bouche when we first got there.  I would go back any day for brunch!The Country Club is a big gay southern hug. 
The staff is amazing, the food and drinks are great and the famous adults-only pool area is something everyone should experience at least once. 
If you're nervous about coming don't be. Nothing about the Club is oppressive or intimidating. The staff and patrons are incredibly friendly and everyone is there simply to have a good time. 
If you're in NOLA you should come check it out. It may be the most fun you have in the city.It's been about 9 months since the last time I was in New Orleans, but I think about my experience at The Country Club almost daily. It was a warm Sunday morning and my partner and I were looking for a pool since our accommodations did not have one. Luckily, we stumbled across this place and were treated to top notch hospitality. There were only a few other couples in the restaurant as we sat down for breakfast. I ordered a fruit and yogurt type thing that was delicious, and then swam & hung around the pool for probably 2 hours. It was a heavenly oasis in the morning after the craziness of a Saturday night. I plan to go back here every time I'm in town.I FOUND HEAVEN!!! This place is EVERYTHING!!! 
Let's start by saying they are FAMILY FRIENDLY! I felt at home!  The look is so nouveau! If you are it and want to feel alive, Come!! Make sure to make a reservation. My girls and I stumbled upon this lovely establishment and was lucky to snag a seat!
They also have a pool and resort style area, hence the name, Country Club. I will have to do another review during my next visit to NOLA!
The food!!! The food was delicious! Our group wasn't a huge fan of the Bodludin Boulettes
 But, everything else was awesome! We sampled everything! Lol! I can't forget about the BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS!!!!!
Soooooo I can't wait to return! Until then...#Kisses #Smile #EatGoodWe went here for brunch and after meeting the hostess, I knew I was going to love this place. The servers were incredibly kind, funny, and eclectic. They were full inside but offered us a spot outside where they served us pretty fast. I got the Fried Green Tomatoes and Eggs and I STILL dream of that meal. The tomato butter mixture they make is incredible and it's worth ordering just for that. They portions weren't terribly huge, I was pretty hungry 3 hours later but the quality of the food certainly made up for the smaller portions. Recommended!Here's the thing, prior to one month ago I seriously would have given The Country Club 5 stars. No joke. This place was my absolute favorite hangout on Sunday afternoons, the bottomless mimosas are wonderful as well as a bargain. The bartenders are usually nice (although, when it gets busy it can take quite a few minutes to get a drink, by the pool area at least) and the waitstaff are pretty good (Brennan is a doll! Love him). Here's why I'm leaving a "meh" review.
A girlfriend and I went to The Country Club on a Sunday about a month ago, ate in the dining room with some friends and ordered bottomless mimosas. Wonderful food, great service and we even got to-go mimosas for the pool... so great! We exited the restaurant to the pool area (there's this one bearded, scruffy guy who checks IDs and searches bags that is kind of brash, but we won't worry about him right now), where we opened tabs at the cabana bar and enjoyed ourselves by the pool and hot tub areas. I continued to order drinks on my tab throughout the day.
After a couple hours, my friend and I went to the cabana bar to get refills. The bar area was a little busy, but not super packed or anything. After about 25 minutes of attempting to make eye contact, possibly get served or even acknowledged by the bartenders, etc. my friend finally had to say "excuse me" politely to the bartender named Frankie (the other bartender left in the middle of us attempting to get drinks). He immediately comes over to us and says, "I'm sorry, I saw you guys talking and thought you didn't need anything." We let it slide and ordered our drinks. It took him five minutes (he was stopping to talk to other patrons while he did it, I'm sure the "excuse me" may have ticked him off) to make them. When he gave them to us, I told him the name on my tab. I picked up my drink, went to take a sip and before I know it, he's taking the drink out of my hand.
Uh, okay dude. Thanks for snatching it out of my hand with no warning. He says, "Don't have that tab open. It's after 5, we closed it out and it's at the inside bar." He proceeds to take the other drink, as well as the shots we ordered, and throw them all in the trash. His tone was definitely more than a bit snippy. I tried to look at him and ask him why he was acting this way, but I was ignored, as was my friend who was similarly shocked.
I know that The Country Club has a "thing" where they close out inside tabs of people going to the pool area after 5pm, but there was absolutely no announcement of the outside bar tabs being closed after 5pm. Not one. But, whatever. If Frankie felt the need to be rude to me, that's alright. I wasn't going to let it ruin my day. My friend and I went to the inside bar to settle up, we intended to get our cards back and return to the pool area. As we're signing our receipts, my friend says to the inside bartender (some built, attractive guy, have no recollection of his name), "Is there a reason that the bartender outside was so rude to us?" to which the inside bartender replies, "Well, it's a busy day."
At that point, I look him right in the eye and asked, "Are you serious?" I will also note that there was a "manager" (older guy with shaved head and polo) who heard this entire conversation and said nothing. When my friend asked for the manager, polo shirt dude acknowledges us and we explain the situation, to which he says, "Well, I'm sorry."
Yeah. We immediately packed up our stuff and left. I don't think I've ever been spoken to more rudely in my life. The ONLY one who had some sincerity of an apology was the scruffy, bearded security dude who actually apologized to us as we were leaving. I seriously thought on writing a Yelp review for the past month since this has happened because I felt bad dissing the place, but this was such a letdown, especially after all the good times I've had there. That's honestly the reason why I didn't have it in my heart to give 1 star. Maybe I'll go back someday, but after that debacle, it'll most definitely be a while.After making reservations weeks in advance for a Sunday morning on arrival the hostest could not find our reservation. The sheet she was looking at was a paper filled with messy handwriting so I guess I'm not surprised, but they were still able to accommodate us on the porch which was fine since it was a beautiful morning. Food was fantastic, and they kept up alright with our bottomless mimosas though I thought 20$ per person was a little much.Chill atmosphere! Music is great! Ambiance is nice! I really like what they did with the remodeling! Lay by the pool and relax!Fun exterior of a building that looks grand in the neighborhood and the street in particular. The bar in the back of the building looks nice, and the front dining rooms look airy. As for the drinks: hey, happy hour has $3 gin and tonics. What more should I say? The thing that could take this place down a notch to three stars is that people with way too little clothing for their age would come in from the pool to the bar.This place is awesome, I dropped by on my visit to New Orleans and felt so comfortable. Thursday nights are ladies night, which was my jam. $3 well drinks and friendly people.
I enjoyed the clothing optional swimming and everyone seemed really chill about it. Never experienced a bar like that before, it was great! I will certainly be back if I ever visit New Orleans again.If you're in nola for vacation, Def check out the country club! It's a great place to relax. The pool is saltwater!! Get there early if you like to actually swim as, later in the day, the place becomes a party. Also, the food is phenomenal.No nudity anymore and the grild cheese is teaxs toast big...if i wanted a loaf of bread with my cheese, i would go to sams club.What a great brunch! My friends took me here for my birthday and it was amazing. Fantastic food, great service, and a wonderful show. We loved it!!!!!Atmosphere, service, & food was excellent. 
We were greeted by a wonderful hostess, who after our meal gave us a tour of the place. It is a real Country Club - salt water pool and all & a 24 person hot tub!!! For a fee $15 a day you can use the pool and all it facilities.Super laid-back (pool area with a very nice-sized pool is clothing optional) with great food and drinks at reasonable prices. Mostly cool, down to earth totally nonjudgmental crowd.Went on a Sunday afternoon.  The brunch menu was short and full of classic brunchy dishes at reasonable brunch prices.  "Small plates" does mean small though, you might want to get a side with that french toast.  I recommend the grits because they make GREAT grits (is it weird to get excited about grits?)  Service was a little slow, which wasn't really a problem except I kept finding the bottom of my $10 bottomless mimosa.
I wasn't sure what to expect from the rest of the place, having never been to a clothing-optional club.  I was impressed!  The bartenders are topless and waxed and oiled and beautiful.  The pool area was full of people in various states of undress, mostly minding their own business or chatting at the bar.  There was some europop style music going in the background but nothing instrusively loud.
Even if you didn't plan on going for a swim, you might as well check it out because you don't need a suit and clean towels are only $1.  Just borrow some sunscreen, OK?The food has definitely become a strong selling point for me at the Country Club. Great staff, food and ambiance.Great atmosphere, very generous portions. I was there for brunch with friends. I had the Beef Debris w/ poached eggs & hash browns. The bottomless mimosas were great also.Naked swimming. Yes please. Definitely one of my all time favorite hangouts in Nola. In the summer time you can find me there multiple times a week. The atmosphere is great. Everyone is really accepting of each other so that's a plus for the clothing optional aspect. They have a great happy hour and its ladies night every Thursday!
The bartenders are great. The pool area is so relaxing and a great place to just wind down and have a good time. 
I've eaten of the bar menu once and was wholly satisfied with my meal. I am still waiting for a chance to go for brunch because who doesn't love bottomless mimosas! 
If you are open minded and like to have a good time I would definitely recommend this spot to you especially on a hot New Orleans day!Sitting at the bar is a great way to go at most restaruants, but especially pays off here on a Sunday during football season.  Take advantage of the endless mimosa offer, they never let your drink get empty!  The bartenders are very friendly and the crowd is great here.  When the Saints score a touchdown, free shots all around at the bar!  The food is amazing, especially the mac and cheese.  Took a bit of time to get our food but definitely worth it.  Plan to spend some time here, so much fun!Really fun place and great staff. But for spending hours their and a lot of money they make no effort to be generous in a free drink or anything. I think after 6 hours and $200 total it would go a "short way" to give a free drink and not expect the patrons to be paying for shots of the already drunk bartenders.Friendly, beautiful bar and restaurant. It's a gay bar but everyone is welcome. They show football games and play good music. There is a pool in the back you can swim in naked if you want for a fee.
But really friendly bartenders. A nice place to relax with friends. Great brunch!Great food and atmosphere.  Service could have been better. Recommended by the St James Hotel, good callThis is a unique experience, not only in New Orleans, but in the entire U.S.  It's a restaurant with high quality cuisine, a bar with top-notch bartenders, and a private "resort" in the back that includes a swimming pool, a 15-20 person hot tub, a cabana bar, dry heat sauna, outdoor and indoor showers, as well as a lot of area to lay out and a cabana bar by the pool. If that weren't enough, there are usually masseurs standing by, if you so desire. This all happens in an 1850's mansion in the Bywater neighborhood just downriver from the French Quarter and Faubourg Marigny. The food prices are very good in relation to the quality you receive. The chef is a Louisiana born Cajun boy trained in France. The seafood specials are always spectacular and very fresh. The soups are quite amazing and creative.Food: good
Service: good
Ambiance: trendy / cool
Came here with a group of 11 (girls weekend) and we all loved this spot! The interior is STUNNING and they do a drag show. So much fun. The food is also great (portions big). I got the fried green tomatoes with eggs and it was cooked perfectly. Wish we had time to stay and hang by the pool, but will come back next time I'm in town. 
Make sure to check out the women's bathroom too! Sounds strange, but just do it!Unfortunately we didnt experience the drag brunch but we enjoyed our regular brunch immensely. We were 8 picky girls and the food, drinks, and service were perfection. Try the truffle Mac n cheese! Portions were huge! Tony and the rest of the staff are awesome. Can't wait to go back next time we're in town.So.. my husband and I came here on one of the many extremely hot days of our one week vacation in NOLA. It was recommended to us by our airbnb host (who lives locally). The Country Club is a hidden gem: it's very tastefully decorated and designed, and it had a casual, friendly atmosphere. It only cost us $12 each for the entire day, which we thought was reasonable. We liked that there were lockers, a sauna, and showers. The pool area was beautiful: large pool with floaties to use, plenty of chaise lounges, wonderful hot tub surrounded by nice landscaping, outdoor bar with friendly bartenders and CHEAP drinks during happy hour!! We also liked that there was a restaurant inside where we could order food and take it out to the pool area. One other perk: no children allowed! The pool was nice and quiet and relaxing.. no screaming or splashing... ahh.. so nice.
The things we didn't like: The changing area in the locker room was co-ed! It posed an immediate problem when my husband walked into the changing area and a girl was naked from the shower.. It created an awkward, uncomfortable situation!!! We also didn't like that there were cameras everywhere in the changing area... AND.. inside the sauna. We understand that there was an assault here and they were put there for security measures, but at the same time, it felt like an infringement on our privacy. I changed in the stall provided, because a camera was pointing straight at me in the main locker area. Also, they charge for towels.. We brought our own, but you would think that a pool you pay to use would provide them. In addition we didn't like that smoking was allowed in the pool area. Everyone was smoking except for us, and I have allergies/asthma, so I had to keep moving around to get away from the clouds of smoke that appeared continuously. I also want to add that it is a shame that Country Club is no longer clothing optional. It would have made for a more unique and enjoyable experience, had it been that way. It seemed strange that there were cameras everywhere, but the security was very lax otherwise.. the security guard who was there ended up going swimming in his underwear, and sitting in the hot tub on his iPhone. Not much security going on. However, we would recommend coming here to relax and beat the summer Louisiana heat!I love this place. I have never had a bad experience here! I recently had my birthday brunch here and as always it was fabulous. Upon approaching The Country Club it just makes you feel all extra Southern or maybe it's just me! 
Food: For Brunch I can't go wrong with the Chicken and Waffles... I love that chick and waffles with the Steen Syrup.  When I first taste that syrup it changed my life forever I think. I will never be  the same after. I can't get it enough on a Sunday Brunch.
Staff is amazing.So friendly and wonderful.
I just love this place.Had drinks by the pool. Sunny, relaxed, friendly. The other guests were easy to chat with. The cocktails were tasty. We found it clean and inviting.I don't know of a time where I had this much fun and enjoyed every last second of my visit. My best friend and I took a trip to NOLA, and while I was researching where to go I stumbled upon The Country Club and the fact they do a Drag Brunch every 1st and 3rd Saturday of the month. Just our luck we were there for a 1st Saturday.
The staff: Exceptional!!! So friendly, and attentive to your needs. Our server was great and made sure our $10 bottomless mimosas were always full. The hostess was so wonderful, and helped  us with getting a cab and giving us some good recommendations on where to go.
The Food: HOLY COW! YUUUMMYY!!! I got the chicken and waffles and I was very much so happy with my decision. There were some great options so it made it tough to choose from
The Queens: I'm in love!!! What a great way to start your Saturday morning. They were great and put on such a fun show. They totally interact with you and make it so fun. We even chit chatted with some of them after the show
The Crowd: Even better! Everyone was just having such a great time. Towards the end of the show we joined a table of fun people that were celebrating a birthday. They let us have a big dance floor party for a few minutes which was great. 
If you are looking for a good place to go food wise as well as fun and entertaining, YOU MUST go to The Country Club. You will not regret it.Alas. Second visit was a complete DISASTER...
A good friend and I meet in New Orleans every year for a few days of food and fun.  We had the time of our lives at the Country Club when we visited last year. However, today's visit was marred by poor service, gross people in the jacuzzi, and a "nickel and dime" policy for amenities that were previously free.
Sad to say that this once-fabulous oasis has dried up.  Won't be back.I was the MOH in my friends wedding and she had 20 (YES 20!) girls at the bachelorette in NOLA. It was rough finding many places that had availability for that number of people. I am also obsessed with brunch (preferably bottomless) since it's such a big trend in DC so I was determined to find one during our NOLA visit. The Country Club was a little bit away from the Bourbon Street hype and was the only place we had to take a cab to and from aside from the airport. However, I am so glad we did! This place was adorable from inside out, a converted house and they were so accommodating to our big group. The food was very good and they kept the bottomless drinks coming. The waitress was attentive and worked with us on the bill since we had so many people. We did not realize it was a gay bar until we saw a young man walking around practically in his underwear... haha but it was in the bar area and it did not bother our group (even the moms) most of us thought it was hilarious. Despite that, there was a diverse group of people there in general so we didn't feel unwelcome or out of place. If you love brunch and are in NOLA, (and don't mind possibly seeing some cheeks!) you must visit!This is the cutest place on earth. Went here for brunch with a bachelorette party and we had a lovely time. The decor is to die for, excellent service and the playlist was lit. Lox bagel was underwhelming but the truffle mac made up for it.Amazing vibe. Gorgeous pool. Food was delicious. I would absolutely recommend coming here if you're in NOLA. Staff was really nice. We came here waiting for our Airbnb to be available and they let us chill for hours.Y'all...this is my happy place. We discovered The Country Club by accident, on our way to a restaurant that wasn't open for about an hour or so. We ordered a few amazing appetizers, and then decided we'd return the next day for brunch and a swim. Brunch was tasty: we shared a few salads and I had the chilaquiles. The pool is wonderful in the winter: a great way to relax and recharge after a long night out. I will absolutely come back here.We just finished a really good brunch. Unlimited mimosas were tasty. We ordered the chicken tortilla soup as our starters. The soup was flavorful but it could have been served at a higher temperature. It just a temp or two higher than warm. Next I had the shrimp and grits and he had the crab cakes Benedict. Yummy for both of us. Once you get passed the fact that the grits could have been warmer the food was very good. The sausage definitely made the shrimp and grits a good meal. It had just the right amount of spice to carry the dish. My boyfriend's crab cake Benedict had perfectly poached eggs with hollandaise sauce and home fries. Once again very tasty. We also order a separate waffle. And while it was very tasty, it was $8.00. Are you kidding me!  It was only a waffle. It didn't even come with strawberries or whipped cream. But I can't complain too much, it was still an enjoyable experience. Oh and as if we didn't eat enough we also decided to indulge with a slice a German chocolate cake. It was worth it. Only thing that would have make it better is if they would have had vanilla bean ice cream. Darn. 
Our bill came to $65 for the two of us before tip. A little pricey but if you stay on the brunch menu you will not be disappointed. 
Almost forgot the mimosas were awesome. Just the right mix of orange juice and champagne. Hoping I don't have a hangover tomorrow.Great bar, great food, great atmosphere, great people, and AMAZING new interior art and decor. I thought I couldn't possibly like this place more than I already did, but they've taken it to another level.Came here for the drag brunch as well as the pool! Drag brunch was very entertaining and we had so much fun. Food was DELICIOUS and bottomless mimosas were generously poured. Great service. We paid to have a day pass to the pool afterwards . At fish we were disappointed that there were not enough chairs but once we got in the pool we never got out! It was heated and very comfortable. Drinks were. Little pricey for the size but overall we had a great experienceThe food was amazing and the staff very friendly. I had the crab cake and poached egg and side of friend green tomatoes. It was all amazing. I also tried my friends' chicken and waffles, truffle Mac and cheese, grits and polenta. Everything was delicious.