Just tried this place last night for the first time. In one word... AMAZING! Cool family friendly atmosphere. Clean & great staff! Some of the best pulled pork that I've had. We enjoyed our food so much that we went back again today. I highly recommend the pulled pork sandwich & the cheese covered tater tots with pulled pork on top! YUM!Love this place.Came in for the first time on Saturday afternoon for lunch with my hubby.We both decided to try their house specialty Sloppy Joe with Fries.OMG we both enjoyed the hell out of them.My hubby enjoyed it so much that he ordered a second one.I also tried their Frose' which I REALLY enjoyed.We loved the food and service so much that we went back again on Thursday for dinner.This time I had a kids meal with my favorite,a Frose' of course .This is definitely now one of our favorite spots....will post pics next visit.Really good vibes and a cute atmosphere. Employees are so helpful and nice. Food was amazing. I got the pulled pork sandwich and I highly recommend it! Such a great place!!We are visiting from California.  My 93 year old grandma thinks I'm amazing because I can pick all these wonderful places to eat when we are on vacation (thanks yelpers everywhere)   Another great find.   At first entering, I was a little hesitant because I had to greet them, not the other way around.  But after breaking the ice,  the young man at the register was a wealth of knowledge about the area.  Now, the food was amazing.  We were a large group, we all had something different. It was all excellent.  The fries, taters and sweet potato fries were cooked to perfection.  They put a twist on sloppy joe.   So interesting and tasty.   Sad I didn't order that.   Overall, perfect setting and food.  Kids even played for a few minutes before we left in the play area outside.  Had it been cooler we would have eaten outside.  Thanks for the excellent food.  WHEN we get back this way we will return.I am sorry! I wish I could have taken pictures but I was just too busy eating my fantastic burger...
I have been recommended to try this place out many times and I decided to give it a go last night.
First of all, it's an order at the counter and they bring food to you kind of place. Staffs are very nice. I was sitting at the patio and they kept coming to make sure everything was okay.
Then, the burger...BEST Burger I have ever had!  I had the Pimento cheese burger with grilled onion, mushroom and jalapeño. It comes with two burger patties and the cheese just melted into all the toppings and the patties, and it was just out of this world!!!! I also ordered tater tots on the side and it is a perfect combination!!!
Also, one more best thing about this place, their back yard actually has a playground for children!!! Yes, a playground!!! So I will definitely bring my child here next time!!!We stopped here for our first meal in New Orleans, and we were amazed at how delicious the food was! I got the house salad with grilled chicken - the salad was fresh and tasty, and the chicken was seasoned/cooked perfectly. Other friends got the tuna and brisket sandwiches, and were very happy with them. The wait staff was incredibly friendly, and all the food was ready very quickly. The backyard patio was a great place to hang out on a beautiful afternoon!The perfect place to satisfy that burger craving. Great atmosphere, delicious burger! Love the taste and all of the fresh ingredients. Service was excellent. The gentleman at the front was eager to walk us through the menu and tell us about the specials.
I gave 4 out of 5 stars because it is a little pricier than I would have liked. But not too expensive enough to keep me from going back!Came here for a Sunday lunch. They were busy, but not overly crowded. My fiancé and I got an order of their wings to start, which were really good. The flavor was excellent and the house made blue cheese was a nice compliment. Any complaints are they they are a little pricey and they serve the wings whole, which can make eating a little difficult. Would be better if they separated them into the different pieces. We each got a burger with pimento cheese and bacon and an order of sweet potato fries to share. The burger was pretty good, though definitely of the backyard grill variety (thin and cooked well done). The fries were also pretty good for sweet potato fries. Can get a little pricey, as all of the burger fixings increase the cost.I just want to say thank you! Our school had an event on a Wednesday night and a bunch of families wanted to get together and have dinner. I called ahead to let them know we were going to be a big group. The owner returned my call personal phone to let me know they would be happy to accommodate us! We had a dozen kids running around the play yard and parents enjoying each other's company. It was such a stress free and easy evening. We did not have to worry about offending other patrons with our rambunctious kids! The staff was so pleasant and helpful! Love having The Backyard in our neighborhood. Thanks againGreat Food and Great Folks! We've always had a very pleasant experience. Good burgers and great service, what more could you ask for? I've seen some negative reviews regarding price, I'd challenge those people to name a less expensive place in lakeview to eat?They have a great lunch special but oddly enough, don't have baked beans or macaroni and cheese on the menu. My grilled chicken sandwich was very flavorful and the bun was fresh and delightful. There are two kinds of BBQ sauce, both are vinegar-based more similar to Carolina style but it's not on the table like other condiments. They do have really cute outdoor seating.I stopped in based on reviews and I must say they were very good... Seasalt on the fries really bring the taste out... The beef has a very good flavor... For $15-$17 I will say it's worth it...I've been eyeing this place up for a while now. Being in the neighborhood the other day, me and the Dude decided to give it a try.  I had the brisket sandwich, which was delicious. I would love to have them offer burnt ends.  I probably could have eaten a second sandwich, it was that good.  Full of brisket and the shaved fresh onion gave it a nice bite.  The Dude had pulled pork and fries. Meat was moist and smokey. Definitely will be back to try other things on the menu and give some of the house cocktails a whirl.I work nearby and this is one of the places we make sure to visit on a regular basis. The grilled chicken sandwich, as simple as it is, is transcendent. Getting the Hotdog with sloppy joe mix and pimento cheese, shouldn't be as good as it is. Everything they do is really top notch, and totally family friendly.It was really fresh but honestly just tasted like eating a straight up salt block. Like I couldn't even finish my burger it was so salty.Perfect place for great burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads, and drinks! Very cool atmosphere. Best service in NOLA. Our food was delicious and prepared very quickly. Even though it's a casual place, the staff was more attentive than some of the big fancy restaurants in town.
The outside looked like a great place to bring kids.
You should eat here!Cool concept, kid friendly neighborhood restaurant where you can have an adult beverage while watching your kid play on the backyard play set.   Sure, there is even a big shady oak tree for your summer sipping!  The only thing missing is the menu.  The crew and owner seemed ready to rock with their full menu of burger, hot dogs, or chicken sandwich with choice of 4 sides, hand written on plain paper.  $40 bucks for burgers, fries and drinks for three served in plastic baskets and clear plastic solo cups, awesome!  I think they have a ways to go and better move quickly.  Seemingly, a proprietor of a new establishment would be properly prepared when opening  during one of the busiest seasons in the business.  Sparse esthetics and menu with little value, but a great place to drink while watching kids on the playset.Great neighborhood burger place! The sides are all hand cut, burgers are delicious, and wings are smoked and flavored to perfection. Great for kids, there's a nice jungle gym with picnic tables for outdoor seating in the cooler months.Great hangover food. I created my own burger and couldn't have been happier with the results. Their menu is also greatThis is a great new family dining option in lakeview. They are still in their soft opening, so they don't have a full menu yet. So far I've tried the burger, chicken sandwich, hot wings and homemade chips. All were delicious! 
The best thing about this place is the atmosphere. There is lots of out door seating and a play area for the kids. They have sidewalk chalk available for them to draw on the wooden fences and picnic tables and seating for the adults and children.  
They have wine and a nice selection of local beers on tap. It's really a perfect spot to unwind with the kids in tow. There are even changing tables in the men's room! 
The only negative things I have to say will likely be fixed in the future as they work out the kinks. We were there later in the evening and the sun was still up when we sat down outside, but by the time our food came it had set. It was super dark outside, so we had to lug everything inside to finish up in there. They also don't have to go boxes only paper bags which was pretty messy with my leftover hot wings. :) 
I highly recommend The Backyard especially if you have kids. It would be great for non-kid folk too they have bar type seating on the front porch away from the playground.*Note: This review is about the pet friendly policy and pet accommodations.
They fully embrace pets and try to accommodate them. My one struggle was the pet area had only bar stool type chairs. Water was available for critters and they welcomed my mutt. I wish they had better seating for us both but I'll take the wins where I can.I ordered from The Backyard via UberEATS a while back and was very impressed with the flavor and quality of food! Today I visited again and invited my mother along, we both ordered the sloppy joe sandwich and again was impressed. The flavor of their smoked brisket is very good and the mix with burger is perfect! The man who took our order and made suggestions was very fast and courteous and took very good care of us. I will visit again soon!I really want this place to succeed. Everyone here was super nice, and concerned about my satisfaction. I ordered the burger because of some of the reviews here and I was not dissappointed. The handmade flat top cooked burger was delicious and topped with house made pickles, and I opted for the house made pimento cheese. The pimento cheese was amazing. I ordered a side of tater tots and scooped some pimento cheese on top of those (don't judge me). I asked for the garlic aoli on the side and I could have drank it, because it was that good. My wife ordered the hot dog and it was plump and amazing in its own right.
The back yard area here of course is a great draw for children. I loved sitting at the "spool tables" in old aluminum folding chairs. It felt like you were at a famly cookout. They do have healthier options, which looked amazing. Maybe a little more expensive (~$14 for a "combo") but the fresh ingredients and for everyting to be homemade makes this place amazing.Rudest wait staff I have come across in the city of late. Fist time going so a group of us was looking around also had a child with us. He goes and starts to play. Ask a server when they close just so happen in 10 min and she said said someone would be with you soon. Guy comes outside said "you going to order it's not a free playground" we decided to leave and maybe never go back.This is a pretty cool looking venue with a nice patio area (AKA "Backyard" area).  After sampling the bbq brisket, burger and chicken I would have to say the brisket is definitely the winner here.  The guy at the register told me he thought the brisket was better than the Joint's which he was a bit off as I would put it in second place to the Joint and then I would also recommend they start offering it as a BBQ plate option as all you can currently do is get it as a sandwich.  The burgers and chicken sandwiches are ok but for the price didn't really impress me other than during their lunch special they offer.  You also get quite a selection of sides with regular fries, tater tots, sweet potato fries, potato salad and cole slaw all being offered at an unfortunate extra charge.  For my dinner trips this place has never been that busy and food was brought out fast while at lunch (when they offer their combo special deal that should be an all the time deal) the place is packed and food delivery was quite a bit slower.  So if you have a short lunch break this might not be the best option when this joint is crowded.  
Overall I would say just get the brisket and enjoy it.Went to The Backyard on a fluke today...forgot my lunch, then went on Yelp to see what is close to my office.  I had the TUNA BLT and sweet potato fries.  Both were DEE-LISH!  The tuna was smoked, sushi-grade tuna make into a salad on bum with Bacon, lettuce and tomato.  Simple GOOD.  Sweet potato fries were super hot with flaked (maybe sea) salt.  I also ordered the Key Lime Pie, which I had to have, since it seems I'm on a kick...good stuff.  Very creamy...decent crust, but needs more butter...hehe.
I've got to try the Boom Burger next time.  They had me at TRUFFLE OIL.After waiting at the DMV for hours... we drove around looking for a place to eat and have a drink. We found the Backyard.What luck! Delicious burgers excellent service and a really cool owner. Can't wait to go back for the brisket!Wanted to love this place as its so close to home base ... But 
It's too expensive for average food. We paid 3 dollars for 10 tator tots. 
It's will not be on our regular rotation.LOVED this place! Took my daughter for dinner and she had a blast playing with other children there!Went on Sunday with the kids.  Great burgers, very kid friendly (outdoor jungle gym, picnic tables and adult beverages).
Highly recommend.Not crazy about the burgers they're using.. and they stopped using the eggs to put on their burgers which was definitely my favorite part of this place. I know they just opened, but they still have a lot of work to do.First time here - limited menu for now but their burgers look great.  I ordered a special for the day - grilled gulf fish sandwich - fish is marinated in a mole sauce, then grilled and topped with a mild slaw.  Nice grill on the fish fillet and the fries were righteous.  And, they play my kind of music!  I'll be back with my hubby!5 stars for the concept and the owner. Very family oriented in the literal backyard, an urban vibe for inside dining and a cute pet friendly porch in the front - every area has ample seating.
There is no table service here. You order when you walk in the door, get a number and your food is brought to you. The staff is nice and answered all questions. 
Be aware - everything here is ala cart. 
We choose to sit at the counter. The kitchen was so close the staff could hear our conversation which was pretty great - a very amicable crew. 
We started with the smoked wings which were huge! The smoke flavor was delicious as was the dipping sauce. But I found the meat too fleshy and the skin a little too chewy for me. 
I got the single patty burger with pimento cheese and bacon. I was very impressed with pickles of all things!! I'm not a huge fan of dills but these were awesome! Not too sour - just the right fit for me. The burger was juicy.  I would rate it as ok. 
The husband got a pulled pork sandwich and loved it!!  He enjoyed the coleslaw that topped the pork, which was smoked for 24 hours, and it was off the hook according to him. 
My daughter selected the chicken bites from the kids meal. Lots of bites and fires. She also got a tiny fruit cup - 2 bit sized slices of watermelon.  She loved every bite!
The kitchen was busy but the chef, who turned out to be the owner, made time to chat with us over the course of our meal. 
We ended with a trip to the backyard. My daughter had a blast playing on the playground equipment. Tons of picnic benches, lawn chairs around giant wooden spool tables and some pint sized tables for the kids created a warm environment. It was just turning dark and rows of sting lights popped on making it even cozier. 
If your a sports fan there are TVs everywhere  all anxiously awaiting the LSU game. 
We will definitely return to the Backyard and I would recommend it if you are looking for a pleasant dining experience.Great burger and a good menu selection for a lunch spot!  Location location location it's kinda tucked away, but close to home so easy for locals!Stopped in for a late lunch. Atmosphere seems good but it was late afternoon so not many people in the dinning room. I had the burger w/a side of potato salad. My wife had the smoked tuna BLT w/a side of potato salad. The burger was very good and my wife called the smoked tuna BLT "outstanding". The reason I gave The Backyard a four star instead of a five is the potato salad and no fried egg for the burger. Potato salad is a common side in New Orleans and usually mustard based but this one tasted more like cold mash potatoes with eggs. They need to add salt, pepper, dill relish and maybe try a little mustard. It may be just me but fried egg on burgers are very trendy now. It appears they have eggs in house because they are in the potato salad. It would be a nice addition to the extras to have a fried egg as an ad on for the burger. Overall great place to grab a bite. I'm sure we will return.Friendly service with a nice selection of local beers. Currently, on tap was beer from Covington Brewhouse and Tin Roof. We ordered a pulled pork sandwich, sloppy joe sandwich and an order of tots. 
Pulled pork was piled on and came with some coleslaw on a buttered bun. Flavor was great. Sauce on side was not needed. Sloppy joe sandwich was made with ground beef and brisket. It was delicious. Only wished for more pickled veggies on top. 
We really liked the food. The atmosphere is great with a large outdoor area that has picnic tables. Plenty of fans and big TVs. We'll be back.Came here with my brother and one of my friends to eat and have a few drinks. The burgers were amazing and they have six or seven different draft beers that are local and really good. I wish I had gotten the guys name that worked the register - he was awesome. Def stop by here if you get a chance.A great place for parents to take the kids and have some good food...Also a few good local beers on tap. 
I have to recommend the bomb burger with crinkle cut fries.The food is amazing. Pimento cheese dip and smoked tuna dip, I definitely recommend.
Danielle was super helpful with my order and the service was off the chart. I now have a new favorite place.Went here with the family yesterday.  I ordered a cheeseburger and sweet potato fries.  They usually sell the burger in 2 patties I said one.  Now I know why only 3.2 ounces.  It was so tiny and tasted like a Wendy's burger.  Absolutely nothing special.  Dad ordered grilled chicken sandwich and regular fries.  he raved about his chicken and the fries were good.  Mom had the sloppy joe.  Not so good at all.  She couldn't eat it.  They had some type of spice or something in it.  Needs work.  The backyard is nice for kids.When the best I can say about this business is that I ate here and didn't get sick, that's not saying much. 
I ate here, and I didn't get sick. 
Here's a few more details about why I think this is a 2 star operation:
- Ordering is chaotic at best, downright bananas at worst. Where is the line? What is the line?
- Food runner is a total dingbat. She walked by us 4 times then denied that our food was, in fact, our food. She literally ran away from us at least once. Also, she was openly sobbing for about half of the meal. Not sure what's up with that, but no one took her off the floor or comforted her or anything. 
- Their prices are right up there with folks like Stein's, Part & Parcel, and Brugger's BBQ...but their quality is right up there with folks like "end-of-day food from the hot bar at Rouse's." I'm sorry, but the quality doesn't stack up to the prices. My dining companion picked so much fat off her brisket that she had less than half a sandwich left in the end...and she ordered the lean cut. 
- Children. Screaming, howling, kicking, biting children. I'm so glad that parents of such feral beasts have a place to take them, but it felt like Chuck-E-Cheese minus the whiff of stale urine and desperation. I should never be kicked on purpose at a restaurant by a child who is there with 4 adults, and yet. And. Yet. 
- The general air of desperation in the staff was palatable. Perhaps this is because I am also in the service industry so I can recognize misery faster than folks who aren't, but it was miserable knowing that I was also adding to their misery. 
I will not come back unless the parent of a semi-feral child (note: not all children are lucky enough to be semi-feral) requests some facetime with me in a way that I cannot turn down. 
Accessibility notes: assholes often park in the handicap spot "for just a second, geeze." No Braille menu or signage. Inside space can get loud at peak hours. Doors open out. High and low counter for ordering. High drink machine.The concept is great and totally unique to New Orleans.  My son is out of the toddler phase, but you don't know how many times I wished for this when he was younger: a place where adults can relax and sip drinks while the little ones play!  I can't really judge the food other than the hot dog kid's meal, and that was on point, with at least 3 servings of crispy hot tater tots, and a pretty-solid jumbo size grilled angus beef hotdog on a potato roll.  There are several craft cocktails, which they put in giant tumblers for outdoor sipping.  The indoor atmosphere was a nice surpise as well!  It was really cool and modern with high-end reclaimed looking finishes.  As for the backyard part of things, you can smell the food grilling, enjoy the drinks, and have fun without the stress of looking at your own backyard, which probably could use some fertilizer, truth be told.The overall cost for my tiny sandwich, a side of cole slaw and a soda, was $15.97. What a rip off... 
I am very disappointed with this place. I was so excited to see a new restaurant in lakeview especially since I live in the area. From the outside it looks pretty good.  I ordered the sloppy joe and brisket sandwich and it was totally tasteless and kinda watery. The serving portion is tiny, there must have been at most 2 tablespoons of sloppy joe and brisket combined. The bread was the cheap hamburger bread you find at winn dixie. Even the server apologized about the bread, he said they were out of their normal bread. Then I ordered a side of cole slaw, which I returned for a refund. It was totally bland and tasted like cardboard.  Cole slaw is easy come on... Honestly I felt like if I ate it I was going to be sick so I returned it.In-house smoker produced nice pulled pork, brisket and smoked tuna dip, the kid's hotdog was  well above average.We stopped in on a whim. I think the playground in the backyard will be great as it gets cooler. They also have some great local beers on tap. The food was just okay and for the price. Its one of those places where the fries cost extra when you order a sandwich. The main problem though was that they gave my 3 yr old a burnt grilled cheese. It was the kind of burnt that any normal person would throw in the trash and start again. Gordon Ramsey would be very upset.Very good, tasty burger. Beers are too expensive though, $6 for a pint of Parish Envie.Burned 'charbroiled' burgers with soggy buns.  Third visit to this lake view venue will be the last.The beef brisket is AMAZING.  Great ambience.  Perfect if you have kids.  Drinking a beer while the kids play.  Great local beers on tap. Watching a game  the TV's outside. Love5 stars for their burgers, prices, and inviting atmosphere! 
The ground beef is high quality and toppings are fresh. They use homemade pickles on their burgers and those alone are delicious! 
Sweet potato fries are only $2.50 and can definitely be split.Smoked tuna dip ($8), smoked chicken wings(4 for $12) and the boom burger($12 but no fries) we had and it was yummy... nice atmosphere outside with plenty of tvs for sports.Pimento cheese app with homemade chips is off the charts. The Boom Burger is absolutely delicious . Great, casual joint.The food and atmosphere here are great! Great for families and friends to hang out, grab some grub, and laugh! Make sure you grab a burger and ask Kandice or Eric to make you a Moscow mule, they're the best bartenders ever!These might be the best wings in the city. And I'm a dude who tries to eat wings wherever they serve 'em. The wings here are smoked, not breaded, and HUGE! Ridiculously good. Also had the brisket sandwich, which was absolutely awesome. When we went in, there were only a couple of other customers and it was super laid back. Some people have talked about it being chaotic or full of kids, but I didn't run into that. Also, if that's a problem, you can easily take your order to go. Beer and cocktail list was on point. Would definitely recommend for anyone looking for super good BBQ fare off the beaten path.Unbelievably great wings (huge and flavorful)!  Also has a nice selection of local draft beer on tap.I read a piece about this place right when it opened, and I was intrigued about the concept. How many times when my kids were young and screamy did I stay home and cook when I really wanted to go out for dinner. Well The Backyard is your answer.
The idea  is basically a casual camp-like restaurant with good food options with an adjacent play area outside. Not the disgusting pit of dirty balls at McDonald's. No, a backyard  with typical play equipment. The kids we saw were having a blast.
The food is great. We ordered a pulled pork sandwich and a double burger with a side of tater tots to split. The sandwiches were way above average. The pork was smokey and flavorful if a little dry accompanied by a too small dressing of good coleslaw. The amount of pork on the sandwich was amazing.
But the burger was the star. This was a double patty, grilled over an open flame, served on a decent bun, dressed all the way. It was as good as any burger in town though again the bun was a little on the weak side. An excellent touch was pickled onions which were delicious. 
This is a fun place and highly recommended. I will def be back!this place is a good restaurant. the burgers, dogs and fries are very good and are worth the money and a solid 4 stars. couple that with a playplace for my kids to run crazy, eat on the run and burn some energy, this place is great! the service is VERY attentive and nice. our order came out fast (very important for kids) and was correct. 
they have a respectable local brew list and a well stocked bar for the adults. 
all in all, we've been a couple times and it is consistent. don't hesitate to bring the family down for a good bite.I love this place! The bartenders are awesome and the pulled pork is REALLY good! Make sure to tip your bartenders! This is a regular restaurant, but the bartenders do everything, so they work for tips too! Highly recommend the pimms cup! Ask for watermelon with it! One of the bartenders did that and I loved it!Its like you're in your backyard but more expensive. 
Great char on the hotdog.  Relish not listed on the toppings but they do have it if you ask.  Potato salad was a bit too mashed for my liking.  
1 Hot dog, 1 beer (on happy hour), and potato salad = $12I love their grilled chicken sandwich! Awesome fries too. Great spot to bring the kids to play outside.The food is way overpriced for what it is. It's decent food,  but the prices are very inflated. The screaming children wasn't pleasant,  but I can't blame them for that. 
But the service is why I'm giving them an even lower rating. 
 One evening, I noticed that the guys working behind the counter were very rude, like they were mad at us for some reason?  Didn't crack a smile,  rolled eyes, etc. Little John hated us for some reason, lol.
 I thought it was just me, but when my very sweet friend told us that she politely went back to pick up something she ordered & they gypped her out of it, and when she inquired about it, they were mean to her - I knew it wasn't just me.
.....Just be nicer to customers.
- Negative NancyJust noticed it's been a year since I posted my first review here - Time to update - many visits in the last year and The Backyard is consistently a great place to grab a bite. My favorite is the Farmers Market veggie burger (The Farmers Market Superfood veggie burger with beets, mushrooms, whole grain & black beans, served on a wheat bun with mole glaze, pepper jack, avocado & lettuce.) Yum! I had that again today and the hubby had a hot sausage sandwich, we split an order of fries and couldn't come close to finishing all of the fries!Went looking for something new to try out and we found this place. We review tons of places and I can assure you that the 4 stars given by other yelpers, has to be lies or they dont know what a good burger is. 
Kids meal, regular burger, 1 alcoholic drink, fries. $30. Would have enjoyed a Wendy's Baconator for way cheaper. 
Burgers were thin and med-well and no flavor. Just meat, toppings and bread. Fries were fries, nothing special. No A1 saucesnor Heinz 57, come on its a burger spot. The atmospeher was great and clean, huge TV for sports and even outside tv on the porch. We didnt go outside to eat, due to rain. Playground did look small, and flooded in the rain. The Rum Fruit Punch was horrible. Its a new biz, so they are still working out some issues, I hope, if not good luck. 
The place is like a buds broiler, so they better do something different to set them apart from grilled burgers, a barkyad playground is not going to cut it. Really worth 2 and half stars. 
Staff was superb, very attentive.I stopped here for an impromptu lunch with someone I was meeting with in the area. The space is trendy and bright. I can only imagine how lovely it would be on a sunny evening with kids for dinner. They have a nice beer selection for the parents and the playground in the dining area in "the backyard" is a clutch amenity... at least for those with kids. As for kidless adults, I'm not sure how enjoyable it would be out back. 
The food left much to be desired. The pimento cheese dip was okay. I was intrigued by the sloppy joe on the menu. I ordered it and was fairly impressed with their house sloppy joe seasoning, but the pickles were not my favorite. The bun was fluffy and fresh!
I wouldn't go out of my way to eat lunch or dinner here, but if I'm ever back in the area, I'd definitely consider it again.I checked in between lunch and dinner on a week day, and found the place nice and quiet, with only a few patrons around. You order from the bar and pay first. The burgers are double patty with a wide cheese selection. The meat is flame broiled and has a solid smoky flavor. Sides include sweet potato fries which come with cracked sea salt and are great. The staff was very friendly and laid back. I never got the you're-finished-now-get-out-of-here vibe.One of the best burger joints in NOLA!! Great burgers and a nice selection of local beers on tap!!!I cannot throw enough high fives...this place and the folks who run things are the best! Delicious and fresh food, creative and yummy drinks, awesome outdoor atmosphere, above and beyond awesome service...they get all the stars - and hearts! Oh, and they're very eco-conscious, too. 
A great place to get work done, meet clients or have an organic Frosé...or three with friends.It was awesome for my son!! It was his birthday and so I wanted to go somewhere i have never been before that had a play yard area instead of the traditional McDonald's. I ordered a burger and my son had the kids meal Grilled Hot dog. My burger was delicious! My son grilled hot dog though made me jealous! Geesh!! It was nicely grilled and charred a lil just how I vision a grilled hot dog. It was juicy and flavorful. The Cole Slaw wasn't all that but that Dog made up for it!! It was really good, honestly better than my hamburger. I also had a margarita something cool named and It was good as well. I wish I would have went during the day so i could sit outside but that is OK i enjoyed my time inside. However, my son had a great time on the lil jungle gym they have located outside. He was climbing , smiling and just being a kid. I really enjoyed this place and I will be back!!Went in for lunch and we had smoked pimiento dip with bacon for appetizer, the Zeus burger and a regular burger. We enjoyed everything we had and it's our first time going here and we will definitely be back. The chips for the dip were a little salty but everything else was solid and delicious.The Backyard has a great casual ambiance, like being at home but not having to do the dishes. Like the blue collar outdoor seating and lights. A projector screen on the wall would be awesome come football season, and outdoor speakers  ( noise ordinance?) and maybe small table fans to help keep flies away. Playground is great to distract kids. Had the burger and it was indulgent and awesome. Fiancé had the hot dog and he said it was solid. Love the coleslaw but potato salad would better with mustard. Great prices and like the local beer selection. I hope this place does well. Great for families or an after work beer.This place is a gem. I went with a group of girls after the Harrison Ave. Stroll. The food was so yummy. I had the regular burger with pimento cheese. So good. We also had the deviled eggs. The eggs had such a wonderful crisp salami on the top of a yolk with a slight flavor of a muffaletta olive salad. Wonderful. The pimento cheese on the burger,  homemade. It truly reminded me of my childhood growing up in Texas. Everything I would have had at any amazing BBQ.Pretty disapointing. Expensive for what you get. The burned my daughters grilled cheese and seemed to use the outside sides of burger buns for the inside of the sandwhich. Because a grilled cheese is pretty hard I guess. Guy seemed high and impatient taking our order. Good beer thoughThe food was great, the service was prompt and friendly. A little pricey but the food was worth it. If you want a good burger this is the place.Very friendly staff, quick service and very large servings. Great charbroiled burger with plenty of cheese and bacon. Pulled pork sandwich so loaded with pork that it won't fit in your mouth. Great neighborhood burger joint.Can not compliment the staff enough. Very mic and accommodating.  Plus the beer selection is on point (Covington, Parish, Louisiana only.). When you do arrive, ask for secret menu items; namely the Mooink (half moo half oink). The only thing missing for that 5th star is the fact that inside is pretty warm due to the exposed kitchen...  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.We love this place! The food is delicious, the atmosphere is great, and the playground is priceless. It's so wonderful to be able to come out with our daughter and meet up with friends over drinks and good food. Even our childless friends enjoy the backyard! The addition of fans outside makes the NOLA heat a bit more bearableDelicious food, great service, and the staff were very helpful. I had the sloppy joe and they make it from the burnt brisket ends. Best sloppy joe I've ever had!Love this place! I got the burger with fries. I added cheese and grilled onions. It was delicious. My friend got the pulled pork and tater tots, which were also good. The sides are big enough to share so when I go back I would only order one. Also love that they have Barq's Creme Soda!I finally got to try The Backyard today for lunch and was very impressed. The food was great and the service was very friendly. What a thoughtful concept and great addition to the neighborhood.So now I know where everyone is hiding!!! This place has some really awesome specials and the Food is what hits the spot! Iove that after a certain time, kids are NOT allowed.
This spot is the place to be for anyone in the area! If not? Just über home because you don't want to miss out
I can't get over the pulled pork or the smoked tuna! SMOKED TUNA,  GIRLS!!!  
This is the beginning of an awesome spot and if you aren't a regular by now...whats wrong with you?Great food and very kid friendly!!! The chicken sandwich was awesome and the homemade chips and dip were delicious !!