It's was okay service was a bit on the interesting side as the person was new. Food presentation was good though they need to either add rice or more potato salad to the gumbo. Sprite was flat but I didn't need it anyways.We were strolling the French Quarter looking at Yelp and trying to decide where to eat. The hostess was at the open door welcoming passers by, I was hesitant but then took a look at the menu and decided it was worth a try. The decor looked updated, new and clean. There's a cool shaped tile along the bar and floor.  We learned it is a new restaurant. The picture of the deviled eggs on Yelp caught my attention but I ordered the chicken sandwich. It had yummy crunchy chicken and cole slaw in it, plus grilled sourdough that made it just right for me. The blasted Brussel sprouts - among the best I've ever had with fiery jelly, a great taste on it. I choose the grits because I wanted a real NOLA meal. There was corn in them and I think it made them tastier. My husband was happy with his NOLA pasta. We had a nice meal thanks to Yelp and the hostess. I hope they stick around so I can go back for the deviled eggs.The food here is amazing, the pricing is very affordable, everyone was very friendly. They have welcoming people there everything was amazingThis is a pre-review review based solely on the reviews I have read.  I am very impressed whenever a restaurant takes the time to respond to reviews.  It shows me they are dedicated to service.  No restaurant is perfect all the time, and not every employee is diligent.  But, the Governor's management's responses are direct and to the point.  I will certainly be stopping here my next trip to NOLA (in 5 looooooong weeks).Party of four, the female bartender had a HORRIBLE ATTITUDE. She complained openly how thin her patience was and complained to the other bartender about how people were getting on her nerves.  We ordered breakfast my order was the wrong meal, so our waiter re input my order. A hour later my party was finished with their meals and my food never came. I left upset and hungry!!!! Absolutely no way to run a business and no effort to fix the situation, highly dissatisfied and disappointed.Service was good, the Parmesan Chicken was tender and fried to perfection, wasn't too oily or greasy either. The bar tenders and GM were a pleasure to visit with, we popped in just to get out of the sprinkle of a Saturday afternoon shower and turned out to be a great experience!First impression not worth the hype of reviews. Waited for about 10minutes after I was seated before anyone came to even offer me a drink. Only person that did was the bartender. The tables on either side of me were served, but I was ignored. Bartender, she was very nice and attentive.
Food is meh. Not worth the pricesFAVORITE RESTAURANT IN NOLA! (so far anyway lol) Great service, amazing food. we went twice in in two days. The chicken and waffle is absolutely delicious. Their fig and blue cheese dip with pita chips are awesome. Honestly, everything we tried was really good --- including their drinks. A great spot for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. even if you arent into seafood, you can find something you'll enjoy.We were looking around the French Quarter for a family friendly spot that had good air conditioning ( NOLA is freaking hot and humid in August, especially with a fussy 16 month old!) And we totally lucked out at Governors. The staff were so friendly and understanding, made our little one feel good, and served up some great food and drinks. Special mention has to be made to the manager Bobby - he makes one of the most authentic  Sezeracs I've had in new Orleans. We just had the deviled eggs with oysters- absolutely great - perfectly cooked oysters! I could recommend this place more because of one big reason- attention to detail. Thanks for  a great experience!So I'll start with the positives... The place is super clean which in the french quarter is kinda hard to come by and I love the decor and all the old photos
I had the eggs Pontchartrain and split the french toast with my husband. Both were REALLY REALLY good.
The manager, Olga, was on top of her game and super pleasant. 
Now to the reason why I only gave 4 stars... Seems like they may be under staffed in the kitchen? Or maybe all the staff is new? I'm not sure. We sat upstairs but not on the patio but the waitress seemed overwhelmed with the tables outside and we were sitting for nearly 15-20 minutes before she came to the table. The manager got us our drinks and took our food order before the waitress ever made it to us even though she was told by the manager that she had another table. 
Our food didnt take extremely long, but longer than i feel like it should have and there were others who complained about the wait for food being like 35-40 minutes... I feel like its still a new place and still working out the kinks but my overall experience was good so if you can go knowing that and be understanding and patient, its definitely a place to put on your list to try. We will definitely be backI would have to skip this one on my next trip. 
It was a Wednesday night that was not busy.
 First when I arrived, there was a gentleman who approached me and said "Remember to take care of me and tip me on your way out." I wasn't sure what he meant as he didn't do anything. 
Second, I've been eating my way through the area and I found it odd that I was asked if I had a reservation. 
The food was good but nothing worth coming back for. The Oysters were average, the Brussel sprouts were good and the fried fish was good too. LOL beware, the menu does say fried lemon that seems to blend with the fried fish. Yes I ate a whole fried lemon slice thinking it was the fish. 
The odd guy from ealier actually worked here, cleared one dish from my table and wanted me to tip him. It was a very uneasy dining here for many reasons. 
Happy Eating!I happened to just be passing by and decided to stop in. I'm so glad I did. I enjoyed my food and I particularly loved the white chocolate pudding cake. The staff was very attentive.Absolutely LOVE this place!!!! Very great service!! Had the pleasure to meet the kindest woman ever, Raven, she knows great places to go to while visiting New Orleans and can make a mean drink!! Had amazing fried oyster deviled eggs they are so freaking good with a spiked lemonade!!! Hope anyone that comes here gets to meet sweet Raven!!Breakfast and brunch at The Governor is a wonderful experience. The service was attentive, informed and delightful. 
I had the Les Bons Temps Rouler Stuffed Omelet ($13.00)
Which has Crab & Shrimp Cake, Blackened Shrimp & Trinity, Remoulade Hollandaise, Sourdough Toast. Delicious!!
My wife had the Eggs Bayou Lafourche ($12.00). 
Blackened Shrimp, Sautéed Spinach, Capers, Mushroom & Tomato, Poached Egg, Remoulade Hollandaise, Sourdough Toast. She barely left me a bite, but that was also wonderful. 
I will likely hit this again tomorrow, it was that good!The Red Beans and Rice are out of this world.  I stumbled upon this place during a rainstorm and am so grateful for the rain that day.  It was a happy accident that led to my favorite meal from that trip.Great place to eat! Food was good and CiCi took care of us like we were family! She made sure we were good multiple times and immediately corrected any mistakes.OMGoodness!  We literally stumbled into this place because of its proximity to the Marriott on canal.  It's was close, and we didn't want to be our far in the rain!  What a great find this was.  The food, the service, the drinks were excellent.  I later found out it's new to the French Quarter... they have found their niche.  Go!The atmosphere was nice. We dined on the balcony but there were no lights, so we were fortunate the sun had not completely set so we could read the menus. Food did take a long time to arrive. The shrimp and crab cake sandwich was excellent. The fried chicken sandwich was nothing special, the chicken was good but the rest was just OK. Service was good and attentive, however, we were the only ones on the upper level, so that was expected.I came here because I passed by while walking around in the French Quarter the day before their grand opening. I decided to try it out a week later and was so happy that I did. The food was DELICIOUS! The fried gulf fish fingers were amazing, as well as the shrimp & crabmeat Claiborne dip. And I also had the peacemaker sandwich. These were all recommendations from our waitress who was super friendly and spot on with everything. The waitstaff was very friendly and always checking in on us. I highly recommend coming here, this is the sister restaurant of Creole Cafe. Will definitely be back the next time I'm in town....I was crunched for time and wandered in around 2:30pm.  The staff was very friendly.  I asked about ingredients - I unfortunately can't eat dairy.  They made sure the sauce I had was dairy free and gave me a side sauce of honey mustard just in case.  The food was DELICIOUS! I had the crab and and shrimp sandwich - I would travel back to NOLA just for the sandwich.Great gumbo and crab cakes! Stopped in for oysters but ended up loving the gumbo and crab cakes even more. The ambiance is average and the service was adequate, but the prices were much more fair than many New Orleans locations. Would definitely give it another stop when returning to NOLA.We came here off of a recommended source. From the time we entered the threshold of the door we were greeted with a smile and sat immediately. We had drinks, "the blaze" and "pear mimosa" which were both very good. We only got oysters for a quick snack. We got backed and raw. Both options were good and fresh. Overall great visit and very friendly, knowledgeable staff. Ask for a window seat, the people watching was the best part.Oh boy, where to begin?
Sat and ignored. Poor to very poor attention given on a Monday night. Was our waitress sick? 45 minute wait for appetizers which arrived at the same time as the meal. This even though we ordered the appetizer 30 minutes earlier?
We asked that the meal not be served at the same time but out waitress just mumbled something about her manager told her she has to serve the food now. Brussel sprouts served cold (I don't know if that was supposed to be that way?)  I feel that it was a shame that we have 48 hours in New Orleans and we had to waste two hours on this experience. The food was ok but I would recommend just taking pictures of the paintings on the walls and go somewhere else to eat.Went here for lunch the week it opened and wow what a wonderful surprise! We stumbled across The Governor one night and were beckoned inside by one of several greeters out front. We were headed home for the night but were handed a menu that looked interesting so came back the next day. For those interested, they have an all day brunch menu and I now know why.
Brian was our server and he was delightful. He gave us his recommendations on his favorite menu options for each section. 
Among the starters, The fig and andouille dish with pita chips reminded me of a tasty take on a fig pizza. The deviled eggs with fried oysters were among the best deviled eggs I've ever had. 
For mains, I had the omelette with shrimp and crab with a delicious roumelade and the best creamy grits I've ever had (I don't want to know how many calories must be in that dish). My lunch companions enjoyed their dishes as well. 
We're debating going back this week to further explore the drink menu and get some desserts.If I could give 10 stars! I would! Tasha's beautiful personality and face brought us in last night. She's a very sweet service manager! Our server Garland took amazing care of us. He was polite, and listened well. Definitely a tour guide! My friend and I are both so picky, so after explaining to him what I do and don't eat, he picked my meal for me as a game so I had no clue what I was getting. I had the crab cake and shrimp sandwich with potato salad, it was phenomenal! He also let my friend know her choice was good for her. We both left happy and full.
So tonight we swore we'd eat some where else, but we ended up right back at The Governor! The service and food last night was so good we knew we could enjoy dinner again! This time we had Ti as our server and she was so sweet and accommodating! She didn't seem the least bit annoyed at our being so picky. Garland wasn't even our server tonight but had remembered us so he stopped by our table to see how everything was, he even remembered what we'd discussed for dinner the previous night! Tasha was also here again, and made us feel at home as if we came here every night. I definitely recommend this restaurant for affordable, delicious food and quality service! FABULOUS SERVICE AND DELICIOUS FOOD!The service was incredibly slow. When we first entered, there were empty tables. However, the waitress asked the hostess to hold off on seating her. It took 20 minutes to get the first drink we ordered. The other drink we ordered took 40+ and didn't arrive until after our food. The food also took a good 35+ minutes. It had a good flavor and presentation, but parts  were cold by the time it arrived.Another great local restaurant here in the Quarter. The menu is great with little twists on classics. The drinks menu is no less impressive with little tweaks that make for unique and brilliant drinks.
Breakfast all day, good food, great people.We were there for just appetizer which included crusted artichoke hearts with marinara sauce, also spinach deep with crab cakes, all dishes were good. The service was excellent!!Great food! Great Prices! Great staff! If you're in the area check out this restaurant. Ask for Manager Tasha or server Tish!I reserved a group dinner for my Canon Photography Workshop on Saturday, May 19 at 1:00 pm for 21 guests, which was wonderful. The service was superb, the staff was professional, friendly and made our visit memorable.
When I visit again in November, I plan to reserve a group dinner for my team again as they LOVED the food, the decor, the hospitality, and the overall expereince.  KUDOS to the chef, the hostess at the front of the restaurant and the fun people who helped out our FANTASTIC server.  I forgot to get their names, but they were really a class act.  LUIS should be very, very proud of his team!
A MUST visit on your next trip to NOLA!Stopped for a cocktail and was met with a super fun bartender!  I had a few craft cocktails but if the food is anything like the bartender, CiCi..... I will be back again and again!!!Great food!!!! But the service is ok. Waiter was slow. Get the chicken and waffles and the loaded with pork potatoe bowl!Yum!!! I don't remember the name of the potato appetizer we had, but it was cheesy, potatoey goodness. The bartender made me a killer Moscow mule. I had shrimp Clemenceau, which the waitress recommended. My husband had red beans and rice and let's face it, in New Orleans, that's on every menu, but he said it was so good he could have licked the plate. Served with fried chicken and whole sausage, cut in half long ways. They serve breakfast all day and the French toast my kids had was topped with pecans and brown sugar bits. I stole some, it was pretty tasty. Wait staff was very attentive and didn't seem bothered at all by the fact that we brought three kids into a trendy French Quarter restaurant. They all played with the baby. Bathroom was super clean and well air conditioned, which is rare in the quarter, that in itself warrants 5 stars!We had terrible service during our trip here this past weekend. We waited about 45 minutes for mediocre, lukewarm, BURNT food. The manager only addressed ONE table in a crowded restaurant to ensure they were having a good time, bypassing at least 10 tables with people waiting unreasonable amounts of time for their food. The table busser did a better job serving us than the wait staff did, which was ridiculous. When we got the manager's attention, to let her know what a good job our busser was doing, she VERY unprofessionally disclosed to us that "he has a disease, Aspergers. So he's a perfectionist" which had NOTHING to do with the compliment I was paying the ONLY person who tried to make sure we enjoyed our meal.New restaurant, visit New Orleans a few times a year. Had the Election Day dinner. Fantastic everything.  Highly recommendCircumstances brought my friend and I here, but both us of were so glad we did!
Okay, so full disclosure: this wasn't our first choice. We wanted to eat next door but there was a wait. My friend didn't want to wait so we looked here and were like, "okay, sure".
We were greeted by the most lovely host who took us up to their second floor and sat us near a window. It was a rainy day, but it was still nice to sit and look out the window, even if all you saw were raindrops.
So we ordered our breakfast.
Naturally, I went big and got the Governor's breakfast: Three eggs cooked medium, bacon, pork sausage (patty), andouille sausage link (NOLA loves it's andouille sausage), choice of two sides and toast. My sides were potatoes and fruit. Why I didn't get that sweet cream corn grits is beyond me. My friend got it and it was amazing.
The food was served quickly. Everything was cooked perfectly. The waiter was super attentive even though you could tell her was slammed. Great service.
A day or two later we walked by us and the host who sat us recognized us, stopped us and asked us about our trip. She was the absolute sweetest. An interaction like that really makes the difference. Makes me want to come back there every time I'm in NOLA, that's for sure.Had a wonderful late lunch here, they are in a really nice corner in French  Qtr.  They have a good variety of Cajun Creole food and the food is very good and decently priced.  Service is very friendly, and they have a good number of tables as well as a bar that you can order food and drinks and watch the game.
For an appetizer we ordered the deviled eggs, which was really good as they also included caviar and a fried oyster, which was crazy and amazing. Highly recommend.
I ordered the duck and andouille sasuage gumbo, which was as rich and tasty as it sounds.  Duck is an excellent addition to gumbo and I don't know why more places don't offer that.  The smokiness of the sausages and the flavor of the duck was awesome.  They also throw in a scoop of potato salad which I hadn't seen before, but was good to offset the rich gumbo, that had a small amount of heat to it.  I also got the shrimp clemenceau, which was basically a hearty seafood stew filled with shrimp and mushrooms and corn grits, which was amazing.  It was really something I enjoyed and would definitely get again.
Great service and food, it met all my expectations.  Convenient location in the French Qtr, I wish them the best success.  Will definitely come back.We tried to go to Cafe Fleur de Lis for breakfast, but they were closed for the day due what appeared to be an emergency. I air boxed the sky because it's one of my favorite places to eat breakfast. This place is next door and it was raining cats and dogs, so we decided to wait the 30 minutes for them to open. Yelp showed us that all of our other faves had waits well over an hour.
The doors finally opened and we were the first seated and last served. How? I asked our server as well as the manager and they both told me that they didn't know why or how it happened. If you don't know, who does? No, really. Who?
My meal finally comes and has the nerve to be cold. It was this strange red beans and rice soup with a piece of andouille and fried chicken swimming in it. Who came up with this and why? Who asked for this? The beans lacked flavor and were soupy. I was suffering from the night before, so I tried to eat it. I couldn't get through it and left 3/4 of it. Hubs' pasta was a tiny portion and he said it lacked flavor. He ate it because he needed to. 
The manager stopped by and offered us a dessert. It was more of a punishment than a perk. The brownie was bland and the ice cream was meh according to my husband. My taste buds had been offended enough. I'll save my calories for Cafe Du Monde. 
It appears that this place is brand new. I can't say I'd give this place another try. There are amazing places to eat in the quarter. This is not one of them. Let my experience save you the time and energy.The food was just amazing. Plain and simple. My friend had the eggs pontchartrain and decided it was so delicious that she would eat in silence to savor he flavor. Lol. I had the pork potato bowl and the flavors were jumping out at me. It was delicious and I look forward to my next meal. The waiter was friendly and kind. Stop in for a bite and see for yourself.Enjoyed their spinach and artichoke dip with a crab cake on the top.  Had never thought about serving that way.  Added another layer of flavor!  Had a couple of cold beers with it!  Great late afternoon snack.  Will be back to try more of their menuIn New Orleans for a week and dined here 3 times. Love the authentic menu. The atmosphere is that of a family welcoming you home. Any chance I get to return, I'm sure to find a Blaze in my future. Thank you to the staff for taking such good care of us.Wanted to dine at Cafe Fleur de Lis, but the wait was too long for my patience and appetite. I passed by The Governor and the host greeted me so I decided to double back. There was no wait as there were many open tables and a bar. Overall, the brunch menu is semi limited, but it's served all day every day. I ordered the Eggs Pontchartrain for brunch. One egg was hard boiled and the other's yolk didn't run. While I've never experienced a well done poached egg, let alone 2 I'd give Governor's another try. 
Staff was nice and friendly, bathroom was clean and while there was no AC, the doors were open which provided a nice breeze. I'm not sure what the situation would be when it rains.The hostess was very sweet and even offered to take our pic when she saw us struggling for a selfie. Our server , the bartender "Ci Ci" , was genuinely happy to serve us. She recommended my plate , which I forgot what it was called but omg it was so good! I don't even like runny eggs but it was poached perfectly and paired so good with the crab cake! Cici also recommended the corn grits and cubbed potato sides  which were sooo good as well. All together great meal & service. The place was very clean and has charger ports by every seat at bar.
It was hot and muggy out so the place being nicely air conditioned was a plus !Brand new, very courteous staff, some hiccups as they are brand new but the food was worth it, and we're patient peeps.
Favorite dish the deviled eggs app with the caviar and fried oyster.  Stuffed omelette was good but not as good as wife's chicken and waffles.  Burgers looked fantastic.  This place will make it and I'd visit again.So we were waiting for our friends to be done with a tarot reading and found this place and decided to walk in to just hangout for an hour. The hostess was very welcoming and pleasant but we just wanted to sit at the bar. Our bartender was Cici and she made the experience very memorable in all the best ways! She felt us out to see how formal she needed to be and was respectful and pay the RIGHT amount of attention to us. I will definitely be back and highly recommend this place!We came in on a rainy night based on the reviews.  It did not disappoint.  We had the Chicken and Waffles and the Red Beans and Rice.  Both were delicious.
The chicken and waffles had a fig syrup that made it even better.
The red beans had an andouille sausage and the jalepeno hushpuppies that added the extra kick.
Cant wait to try it again.Wait staff was extremely friendly, food was amazing!! Had salmon with Brussels sprouts, sweet and russet potatoes w pork belly was a hit. Really good oysters!Excellent excellent excellent. So we weren't initially planning to go to this restaurant but the staff standing outside the door was so incredibly sweet. This was one of the best restaurants we went to all weekend. The food was really good and the service was spectacular. We were all recovering from bourbon street debauchery from the previous evening and the food here was PERFECT. I highly recommend the French toast.Nice place. The tequila was smooth and the food was delicious. Staff is young but caring.Food was great, it was a nice little spot. What was noteworthy was the service. KIA was amazing. The service industry is hard, but she provided exemplary service and she did it all with a smile!!!Walked in on NYE and were seated and served right away. Service was friendly and food was outstanding. Ordered the blacked chicken po boy...sauce was perfectly spicy and chicken was tasty!We saved this place for our farewell to New Orleans dinner and we were not disappointed. The waiter offered wonderful and tasty suggestions from their menu and was ever present making sure we had everything we needed. If I ever come back, this is a definite must.Was walking down the street and decided to stop in here for lunch and we're glad we did. Delicious food and fast service, especially at the brunch/lunch time when a lot of places were filling up quickly. New, fun spot. Would recommend to visitors.Brussel sprouts appetizer was REALLY good. Jambalaya was really good. Chicken and waffles ok. Pasta Nola good. Shrimp po boy wasn't my fav.The place is nice, nothing extraordinary. Food is OK and service is really bad. Came here for brunch and order a plate that included fried egg, the plate came without the egg so I told the person who brought it to please bring it... long story short I had to ask 3 people and wait 15 min for a fried egg (apparently no one could find the waitress ...) The food was cold by then, no one apologized. The restaurant was almost empty (2 tables) but the stafseem to be checking their phones, missing, or chatting with each other. Find another place, there are plenty of restaurants with great food and good service in New Orleans.Based on the reviews, we had high hopes for this place. However we were really let down. 
We didn't think much about it at first, but the table behind us had to ask for their check 4 times. They were repeatedly told it was coming. With each additional time they asked, they were becoming more visibly frustrated. 
I ordered chicken and waffles and my wife ordered an oyster and shrimp sandwich. My waffle was cold and my chicken was lukewarm. I commented to my wife that my dinner would have been outstanding had it just been hot. She replied by saying the exact same thing. Our waitress never came back to check on us, so we both just kept picking away at our plates. By the time our waitress came back (with our check) we had pretty much eaten enough to not be interested in eating any more. We told her that we both would've loved our dinners had they just been hot. She apologized and left with our credit card. A few minutes later the manager came over and asked if she could help us. We said we were fine. She asked if we were sure. We told her that if she was inquiring about our dinner, it was cold and we were disappointed. Rather than apologize, she explained that they have runners that bring the food straight out, so our dinners should not have been cold. She then told us that our waitress stopped by several times and wished we would've said something. As I mentioned above, after our food was brought to the table, we didn't see her again until she brought our check. We weren't looking for a discount or for anything to be comped, but under those circumstances, offering something would've been appreciated. 
 Aside from our experience, the woman to our left asked her waiter about something that was on her sandwich and explained that she couldn't eat it. Rather than offer to fix it, her waiter pointed to the menu and showed her that this particular item was listed as a part of what she ordered. 
Then the people behind us sent both of their meals back because something was wrong (we couldn't hear what exactly). 
If this was on a Friday night and it was busy, these experiences may be a little more understandable, but this was a Tuesday night, about half the tables were empty, and a lot of the staff was just standing there and/or walking around.
Had our food been hot, this review is 4 stars. Had the service been just a little better, and had we not witnessed the problems around us, this would be a 5 star review.Breakfast here was awesome! While everywhere else was busy and had long lines, this place took us in and got us seated pretty quick. Good, hearty portions and drinks are great! Ambience is also pretty laid back and has some interesting decors about the past governors (hence the name)Waited 30 mins for a salad and appetizer that never arrived. Literally 20 staff milling about but they can't get a simple order out of the kitchen. Working out the kinks would be a massive understatementSome of the BEST brunch/Cajun food I've ever had! India was the best server and they were very good about the bottomless mimosas ;)Excellent food and service, and very reasonably priced. We just had the breakfast, and it is as good as anywhere in the quarter! The sweet corn grits were amazing. Very friendly, and it has a cleaner feel than most places in the area.I had a great fried shrimp Poboy and my wife loved her Mathew Fried Shrimp salad. Also had 1/2 dozen oysters on the half shell which were reasonably priced and quite tasty. Our server, Heather, was awesome. They provided a 10% Military discount.
Definitely worth visiting.It was just okay, the crab cakes were all filler and no crab I could taste.  Gumbo roux tasted slightly burnt and there was no warning in advance of there being potato salad in it.  Staff was wonderful, the conversation was the best part of my visit!Tried it twice. First time they were out of oysters and the bartender was having a bad day. The second time they put us upstairs again. We waited 29 minutes for service and another 25 for our meal.
Don't think there will be a third timePersonally, the food was just ok. We decided to try this place due to its high reviews and left disappointed. My friend and I decided to share the Pasta NOLA and the fried seafood supper and found it to be, bland and cold. Their portions are fair for the price, but unless you add a bunch of sauces on top of it, the creole flavor and tasty, high quality seafood usually found in NOLA is just not there. The service, was also a let down. We were seated at a slow hour and it took a little over ten minutes for someone to come and get our drink order. Our drinks were never refilled and we were so neglected that we had to ask the bartender for ketchup and hot sauce because no other help was available. After having been there for over 40 minutes we finally get our food only to be let down again. The blasting AC made our food cold within minutes, oh and did I mention, our drinks were never refilled. Finally, we get our check and anxiously await to get our change just so we can escape the icebox of a restaurant. I never thought I'd be so cold in NOLA. If you're ever suffering of heat exhaustion this is the place to take a break, grab a bite or drink and freeze for a bit. You'll appreciate the warmth after a meal here.Oysters were ridiculously small. Service was good. The food overall wasn't bad. Just felt like something was missingExcellent restaurant typique avec de la nourriture créole et particulièrement des fruits de mer mais pas que ! Tout le monde pourra y trouver son bonheur.
Petit hic du soir où nous y avons manger, le restaurant accueillait une réception ce qui a beaucoup ralenti le service.Friends and I were in a rush to get food fast before a ghost tour, and Desmond at the bar took great care of us. He expedited our orders, was very friendly, and packaged everything really nicely. The chicken and waffles was awesome! And the military discount was great! Thanks for the amazing service, Desmond!We sat by the open doors and enjoyed shrimp remoulade and chicken and waffles. The shrimp were wonderfully seasoned and the fried green tomatoes were great. The chicken and waffles were delicious. The breading on the chicken and the sweetness of the waffles were a great combo. The hostess was cute as can be, our server was nice but slow - but after we arrived every table was filled  accounting for the slow service.Cool atmosphere. Great bartender with well made drinks.  Amazing food.  Deviled eggs with oyster... to die for.  Oyster with Brie our delicious.  What a great find.We met Tasha (A.k.a. sunshine) last night at a festival. She said we have to come here to eat! Best decision!  Angie was our server.  She was fun and quick!  The atmosphere was nothing but pleasant.  Thank you Sunshine for showing a couple Californians how they do things in the Big Easy!   The food was great and the people even better!Great food, atmosphere, location, and staff. I had the devil eggs with caviar and fried oysters, they were delicious.  Then I had 6 brie and roasted garlic and 6 bacon gratin oyster, great flavors!  Must try!  My friend had the le bons temps rouler omelette, very good. Staff was super friendly and attentive.Came here on Christmas Eve - had a minor miscommunication on the phone about the wait time, but the manager worked with us to get my family and I (party of 4) seated at the bar. 
The food was great! I don't have pictures of everything but the blasted Brussels sprouts with Mayhaw pepper jelly were DELICIOUS and the baked oysters with Brie and garlic butter were excellent. All of our entrees leaned salty but nothing unbearable, and overall portions were good for the price and everything overall was delicious. My dad also ordered a front runner cocktail which was some chocolate liqueur and mint and heavy cream (??) which I thought I'd hate but it was actually pretty good.
The service was a bit slow because I think we were at the bar, poor bartender was taking drink and food orders, serving food, making drinks, etc. all by himself (he was trying his best!!) but we definitely felt like our food was coming out a bit slower than what we would expect.Forget the Acme and Felix suggestions from friends. This place is the only place to go for oysters. We were with a large group and had 2 dozen of everything they had oyster wise. Zone 2 gulf oysters were the catch and everything from the raw to the baked cheese and bacon were outstanding. If this wasn't enough, the red fish na'wlins was fabulous as well. 
Great service, fantastic oysters and great drinks. My only regret was that I didn't double back and enjoy this place again while visiting the big easy.Was a little concerned when we were the only two people eating around dinner time, but the food was pretty good and the atmosphere was fun. Service was fine and friendly. Location is good and has a good corner view of some busy streets. Not quite sure why it was so empty but would go again.Great drinks..great food...good service went back twice for their signature drink with pineapple infused tequila...seafood platter was greatThis place was excellent! The host was friendly and inviting and Tasha the service manager was very quick and accommodating to seat our 5 person party by the open windows. The appetizers and entrees were delicious and very reasonably priced. Garland was our server and he was on point. Thanks for giving us a good experience!Food was spot on and the service was top notch. The inside decor was a bit lacking and nothing pushed them over the hump for that 5th star but overall, we were all thrilled with our choice!Incredible ambience, service and delicious food! We went to 3 restaurants for brunch and had some mishaps that lead to us Landing at the governer. Second floor was our seating and we chose indoor and not patio as it was nearing noon and the heat was disrespectful. My friend and I had brunch and the photos are included. They both were delicious and we will be backThe ONLY reason I am giving 5 stars is the redeeming personality of the bartender, Cici !!!!  I had to push past the inattentive staff that was more occupied with their smart phones than seating customers.
CiCi talked about their specials and drinks, she really was amazing and the food she recommended was super!
Thanks Chitown for making it a true Nawlins experimente!!This place is a cute whole in the wall, but service is awful and food is subpar. I went with a group for dinner and it took over an hour to get our food, and there was only 3 other tables there around 7:30pm. Once we started getting drinks, I realized it wasn't starting off great. Half of our drinks were wrong or missing, some people did not get their appetizers that were ordered, and one person in our group got the wrong food. We didn't send the food back, but rather the waiter said there was the same order being made in the back and he'll send to us. 30 minutes later, my friend got their order. To top it off, they put the group together on one check instead of splitting it. 
The food was alright, but nothing to brag about. Some of our hot plates were lukewarm and overly salty. I'm from this area, and the food was way better elsewhere...save yourself the headache and time.