As seen on the Dave Atell Comedy Central show, the Alibi is unpretentious and usually packed with local and tourist alike. 150 beers available at good prices, and i must say WAAAY above average bar food.  The burgers are better than any burger served to a drunken fool at four in the morning has any right to be.  They also deliver to practically the enire French Quarter.  And boys-- strippers tend to mass there after work.Nice little dive bar!   The drinks are strong and the bartenders attentive.   Be prepared for the disgusting bathrooms.   We were there around 11:00 A.M. on a Wed, and it looked like they hadn't been cleaned in ages.The service was ok seeing that it's self serving; the food was microwave so it wasn't evenly heated; the wings was vinegar tasting so it was good at all
Positive points music was good and the location is good 
Drinks taste more mixture than alcohol, it was like cough medicine
I will not return bad water down gumbo was the straw that broke the  back and the supersize roaches outside was a sign from GOD but we didn't heed the warningWalked into this establishment because we got tired of waiting in line at Hard Rock Cafe which is just up the block.  I had spotted the menu as we passed it, after 15 minutes in line I suggested we try here instead.  Damn WISE decision.   My burger was amazing!!  Just what the dr ordered after 7 days of experimenting with the local Creole / Cajun foods.  Don't over look this place!You simply take a leisurely stroll down Bourbon Street and then make a quick turn and BOOM - you are in a totally cool dive bar with good food.  What is not to love?Enjoyed a quick late dinner while in NOLA and very satisfied with our choice. Po' boys and fries, drinks and world-famous Jell-O shots were great! If you want to enjoy a cozy get away from Bourbon....give Alibi's a try.I read a review saying that this is the sort of place Tom Waits would love and I was sold on checking it out. Sadly the place was not at all what I would think of when conjuring up images of the mans NOLA watering holes.  
Is it a low key bar for the area? Yes. Unfortunately I think it has more to do with the fact that there is not a lot to draw someone to the place than anything else. 
The lighting relied a bit too much on florescent beer signs, the jukebox on the mood of the current crowd and the beer, while plentiful in bottled selections, didn't offer anything I haven't seen before and the prices were average. 
I suppose if you are looking for a mellow place in the crazy of the Bourbon street vicinity, somewhere more industry than tourist, this will do.... but I would recommend somewhere with a bit more character like the Chart Room if that is what you are looking for.This place is a dive, but a is the best place to a decent price on cocktails I have found in NOLA. Nice TV's for watching the game. Great bartender
 "Hillary" is sweetheart and pours a nice drink. Don't get the bloody mary'sOne of my favorites in the quarter. Great dive bar.
I feel like I used to live here. I worked around the corner and this was my go to spot for an after work wind down beverage. Then a while back there was a massive firing/quitting of many of the friggin amazing/awesome/rad/incredible, insert any other adjective that describes a general quality of bad assness, bartenders. Since then the place just doesn't feel the same. Don't get me wrong I still like it but now I am more inclined to go elsewhere. The bartenders now are nice and all but it seems as though they are less willing to go out of their way to get to know you and what you like to drink. The prices and sizes seem to be a little more on the stingy side. 
On the other hand this is a great place for drunk food and the beer selecion might be one of the best in the quarter (mostly bottles). The cheese fries are insane. you can literally feel your arteries clog while you eat them. Burger is pretty decent as well and the meat pies are doughy,meaty spicy little nuggets that will cure any spins you might have from bourbon street insanity while slighty giving you a spicy jab to the stomach. Good stuff. 
Good dive, it is literally a dive not a hipster non-swanky bar, that I still love and frequent but miss some of the magic from yesteryear.Someone must have pissed in their Cheerios this morning. Rude as hell staff.  Will not return or ever recommend.The bar was a nice atmosphere, with an excellent beer selection. However, my husband and I were looking for a late night meal and saw positive ratings for the alibi. We both decided on the barbecue shrimp poboy, which is said to be made with their special sauce. We tasted no barbecue sauce, only heat. Our lips, tongues and throats were on fire from the amount of chili they had in their "barbecue" sauce. My husband loves spicy food, but in his words, this poboy was "absurd". Not at all what we were expecting, and more than half of each poboy was left untouched, even with frozen daiquiris to wash it down.Great service & dive bar.  Love the late night jalapeño poppers & fried chicken sandwich that had a side of jalapeños.  Drinks were great too!  No one was really there so it was chill.  Will be back soon when I'm not leaving Bourbon Street.This a great last stop for unpretentious crowd, the best selection of brew  and late night food combo in the quarter.   I'll be back.Ok this place is everything you love about new orleans it is dive-y, it is dark, and it's a hole in the wall bar. 
I have been here twice first time pre yelp and once after. So the first time got a burger very good burger. This time I got the nachos very good size for lunch. But, this is not what the review is about the review is however about the most amazing and I repeat the most amazing BBQ shrimp po boy...... My friend got.   This thing was big beautiful and you are going to love it. It's spicy it's made on French bread and it is just amazing. 
The bartender was so super friendly and by the end of the meal we knew all about parking in the quarter and all the other stuff about her. Which I love about the south.The  kind of place Tom Waits would love. A bar that only closes 1 hour a year for cleaning - whether it needs it or not. They removed the locks from the doors years ago and threw them away,
This is a service bar, catering to bartenders,waiters/waitresses and off duty strippers among others. As such you are very unlikely to have to deal with obnoxious drunken tourists and everyone is very cool and friendly - for those who aren't - well, even the cook is armed.
Full bar, 150 plus brands of beer, and outstanding bar food that not only is cheap but can be delivered, all 24 hours of the day.Where else can you get really good,cheap food at 5 AM?
Unofficial bar of Tales of The Cocktail when it is happening (July 8th-12th this year) you can find the crowd there. One of the coolest bars in New Orleans and one of the least known - not a tourist trap or full of loud idiots, just a cool place to relax and enjoy.Ate here and went to use the restroom. On the way to the back of the restaurant, multiple mice ran out of the kitchen entrance and under the back door. 
I am absolutely disgusted.Incredibly low class dirty stinky place with a violent owner and stuff. All my respect for those who brave enough to eat here.Best bar we found on French quarter.  Away from all the tourist trap, great drinks,  awesome food, service was top notchHappy hour is way better at Redfish! Two beers here cost us $11 vs two beers, a half dozen oysters, and a personable bartender at Redfish for same priceThis is a great non-touristy bar. Our bartender Jac was amazing and even made us a Strawgator out of two different Abita beers since they didn't carry it. The food was incredible and the throw back songs on the jukebox were great. We will definitely be back.6$ cheap booze shots in plastic cups. No glass of course.
Bad attitude service.
Dirty, old, smelly.
Deep bottom if dive bars.
Not recommended. Suggest to avoid.Went on a whim. Food is horrible cheap velvetta and Hormel and limp lettuce don't make great nachos. Music was way too loud and terrible, only good song heard was Otis redding. The only thing good was the ice pick I bought, paid $3 for 12Oz cup. I will not return.Great crowd.  Chill.  Open all night which is a big plus.  Great beer selection but I only drink Abita anyways.  Spent many nights until the sun came up at this bar.Typical dive bar. No frills.  Cheap drinks.  Generous pours. Get a drink to go before you start your night.Locals bar we always end our shift at. 
The female owner has an attitude and I hear is easily offended so I'm not sure what that's about. Guy bought a round of shots for the bar a few times..I mean yelled it out .. and after the 1st time, kept skipping myself and 2 other dark skinned gfs. He had to keep directly telling her to give us some. Not great business. But when she isn't there, it's great otherwise! 
I've had the crawfish bites (yummm), mozzarella sticks (meh) and garden veggie wrap (yummm).Over priced bar food and cheap drinks. This place is usually packed with tourists earlier in the night and service industry people in the early a.m. Bar service is hit or miss between the jaded surly French quarter veteran and the young enthusiastic fresh faces that haven't experienced what the quarter fully has to offer as far as demotivating experiences. After their last price increase, which is not accurate on the menu in the bar or online, I stopped ordering food there. I loved the chicken Caesar salad and would grab one after work, but the last time I did so, I paid $14 for it. That's just too much for what it is. I'll stop in for drinks, but there are so many other great bars with incredible and more appropriately priced food, I'll walk further for a more satisfying eating experience.We use to go here every time we visited New Orleans but the place has changed over the years and I have to say it is coming off our list of "must go" places. As other reviewers have said, its dirty and dingy and I couldn't use the bathroom unless you really had to go. The appeal to us was that it seems the locals go there and they have some decent drink specials. Plus, an awesome grilled tuna steak sandwich and fries that rocked!! Even though it remains on their menu, they NEVER have it. They always substitute mahi mahi, which is not the same at all. After ordering it, it took FOREVER for them to make and it was served RAW in the middle. I'm pretty sure we would have gotten sick if we ate it. I'm also pretty sure it must have been frozen moments before they cooked it which would explain the cold, raw middle. $13 for it, I mean really?? There are so many other great choices to go for cheap, cold drinks, good food, and personable bartenders. Sadly, it's no longer the Alibi. Did I mention the bartenders look skanky and appear to have a severe autoimmune disorder? Drink and eat here at your own risk...you've been warned people.Awesome chili cheese fries at all early hours of the morning and a really good bottle selection including Maudite and 8 abitas.Let me start by saying, I love the Alibi. For the years I have been visiting NO, I always make it a point to stop in and have one of their ahhhhmazing bloodies when I'm ready to wind down for the night. The bartenders are always nice, and very accommodating. However, On Last Friday I witnessed 2 men being assaulted by a bouncer at the Alibi. The 2 men were asked to leave the bar, and after doing so without question, the bouncer proceeded to follow them around the block and sucker punch both men without warning, then run away, only to lie to the police when the men assaulted called in the report. The men were then arrested, which was inconceivable to me. They were not causing a problem and the bouncer decided to take the law into his own hands, then run away and lie to the police to save his skin. The bouncer works the late shift at the Alibi (midnight-early morning), he is African American, about 6'3 and was wearing a black shirt and hat when I saw the assault take place. The man also made me feel uncomfortable at the bar on multiple occasions, the first occurring days before the assault I witnessed. He was scowling and shaking his head at my friends and I, making rude comments and murmuring under his breath at us every chance he got. He seems disturbed and was not acting in an appropriate manner that someone should be, considering he works at a bar on Bourbon Street. He even had the nerve to complain about the drunks in "his bar" and repeatedly stated to the entire crowd that they needed to "get the fuck out of here and go the fuck home". This was days after the witnessed assault! This man has serious problems and should not be responsible for handling the door at such a well trafficked bar. I am filing a report and testifying on the behalf of the men arrested. Incidents like this should not be tolerated and I will be persistant in having this man charged with his crimes and fired from your bar. Better luck in finding more compassionate and suitable employees, I love the Alibi but am truly disturbed by what I witnessed, I would not put it past this man to punch an innocent woman!I was craving a hamburger and Bloody Mary after all the fish and hurricanes and Alibi hit the spot! Both were very good! It's definitely a dive bar off the typical Bourbon St scene but worth it for sure!While we were in NOLA, this became our to go bar even tho its dirty shitty hole.  Bartenders had plenty of tude and drinks aren't that cheap.  I like gambling so the poker machines were fun for me while bf watched the games on the big screen.  Music is loud, people are louder.  Apparently they have a rat problem but we didn't see any.  I would not eat there in a million years!!The fact that this place isn't five stars is an affront to all things good and holy.  I love nothing more than a good dive bar.  This isn't a good dive bar though, this is the dive bar that all other dive bars should be modeled after.  While most bartenders would have found 8 guys on a bachelor party extremely annoying our bartender, Sabrina, was all for our shenanigans.  Sabrina was definitely the key to our bachelor party success.  She gave us lots of tips and helped us avoid a lot of the touristy crap we were trying to skip.  As a result we started each day at the Alibi and I strongly suggest you do the same.Used to be the go to place at the end of a night. Not the place anymore! Rude servers-not attentive-forgot to order our food and they weren't busy!  Over it! Willie's chicken instead!Make sure if you're visiting New Orleans to swing by the Alibi after your favorite strip club kicks you out stumbling on the street. There are few places where the bar food is this good and the atmosphere is this friendly.
If you're in town for more than a couple nights, spend a little time each night here going around the world geographically or alphabetically using the wide selection of beers they have here.It's a dive bar that serves food, which is neither terrific nor terrible. The burger is pretty good someimes, but when it isn't....First thime here was last night after work, very seedy and transient. Loud people getting drunk. Prices ok, drink quality good. Busy for a Thursday night,Barbecue shrimp pasta add chicken.......completely amazing!!!! Also they have a pepper infused vodka that is intended for bloody Mary's but served to be a great shot!! YumGreat food, great selection of beer, and great service. Friendly staff who learned our names and made us feel at home. Gave us free jello-shots for my girlfriend's birthday!The Alibi is a great dive if you want to get out of the Bourbon St mayhem for a bit. We wandered in for a drink and stayed for a few. Tiffany, our bartender, was great! 
Good drink pours and a very good bottled beer selection. Nice big screen TV (w/sports on) and a good sound system for their internet jukebox.
We stopped by the following night and it was busier but still found a spot at the bar and service was again good. Can't vouch for the food but there were some people doing take outs.... 
The only bummer was that they were out of their bloody mary mix..We heard they had amazing bloody Mary's so we decided to stop in and grab one. The bloody mary didn't disappoint.  They marinate the vegetables and use mostly fresh ingredients rather than a mix, making for a delicious drink. The only downside to this bar was the bathroom, which was gloomy and in ill repair. If at all possible, I would recommend avoiding use of this establishments restroom overall.Just a plain old bar, nothing special a little dingy and smelly.off Bourbon but not far enough.
has:
bar food.
a couple of decent beers.
a jukebox. 
the music is entirely too loud and the crowd is extremely mixed.
I'm not sure why we end up here sometimes but it happens.
i once ordered a grilled cheese. 
it was very basic.I came in around 4-5 AM and a good number of people were in here. I ordered a sandwich (sauced shrimp I think) and ate it, it's not cheap by any mean. I did love the cigarette smell as lots of people were smoking. A true bar should be smoky, dark, suffocating, sleazy & full of drunks. 
I wish the bars in CA would allow smoking and open all day too. We still have a lot of catching up to do to be more like Europe.Service is "BAD" .....female serving weeknights has a bad attitude  .....you have better choices around .....spend your money elsewhereI heard they make good burgers. They do not. 
Maybe just stick to drinks here, and find a bathroom elsewhere.Pretty sure my friends and I visited this place every night during our stay in NOLA. Just off the beaten path and more reasonably priced than places on Bourbon Street. Bartenders and patrons are all very friendly. I recommend the jello shots. They're fun to do with friends!Came here for the Bama/OSU game. Great burger and the fries are beyond excellent. A HUGE bottled beer selection. Definitely a hidden gem!Great dive bar. The bartender did a really good job considering she was the only person working there the time we were there...and she had pierced nips!Was a blast! Great vibe and great people and great staff! Great selection of beers. Did not try the food but was right next to my hotel and I was more comfortable at the alibi them the stiff hotel bar.All you need to know is that they have the best bloody merry in the world. Close to Bourbon St and Acme Oyster House.  On the cheap side for the area.Considering the great impression the owner made on my two friends, and the awesome food, it's very unfortunate that the staff lacks respect for the customer. 
First, as people ranging from 25-30, we had an issue where we had to show our IDs just to eat, and couldn't sit in at a table without them so we were forced to take them to go. A little strange considering none of us wanted to order alcohol or sit at the bar. 
There were no smiles or greetings from the start
But where we really had an issue was when our order came out wrong. The brunette bartender gave so much attitude off the bat. I've never experienced anything like it when really we just wanted our order right considering we chose this as our last meal in New Orleans. 
"I don't know what you expect me to do about this", and turns away from us.
"You know what, you're wrong. That's not what you ordered, I remember. I guess I'll take the blame for you and get you new food. And also after dealing with this bullshit about the ID's, you guys need to leave once you get your food." 
She caused a whole scene on her own and totally changed the vibe in the bar. How could she act that way in front of other customers? Everyone stopped and watched it all. Her tone is just so condescending, when with every other word she's aggressively tapping the table with a bottle opener. She talked to us like children. 
But don't fret, she can also be a great host.. When her friends come in and she takes shots with them. 
I don't care how good the food is, we will not be returning. It's hard enough knowing she probably spit in our food, it wouldn't be shocking coming from her. She has no class and should not be working with people, it's a shame we tipped her before all of this.Stopped in for a glass of wine on the way back from the street band I just watched.   Nice place, football game on the large screen TV...  friendly people.....Favorite spot in the Quarter.  Bartenders are all super friendly, know a good pour and make a dive bar seem like 5*s.  Stop in if you're down there.Wow, this place was such a disappointment. My fiancé and I ordered takeout for our last day of vacation and it was the WORST food I've had in New Orleans! I ordered the "Veal Cutlet Po Boy" with Swiss cheese and all I got was deep fried cheap meat on a burnt bun with a TON of lettuce on it. They completely forgot to give us a burger we ordered although they DID refund it. I would've given this place one star but their crawfish pies were at least edible.
Save your money and go somewhere that has GOOD food.I eat here very often.  It's a bar with good food.  It's one of the few places that opens late and serves good food.  The bill came out to be $27 last night.  Here's what I had last night.  
Gumbo-  Don't ever order gumbo here.  It's garbage.  The rue was as thin as water.  I pointed it out to the waiter and he agreed.  Since I already paid for the food, they gave me a beer to make up for it.
Shrimp Poboy ($11)-  It was very good.  The shrimp was well fried and good portions.
Chili Cheese Fries-  Great seasoned fries with a lot of cheese.
I usually come eat here after a long night of drinking in the quarters.  I would come back here again.Ohh my gosh!!! Total dive bar off bourbon street but the food is crazy good. The gumbo is beyond compare and the gracious New Orleanian sitting next to us shared his burger and fries. The fries were   Crispy on the outside - perfectly tanned - free of all oil and delightfully fluffy inside. The burger was ground to perfection - seared with just the right degree of caramelization, hiding a perfect and succulent pink center. It was so tasty. David is the chef and - wow - he is a wizard and very friendly.This place is opened 24hrs, YAY! I had a Guiness & Megan waited on me, I could only have one since I was so drunkmy old familiar place. sometimes i don't visit for a year but little has changed in the past decade. familiarity breeds a smile. local service industry folks get discount prices.
from strippers and maitre des to fat tourons and tranny dudes with their nightly mark, the alibi is something special. always has been. always will be.I LOVE this bar.  It is a little divey bar that has an eclectic group of tourists and service industry.  The bartenders are always sweet and friendly.  The food is very good here.  You may have qualms about it seeing the bar thinking maybe they are only good at bar food but my friends and I have been really impressed with all of their food.  That said, I just had the hamburger steak and loved it and my friend loved the chili cheese fries.  They have a HUGE selection of beer that you typically don't get in Quarter bars.  They have the Touch Tunes jukebox which I like because of ease of use.  This is "our" bar that we go to often when visiting NOLA and suggest others try it out too.Great lil hole in the wall bar off bourbon. Everytime I go to nola, I always meet up with my friend here. The bartenders are great and treat regulars right. Drinks are made strong and prices are cheaper than bourbon street prices. 
The food is great too. The chili cheese fries are life savers for the times you feel like you're getting a lil too drunk too soon. 
I love coming to this bar!Exactly what we were looking for. Alibi is definitely low-key: it's a kind of a non-descript dive, but a very unpretentious and friendly crowd. The food is very good too: standard bar fare, but perfect after a night of drinking. What really appealed to me over some of the other bars in the French Quarter was that while there was a lively crowd, it wasn't so deafeningly loud that you couldn't have a conversation. Staff was friendly and fast. If you're looking for a place to relax and chill as opposed to fight through a screaming crowd for a drink, this is a good option.ordered the "broccoli bites" they have on the menu here and I asked the bartender, kim AND the cook if there was bacon in the broccoli bites, after having a terrible experience at a different restaurant. i'm a vegetarian who hasn't had meat in years and I cut open the broccoli bites before eating them only to find bacon inside. the staff is uneducated on what they are serving and did not even care when I brought it to their attention. I will never be back. they were rude and disrespectful to me.Stopped in here for a beer. Took a while to get one of the bartender's attention, but sort of expected that Mardi Gras. Prices were good, but not as low as Sugar Shack. They were showing Mardi Gras 2006 on one of the big screens. Eh, I think I'd rather have a sports game up there.The best Bloody Marys I have ever had. The staff is wonderful and made our large group feel very welcome. Additionally, the burgers are also among the best I have ever had. I give my best possible recommendation to The Alibi.Gets the 5 stars in the "dive bar with later. Ugh this food category".  Super friendly mother/daughter team keep the "industry" folk happy with after-shift hospitality for bartenders, hotel staffers - but surrounded by hotels, it's perfect for guests who want a laid-back locals experience. A Miller Lite here is $4.25.  At the uber touristy Absinthe House, the same beer is $6 - unless it's a special event like the Sugar Bowl, when that place raises the price to $7. So Alibi may not have the fireplace that Absinthe has - but the service is more genuine at better prices.  Food is said to be solid, and it is somewhat hard to find good food at 3-4 AM - so huge kudos for that.The Alibi can be good on some nights. The drinks are cheap and the bartenders do a great job. The food is always a great 2 a.m. - 4 a.m. treat. Their burgers are the best on the Canal st. side of the French Quarter and their Tuna Steak Sandwich is delicious. My only complaint is the area and the crowd sometimes. It's only a few blocks away from the Iberville projects. So for you tourists, don't wonder too far away from Bourbon St., and stick with a crowd.
EDIT: 01/10/2009
I have no idea what happened to this spot, but it's nothing like it use to be. Never do i give a place more than a second chance to cook my food right. 6 times. Yes 6 chances I gave this place. I asked for a med rare burger and it never came even close. It wasn't any surprise to hear they microwave their burgers now. Good job alibi, way to fall into the Iberville black hole of crap. Yo Mama's has taking the crown for best burgers in the quarter. 
The bartenders are very friendly and do a good job. The kitchen staff needs to go.Ate here on Saturday night before coming home....great place.  The food was hot and fresh.  The service was awesome as well.  I will return. The shrimp Po-Boy was delish.....Jack at the bar is a stone cold fox. Metal and hip hop wins everytime. I found a full pack of cigarettes on the floor. Heaven.Great dive bar always open and welcoming. Dark spot with good food and cold beer.  Bottled beer selections include my favorite: Labatts Blue. And the Bloody Marys are delicious.Great bar-food and cheap drinks.. Infamous after hours bar in nola. Best place to pick up a stripper or prostitute almost every time you visit. Chicken strips FTW!I know this place is listed in the "Dive" bars category, so I will give it an extra star.  It definitely lives up to this category.  
Great place if you like smoky bars with very little choice of draft beer and have to go to the bar to order.
Menu is standard for a bar in NOLA, but did not see anyone eating while there.A great dive bar! Ashley was awesome and very friendly! She gave me some great places to go. I had the sampler to hold me over until dinner. The meat pie were hot and delicious! If you are trying to take a break from the norm on stripe I would highly suggest this place!Come for the food and drink when Ashley is pouring. If it's anyone else and your not a regular then you'll get gypped! Sad!A shot of Jameson and a $2 highlife.  Yeah, you right!
I think everyone who regularly visits the Alibi has some night in there that you hope noone photographed.  It's seedy, dim and funky. Basically your average dive.
It's also a fairly popular service industry hangout, hence my frequent stops in...if I actually checked in as often as I did a quick drive-by there before my drive home...well, you'd think I am a raging alcoholic.  And I wouldn't want to be spreading false rumors about myself.
The bathrooms are horrendous, even for my quarter rat standards.  I'd suggest being fairly intoxicated if you need to go, so you won't be so interested in the cleanliness.
They have a few video poker machines and a digital jukebox.
They also have food. None of it's exceptional, but it is edible. The french fry plate is good for soaking up some of the late night booze.
They are pretty much open 23 hours a day, closing for what seems like an hour around 8-9am to clean.Great spot for drinks and food, just steps from all the action on Bourbon. Great mix of locals and tourists, friendly bartenders, jukebox....and it never closes.We primarily stopped here and loved it because of the name. Yes, we are Shameless fans. And this might be as close to The Alibi Room that we'll ever get. It's divey, it's a tad seedy, it's the drinking alibi you've been looking for. Decent beer offerings. Friendly enough bartenders. Not too crowded, not too empty. Not too dirty, not too clean. There's really not much to complain about. If you like dive bars, be sure to check this place out.Great bar, great bartender (Ashley)!!!!  Food looks good but I didn't eat.  I would definitely poop here again.Locals bar just off main drag, food is excellent and cheap prices.  Not highly frequented by convention goers either.
Great spot.Came here for a late night snack. Wow the chicken sandwiches and chili cheese fries are delicious!!! Trust me.. we're from LA and we know great food. You guys have to come and check this place out! Candi was super amazing and very helpful in selecting our food. Crazy thing is this place is 24 HOURS OPEN!Awesome dive bar with great service.  The beer selection on tap is limited but they have a good selection of bottled beers from around the world.  The food is good. I had the meat pies, which were tasty.