Bad. Bad, bad, bad. This is a very bad restaurant. The music is good, the food is decent, but the management needs to decide what they actually want this place to be, because they're juggling a bar, live music, and a kitchen, and the food service is what is suffering as a result. 
My wife, couple friends and I came here for her birthday, and it started poorly when we had to wait to be greeted by the hostess. You need to have someone tethered to the hostess station. It is really bad business to have people waiting for a table at a less than full restaurant. After a round of drinks we ordered and proceeded to wait nearly an hour for the food to come out of the kitchen. I'm not unsympathetic to servers, but you at least have to acknowledge to your customers when you're not living up to expectations. The band on stage made the wait a little more bearable, but the meal was subsequently rushed, as we had after dinner plans. Additionally, for the quantity and quality of the food, they're overreaching on their pricing. If they're trying to offset the cost of bringing musicians in to play, I think a better model would be to charge a cover.Great music and a cozy atmosphere. Didn't get a chance to sample the menu but the relaxed and non-stuffy vibe had me sold.We visited Maison last night mainly to hear Smoking Club Jazz Band.  Because we knew it would be very busy on a Saturday night, we went early to get good seating.
Arriving before 5 p.m. we told the hostess we'd be lingering for the 7 p.m. show and she assured us that was no problem.  Seated right up front, we heard two sets from a good mainstream jazz/American Songbook-type group while we had drinks and then dinner.  
Between bands we requested a move to an open high-top table against the wall because we knew Smoking Club would be pretty loud.  We had more drinks, coffee and dessert.  Smoking Club JB delivered what I'd hoped for: precise, powerful, passionate traditional jazz with a great female vocalist!  When we left just after 8:30 the place was packed.
Three rounds of drinks/wine, dinner for two, coffee and dessert came to $85.  The wine was inexpensive and decent, the Pork Chop Creole special was excellent, and the pecan pie. . . well, what could be wrong with that?
Best of all, our server (Theresa) was absolutely attentive all evening.  She worked a lot of tables but still found time to check on us regularly over the 3 1/2 hours we were there.  Drinks and food came out quickly and exactly as ordered.  Really top-notch service!
Good food & drink, great service and no cover charge for the bands. (We did tip the bands and so should you.)  A five-star evening!If you've spent a couple nights hanging around Bourbon Street already, Frenchman Street will definitely feel like a breath of fresh air and Maison is definitely one of the places you have to check out. The atmosphere is great, drinks were inexpensive, and I'm pretty sure we didn't pay a cover charge. The music was really good and I like that you can dance and watch the band play downstairs in front of the stage, or take it all in from the balcony above. It was definitely a cool experience.  Glad we popped in!I gave this place 4 stars because the service was awesome and the live band was great! We were here on a Monday night after christmas day and it was full.  The walk from the French Quarter took about 15 min but not a boring walk at all as there were plenty of shops to stop in along the way. I ordered a salad, jambalaya, red beans and rice, and garlic fries to share between 3 of us. The sausage in the jambalaya was a little tart (I believe it may have been gator sausage) but overall all dishes were good.I really dig this place.  It had a great vibe the night I was there.  The band was playing older blues & jazz with some ragtime thrown in for good measure.  A lot of the clientele were dressed like they were back in the 20's and 30's.  People were, by and large, drinking wine (instead of beer and girly mixed drinks like at most of the other bars around here).  It had an air of class about it, which was a nice respite from the usual New Orleans fare.  I would definitely come back here.I don't remember much but what I do know for sure is that my friends and I had a funnnn time. There was good music and good drinks at this spot. The band was cool and they sounded good. They had smooth transitions into each song and had us all dancing and singing along the entire night. The crowd was a mix of ages and everyone had their own occasion that they were celebrating. The bartenders were attentive to everyone across the bar and all orders were taken quickly. There is plenty of seating and room to dance near or even with the band.Hey everyone, we tried to go into this bar and the front girl, Brittany, turned my friend's ID  down and then no one else at this bar would let us in. No one is into having their ID turned down mid-twenties. Don't go here.We just walked into a gem! The music was live and on fire! The crowd is revved and trust me you won't be disappointed! Frenchman street is mostly for grownups who've outgrown bourbon street and all its debauchery! If you love New Orleans in all of its glory, Frenchman is definitely for you!What a cool place to hang out.  All of the other clubs were jam packed on Frenchman street so my sister and I stumbled into this awesome place.  There were two local bands playing.  The first one was the Messy Cookers Jazz Band.  They were fun and really crowd engaging.  I wish I could find them on itunes.  The second one was another band called Bon Bon Vivant.  I listen to them all the time.
This is definitely a good place to get like a cocktail and just sit and relax and enjoy the sounds.  In relevance to food, I can't really comment.Need to reserve on the weekends it's a great place amazing vibe! Drinks are phenomenal! Food is to die for!!After checking out a bunch of places on Frenchman, we settled on Maison and ended up staying the whole night.
They're open until 3am.
Pros: 
- No cover
- Lots of space, so it didn't feel stuffy 
- Good amount of seating is available
- Really good music - Street legendz was awesome!  They did their own take on covers and are super talented!A great place to visit while hanging on Frenchmen street. Enjoy good food and drinks while listening to some live jazz.The food is not that good. Although I did like the french fries which were cooked in garlic oil that permeated through them. My alligator sausage was overcooked and over-seasoned. My sister got some nonsense sampler that wasn't that hot. 
The pitchers of beer were cheap and good. Place gets jumping. Saw some great music. The main band was called debauche and the singer was like a young tom waits playing amped up bar mitzvah traditional's if that makes any sense. At one point the bassist was standing almost vertically on his tilted upright bass. They have a nice wrap around balcony above the main stage for a real concert feel. 
Lady that sang while we ate was pretty good. Dimmed red lighting throughout the dining room bar area gave this place a very nice imitation old school New Orleans touristy vibe.When we came the music was great, drinks were great and the crawfish pies we had were delicious. Can't speak for anything else on the menu, but had a great experience when we went =)I wish I could post a video of the band I saw here the other night. Apart from the amazing New Orleans tunes these guys will play, they do a lot of impromptu stuff including, and no joke, Trombone battles. Weird, right? Wrong...amazing.Loved the music here. We saw The Business, a funk band. They were off the wall good great energy and fantastic sound. Loved this place.Went first on a crowded Friday night, bartenders were amazing and extremely attentive. Muir was absolutely fantastic and food was delicious. We decided to come back for brunch on Sunday and had another fantastic experience. Highly recommend.This place was pretty good. We didn't know where to eat and this place was the only place that didn't have an hour wait and took our party of 8. I had a poboy of pulled pork with coleslaw inside. The pork was good and juicyand the bread was amazing as well. A little spicy but overall pretty good. My wife and I shared a plate because the serving sizes were huge. The service was a little slow but it was packed. Also it was a little to dark to see the menus and had to use our phone lights to read them. Food was good but the ambience was a little dark, loud, and way to packed. I'd eat here again if I'm every visiting but maybe have it for take out. I'd recommend them to have a little more lighting and a few more staff members to help with taking drinks.On the best street in New Orleans (I really love Frenchmen Street) lies Maison. One of the bigger bars along the strip. Packed with tables, a long bar, a stage tucked up front, and a huge area towards the back. This place gets packed without getting stuffy due to its size. The house band is one of the best I have ever heard. They have great prices on both beer and liquor (then again New Orleans is relatively cheap when it comes to alcohol, in general).
A solid spot to grab a drink and listen to some music. I think they also serve food but I was maintaining a liquid diet the evening I visited.Real laid back place. Alligator bites were great... Drinks are a bargain too. Helped that my Cousin was playing in the band...It's just one of those placing you keep going back to over and over.  It's unexplainable - the atmosphere? the music? the people? the food?
I don't know, I enjoy going there to have a drink and listen to music or whatever they have going on ........Maison is great fun. The Jazz is diverse and very entertaining. The staff and service is very welcoming and gives patrons from out of town a sense of belonging. The drink prices are quite reasonable. There could be more seating. It is though to get a table near the stage. And many of the seats on the wall are uncomfortable because there are not footrests. With the relatively small drawbacks, Maison is a real jewel of Frenchman Street.A wonderful blues/Jazz bar. In the middle of afternoon we heard a great music- went to the bar and stayed more than 2 hours. Their drinks were yummy and made with fresh ingredients. Their garlic fries were crispy and delicious too.This may have no bearing on the place overall, but tonight, the music was good. I was a charmed snake, moving along to the beat, dancing almost well with no thought or direction of my own. I let the music play me.
Spacious even on a busy night with plenty of places (upstairs and down) to sit and to dance. Not sure I like that there's someone in the restrooms handing you paper towels. Perhaps that's to prevent people from having sex in there?
I think someone hit on me here tonight. That has never happened to me in my life. If you're looking for that kind of thing, you might find it here.Bar restaurant spacieux et à l'ambiance tamisée (sombre), qui donne un côté sympa pour une soirée jazz
Chaque soir, une bande différente vient jouer sur scène; ils passent un chapeau de temps en temps pour ramasser des dons car ils ne sont pas payés par le bar
Musique pas trop trop forte comparée à certains bars
Service très bon, serveurs et serveuses vraiment agréables
Large choix de bières et de drinks, prix ok
Bon choix de bouffe aussi; les alligators bites sont très bons, mais pas assez d'alligator dedans j'ai trouvé
Le gumbo était bon mais pas le meilleur en ville (il faisait plutot ''cantine'' et non ''homemade'')
Les plats que j'ai vus passer avaient tous l'air bons en tout cas!
Bref, je recommande d'essayer cette place!Want to grab a bite this morning and heard a band from outside, so like moths to a flame we were drawn in. I decided to get the chicken and waffle sliders, the wife got the shrimp and grits. A small spot with a band in the corner was playing some jazz. The waffles were a little to big to be sliders, but they were good. A nice crispy outside and tender inside, the chicken strips were good and the grits were decent. But those shrimps and grits were the bomb. Good sized shrimps with a delicious roux over the grits. The server was good. My only complaint is the seating. With my back being broke up, the seats were uncomfortable for me. Overall, i.would come back, I would just bring a pillow for my back.The service was fantastic, the food was great! The pork chops were awesome,and the gator boy were great as well. The music was great. The staff was very friendly. This was in my top meals in Nawlins. This will be on my agenda for my next tripMannn I loved this town!! What a fun place.  Only downside is, they wouldn't let us in with our drinks from our last place-- and that was one of the NOLA experiences I was really counting on!!! (Haha, I guess only on Bourbon).  
Anyway, their band plays right next to the door just luring you in, and they were amazing!!  Ahh love the jazz.  This place is pretty large, and there is a quiet area to sit in the back if you're tired of the crowd, and then of course the bar area/dancing area in front of the stage which is always fun.Awesome free comedy show in the penthouse on Friday nights--check it out!  Walking by one night and randomly stumbled into a free Biz Markie show-awesome.The Jazz Vipers were very good. Some great New Orleans Jazz, especially the Clarinetist... though I do believe the lineup changes from time to time.Midnight on a Thursday night - not too crowded, which was awesome.  We really enjoyed the unique musical stylings of the sexy young jazz band playing. Sound was just right, and the music was exactly what we were looking for that night. 
Drinks were inexpensive, and we were given free water with smiles. 
People watching was amazing. Husband and I got to watch a few guys get shot down and cock blocked for hours. 
Maison was HUGE - I'm sure during Mardi Gras or other busy times it's packed to the brim. I loved the space and room to breathe on our late mid-week January night :)Madison is the place to be during a lazy bar day for their small bites and wonderful drinks. They have a really friendly staff and open seating floor plan that allows for a lot of space and room to have live music and larger groups of people. It must see most of its business during the evening for the night club in the background of the bar. Maison has a good selection of beers on tap, mostly local ones and is located geographically on a fun and important street for people visiting New Orleans. While there are many places to visit in the city this place is a nice place to check out, and let me know how the night life is!The line to go inside went quickly.  The band on the first floor was lively.  There was a short wait for drinks at the bar.  Lots of bar stool seating & tables for our group of 7.  The second floor had a nice DJ music & easy access to the balcony overlooking Frenchmen.  Great vibe!This review is for their Jazz Brunch. All I can say is it was amazing!! The food was great. I had the biscuits with gravy and everyone else at my table had different variations of omelettes. All of our meals came with home fries that were pretty good as well. Though the food was top notch the best part was the drinks and entertainment. There was an amazing Jazz band that was worth every penny we spent of Brunch. They sang, they danced, and made us laugh the whole time we were there. As for the drinks my friend had a Bloody Mary she couldn't stop raving about. And I had a coffee with a shot of Bailey's that was delicious. Please stop here for Brunch during your NOLA visit. It's definitely a must do!The band that was playing that night was very good, excellent jazz music.
The food was great and the prices where very reasonable. 
Around 10pm the live music stopped and they started removing tables to make more room for a dance floor, turning the restaurant more into a bar. So don't go there if you're planning on being seated on a table after 10pm or so.
Had a blast there, recommend it!Nice staff, solid music, only had sliders as a snack but they were good. 
Definitely a good spot among many on Frenchmen street.Great Latin dance night- mix of reggaeton, salsa, bachata, merengue, & hiphop!Hate to say....but NOT coming back. 
I know my review will be an anomaly....but I've been here twice in two months....not a good experience either time. 
Music awesome....people that work there...not so much.....
Nuff said.Great place to listen to live music, have a great meal and dance the night away. The menu is very small but everything that we ordered was nothing short of wonderful. Our friend's pork chop took longer that the rest of the food and the manager brought it over and offered him a free drink. Talk about good'ol fashion hospitality!!! Very nice place to have a great time without college frat boys and druken sorority sisters.One of the best music venues on Frenchmen street! I came in to watch the Street Legends Brass Band and literally saw the best show I've seen during my visit. The bartenders were super fast and nice. I definitely recommend this place. Thanks Yelp!Monday night and they were pretty packed!  
Luckily there was no wait for a table.  I think Monday is open mic night, any musician can walk in and sign up, pretty cool.  The one group I remember from that night was Aurora Nealand and the Royal Roses, they were awesome!  The crowd here seemed very laid back, there was a good vibe going.  
My friend and I got a small table, he ordered food, I ordered drinks.  Our server was excellent, I never had an empty glass for long.  Food and drinks came out quick and were tasty - what more can you ask for?  Maybe I went on a good night, but I was really impressed with this place.  It's a big space and has a great setup, I'm curious how it is when they have multiple stages in use.  I could see that being a little too much, but I'd check it out.
La Maison really set the tone for the night.  Coming off of the previous night which we spent on Bourbon street, this was a breath of fresh air.  Literally, you don't wanna breath on Bourbon street.  
I'd definitely make this a stop during my next visit to the city.Had a great time here. We sat for table service and our server was really great. We got the portobello sandwich (pretty good) and a salad and the Mac and cheese (very tasty). Live music was good, lots of fun. Loved how it wasn't nearly as crowded or touristy as Bourbon street. Only complaint would be the temperature - since it was a bit hot outside would have been nice to have AC flowing, but that's all part of the experience I suppose!Lovely, well-maintained club and a classy band-- elegant older gentlemen who really rocked the keys and vocals on funk/blues/pop classics.  It's a shame that their positive attitude didn't extend to the waitstaff.  Service can make or break a restaurant or bar, and our 
"server" singlehandedly ruined our experience here.  We took a little table in the corner of the front room when another couple left.  (Stress-- only two chairs there.)  When I asked the waitress for a menu, she said very snottily, "This is reserved for 4 people."  Ok, there was a sign on the table indicating this, but again, there being only two chairs, and the fact that it was still early and not crowded, we stayed put.  The waitress, though, made it her mission to get rid of us, coming back again to tell us there were 2-tops in the next room, and we could stand by the wall and wait.  Had there been bigger parties waiting to be seated, we would gladly have moved.  I repeated that there were only two seats here, and she got red-faced, proclaiming, "it's the rules!" then grabbed a third chair from another table and slammed it down next to us.  She then pointedly avoided us, apparently determined to make us comply.  All I could think was, wow, we were set to order food and overtip, as we always do.  We would probably have made it a point to return on another visit to Frenchmen's as well.   Never met a rude server EVER in our trips to Orleans--until now.  Maybe she was following management's bad policy (as other reviews here indicate is the norm), but this is just inexcusable. I wondered why this club seemed less crowded than the other bars nearby.  The reason's now painfully obvious.  My advice:  Life's too short for such petty rudeness, especially in New Orleans.  Sashay down Frenchmen to the 30-90, Blue Nile or any other club and get treated right.Gator bites were phenomenal, Etouffée was perhaps a bit too salty but otherwise flavorful. Portions are large enough to share (as I have found in most of this city). Would come back if for nothing else, to hear the great live music!Great place to see live music!
I have been to New Orleans at least 15 times but had never heard of Frenchman Street.  I was looking for someplace off the beaten path to take my family.  Fortunately, I found Frenchman Street.   
I needed a place that had live music and allowed kids.   The places that do not serve food seemed not to allow kids.   We were looking for a dinner place anyway.
I had read about Maison and put our name in.  It was around 7:00 pm.   There was a band onstage and the place was full.  They said it would be about 20 minutes for a table for 5.   We went to another place down the road for appetizers and drinks and saw some great music and I checked back with Maison after 20 minutes and was told it would be another 10 minutes probably.  No one was really leaving while the band was onstage.  As soon as the band ended, people got up and we got a great table.  
The place is very low-key, nothing fancy but totally cool.   The next band was great, played a bunch of jazz standards, really cool.
The food is pretty good, but we were there for the music and this place delivered a wonderful experience.
Great place to go with or without kids.   There were no other kids there so, don't get the impression it is a kids place.  Just a good option if you have kids and want them to experience great music.Fabulous food and great service, excellent drinks, and the best jazz band.  The best so far!2nd night in a row here! Great staff,
Amazing drinks, tasty food and fabulous bands.!!!Went for live music and obviously to get one of the t-shirts which are include instruments and puns. Bands play music for all legal ages. Crowd ranged from 21 - 55 and all were having a blast. If your looking to sit down and grab a table I recommend coming before 10pm. Otherwise the bar fills in waves from ridiculously packed to calm.Walking down Frenchmen Street we heard some swinging Ragtime music coming from this place. We looked in and saw a lot of people drinking, eating and dancing and having a good time. After a quick check on YELP and looking at the menu, we decided to give it a try. We both ordered the Classic Burger with cheese, onions and a sunny side egg for $14, and then added lettuce, tomato and pickles for $1 extra. $15 for burger and fries? Really? Well dear readers, in the French Quarter of the Big Easy, that is a cheap lunch. The meat of the burger tasted beefy. It was adequate and filled us up. But not anything more than that. I agree with the other 3 star reviewers. Come here for the music after you have eaten somewhere else.Had a drink, danced for a bit while the "real" swing dancers took a break. The apple cinnamon infused whiskey was super tasty. The food smelled and looked absolutely fabulous, so I'll have to check it out next time.
The whole bathroom attendant thing is tacky and gross, though, so get them out and I'd give another star for that alone.Best live music in NOLA, especially The Big Easy Brawlers! Came here every night during our stay - amazing live music, great cocktails and a super fun and attractive crowd. A Must-Go if you're on Frenchman Street. Hell, even if you're not on Frenchman make the journey over because this place is worth it.On the Frenchman St. strip of music joints, I think Maison takes the cake.  Plenty of room, a good crowd and no cover.  What more could you ask for?
Maybe a guy cooking steaks on a charcoal grill on the sidewalk right next door... Oh, did I mention? He's there, too.
For a change of pace on set breaks, you can always run across the street to the shoebox Japanese place for a lower-key vibe.this place is awesome! while it can get ridiculously crowded, it's worth it to make your way through the crowd to enjoy some great live music. Dysfunktional Bone was playing the night i stopped by with a few friends and they were awesome! they did some jazzy covers of some classic songs and kept the crowd going. they had Abita Amber beer on tap, which was pretty good and also had some interesting flavored liquors they make there and use in cocktails. MOST DEFINITELY worth a stop by for live music and it's much much better than the touristy and trashy Bourbon St stuff.Maison rocks.
Our Jazz Fest Quatro ended up here twice during the weekend.
The first time we came we had a delicious cajun sampler of crawfish bites, alligator bites and some other yums, paired up with too many fries (we ordered both sweet potato fries and garlic fries).
Theres lots of space to dance, great atmosphere.
$5 RUM PUNCH IN A BIG FRIGGIN CUP! A good deal...
Last night The Upstarters we playing, and we heard they play there every Weds night... They were AWESOME!
I love Frenchmen's Street. Glad to discover another spot I love in that hood.Awesome music and we got the chef's trio appetizer which was great. I got a sazerac though which was really lackluster and far too sweet, I think maybe it had too much simple syrup. Not sure about the other cocktailslive band
pirates
drinks
yes.Make sure to check out the 3rd floor...I'd been here a few times and didn't realize that there is a separate room upstairs with a different DJ.  Tons of fun!Music was 5 star, and dessert was 3 star...as for the food, I didn't try any. Maybe next time. I found this place while walking down Frenchmen street. I heard the live jazz band from outside and had to check it out.  I ended ordering some dessert to enjoy while listening to the soulful music. White chocolate bread  pudding was ehh. Very thick and doughy. While visiting New Orleans I've tried A LOT of bread pudding. The best so far believe it or not was at the movie theater (dine in service).Their food system is a bit weird, but I was still able to get a decent sandwich while they were converting this place from bar/restaurant to music venue. 
We saw the Dirty Bourbon River Show here on Lundi Gras, which was one of the greatest live shows that I've seen. My wife and I really dug Frenchman St., which we found to be a little less touristy and also have some great music venues. Maison is one of them.I found a $65 Groupon to take a mixology class for 2. The class was 'supposed' to start at 6pm, but it was more like 6:30pm. I found a great parking spot just around the corner, but street parking was nonexistent by the time I left after 7:30pm. I was disappointed that we didn't get to pour our own liquor/make our own drinks (something about Louisiana law). That would have been good to know when buying the Groupon. Luckily, the amazing bartenders made up for it. They provided a lot of history about each of the 4 drinks. They were also willing to answer our questions along the way. I'm usually not a fan of rum, but the hurricane was amazing! The Sazerac and Vieux Carre were mind blowing and the Pimm's Cup was good in an okay type of way. I just prefer a little more kick in my drinks. Overall, it was a fun time and the live music made it a lot better.Big Easy Brawlers held it downnnnn! Nice local spot to chill at on a visit to the N.O.We really enjoyed this spot! We were encouraged to come here for the live music, but still wanted to be able to chat with one another, so we went to the back bar, which has the acoustics set up just right, so you can still enjoy the music, but hear your own thoughts. The bartender also looked like just Khal Drogo from Game of Thrones which was a nice bonus! :)Maison is a pretty cool spot. Good live music, and a well stocked bar. Prices could probably come down a tad, and the staff should probably be required to cover their tattoos, since a lot of tourists looking for culture and a good time come through here. They have a main live act later in the evening, and everyone in the bar gets kicked out, which is kind of a bummer, unless they have tickets for that act. Looks like they have some food too, but there was nothing on the menu that I would eat as a vegetarian.Love it within 5 minutes!
Survive from the great beauty Aretha Franklin followed by Killing me Softly!
Great live musical performances live.My husband and I attended the Grayboy Allstars show on 4/23. Now, if this review was just for the music, it would be 5 stars. If it was even for the service or drinks, fine, probably like 3-4 stars. 
But OMG. This place has a BAD bug problem. You know the old saying, for every bug you see, there are 100 behind the walls? What about for every BRAVE bug you see? I was sitting at the large corner booth, cooling my poor feet while my husband was up front jamming, and I literally had to use the straw from my drink to fend off a cockroach that was living in the cracks of the wood there. He was not afraid of me. He was not afraid of the other people sitting at the booth with me (I didn't know them, there just weren't a lot of places to sit). He wanted to get by me, and he was not going to stop. After I poked at him a few times with my straw, he went scurrying back to the crack in the wood where he had about 5 buddies waiting. Then finally he would no longer be denied from whatever morsel was waiting on the other side of my butt, so I just got up and scooted out of the booth to let him by. Then I stood for the rest of the night, even though I'd been on my feet and walking all day long. 
I can't believe this place serves food.Band had a ton of energy with more of a Latin feel. Good place to teach your boyfriend how to salsa  drinks were easy to come by. Lots of fun!Great live jazz music! Service was a little slow but we only had some drinks.  Didn't have a chance to taste the food but it smelled great.So - I booked VIP tickets for New Year's Eve celebration on Frenchmen as I had decided to celebrate the Holiday and wanted to do so at a place on Frenchmen.  After purchasing my tickets in advance with promises of no lines and early access if I picked up my tickets / wrist bands early I arrive with my party around 9:30 PM to simply be kicked out of the place by VERY rude bouncers (who should not be running the place) and told to get in line to get back in.  Finally they let the paid people back in after a 30 / 40 minute wait in the cold.  Once in, the bars were not prepared for the crowd and they had one buffet line for possibly 500+/- guests who were there to celebrate.  Rice was not cooked (only my daughter was able to get through the line) and my girlfriend got cursed out by one of the fattest bouncers I have ever seen.  You guys really need to work on things and my advice to future NYE party goers.  Skip this place as it really does not have its act together.Music was great, lady at the door didn't seem interested in seating anyone, in spite of lots of empty tables.
Left after 15 minutes, without being able to order a drink.Do not miss this place for Sunday jitterbug brunch! Great music, great food, great service. Must get loaded Bloody Mary, well worth the $15. Chicken and waffles were fantastic!Great food! The selection/menu is a bit limited with the typical Louisiana staples. Good live bad. There is an upper level for large groups. The staff was really great.Great music!!!!!! The New Orleans Jazz Vipers were awesome!!!!! Oh, and the food was just as great too! GET THE DUCK!!!!Awesome food,,,,awesome music,,,,no cover ,,,,enjoyed the alligator sausage,,,,the pork bbq po boy was incredible ! 5 stars for the best music in new orleans !Really nice bar with live music, gets a bit cramped during weekends but we loved it here. Great beer selection, too!Wow. Completely disappointed in this New Year's Party. We bought tickets for open bar til 2am. They cut people off at 1am. Management is super shady on this. Not only did our tickets we purchase say til 2am they pulled the card that the open bar wasn't listed on the tickets from eventbrite. Management referenced the event on facebook that could have been changed since we bought tickets in November. We purposely bought tickets to this party since it said VIP open bar til 2am. No where did it say on emails or tickets that the bar closed before 2am. We'll never come back here again.If New Orleans were the night sky Maison would be my North Star.  This is always the first place I go to when am directionless for the night, which is about every fucking night in this city.  And from here, I always find my way.  
Maison is simply spectacular.  Amazing music, from funky jazz to belly dancing Kazaks that gets the crowd going despite not knowing what the fuck they are singing.  Good people, somehow less trashy and more attractive than the rest of the city, gathers here to celebrate and make merry.  Their club upstairs despite being a sweatbox, has music that will make you dance.  Latin, hip hop, whatever gets you going, pumped and ready despite (or maybe because of) the heat.  The memories I have at this bar are some of the best in a lifetime.  And you know I will be back again, my shining Polaris.Great music! The drummer seemed bored at first, then he busted out a sweet solo. I enjoyed the drinks and the atmosphere! We opted to come here rather than another jazz club down the street that smelled like farts, and I'm glad we did!Good place to see local music and grab a drink.  If you want extremely high quality music, go to Snug Harbor.  If you want extremely quality drinks, go to DBA.  If you want good drinks and decent music, La Maison is totally adequate.
There are no less than three stages at this place.  You can watch music on the two downstairs stages for no charge (generally).  There is an upstairs stage that charges a cover independent from the main door.  So beware.
I'm not sure what possessed me to order one of their "special" drinks - rum punch.  Basically something mixed up in a huge jug.  Juice and grain alcohol.  It didn't even begin to get me drunk! Rip off!  Stick to beer or drinks mixed in front of you and you'll be fine.
Support local music!!Jazz and zydeco club. We try to go to Frenchman St whenever we are in town. Eighth Dice Cloth was playing they were pretty good we liked the music. We did not dine here as we had a reservation down the street. It was easy to get a seat - we arrived at around 7pm and stayed for one set. Had a couple of local beers.
Mark & Nancy.