The old rectory building was turned into a bar and restaurant with french country decor. The cocktails, while fairly traditional, were on point and well made and not a terrible price at about $9/glass. The food was fabulous. We tried the crispy cauliflower, brussel sprouts, smoked fish, liver and toast, and the steak. I had trouble picking my favorite because they were all so good. The portions are small for the price but it is very delicious and worth the occasional splurge. If they ever decide to add a happy hour option, I would need to empty my bank account.Very fancy and upscale bar. We were here straight from the Jazz fest so we so under dressed. Basically in shorts and sandals. I was kinda embarrassed to walk inside when I saw that everyone else was in suits and nice dress. We weren't prepared for it though. They have nice fancy indoor seating and outdoor space is spectacular. If your hungry then this is not the place for your. That's exactly why we walked off after one round of drinks. Their food menu is not too exciting. So it's purely to socialize with your friends or spend time with your loved ones while grabbing some nice cocktails or wine. Definitely recommend coming here well dressed.Close to where we stayed, so we gave it a try. Looked at the menu items and wondered if we had made a mistake.  No way! So glad we stayed and tried multiple items to share.  It was all fantastic.  We would eat here again! Great service and lots of atmosphere.It should not take 30 minutes to get a drink from the bar. If you go on a Saturday night, prepare to wait that long for a drink. There is 1 bar, 2 bartenders and long waits.
Want to amend that we spoke with the manager about this, and she was super apologetic and accommodating. Great customer service. Highly impressed.
They also make a super killer mocktail and the Juliet and Romeo cocktail is awesome.What a sweet hidden spot- in a hotel carved out of an old church, you walk through the door market Rectory to discover a charming little lounge area, with the petite bar of maybe a dozen seats or so at the back.  Delicious cocktails, & a welcome quieter respite from the typical big brass bar scene of the French Quarter.  I recommend the drink Jack Rose.A bar with an awesome, hip vibe and looks, but with slow, inattentive service. 
The bar is in a renovated old church rectory and courtyard. Lovely decor and lighting. The drinks were good. 
The service staff often appeared frazzled and confused. Especially slow service. But maybe I went on a bad night.They did a great job with renovations and layout. A must see. The food was very good too. Would highly recommend.Great small bites and wonderful drinks. The atmosphere is so chill and inviting. Definitely my new spot to chill on the weekend!I remember when this restaurant was an actual Catholic Church/School. It is beautiful to see how the owners maintained the historic value of the building. Because it was a former Catholic Church/school is the nestled in the nostalgic Bywater neighborhood so a must for anyone visiting our city. The food at Elysian was excellent. The menu resembles more of a small plates/tapas menu. The homemade bread was amazing. We sat in the garden room which so breathtaking during the soft evening light. Perfect for when you want a romantic place to eat.The old rectory building was turned into a bar and restaurant with french country decor. The cocktails, while fairly traditional, were on point and well made and not a terrible price at about $9/glass. The food was fabulous. We tried the crispy cauliflower, brussel sprouts, smoked fish, liver and toast, and the steak. I had trouble picking my favorite because they were all so good. The portions are small for the price but it is very delicious and worth the occasional splurge. If they ever decide to add a happy hour option, I would need to empty my bank account.Super tasty food.  Every last dish really outstanding. This place defines ambiance. Every little thing has been carefully purchased, made, and placed. To be plain it just feels good to be in there. There are a bunch of little rooms and at first feels funny and disjointed but once oriented feels like an old family members home.  The bar is ok.  The bartenders seem stressed out and there are stickers on the fruit in the garnish bowl, eww. They are new and there's always things to work out with a new place opening so hopefully will just get better and better. Eat everything!!Woah! What a fabulous dinner! -- So fabulous we went back for brunch the next morning! 
We got a series of small plates-- which we shared between the four of us- I think this was ideal, because we got the opportunity to try even more delicious dishes! It's hard to narrow down a favorite, but seeing as we ordered the grits for both lunch and dinner, that was definitely near the top! 
The cocktails were absolutely divine-- - the aperol spritz and the Romeo and Juliette are both perfect for a warm NOLA day! 
I love the decor- they've managed to keep the integrity of such a beautiful and historical venue- while also creating a modern and classy feel! 
The staff was super friendly and checked in several times! We felt well taken care of -- definitely going back on our next trip to New Orleans!Outstanding food. We had the Gulf Shrimp , Brussels sprouts,ricotta mash, Confit Chicken and  steamed Mussels. Every plate was great. The setting is traditional and very nice.I loved this place so much, I came here twice! And, I was staying in the Garden District, which is not a short commute. I love NOLA public transportation, so once that was sorted coming was not so much of a hassle.  It's conveniently located next to Frenchman. 
Ambiance. Ambiance. Ambiance. This place has it, and more. The food is all made with care, delicious. The drinks are SO GOOD. A vermouth drink? Never did I think I would enjoy that. But clearly others weren't made right, certainly not like this. Try them here. Service allows for mingling and leisure. This place is meant to be taken slowly, so don't be in a rush. I came for Brunch and for late night cocktails. Both great times to visit.
I highly recommend their pate. I will be back!Amazing! Delicious food and awesome drinks and wine selection! Will definitely bring people visiting town as it also has a great ambience and New Orleans-vibe.Fab atmosphere .... been here for brunch. Classy n cool. Back bar is amazing. Put on your list.If you visit this establishment be sure to order the brussel sprouts. They were fantastic! Don't expect too much in the way of good service from the hostess to the waitstaff.Severely underwhelmed by the drinks, the menu and the service. The place was GORGEOUS and has a ton of potential. But for the pricing I'd rather plenty of other places.This place is very cool. The bar/restaurant is the old rectory. We sat in what would have originally been the kitchen which looked out over the courtyard and the church's stained glass windows. The chocolate mousse was to die for as was the whipped ricotta with tapanade and pickled onions. They have a selection of "less" alcoholic drinks including spritzers if you're still worn from your time on Bourbon Street. I highly recommend this place. It was definitely an experience.Wonderful spot for a cocktail! My husband and I heard of this place from our server at American Bywater Bistro and had to try it out! The cocktails are fantastic; I had the Juliet and Romeo and he had the Boulevardier. We enjoyed them both and were very pleased! Luckily, we came at around 7pm and easily found a table and quick service at the bar. I would definitely recommend for the experience as the aesthetic is beautiful and certainly unique.This place is heavenly! Every . Single . Bite. Is delicious!! Great for date night or just any night. Service was excellent and oh did I mention the food was AMAZING! It's taking everything in my power to not order everything I just had AGAIN. Ambiance 5stars ,food 5 stars  and service 5 stars !! Go now!YOU MUST GO HERE!! For real the ambience, food, cocktails, liquor selection.... its all flawless. Delicious delicious. Went with a group of friends and tried just about everything on the menu. Some favorites were the chicken liver (needs to come with more bread though), the shrimp, and the brussel sprouts. We did not make a reservation and just had to wait at the bar for about 20 minutes. They had less space since it was raining and the patio was closed, but otherwise any wait at all is well worth it.AMAZING! Drinks, food and atmosphere was to of the line! We ordered many dishes but it absolute favorite was the grits! That's a must! You can't really go wrong with anything or this menu. Service was on point as well!I only walked in to take in the scene. 
The plate pricing is similar to Mimi's.  The vibe of the lounge is conservative and uptowny. The clientelle were middle-aged. The bar seemed slightly hipper.
I see it as a good place to meet up with your moneyed aunt when she comes to visit.Another local restaurant with good eats who can't be bothered to update their menu but sure as hell can bother to raise their prices. Chicken was $15, now it's $20. Gotta get those tourist dollars baby! Or the old people who spent $500k on their Marigny house, they love a good $20 chicken leg.Amazing food and even more amazing atmosphere.  In an old church that is not restored.  Everyone was so dressed up and there was a harp player.  I felt like we were in a super cool movie with great food.  One of our favorite nola placesVisited The Elysian Bar during its Aperitivo Hour (from 3-6) and was not disappointed. When we arrived at 5PM on a Sunday, it was nearly empty. Whether that had to do with the day or the fact that there was a home Saints game starting was an entirely different question, but we were content as we had our choice between the outdoor patio, the indoor parlour room, or the classic bar setting. We sat in the extremely well-lit parlour room which was flooded with natural light and greenery, and enjoyed many drinks off of the Aperitivo menu. 
We first tried the Ferreira Porto Branco Tonic and the Lillet Rose Spritz. The Ferreira was on the sweeter side, and had a very rich honey flavor. The Lillet was much dryer, and despite the 'berries' ingredient listing, was much less sweet. For round two we went with the Cocchi Americano spritz and the Aperitivo Cappelletti. Both of these were better than their round one predecessors; the cocchi american was unbelievably refreshing with its basil notes, and the cappelletti was the perfect summer cocktail that was sweet but not too sweet. 
The service was attentive but not overly so, and despite the house getting much fuller closer to the dinner hour, we never felt rushed despite our refusal of the food menu. The Elysian is the perfect spot for truly any occasion, be it a quiet date or a light meal with parents. The $7 cocktail deal is a steal for the quality of the drinks, not to mention the quaint environment that you get to enjoy them in.I had high expectations for this place. But sadly the waitress that we were assigned to ruined everything. Never refill our water while the whole restaurant was just 1/5 occupied. Came straightly to take our plates away without even asking us. Stand behind us after we finished the food, trying to pressure us to leave.
Won't recommend this place to any of my friends. So many nice restaurants in the New Orleans are waiting for us, the tourists, to try out. I am so regret I waste my time to came here while I could have gone to other places:(This place is really COOL. We also got a tour of the hotel and all I can say is WOW .This is a MUST SEE . We will be back ! !We stopped by here for some late-night food at around 11 as their site says the restaurant is open until midnight. They had already stopped serving so I have to ding a star for that (and for the fact that their polite staff gave off a hint of "oh great, someone showed up when we were hoping to start shutting down").
Otherwise, the place is beautiful and the drinks are excellent. I had a Penicillin (it was my first drink after catching a cold here) and my wife had a Juliet & Romeo. I think I liked hers just a little better but both were very well balanced. 
The gorgeous bar was full so we sat out on the gorgeous patio flanked by the stained glass windows. I didn't realize this was from the Bacchanal people but that makes me think this place will only get better so we'll definitely be back next time.This was a wonderful space and felt magical. Drinks were served and cute. Just ordered a few snacks, liked the fish but not the ricotta. Can't wait to return to sit out on the patio. The rum old fashioned was crisp, sweet and the apple slice was a refreshing take on a classic cocktail. The Argyle Brut was also spot on and a lovely glass of bubbly.My human loved this bar, very chill vibe, but with a refined atmosphere. Great cocktail!We were very excited about trying this restaurant because of the stellar reviews, but could not have been more disappointed. Our cocktails were good, but the food was nothing to be impressed by. The "main courses" are barely an appetizer size, and the gulf shrimp was over cooked and was absolutely not fresh. Extremely salty and freezer burnt. The beet dish was actually great, but not worth the price. The oysters were good, but small and in a city where they are usually 1/3 the price, they weren't impressive.
It is a beautiful venue, but we needed to wear our coats because we were so cold. And our server only talked to us to take our order and give us the check. We were never asked if we wanted another round of drinks or had water refilled. 
We are still talking about how disappointed we were with the food at this price point! We are all servers in the industry and are very understanding, but this really was a disappointment on our trip.I don't make reviews often, but when I do, they're either for exceptional experiences (my tailor in Boston who's the sweetest person on earth), or for rancid, horrid, absolutely trash experiences (like the one I am CURRENTLY having at The Elysian Bar). The front of house was very kind and accommodated my support animal, but a so single member of the waitstaff managed to ruin what was a nice start. We were sat on the back porch, which gave me all of the trappings of an authentic New Orleans swamp - cold, damp, and our table smelled revolting. More on the table - it was wet to the touch and left a weird residue on the napkin that I tried to use to wipe it off, much like the disgusting grease left on a napkin from a $1 slice of pizza in New York. At least with that, you get to eat a decent piece of pizza. Next, the waiter was strangely passive aggressive and sarcastic. I look young, yes, but I am of age to drink and can certainly make my mind up when to have a mixed drink or a cocktail. The waiter seemed incapable of understanding that I didn't want to start a night out at a restaurant (at 7:00 PM) with a drink, and made several remarks along the lines of "are you SURE" and other, similar, smart-assed comments. When it came time to order, my girlfriend asked for the cheese on the side of the salad - a fairly mundane and simple remark. Rather than saying that the chef didn't like to modify dishes (which is completely fair), the waiter talked over her and said it wasn't worth ordering. A nice sentiment, but weird timing and it was rude. He also went into detail about how much butter was used on the fish, which was again odd, and made it extremely unappealing to think about. He then proceeded to make comments about "how light the meal we chose was". Get fucked. If I want to have a nice, romantic dinner with my girlfriend before going and getting drunk and eating hamburgers at midnight, I should be able to do so without my waiter commenting on it. The food was good, and the menu was clearly marked fit allergies, which was nice. That being said, the tastiness of the food did not make up for the rancid atmosphere and rude waiter. Will not be coming here again, save for if a terrorist cell threw me into the back of a van and forced me, at gunpoint, to deal with the service again.Amazing Service, Amazing choice of liquors, Amazing food, and the place is so pretty as well. Will definitely stop here everytime I'm in New Orleans.It was Valentines Day so we got there early and scored a perfect little corner table by the fireplace. Our waitress, Alison, was exceptionally wonderful. She exuded warmth and hospitality, didn't rush us, and allowed us to enjoy our drinks before ordering dinner. We both had the trout special with white asparagus, blood oranges and pea shoots. It was delicious. 
The only downside was that the front door kept slamming shut, and the noise unfortunately became the focus of our experience. I asked a gentleman at the front if something could be done, and he said it was from having the back patio doors open, creating a draft. It was visibly affecting everyone around us- I heard other tables complaining so I know it wasn't just our experience. Hard to enjoy the ambience when your nerves feel like they're being hammered, but otherwise, beautiful food and exceptional service.Beautiful Bar with a gorgeous outdoor courtyard. Loved the setting and really feels like you are transported into another world.
The drinks were fantastic! Beautifully made cocktails. 
The staff were young and cool but service let the bar down. The service was extremely slow. It took a long time to turn table around and took us 20 minutes to get 3 drinks from the bar.I think this place has bad reviews by a bunch of Karen's. This ticks all the boxes. The atmosphere alone is phenomenal and of course the OG bar was great, but damn this church + cocktails is da bomb. 4.5  starts but 1/2 starts bc I didn't eat any of the menu items. Some witch said "salty and bitter drinks" in earlier reviews, ok Karen , have you heard of amaro? She obviously didn't read the ingredients in the cocktail before ordering.I love this place so much! It's never too crowded and manages to be both cozy and chic at the same time. The cocktails are flawless and the service is impeccable. I've been there several times and love it there more and more every time. It's inside the Hotel Peter and Paul, a gorgeous converted church complex. I love what this whole complex of old church buildings is becoming. The church itself has been gutted, leaving an amazing event and performance space. I hear they have pilates classes there too! The old convent is a newly opened ice cream shop and there's even a coffee shop too!
The place was nominated for a James Beard award this year and then named one of Bon Appetit's Hot 10 Restaurants. It's easy to understand why. Everything from the decor to the service is pure perfection. 
Inside the unrecognizable, old rectory you can chose from several different environments to settle into. The first room you enter is golden and inviting, dominated by a working fireplace and cushy seating. The next room is covered in red and white plaid. Then there's a proper dining room filled with plants and light, and at the very back you can enjoy sitting at the bar, or outside in a lovely courtyard. 
Enough about the incredible atmosphere and on to the food and drink, which is equally exquisite. The food is spectacular, best enjoyed as a family meal, so you can taste a variety of dishes. I had the pleasure of trying the Fried Brussels Sprouts, Baked Sunchoke Custard and the Grilled Okra and Crispy Eggplant, all of which I highly recommend. The food was delicious, creative and left me wanting to eat more. 
The cocktail menu has all the classics, as well as a bunch of delicious and creative cocktails. My favorite part of the drink menu is the apertivo menu where you can order wonderful spritzes and tonics! No happy hour, but the apertivo menu is $7 from 3-6pm. All the cocktails are reasonable at $10 each. 
There are plenty of vegetarian options and just a couple of vegan dishes. No reservations, but I've never had trouble getting a table. Let's hope that doesn't change with its newfound popularity. Whether you're going for a casual drink or an enjoyable dinner you really can't go wrong at The Elysian Bar.Stepping into the Elysian Bar feels like stepping into another world. Located in a former church, each room has been decorated to have its own personality. We were seated in the sun room, which was really a treat with so many hanging plants. 
We ordered the duck egg omelette and the mussels. I was a little disappointed in the omelette, I thought it was pretty bland. The mussels, however, were packed with flavor. I highly recommend ordering more bread to soak up the yummy tomato broth. It will be hard not to order the mussels next time I'm back.
Aperitivo Hour aka happy hour is from 3-6 with $7 spritzes and tonics. All the drinks are so unique and flavorful. I wasn't sure which one to get and the waitress was very helpful in finding one that I liked.We came here on a quick run early evening, not realizing it was such a nice place (reservations recommended) we were hungry and wanted good fresh food around Frenchman street. 
We had 2 cocktails that were good and the half chicken with ricotta gnocchi that was perfectly cooked and so delicious. 
We split one dish, but we weren't very hungry. I'd recommend to get 2 dishes as they are mostly small plates or medium size. 
Overall- I wish we can here for our anniversary dinner instead of going somewhere else.. I'll go there again for a nice dinner sometime.Love this place so much. I am a big fan of speakeasies and this reminded me so much of one. It was darkly lit and had amazing decor and a romantic, warm atmosphere. I loved how they had four different seating sections so you could choose what kind of vibe you wanted and everything flowed together perfectly. The drinks were fairly priced for the flavors. Juliet and Romeo and Jack Rose were delicious and photogenic. Jack Rose reminded me of an Aviation. Come here to impress a date or to get comfy with friends for good conversation.I love everything about this bar. The entire place is gorgeous, staff is kind and accommodating. The drinks are sooo good, the foods great. We essentially sampled every cocktail of the menu tonight and they were all strong but very tasteful with great ingredients. Right now only the patio portion is open and they do require reservations but it was easy to get one last minute for a table of fourOne of my new favorite places in the whole wide world. Excellent service,cocktails and food, In a beautiful setting. Alex our server was knowledgeable and on spot with his recommendations. An asset to the Elysian.I don't give reviews often, but this time my experience is really BAD. 
The Gulf Fish said market price, which is totally reasonable. 
But when you get charged $32 for 3 pieces of fish, and the waiter rudely take your dishes out and stand behind you expecting you to leave, you just can't be more disappointed with such high expectations for this place. 
Also, the served oyster is basically half the size of what you can get at other oyster shop in New Orleans, a place is know for oysters.What an awesome place! I didn't sit at the bar but in the little dining area which was so cozy. There was a fireplace which was perfect since the day we ate there it was rainy and chilly outside. The drinks were great and the service fantastic.  The food was exquisite! We ordered the pâté, carrots and shrimp and each dish was fantastic. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the bottarga crumbs were the perfect topping adding flavor and crunch. The carrots was also phenomenal - sautéed and placed on a carrot romanesco sauce and topped with crunchy carrot pieces.  It was quite possibly the best meal I had in NOLA. I cannot rave more about this place.  I would highly recommend stopping by.Do not waste your time and money here! I have never experienced such rude management and poor service in my entire life, especially for this price point. Starting with the snobby/arrogant hostess who would not let us be seated in a group of more than 6 or to occupy the bar space because it was against covid protocols, as it only had six spaces. But, an hour later we go inside to see 12 people at the bar and a table of 7 having two tables pushed together. I am fine abiding by health and safety protocols and would not have a complaint if they didnt blatantly lie to us, while violating it to serve a different "class" because it would mess up their "flow". Also, after someone had canceled and our party was then 6, we were seated outside and they forgot one chair and wanted 3 people to squeeze onto a love seat bench. But after much protest they gave us another chair without a cushion and when asked they refused to provide one, even though there were at least 7 other empty tables with chairs. I am still appalled by this experience and recommend anyone to look elsewhere in the city for an upscale experience worth the money.Nice lunch and afternoon in the beautiful renovated Hotel Peter and Paul complex,, formally Sts,. Peter and Paul church.  The restaurant, bar and coffee shop are on the first floor of the rectory.  No table service during lunch so you order at coffee shop or bar,  not a problem because staff is very friendly and helpful.  Lunch menu is small but nice, had the Smoked Gulf Fish with avocado, yogurt, pickled  mustard seed on crisp croutons and it was very good. Next had an excellent Duck Egg Omelette with Choupique Caviar and chives and nice butter sauce and beautiful salad.  These are small plates so you get to try more things. Nice wine list and bar for cocktails to enhance lunch. Very nice patio when weather cooperates but although small they have plenty of inside seating with two very nice double parlors,  bright dining area that overlooks the patio or you can eat at the bar with it's Gohic designed shelves that look as if they came directly out of the church.  Bartender was very friendly,  as is all the staff and the kitchen is command by Veg Alex Harrell of Angeline fame and he was the opening chef at Sylvain so you know you will always have a great meal.Beautiful restaurant, great staff, amazing food! We got beets, Brussel sprouts, beef shoulder, and fish of the day. Everything was perfect!Well, it was amateur night last night at this place.  Needless to say we were so excited to be going as the hype was over the top.  The fact that this beautiful old building has been saved is noteworthy.   However, think twice before you go.  You cannot get a cocktail while you wait to be seated.  In fact, you have to wait on the street in a not great area.  Once we were seated, the hostess ran through the lengthy COVID rules.  For example,  if you need to use the restroom,  you must wear a mask (no problem).  But, you cannot just return to your seat the way you came.  In order to keep one way flow (and, they were not busy at all), you must exit the building walk around to the front door and re-enter.  We were given one menu to share between six people and when we asked for at least one more, we were told she would try to find one.  No ginger beer, no Mr. Gay rum, either.  The two appetizers were OK.  Nothing special.   Four of the six entrees were EXTREMELY salty.  The chef made a late appearance at the table with a half-hearted offer to give us something else.   No discount on the food.  The waitress told us the Gulf fish was Sheepshead Trout.  No such thing.  She was adamant that she was correct,  but came back later to tell us we were right.  No cocktail napkins,  so the condensation from the glasses dripped on our legs.  Then there was the birthday cake we brought as a surprise for two of our party.  As the waitress was clearing the table she announced that she would be right back with the birthday cake.  She returned with the cake still in the box with a few candles thrown in.  She did, at least have a lighter.  We had to open the box, light the candles, cut and serve the cake.
The menu is very limited.  The service uncaring and the food not good.   We won't be back.We had the grits and tomato braised mushroom with poached egg. I wanted to lick the bowl afterward. That tomato sauce was to die for. We also had chicken liver toast with a pickled or sweet beet topping and the caviar garnished creamy omelette. My goodness, they are not stingy with those high quality, rich ingredients. Amazing meal. I would come back for the grits alone (or ship that sauce to Seattle please!)This is the cutest cafe and bar! The ambiance itself is worth the trip. The food is good and the staff is so kind! If you're lucky, you might spot the cute resident cat roaming the corridors.We made a meal out of the appetizers on two evenings. They were both excellent. One of the nights we had crawfish, grits and brussel sprouts. They were all great but crawfish stood out. It was in a saffron-butter sauce. On the second night we had an endive salad, crawfish (again) and roasted carrots. The carrots were probably the best we had eaten anywhere. It was with a wonderful berbere spice. Our hostess was charming. The place is wonderfully warm and pretty. The cocktails were great. We also tried their gluten free chocolate dessert with seed brittle. Again, excellent.Kind of don't even want this place to be discovered. Selfishly. Gorgeous interior and exterior. A gem. Food was great too!We went here for a nice dinner for a friend's bday. We should NOT have gone to a place like this because one of the group of 6 was too hammered to avoid napping at the table...but that's no reason that the bday boy should have to suffer, right? Right. This place hit on all cylinders: decor, ambiance, cocktails, service, and of course, the food. 
We ordered a few apps and each got an entree, and we shared everything. I don't have a single complaint. I went with the duck confit and honestly the farro and squash were so damn good a dog could have jumped up and stolen the duck leg and I wouldn't have been even slightly upset. Don't get me wrong, the duck was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious, but that's how good the food was---the side was trying to steal the show! 
As I mentioned before, we literally had a friend napping at our table and our server didn't blink an eye. Instead, she provided excellent service and made sure we were well taken care of! 
I'm glad we chose to step it up for dinner. We will definitely return next time we're in NOLA!Our first stop. It didn't disappoint!  Drinks were fantastic. The duck egg omelet was melt in your mouth tender with a perfectly dressed arugula s salad on the side. The shrimp with Calabrian chili's were to die for. Chef Alex even came out to check on us and talk football!  It was the highlight of our trip!ate here after my graduate school graduation and it was great. service was spot on. very convenient to bywater, marigny, or fq.Beautiful ambiance, incredible food and drinks! Definitely would recommend. The melon salad and whipped ricotta dishes were great. Also has a good wine selection.I must say The Elysian Bar quite impressed me. The food is phenomenal. And the space is just gorgeous. 
 The decor is grand and refined. Cozy, yet spacious. My friend and I decided to sit in these oversized  padded chairs in the center of the room left  of the entrance. There was a fire going in the fire place. A beautiful massive mirror that almost reached the ceiling above the mantle.  A tall grandfather clock to the left of it. & Smaller tables lining the room 
The next room had a long padded bench running the length of one wall, small tables with single chairs in front of it, and a curtained canopy above. There were two smaller rooms with more lighting and larger tables which had the feeling of a family dining table. The bar is in a room of itself as well, and there is an enclosed courtyard as well. 
As for the food, we order the brussel sprouts [cripsy, tangy, savory, wonders], whipped feta, smoked gulf fish on avocado Toast [best thing ever], and the duck egg omlet [not so impressive]. I will for sure be back and bringing friends!I'm writing this review in hopes that the management reads it and takes action. The staff needs to be re-trained. 
When the Elysian Bar first opened the staff was very well trained. Efficient, congenial and friendly without being intrusive. But since opening, the quality of service has been in decline and for many of us from the neighborhood who visit the bar regularly, it has gone from increasing discomfort to a feeling of dread of disappointment when we consider going. 
It is such a beautiful space- it is a shame that the level of service is not on par with what it should be and was when it first opened. 
Please re-train your wait staff.  There are several disappointed guests in this list of reviews all saying the same thing. 
If creating a good experience for your guests is not your wait staff's first priority, I don't understand what the point is. This is not a drink-til-you-puke bar in the French Quarter, this is marketed as an upscale bar, yet the service is often sullen and disinterested, almost to the point of being combative.  I know our experiences are not an aberration because when this subject comes up at social functions, others within earshot, will chime in with similar thoughts. 
In the past, the service has been hit or miss but now it is mostly miss. It feels that there is a lack of oversight. If a manager spent some time observing the demeanor of the staff during guest interactions, I'm sure the weak points would reveal themselves quickly. 
We don't want to spend our time and money at a place where poor service is the most prominent feature.Pretty as a prayer book, this place is magical! The dining room --in a church--had incredible acoustics and the piano player was excellent. The food was wonderful! The cocktails were perfect! I would like to live in a Groundhog Day-style time loop of my evening there. I can't wait to go back!So based on the actual venue alone, this place is five stars and beyond, but based on everything else I had to take one away. We sat in the church, which is, to say the least, breathtaking. They had a live harpist playing which was beautiful. Quite loud inside as the massive structure reverberates sound. The service was unfortunately sub-par for how pricy the dining experience is though, and our particular server was not the most personable or forthcoming with menu recommendations. When asked about an off-menu espresso martini or alcoholic coffee beverage, he told us there was only one bartender for the entire restaurant so they absolutely would not be doing that because they didn't have time. 
The drinks we did get were tasty: Mexican firing squad (spicy fresh play on a margarita), Juliet and Romeo (my favorite-light, tart, and refreshing), widow's kiss (very strong-didn't love it), boulevardier (also very strong-my husband didn't love it), holy mimosa (expensive for basically a standard mimosa).
For food: we started with the giardiniera picked vegetables (nice crispy pickle veggies), whipped ricotta (not as rich as I'd hoped, but the "sourdough" pancake it came with to eat on was quite tasty). And the for entree we got the fried Brussel sprouts (deliciously lightly sweet and crispy) and Wagyu chuck filet (very tasty and cooked perfectly medium).
Overall, we are so glad we went because it really is a beautiful place-that helped make up for lack of service and overpriced somewhat mediocre food. We will likely go back, but not in any rush, and will be just for drinks and to see the venue in the future.This restaurant is a real treat, especially for those of us who have felt the grief of not traveling. The historical beauty inside this place can immediately transport you into a tranquil bliss as you enjoy a delightful meal and delicious cocktails. 
For brunch I ordered the Gulf Shrimp & Stone Ground Grits. The shrimp were cooked perfectly, as were the grits. The flavors of the tomatoes, caramelized onions and bacon with the grits was lovely and definitely something I would order again. We also ordered the almond & ricotta fritters...these are really delicious! They are sweet but not overly sugary and the mint garnish gives a nice zing to the dish. I would also recommend these! 
I enjoyed the Cameron's Kick Cocktail and it was perfectly made. I felt like it was a well made drink but one I could enjoy with my meal, not overly strong like many whiskey cocktails can be. 
Regarding safety, they are doing an excellent job. Tables are spread far more than the minimum 6feet apart. All staff wore masks and wore them properly. They ask that guests to wear masks when up from the table and when the servers approach the table. We felt very safe the entire time.
My only complaint is that service toward the end was a bit slow but we also understand the servers are covering tables on both sides of the restaurant and with social distancing, they literally have farther to go to get things done. The quality of service otherwise was fantastic!My wife and I our in New Orleans for our honeymoon. We treated ourselves to some fine dining at The Elysian. Best dinner we had without a doubt! Would highly recommend!The aesthetic alone is worth a visit. But then when you see the prices for such s beautiful, new and hip space you are astonished. Wine and cocktails under $10. Whoa! We went on a beautiful Sunday and truly enjoyed ourselves. Nothing Like sitting in a courtyard that was once a rectory, drinking champagne and apperol spritz. I can't speak on the food but the menu looked fabulous and seasonal. Great and appealing sharable bar bites. I most definitely will be back for dinner next trip.This place is truly a hidden gem & my favorite little spot in all of NOLA! Their cocktails are delicious, I had the C'est Chic. The small intimate bar has this amazing wood backdrop- very cool. My sister & I had the whipped ricotta as well as the Calabrian Chili butter Gulf shrimp. The whipped ricotta was really lacking in flavor despite the dill, mushrooms, pickled onions. The flatbread served w the whipped ricotta was better than the actual whipped ricotta. The Calabrian chili butter Gulf shrimp was the best shrimp I have ever had in my life!! The butter at the bottom of the roasted shrimp cast iron was so good we were dipping the flatbread in it with no shame. If you're looking for a quaint place a bit off the beaten path, check this place out!The food was absolutely delicious with a modern twist of southern flavors and textures.  Excellent service as well.  Highly recommend!What a disappointment. Very little of this meal was worth praising.
We originally had a table inside (which was as gorgeous in person as the photos show), but opted to sit in the covered area outside earlier in the day due to a time crunch. The Elysian Sour cocktail was probably the best part of the meal. The fritters were also very good. Besides those things, the rest of the meal was fine at best.
The riccota was good, though a bit simple and expensive for what it was. We opted to go for the extra bread (a $5 charge) upon being recommended to do so by our server. When the two modest pieces of bread were brought with the ricotta and we inquired as to where the extra was, we were told that was it. The bread was good, but for pretty standard bread coated in butter/oil, it felt like a complete ripoff to have to pay extra for it. The pieces are so small that you effectively are forced to get the extra to eat all the riccota. The shrimp and grits were fine, though I've always been bothered when shrimp heads are left on when you're paying a decent amount for the food. In something like shrimp and grits where it's a fairly messy meal, you have to either lose some of the meat or reach into your meal and get your hands dirty in soupy grits. Either way, I was fishing antennae, guts, shells out of the bowl while trying to eat it. Some of the heads were smashed when it was served which is pretty unappetizing. Staff was fine, though I did witness a lot of drinks losing their liquid as they were carried to the tables.
The outdoor atmosphere was a huge step down. While not totally the restaurant's fault since it was outdoors, we were surrounded by flies the entire meal. Some of them made their way into food and drinks while we were eating. There were at least ten flies on our table and plates and glasses on several occasions. Having fans could be helpful. Additionally, despite being covered, there was a hole in the cover that led to a pretty steady stream of water coming down onto me, forcing me to move. It was a real bummer, especially because we had earlier acknowledged how we were pleased with the outdoor arrangement.
I had no expectations of this place, as I had not previously heard of it, but it was really a letdown. It seems to attract a certain type of young, hip crowd, but there is just so much better food in this city.This a fun bar. Lovely decor. Wonderful little courtyard. Delicious cocktails (the Ojos Verde and Parisian Mai Tai were stand outs). Great beer selection. Amazing bartenders and waitstaff. We only had a few of the small plates to share, and they were all very solid as well.I was told The Elysian Bar was affiliated with the Peter and Paul Hotel and that this property used to be a church. Immediately I wanted to explore this bar because any business that revamps a church is already golden in my book.
My experience is based solely on their drink menu and a dessert so I can't wait to come back for dinner. This place is very packed so if you prefer to sit down it may take a moment. Lucky for us we were a party of two and they had a table closer to the bar.
The bar is situated all the way towards the back and damn was it packed. It looked like a human version of a can of sardines. I honestly never understood that phrase until now haha. Bartenders were a pro handling the large crowd of folks. I'd say this is more a late 20s to early 40s crowd at the bar.
Their signature menu is great and the cocktails are prepared very nicely. I loved that their menu is heavier on the bourbon side. Definitely after my heart. I know I had some from the menu but I wish I could recall lol.Maybe Covid has really interfered with their great service and lavish menu. We spent $114 and just felt a little ripped off with salty and bitter cocktails, a few shrimp after a lengthy wait to get the cocktail. The chicken was delicious . The atmosphere was a nice change of pace, but we were expecting to be blown away, but nothing to say 'we must go back'.  The hibiscus margarita from Buffalo Wild Wings leaves a bigger imprint in mind than the cocktail tonight. We asked about the bar we saw in photos, just wondering where it was because it was beautiful, and the server snapped back 'well it's closed' .Located in the bywaters, this bar/restaurant is a part of Hotel Peter & Paul. Upon walking in, I instantly fell in love with the charming looks of the establishment. The shotgun style hall led a group of us to the cozy but very lively crowd at the bar! During our visit, we ordered a variety of gin based cocktails, though I couldn't remember the names, were well curated and absolutely tasty! 
Seats at the bar were limited so we decided to sit outside in the courtyard. While outside, one of the servers saw that a couple of us were shivering from the cold weather, so he immediately turned on the patio heater to keep us comfortably warm. Kudos to him!! 
Elysian bar also serves food but I didn't get a chance to try them out. I heard good things about the food so I'm definitely going to return for dinner when I'm back in town! Bar servers were quick with our orders, they certainly deserve 5/5!What a beautiful setting tucked away in a historical building. Had a few classic drinks and enjoyed the  small plates. The whipped ricotta was amazing. Service was on point. Great date night location.The most amazing experience! I came early with the kids before the kitchen for dinner opened and they seated us in the patio. We had a lovely tea service! The chai was amazing and we're Indian and particular about that. We then had several other children and adults join us for dinner.  Our waiter, Cole, was super attentive and accommodating to us and the kids. We  literally ordered the entire menu and all the food was finger licking! The ambiance was amazing.  Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!   Highly highly recommendExcellent all the way around--atmosphere, service and especially the food. We enjoyed small plates including their Chicken Liver Pate, Fried Brussels Sprouts, and Whipped Ricotta. Their basic titles don't do these dishes justice.This place was located in the area of elysium seafood however this place was bomb bar tender was welcoming g up beat personality super friendly made amazing drinks very sociable and made me so happy to be visiting making my experience with the oyster place in this area void.
This man is a great mixologist and great at hospitality and conversation. I would come back for drinks anytime. !Drop Dead Gorgeous bar. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food is good. The drinks are fun and not too serious. The hotel next door is beautiful and there is also a super cute ice cream parlor next door called Sundae Best.A breath of fresh air...My first trip since living in Covid-land.  I arrive in New Orleans do my quarantine, test negative and then take myself out to the Elysian Bar for a celebratory drink & snack.  I choose specifically to come to NOLA given the city wide vaccination/negative test mandated to be in indoor public places.  Every staff member was so incredibly kind, knowledgeable, and went the extra mile even though I was dining solo.  Not only did they answer all of my questions regarding the current policies in the city they also recommended a very helpful app called Clear where you can register your vaccination card and ID as I casually mentioned I'm terrified of misplacing it on my journey.  
Everything I ordered was heavenly...the menu is perfectly designed with something for everyone but not too much to choose from and it was clear there is a dedication to using top quality and sustainable ingredients.  
Will be singing their praises from every mountain top...thank you Cecily, Sophia, Tim & Kyle and the whole team bringing their talents to the table for us to enjoy.Went to dinner here tonight and we had the best time. We enjoyed our dinner in the chapel, which is so beautiful. The stained glass windows are in great condition and they have the lira dimmed for a very intimate ambiance. We ordered the whipped ricotta, the Brussel sprouts, the chicken, beef shoulder, and crab gnocchi, along with a few drinks. Everything was incredible. It was our favorite meal in the city so far.LISTEN FOLKS THAT LOVES COCKTAILS!!!! This spot used to be an Old Church! So i had to put the above sentence in caps because I felt kind of odd when i was drinking a cocktail in the church. 
Now, structure wise, this spot is pretty awesome. i enjoyed seeing the different room settings,wall colors, lightning and even the little cool stools.  Now when i got to the bar i must say this spot was packed with a crowd of folks looking for a great cocktail. There is also outside seating right outside the bar (it is first come first serve no reserved table seating for outside). I felt much better drinking outside the church as to sitting inside. The cocktail menu had very cool crafted cocktails. I will be back and hopefully everything is just as remembered!