Came to New Orleans to visit and looking for a place to watch the UFC fights was not easy. This place had the fights on with no cover charge! Some of the reviews said that the bartenders were rude but I would disagree. The two bartenders were awesome! They were direct and you better know what you want. But the more I hung out there the more I loved it! Awesome local bar. I would definitely go back. Food was ok. We got the pizza. Go there for the beerGreat place for a late night burger! I live on the Westbank but we stay downtown every year for Mardi Gras.  After the Endymion ball, and usually several other times during the weekend, we go to the Jimani for a hangover burger and shrimp poppers.  The beers are always good and cold, and they have a pretty good selection.  The bartenders have always been super friendly and we always meet someone interesting.  We would probably eat there a lot more often, but usally when we go downtown we venture to the Marigny side instead and end up at 13. The bar has a good mix of locals and out of towners without being a cheesy tourist trap.  I have never been for a Saints game or sporting event but it seems like it would be a pretty great place to watch a game.  Also, the picture of the lady flipping off the camera from the hospital bed is amazing! Love this place and wish I had a hangover burger right now.03/10/17 - Jimani being open late is a major plus.  We got out of our meeting late tried to coordinate too many people and said WTF and left half the group & said we would catch them later.  The boys had a taste for PoBoys.  Too bad not to much was open at 11pm on Thursday night.
We found Jimani open late with food and booze 2 good combinations and plenty of tv's with different sports on.  We went in found a table and waited and waited.  We finally found out that you had to order the food from the bar.  There were 7 of us and 1 by 1 we went to the bar and ordered our food and a beer.  I got a fried crab Po Boy & an amber ale.   
It took over 30 minutes to get our food.  When they finally brought out the food there were only 6 sandwiches so one person had to wait longer for them to cook it and bring it out.
My buddy got a shrimp Po Boy.  Kind of a piss poor representation of a shrimp Po Boy (check out the photo). This sandwich had the smallest shrimp, they weren't battered or fried and they only covered 1/2 of the bun.  I mean you charge $10.50 for a sandwich at least give the customer something to eat besides bread.  My crab Po Boy was the same way with 2 battered & fried crab cake balls on one 1/2 and 3 on the other 1/2.  Even though they were small it tasted pretty good or maybe at 11 pm I was starving.
It was an alright place to go that provided for some of our needs like food, beer and a place to talk about some of the days events.  The food was edible, but nowhere I would go back to their food.  The service was subpar, but it served our purpose for a late night place to gather eat and drink.I can only review on the food.  I know they have a cool selection of beers, but didn't have a chance to try any so I ordered the grilled Caesar wrap and the chicken was very tough and chewy.  It tasted like they overcooked it.  Service was good though.Atmosphere was definitely dive bar. Our bartender Z was a delite though she definitely made the experience. Ordered a shrimp BBQ poboy it was averageStopped to watch the NFL playoffs in while in town for a conference and really had a blast.  Good beer selection and prices.  HUGE jello shots and only $3.  The bartender was in the weeds, but had a smile on her face and was great overall!  Didn't try the food so I can't speak to that.  One item of note - the men's room is barely big enough for the single urinal it contains...just sayin'.This place was pretty cool. Not crowded, good wait staff and the drinks were reasonably priced. I would definitely go there again. Everyone in our party had a great time at the breathalyzer, trying to figure out who was more drunk.wen't in for a quick drink and the service was quite good. However, there was an even better story having to do with the history of the bar.Love this place! The crowd here changes significantly depending on what hour you go. Mainly between the wee morning hours and any other time, it is like two different places. If anyone gives this place a bad review because of the staff or the way they were treated I would have to lean toward the poster being the issue. This is a great local spot and depending on where you are staying it is perfect for tourists also. I've never brought anyone to this establishment and them not like it, usually they love it and keep coming back on their own. 
When you walk in and don't sit at the bar the bartender usually yells "order at the bar when you're ready." If you happen to miss that and are waiting for table service well that is your bad. Keep in mind this is a dive bar and one that locals love, why else is there mostly service industry people in there after they get off and even on breaks?
I've walked in and walked out several times either because I wasn't feeling the vibe at that time or I felt the people in the place were a little too snobby (for no good reason) but that is no reflection on this establishment. 
If I am out and about and hungry this is most certainly the place to go to late at night. When asked by a tourist where a laid back spot is I bring them here if it is close.
Besides the great friendly staff and usually great crowd the location here is the absolute bomb! The corner of Bourbon and Canal is very bad for numerous reasons and should be avoided unless you are very familiar with walking around in the Quarter. Walking past the Jimani and toward Bourbon is the way to go to avoid that intersection. If you are staying at the main Marriott property the location couldn't be better and this bar is a must hit. In fact I would highly recommend planning Jimani into your trip and booking your hotel at the Marriott.  The Marriott has a side gate that is right across the street but it is closed later in the morning during the peak hours or the bar.Great little bar away from the insanity of Bourbon St. Prices are very good and service was great. Tiffany was a great bartender and makes a mean Bloody Mary. Great for a hangover. Aaron the cook was also excellent. Will defiantly go back when I'm in town.Rude waitress and the restaurant's values don't seem on par with the city. Waitress was rude and not concerned with helping customers, rather about other things. I won't be going back to this place ever.The staff is nice and engaging. After ordering the pizza, I came to the conclusion there must be a shortage of marinara sauce in New Orleans. If you want a pizza that's bone dry and flavorless right out of the oven, this is your place! Whatever you do, do NOT order the pizza. 
The beer and liquor selection on the other is a delight!After over an hour waiting on an order they said they wrote both my CC # AND my contact info down wrong then when I was mad (understandable) cancelled my order and refused to deliver. This was a Thursday night.
Then they called me back, acted like they'd take my order after all and HUNG UP ON ME!
Are you freaking kidding me?! This place needs to get it together!We had the Peacemaker and short rib Po Boy. Both were very delicious. Good portion size. I'd recommend sharing if you want to try different sandwiches because the flavor was great! 
Guy Fiery stamp of approval can be seen on one of the walls. 
Thanks for a good experience here in New Orleans.Cool - Hole in the Wall kind of a place....
Nice place to grab a seat and drink for a few minutes....when roaming the quarters . . .This place was a gritty old thing.dont be fooled, because it had the booze and the Cajun food to turn that assumption around. Keep rolling with it and do a little little!Not only is the best bar in NOLA, this could be the best bar in America. As a person that travels 200+ days in a year, I find this place like home. The staff is great! The bar selection and prices great! The patrons great!!! If you go to NOLA and not visit jimini, you haven't truly seen NOLA.Want rude terrible service? Want to be aggressively upsold on everything? Want to wait forever for mediocre food? Want a bartender that mistakes being a b:+@h for having "spunky attitude"? Then by all means come here.From KC and in town for a guys weekend. Wanting to watch the Royals game we wandered into Jimani. Great place with lots of locals. The guy on the grill (BJ) was working hard and getting good food turned out quickly!! The bartender (Zanza) was very friendly and always had a smile on her face. Definitely maintained control of the bar and seemed to know everyone! The bar was welcoming and a perfect place to have some drinks and watch the game. Thank you Zanza and Jimani for a great experience!Nice little Dive bar on the corner of Chartres St and a block over from Canal.  It's always open, a very popular late night place for tourists and locals who want one last drink or some food at 4am. The drinks are really cheap here and service is super friendly with that local bar feeling that's hard to duplicate. The bar itself has quite a history and has been open since the 60's.  The name "The Jimani" as mysterious and foreboding as it sounds, is actually a play on words and is named after the owner's starting the bar with his buddy Jim.  So it's actually pronounced "Jim&I" and not like some movie starring Robin Williams and soon to be a new release with Dwayne Johnson aka The Rock.  
Anyway, really fun place to hang out, the bartenders are really friendly and they'll tell you what it's like living in NOLA from their perspective. Many people who live there stop by and order food for take out after work, so that's surely a good sign.  I didn't eat there but the menu looked good, pretty much classic bar type food, burgers, pizza, po boys, & sandwiches. Also gumbo and oher Creole type local food.  More or less what you'd expect.  Definitely recommended.Spur of the moment visit as my dining party decided against another venue. While it was on my BOOKMARKED "to try list"; I didn't expect to visit as soon... but hey, there's not time like the present.
Breakfast sandwich & a spicy crab po-boy... great choices. I was gonna get the breakfast sandwich, but opted for the spicy crab po-boy; it was true to its name - SPICY!!!!!
The drinks were tasty & inexpensive!!! 
This place was definitely a pleasant surprise and a GREAT little impromptu venue change. 
Walk in and grab a seat. Go to the bar, place your order. And wait for your food to be delivered to the table. 
The crowd was lite but still the place, while not small, seemed full. Guess folks were just evenly disbursed. 
The decor is quite interesting and worthy of taking note of. Especially the "security cameras or decorative security camera looking lights"; plus there's a cool BREATHALYZER mounted on the bar right before you exit... I didn't use it, probably just decorations, but still amazing. 
Good luck with parking, it's in the Quarters, so be warned.Came here for a Blackhawks playoff game; I don't know about the food, but the beer and drink selection is better than most in the area. Bottom of the scale to the very top ( $2 pbr or $7 Lambic ); didn't have a great Bourbon selection, but I'm an Arogant Bastard.Good dive bar. Food looks good. Bartender funny.  Could be more lewd.  Pussy drinks served with a tampon (jk).Slow and mediocre, bad place to eat. Maybe a different story if just there to drink.
The food was really greasy, but not in a good bar food way. Again the amount of time we had to wait despite being the only people eating while it was slow really made me mad. As far as drinks it is just the same as everywhere else in the french quarter.Love this place. I come to New Orleans 2-3 times a year and hit up Jimani first stop. Easy going, divey, not the usual fratty nonsense you find on bourbon.Skip this place. Fries were petrified. Steak po'boy was okay I guess. Prices were cheap. The kitchen was tiny and visible from the bar. They'd probably be better to cut their menu in half and focus on being fresher and better. Overall left grumpy and still hungry. Bar tender is an interesting character full of anger and what not.I like this place because it's dive-y but friendly. I do like places like this because they're small, not very touristy and serves good food. It's a neighborhood type place but in New Orleans, which is a little weird. Their specials are really cheap and the food is still really good. I'm thoroughly impressed by their beer selection though-with the temptation to just go with cheap and volume they went the other way. Well done, Jimani lounge. The only reason it didn't get a higher rating is I managed to get the one stool that wasn't fully attached and I nearly fell over when leaned back.ME and the wife hit Nawlins in sept of 2010.
We went to the Jimani twice, i had the gumbo which i thought was 
most excellent, plus they had Paulaner in bottles, one of my favorite brews.
Very cool place.  So many cool places in Nawlins, this was one of my
favorites.Awesome local bar with a regular bar menu for people who don't want seafood or creole.Cool hole in the wall place. I went for a dew drinks. Looks like they have food served all night. Good liquor selection.En route to kill some time I was walking towards the quarter and I was hungry. I hadn't eaten in hours and was traveling all morning. I stopped by a few places next door to peek the menu and one didn't serve food so I came to Jimani. 
I posted up at the bar with my luggage and was greeted by the lovely bar-woman (I think her name was A---) and she was awesome! Wicked friendly. Ahh. See what I did there? 
So I just got the fried pickles, yum! Hot sauce only, try it!  And I got some Andy Gators, yuuum. And watched some UFC, had some conversation with a guy. All good. 
Overall, if I lived around here I would totally go back which is why you my dear local reading this (or traveler) should totally go in for me because I cannot. 
Thank you!Food is decent if you don't mind the wait. Two sandwiches took over an hour to serve. 
There is one guy with a small grill and fryer. Probably could have received our sandwiches in 30-45 minutes but cook noticed at the last minute he was missing a key ingredient for my wife's sandwich. They served mine and 30 min later, and after cooking for three other guests, they served my wife's veggie wrap. 
I won't be coming back here anytime soon.I enjoyed the staff and the atmosphere.  The bar food was okay.  The staff there was awesome and very helpful, and I really enjoyed the music.  I felt like I was back in Philly.  They were very entertaining and made me laugh. I would go back.  The prices were affordable.  If you are looking for something romantic this is not the place for you, but you are looking for wonderful people to talk to this is the place.I was looking for a good local bar to watch the end of the Saints game and the beginning of the late afternoon game. Little did I know I was walking into a candidate for Bar Rescue. The good, lots of TVs, decent chicken sandwich, good beer selection. The bad: inattentive bartender bordering on rude,  lipstick on the glass my wife's Scotch came in, bartender drinking with the patrons, one patron so over served she had to be helped to an Uber. To top things off, my credit card number got stolen. Guess where the only place I used it was? Yep.  Stay away from this place unless you want to be treated poorly and have your credit card number stolen. The worst.Went in to grab a beer and order food to go. After sitting with an empty beer for 15+ minutes, in an otherwise mostly empty bar, we were finally able to order our food to go. After reminding the bartender we wanted our food to-go it was prepared to eat-in. Plus, she left off some of the food we ordered. Once back in our hotel room (we did visually check our food before leaving) we realized the stuffed fried food was not what we ordered. 
Decent food. HORRIBLE service!Their food is good, but they deserve 5 stars more for being reliable and consistent with deliveries. Being available at times many places are closed and as someone who works weird hours, I love this place. 
The prices are amazing, too!! It doesn't cost you a crazy amount of money to get one thing.
The nachos were really good, but they looked a lil crazy, I knew they were made from scratch, I know how it looks cuz Ill make it similar, but someone was looking over and was like WHAT is THAT? i explained it, and she actually ended up being interested. The food is good, but Im saying dont get discouraged by the nachos look cuz they bomb af.
this place is my go to and i love it.Visit 2/27-3/2/17
That is right! We ended up here every night. Place is open late so this became our regular last stop before going back to the hotel. 
This was like a combination between local and tourist dive bar. Staff and guest were super welcoming, funny, outgoing, and playful.  Kinda felt like the show "Cheers" by the last night.
Burgers- Amazing, Pizza- Skip, Drinks- Can't beat the price in NOLA!
Need to find a place "Where everybody knows your name? and their always glad you came?" - Jimani is the place to go.
Thank you Jimani for the Southern Comfort :-)Apparently one of my buddies partied here until 7am last year so we HAD to go back! haha
We got there early-ish like 9:30pm so it wasn't as he remembered, but we were hungry so I had some crawfish pasta which was oh-kay, but not great and cheap. The people were definitely friendly and I didn't feel weird there.
I have no idea what Ted is bitching about though--I also had a rickety stool..that's standard issue!!Nice little spot for locals in the quarter. I usually go to the Alibi or Industry but they were closed. Catfish def made my night. Fried Mac n cheese bites, wings, mozz sticks, and some of the best local beers on tap! Great touch tunes music playing too.Don't bother. Cafeteria like food w airport like customer service. 
Great tunes tho.Food was decent. It's more of a bar than a restaurant. If you're not a fan of hipsters, don't come here. We sat by two very annoying and dramatic ones.We had this delivered, the arrived faster than quoted. Steak Poker Boys were very good. Gumbo was nice and we'll seasoned, nice spicy, and lots of meat.
Prices were okay to feed our 4 person family, approx $40Cold beer. Typical bar foods done right. Nothing fancy just a good local type dive bar. If your looking for the quiet place off bourbon street try this place.My cravings when I drink? Salad. There aren't many places open after a night of drinking where you can get a nice crispy salad, but this is one of them.
Try their sweet southern corn bites, so yummy! 
And to top it off, the employees are all really friendly.Excellent dive-ish bar with good beer selection and grub.  I asked the rather comely (and very attentive) bartender what was good to eat after driving nine hours and she suggested a Jimbo's combo with gravy.  It wasn't the healthiest, but it tasted great!  I'll definitely stop in again when I'm town.Jimani is the bright blue light that guides this simple bar fly.  Coriolis brings me here every time I'm in New Orleans and I can't explain it.  I'm always in either a semi or fully blown state of debauchery from the moment I leave for NOLA and can't walk by without entering.  Always friendly; a great start or end to the evening and a great alternative to all the places that you think you're supposed to go.This is one of my favorite late night haunts in The Quarter.  Last night we arrived at around 1am and ordered a pizza and their Mac & Cheese bites.  Catfish was the bartender and he was great.
The food was good for bar food especially that late at night after a big evening in NOLA.  I also liked that they carried Delirium Tremens by the bottle.  All in all it was a nice way to cap everything off.
I recommend The Jimani to anyone looking for a laid back end of the night night place to shut it down after the madness on Bourbon St.My friend and I lovingly nicknamed this the Jumanji bar because we could never remember the name. We stopped by for late-night drinks and snacks (mozzarella sticks!) a couple of times. Service was fine and the beer selection was good. The divey aspect cannot be overemphasized here. A group of drunk men singing "Kiss From a Rose" along with the jukebox was certainly a highlight. Save this place for the end of your night, but know that it's a safe bet for your last round.Jimani is a great bar that's not your typical tourist bar in the French Quarter. Because of how we are treated so well this has become our go to local.  Especially love Rebekah, along with BJ and Houston. They make a great team.Bartender was extremely rude. I work nearby and go to the bar often. Tonight the female bartender, ( brown hair heavy set) was extremely rude. She just talked to her friend for 15 minuted Instead if serving me and once she did and I explained how it seemed like she was ignoring me-she said it was because she had to pee. First of all I don't care if you have to pee-give me a beer first. Second, that doesn't explain why you had a twenty minute sing a long with your friends and we're goofing around before you bothered to serve me, having to pee is not an excuse for ignoring a regular customer for your friendsWhen I came to New Orleans for work this is the first place we stopped for drinks. It was Halloween day and we were looking for a good time where we could also eat some good lunch. We walked in and the whole place was decorated with fun Halloween decor. The bartender was dressed like a sexy vampire which made the experience even more fun. 
We sat at the bar and ordered a bucket of PBR for $10 and looked through the menu. I had never been to the city before this week so I was looking for some good down home Louisiana food with some fresh seafood and delicious spices. 
After a few minutes of scanning the menu I decided on the BBQ shrimp po boy and Nate decided on the Crawfish/Shrimp pasta. When I saw BBQ shrimp I was thinking it was going to be shrimp covered in in bbq sauce and grilled on a bbq grill. What I got was something totally unexpected that was even better than what I thought it was going to be. It was in some kind of buttery garlic sauce and it was amazing! The bread was perfectly soft and warm and the shrimp was succulent, fresh, and amazing. The crawfish pasta was also great, and it was my first time trying crawfish. We will be back while we are staying in the French Quarter for awhile, it was a great time!any bar that has a strong halloween them on halloween and metal blasting is a good bar in my book.
place is very small and narrow, but they got a great selection of beer. and check this--JELLO SHOTs. everything is very modesty priced.Came here to finish out an all-nighter before packing up my stuff at the hotel and heading home. Decent place to grab one last drink before you head back to your Canal St/CBD hotel. The lady barkeep was friendly enough. Service industry peops came in after finishing their shifts, which is always a good sign.One of my favorite stops in New Orleans. Most bars near or in the Quarter are the same. The Jimani is not the same as anything else in the area. It reminds me a lot of a corner bar in Chicago. Nothing fancy but they have what you need. Prices aren't unreasonable and they have quite a lot of options. Service is attentive and not pushy.This is a great dive spot with friendly locals and tourists alike. Both of my visits were great, the bartenders there were super nice (the nice young lady in the early part of the day and the bro that just came back from his trip to Toronto) sorry i'm bad with names. Great selection of bottled and tap beers plus good mixed drinks (blueberry stoli and sours was fire!). Didn't get a chance to try all the food but the chili cheese fries and mac and cheese bites were tasty. If you should get hungry at any time of the night they will fire up the grill and cook you up some good grub. Despite the tragedy that befell this establishment, it's still standing and showing everyone a great time. I'll miss you guys wish there was a place like this back home and I can't wait to come back.There's just something about this place.  I have to go back every time I'm in town.  Food was simple, but also pretty good.  Decent prices, and I love the dark ambiance.Come here to drink only! :-). It's Main function is as a bar - GREAT well drink ($3.75) specials and $10 buckets if 5 beers can't be beat!
The hubby & I ordered fried corn bites and spicy meat pie appetizers. Appetizers were OK, but as I wrote, come here to drink, not eat. 
It's a small, cool "divey" spot with locals & tourists.Dive bar - but a good burger.  Quick bite when you are at a nearby hotel for meetings or in the neighborhood walking around.  Big menu for a small place.  All three had burgers and were happy.  One ordered the peanut butter burger and liked it.  I had the bacon and cheese burger and was happy with my selection.  Not a lot of frills if you're looking for that.  Bar or high bar table top seating.Epic poboys, a funny (yet sassy bartender), and overall good vibes. I thought this bar was named after that goofy robin williams movie. turns out it was named after an awesome dude named jim. Come if you live like dives.Great place  great service and good food 
Stop in for fun and meet great people 
We always stop in  on our trips to new orleansFor a late night spot that was slammed I waited , not even 1 and 1/2  minutes for my drinks. Anna and Tiffany are sweet awesome bartenders and their service was so great I went back before I left town to hang out. I will highly recommend this place to my fellow bartenders and friends. :) awesome beer selection and the 3$ Jell-O shots are huge and STRONG. Quick pro-tip the hurricanes are SOOOOO strong two and you will be buzzing to the moon.If you like a bar ,with a urinal only in the mens bathroom,  no toilet .about 600 square feet total ,this is the place for you.. And we go because of UFC showing most of the times . 0 chance of coming here orherwise. the Cook has an attitude .the chubby female bartender is nice..Rude and indignant bartender chucks ice cubes at customers to get their attention, because apparently 10 feet is too far to walk over to patrons. 
We just walked out of Jimani after extremely rude and rather bizarre treatment by the lone female bartender between 6-7pm. She refused to provide her name despite claiming she is the manager. This was after she threw ice cubes at us, hitting one of us -- at patrons, at customers -- and demanded to see our IDs. She claimed she threw ice cubes at us because she yelled but we wouldn't respond, nevermind the possibility that we may not have heard her because we were sitting beneath a blaring speaker. If a bartender wants the attention of a customer, she should walk the 10 feet to us sitting under the blaring speaker. THROWING ice cubes AT customers should not be an option anywhere. 
She was incredibly disrespectful, indignant that she did nothing wrong, even when we let her know the ice cubes she threw had hit one of us. She is an embarrassment to New Orleans, which we otherwise love because of its hospitality, notwithstanding the treatment incurred today by this alleged manager of Jimani.
We were in your establishment today between 6-7pm. Horrible. If I could give zero stars, I would.I use to go here for the bartenders. I don't want to be mean, but the entitlement aspect of the Bartenders here has worn on the staff, in the worst way, over time. They are the type who will read this and try to justify their actions, and that's normal (if you're kmart)! But I'm that old lady who came in for a deal and left disappointed (and fucked) out of money AND time... Martha Stewart even admitted to her wrong doings,
and she sells nothing but advice and pieces of cardboard that this place could only DREAM to slide down the levee of customer service on. Try this one day; Cater to the patrons who have kept this bar alive, (going unnoticed & riddiculued) while the escorts of New Orleans eat our macaroni bites (along side the city's top drug dealers who loiter right outside) all these years. Thanks for nothin.. Great job y'all!I ate at some expensive places while I was in town last week but my absolute favorite, and inexpensive, was your place. Thanks for the good eats and great vibe, I'll be back!!food review only: stopped by here for a snack, had some fried food, mac n cheese bites!
 service was good and people were nice.We pop over for drinks in Jimani all the time whenever we come to the quarter. The servers are always really nice to us and seem like they are having fun. They are always dressed up when we come in or have their face painted or something. Or they have some funny doll dressed up on the bar. It's always just something and it is so New Orleans, you have to love it. 
When we pop in for a pregame with our group we love grabbing the trivia controllers and playing a handful of rounds. 
Drinks are good and aren't expensive. Bar snacks are solid for what they are. Chicken fingers, fries, etc. They are what they are and have definitely served the purpose of getting a decent bite in our stomachs before we walk around or have refueled us when we are out and about and need to stop and get a bite to keep us going. We're smart enough to throw in some waters and quick bites throughout the night anytime we step in the quarter and this place is an awesome go to for that. 
Worth noting - someone in our group always manages to do well playing cards on one of the machines when we go. I've not played but it's always cool when a buddy plays some hands and wins.I was in NOLA for Labor Day weekend with my girlfriend, cousin, and some friends. We wanted to grab a burger and watch the Notre Dame - Texas game in a low profile atmosphere. One of the locals suggested this place to us. We walk in and the place is basically just what we were looking for: ultra-dive bar with televisions, beer, and bar food. As soon as we walked in, the bartender demanded to see our IDs in one of the most abrasive fashions I have ever experienced. And she made sure to say that she expects to see all of them. To be clear, all of us are definitely over 21, but regardless, we all show her our IDs. She then tries to take our order, but through her own apathy stumbles through the orders and requires us to tell her each of our orders 3 times. She even interrupted us several times during our order to talk to other customers at the bar in a casual fashion. I'm not entirely sure what her problem was, but she severely altered our enjoyment of this bar.
The food was actually quite good and the beer selection was very solid (lots of local options), but that girl needs to be taught some manners. Terrible, terrible service.This place was a gritty old thing.dont be fooled, because it had the booze and the Cajun food to turn that assumption around. Keep rolling with it and do a little little!Rude disrespectful and arrogant . If you want to be treated this way then this is the place for you . Too many details to list but a group of 6 of us walk in at 6pm for a bite and the bartender was just a complete arrogant server . I travel the country and I have never been treated so rudely without even saying a word to start besides when they asked for our IDs I laughed and said "ok".  She said it's a two way street and we shouldn't have ordered what's not available . Well then take the roast beef po boy off your menu if you don't even serve this . We left without buying a thing and went next door. Many places in New Orleans to choose from besides this place .I am a local that went to this bar quite frequently in the past. Last night I walked in the bar to purchase two beers for a friend and I and the bartender named Marissa with short blonde hair, decided to tell me to get the fuck out. Not only is she rude but also shouldn't be in the service industry at all. I have been in the service industry for 7 years and have never seen someone so disrespectful. She deserves to be fired. Horrible attitude and horrible service! Don't waste your money at this place. There are so many better bars in New Orleans!Slowwwwwww. My food was pretty bad. I had the shrimp po boy. Yuck. The staff was cool.Small place. Bartender is very tentative. Prices are great compared to other places around. Did not eat so can't give advise on that.Cool little dive bar with a super delicious chicken club sandwich. I definitely plan on visiting again when I come back to New Orleans!This is one of my favorite bars in NOLA. Catfish is a great bartender. They serve food all night and it is really good. The beer and drinks are cheap. They have a great jukebox that is always entertaining the crowd. Make sure to get the large Jell-o-shots in the syringe. you can even get them to go. I love this place and proudly wear my Jimani shirt here in Dallas, Texas. This is my go to place in the French Quarter everytime.Stopped in for a drink, thinking about food.  Place is not what I would call a sports bar, more of a dive with some TV's.  Our stay didn't last long, got a togo cup and bailed.  Nothing special here.Wonderful food fun atmosphere a little loud if you trying to enjoy a game or visit but over all a very cool dive bar with lots of local flavor.I heart Jimani. I heart them when I want a drink after work, and when I want food after work, and when for some reason I'm in the quarter but it's not after work.
Friendly bartender, whether you want a Bud Light or a shot of Jack or a gin martini. Music is at the mercy of whoever pays the jukebox.
Tasty BLTs, tasty chili cheese fries, and nachos like you'd make them at home- with some of every topping on each chip, even at 1am. Yessss. 
Plus, the Halloween decor is up early and is epic.It's sad when the music is so loud the bartender can't hear an order then when you try and ask for food, she spends more time on her phone than paying attention to the customers. .. it took 30 minutes from when I walked in and asked for a beer just to pay. I tried several times to ask for food, and she kept walking by....This is the best local dive bar I've found in NOLA. Great burgers and awesome atmosphere. Rob and Angie are great bartenders. Always my bar in New Orleans.