Went here for the launch party yesterday where they were so generous and gave everyone a free sandwich, side and drink! 
Amazing grilled cheese, the remy was very buttery. I also tried the turkey pesto which was good but not as memorable as the other. Great staff who kept smiles on their faces despite the daunting line of people!Loved it. Simple comfort food on a rainy New Orleans afternoon. Highly recommend it. The waffle fries too.This location is super small but you can pull up a barstool and eat your food at the attached bar if no seating is available. I got the juice and wasn't disappointed. A little pricey for a sandwich shop in my opinion at $35 for 2 sandwiches/fries/sodas but it was good.It's fancy grilled cheese. Not something I want on the regular, but it's good every now and thenFirst time in New Orleans & The Big Cheezy was our first stop. Sure glad it was because it was delicious! Got the cheez fries, tomato basil dipper & the grilled macaroni + cheese sandwich. 5 stars for it all!cannot go wrong with anything you order on the menu. i got the bacon mac and cheez and the cheez fries both are amazing. the vibe is great and the environment and staff are lovely!Great sandwiches.  Had a Cajun patty and the wife had a Flying Dutchman, grabbed ice cold beer from next door and shazam!Big Cheezy opened a location Uptown?!? What a time to be alive! Love their original location and this apple hasn't fallen far from the tree. Great sandwiches, friendly staff at a good spot. Start with a happy hour at Henry's and move next door for a delicious, inexpensive dinner. (Henry's is cash only, Big Cheezy accepts credit cards.)The Big Cheezy was very good! I got the bacon Mac and cheese grilled cheese and it was extremely decadent. I would reccomend splitting the sandwhich because it's so rich but it is delicious. I'm excited to try the Big Cheezy again to see what else it has on the menu!I went here with two co-workers and I would have to say that it was good! The classic grill cheese was perfectly paired with their tomato soup! I would give this a 3.5 stars if I could because I do feel that the place is a bit overrated or hyped than it should be. It's a good place but not enough for me to consider THE BEST grill cheese place.Hamburger was great, unexpectedly good. We ate outside and it was nice on on Magazine the Angus beef burger, cheese fries and mac and cheese was the bomb will definitely go back!!This place was soooooooo good! It definitely hit the spot after a crazy day of Mardi Gras. I ordered... you guessed it.... THE BIG CHEEZY... and I added bacon. It was delicious! I wasn't really impressed with the tomato soup, but I think that's because I'm more of a tomato bisque gal. Regardless, you can't ever go wrong with any version of a grilled cheese sandwich dipped in tomato soup and these folks have turned it into an art. The Big Cheezy is awesome!!!Stopped for lunch when we got into NOLA. Sandwiches were delicious. Although you'd better take your cholesterol meds and bring wipes since your fingers will be covered in grease. I had the Melt with burger, cheese and sautéed onions, it was perfectly toasted and gooey. My husband had the shrimp Remy and it was better than mine, but both yummy. The atmosphere was fun. The prices are great and the staff was friendly and helpful . We had to wipe our own table and our feet stuck to the floors, but I would recommend for grilled cheese and sandwich lovers and I would definitely eat there again.Very good grilled cheese.  The fries were good and I likes the soup but the others in my party didn't care for it.  It's in the same building as a bar which basically shares the space so go earlier if you have kids.Sweet cheesus, this place is amazing! Every sandwich is delicious. And those fries? OMG. Debris, Mac and cheese....My eyes literally rolled back into my head and I felt every stress just leave my entire being on that first bite. I can't recommend just one sandwich because they're all great. Just follow your gut, literally, and you won't be disappointed. You want this stuff in your mouth.I mean it was okay but honestly I can make better grilled cheese at home. I enjoyed the fries more then the grilled cheese.Excellent grilled cheese and soup! I chose the traditional grilled cheese on white bread. Highly recommended.If anyone ever questions my dedication to good food, I will probably just tell them about the time I got in line at 10:30am for grilled cheese. Hey, I was 6th in line and I got to order as soon as they opened, so who's the fool now? I was here for The Big Cheezy grand opening and you really haven't questioned your life until you have rushed over to a grilled cheese restaurant at 10:30am so that you can eat delicious grilled cheese and then get back to work.
The line moved quickly and when it was my turn to order I got the crawgator, which is alligator and crawfish sausage with cheddar and pepperjack cheese, onions and peppers. I don't think I had ever had this sandwich before and it was SO GOOD! If it's your first time and you are looking for something really cheesy, I would go with this one. It's all packed between two buttery slices of sour dough bread and it's just perfect. For my side I got the bacon mac and cheese, which was beyond rich and delicious. I was happy they had "to go" boxes, because there was no way I could have finished all of this in one sitting.
The service was fast and the food was delicious. Also, they are connected to Henry's bar, if you happen to be in the mood for a cocktail with your cheese. I'll be back.Outstanding. Delicious. Life changing. 
Those are a few short descriptions of this place. 
10/10 highly recommended.This is a great addition to Henry's for grub food and the area is kept impeccably clean.  The staff is very warm and friendly.  They food was prepared quickly, and they were accommodating of my special requests.  I didn't like that the drink cups are kiddie sized which even with free refills is aggravating, because with two sips you have to keep topping off your drink.  I had the waffle fries with the buffalo chicken - the chicken is grilled and sliced and kinda dry, so a little ordinary.  I like that you could have a ramekin of the tomato soup for dipping.  My partner has had their grilled cheese and their burgers and sings their praises for above average bar food.I love the grilled cheese sandwiches here! As well as location in Kenner. The one on Broad the location is just too small parking wise. This location is fun because it's connected to a bar. I had this shrimp Remy and surprisingly it was very good. I wasn't sure ordering seafood at a grilled cheese sandwich place was a good idea but I was proven wrong and thoroughly enjoyed my sandwich. The tomato soup is good as well and fun for dipping your sandwich in. My favorite location is the Kenner location because it has a larger menu and they have the crazy old goat which is my favorite sandwich. I also love the original and the big mac n cheezy. I will be back.I dig it... I mean, who doesn't dig grilled cheese.... communists....maybe communists... but me, i'm no communist. Mac and Cheese sandwich was the titzWhat a great name for a Nola restaurant! Went to TBC with my daughter and her boyfriend. He ordered the original with tomato soup. He seemed to like it but didn't finish the soup and took home half of the sandwich. My daughter ordered the cheezy melt which I tried and thought the burger was bland, dry and overcooked. I had the cajun patty which was very good and spicy but if you are hungry you maybe disappointed because the sandwich is rather thin. It maybe overpriced as it does not come with a side or a drink. Not much seating inside but there are some street tables. Not quite good enough to motivate me to go back.............I ordered the Juice as a takeout and it was tender and juicy and cheesy. The bread was perfectly grilled and the waffle fries were so good.  This was my first experience ever at the big cheezy and I will definitely be returning. The staff was nice and courteous also.I wasn't expecting a gourmet grilled cheese, but holy cow!! My daughter got the bacon cheddar melt and said it was amazingI absolutely love this place! It's within walking distance of my house and I always bring visiting friends there for amazing grilled cheese and fries. You're definitely going to feel like a slob after eating their food because it's pretty greasy, let's be honest but it's the kind of greasy you enjoy. It's attached to a pretty chill bar which I think is genius; after having a few drinks you can just slide your seat over and grab a sandwich. My boyfriend always orders the mac and cheesy, it's really good I just wish they would give you the option to get it without bacon. I also wish they offered more topping so you could personalize a more substantial sandwich instead of just bread and cheese because sometimes you need some lettuce and tomato to break up that combo.So this place has really good food. I ordered the buffalo chicken grilled cheese and one of my friends got the big cheesy fries which were super good as well as my sandwich. Then my other friend ordered the juice sandwich which the lady suggested and it was not good. We all three tried the roast beef in the sandwich and it just did not taste right to any of us. Then, when my friend tried to tell the lady about how bad it was, she just asked if she wanted a box to take it home. And my friend said "no it was disgusting" and she still had to pay for the next replacement item. She should've at least said "I'm sorry, can I get you something else or get it out the way." But nope. Being in the service industry, I know there's a better way to have handled that situation instead of just disregarding it and making her pay for another food item. ***edit. 10 minutes after her ordering the other sandwich, the lady comes out and says they're out of cheddar. Like come on, that's literally one of the main cheeses for grilled cheese.Loved my juicy sandwich.   It was made with roast beef and it was so tasty.   The bread had the nice golden crisp.  If I'm ever back until Nola, I will definitely stop byIt was good but overpriced. Went right at lunch time so the wait was 20-30 mins but that was understandable. Our order was accurate but it seemed like the organization and managing could have been improved. Family was in town and we wanted to try this place but won't be making it one of our regular stops.It was the opening of the magazine st big cheezy, so I had to wait in line for 2 hours for my free sandwich, drink and side. But it was completely worth it! I ordered the frycheezy with a side of mac n cheese and a sprite. Even though the kitchen staff had been working non stop for the huge line of people, they were all happy and laughing. I love their set up, and it's really convenient that there's a bar next door. It's clean, the food is quality and cheap, and the service is quick and happy with no errors. That is all I want in a restaurant and the big cheezy has it down better than most high class restaurants I've been to in the city.OMG this was a great grilled cheese experience. I'm visiting from Northern California and had to stop here. My family and I will be back on our next vacation.We ate here because I love cheese fries. We are moving here in a month and will be back a million times. The Mac and cheese is great, the cheese fries are great, the sandwiches are the bomb. It's a must try, we will for sure bring out of town friends here!!Everything we tried was amazing! Large portions.  Friendly and fast service.  Some of the menu items in the Yelp photos were not available on the day we visited.  Still plenty of options to choose from. Yummy food!
.So good. Buffalo chicken is on point. Only place for a grilled cheese! Staff is friendly and food is fresh. It's a hot spot to take friends when we need a little cheat day or a hangover cure. Gotta reward yourself with some Big CheezyHad the opportunity to try this place out about a month ago with a friend of mine. The food was relatively good, but the service was slow and it was a bit pricey for comfort food (i.e. grilled cheese). 
I had the macaroni grilled cheese with a tomato soup and it was HUGE. They only had one size drink which was on the small side which was unfortunate because I was super thirsty and took my meal to go, but not a huge deal. 
In general I'm not a giant grilled cheese fan, but this place does it right and I'd give it another shot.I was really looking forward to trying The Big Cheezy because I love macaroni and cheese! I ordered the macaroni dish that has bacon in it. The problem came when it arrived to the table. It wasn't hot. All it needed was to be put in an oven. I closed it, took it home and did just that. I wish I didn't need to do that but other than the food arriving warm it was pretty good.I had the debris fries. It was gloriously fattening. The cheese and gravy paired well with the crisp fries. My husband enjoyed the mac and cheese grilled cheese.Place ain't for kids despite what you hear. It ain't there fault I'm sure but it's a super bummer to show up with your family and have to sit on the curb to wait on your food. They posted a buncha signs there so I guess it just happened. Pretty F'N lame. I bet the food woulda been awesome if I didn't have to take it to go and eat it 45 minutes later. If you got little ones you better eat elsewhere for now.I have found a new love for grill cheese . The waffle fries were really good. I had the House sandwich and added Ham. It was very very good. It was the perfect temperature. The cashier was nice and accommodating. The restaurant was clean. It was a hole in the wall with two separate rooms. Great place overall!Took my family of 5 on Vacation to New Orleans this June . During our stay we visited the Audubon Zoo. After our trip to the Zoo, I looked up some nearby restaurants on yelp. 
This place showed up on the list of nearby restaurants and was only about 10mins away from the Zoo. We all like Cheesy foods and it had good reviews and was quite inexpensive. So it seemed like a good choice with a large and family with 3 hungry young kids.
Parking: It was around 4:00 on a Saturday when we arrived. If you know N.O. parking can be an obstacle most places you go. We found some street front parking across from it in front of a school, so didn't cost us anything and didn't see any "No Parking " signs. There are a few spots directly in front of the restaurant , if available. 
Restaurant / Atmosphere : It kind of has a dive feel to it. It's also directly next to a bar and is separated by some double doors, but we're open when we came in, but it wasn't to rowdy or loud. I actually got a beer from the bar while waiting for our food.  Inside seats about  25 , maybe 30 people, but their is also some outdoor seating as well. No waiters. You make your order at a window. 
Food / Menu: Their sign slogan is pretty spot on - "Grilled Cheese for adults." Though kids will enjoy it as well.  Not your typical GC with a unique spin on the classic sandwich. I had the one with mac n' cheese and bacon. My wife had the one with Sausage and kids had like a triple cheese one. We all liked them pretty well. Big and thick sandwich slices with LOTS of cheese! 
Price : See Menu : $10 and under. If your looking for some cheap comfort food and have kids. It's a good place to eat. 
3/5 Stars: Why 3 stars ? Though I don't really have any complaints about the food, Staff, or Experience. It is after all only Grilled Cheese Sandwiches. When on vacation or visiting N.O. from out of state. You make plans to eat the best of what the city has to offer. You don't plan or go out of your way for this kind of food IMO. It's worth a try, considering a similar family situation or circumstances. Or just for a quick bite and a beer on the cheap.Pretty good, but I think it's a little overrated. I asked what the cooks recommended and while it was good, it was basically a grilled cheese sandwich crossed with a bacon cheese burger. 
I suppose I was expecting something a little more unique or exotic, but I would try this place again. 
PS: This is NOT a good place for people on a diet though and drunk people seem like the target  demographic, especially since there is literally a bar next door that you can access from the restaurant.Making different sandwiches out of grilled cheese is a great idea. I had "The Juice" which was roast and green peppers with pepperjack cheese. It was delicious. Only complaint is that it was a bit pricey for what it was .I came here with a couple of girls I met on Bumble BFF and got the "perfect pairing" -- grilled cheese and tomato soup. Yum! The food was so good, and we had a great time getting to know each other. Can't wait to go back soon and try the mac and cheese.First of all, this place is a very small hole in the wall with few tables. There was no posted menu and girl said nothing. I figured out there was a paper by small counter with menu.  The Big Cheezy sandwich was UNEVENTFUL! It was not on Hawaiian bread as stated and I had no cheddar.  I resent having a roll of brown industrial paper to use as napkins.  Just a cheap sandwich and I won't return.I had put this on my bucket list for Nola and I have to say I'm a little disappointed. I had the crawfish grilled cheese And it was way too watery then I ordered the fries and the oil must have been super old bc they came out so Dark and oily :( the Mac and cheese was great and is the only reason I give it a 3 !Really yummy simple place if you're looking for a yummy grilled cheese. It's attached to a full bar as well so you can get a drink and eat your grilled cheese. I had the juice, which was just the ticket on the afternoon I went.My least favorite part of my new orleans trip. First off, the staff was just incredibly rude from start to finish. They were arguing with customers before I even walked up which was not a good sign. The food menu was something you could make in your dorm room, yet these people are charging over $7 for a GRILED CHEESE! I got a grilled cheese with bacon in it just to keep it simple. The bacon had this disgusting taste that ruined the already subpar meal. 
There is so much good food around New orleans, it would be such a waste to eat here. We had a different place every day and this was the only bad experience. 
Long story short, save your money on something worthwhile. I'd even recommend a gas station over this.This so called restaurant is not only a disgrace to the city of New Orleans but also to cheese in general. I walked in and was not greeted in a polite manor but with them asking how old my 19 year old son was. He told the employees his age and they asked for an id which he did not have due to the fact that he wasn't driving. They told him he must eat outside and would not even let him order. So we waited outside for over an hour until we decided to leave once we realized we weren't going to be waited on. Overall awful experience I would not wish on anyone.Was good, not necessarily the best. Felt like my sandwiches needed a little more flavor! Maybe jalapeños would have done the trickI really like the concept and most of their items that I have tried are good, however I wish they had more actual mac and cheese dishes. Majority of the menu are sandwiches.We have eaten here several times, dine in, and togo and it is always on point. Great prices, service, and taste!The name holds true! I got an original grilled cheese and a side of bacon Mac and cheese. If you like a smokey cheese taste, I think you'll enjoy the bacon Mac and cheese. (I personally don't acquire a smoked cheese taste). The grilled cheese was really good and it was larger than I expected! Cool food spot in NOLA.We loved this little sandwich stop! With kids and big kids we all found something to satisfy our tummies. You can make whatever you want!Absolutely terrible quality. Do not eat here. The Flying Dutchman was basically a ham sandwich. It was VERY lightly toasted on each side. The bread was still soggy. I can do a better job at home for half the price.This is the place if you want a variety of grill cheese. The location is perfect walking distance to a nice stroll in the neighborhood after eating. I had the Shrimp Remmy the last time I were here so I wanted to try something different. I really didn't care too much for my Big Cheezy Fries but everyone else food were great and tasty. Maybe bc my eyes were bigger then my stomach. I didn't finish it. The fries didn't taste fresh.I sent my husband to get a Mac N' Cheesy and a milkshake last night. The staff said they didn't serve milk shakes so I have corrected this menu. The Mac N' Cheezy was gooey and delicious. It was super filling and I could only eat half(and I was hungry).No one under the age of 18. My three kids are tired and hungry after a great day in NOLA and this was a sour ending for sure.You wanna know the way to @mrjdscott's heart? @bigcheezynola has all the answers! You can't go wrong with a menu full of grilled cheese. @annaleebelle ordered the B.E.T. (Bacon, egg, tomato) with a side of bacon mac & cheese (minus bacon so JD could eat it too!)
@mrjdscott ordered The Big Cheezy with turkey on sourdough and a side of tomato basil soup. Everything was delicious. Every. Stinkin. Thing!
Pinky rating: * * * * *
Proppy rating: * * * * *Really good turkey grilled cheese with a side of tomato soup for lunch. Went with a large group for lunch and our food was out fast which is appreciated during the work week.Simple food that is WAY overpriced. They also charge 2.75 for a water cup. 
Totally not worth it.Omg Flying Dutchman then the Mac and cheese sandwich with crawfish babyyyy yummmmy I am mad the one on broad street closed but hey the magazine location is great a bar next door makes it even better .. I loveeeeee Big CheezyThis location is in the same building as a neighboring bar, which is great for post-drinking, but not great for a casual meal. Loud and dark. I like the original location better (though I heard it might be closing).
My recommendation is to choose a sandwich that can be dipped. That's half the fun. The Big Cheezy is perfect for dipping in tomato soup. The tomato soup is a bit on the sweeter side.My girlfriends and I were so excited to eat here. We walked EIGHT blocks from Napoleon during the morpheus parade to eat. Just fyi we are from new orleans!!! After spending a ridiculous amount of money only to have to stand and wait while only one table was open to eat, some woman came up to our table demanding to see our IDs because "empty beer cans" were on the table from the previous group of boys. My sister and I left out ID's at the tent bc we weren't planning on drinking! She demanded we leave because you had to be "18" to eat at a sandwich place! Keep in mind we were all 21+ graduating from LSU this May. We were going to go buy drinks at the bar and bring our other friends after the parade. Will NEVER spend another dollar here again. so freaking rude.This restaurant is an embarrassment to be in the great city of New Orleans. As I walked into the restaurant with my two kids (17 and 16) we were not  greeted by a " hello" but by the rude waiter who asked if my kids were over the age of 18. I politely told them their age and they told me that they could not eat inside and had to eat outside on their unmanaged tables. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. I didn't know you had to be 18 to eat cheese.I went with three other friends and we all loved the sandwiches. They have a buy 3 get a 4th for free which worked out really well for us. If you're a fan of grilled cheese this place is where you need to go. I heard a lot of good things about it from friends and a lot of Tulane Students have been eyeing this place for a while. Finally they moved uptown so hopefully there can be deals for students. We also had their bacon macaroni and fries and both were really good. There doesn't seem like a wrong move when it comes to ordering unless if you don't order. Great food and great people working there.This place underwhelmed me. Everything was so greasy and dense - didn't live up to the enticing photos I had seen on instagram beforehand. You have to be extremely committed to an intensely unhealthy meal to enjoy.Hey, if you want some naughty cheesiness, this will be your spot! 
Let's not talk about my breakfast choices but I ordered some cheez fries and they were everything they should be : hot, cheesy, fresh and plentiful. The $5.95 order is more than enough for two people. If you're drunk, this might be Nirvana.
The Big Cheezy is connected to Henry's Uptown Bar; it's probably a marriage made in heaven.
I was waiting for Henry's to open and chose to pad my stomach before having a drinky poo. I'm glad I did! 
This is, obviously, not a place for cholesterol watchers but does a place like that exist in New Orleans, anyway??This trip I had the flying Dutchman(Turkey & Bacon)& The Juice( Roast Beef) w waffle fries. Both were tasty but I'll have to go with the Dutchman Due To THE Cheat Code Of Bacon. I enjoyed the experience the 2nd time around & will return in the future.The cashier is lovely
The food is great 
The atmosphere is to die for, it really is hipster 
The parking is bad, but the food is worth the walk 
They cater to you literally!My husband and I saw this restaurant while walking down magazine street! Cute and funky vibe, there were two dogs with owners at the bar area, and the staff were super friendly. We ordered a grilled mac and cheese sandwich, which we shared and it was plenty!!we also had the seasoned waffle fries with ranch dressing and they were so delicious! I recommend a trip here if you love grilled cheese sandwiches!I had the steak melt w fries what a mistake. It tasted like a hamburger patty from $1 tree. I've had some of the other sandwiches they were far superior. The service was good but that particular sandwich was blah the cheese tried to save it but it was to much to overcome. The fries were good though.This food will save you from the night before but I have to say I was totally disappointed. It did not live up to the mid city location. The cheese to bread ration was way off. Maybe it was just an off day?? 
Big ups for taking cards and being in a location (inside Henry's bar) you can grab some drinks.There are no words to describe how amazing these sandwiches are! The fresh, locally baked bread is delicious and they also serve a lot of house-made items, which makes all the difference! I have had several sandwiches from different locations and have never once been disappointed, and on top of it I have always had friendly, helpful service! The friends I have taken here have had the same experience, one of my friends who was visiting had the mac n' cheezy and loved it so much she got another one to-go the next day right before her flight out!
Basically, if you haven't tried this place yet you are missing out!WARNING: NOT CURRENTLY KID FRIENDLY!
Apparently they are the victim of a new law that disallows patrons under the age of 18 due to the attached bar. We had to eat outside ... in the dark ... on a drizzly night. Great Sammies though!This was the first gourmet grilled cheese shop that I tried in the city. And it was awesome.
Tried the spicy pie and it was the best combination of pepperoni cheese and peppers.
Lately, they have had monthly rotations of limited time options, and since the last time I've been there they have added several new items, like a shrimp melt
There are now several locations around the city, I believe they have the same menu at all of them
Can't go wrong with the selection, price, and how great everything tastesFound this place on Instagram!! Was adventuring around Magazine and dropped in for a bite!! The place has a divvy feel to it, more like a locally owned pop shop, which is always a plus for me!! The inside wasn't very big, had about 7-8 tables and a tv playing the Saints Game WHO DAT!!! Over all the menu is pretty simple, food comes out decently fast, the only negative thing I had to say was the sandwiches do not come with waffle fries or a side, you have to order that separate, which kinda bites ;) but that doesn't take away from the quality of food they serve. 
I got the Buffalo fries, loaded down waffle fries drizzled with hot Buffalo sauce, ranch and oooey goooey cheese!!! The waffle fries are seasoned which makes them that much better!! The portion size was huge, definitely enough to share! 
The bf got the hot sausage cheesy, and although it could have done with another piece of sausage on it to make him full, it was delicious and came out piping hot and fresh! With two drinks, the sandwich and side of Buffalo fries set us back about $30 after a tip, not too bad but considering I didn't get an actual sandwich kinda expensive. No matter! The place has awesome customer service, with a laid back atmosphere, great staff and convenient location.... needless to say, I'll be back to try something else on the menu! This place is def. worth a try!This food was off the chain!!!!! Can't wait to return!!! Loved the buffalo chicken fries!!!If you love cheese......
A day at the zoo followed by a long walk down Magazine street is deserving of a cheesy delicious meal and that is exactly what my girlfriend and I found at the Big Cheezy. 
I spotted this place as we rode the bus to the zoo, and when we finished I jumped on Yelp to see some pictures and get information. All it took was the macaroni grilled cheese sandwhich and we knew we wanted to try this place.
We arrived around 3:00 and other than a few regulars at the shared bar next door, it was quiet and empty. I chose the buffalo chicken cheese waffle fries and my girlfriend went with the macaroni bacon and grilled cheese sandwich. 
Food was affordable and delicious. I carried a waffle fry baby in my tummy for the next two miles as we walked along the street. 
CHEESE FOR ERRYBODY!!!Sandwich was hearty BUT dry. Tomato soup was mediocre. *sigh* ... I'll stick to my Panera Bread. 
Also, I assume the tomatoes would be cooked a little, but they weren't.After waking up regretting all the things I did last night, I got slapped across the face with a craving for a grilled cheese sandwich. Boom! I was super excited to head to The Big Cheezy, knowing I'd experience cheesy goodness that would lovingly restore my humanity. I parked around the corner and waited in my car, salivating in anticipation of the dream that lied ahead.
I walked in, first customer in after they unlocked the door. The three employees were obviously enjoying a personal conversation they were having - which isn't a problem. Good for them, you should be happy and joyful where you work! 
I ordered a Big Cheezy, seasoned waffle fries, and a drink. The cashier pointed out the soda fountain and encouraged me after hearing my excitement about it. She failed to mention that there was no ice. When I brought it to her attention, she said there was nothing they could do until the bar next door opened, but "*maybe* it'll be cold." It annoyed me that she made no effort to correct what I think was an error on her part. Don't encourage your customers to get a fountain drink if there is no ice! (To be fair, she did tell the next customers that walked in fifteen minutes later.)
The food was subpar. The grilled cheese was fine, but nothing to write home about. The waffle fries were not good - they lacked flavor, seemed to have been overcooked as they were hard, and certainly did not have much seasoning, despite their name on the menu being "seasoned waffle fries." I ate three and threw the rest away.
I'm very disappointed with my experience. When your namesake sandwich is just okay, something is off. Clearly, there are managerial shortcomings behind the issues I experienced on this visit. Maybe try one of their other locations until this one gets its act together.The sandwiches are delicious! I hate sandwiches but this place is awesome. I had the one with buffalo sauce I was thinking it would be too spicy for me, but it was prefect! My bf had the flying something and he really liked it. The tomato basil soup was yummy with the cheese in top and the waffle fries were delicious as well. I wish there was a place like this in Houston. I'd go here when I'm craving a cheesy sandwich all the time. Even tho it maybe out of the way and not in the FQ it is a great place to grab a quick lunch and they have their own parking lot which makes it easier since parking is a hassle in the FQ. I'll be back here for sure when I visit NOLA again!I love the ham and cheese. I went to the restaurant after reading about it on Yelp and the food was great. The parking lot is confusing and so os the entrance, it is on the side of the building not in the front. I will have to come back.First experience was at the Big cheezy on Broad. That was the best sandwich I have had in sooooo long . finally made it to the one right off of Frenchmen . which is located right behind the dragons den. Being local I knew were it was . but I got the sane sandwich as I did on broad st. The flavors were completely difrrent and a less friendly environment. I wouldnt say I would not recommend the Big Cheesy, but I do not reccomend the one right off Frenchmen .LOVE! the flying dutchman is my current favorite, can't go wrong with grilled cheese. the mac and cheese probably needs to be a little creamier, its a bit dry. But everything else is phenomenal.Over its good, pricey but good. Had the December Special, a little more meat. I enjoyed the bread. The soup was good.. The soup made the sandwich. I believe they can come down on the price a little.. But the service was good, friendly and quick.First time here. I had the goat and bacon sandwich, good quality bread and the combination of bacon, goat cheese, pepper jelly worked very well. It had a nice combo of salty and sweet. I enjoyed the bacon mac and cheese, even had the truffle oil in the bottom. I would give this place five stars, but the black and blue beignet was not very good. The blue cheese in it just doesnt work. I told Josh the owner that I think just mascarpone would work well. Looking forward to my second visit as I am very impressed.the juice at the big cheezy changed my life.  do yourself a favor and devour one immediately.  i promise it will change your life too...and only for the better.Should be called the big Chintzy! My grilled cheese was rather cheese less !  Such a great concept just poorly executed! Waste of calories:(Mouth watering ideas perfectly executed. Your hangover never stood a chance!.. but you can enjoy the variety of sandwiches here no matter what is ailing you - specifically hunger. I'll be back. Again.. And again.I ordered the BET which was awesome!  Love the refill drinks and sides!  My only let down was taking 30 minutes to get my grub.  If your in a hurry, or on lunch break from the CBD, this probably isn't the place for you unless you call in your order in.   I think they need a couple more cheesers if they are going to have volume like that.  Last, the parking lot is WAY TO SMALL, so park on the street unless you have a Jeep Wrangler or Smart Car.  Everything else was great!Allow me to add to the pile of praise for this lovely establishment. As soon as I heard that a fancy grilled cheese restaurant was opening in New Orleans, I was immediately on board. As soon as I got as taste of the deliciousness that is The Big Cheezy, I knew that this would have to be my 1100th review.
It took me forever to get here and when I finally did it was on a Thursday at about 7. I was thrilled that there was no one else here, so we were able to order quickly with zero wait. I had looked over the menu before I came, so I knew exactly what I wanted. The Flying Dutchman was in my future. With ingredients like gouda, turkey and bacon, it seemed like a no brainer. My dining companion wasn't so sure, but after a few minutes he decided to get the Crazy Old Goat, which was packed with goat cheese, monterey jack, bacon, grilled peppers and red pepper jelly. That sounded pretty amazing as well. We also got some waffle fries to munch on the side.
Because we are smart, we decided that we would split our sandwiches so we both got to taste both. We sat down and we didn't have to wait long at all because there was literally no one else in the place. As soon as the sandwiches came out I was SO excited. Gooey cheese was oozing our of the sides of both of these sandwiches. I could tell that the bread had been buttered (the only way to do it) and the sandwiches looked simple but delicious.
First I bit into my Flying Dutchman. There was so much cheese on this thing and it was melted perfectly. The cheese mixed with the turkey and the bacon to create and amazing and delectable experience. After I finished my half, I couldn't wait to switch. The Crazy Old Goat was so different! I loved how the cheese and the bacon made for a savory experience, the peppers added a little kick and the red pepper jelly added a bit of spicy sweetness. There was a lot happening on this thing and I loved every bit of it.
Both sandwiches that I tried were incredible and I can't wait to go back and try some more of The Big Cheezy menu. I would definitely suggest going later in the day, if you are like me and have no time for a line.Loved the grilled cheese with the Mac n cheese inside! Also you have to get the tomato basil dipper because that really makes the meal. It's in a weird space in town and I wish they had more outdoor seating.National grilled cheese day and my birthday.   I found a new spot for lunch.   The Big Cheezy on South Broad.  The young girl at the register was great !   Did it all , an asset to the company .  Wish other places sent there employees there to learn something.
The menu simple , grilled cheese.  BUT so many things they do to a cheese sandwich.  GOURMET grilled cheese !  The atmosphere is casual and cozy.
FOOD :   got the flying Dutchman , Italian salad and there gumbo soup. 
     sandwich ** gouda on toasted white bread , smoked turkey , apple wood bacon & honey     
     mustard
     salad ** romaine & iceberg with parmesan , green & kalamate olives , cheezy croutons ,       
     onions  , tomato & Italian dressing  and a good size.  Could be a meal by itself for some.
     gumbo ** there version of chicken & two sausage
What can I say , Best I ever had , Great comfort food , Impressed , Delicious , Highly recommend !
Off street parking yes but it's south Broad.  Requires care , it's tricky !  Maybe the city can work with them on that ?
Thanks' for a good birthday.I had the crawgator and a side of mac and cheese.  The sandwich was a bit over priced for amount contained between the bread.  The sausage seemed rubbery.  The biggest disappointment was the mac and cheese.  It was literally just oily noodles.  I couldn't locate cheese.  It was dry.  The total paid for the sandwich and side was about $13.  Not worth it.  Make a grilled cheese at home.What has once been a difficult and fruitless endeavor in New Orleans is now much easier. Those looking for a good grilled cheese sandwich don't need to look any further than The Big Cheezy. 
You can get some bread and cheese almost anywhere here. Just don't mistake that combination for a grilled cheese. There is only one way to get it prepared. You can add whatever you want to it but I prefer some simple classic combos which they allow me to easily do. Nice folks, good service. Can't ask for much more.Very friendly.,great food. Reasonable prices. Love this place. A heart attack waiting to happen but worth it!Really good grilled cheese, although I have to say I preferred my husband's plain ol' grilled to mine with stuff in it. When you get a sandwich, it's sort of a requirement to get the soup, even if only just the dipper size. It's pairs so well with the sandwiches. My only real reason for only four stars is the lack of a kid's menu, or even smaller portions. It's a kid friendly place, so not having something for a smaller appetite would be great.I never thought i could love Grilled Cheese so much!?? Tucked away in a bit of a run down area of Mid-City NOLA this place really is a hole in the wall that doesn't look like much on the outside, but inside has a wonderful staff and the best dang grilled cheese I think i've ever had! The young woman at the front desk was so kind and they had a promotion going on so we got our food for free! I got the Big Cheesy which is their signature sandwhich with 4 different cheeses and WOW. So dang good. And the bread was perfectly thick and crispy but soft too. This place was wonderful and I can't wait to come back when I'm in NOLA again!Wow this place was awful. We went for a late dinner last night. The lady working the front desk seemed annoyed that we wanted to order food? She was texting while we were trying to order, and she constantly rolled her eyes while my boyfriend looked for change. Three of us ordered our food, and it came out at a good time. The food was good, a little over priced, but good. The rest of our group showed up about five minutes after us, and waited 20 minutes... mind you, the restaurant was not busy at all. After this long wait, they asked the cashier when they could expect their sandwiches and she just shrugged. They ended up just getting their cash back. The cashier seemed more then happy to have us leave. 
Needless to say we won't be going back.This was a pretty cool spot. The sandwiches are VERY cheesy! I did enjoy it it was hot and very fresh. The fries are honestly big enough for two people to share and they are very yummy. It is a little pricey for grilled cheese sandwiches I suppose they are gourmet style. The seating was okay, I would have preferred better chairs. The staff was very friendly.Love this place. Probably the only restaurant where I can truly say that everything on the menu looks amazing. I never thought to put quite so much effort into my own grilled cheese sandwiches so these guys have shown me the light. Highly recommend getting at least a dipping portion of the tomato soup, it by itself is excellent. 
The building itself has fun, neat decor and I found the service to be quick and efficient. The bottle opener on the wall is a nice touch as is the patio outside.Make sure you come here knowing you're likely to come out with a delicious heart attack. Service was great and prompt, while the food was to die for. I had an awful hard time to pick one of the delicious grilled cheeses they offer. Bacon Mac & Cheese is da bomb!
I'll definitely be a repeat customer!This place is pretty delicious. There's a grilled cheese for everyone. Savory, sweet or the old stand by. The tomato soup is also delicious as are the waffle fries. Parking could be difficult but we were there early and got a space quick. It's very casual and you order then sit. Highly recommended.An entire menu of delicious, generously stacked specialty grilled cheese sandwiches! I had the crazy goat. Amazing! Loved the contrast between the goat cheese, bacon and sweet/savory sauce. I also loved what I saw in the sandwiches my friends ordered - attention-demanding bread/cheese/meat (and meatless)/sauce combinations that make me want to come back to try each and every one. 
we're talking serious grilled cheese.  
Very cool that the owner is an uptown lad with jokes to boot. Parking on premise make this broad and tulane restaurant a convenient stop / escape from work wherever you are (took me 10 min from near lakeside mall to get there).
Get you some big cheezy!!!A grilled cheese sandwich restaurant, how cool is that!?  Problem....deciding which one to get!  They make savory and sweet, every single one sounded amazing!  One thing you have to add no matter what sandwich you decide on, a side of bacon mac and cheese!  OMG so Freaken good!!!
Very cool little restaurant!  Bright, clean, new.  Everything made fresh to order so takes about 15 minutes.THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!! We had the Spicy Pie (mozzarella, pepperoni, hot cherry peppers, and tomato basil sauce on sourdough), the Juice (cheddar, pepperjack, roast beef with debris, and grilled peppers on sourdough), a side of bacon mac n cheese, and some waffle fries. Everything was executed perfectly - from the seasoning on the fries to the gooeyness of the mac n cheese to the toast of the bread. The employee at the counter was super friendly and awesome, the food came out quickly, and the prices are super reasonable for the quality. We will definitely be back soon!The flying Dutchmen was fantastic! Turkey, apple wood bacon, and grilled cheese. 
The tomato basil soup was creamy with a little kick. The big cheesy was just that. Cheese oozing out of a perfectly grilled cheese sandwich. So delicious. The mac and cheese was good, but the bacon on top of it made it extra good. Very yummy dinner. Always on point.Not the healthiest meal but remember that it is New Orleans. And it certainly was tasty. The salad made me feel like I won't totally self destruct and the Old Goat sandwich was delicious--a little greasy but YUM. Give it a try. Very friendly and relaxed place.Just had the big cheesy for the first time. The food was really really good! Had the Mac n cheesy and sweet potato fries. Only downside is the location: very limited parking and if you have to park behind it the neighborhood is not very nice. They do to go orders though, and I would come back!Had the the juice and it was so good!!! Gumbo was good too! Ill definitely be coming back!Most people don't visit New Orleans to try grilled cheese lol but glad we have a picky friend in the group because this place was so good! I tried the big cheezy which was so big my friend and I split it.  It was the perfect amount of cheese. Not overkill. I also tried a few bites of the mac n cheezy...equally just as good. Their regular waffle fries were better than the cheesy waffle fries in my opinion. Too heavy.Food was delicious. Place your order. Have a seat. Very casual experience. Very good food. I was full after the first half of my sandwich. I'll be back!Overall, my sandwich was pretty good. I had the Old Goat (Monterey Jack cheese, goat cheese, bacon, pepper jelly and green peppers), which was tasty. My friend's bacon mac n cheese was really creamy and had a great texture. 
I also got the apple and brie beignet, which was not good and I ended up throwing away. No one at my table wanted to taste it! It wasn't sweet enough, and the brie really needed some sweetness to offset the "funkiness."
I would go back, though. If I do, I would like to try the tomato soup.I enjoyed the tomato and basil soup.
The sandwich was really big enough I was able to share.Unfortunately, not so cheesy. Even though I ordered a sandwich with roast beef, I really expected to see some more cheese. 1 slice of cheddar and 1 slice pepper jack just does not cut it. On my grilled cheese I like to butter both sides of my bread so both outsides get a nice golden buttery taste and texture. Sorry this place is a miss.Okay, this is a cheese lovers oasis! I loved it! I had the Mac n cheesy.... To die for. My husband had the shrimp one and it was good. We shared a gumbo dipper. We quenched our thirst with rose' and beer.  Gotta try this place... You will not regret it.
The only con... I was turned off by the green slime I noticed as I was getting ice for my water. The ice machine needs to be cleaned.
Needs more parking. 
Convenient seating
Good atmosphereIf you love a good cheese coma then this is your place. Don't plan to do anything after eating here. You aren't going to go out for a night of heavy drinking. This is a strictly eating then going home and relaxing or to the movies. It's totally worth it! The big cheesy is great and so is the side of mac and cheese. My boyfriend got the one with roast beef and loved it. The fries were ehh. To be honest the sandwich is plenty and share a side of your dying for one.My favorite thing about this place is the option to get soup or gumbo in a "dipper" size for your grilled cheese. 
The waffle fries are awesome - get some. Next time I'm going to skip the side of bacon Mac & Cheese. I'm sure there are times it's fantastic, but the noodles were exceedingly soft and overcooked this past Sunday so the texture of my mac & cheese was just sort of a velvety mush. I couldn't finish it. 
I had the Crazy Old Goat. Needs more pepper jelly! It's delicious, just missing a kick. There's a food truck in Tallahassee (or used to be) that has a grilled goat cheese and pepper jelly sandwich that was to die for, and I was disappointed that this one wasn't half as good. Note- that place also has an amazing grilled cheese with brie, prosciutto, and some kind of berry jam that was something I'd crave at 3am once a week. Try it! :) My wife had the Pig in a Blanket. It was delicious. The addition of the house pickles definitely makes it great. I'd prefer a horseradish-based creole mustard (like Scratchmo's) rather than the brown mustard they use --- but I'm just being a picky mofo because you know what, both these sandwiches were great. The interior layout is great. The guy working the register was kind and knowledgable. Overall, good experience with room for improvement. I'll be back.Perfect comfort food! I've had some of the best grilled cheese sandwiches ever created in this little place. Would love to have a beer alongside them, but not everyone can be perfect.Gotta go back. You only get one chance with me, as it should be in NOLA. The juice, two for one beer on Tuesdays, old goat, waffle fries! A place that sells cheese sandwiches. Treat your self to the experience! P.S. Parking sucks! But, worth the effortMaybe is goes without saying- but don't get a salad here. I've had sandwiches here a few times & they're delicious- but today I was just feelin a salad so I got the Ceasar. Basically a huge bowl of shredded iceberg, mostly the white corner pieces that no one actually likes & a good portion of that was brown. :/This is a great restaurant , the food is good, the atmosphere is nice , and it's very affordable.   Ordered the Spicy Pie this time.  Best Fries in townIt's so good, the bread is perfectly browned. The ingredients work well together. I'm love, love, love grilled cheese sandwiches and these are the bomb!We have driven 30 minutes on several occasions to enjoy the offerings at The Big Cheezy, so that says a lot!  What a wonderful surprise to have stumbled upon the new location in Kenner, which is half the distance for us! Though, we should probably opt to walk/run to the restaurant to keep the waistlines at bay!
Our favorite sandwiches include the Flying Dutchman, Cheezy BET, Turkey Presto, The Don...but the real superstar of the menu is the roast beef debris. Get it as a dipper for your sandwiches and as a topping for the waffle fries (+ bacon & cheese). SO. GOOD.Excellent new restaurant. I had the briezy and it was very tasty, but very sweet. The Mac and cheese was fabulous!I got the big cheesy. The sandwich was really good and I went in with high hopes. The waffle fries were ok. My mission is to try every grilled cheese on the menu as it was a hard decision to pick the first time. Next time it'll have to be the Mac and cheese grilled cheese and a different side.Awesome stuff! This place is really cool and cozy. They have parking and small outdoor seating. The indoor seating is relaxing and they have appetizing photos on the walls of their sandwiches. 
Order the Mac & Cheezy. It's a heart attack on bread, but you'll be thankful for going out like a champ. 
Also the girl at the cashier today was very sweet and helpful. Kudos to her.I really don't see what the hype is. You would think a place like this would have a grilled cheese sandwich larger then the ones you are making at home. 8 bucks for a simple grilled cheese sandwhich isn't worth it at all. Sure they have all these cool sounding different types,but they are all still the same size as the ones you can make at home. If you are going to specialize in something,make them bigger then normal. For example,Spudley's which specializes in potatoes,gives you gigantic potatos. The side portions are also very small.I will never go to any of the locations again.The menu is overwhelming,  so be prepared.  The prices are reasonable if you order one of their specialty grilled cheezes but if you go the custom build route,  the costs add up quickly.   
This will be one of the best grilled cheeses of your life.  So be prepared for crispy bread,  melty delicious cheeses,  and other yummy delights.
They offer an original grilled cheese and soup combo for about $8.  The tomato basil soup is very good and I very much so enjoyed the gumbo.   (Those two are the only soup options by the way.  )
They also have dessert beignets.  They are incredible! I dont care how full I am, I will always have room for dessert.
Do not park on the right ride of the building. As the signs say, they tow, and they tow very quickly from what I understand. 
I am disappointed to say that this is not the same Big Cheezey that made an appearance a few years ago at some of the street food events.  The owners of this place bought the name, but its not the same people.Nice casual establishment on south broad street. The grilled cheeses are pretty good, my personal favorite is the Mac n' cheezy (Mac and cheese in a grilled cheese what's not to love????). The waffle fries are also really good and I like that they let you have a little side of soup to dip your grilled cheese in! My only complaint is that you have to pay for everything separately so it adds up quickly (such as wanting a dipper of soup and a side of waffle fries). No deals for getting a sandwich and a side together unfortunately. Recommend for a day when you're craving some comfort food!
Food -- 3.5 stars
Price -- 3.5 stars 
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 3 starsUsually I love this place but had a bad experience this week. Ordered the Lenten shrimp special. While the flavor was great the shrimp had the darkest thickest veins I've ever seen. I wouldn't serve them at my house and certainly didn't expect a restaurant to fail to devein. Ruins the meal when you have to stop and clean your food before each bite.If the waiter would've cleaned up the ketchup that SHE SPILLED on our table I could've given this place 4 stars. The food was great but the service is bad. I thought she would return to clean it but she never did, so I cleaned it after I took this photo. So go for a good sandwich but don't expect anything else to be of quality.Omg y'all. This place. So good. So cheezy. So wonderfully delicious. I got the Mac N Cheezy and oh ma guuuuuudness it was the bomb. It's Mac and cheese on a grilled cheese with bacon. So simple, but so genius? Like those random food vids you see on Facebook (tasty?) that you say you'll make but never do. Well, fear not, cause this place has it. The waffle fries were amazing too! It was kinda in this random ass spot but like whatever it's worth it because a Mac n Chz on a grilled cheese is important, ya know? I do also recommend the parm bird or whatever too. It comes with this lil tomato soup dipper and is the perfect touch to the Sammy. Reading the other reviews has me rolling my eyes. Let's get real, this place is doing it right and can't wait to stuff my face again with cheesy goodness.OMG GOOD!!! I built my own with two cheeses, turkey and ham. It was great! That, along with a bottled water and Waffle Fries, did I mention they have waffle fries???, was $14. A bit high, but the quality was there. I can't wait to share this gem with the rest of the familyAmazing combos of ooey gooey cheese. This meal satisfied several cravings and the atmosphere was equally as awesome!  I've never had such a great "sandwich" if you're in the mood for slamming hot cheesyness then look no further- prepare to park and walk if lunchtimeSo exicted to discover this place!  Just 2 blocks from my house, it is incredibly dangerous for me to have food this good so close.  I had The Juicy... and it lived up to its name.  Hubby had the crawfish and alligator sausage, and said it was incredible.  We weren't crazy about the bacon mac-n-cheese... it was fine, just not phenomenal.  But the waffle fries... oh, waffle fries.  We'll be back soon to try more of the menu, as everything on it looked great.  Can't wait!Not a big grilled cheese fan but my girlfriend and I went yesterday and I almost slapped her, it was that good. Of course I wouldn't, but just to give you an idea. The staff was friendly, love the fact that a dipper option of gumbo or tomato soup is offered for 1.50, and the dessert beignets are fabulous. Go here or check yourself into a mental ward. Only disappointment is the location. Thank you for your time.I joined a couple of friends for lunch today at The Big Cheezy to get the Lenten Special; a Grilled Shrimp Sandwich on Toasted Sour Dough Bread, with Gouda and Swiss Cheese and Remoulade sauce.  Well, this sandwich really lived up to the establishment's name because the exorbitant amount of cheese was so overwhelming that it virtually rendered the shrimp tasteless.  One of the guys in our party arrived late and upon seeing our sandwiches and hearing our dismay, he was able to request that his sandwich have extra shrimp, which at no extra cost, satisfied him immensely.  I''m only rating this as a two star review because even though the sandwich was quite edible and tasty, it was not nearly what I'd expected based on the promotional pictures.Place would have been so legit if not for the rude host/cashier. 
I ordered the Flying Dutchman, the Mac n cheezy, waffle fries, and an 8 oz tomato basil soup. 
Everything was delicious except my brother and I noticed that our Flying Dutchman was lacking enough cheese. Considering this is a grilled cheese place, I would assume that my sandwich would be oozing cheese. It wasn't. I go to the register and ask if they would add more cheese. The cashier got defensive so quickly. "Well, that's how we normally make it. We add a slice to each side." I don't care how you normally make it, I just asked for more cheese because I felt it wasn't enough. That's all. She proceeds to try to guilt trip me by telling me that they would have to make me an entirely new sandwich. I tell her it's fine, don't worry about it. Because it was fine. I just didn't like the attitude. If I hadn't already tipped, she would have gotten next to nothing. 
TLDR; Place is good. Try the food. Avoid rude host.Ok so this is the greatest idea in the history of ideas. These guys have created something beyond legend. The atmosphere is on time and the waitstaff is personable. The sandwiches are tha kitties titties and I will come back again and again!  Go try it! You won't be disappointedI can't make a decent grilled cheese so this place is a godsend. From a classic grilled cheese with tomato soup, to something fancy with a bunch of meat, they can do it all.I am calling BS on this place. You all do realize you are paying close to 10 bucks for a grilled cheese sandwich that will take them 30 minutes to cook and be mediocre at best ? Yeah, the ingredients are slightly better, but come on you lemmings, stop, pause and think! YOU ARE PAYING NEARLY $10 FOR A F-----NG GRILL CHEESE SANDWICH! Know who else makes a killer grilled cheese? Almost every fourth grader alive.
I'll even break it down for you:
1. Get some half way decent bread. Butter up two slices.
2. Put some decent cheese between the slices; add a vegetable or apple slice.
3. Put in a buttered pan, add heat let in melt.
4. Overcharge the sh-t outta some morons.
Hey come to my next concept, for $12 I'll sell you Kraft Mac n Cheese from a box. Add a side of ants on a log for only $5!This place has good eats. Its a shop that does new style grilled cheese sandwiches and deserts. I enjoyed it. We elected to build our on as opposed to going with the offered selections. The Black & Blue desert was pretty good. Also the Brie-licious is good.Ok so this is the greatest idea in the history of ideas. These guys have created something beyond legend. The atmosphere is on time and the waitstaff is personable. The sandwiches are tha kitties titties and I will come back again and again!  Go try it! You won't be disappointedSo amazing!  It's super affordable and you will want to take a long nap afterwards!  Many choices for gourmet grilled cheeses (Mac and Cheesy, Hot sausage, numerous Cajun varieties).  Dessert options available too!  Come hungry, because everything here is so rich!Shrimp, Gouda Cheese, Carmalized Onions, Ramoulade- sour dough bread! Delicious**. The Cheese Gods have blessed me. The bread was crispy and buttery on the outside, and moist on the inside..what a perfect balance of flavors. 
I added the chicken and sausage gumbo as a dipper, good choice to wet down the bread. The gumbo was a bit watery, but the flavor profile was nice. 
I also tasted the Mac n Cheezy.  Umm umm good. Cheezy goodness filled with bacon bits Cheddar cheese on sour dough bread.
Beer on tap was COLD! 
Boom* this place is Gooooood!Super good food, super friendly staff.  Second time I have to this Big Cheezy and Borg times the kids were happy.  Going back for sure.It's good, like, really good.
I had to stop in after seeing Charles H. give this joint a five star review. I don't believe he hands those out very often so I had a bit of an eyebrow-raiser-moment when I read that as the case. 
The menu, at first, is quite a bit to consume, there's a lot going on with it. I went with the 'Mac & Cheezy' and an order of the waffle fries. After a brief wait, I took my to-go order back home and got to it. As far as portions are concerned, it all seemed fair. I was able to make that order out of two small meals. This stuff is super greasy so don't expect to be bouncing around in a healthy high after you're done, but what else is to be expected from a place with Cheezy in the name?
The inside is a decent size, not huge, but there's also a few seating options out front where there are some umbrella-tables for enjoying those nice, Summer days without getting beat down by the sun. This place is actually the old Liberty's  Kitchen location. The cashier, Samantha, was super friendly, very bubbly, positive vibe she had with everyone in the place.
Be sure if you're parking, to park on the left side of the building because you may get towed for doing so on the right side.
I'm definitely going back to try that turkey pesto, the pics look deliscious and it seems like the less greasy option.
Well done.Popped in for lunch with a buddy while in town on vaycay. Thoroughly impressed with kind service and quality food. Will be back!When I first read world famous Yelper Charles H.'s review for this place I knew I had to try it. A resturant specilizing in (my favorite) grilled cheese sandwiches and a a clever name to boot? Count me in. I got my ass in gear and headed here with a few other world famous Yelpers. So glad I did!
The menu is not super simple but completely mouthwatering. I would have had a hard time deciding what to order had I not stalked the online menu for days before I came. I knew I had to try the Flying Dutchman...Gouda cheese on white with turkey, bacon and honey mustard. Oh yeah. They went there and I was happy to go with them. This sandwich was bursting with flavor and I polished off the entire thing. (Unusual for me...I'm normally the girl who always has leftovers for later).  The waffle fries were crisp and perfectly seasoned. For dessert we split the PB&B....sliced bananas, peanut butter,  marscapone and chocolate syrup on a grilled beignet dusted with powdered sugar. Boom! Holy hell was that yummy!
Thank you for coming to the Big Easy, Big Cheezy! I heart you and will  definitely return!Finally made it to the Big Cheezy and I must say it was worth the stop. The server was very friendly and helpful.  I ended up deciding on The Juice and a side of waffle fries. It was delicious, and sooo filling!!! My only gripe was that it wasn't as hot as I would've liked, all my cheese wasn't quite melted, a little rushed but,  I did stop in 30 minutes to close!  Lol so I will definitely be back!Grilled cheese with a twist. Definitely try the juice if you're a fan of roast beef and gravy. If not, try it anyways! You won't be disappointed. It was juicy and moist so expect to get your hands dirty ;)
The crawgator is also pretty good and so was the turkey w/bacon. I would recommend getting the smallest size of dipping sauce because the sandwich was quite large and I only finished half of it. What a bummer .
I would definitely come back again to try the desserts!!This is a fun spot to go for soup and a sandwich. Pros: parking available, great tomato soup, nice clean interior, friendly service, unique menu. Cons: pricey for a lunch spot, but there's a Groupon out now, the Briezy option is too sweet, more of a dessert sandwich, but otherwise, pretty awesome!What do I want as a celebration meal? It's a real tough toss-up for me between a steak and a grilled cheese. This weekend I chose grilled cheese and got some friends together to try out The Big Cheesy. Great idea on my part! The only con about this place is the parking. It's limited and kind of tough for some people apparently. As I was pulling in, a girl was leaving and ran into the building! Whoops. Anyway, I met my friends and we went inside. I had already studied the menu and knew I was going with the Crazy Old Goat and some waffle fries. (Side note: I had an extra special bonus of some other friends leaving me a bottle of celebratory bourbon with the super sweet girl behind the counter who also congratulated me and laughed about my great friends who had eaten there earlier.) So, we grabbed the bourbon, the beer we brought (it's BYOB if you haven't gotten that part yet), and picked a table outside. Soon enough, our food came out and everyone started chowing down. I got a thumbs up on all the sandwiches and an OK on the mac and cheese. My sandwich was delicious! You get a tangy salty thing from the goat cheese and bacon then you're hit with a little sweetness from the pepper jelly. I also appreciated the fact that the bread was thin enough for you to enjoy the inner workings of your sandwich. So good! The waffle fries were good, crispy with a little spice to them, but I wouldn't need to get them next time as I was good with just the sandwich. The prices were what I would pay at any other sandwich shop and I was completely satisfied with my meal. Overall, it was a great celebration of booze and cheesy goodness. I have a feeling I will be celebrating lots of life's little victories here.This place is great. The service was quick and friendly, the food was made correctly and tasted great. The mac n cheese has a hint of jalapeño, as well as a ton of bacon. My Flying Dutchman and my companions "the juice" were delicious, but looked haphazardly thrown together. The gumbo was good, but not even close to New Orleans standards for a local joint. It lacked flavor depth or spice and was a little too salty for me, thus the 4 star review. The build your own option comes out to astronomical pricing compared to the pre designed specialty sandwiches they offer on the menu. So stick to the menu unless you want a $14 grilled cheese.I absolutely love this place. My wife brought me here for my birthday and I was pleasantly surprised. They have a great variety of choices and everything is a version of grilled cheese. I had the Pig in a Blanket. It lasted all of five minutes (if even) on my plate.Had the craw gator - everything was fresh, unique, and delicious.  Also had the last strawberry for dessert - fantastic.  Will definitely be back.Amazing sandwiches (massive and unique variety of grilled cheeses) and many other good things- -especially the Mac and Cheese.  They're always coming up new things too.  Must try!grilled cheese and hot tomato basil soup on a rainy day  great food , huge portions, lots of options and dessert that you have to squeeze in.Randomly found this place searching for places to eat on Yelp!  I am a serious grilled cheese lover so I was super excited to check it out, and they did not disappoint. The location was a little tricky to find because the signs are small, but, the guy inside said they were working on getting new signs. The people inside were pleasant and helpful. We got the Pig in a Blanket, and it was super yummy!! They did not skimp on the ingredients and it was very well presented. The store front was clean and had a good music selection playing. Our next trip we plan on stopping in and getting our order to go, and eating lunch at the Statue Garden nearby (which I highly recommend visiting as well). This visit went beyond my expectations, and I have high expectations when it comes to grilled cheese.