Ate here on Wednesday night. Great people, and delicious food. If you want fast, fresh home cooked meals for the family, stop by, you can eat in or carry out. I had pot roast, pablano pepper potatoes, Mac and cheese with  bacon and broccoli. Delicious,  will be back this week!!!!!Recently tried this spot right by my house! Great food, great prices for healthy, nice portions, and the nicest staff! The creamed spinach and roasted chicken is sooo delicious! Making this my healthy around the corner stop!Food is good overall with fresh ingredients, but the prices are too high for the portion size. While their brisket is some of the best I've had, you get only a small portion; and the sides you get with the entree are tasty but likewise scant. I asked the person behind the counter what came in the veggie medley. She told me a list of the included veggies. When I got home, I had such a small 3-bite portion that it didn't include all the veggies she had mentioned. If you're looking for a good value, this is not the place to go. If you're looking for prepared food to bring home to your family at a decent value, I'd recommend The Robert's down the street over Füd Bar. If you live down the block and don't mind spending $40+ for a  tasty meal for two, give it a try. However, I feel like for the price point, you should either get larger portions or the restaurant's ambiance should be more commensurate with the prices. I would maybe try it one more time with a lower expectation of value that would keep me from being surprised at the small portions when I get home and open my food.Very good food. We did carry out and everything was still very fresh and flavorful by the time we got home. The pork carnitas and lemon herb chicken were delicious!Quality food, great clean place and friendly staff. Easy to get on and out. I like outside sitting.We visited for he first time. Convenient-right around the corner.
Beef brisket and creamed spinach and kale are great!
Portion sizes are good. 
Great to support a local foodie family.Many nights I crave a semi healthy home cooked meal and have no idea where to go because let's be honest, there aren't many options in this city for that other than Piccadilly or Whole Foods hot bar (correct me if I'm wrong). When I saw the Fud bar open up and peeped their menu options, I was delighted. I've been numerous times now and have yet to be disappointed with my meals. 
My go to meal is the rotisserie chicken which comes with 3 sides and some type of lemon glaze that is delicious. I usually rotate between the creamed kale and spinach, roasted sweet potatoes, Mac n cheese when I'm feeling bad, or the sautéed vegetables which are cooked to perfection. I don't know what they are doing back there in the kitchen, but I have yet to be able to get my veggies to taste as amazing as they make there's. I've also had the shepherds pie which is sooooo good as well as the pork carnitas quesadillas with green rice. My husband recently had the Cuban sandwich and said it was a bit rich, yet delicious. If you are in the area and are looking for something healthyish yet good, I definitely suggest coming here.Tonight was my first visit to Fud Bar and I was pleasantly surprised.  I got the trout almondine and it was delicious.  Tasted the rotisserie chicken and that was also very good.  The sides were delicious - I can see myself coming back often.Love this place! What an superb execution of a fantastic idea. Everything is fresh and amazing. Delicious and healthy. Service is top notch as well. I love the carnitas and Shepard's pie. Sautéed veggies are amazing as a side!Thoroughly enjoyed the Pork Carnitas. The sides are basic, but good. The entree was worth the price of admission. Cool vibe and great service.FUD Bar is just around the corner from home so decided to stop after an evening run.  They have a great selection so I spent a few minutes contemplating my order.  The nametagless gentleman behind the counter was patient and helpful.  I decided on 4-side plate (sauteed zucchini/squash, braised kale, black beans and green rice) for $10 and a small tomato and fennel soup $5.  The server grabbed a spoon and dipped something out of the black beans...throwing it in the sink behind him. (Cause for concern?!?!?)
  I got home in less than five minutes (3 blocks away).  The black beans and rice were cold and bland as was the soup (bland).  The highlight was the braised kale. It was hot and well seasoned.  I will give them a second chance thanks to the kale and welcoming atmosphere.This place has been perfect for our family.  We're in and out in 30 minutes, the food is healthy, and it's close to home.  We typically have enough leftovers for our kids to have lunch the next day as well.The food was very good. We also enjoyed the employees. Everyone was extremely friendly and hospitable. The cashier/ hostess gave us great tips. Nothing but good food and positive energy.I've been wanting to try this place for a while; finally did today. Clean, new place. Friendly staff. The food that I took home was superb. I got the meatloaf with mashed potatoes, carrots, and vegetable medley. My concern was that the food would be bland and all taste the same, like a cafeteria. I was very pleasantly surprised as each item had its own, intended flavor. Everything was seasoned perfectly. It was like something you would expect from a dinner at a kitchen-talented friend's home. I will definitely be back for more. :-)This is a great option when rushing home from work. I love that they put their menu online so you know if you like what they're serving that day! The servings are also very generous--plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day.The raging Queen of Carthage thinks this vegan tomato fennel soup is divine. As divine as the spilt blood of poor Polydores, stuck inside a tree. As rich as the blood from poor Turnus, whom that traitor spilt. Yes, this is a roux fit for both the world of men and of Dis. The patio here on earth is a nice respite as well.Great food, nicely spicy. So much more than a salad bar. The platter of sides is excellent for vegetarians. Shrimp and grits were authentic (shrimp heads on), spicy and perfectly cooked. Grits were a creamy counterpart. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Good selection of sodas and beers with chilled glasses. Very pleasant meal.Great food, super nice owners, and relaxed atmosphere. My husband and I made our first trip in with our two boys and we ate very well. The prices for a couple of the entrees are a little high for the portion size but overall great quality food and the sides are amazing! Our boys loved the mac and cheese, steamed broccoli, and black beans. The creamed kale and spinach was so yummy and so was the corn. Will definitely be back sooner rather than later! Good beer and wine selection as well it looks like. They have great specials too and would love to come back on a Monday or Wednesday for the meatloaf and shepherds pie!this is a great spot for lunch.   I have been here many times.   I feel like I could live on that creamed spinach and kale baby.   CUBAN to die for.  salad bar, pulled pork, good lord.  these folks know how to cook.
owner is really nice, staff is super helpful, and this is the spot you haven't noticed, but you should.     yum.I enjoyed my meal and experience.  Stewed Squash was amazing def had the stewewd flavor which is always hard to nail! Cuban was tasty as well...I'll be back to try more off the menu nice addition to LakeviewBrisket  or trout, can't go wrong with either.    Eat in or take out your choice.   Great lunch or dinner place.  I enjoy taking the family there.This is exactly what I'm looking for on a busy week night. The food is high end restaurant quality. The food presentation is cafeteria style. The price meets in the middle. The atmosphere is nice, clean, and friendly. The proprietor was there and very eager to receive feedback and provide information. The staff seemed happy even if the manager wasn't around.
I ordered the eye of round with roasted cauliflower, macaroni and cheese, and vegetable medley. It was $13 with portions generous enough to feed me for 2 meals. My only food suggestions are that the cauliflower was a little salty (that might be my preference) and "vegetable medley" is a horrible name. "Vegetable medley" conjures microwaved high school cafeteria veggies. These consisted of fresh snow peas, mushrooms, onions, etc. Very delicious. 
All this makes me very disappointed to be leaving the area. I've waited years for something decent to come along. I even hear they will be getting beer and wine. While I can't recommend this for a first date spot, this is a fantastic place to go for people on the go (they also have ready to go items), busy people, people who like convenience, and budget conscious students. I will definitely be back!This place great. The food is delicious, with many times the entrees being an old familiar favorite with a new, current way of preparation. The meatloaf and shepherds pie are wonderful.  The red beans and rice are great. They are familiar enough to have you think of mom, but flavorful enough to make it unique.
The veggies and sides are great, my favorites being the roasted sweet potatoes, the Maque Choux corn, and the creamed spinach and kale. 
The owners and their staff are wonderful, very personable, and make you feel welcome.  They use fresh ingredients in the cooking and you can taste the quality in every bite. The portions are also quite generous. 
It's a great place. This is the place to go if you like like mom's comfort food, but you've developed a more sophisticated palate.I've been meaning to try this place for a while and it didn't disappoint! Meatloaf was awesome! It was also great that kids eat free on Mondays. My little one loved the mac and cheese. Not only that, but the owner was walking around talking to people in the restaurant, and knew everyone's name. So great to have great owners and this so close to our house!Dark meat on the rotisserie chicken is dry. How do you make dark meat dry? The "whipped potatoes" are definitely instant potatoes from a box, saffron rice doesn't have saffron in it- there's like a vague amount of flavoring and I can't even figure out what it is, and the spinach- man put some onions in it or something! Anything! Did you forget where your spice rack is? The prepared foods at Winn Dixie are better than this! And to top it off, your coke/soda ratio is off. You only get one star because they won't let me give you no stars.Wow!  Tonight I had the drum almandine & loved it! It was incredibly delicious - very flavorful fish, sautéed perfectly with yummy almonds! I also enjoyed the sautéed Brussels sprouts and Mac and cheese.  While I waited, I had an ice Cold draft beer. There is a nice variety of selections on the  menu- something for everyone. The Cuban sandwich is scrumptious and the quesadillas very good. The owners & staff are always very friendly and happy to please. Please support this wonderful addition to the lakefront neighborhoods which, let's face it, need businesses like this!I visited for the first time last week and will definitely be back! I had green rice (YUMMY) and a rotisserie chicken quesadilla. I also tried a twice-stuffed baked potato. All were very tasty and reasonably priced.Excellent food!  Eat in,  it take to go or pick up lunch or dinner for friends and family!  The service was friendly and efficient,  the atmosphere is comfortable and inviting.  I also picked up items already packaged to bring home for tomorrow's lunch and dinner! 
I definitely will return and highly recommend Fud Bar to anyone looking for a satisfying nutritious meal!So close, and really good. Very friendly staff and super clean place. Got the carnitas and could only finish half a wrap. Going back to try the breakfast! Hope to enjoy before the clinic across the street learn about this quaint and delish spot and fill the place up. I can see this place booming with business with all those hungry employees! Drink specials are plentyIf you have not eaten at the restaurant you are missing out.  The food and service were awesome.  Lots of gluten free items.I just had lunch at this place and it exceeded my expectations. It is not inexpensive but the quality of my food was like a classically trained french chef made it in a four dollar sign fine dining restaurant. I had the pan roasted drum topped with shrimp étouffée served over rice with a side of roasted veggies and the creamed spinach and kale. I am from cajun Louisiana and this was the best étouffée I have ever had. It was $15.00 but it could easily serve two adults. My only suggestion would be to have a printed daily menu for customers that want to have a sit down meal and relax.The veggies were delicious! The seasoning perfect, fresh and lite, not heavy on the salt or oilsThe food here doesn't have too much flavor, season, good taste. Yes it's a great idea and great for quick lunch but it's missing that kick that will make me keep coming back, I would give them one more chance. Their variety is pretty neat and probably the sandwiches are great but the plates as much good looking that they are they don't taste or more like are lacking of flavor and seasoning. Try it everyone is different. Sandwiches probably still pretty good.Food is pretty good but way overpriced. Especially if you order sides to go. Very small portions. Very friendly and helpful staff. Thumbs down for not being open on the weekend.You guys. This place is a GEM. Hidden in the restaurant wasteland that is Gentilly, The Füd Bar is a tasty and tasteful delight for your mouth. We were a little hesitant to try it, because we thought it would be just slightly above cafeteria quality, due to some of the cafeteria-like elements (trays, a bar to dish up cold sides), and so we were completely surprised when our food was made to order . . . and then blew our minds with its deliciousness. I couldn't even wait to digest it before I had to write this review. The chicken cordon bleu pressed sandwich was so much more than the sum of its parts, as was the mac and cheese and the BBQ brisket pressed sandwich.  JUST GO. Even if you don't live in Gentilly, but especially if you do!We're so happy there's a quality food option in our food-desert neighborhood. 
Staff was very friendly and walked us through how Füd Bar is set up. They have plenty of options for both healthy and comfort food. A salad bar, hot line, and grab n go makes it easy for busy adults and families to eat well.
We got the meat (chicken) and three sides option for $11 (!!) with plenty of leftovers for the next meal. 
Can't wait to go back.Gentilly needed a spot like this! This quaint restaurant is casual with awesome food. My first stop was on a Friday night and there was a great happy hour plus live music. The food was delish. My husband had the pork carnitas plus three sides and I had the red beans and rice. There is something for everyone on this menu whether you're a meat lover, vegetarian, wanting something healthy, or eating your feelings. The staff were helpful and friendly. My only regret is not visiting this place sooner. Glad it's in our neighborhood. Can't wait till the weather is a bit cooler to take advantage of the outdoor seating.I was trying to give this place the benefit of doubt. I visited on two different occasions and both times the food was undercooked and horrible. If I could give this place zero stars I would!!!! Over priced food with below average taste. I had the fingerling potatoes and they were undone. I felt like the bbq pork was also not fully uncooked. The only good thing is the staff. They were very friendly and professional. Especially Bernadette and I think the young man name was Joe or James.Enjoyed a catered lunch for 10 people at work today for a special occasion.  We ordered the Chicken Alfredo and Market Salad.  It was delicious with on time delivery and generous portions.  Loved all of the fresh ingredients in the salad with homemade dressing.Healthy, DELICIOUS, and affordable lunch 4 minutes away from UNO? Yes, please! There are so many options here from a bomb salad bar to amazing hot lunches. Wish I knew about this place soonerI really liked the healthy food choices and the service was excellent. Nice & clean environment with plenty of parking. My children also like the food selection. It caters to the "whole" family.I just went there for the second time. This place is my new favorite. So far I've had the Cuban and the shrimp remoulade on french. Both were crazy good! Can't wait to go back and try something elseFinally got around to trying this neighborhood spot and I am very pleased! This is fresh, homemade food that is great for those of us who want a hearty dinner but don't cook ourselves. Lots of vegetarian options including the quesadilla, spinach and mushroom wrap, and any one of the sides. I got the spinach and mushroom wrap, which was SAVORY, with melty goat cheese, umami mushrooms and a warm, buttery outer crust. They had out homemade pound cake that my husband and I devoured. They have happy hour specials on Fridays with wine and beer deals as well as live music. They also have cute deals like wine-and-pick-3-sides. The owner was very kind and had a friendly, neighborly demeanor. They have a nice little outdoor patio that seems pleasant to eat on. We, however, picked up our food to go. This will definitely become one of the restaurants we add to our picking-up-dinner rotation!Definitely the best food I've found in this area. I've enjoyed every meal I've gotten here!  My biggest complaint is that they aren't open on weekends (when I am most likely to eat out) so I don't go often enough. Everyone has always been super friendly and I need to do a better job of finding excuses to eat out/pick up food during the week to support them!This place is in a quiet strip of Robert E Lee in the Lake Terrace area just past the Greek church before you get to Paris Ave.  There are a couple of parking space in front of Papa Johns, and a cute patio area out front for outdoor seating with umbrella shades.  The restaurant inside is immaculate with Terrence Osbourne art on the walls and counter service for ordering.  The service is very friendly and they thank you for coming on your way out after your meal.  There is a TV on, but no volume.  Your food is delivered to you on a tray and then afterwards you take your things to a busing station by the door.  The fountain drinks are self-service.  I had the tomato fennel soup which was good.  For my main I had the roasted chicken with 3 sides.  It was a meat plus 3 entree.  It was so much food!  The roasted chicken was bursting with herb seasoning and cooked perfectly.  The breast meat was juicy and delicious, and the skin seasoned beautifully.  I had the stewed zucchini and the southern greens.  The zucchini was stewed in a tomato onion broth and was delicious.  The southern greens had a touch too much steens or something too sweet.  I definitely recommend this for a good lunch, ample home-cooked food that is also still healthy.  I liked that the menu showed clearly marked GF options.  They also offer delivery through Uber Eats, so I am excited to order from them again, or go in for lunch.The Lake Terrace community has been a food desert (with the exception of fast food places on elysian fields) since Hurricane Katrina. So as a working mom who lives in the area, I was eager to stop at Fud Bar and see what they had to offer. Here's a review of my experience: 
1. Customer service was great! As i walked thru the door, I was greeted by multiple people. 
2. I like the concept of the salad bar, grab and go, and cafeteria style. It's really conducive to people on the run. 
3. Food was average.
     A.  It appeared to be dry as though it had sat out for hours. Appearance is a big thing with food. It should look tasty and fresh.
     B. If the restaurant caters to families, they should consider a less complex menu. Consider the green rice for instance. If you're feeding younger children they won't eat green rice. (Well atleast mine wouldnt) Try like a Jasmine rice or something.
    C. The portions were OK. Children or maybe a woman could eat off of 1 plate for two meals. Guys would gobble the portions in one sitting. The grab and go sides could feed two adults. 
4. Prices are reasonable, but can get expensive if you're feeding a family of 4 or more. The rotisserie chicken is more expensive than Roberts, Rouses, and Lakeview Grocery. 
All in all, I'm glad to see a restaurant there, but they still have some kinks to work out. I will visit again in a month or so to see if the food is a little better.Friendly and helpful staff, very good menu with plenty of specials and unique sides. Clean and simple layout with eclectic atmosphere. Had the beef brisket press which was very tasty, will have to come back and try some of the other options. If you are in the Vista Lake, City Park area, definitely a place to tryout. Very good value for amount of food you get.Really GREAT, fresh, delicious food - nice neighborhood atmosphere - bright, CLEAN and airy, very friendly. Bonus- wine and beer! We'll be back!Delicious, high-quality, great concept! So nice to have an alternative take away lunch option besides Robert's (which is awful).Great and friendly service
Enjoyed the pork carnitas with the rice and brussel sprouts; husband had the crawfish étouffée and mixed veggies.
We both enjoyed our lunch and will def return.I ordered the meatloaf sandwich (excellent, with a spicy kick) and the Cuban sandwich (I loved it) with the praline bread pudding (totally worth $5 deliciousness). The sides were great too. We are really excited to live near this place. Glad we tried it.We just passed this eatery and decided to stop by after work one day. 
Okay, love a full salad bar. Okay, but I am not fond of paying by the lb...cheeky huh. I just think I would prefer a salad already dressed. 
The cooked food was semi healthy. Had a piccadilly feel to it but more upscale. I really liked the veggies ie carrots, spinach, mash was good and baked chicken. We spent $49 on salad bar, 2 plates and gumbo. I would go back solo because eating at a cafeteria starts feeling like dining at a restaurant with +2.
The outdoor seating area is fun and the customer service was quintessential!The food is delicious, the carnitas quesadilla was one of the best I've ever had.  Trivia on Thursday nights w/ great beer specials.  Can't wait to try their breakfast.So Many Great Things About This Place! Gentilly has been needing a spot like this for so long. The owners have gone above and beyond to offer everything you could want. Endless options of great food from scratch. Great prices. Full bar, and happy hour. Trivia nights, live music, patio dining. Dog friendly. Easy parking. If you pull in here and go to the chain pizza place next door? SHAME ON YOU! Support locally founded and operated business. These guys are great and will put smile on your face every time. Breakfast served Monday through Friday. I love the 4 Sides for $10 - a nice portion of everything and I'm a happy girl!Excellent! I have been looking forward to giving Fud a try for a while, and today things worked out and I had lunch here with my mom.
It's located on Robert E. Lee and there is a parking lot around back with a few available spaces.  We were greeted when we walked in and I was so happy to find the place clean and cheery.
It's counter service and the menu is on a board on the wall behind the counter.  There are lots of great choices - sandwiches, salads, wraps, lunch plates, family style meals to go and soups.  My mom and I each went with lunch plates. You choose a meat and 3 sides.
I went with the brisket, maque choux, creamed spinach and kale, and sweet potatoes.  A few minutes after we placed our order at the counter our food was delivered to our table.  The portions were very generous and everything was super flavorful and delicious.  The brisket was fork tender! 
I can't neglect to mention the friendly, attentive service we received. 
I'll definitely stop in again.Came to NOLA for a long weekend, and happened to find this place on Friday morning. They are delightful! Eric (an owner) made it a point to introduce himself. The food was great, great service, and quite honestly, the only place we made it a point to come back to before heading home. 12/10 will come back to The Füd Bar the next time we are here!Had the Portobello , spinach wrap with goat cheese. It was very good.  Loved the way the tortillas was warm and crispy it's a Nice lunch for the summer. Also, had the creamed spinach and kale which was delicious. The staff is friendly and eager to answer questions.
Went back the next day and got the chicken, black bean quesadilla.  It was very good and the portion was more than I could eat. The quality of food here it better than most restaurants.  Look forward to seeing what else pops up on the menuHad the Portobello , spinach wrap with goat cheese. It was very good.  Loved the way the tortillas was warm and crispy it's a Nice lunch for the summer. Also, had the creamed spinach and kale which was delicious. The staff is friendly and eager to answer questions.This is my second trip here and the "fud" is as good as I remember when they first opened. The creamed spinach and kale is ridiculously good...squeeze on some lemon (from the beverage area) and it's perfect. If you order the roasted fennel and tomato soup, order the extra bread ($1): garlicky deliciousness. 
The inside is a little sterile and cold feeling. They would benefit from some tablecloths or some softness.  They have a liquor license, so get your beer, wine, or Tito's on.  Too bad there's not an actual bar or counter to sit at.
Overall, 4.5 stars. Amazing, well seasoned and flavorful options, with reasonably priced creative menu and weekly specials. Atmosphere is lacking, but that can be remedied. Come for the food!We had ordered take out. The pork carnita wrap was so scrumptious! It melted in your mouth. 
The red beans and rice with sausage was pretty tasty. 
I tried the Mac and cheese and sweet potato wedges, so good!!Woah! Talk about amazing! I've been wanting to try this place for months now. I finally went in today and I was greeted by the sweetest woman. In the background there is this angelic pianist singing his heart out to some Neo soul as I'm trying to pick from the many delicious choices.
I choose the M&3. Brisket, steamed broccoli, creamed spinach and kale, and black beans (not pictured). That was the juiciest, most flavorful, and healthy brisket I've ever had, and I make a pretty good brisket myself! Everything about this place was 5 stars! I will be returning  again when I havent meal prepped!
Edit: I returned for a second time and ordered the brisket again, it was ALL FAT; talk about gross, the sides were good, creamed spinach, roasted sweet potatoes, and corn maque choux.Gentilly needed a spot like this! This quaint restaurant is casual with awesome food. My first stop was on a Friday night and there was a great happy hour plus live music. The food was delish. My husband had the pork carnitas plus three sides and I had the red beans and rice. There is something for everyone on this menu whether you're a meat lover, vegetarian, wanting something healthy, or eating your feelings. The staff were helpful and friendly. My only regret is not visiting this place sooner. Glad it's in our neighborhood. Can't wait till the weather is a bit cooler to take advantage of the outdoor seating. 
UPDATE
Just when I thought I couldn't like this place more. BREAKFAST! The menu is just right. I had grits and veggie hash. Delish! The grits were the perfect creamy. Coffee was only a buck. We'll be back for breakfast and maybe sit outside next time.Woah! Talk about amazing! I've been wanting to try this place for months now. I finally went in today and I was greeted by the sweetest woman. In the background there is this angelic pianist singing his heart out to some Neo soul as I'm trying to pick from the many delicious choices.
I choose the M&3. Brisket, steamed broccoli, creamed spinach and kale, and black beans (not pictured). That was the juiciest, most flavorful, and healthy brisket I've ever had, and I make a pretty good brisket myself! Everything about this place was 5 stars! I will be returning  again when I havent meal prepped!