Suuuuuper fancypants kind of place. Walking into the Windsor Court motel is like going through a portal to the parallel universe where we're all fabulously wealthy. It's fun to get dressed up and go here; the service is excellent, the surroundings are opulent, the roses are beautiful. They apparently do high tea here, but I'm not sure when. If you're going to the restaurant, you can valet park your car -- they'll validate your parking. Which, of course, is always a bonus.The Grill Room (breakfast & dinner) is part of the classic experience at the Windsor Court Hotel.  The service is the best.  The art work is real.
But be prepared.  Prices are higher than most other restaurants in New Orleans.  We've had a couple of breakfasts for two: $80 & $ 60.
If you can get past the prices, the food is excellent, the service is the best of any hotel in the city, and everything comes with a special touch.  Recommended for breakfast: the Huevos Rancheros, the Windsor Court Benedict, the oatmeal (pick your fruit), or the French Toast.  Pretty awesome.
Orange juice is $5 and coffee is $10.  The free coffee table is just steps away.  Save your money and just have the entree.The ambiance was lovely and the service was excellent. The music was great too, but I expected more from the food. The portions were too small; New Orleans is known for great food, music and drinks. The dropped the ball on the food; It was missing the special New Orleans "bounce".Great tastes, classy atmosphere located inside the Windsor Court Hotel.
Lamb was absolutely perfect! 
Until my experience at The Grill Room my best lamb dish was in Ecuador and this gave it a run for it's money. 
Classy dining experience, great flavour, good pairings. 
Very attentive servers who worked as a team and really explained the meal.Was welcomed into the hotel like a queen; escorted to a magnificent table in front of a magic tableau of windows and ruffled curtains, behind a musical ensemble - piano, cello, etc. 
Had the Revillon dinner special - salad, pork belly & white beans, snapper; apple tart with rum raisin ice cream. 
Dinner started with a deviled quail egg.  Tiny introduction to beautiful food.  Each course was a very small portion - but delicious.  And, that left enough room to have the last bite of the yummy dessert. 
Though we went with friends, I would recommend this for a special romantic dinner. couldn't have been more beautiful.Fantastic service, beautiful restaurant, amazing dinner. We had a client event in a private room. Very attentive service, Only thing is I wish the dessert was a little better but everything was wonderful! Ordered the filet, spring salad, grilled vegetables, risotto, key lime tartThe Grill Room is a gem hidden in the opulence of the premier luxury hotel in New Orleans.  
Let me be clear. We are snobs who have dined in great restaurants from Spain to Sweden and across the U.S.  The Grill Room holds its own against them at a fraction of the price. No. It isn't inexpensive, but it is good value for the money. 
The appetizer of crabmeat gratin was a lush treat. The lobster salad that followed had crisp flavors that balanced the palate after the rich gratin but could have stood on their own as the star of the show. The redfish and scallops were cooked to perfection and creatively accented. 
The apex was the dessert that was the marriage of banana bread pudding and beignets. If the meal weren't so good, I would recommend having double portions of the dessert and skipping everything else. 
In short, dine at the Grill Room.The Grill Room is one of the places I send people to try to get them away from fried foods and touristy "Cajun" fare that doesn't even represent New Orleans.
The Grill Room, in my opinion, is closer to the mark and deserves a spot right up there with the big boys: August, Commander's, and the like.  
The wait staff is helpful, appropriate, polite, talkative, and funny.  The décor is beautiful; the restaurant is contiguous with the first-rate hotel that it's a part of, and it is decorated to have a great atmosphere and to resemble and elegant British dining establishment.  
My fiancée and I were wined and dined all the way through our experience and allowed to savor the meal the way it should have been.  It was the perfect accent to our two-night stay at the Windsor Court for our engagement.  
My heirloom tomato salad was crisp, fresh, and fun to eat.  It was a nice departure from the typical restaurant salad, and it was somehow both luxurious and hipster rustic at the same time.  
But it was my bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin with maque choux that ruled the day.  I don't know how the chef got the pork to be so soft and tender.  In addition, I felt like it was laced with a secret ingredient that makes you wake up in the night and crave it.  I'm not sure I've ever had such a nice blend of texture and taste  at any point in my life previously.  I know it sounds exaggerated, but I'm not kidding.  I appreciated the maque choux as well.  The Grill Room did a lot of justice and put a nice spin on this underappreciated southeast Louisiana side dish.  
My fiancée had beef medallions with mashed potatoes and bone marrow.  When I asked her how was it, she replied, "It's delicious, and if we weren't in a fancy place, I'd lick the plate."  
Our desserts were colorful, tasty and fun to eat.  So was the second dessert with champagne that house gave us for our engagement.  
Yes, I'll agree with the others that the Grill Room was a little pricey.  But it's a great place.  If you were in New York or San Francisco, you all wouldn't be complaining.  It's time for tourists (and some New Orleanians) to put their big-girl pants on and accept the fact that good food and great dining cost money.  Get your brains to turn around and get out of the grease pits of the fried-shrimp establishments and treat yourselves with a little respect.  The same goes for those of you complaining about the portions.  Just because we're in fat America doesn't mean you have to BE fat America.  Read food articles; watch the Food Channel; it takes about ten seconds to realize that none of the truly fine restaurants serve huge portions anymore.  
We should all be thanking the Grill Room for doing what is right, for sticking to its guns and coming up with fine cuisine without doing what everyone else does in creating a false, piggish picture of New Orleans and its indulgent tastes.  In the long run, it's places like the Grill Room that will put this town back on its feet and demand respect from the sad and boring outside world.
The Grill Room: go there.Robin Barnes is truly a delight to listen to in the Grill Room as you sip a cocktail and enjoy the classic ambiance of the chic lounge area. I would highly recommend for anyone whether you are a local or a visitor to visit and listen to Robin Barnes entertain you with her fabulous repertoire of music.What a beautiful place to eat. If you want huge portions of very typical fried food this is not the place for you. If you want perfectly seasoned, carefully thought out signature dishes then welcome home!
We had lunch on the meat and 3 special for 19.84. I had redfish almandine with crispy Brussels sprouts asparagus with truffle butter and the Windsor court salad. Hubby had the short ribs with crispy sweet potatoes and cane syrup heirloom tomato and watermelon salad and truffle Mac and cheese. There is no salt and pepper on the table and none is needed. You finish off your meal with a lovely sorbet and the service was on point. For $20 you are treated like a king/queen and a meal for one as well.This was a nice experience. We went here on a cold, rainy night and it was nice. The atmosphere is old and dated, but it fits the hotel. The staff was great and the meals were good. Our apps were average at best, but we did enjoy the rest of the meal including the dessert. 
I don't think we will go back, but not because of a bad experience, just because it was one of the places in New Orleans that you need to try at least once.Monday 7/25 6:25 PM 
Beautiful decor, takes you back to a grander, yet simpler time. Comfy seating. Their $6 happy hour selections are mostly syrupy summer drinks and not really my style. Date was running late so I ordered a vodka martini. I specified no particular brand of vodka. It came about as slowly as my initial greeting.
I counted 4 servers in and out of the bar plus a supervisor. There was just one other customer at the bar, a large grey-haired man in shorts and sneakers. A young female bartender gave most of her attention to him. I listened as he proudly shared dull anecdotes, and she provided plenty of polite giggles. Two other servers could be heard trading gossip and hair tips. 
When the supervisor finally appeared she quickly prepared and placed a tray of nuts and popcorn before me. She appeared disappointed this wasn't done earlier. My date arrives a moment later, and before we can properly greet each other, a bartender shoved a menu in her face. 
Suddenly, the attention I never received was on display. To be blunt, my date is hot, and apparently it's what's required to get proper service here. The question "Would you like another?" came constantly. We were interrupted 4 times during the next 30 minutes, each time we said, 'no thanks we're fine.' 
We were getting hungry, and my date (who by now is just as annoyed as me) suggested we eat elsewhere. I requested my check. But 'Giggles' the bartender couldn't find it. She asked what was ordered. She presented a check that confirmed I would never return. My date's vanilla-something was $6 as expected, and my no name vodka martini was $15. 
All the beauty and history of this place simply does not make up for the poor service and overpriced cocktails.Love the atmosphere of this classic style hotel and restaurant.  They usually have a grand and beautiful bouquet of flowers at the entrance when you walk in, makes a nice backdrop for taking a picture (if your a tourist).  I would highly recommend the jazz brunch.  My favorites were the fois gras, smoked salmon and bananas foster french toast.  There's a lot to choose from, interesting selections (at least when I was there some years back).  I would recommend without reservation if you're looking for a very nice Sunday brunch and visiting from out of town.Had breakfast here 2 mornings while staying at the hotel. Food is very good, but service is so slow. Never refill their so small coffee cups. Servers disappear for forever. We've done it twice because of convenience for us being in the hotel, but like the hotel, won't be back.Had the Meat + three  Lunch special. Spectacular!  I ended up in the bar. $2 martini is hard to beat. If you want the dining room make a reservation. Short rib was wonderful. Gumbo very tasty. Mac and cheese always good. Sorbet to finish. Very nice atmosphere. Definitely recommend.*updated review* 
After spending a week here, we've come to the conclusion that eating here isn't worth it. Try other restaurants near by. We ordered room service for breakfast 3 days in a row and each time the food was mediocre. The only things I recommend are their pineapple juice, french fries and french toast. 
Initial review:  The fastest room service I've ever had. My husband and I ordered breakfast and it arrived within 20 minutes of placing it. I had the french toast and holy moly the slices were THICK. It was delicious. Moist and sweet - just the way I like it. My husband ordered scrambled eggs with potatoes and bacon. He said it was ehh. Unfortunately, the flavor wasn't spectacular like it was for me. If you're a french toast lover, you have to try it!
We tried a lot of their food but the worst was their chicken gumbo, at least that's what they told me it was. When I received it I realized that it was sea food gumbo with a little bit of chicken I called room service and was told that's how they make chicken gumbo. I gave it a try and I couldn't swallow if. It was very fishy. You have been warned!The lunch special was fantastic. I had a succulent piece of Red Fish and my wife had delicious Crab Cakes. There were ample portions very wonderfully plated, prepared to perfection. The restaurant's $2 martini special limits guest to 3 ... which is plenty due to their generous proportions of Tito's.We had a late check out from our room at the Windsor Court and had about two hours before we needed to leave for our flight.   We decided to stay at the hotel and eat at The Grill Room.
The dining room itself is beautiful.  Large painted murals on each end of the restaurant, restaurant was clean and classy.
Server was great (unlike our experience at Cochon), (AWILLIAMS) on receipt.   She was very nice, didn't rush us, brought us everything we ordered in a timely manner.   
We ordered:
Sazerac Cocktail and a glass of Pinot.   Bottle is brought to your table so you can see what you are getting, a nice healthy pour to taste the wine.  All good.
For lunch (three of us) we ordered corn soup, the chicken breast entree, a Windsor Court salad, and the Windsor Court burger.   Also ordered two coffees which were French Press and shared the Peach Melba dessert.
Would not order the burger again, nothing special but the chicken entree, salad and soup were all excellent.    Not a restaurant we would've sought out in NOLA but it was convenient and we had a great experience.We got lucky, and I mean really lucky. We had a reservation in a crap hole called the Bombay Club, but got wise and left quickly (that's a another story for a later date). 
Lets talk about the Grill, it's a charming place on the second floor of a hotel. We call at 8:30pm on Christmas night after we left the dump (Bombay Club) and get a 9:15pm reservation. Upon entering we see this place is jumping. They have a JAZZ quartet and damn they're good. 
We wait to be seated and have a drink, offered with the usual nuts and other salty foods, then the hostess comes over and tells us our table is ready. Pretty fast for a full house. 
The menu consists of a  three course meal. We have a wonderful bibb salad loaded with goodies to start, I order the breast of duck cooked two ways, the g/f orders the steak (nice fillet) that was cooked to perfection. Each is served with wonderful sides, veggies and truffle whipped potatoes. For desert I get fresh berries, and she gets the creme brulee. It was a great Christmas dinner.So the Grill Room has a new deal they just started, three courses for $39. You get a choice of any three from a vegetable course, fish, chicken, and dessert. You could get three desserts, or a vegetable and two fish. It's very flexible! And if you want additional courses, they are only $10 each, so this is an awesome deal.
I opted for the mushroom fricassee from the vegetable course menu. It consisted of a quail egg, mushrooms, rye croutons, and shaved manchego. It was delicious, very hearty and satisfying, something that you want if you are hungry or (ha ha) drunk. Very decent size portion.
Next course I had the shrimp carpaccio, which was boiled shrimp (flavorful - tasted like they were boiled in Zatarain's) with avocado and a sricha aoli. Portion size was pretty good too, more than I was expecting. Very light and fresh!
Third thing I tried was the chicken liver mousse tart, which had grapes and marcona almonds on it. If you like this type of thing, it's great, but some people with "texture issues" might be adverse to it. (I happened to love it!) But there was some type of aspic on it that grossed me out a little, reminded me of congealed blood. Didn't really add anything to the dish. The crust was kind of like undercooked pie crust, I would prefer it crispier or crumblier. 
I tried a taste of a friend's foie gras which you can add for an upcharge. It was good but it is so rich, must be an acquired taste.
For dessert, I had the corn cheesecake with blueberries. It was served with delicious caramel popcorn on top and some chocolate shavings on the side. The cheesecake itself did not taste like corn. It was not very sweet. I didn't eat all of it, it wasn't spectacular. I tried a friend's dessert, which was coffee ice cream (outstanding) with some type of mousse that was not too sweet, they complemented each other perfectly. I should have ordered that.
My friends ordered the goat cheese and beet salad, which they raved about, and crab cakes, which they said were delightful. They also ordered the wagyu beef, which they said was good, but the portion size was very small. It was served with a decent portion of vegetables.
I think the quality of the food is excellent and the prices were unbelievable for what you get, so overall it's a great value. Our waiter, Peter, was so nice and professional, want to give him a shout out for his patience and making it a nice experience for us. The dining director also waited on us, very very nice guy but forgot his name. True New Orleans hospitality!
I should mention that when I arrived, I stopped at Le Salon downstairs and noticed that they had happy hour cocktail specials for $5 and $6. I didn't want to miss my friends if they happened to walk by, so I just decided to get a drink upstairs in the Polo lounge. Well, be warned, they do not have drink specials, my drink was $15! So have your happy hour cocktail in  Le Salon if you can, and bypass the Polo lounge. 
Valet parking is $8, pretty good deal.One of the best meals I've had in New Orleans.
This restaurant is set in French Colonial style decor, with paintings of still potraits that brings a diner back to the 1700s.  The furniture is of dark wood witih embroidered silk red seat cushions.  The ladies' room has individual bathrooms and has a beautiful old vintage vanity table that I'd want to steal.
The meals range from $12-135 for appetizers and $23-62 for the main course.  I started off with the foie gras, which was rich, fatty and good.  My main meal--seared diver scallops was the highlight of my life.  Not my dinner, but my life.  The scallops were soft, pillowy, and indulged in my mouth.  It was so rich, so tender, so good.
As far as the sides, the risotto wasn't my cup of tea.  
The service was incredible.  The server knew what she was doing, and I've never seen a place setting with so many silver engraved utensils next to it.  Throughout our night, the bow-tied pianist played many soothing melodies to entertain us.  
Overall, this is a fancy restaurant.  Great food, great service, expect to wear something nice.The place was empty, literally empty, on a Friday night. It was just our table and a mouse running around. The red snapper was not flavorful at all, although the seafood gumbo was. The service was extremely slow even though we were pretty much the only table in the restaurant.Went for the august prefixe menu and had a wonderful experience. Great portions and options as well as friendly and professional staff. I will be visiting againSo, I took myself on a date. "We" had a great time!!!! I truly enjoyed the dining experience! I walked in to hello Ms. and sat at a table facing the city. The light, the life, the beauty made me happy sitting in that room. The waiter made suggestions and helped me out (being I had no clue what things on this special menu said). I made my order and then complimentary tasted of something with crab-meat in it from the Chef... In my head I said.... Shercole you are important and FINALLY someone else knows it. 
Then they brought out an assortment of breads, omg it was three different types. It took everything in my soul not to eat them all.  My appetizer then came out, I forgot the exact name but it was like a soft-shell crab with other greatness on it. Then my meal came out... What a meal it was... Poule Rouge... mmm talk about yumminess with truffles. I actually had to hold the need to do my happy food dance deep inside my soul.  Then.... the chef came out did you enjoy the food and telling me about he just designed this dish today... Once again in my head... Finally people understand my level of awesome. Note: I'm sure he originally came out for the fancy lady at a couple tables over, but HEY he still talked to me.
I didn't order a dessert, but still brought out some chocolates for me. Caramel, deep rich chocolate and etc. Talk about mmmmmm. I was feeling a little extra so I ordered some tea. They brought out their fancy tea pot and cup with a jar of honey... I sat there and sipped my Chamomile tea in bliss, because this was possibly the best tea I ever had and I'm a hardcore tea drinker. I definitely had a absolutely great experience. It's not cheap but if you can treat yourself, you should make this happen. Great place to bring the sexy person inside you on a date.Oh God, if you can afford to spend a lot of money on breakfast...this is the place you should do it.
My boyfriend and I were seated in the 94% empty Grill Room at a corner booth. Servers treated us like royalty (feels so strange, we're 21 and not rich).
Free scones and butter, compliments of the chef.
I ordered the Windsor Court Benedict. SOOOO DELICIOUS! Yolky, yummy eggs topped with the tastiest spicy hollandaise. Crawfish andouille hash and country potatoes. Unfortunately, it was a bit much for me. I only ate 1 of 2 and no, they don't box food for you...but maybe if you ask ahaha. 
Boyfriend got the Belgium Waffle served with the fluffiest creme and the freshes berries with the most heavenly syrup all on top of a waffle so soft and delicious.
We got Grapefruit juice and Cranberry juice at $6 a glass which probably wasn't worth it.
This GODLY breakfast felt like a first honeymoon breakfast...even though I only came to New Orleans for my birthday. If you really want to have the most amazing breakfast of your life, come here. If you've got money to spend on the most amazing breakfast of your life, you better come here.About me: I am a born and raised New Yorker who is well traveled around the world!
Just spent 4 nights at the Windsor Court Hotel with breakfast included every morning and 1 dinner at the Grill Room. The hotel is worth every penny but the service in the Grill Room is abominable! For the prices charged they should have more professional servers and managers. When seated at breakfast, the hostess should serve you coffee as soon as you sit down. Every day we waited 5-12 minutes to see our server. And this was usually at 10 am near the end of the breakfast service when there were only 2-3 tables filled. When I was finally offered coffee, I had to wait another 5 minutes for milk (I didn't want the cream on the table). They do not write down your order and 2 out of 4 days, things were forgotten and we had to wait an additional 20 minutes for bacon, etc.
The servers here are practically invisible! Hard to find one! Our breakfast voucher for 2 people was for $46. Every day there were extra charges but although we had the same meals every day, the charges varied. It was up to the discretion of the server whether to charge us for coffee ($6.00 for one with refills!). Toast - $4.50 - Some servers included it for free; some charged. I could go on and on!!! In the end the hotel refunded all excess charges but I would not recommend eating breakfast here unless it is included and you are in no rush.
Dinner in the Grill Room started off on a bad note. We wanted 7 pm reservations but they insisted they could only accommodate us at 6 pm. When we arrived at 6, we were the only diners in the restaurant. Eventually 3 more tables were filled with diners arriving between 6:30 and 8. When we asked why we couldn't arrive later, they said because they didn't have enough staff to wait on everyone. Very strange considering how empty the place was.
The meal was mediocre considering the price. Can't even remember what we ate although my friend said the beef tartar was excellent. This is a highly rated restaurant in Zagat's. There must be a reason why it was so empty. Every other restaurant in town where we ate was packed and delicious with great servers. 
They need help!My sister and I came here yesterday during restaurant week. It was $20 for a meat and three sides and a small sorbet. 
The Grill Room is located on the second floor of the beautiful Windsor Court Hotel. Of course coming in, it was gorgeous, very vintage-esque with old paintings on the walls and old school furniture. 
We found the restaurant and the staff was very polite and professional. Our waitress was more down to earth and playful (my kind of people). She was very sweet and attentive to us. I ordered the crispy chicken with praline sauce, grilled summer vegetables, fries, and gumbo. We also got focaccia bread and this other type of small biscuit? with butter before our meals came out...which was a pleasant surprise (who doesn't love bread and butter?!) They also served us a really tiny serving of something with crab--not bad. 
Our food arrived, and it was very aesthetically pleasing. They all came out their own little dish/bowl onto one big plate. At first, it didn't look like a lot, but it was definitely filling. Now, I don't like to combine my sweet and savory foods so I'm not sure why I got the chicken with praline sauce (my love for fried chicken must have overpowered every other thought in my head), but the dish came with 2 pieces of fried chicken smothered in this praline sauce--and yes, it was way sweeter than I would have liked. The chicken was okay--a little chewy go my preference. But to my delight, the frilled veggies (zucchini, bell peppers, onions) were seasoned well and delicious. The fries were nicely salted and just the way I liked. The gumbo--didn't really taste like gumbo. My sister said it almost tasted like the "chunky" soup. I agreed it wasn't that tasty. 
My sister got the flank steak with chimichurri sauce, potatoes, Mac n cheese and the soup of the day--I think it was corn and crab bisque? All of her food was pretty good! I would definitely choose the steak next time I come and loved the bisque compared to my gumbo. Our dessert included 3 very tiny scoops of sorbet which was pretty good as well. 
Overall, we still had a nice time dressing up, eating out and drinking--with my Bellini cocktail and her juice cocktail (she's pregnant). It was beautiful and we we had happy tummies! 
Sorry no pics of the food! I'm always snap chatting everything and forgetting to save the pics ):I went with my parents and my partner and we got the Lunch Plate special. We all though it was extremely good value for the quality of food we had. 
Doesn't look very big but definitely fills you up! Staff were very polite and accommodating.Breakfast. I ate here because this was in the hotel. Not disappointed. I ordered coffee, orange juice and eggs Benedict. Orange juice is freshly squeezed. Coffee pretty solid. Eggs Benedict up there with some of the best. The eggs poached perfectly, firm white, runny yolk. Hollandaise sauce was perfectly smooth, tasty. Just the right balance-even had a tang that is uncommon. Thick slices of Canadian bacon and a nicely toasted English muffin. The potatoes were seasoned, but I couldn't finish them off as I was too busy with my Bene. Service was excellent, but to be expected for a fancy place. Only complaint is the price tag, not an amount I would spend for any breakfast. Special occasion for the setting, service and decor-sure, why not?Booked the Grill Room for a Thanksgiving meal, prefixed menu, which looked great.  Food was pretty good but not exceptional.  Service was lacking as was the holiday atmosphere.  Kind of felt like a regular meal at the Grill Room, only the service wasn't any good.
First the food.  The crab au gratin was awesome.  Butter based sauce with lots of jumbo lump crabmeat.  Next I had the grilled sweet potato soup.  Bacon and parmesan was mixed in.  Kind of dull base flavor although it did taste like sweet potato.  The bacon provided the needed savoriness.  I'd say it was a 3/5.  I had the beef tenderloin and my girlfriend got the turkey.  Both were ok.  Turkey was about a 3/5 as was the tenderloin.  Tenderloin seasoning was just a few flakes of sea salt.  Dessert was a bust for me.  The chocolate mousse was a 2/5.  Great presentation but uninspired taste.  Tasted like chocolate soft serve.
The Windsor Court was decorated for Christmas with their lobby looking very plush.  The Grill Room didn't do a lot to participate in the festivities.  Not sure what I expected, but it was more than what I got.  
The service was subpar.  We were seated right away, but it was 10 minutes before our waiter came over for the brief intro and water.  Then it was another 20 before we ordered dinner.  When Jason (who was actually a nice dude) did take our order, I asked that he get some bread over quick, or I was about to start eating the food off our neighbors plates.  It was prefixed, so the food rolled out in a timely fashion. The server bringing out the plates continually mixed me and my girlfriend's dishes up.  A trivial nuisance but made the meal feel like amateur hour.  
I usually don't complain about price in my reviews.  Meals cost what the menu says and are usually available for review.  I knew the prefix menu ahead of time and was ok with it.  It was the 22% gratuity which I found irritating given the poor service.  However, I understand it's tough finding someone to wait tables on Thanksgiving.
In summary, the food was around a 3/5.  Service brought the overall experience down to a 2/5.  I doubt I will repeat.This review is for breakfast only.  The food itself is pretty good albeit expensive (typical for a restaurant in a nice hotel) but given the problems I had here I cannot recommend it.
FOOD:
The oatmeal with raisins and brown sugar I had the first morning was decent but they sort of skimped on the amount of raisins, and didn't provide extra milk (for those who don't like their oatmeal as thick).  The side portion of berries was great - fresh, large blueberries and raspberries.  On my second morning I threw out any semblance of calorie counting and ordered the buiscuits and gravy, which comes with a fried egg on top.  The biscuit was excellent, fluffy and buttery, and it appeared to be pan-fried after it was split in half making it even more buttery.  I'm sure I'll soon have a heart-attack but I think it was worth it.
TEA: 
The tap water in the rooms at the Windsor Court can be pretty funky, but I didn't expect that to be a problem in the restaurant.  Shame on me for thinking that.  I ordered an Earl Grey tea one morning and it was awful, and pretty much undrinkable.  
SERVICE:
Don't come here expecting a quick meal.  Hotel restaurants should recognize that people eating breakfast in the morning often have to get going for their meetings/calls/conferences, but the staff here takes a lackadaisical approach to taking orders, bringing food/drinks, and getting your check.  Beware.My girlfriend and I had lunch here and we were very happy with the food.  I give only three stars b/c of the price and the seasoning.  The staff was friendly and prompt.   We even received amuse bouche to try.   The fish was cooked to perfection but kind of bland.  The brussels sprouts were great, asparagus were good (but I think they added sugar to them, ewewwww)... So staff and decor was wonderful.   I feel they can add a little more spice into their menu.The Hilton hotel recommended the grill room as a nice place close by the convention center area.  It was a short walk.  The live music was a nice touch, upbeat jazz. It helped the place not seem so stuffy.  Definitely a very upscale place with a menu to match, but I didn't think it was overpriced. Actually would consider it a good value for fine food and entertainment. I had the Diver scallops and my wife had the rib eye steak. I can't remember what the rest of our table had but we all felt like we had great meals. The only downside to the evening was our waiter. Don't get me wrong he did a great job of taking care of us. He just seemed a little put out that we didn't order a bunch of apps and a bottle or 2 of wine. We had a group of 8 and we had come from a cocktail party with light munchies. We had a couple of glasses of wine but skipped the apps.  He must have asked me 3 times "sir,... are you sure you don't want a couple of bottles of wine and some apps?". Normally yes.... But just so happened, not that night. I still give four stars and would highly recommend.  It had the feel of a great kept secret.After getting hassled by another local restaurant about Christmas reservations, we decided to take a stab at the Grill Room which, until my recent visit, was highly recommended and thought of.  Was I wrong.
We arrived precisely at 2:00 PM and were quickly shown to the table.  We were quickly greeted by the waiter and quickly encouraged to order.  We were encouraged to quickly eat and drink our drinks . . . get my drift.  Rushed is not the word for it.  This was not a pleasant dining experience.  The waiter was either homophobic or so inexperienced that he didn't know how to manage my partner and me.  Extremely uncomfortable with the two of us.  Very disappointing.
We ordered.  Food was lacking in taste and the portions couldn't have been smaller.  The appetizer was a venison carpaccio.  It was OK.  The entree was absolutely dreadful.  I had red fish and the piece delivered to our table was so small that I considered wrapping it up to bring home for my cats.  This for $110.00?  Give me a break.  This is definitely a restaurant in New Orleans that is resting on its laurels from years ago.  
I paid the bill.  The server brought the bill back to the table and charged me $3.60.  Yes, that's what they ran my debit card for.  I pointed the mistake out and they reran my debit card for 360.00, which was the amount of the bill.  They ran my debit card again for 420.00 which was inclusive of gratuity and drinks.  Needless to say, this wreaked havoc on monies available in my bank account.  It was an absolute mess.
I'll never eat at this restaurant again.  It's not fine dining, I assure you.  Try going to Restaurant August if you want a good dining experience in New Orleans.  Take it from a local, the Grill Room isn't worth your time, money or satiating a good appetite for fine dining.Great for breakfast.
Can't comment on other day-parts as we did not experience.
They have unique way of serving the smoked salmon: wrapping it around balls of cream cheese.  Served with a bagel, capers and red onion.I visited the Grill Room for my second Reveillon dinner.  I have always had good experiences at the Windsor Court Hotel which is where the Grill Room is located.  I have been to Le Salon several times for afternoon tea and each has been a delightful experience.  For me, the Windsor Court has become synonymous with elegance, top notch service, and great food so my expectations were high.
For the Reveillon dinner, I was dining with a party of nine.  We were seated in what I suppose is considered a semi-private room.  The ambiance and decor certainly lived up to my expectations of elegance.  Simply put, it was beautiful.  The Reveillon dinner consisted of 3 courses. However, we were treated to an amuse bouche of a marinated duck breast which was delicious.  I ordered the risotto with parmesan and black winter truffles for the appetizer, crispy skin snapper with shrimp and red quinoa for the entree, and almond pound cake with melon and frozen yogurt  for dessert.  I enjoyed the risotto the most.  That's not to say the rest of the meal was bad - it wasn't.  I was pleasantly satisfied, just not WOWED!  And to be honest, i was a bit disappointed with the dessert portion.  The pound cake was a bit on the dry side and was only slightly larger than a Reese's peanut butter cup.  But I found the melon and yogurt refreshing.    I also have to give them points for allowing us to substitute the dessert from the chefs tasting menu at no additional charge.  Since i'm not a fan of peanut butter dessert, I passed, but those of us who did order it seemed to enjoy it.  
I don't think I would do another Reveillon dinner at the Grill Room.  It was priced at $55 and then include a $6 cafe au lait (seriously?) and tax/tip leaves me with an $80 tab. I'm not complaining as the experience overall was very nice.  But I kind of want a little more bang for my buck in the taste department if I'm spending that much on one meal.  The service and ambiance were excellent, so I would be willing to give it another shot.  But the afternoon Tea at Le Salon still remains my favorite thing about the Windsor Court.Just had a delightful steak and everything was excellent - food, service and setting..this is the first time I have eaten all my steak in a long time. Hotel is wonderful also.  We will eat here again, for sure.We had the nicest waitress ever! Super sweet! Very elegant and beautiful place! The lunch special is a steal! $19.95 for a meat and 3 sides. All were exquisite! And $2.00 martinis- super strong!!First thing First... A Big Shout out to Ross that served us our food and took care of us with his impeccable opinions and wine pairings. A three course meal for 39 bucks...omg can't beat that price with a hammer. Just really great. I had the snapper as a first course, the delicious beef ribs then for dessert I had a delicious chocolately dessert. Omg fabulous. My water glass never was empty of water and Ross was just a breath of fresh air to have. I extremely loved where we sat by the sexy windows. The atmosphere was real intimate but yet still casual. Really nice overall. I had a wonderful time and please try the snapper. It's really good and fresh!Great food and phenomenal service. This was my first time at The Grill Room and while it started off less then stellar, by the end of our meal I was pleased. 
The experience started off on the wrong foot when the waiter informed me that they were out of Tito's vodka after confirming that they did carry it. However, things like that happen and that did not affect my opinion as much as the two appetizers that left a bad taste in my mouth. The lemon fish crude and the blue crab gratin were both recommended and highly missed the mark. The lemon fish had a very fish after-taste and the blue crab gratin lacked any taste what so ever. After reluctantly devouring my second bite of each appetizer I began to dread the rest of the meal concerned that the chef's sense were off tonight. 
But then the beet salad with pork belly came out for me and the pork and oyster gumbo arrived for my fiancé'.  Both second courses were amazing and were full of flavor and when our entree's arrived (roasted redfish and the duck) I was very pleased with everything and the impression that the chef left with me. The fish was light and cooked to perfection with a pickled cucumber salad that complimented the various sauces that were provided with the fish. 
Lastly, the tempura banana bread pudding with a side of vanilla ice cream was heaven on a plate. While the vanilla ice-cream was not part of the dessert adding it to our bread pudding pulled everything together and ended our dinner on a great note. 
The service was great through out the meal. Our waiter David was attentive and friendly and overall provided a great experience for us. Also, kudos to the rest of the service staff, from the guy assisting David (maybe Roger?) and the food runners who were all very friendly and helpful.Sunday afternoon in the arts district can get pretty desperate when looking for an open restaurant. I was glad to not only find a nearby restaurant, but also be able to make a reservation with my Yelp app. The menu was what convinced us we needed to try the Grill Room. When we arrived, we were a little overwhelmed about being underdressed in such a posh restaurant. Despite the linens and elaborate place settings, the staff made us feel right at home in our Sunday afternoon jeans. 
We settled into our comfy chairs at a large table near the jazz trio. Impeccable service, followed by a variety of fabulous dishes for brunch made for a great day. I loved the fried chicken and waffles, but it didn't keep me from coveting my friend's order of cream cheese stuffed french toast. Yum!Oh no...went there for Christmas dinner.  some things were good others kind of questionable.  Service was just okay.  The price was $110. per person.  Smallest portions in the known universe.  I never complain about portion size but this was absurd.  The dessert was pretentious and way too obvious .
More horrible... the waiter charged us for an extra dinner.  We were three, he charged us for four.  With tax and tip  that was $150.00. 0vercharge.  He was shockingly unrepentant,  perhaps he did this to everyone ans is nonplussed when someone notices.  
the food was good ,not great...the overcharging ruined everything.  If you are going to pay this kind of dough...go to Restaurant R'evolution or Coquette and get a real meal with enough portion size.  Just not good enough.I got a gift certificate to this restaurant for my birthday last year, and this was one of the most sumptuous, impeccable meals I've had the pleasure of eating. The service was excellent, we were treated like royalty, especially since they knew it was my birthday. I don't normally like scallops, but the diver scallops sounded so delicious that I had to try them and I found myself taking back all of the bad things I'd ever thought or said about eating scallops! We had a truffle risotto that was to die for, and then to top it all off they brought out a complimentary plate of chocolate covered strawberries with a sweet birthday message written in chocolate from the chef! 
If I win the lottery or strike it rich, you can bet I'll be back here.Not sure what's going on at the Grill Room, but upper management need to wise up and understand that saving a bit of money by cutting staff is going to drive away customers.  That's all I can assume that is happening. I've been here many times experiencing great food and service, but just last a couple of tables were so frustrated they got up and left.  The staff were very friendly and apologetic, but the problem is not theirs.  Please wise up managers. You are losing customersAfter reading several favorable reviews, my wife and I visited the Grille Room for it`s 1984 lunch. Discovering the complimentary valet parking when we arrived, we entered the beautiful lobby (restored 4 years ago) and proceeded to the second floor. The Grille Room is in an L-shaped configuratin such that all tables are close to winows with a view of the entrance courtyard below.
Our server, Dietrich, offered excellent menu advice, and following delicious $2.00 martinis (generously made), we proceeded to order the crab cakes and red fish almondine for our entres, and the Windsor Court salad, gumbo and truffled penne pasta (called mac and cheese on the menu) for our 3 appetizers each.
First, the portion sizes-while  not large (this is lunch, after all), the sum  of the entre and 3 sides is quite satisfying. The food quality was exceptional. The crab cake was totally crab meat, and the red fish almondine was seasoned perfectly. One simply can't imagine this quality of food, and service (thanks to Dietrich, who  we recommend you request) for $19.84 per person, $2.00 martinis, and complimentary valet parking. In summary, we will return monthly,  and could not recomend The Grille Room`s 1984 lunch more highly.Oh wow. I finally made it to dinner here and I wonder what took me so long. While technically we were here for a Coolinary meal, it turns out the Grill Room's 3 course tasting menu is an all year long thing.  And if you wanted to upgrade, you could have a 4 course or 5 course and even add lobster or foie gras for an upcharge. 
I went for an all sea menu... crawfish rangoon, seared tuna, and poached snapper. I appreciated that our waiter mentioned which dishes were smaller and which were larger. And his service was on point! He was ready for drink orders and gave good advice and really made my group's meal special.
Of my 3 dishes, the rangoon was good, the tuna was AMAZING and the snapper was delicious. I was pleased with all 3 and I would order the second two again, but maybe start with a salad next time. 
The wine and cocktail list looked amazing and I'll have to sample some of those next time. 
And, yes, I need to get over for that $19.84 plate lunch sometime... maybe on a weekday off so I can fully enjoy the $2 martinis!Went for "culinary" lunch...didn't know that they offered the lunch special all the time.
My crab cakes were tasty, but other things so-so.  The watermelon salad was good, but only 2 little pieces of watermelon & over powered by tomatoes....should have been tomato salad with a little watermelon. Most of the food was lukewarm to cold.  My friend had gumbo:  cold & BBQ shrimps, cold & not very good.  Mac & Cheese good!
Server took forever for everything & lunch lasted way too long for busy self-employed people.
I had given it 3 stars, but back one out for slow service & cold food.Fabulous ambiance, entertainment by vocalist Robin Barnes was delightful...but lacking in almost everything else. Food was overprice, portions were extremely small and taste was not exceptional. Thought we could share a dessert...boy were we wrong! Even the coffee was weak.  Went to enjoy the entertainment and it was fantastic....next time we'll only go for the entertainment & cocktails and skip dinner.This place is so uppity.  But it's in a really nice hotel, so that's to be expected.
My friends and I were trying to get into a different nearby restaurant, but with a line wrapped around the a block, 90+ degree weather, and full day ahead, we decided to ditch the line and wandered down the block in search of some place to eat breakfast.  That's how we found The Grill Room.
Walking in, we were very taken aback by (and underdressed for) the Polo Lounge, which is the downstairs restaurant.  The Grill Room is a bit more relaxed, but not much.
Anyway, onto the dining.  The brunch menu is pretty straightforward and offers a good variety of the classic sweet/savory brunch fare.  We dined on shrimp and grits, bananas foster French toast, hangar steak and eggs, and eggs benedict.  The whole table had rave reviews for the food.  The complaints I had though, were that the service was very slow.  It was not busy in the grill room, but there was a long wait for everything.  The other thing was the price tag!  One of my friends got the French toast, eggs, bacon, and a mimosa and it ran her about 50 bucks.
It was a good experience with the live band and all, but I don't know if this is a place I would return.Came here with my dad while staying at the Windsor. First of all, we had a $150 gift card to this place, compliments of the Windsor. We got the gumbo and it was magnificent! We were also not disappointed with our enters and the deserts. The staff was super friendly and quick with their service. I would highly recommend and I will definitely be returning soon.Don't waste your money or your empty stomach on this place. I was shocked. I'm from New Orleans. Years ago, we ALWAYS had great afternoon tea at The Windsor Court, so when we had to celebrate a special event, I thought that lunch at The Gril Room would be perfect. WRONG.
First off, we arrived in the hotel lobby, went for a quick trip to the ladies' room- The trash bins were overflowing and the baseboards/walls/door bases were filthy. We waited for our other guests in the lobby near the arrival desk- The lobby ceiling had an actual hole in it, and there was paint missing near a couple of light fixtures. This is supposed to be a nice hotel! 
Okay- so our other guests arrive and we head upstairs to The Grill Room. We had a group of 5, ordered appetizers and entrees. A bit later, our entrees arrived to the table- NO APPETIZERS. We didn't want to send 5 entrees back to the kitchen, so we just figured that we were not meant to have foie gras- oh well. This was at 2:30 on a Sunday afternoon. There were ZERO other guests in the dining room. How could service be so bad when there are no other guests? 
Hey Server: Did you even notice that you didn't bring appetizers? Our entrees were average at best. The shrimp/grits were a bland mess. Who would think that you could get BLAND in New Orleans? The other guests had eggs benedict- which were okay, one guest had french toast- which was okay. After the meal, we ordered coffee - which was brought to us sans any sugar bowl. Hey Server: Should you at least offer sugar when you bring coffee? Hey server: When people order coffee, Should you at least offer the dessert menu? We had to ask to see the dessert menu. Then, I get the bill. There was a 20% gratuity already added. I imagine that this explains the utterly deplorable service. No need to bother I guess, I mean- she's got the tip anyway. ANTONIA (or whatever her name is) is absolutely not qualified to be serving at an upscale establishment. She seems nice, but not sharp enough to be dealing with people paying these prices. 
 If I had to say one positive thing- I would report that the mimosas were excellent. That's it. So DO NOT EAT HERE! There are plenty of wondeful restaurants in New Orleans- This is not one of them.This is a late review from my experience at Christmas.  I was too stunned to write a review at the time.  My husband and I spent the week of Christmas in New Orleans and had a fabulous time.  The only blotch on the trip was our Christmas dinner at The Grill Room.  The service was 0 stars.  The food was 0 stars.  Our waiter was arrogant and lacked any semblance of customer service or courtesy.  The Red Fish I had was disgusting, in fact the tiny tid bit of fish that they served (portions were ridiculously small) was not even eaten completely.  The soup was the only thing worth eating for me.  My husband had the duck and said it was delicious but again the portion size was negligible.    The drinks were good although you can't really mess up a bottle of wine or a vodka tonic.  All in all a most disappointing experience especially since it was a special occasion.  I wish we had just gone down to Oceana and had some delicious cajun food and a beer.  We will not be back and will not recommend to our friends.We had Reveillon dinner here on Christmas. The meal was OK, but not great. We both wished that we had gone elsewhere. For $110 per person the meal was quite underwhelming.
I had to beg for a soup spoon after unsuccessfully attempting to eat the soup with the teaspoon they provided. The tiramisu napoleon was dreadful and was actually a misnomer considering that it was neither a tiramisu nor a napoleon.  
The staff however were all very friendly and that helped to make a ho hum, over priced meal much better.Picked this place for the wine list, which is great. Unfortunately our waiter did not understand champagne or wine service. He was well meaning, but visibly nervous. When you are dropping that kind of money, the waiters should be rock stars. Food was ok. Squash risotto was very good, but the duck tasted old. Tenderloin was also excellent, but the mushroom ravioli was cold and crunchy. At $30 a plate this would be a 3 star, but at up to $50 it can't really compete.I first visited The Grill Room for my 21st birthday. I don't remember much about that experience, as I wasn't the food/restaurant lover that I am now. I was excited to return for a Coolinary lunch.
Everything about The Grill Room is elegant: people dressing up for lunch, the white table cloths, the view, the wait staff- perfect. They opened their doors right at 11:30 and since we had a reservation we were seated immediately. Make a reservation because when we called, 11:30 was the only reservation left, which was fine by us.
We were seated by a window that was facing the city on a cozy rainy afternoon. We started with cocktails as we decided what we wanted. Jason was our waiter and he was on top of everything and so friendly! His expertise added to the entire experience.  I got the grilled redfish almondine, roasted brussels sprouts, roasted tomato soup and mac and cheese.
Grilled redfish almondine- so tasty! It was a small portion, but it had a lot of flavor and I loved that they left the skin on in order to keep it juicy.
Roasted brussels sprouts- I love brussels sprouts and they way they were done here was perfection. I have to figure out how they make the outside crispy, but keep the inside nice and tender. I think some sort of butter sauce was involved as well. It was out of this world.
Roasted tomato soup- This was my favorite!! Yes, I loved this more than the mac and cheese, believe it or not. Delicious without being too rich or heavy and full of fresh flavors- this is a must.
Mac and cheese- Aahh! Tons of cheese mixed in with penne pasta! Sign me up. This dish was super rich and I was only a few bites in before I had to ask for a box. They didn't hold back on the cheese at all- it was melted all over and then baked on top.
For dessert we had the sorbet. How can I describe this? Refreshing, cool, light and the perfect end to a wonderful lunch.
I have to agree with Charles when he said that this is probably one of the best lunch deals in town. Even when it isn't Coolinary, you can get this deal with the Windsor Court Plate lunch Monday through Saturday. You must go if you have yet to experience The Grill Room.Lovely spot for a nice hotel breakfast.  We had a leisurely breakfast on Christmas Eve morning with delightful service all the way around.  The menu at Windsor Court is simple and classic with great solid options for every taste, and they also accommodate "off menu" requests.  My spouse had the boudin eggs benedict which he thought was delicious and I requested a seafood omelet with a side of their cherry tomatoes in vinaigrette.  The browned potato wedges that came with my spouse's benedict were also delicious.  Friends who joined us also added some of the pastries to their entrees and the scones and muffins were heavenly.  My one complaint is that for a place that serves a world famous afternoon tea in the South, that their iced tea tasted tinny or like the "fake" gold peak tea which is a travesty.  My other suggestion is that they offer a mini pastry or small loaf of french bread of some kind for the table while waiting for entrees to arrive.  Overall, we are looking forward to booking the Grill Room for another pre-game breakfast on gameday or other occasion.Four the past four years my family (my 2 sisters, our spouses, and my 89 and 92 year old parents, my wife and me) has spent 3 nights in New Orleans staying at the Windsor Court Hotel and overindulging on the fine dining that the City has to offer.  It has become a ritual that we dine in The Grill Room of the hotel on our final night.  In those 4 visits we have rarely been disappointed in The Grill Room.
Obviously we have great service without exception. The entire staff is professional and attentive. The food has always been excellent and it was no disappointment this year.  My wife began her meal with crawfish bisque, which was short on crawfish but rich and excellent. We both had soft shell crab with heirloom tomatoes, an appetizer that we chose as our entrees. While my wife thought the crab was a bit too crispy, I thought it was terrific and I am writing the review. Unfortunately this year we were not interested in any of the dessert offerings, a big disappointment as in years past dessert has been a high point.  None the less, we will remain loyal customers of both the Windsor Court and The Grill Room.Had the lunch buffet and it is fantastic. Good food and service beatiful space
and happy to say it is locally owned again. They had some problems in the past but are on the way back up.We decided to dine at the Grill Room due to the interesting Reveillon menu.  We were not disappointed.  1st course was Steak Tartar.  The beef was succulent and seasoned perfectly.  Served with horseradish cream, grilled ciabata and marble chips.  2nd course was garden greens with pear slices, bay blue, toasted pecans with a champagne mustard vinegarette.  3rd course I had red snapper with farro ragout and a piquant sauce.  My wife had braised short rib with butternut squash puree and swiss chard.  Both were delicious and flavorful.  For dessert, I had warm apple galette with cinnamon caramel, butter pecan ice cream and pecan crumble.  My wife had chocolate cherry torte.  The only negative was the food could have been served a little warmer. They were also slammed due to the holiday weekend.  This is our second time eating at The Grill Room.  We will be back.I gave 3 stars for the food itself, the service deserves 5 stars. I had high hopes for this place regarding the food, which were unfortunately not met. The service was amazing though. 
I came here with a party of 5 for a birthday brunch. I got the shrimp and grits and unfortunately had to send it back due to the excessive use of salt. And re-ordered the green fried tomato's, which didn't have salt at all, which probably was purposeful lol. 
I tried the chicken and waffles and they were great. If I return I'll prob get that instead.  
The service is great, very prompt, friendly, the waiter even escorts you to the bathroom. 
The ambience is very fancy and clean. The pricing is reasonable, they include a tip on the check for groups of 6, but apparently 5 as well.I was staying at the Windsor Court and decided to try the Grill Room for dinner.  My waiter, Ross, was just wonderful.  I had the 3 course meal.  He recommended the cauliflower for the appetizer and the lamb for a double course since the courses are "small plates".  The cauliflower was good but a little spicy for my taste.  The lamb chops were the I've ever eaten.  The Grill Room makes their own bread and brought me a basket with 4 rolls, 2 of each kind.  I highly recommend giving this restaurant a try.  Fabulous service, fabulous food.Gumbo was disappointing. Tasso mac n cheese, Brussels sprouts and tuna were a hit. Service was outstanding. Located on the second floor of The Windsor Court Hotel which is a beautiful space and old world ambiance. The bar is a great place to meet for a drink. Could be perfect if they allowed cigar smoking.Let's start with our experience started in trouble on Christmas Eve. We arrived on time for our 9 pm reservation. We waited 10 min in the bar when asked if we wanted a drink I asked for a water and got the most disgusted look when delivered. We then got seated and were told the revillion dinner we booked three months ago was unavailable. After a bit of a discussion with the mgr. we found out that the revillion dinner was not available on christmas eve. The staff made it happen. The service was great from this point fwd. they overcooked our main course apologized with champagne and a sorbet palate cleanser. The butter lettuce salad and sweet potato soup were outstanding. The main course was ok duck and good strip loin. The decor was nice ideal for a first date.2 stars to be nice.  It is the holiday.  I wish I had seen the other review from last night.  We had the same experience.  Although they did not charge us for an extra plate.  Incredibly small portions.  I thought about eating again after dinner.  It started while we were waiting for our table.  In the bar.  I asked for a glass of water and the server agreed to bring it and then just went to the next table and stood chatting with the patron at another table for a good 10 minutes.  Turned out to be a moot point as they came to take us to our table.  The service there started out OK.  Then went to indifferent.  At $110  per plate I should not have to flag the server down for a coffee refill.  They solved that by leaving the pot pf coffee on the table to get cold.  For the appetizer we had the short ribs and the scallop.  The short rib was the best part of the meal.  The scallop was fishy tasting.  Soup and salad OK.  For the entree we had the Strip.  Not even close to the best steak I have ever had.  It was good but not memorable.  My wife's steak was under-cooked.  Get this, they took the steak back for more heat and then brought it out with the same sides.  I mean it was a mushroom cake.  She had taken a bite and they cleaned it up and reserved it.  She did get a new onion though.  The manager checked on us so kudo's there.  Dessert?  Well  I just had a resentment by then.  My Christmas wish would have been to make reservations elsewhere.  It was however, a learning experience.As a brand new Yelper I read the Shercole K. and it made me want to be able to Yelp like that (still one of the best review's I've ever read!) And it also made me want to eat here. I was reminded this year when I read Charles H. review, and I put it on my "next trip or else" list.  So why did it take me so long to do that? I don't know...but it will not take me so long to return. It was...in a word...fabulous. We dressed up and made a reservation and were rewarded with one of the window tables. The view...OMG the view. It was so elegant and romantic.
The food...among the best I've ever had. And we've eaten in some fancy places. It started with a complimentary Amuse Buche, and that really set the tone. Lucky for me Bob is allergic to shell fish and I got both of the little shrimp salads. I had the fish and I recommend it. I remember a salad, and veggies as well. My only complaint...we were too full for dessert.
Everyone was welcoming, and the hostess even called us by name when we left. I felt special. It's all about the little things, isn't it? Local or tourist, if you haven't eaten here yet, you NEED to. You can thank me later.Service was spectacular from Antonia and the pulled pork gumbo was the BEST gumbo we had while in New Orleans. It was  delicious. The mimosas were also great, but our entrees were just so so. My steak was so overcooked it was hard to chew so I only took 2 bites. They did offer another, but I had sort of lost my appetite and just kicked myself for not getting another bowl of gumbo. My daughter's grouper had no acid whatsoever, so it was lacking as well. Not awful, but far from memorable. I asked if Daniel Causgrove was in the kitchen as he was a chef I had met at the Atlanta Food and Wine Festival and he made a great dish there and they just said. "yes". He had given me his card and said to say hello when we came for a visit, but I don't think this was ever communicated to him in the kitchen. Better places to eat in NO, but if they have the pulled pork gumbo (it was a daily special), do hit them up.Excellent service and food. Treated ourselves for our 2nd last day of our dual city visit to the states. Really enjoyed the food and atmosphere here. Go try it.Loved the decor!  A very grand Southern dining room!  They have a meat and three special which was great !  Service was impeccable.  My short ribs were cooked perfectly with loads of flavor.  Looking forward to returning to try more of the menu.We went there for Coolinary lunch and I can't wait to go back. Best food, best food. I'll even pay full price when it isn't Coolinary Month.I stopped in on a Monday afternoon for lunch with my sister. We started with a glass of Pinot Noir and enjoyed the beautiful wall art and chandeliers. The restaurant and hotel lobby are truly beautiful! I ordered the 3 course meal for $20 and decided on short rib, Brussels sprouts, Windsor salad, and mixed vegetables with chimichurri. The short rib was perfect! It was so tender and juicy. The brussels were one of the best I've ever had, perfect crunch and flavor. I am not sure what kind of dressing was on the salad, but I would've loved a bottle of that to go! The dessert was 3 tiny scoops of sorbet which were perfect to end the lunch with! Edgar our server was on top of water refills and checking to make sure everything was to our liking. The only thing I wish I knew before going was that I didn't have to self park for $15 a few blocks away as the hotel does do validated parking for the restaurant. The women's restroom had a full length mirror and 2 vanity tables to touch up your hair or makeup! I will be returning soon!Delicious breakfast, I particularly enjoyed the Windsor Court Benedict. However, the service was too slow.Arrived at 1:30pm on Saturday and they close at 2pm. Atmosphere was relaxed. Patrons were primarily older from out of town and I didn't see any families. Live music with a clarinet was impressive. Katerina was my server. Great service. Very fast and friendly. Wonderful biscuits and fresh coffee. Dragon fruit Champaign was decent. The entree was the Atachaf (sp?) with poached eggs and crab meat. Very tasty. For dessert, the stuffed beignets were good. The filing was similar to Boston Creme. The overall price was on the high side but reasonable for the quality.It was raining on a Sunday morning and we were tired of walking to find a breakfast place. We had stayed at the hotel a few years ago and knew the place is all about quality. That it was! Excellent food, good service and prices that were not crazy, despite the beautiful hotel where it is located.I stayed at this hotel and had delightful brekkies at the Grill Room... delicious eggs, blueberry pancakes, and incredible scones served to the table.  Mmmm.  But the dinner I experienced was disappointing.  So disappointing, in a town where food rules.  We started with a ravioli appetizer, which was served with a broth which I believe was simply the unseasoned, unaltered juice from a tomato.  Bleh.  This was followed by the grouper, a fish I normally love, to be served with a parmesan risotto.  The fish and the risotto were nearly inedible.  Both were cooked well, but the flavor?  Completely non-existent.  I spent several minutes wildly trying to flag down our server, begging for the salt shaker.  I am fairly certain that neither the fish nor the risotto had been seasoned AT ALL.  I have my suspicions that the risotto was missing the promised parmesan, or at least sufficient parmesan to impart any flavor.  Did the chef bother to taste anything before sending it out to customers?  Doubtful.  I was starving, but couldn't finish the fish -- it just would not go down.  I was sad to have wasted a meal in New Orleans on this restaurant.Ooooh this place is pretty!  Done in the same French colonial style as the rest of the hotel, yet somehow brighter and more whimsical.  There are tables along a bright corridor on the outskirts of the main dining room next to very tall windows that look out onto a garden court. The chairs are reminiscent of what I found at cafs in Paris a few years ago.  I was seated in the main dining room at a lovely corner table overlooking the main dining room.  Behind me there was a bright mural depicting an outdoor scene that covered the entire wall with a similar mural on the far wall of the room.
The gentleman that greeted me was looking very dapper in his black slacks, white jacket and black bow tie.  My server was looking lovely in a similar uniform except that she wore a black vest without a jacket.  I knew what I wanted before I received the menu, so I didn't bother to look it over too much, but from what I remember they have a pretty wide selection of breakfast options.  I was glad to see that they had a Belgian waffle with strawberry compote (no whipped cream please!) and warm maple syrup, which I ordered with a cup of coffee.  
My breakfast came out rather quickly which was nice since I needed to get to work, but I was surprised by what I saw.  There was a teeny tiny dollop, maybe half a teaspoon of strawberry preserve in the middle of my waffle.  First of all strawberry preserves does not equal compote, and second, why so stingy?  The waffle itself was sad too since it was soggy.  When the bill came I damn near fell out of my chair.  $6 for a plain cup of coffee?!?!   Yes, this is a hotel restaurant, but that's ridiculous.  The coffee tasted very good, but come on! 
During the course of my breakfast, two different manager types in suits came to check on me a total of 3 different times.  If you're keeping track, that's four different people who wanted to make sure I was happy.  I wish the food matched the level of service.
5 stars for atmosphere and service
2 stars for disappointing breakfast and outrageously priced coffee
Average = 3.5 starsFirst off, the service here is impeccable.  Had a large dinner party and while the food was good, the portions at dinner are very small.  I believe it to be overpriced for the size of the portions.  I'm not one for huge oversized plates of food, but this is too "small plate".  I ordered the fricassee and it looked more like a contemporary piece of art, than it did anything edible.  Their short rib was about two bites for a normal sized man.  Atmosphere:  5 stars.  Like I said, Service:  5 stars.  Food only 3.... the best thing about the meal was the dessert.the food is not very flavorful, yet very expensive. seems to cater to an older, senior crowd. old school dining but not in a classic, timeless way...more of an hamfisted '80s way. leave it to the curb.People, $19.84!!!!!!  What are you waiting for? This elegant, classy, super delicious meal is waiting for you. I came here to celebrate a co-workers birthday and Coolinary had me running here. We started with a piece of crawfish with cool, zesty/peppery remoulade sauce. Then they bring out these adorable flaky biscuits with creamy butter and Black Sea salt on top just to make you feel like you're keeping it classy and yet adorable at the same time. Then, THEN... You can pick a protein option with 3 sides and a dessert. I chose the gulf fish almondine which was a mouth watering good with truffle Mac and cheese which could cure a nation bc it was THAT good, the Asian salad which was a cold noodle salad that was lite, however it definitely wasn't my fave and my last side was sweet potatoes that were crisp at first bite and creamy in the center. I wish I would have went with the Brussels sprouts because those crispy little suckers were crunchy pieces of gold. The sorbet was tiny but it was worth it. 
I really hope you read this review and end your decision making here at the grill! You will be full but won't want to die from being overly stuffed. Nothing was too rich or too heavy and it fit the bill! I'd come back!We were so excited to check this place out after hearing great things about the new head chef so 4 of us headed over for dinner on a Saturday night.  Sara Kavanaugh the sommelier was amazing and the wine that she paired with every course was perfect. Our server Billy was a gem, as well. We are local and cannot wait to go again.I heard really good things about The Grill.   My duck breast was overly salty, my brother in law found a piece of glass in the lamb chop and even after reminding them that this is to celebrate my brother's birthday, they never celebrated his BD.  Toward the end of our dinner, the lights went out in the alcove that we were in.  I thought that was an error, but instead of turning up the lights a bit, they offered a flashlight.  I will never return.