This "Joint" haha was on Diners, Drive in's and Dives.  It is defiantly the later but the smoked meat is delicious.   Sides are lacking, really lacking quality and flavor.  That said it is a BBQ joint and it's all about that.  YUM!*DROOL* 
This was the last spot I ate at before my flight back to DC. My fellow fatties and I ordered the beef brisket, ribs, pulled pork and plenty of sides  (cole slaw, bakes beans, mac n cheese). Everything was well smoked, pulled and brisketed (I know that's not a word). I washed everything down with some sweet tea. 
Needless to say, food coma set in for the flight back!Perfection. Just don't sit outside, u will get swarmed with Mosquitos. Although, there is a very nice cat named Orange Julius if u like dining al fresco and in the company of kittens. Don't forget to go for a ride on the tree swing on your way out.Great barbecue and terrific side items. Nice patio for outside on a sunny day. Ambiance is truly New Orleans.This place is amazing!! If you like eating meat, this place is the place for you. This is my second time eating here and it never fails to fill me up. 
Mac and cheese & ribs go great together. Trust me. The price is bit pricey but the portion is great. So it's worth it! Can't wait to come again with my bf who's from Chicago.If you've never been to New Orleans, you're missing out on what eating is.   This place is great.  Baked mac and cheese...BAKED.  The baked beans have a hint of spice in them, which gives it a perfect blend.  The brisket, was just as tasteful, as the pulled pork, and the BBQ chicken, was also on point.  
This place has that "home" feel to it.  The decor takes you back to a country house visit, "Down South," as some of us like to call it.  The paper towel rolls on the tables, really make you feel like a country boy...Gotta love that.  
Although the sweet tea isn't sweet, you are provided with enough sugar to give yourself that heart-attack you were hoping for.
Did I mention you can be full AND have a to go box all for about $10?  Yea, you just can't beat that.YELPers - you were right!  This is some of the BEST BBQ I've had in some time.  And I eat BBQ pretty often. 
My three meat plate choices were ribs, brisket & burnt ends. Ribs slid off the bone cleanly and were crispy on the outside. Brisket was juicy, smoky and scrumptious. Burnt Ends?  I would have ordered twice it was so tasty!  
Sides were Cole Slaw (very good) and beans (I was expecting a tomato-sauce base, was a bit of vinegar?) were tasty. 
Good variety of beer choices. I ate outside on the patio by the smoker. 
If I lived in New Orleans I would eat here WAY TOO OFTEN. If you're traveling to town, catch a cab or a Lyft out of the tourist area and devour some delicious BBQ!This place is heaven for any BBQ lover. Easily the best BBQ in New Orleans. If you go for lunch, better get there before 11:45 or you'll be in a long line.
The ribs here literally melted off the bone. Macaroni and cheese is top notch and the brisket is perfectly done.Awesome local BBQ food. Get there early, because they run out of ribs and brisket fast!You know that BBQ joint from House of Cards? This place kind of gave off that similar hometown, blue collar, BBQ joint tucked away off the beaten path vibe. Nothing fancy about the food -- what you see is what you get. And what I got was the best BBQ I've ever had.
My fiancee and I were down in New Orleans for a few days and stopped by the Joint based on the strength of reviews from our beloved Yelpers. We shared a three meat plate (brisket, pulled pork, and sausage) with two sides (potato salad and beans), for a more-than-reasonable $17.95 (!!!!). The brisket was the shining star of this plate and could be eaten alone if you wanted (without their exquisite, light, playful, vinegary BBQ sauce). Hot off the smoky grill, it melts in your mouth and makes you want to forget about every piece of meat you've ever eaten before. The pulled pork? Fine. The sausage? Unremarkable. I would have been happy just eating the brisket with a bowl of the delightful potato salad. 
Just for reference, we loved this place so much, we drove through and picked up two pounds of brisket on our way out for the road. They included a bowl of BBQ sauce and even gave us ice to pack our cooler (thanks, guys!). This will be the first place I go the next time I'm in New Orleans again.
10/10 would eat this meat again. You've ruined all other BBQ for me.This place is off the beaten path but well worth the drive!  The BBQ ribs and pulled pork were tender and juicy!  The pecan pie and the peanut butter pie were so tasty!  I recommend getting some to take home if you don't have room after dinner.The absolute best bbq I've had. Everything is so tender (even burnt ends) and the value is hard to beat. You won't leave hungry!Love this place. 
Everything you want in a real BBQ place. 
The outside patio is nice with their fans. 
Every cut of meat they have is delicious. 
They got a nice beer selection as well.Great food and it's comes out fast. I get bored of most of my favorite New Orleans spots and go in phases,not the joint, if I miss a week of that Mac and cheese or whatever delicious meat I decide to get that day the rest of the week is just waiting for my next chance to go!Been to several BBQ "joints" & this place is at the top of the list.  Great job!!
PS - Try the Key Lime Pie, you won't be disappointed.If you happen to be in the area... as in you are visiting the damages to the lower ninth ward or are heading to Vaughan's... 
Then this hell-yeah hit-it-up type-a-place.  Its a bit of a drive from the core though.
We ordered and paid for our bbq food and a few beers at the concession sort of stand and then were advised to sit out back and wait for the delivery.
The back patio featured a garden with picnic tables and sketchy patio furniture... all part of the cultural allure I suppose.  I liked how they had extra bbq sauce on the table... we were sampling before the food arrived.
And when the food arrived - it was unexpectedly melt-in-your mouth delicious.  And by then, we had already made friends with a few of the locals - very friendly folks!This place is too legit. I'm talking brisket on fleek. Cuban sandwiches to die for. Amazing pulled pork. We came here twice, and were sorry we didn't go back a third time. Seriously worth it. A few tips to consider:
1) This place is an order at the counter type of joint. Perfect for a first tinder date, or kids, or something casual, not great for a "dining vibe".
2) Tons of parking, so uber-ing here from downtown was a waste of $20.
3) Ear here everyday.This hole in the wall "joint" is exactly the kind of place true BBQ connoisseurs can go to get some tasty BBQ! At first glance, uninviting and if a toothless Bubba or Roscoe were behind the counter yellin "brisket, pick it up" and ringing a bell, I would not be surprised. Yet that was the only thing missing -DANG-NABIT!! The brisket and pulled pork sandwich will put the smack down on any BBQ craving. Can be crowded during lunchtime and early afternoon, call-in your order swing by and "PICK IT UP!Cute place in mid city, the pulled pork sandwich was "ok" not much flavor so we added the sauce which also did not have much flavor. The sides though... AMAZING! We had the Mac and cheese and baked beans and that was definitely the best part!Totally awesome.  The food, the beer, the setting, all were exactly what BBQ joints aspire to be.  I ate my boyfriends leftovers for breakfast.  ( I know pork is generally the meat of choice at BBQ places but I rarely eat beef so I chose the brisket, mouth watering and awesome!)i can easily believe this is the best BBQ in town.  The tip about the outside seating area out back was right on...i'd definitely recommend it!  The sauce could be a little thicker for my tastes but i'm definitely going back!
Seriously...I love this place!  If you like barbeque you just have to go.  Just go ahead and get yours to-go because you're not going to finish it (and I suspect they hook it up a little bit more.)  I'd make a recommendation...but really it's all good.  My favorite side is the potato salad (by far!)  I usually just get the 3 meat combo and eat on it for the next few days (it's awesome straight out of the fridge.)
The outdoor seating is nice...unless the flies are too bad.I've only eaten here twice. I'll probably have to update this review to a higher rating after a few more bbq sessions. So far the pulled pork sandwich bbq is perfection. The meat is tender moist and not overwhelmed with sauce. The sauce part you get to do yourself. The baked beans are dangerously tasty.  The staff is laid back with a smile. They are efficient and even during a busy time I did not wait long for my food. 
I really like the rustic decor and the outdoor area. The full bar has some good beer choices as well as cocktails.This place is legit,  amazing bbq, amazing sauces and you feel like a local here. We got here right when it opened and we were glad we did, as 15 minutes later there was a line outside the door!Best BBQ I've ever had. The ambience at The Joint is stellar, the service was excellent, and the pricing was perfect. Eating at The Joint was an amazing experience, one that puts it high up on my list of top restaraunts in New Orleans. The only slight issues were that the chicken was a bit flavorless (needed to smother it in the amazing BBQ sauce to give it really good flavor) and the beef brisket was not quite tender enough in the middle. Other than that, really a fantastic restaraunt I recommend to everyone.So I'm not a meat eater, in general. I love boiled seafood and I prefer to eat mostly shellfish and seafood. My husband had been telling me for years that we have to go to the Joint, because he is a HUGE BBQ FAN. I was not so thrilled to be going, but went along with him. I ordered the 1/2 rack of ribs. All I can say is OH MY GOODNESS! This place is like a meat heaven. If all meat tasted like these ribs I ordered, I would eat meat every day. They were the largest, most delectable ribs I have ever had in my life and I am a very tough customer when it comes to meat. Also, I had just had knee surgery, so I was in pain and really didn't feel like schlepping down to the bywater for meat. Lol. 
But I must say that I was extra impressed with the ribs. My husband got the pulled pork sandwich, which was also excellent. (Not as good as the ribs, but excellent in its own right). The sides were just okay. I found the baked beans to me hard in the middle, so I was not extra impressed with them. But I was thankful they had Coke and not Pepsi, which is gross. 
Just know that if you go, seating can be an issue. Like I said, I had just had knee surgery, so I had to sit at a table while my husband went to order. Apparently, this was a problem. The waitress told me that I must get up and go wait in line with my husband and I told her no. I said, "Listen lady, I can barely walk, I just had knee surgery and I'm not waiting in a line today." I thought that would be sufficient. Then she came back 5 min later and told me again to get up. I told her to piss off and that took care of it. And I then AGAIN reminded her that I had knee surgery 2 days ago. She left me alone after that. But to sum up, the ribs were fantastic. Yes, I would go back!!!The new space on Mazant Street has more room, plus an added bar and an outdoor seating area are nice additions from the former "cozy" space on Poland Ave.  Everyone is friendly and they truly put out some of the best barbecue anywhere - on my most recent visit the brisket was moist, smoky, and phenomenal plus the pulled pork sandwich was really outstanding.  The baked beans and potato salad sides are just as good as the BBQ while the mac & cheese is a big portion but unfortunately fairly dry and tasteless.  Regardless, The Joint is consistently serving some of the best BBQ in the country and is without a doubt my go-to spot in NOLA.Quality sucks very disappointing.  The person we ordered from couldn't even describe the beers on tap and seemed VERY out of it (high?  Drunk?).  To top it off, the ribs made my wife sick..  something about the coating most likely.  The punch didn't have much taste and was almost straight booze. Never going back.I'm giving this 4 stars only because New Orleans has like all of four BBQ spots in this whole seafood driven city. I ordered the three meat combo with Mac and cheese and potato salad as my sides. 
The ribs were delicious, and the sausage was honestly the best part of my meat combo. It's spicy, juicy, and flavorful. The brisket was kind of a miss for me. I think I might've gotten the end of it because it was honestly more fat than anything. All the meat was seasoned well though and I really enjoyed the barbecue sauce. 
The Mac and cheese wasn't really exciting but I like the fact that they used that creole mustard in their potato salad and used red potatoes. 
I wanted to get a drink while I waited for my food but the bartender was busy with a phone order I guess. I was slightly disappointed in that but life goes on. I'll probably go back a few more times. Being from Texas living in NOLA is hard on my barbecue loving soul.It's fun ambiance, but the meat is way too smoky for me. My friends and husband liked it but were mot impressed.Best brisket ever! It sounds ridiculous to eat BBQ in NOLA, but I'm so glad that we did it. It's wonderful! And the peanut butter pie is heavenly, highly recommend!There are times when, as a visitor (albeit a frequent one), you need a break from Creole and Cajun cuisine and seek out a change. Now barbecue is a sacred and highly opinionated topic, with passions running high at the very mention of the word and rising from there.
OK. The Joint is *really* good. I'm not sure it's my favorite BBQ place, period, but in New Orleans, this place is just the perfect mix of delicious food, classic ambiance¹, cold beer, and tunes. I wouldn't change a thing! (OK, maybe a bit more heat in the rub.)  Everything is wonderful, save perhaps the mac & cheese, and this is a place I look forward to returning to time and time again.  (Been here three times so far.)
_______________
¹ Though if they heard me use the word "ambiance," I might be 86'd for life!This was our first dinner in New Orleans and what a great choice. Good food, interesting service and an awesome vibe.  The brisket was flavorful and tender and the mac and chz side was a perfect compliment.Smells like good BBQ when you walk in the door and it does not disappoint. Enjoyed the pulled pork and loved the Lima bean side. Definitely would recommend this placeThe joint is the only place we go for BBQ in New Orleans. I have tried almost the whole menu but the Brisket is hands down my favorite thing on the menu.  its always moist and sooooo delicious! You can't go wrong with the mac and cheese either.Finally ended up here for lunch a couple of weeks ago. Packed with a great slice of humanity, I sidled up to the counter and ordered. Had I known to plop down at the bar,  I would have gained 10 minutes of my life back and had witty repartee with the bartender.
Speaking of ten, I think that's the weight of the plate I ordered. It may be what I gained after eating here. Hearty eaters, fear not! You will leave sated!
The sides are OK; I was told the standout collard greens were sold out (by 1PM!). The meat was quite tender and the sausage were delicious; the sauces left me lacking in flavor and substance.The real deal.  This is a great spot.  No frills.  Beef Brisket is wonderful.  The sides are good.  The beer and the tea are cold.The Joint was a fabulous find in NOLO with homemade everything!  I had tender burnt ends with a tasty salad and baked mac 'n cheese.  I came here with a work group but would definitely bring my family if they were in town.  The Joint has BBQ down!Super place. Just what I wanted in terms of bbq. Briskets where delicious. Gentrification has smitten the area, and the clients where affluent. But the hipsterness of the Joint was appreciated! 
We had threes at combos which were enough for two people each. Sides were small but good.Dive-y little rib joint that is sure to please. Off the beaten path, but well worth the adventure. The smoker in the back is worth a watch.SOOOO good! I am glad that we found this place via yelp. My fiance and I went while vacationing and it was well worth the cab ride. He wanted to keep coming back here for breakfast lunch and dinner! We definitely would have if there weren't places that we also wanted to try. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for BBQ in the Big Easy.Boyfriend and I walked all the way from the business district to get here for some delicious BBQ. After walking through the changing neighborhoods and being greeted by the sign outside I felt doubtful. Then you go in, and the smell cures you! My goodness was the sausage and pulled pork good. My mouth is watering just thinking about it with the sauces. And the mac and cheese! Geez if only I could get this in nyc. Also try the pb pie! We were stuffed but inhaled that thing like crack!
Also cool to know theres outside seating and you can see their smoker. Boyfriend told me he saw someone chopping up wood. Very neat.I've been told that this is among the top ten BBQ 'joints' in the country or maybe even in the world (although BBQ tends to be local to the US, as far as I know).
I got a combination platter of pulled pork, brisket and ribs. It came with two sides of my choosing: macaroni and cheese and potato salad. Along with the platter came two toasted slices of white bread and bread and butter pickles.
I can confidently say that the pulled pork layered on top of the toasted bread smothered in their signature sweet BBQ vinegar sauce was delicious. I would have preferred it on a different type of bread, but I was too hungry to be picky. However, I wasn't hungry enough to chow down on the brisket- way too dry for my mouth! The ribs were smoky and well flavoured though, so 2 out of 3 isn't a horrible deal.
The mac-n-cheese was disappointing and I honestly didn't try to potato salad. Mainly because I'm not into that dish (my SO is).
All in all, it's great for when you're craving that summertime meat-a-licious meal or just that hunk of smoky goodness minus the sad sides.You have to try the brisket!!!!!! The smoke ring is perfect all the way around and the meat is tender and never dried out, it's near perfect. I can't attest to the other meats because the brisket is too good to pass up, but when a bbq 'joint' can rock the brisket you can trust everything else is on point.I'm originally from San Antonio, Tx.  It has some of the best BBQ around and I've made my own.  This place was phenomenal.  Very close to back home and I mean really close.  The key to brisket and ribs is does it stand along without sauce?  They absolutely did.  The rub was good, the brisket was moist with that beautiful smoke ring.  The sides, especially the baked beans were top notch.  It's a bit of a walk from Bourbon St but worth it.  From one who has smoked many briskets I tip my hat to you good Sir's and Ma'am's.  Well done.Neighborhood fav, imho overrated.  Edible bbq but not much else to choose from.  Nice location tho.I'm mad I didn't find this place sooner! The food was above and beyond. I had the pulled pork and brisket combo. Only $13.50. Well worth the price, I couldn't even finish it all and I was starving. Best pulled pork and brisket I've ever had. The Mac and cheese was creamy and yummy. The baked beans were hands down the most delicious I've ever had. I couldn't believe they were baked beans! Very unique taste. I wish they had more of a variety of sauces though. The bbq sauce was good but pretty sweet. I'd love a spicy sauce. Was recommended this place by a friend and I'll definitely pass it on. I can't wait to go back to this place!Some of the best pulled pork bbq I have ever had...topped with slaw and sauce, left me wanting more when I was done. Fantastic sweet tea, and an outdoor patio made for a perfect afternoon lunch. 
This place is off the beaten path, over in the Marigny part of the city, but worth looking for and stopping by for lunch or dinner.My first experience with New Orleans BBQ and was I ever impressed!  Pork ribs that fell off the bone without any greasiness, and delicious smoky taste.  Beans and slaw that were great too.  Washed down with an ice cold Abita that topped it off perfectly.
The atmosphere is cool/dive; I hope their new location will be as interesting, because I'll definitely be back!Worth the 10 minute drive from the French Quarter. Tender smoked meats, classic sides, and interesting retro decor. Best in Nahlins.Nice low key location in a cool neighborhood, friendly staff, and quick service- can't compain! Oh yah, the food!  SO good!  Toasted buns, smoky meat, and all the BBQ sauce you can squeeze on to EVERY SINGLE BITE.  My husband raved about their potato salad (which was good, but tasted like egg salad, lol).  The mac and cheese was tasty, and overall, I loved it.  Cute hole in the wall that delivers.Yum, great bbq and all that i expected. The ribs and links were amazing- the former having this sugary texture on top that was incredible. 
The sides and sauces were nothing special.TLDR; this place is trash. 
Ordered at the counter. 3 meat combo with brisket, pork ribs (2), and 1/4 chicken. It comes with the choice of one or two sides. I got Mac and cheese and potato salad. And 2 drinks for $25. 
Food came out cold, with the exception of the MAC and cheese which was warm in the middle. 
Brisket: dry af. No fat at all on the brisket. The flavor was very peppery. 
Pork ribs: also dry af. Good flavoring, but was not fall of the bone ribs. 
Chicken: the best thing. It was super moist! 
You wouldn't believe the amount of sauce I needed to make the ribs and brisket edible. 
Mac and cheese: kraft easy mac is better than this shhhhh. It was powdery and just wtf. 
Potato salad: not good. Eggs and potato basically. Could have used some more mustard. 
Don't come here. Would give two stars for the chicken, but seeing as that's the only thing I would order, it's not even worth giving.I loved the dry rub on the ribs it was so flavorful. I didn't care for the baked beans though but the ribs and chicken were so good! Service was fast as well!We are from Kansas City and are accustom to very good BBQ. We ordered the burnt ends, pulled pork and pork ribs and with smoked corn grits and potato salad as sides. 
The pulled pork was the star of the show - moist with good bark. The homemade vinegar BBQ sauce paired well.
The pork ribs were also very good with a very well seasoned rub and no sauce. They were moist and just the right amount of smoke.
The burnt ends were good but came soaked in BBQ sauce. My preference would have been to have the sauce in the side. The sauce was good but way too much for my taste.
The smoked corn grits were a real treat and the potato salad just average. 
This is a serve yourself place with food runners. Nice atmosphere and definitely worth a visitMe & my wife went here yesterday for lunch. She found this place on Yelp and it was DELICIOUS!! Our server chris was excellent. The bbq was sooo delicious & tender. The ribs actually don't need any sauce...thats how good they are! The prices are very reasonable plus service is great & lastly they bring your food to you in about 10 mins or less. Will def be back!!! Thanks Yelp!The BBQ is very flavorful. The facilities are atrocious. Not just dive/hole-in-the-wall-bad, but the dining room was actually flooded. Also, I was at first impresses by the amount of meat they gave me until i realized it was a good 40% fat. The bathroom smelled like marijuana and vomit. They forgot to give me a side, then tried to charge me for it again when I asked for it. Go to Hillbilly for some real good BBQ instead.Quite Frankly, I'm embarrassed it has taken me this long to write a review for this place. My husband and I make a point of stopping here EVERY time we visit our favorite city, New Orleans. We also have made it the traditional last meal of our trips to NOLA...so we always end on a high note! Best Ribs EVER, seriously. We just love this place to pieces, and the new(er) location is way more spacious and we enjoy the outside seating the most. Great bloody marys, the sides are PHENOMANAL, and the salad dressing? MMM MMM! If you haven't gone, and love BBQ...I dunno what you're waiting for. GO!The joint is a lovely BBQ joint, and I love the name. The joint is exactly what it claims to offer -- damn good BBQ.
When I first moved to Nola - this was the go to for BBQ. Then came along NOLA Smokehouse which blew everything else out the water.....until it shut down, of course.
It's hard to compare to that, and that is why I can't say The joint is the BEST BBQ I've ever had, but it's close. 
The brisket is deliciously smoked, and it had the perfect amount of fattiness to it. It's melt in your mouth good. I had the brisket sandwich with slaw, I topped it off with the perfect amount of in-house sauce, and I was in heaven! 
The companion got three meats - pulled pork, ribs, and brisket. I took a bite of the pulled pork and ribs (without asking - shame on me!) The ribs were good, even though I'm not usually a fan of ribs in general. The pulled pork was standard. I'd say the brisket stands out the most.
I remember LOVING the pecan pie, but when I came this time, the guy at the register pulled it out of the fridge and cut a slice. He had some trouble so by the time it got to my plate it was all crumbled because it got hard in the fridge....I was disappointed in paying $3 for a crumbled slice, but the taste was there (I can't deny that.)
Overall, good BBQ and nice vibes. I'll be back again if I'm in the area. The Marigny isn't exactly close to Metairie!Twas my second time eating food from the joint, but my first time actually eating in the place and it's a cool little spot. There are some cool postings on the walls but what stood out most was the aroma of smoked meats and deliciousness all around. I was simply salivating. 
I've had their brisket which is really good, but those pork ribs with potato salad and macaroni just did it for me. Honestly i'm not much the red meat type but they were really good, be sure not to forget to put some of that table sauce on it tho. I was tearing into mine so much i only got to half of the last piece before i discovered the truth about it all. 
Most definitely the place to go to for BBQ in NOLAThis is the best bbq place in New Orleans.  It is comparable to many small town bbq places in Texas.  The ribs are delicious and the other food is phenomenal as well.Honestly, I don't get the hype. It's not terrible but it's not that good either. Good BBQ has always been hard to find in New Orleans. It's one of the few things this town can't seem to get right. There is no real flavor in the food. The sauce is average. Getting a drink is inconvenient. Too crowed and not worth it.Took a walk at Cresent Park and ended up here.  Delicious ribs, baked beans are to die for, and grapefruit daiquiri is worth a mention!Great BBQ overall. I ordered the 3 meat combo and 1 side and got ribs, brisket, pulled pork, and mac & cheese. The ribs were (for me) the stand out meat on the plate, although they were all delicious. Thank god the meat is not smothered in BBQ sauce beyond recognition like some places. You have the ability to season everything yourself, but really it's good enough to not warrant anything. The mac & cheese was the only thing lacking, I actually thought it was pretty bland and have had way better at other places. 
Very good BBQ, but not the best. I couldn't give 5 stars because if you've ever been to the Salt Lick outside of Austin, TX, you would know why.
Would certainly come back here to try some more items on the menu.Best BBQ I've experienced. The sausage with the dipping sauce is to die for. The sausage will give you atomic burps, though.I was a little overwhelmed with the smell of barbecue walking in (my friends hadn't specified what kind of restaurant we were going to), but within a few minutes my mouth was watering for ribs.
I was disappointed because apparently they had run out of ribs.  What?!
I ate a 1/4 of a chicken and it was good, but I'm disappointed that I didn't get a chance to taste the ribs I kept smelling.So, I heard rave reviews about this place on TV ad well as family. I'm in New Orleans for a visit and had to give it a try. I had the 3 meat plate which consisted of Burnt Endz, Pulled Pork and Pork Ribs. Sides were Mac and cheese and baked beans. Mac and cheese was on point but the beans were on a whole different level ( in a good way). Ribs were so tender, one bite was enough to pull the meat off of the bone with very little effort. Burnt Endz were just ok. I mean I live in Texas now so anyone who trys to pull this off had better bring their A game. Not much there I'm afraid. Pulled Pork was average but juicy. Good choice of sauce that made it better, but did not stand up on its own. The service was great and parking was surprisingly easy to find. I'll give them a another shot the next time I'm in town.One of my favorites in the neighborhood! With fun drink specials, consistent solid bbq, and my favorite salad in the city (the dinner salad with brisket), the joint is a go-to for visitors and locals alike. The price is right and portions are a good size! Mac and cheese is delish and I adore the brisket. Service is often gruff, but you don't actually have to interact much, so grab your bbq and enjoy!Between the wifey and me we ate some pulled pork, sausage, brisket, and chicken. The pulled pork hit the spot but I'd say around average in my estimation. The brisket same thing. However the sausage and chicken holy smoked balls they were it.Yes. 
Just... Yes.
Was walking to Mardi gras zone (great natural food store!) from a friend's place, and walked past this place. We made it about two more blocks before turning around and going back. It just smelled that good.
It was as good as expected. I did it up right, with pulled pork, extra bread, mac & cheese, collards (special of the day!) and sweet tea.
By the time I was done, I was so full I was sweating, and my eyes were glazed in food bliss.
You should get off your smartphone right now and GO!I was very impressed with the quality of meat (pork and chicken) from The Joint. I'm not a huge fan of pork, but I have to give it to them...they have some amazing ribs! Even my 92 year old grandmother ate everything on her plate and raved at how fantastic everything tasted. 
The Joint has been around for a really long time. I used to visit it when I was a kid and it's still good today as it was waaaay back in the pre-Katrina days.OMG - shoot me now. I've found heaven, and it's name is The Jount. Seriously, this BBQ is downright AMAZING, and i'm from the freakin south - had BBQ all over...Memphis, all over NC, VA, SC, Atlanta, MS, and all over Texas. This place RATES and rates way up there. 
We got 1/2 rack of ribs w/ 1 side (baked beans) and pulled pork platter w/ 2 sides (cole slaw & potato salad) ---- WOW. All the meat was super juicy (tho we did try the pineapple-habanerro sauce - gave the pulled pork a bit of a kick - didnt taste pineapple, tho). The ribs were the scene stealer --- dry rub was simply knock-your-socks-clean-off amazing. 
Cole slaw (crisp, not much mayo - yay!) and potato salad were excellent, tho i don't get the baked beans hype. These aren't your typical yummy, dark, sweet-but-tangy beans - i didnt like em. 
Cool "dive" vibe, neighborhoody (really love the Bywater!!) - tho the staff isnt too friendly, but who cares! Food is the star, you order at the back counter, get your beer from the bar, and sit down - a server brings your food to u. 
And tourists - dont listen - GO TO THE JOINT NOW!!! It's awesome. Who cares if it isnt Creole or Cajun or whatever - it's too good to ignore!! 
Thank u, Joint chef!I'm no BBQ expert, but, based on friends' recommendations and my taste buds, The Joint is my new favorite BBQ spot! There are plenty of seats inside and out in the back, and the bar looked pretty well stocked. We ended up getting takeout instead of staying to eat, but, good Lord, that was probably best because I definitely would have gone back to the counter to order more!
I ended up picking the Special: a sampler of pulled pork, some beef brisket, and two ribs. For my side, I chose mac and cheese. All of the meat was amazing. The pulled pork was juicy and tender, the brisket fell apart under my fork, and the ribs came clean off the bone with zero effort! The mac and cheese was also cheesy, thick, and delicious. You get a slice of bread, but just set that aside and don't look back. The stars of the show were the smoked meats, and they hit it out of the ballpark!
The amount of food you're given for the price you pay was also a big plus. I'm definitely coming back to this place!After hours of record digging at Euclid worked up a mammoth hunger, I needed something to stick to my ribs so I thought I'd try and find some to eat. Thankfully in the neighborhood I discovered The Joint. Pleasantly rugged and filled with delicious smells, I knew it was the right spot. Ended up getting the chicken instead of ribs because it looks too good to pass up. Again, right choice. So moist. So flavorful. Great dry rub. Potato salad and Cole slaw were spectacular. Like really spectacular. I suggest it highly. 
Counter service only just FYI.Charming ribs restaurant just outside of the French Quarter (we got there by Uber). Friendly staff, delicious ribs and great little bar. Everything was very affordable and serving size was very generous.One word. Awesome!!! Well, several more words. Real bbq. Excellent flavor. Cool ass people. This place is the best bbq in NOLA. The only negative is, and it's very minor but, tourists. But, hey, they gotta eat too and I hate to have to deprive them of real bbq.Really wish I could give this place a 4.5. This place was great. I especially enjoyed the brisket. Being from Texas I have pretty hight brisket standards and places in the South really don't make it well. Not the Joint, the brisket was as good as much of what you get back home. I am a fan and will be going back!Food was okay, service was poor. Right when we arrived they ran out of ribs, which is what they were known for. Workers were not very nice and told us we were not allowed to sit before we ordered and demanded to know where we were sitting and with a group of 20 people was difficult to tell at the time. Seemed like we were more of a bother them rather than a valued guest.The BBQ here was phenomenal. My only regret is that I shared a 3 meat plate with my boo - I should have told him to get his own. We got the ribs, pulled pork, and brisket, with mac & cheese and beans as sides.I'll give it 4. Prob more like a 3.5er. It's good, but over-hyped. 
The ribs are really the only thing that stands out in my mind as being exceptional. Very meaty and well smoked. The sauces are good. I love a nice vinegar based sauce. None really had much kick. Brisket was so so. Pork was whatever. Kinda wish I tried the potato salad after reading it has egg in it on here, oh well. Mac and cheese and coleslaw were both above average. I would have liked a creamier coleslaw to cut the vinegar BBQ sauce, but what can you do. 
The interior is very nice and makes you feel right at home. Excellent outdoor seating available off street as well. I didn't dine in. Bartender was very friendly and I sort of scammed my way into ordering through him. I'd go back for sure if I lived in New Orleans and wanted some BBQ.While my husband and I are huge fans of Texas BBQ, we realized we had to try BBQ elsewhere in the South.  On our recent trip to NOLA, we heard from a friend to try this place out.  
It's definitely further out from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon and Canal streets but it has it's unique charm from the outside and inside.  
While their brisket isn't as good as Texas BBQ places we've been to, it's still good for those that aren't as picky with their BBQ.  Unfortunately, the group we went with is very picky about their BBQ so we thought the brisket was ok.   
Their pork ribs were the main highlight of our dinner.  The dry rub on those babies were so delicious.  Definitely one of the best pork ribs we've ever had.    
We did notice that the sauce base for their BBQ sauce was vinegar.  Not sure if that's a Louisiana thing or just this restaurant.  They didn't have thick BBQ ketchup based sauce like in Kansas or mustard based sauces like Texas.  We really did not like their BBQ sauce and would've preferred to bring our own.  
Note that they sell out quickly for their sausage because they ran out when we got there.  We went in on a Saturday night around 9pm. 
I liked their mac and cheese because it tasted homemade.  It wasn't too cheesy and too rich like other places. 
We also ordered a slice of pecan pie which helped top off our night.  Overall, we had a good time and good food!!