Came here for happy hour... or so we thought. Found a website that tracks what bars offers happy hour specials in Nola and was stoked to see that Avenue Pub was on the list. Lies, alllll lies. Not the pub's fault of course, just an outdated website. But damn were we disappointed! Honestly, how do they NOT have a HH special? Shouldn't that be required of every bar in Nola? Every hour should be happy hour IMO.
But we stayed because we were too lazy and thirsty to trek anywhere else. 
The variety of beers on tap was impressive. The space was a bit small but they also have an upstairs space with it's own bar. There was a dog friendly area outside, which I look forward to utilizing in the spring. Would also like to check out the food next time since I've heard it's quite stellar.
All in all, I can see why this is a much loved watering hole.Great pub grub, gigantic draft selection, strong, cheap cocktails, upstairs bar and balcony, friendly bartenders, cozy atmosphere, lots of space outside to smoke a cigThe pub burger is perfect. It's got everything I need. The fries are tasty. Splurge and get the cheese sauce. You've got nothing to lose.Had a Saint Arnold's #13.  Great beer and a rare find. Great little  nook in a off the beaten path.  Recommend you escape the bad smells and pushy crowds.  Make
An escape.  We walked
The 2.4 miles here but will take the trolley back.  Ohhh and the interior of the bar don't make you feel like you in New Orleans you ain't ever let bourbon street.Amazing place! The vibe, the beer, the food! I had fried green tomatoes, absolutely fantastic!I love drinking here. I attempted to eat here last night, and as I walked up to order my food, I saw two rats in the food area in the span of 30 seconds. Now I know that New Orleans is ridden with these vermin, but I prefer to live in ignorance and pretend that they don't come into bars and restaurants here. Seeing one pop its head out from under the stove made me run back to my glass of wine at the bar. I've always wanted to try their dump truck fries, but I just can't with the sight of Bociefus the rat living under that stove :(Great atmosphere.  Lots of beers on tap.   I've only been in town for the weekend, but it's the only bar I've found that cares about good beer.Great beer list but bartender was kind of rude. The location is awesome though and the upstairs balcony made it worth the trip.The Avenue Pub is THE place to go for good beer in New Orleans.  This is a haven for craft beer enthusiasts in the city.  There are lots of different beers on tap and not just a group of the usual suspects (Abita, Blue Moon, Guinness, etc.).  They also take care of their equipment, as I rarely have a draft that tastes "off".  
The Upstairs and Downstairs bars have a completely different set of taps.  The selection is always different and you won't find the casual Miller Lite or Bud drinker here like you might find at The Bulldog or Cooter Browns.  Oh yeah, and the balcony overlooking St. Charles doesn't hurt either!  It's probably a good thing that this place isn't in Mid-City because I would spend way too much time here.I can only speak to the drinks.......
I almost hate writing this because I don't want it to be too crowded when I go; however, if you like beer or whiskey (or both) then this is an absolute must in New Orleans.  Over 4 pages of whiskeys/bourbons. The bartender was helpful in guiding me when I wanted to try some different whiskeys based on others I like.  They also have a very nice selection of beers on tap, including some that are hard to find at times.  You will not be sad you came here!We come here every time we visit New Orleans and have never had an experience that was less than awesome! The beer selection is amazing and the food is excellent. I particularly love the grilled cheese, fries, and toast aux champignons. As a special bonus, I left my beloved sunglasses here Sunday night, and they were waiting for me behind the bar when we returned to find them the next day! LOVE this place.Fabulous spot for those that are looking for a superior selection of craft beer,  outstanding locally-inspired cocktails,  and scrumptious fresh food,  all served with a smile from very friendly folks that want to ensure you enjoy your outing. 
My thanks to Polly,  Meriam , and the whole staff. This was one of the highlights of our trip to NOLA.
I couldn't recommend the Avenue  Pub more. Go and have a great time!Avenue Pub is, hands down, my favorite bar in New Orleans.
 It's sits pretty much at the bottom of the lower garden district on St. Charles avenue, obviously, overlooking the streetcar line. The bar takes up an entire building which makes it feel like a friends house is decorated with a really homey feel and has everything you'd ever need or want for a good time with friends. The bar has two floors: the ground floor has 3 rooms, two have tv's and one has a pool table where the calendar showing the monthly events is (this includes tastings of various ales and spirits, trivia, etc.) The best part about this bar, though, which alone deserves at least 4 stars, is the balcony area upstairs. There are about 8 tables on the balcony which are lit by blue-green lights where you can look onto the streetcar line and people-watch. There's an inside area upstairs also, that reminds me of Maison on Frenchman. 
Now, the beer. They've got a great selection on tap and bottles that's even recommended on beeradvocate.com. It's the only place that my boyfriend and I have seen Brooklyn Blast on tap (and we're from New York!). Pints run about $5.50 which gets you fresh beer AND a friendly and funny bartender. 
My only regret is that we didn't get to visit until our second to last night in New Orleans. We're going back tonight to get one last drink in, but we'll definitely be here every night next time we're in town!Beer lovers paradise. My co-worker, friend and I headed down here for an after shift drink. 
It was full despite being a Monday. We had only exceptional service. Both staff and patrons alike were great. 
So many different beer types from all over the country and world it will make your head spin. We also got food from the kitchen. Everything was very good.
Next time I'm in NOLA I'll be back.The beer selection is perfect insanity. Hip laid back vibe. They have a food menu but I just consumed the beverages. Outside seating which is great on a sunny NOLA spring day. The bartenders were nice and the bathrooms were clean. Definitely check out for some afternoon beverages on St. Charles Avenue.Loved this place! Great staff amazing food and amazing beer and whiskey selection! Would recommend this place to any friends that are visiting Nola!A very nice burger and fries, massive selection of draft beers. (Alas, no Pilsner Urqell or Warsteiner, but the Weihenstephaner weissbier was tasty.)This is a beer drinkers paradise destination. (although the J'Anita's food is sorely missed). You will not find a better selection of beer in New Orleans, or many other cities. The owner Polly scours the world for rare kegs coming into the U.S. and does her best to make sure the Pub gets some. If you are visiting and looking for the best taps and bottles in town, get thee to the Pub.Come here if you like good beer.  (Also go to d.b.a. http://www.yelp.com/biz/d-b-a-new-orleans#hrid:H0UlYBbgYXDrqs_rbT8b0w)  They offered a very unique tap list, which featured not only regional microbrews but also some hard-to-find stuff from the rest of America and the world.
The first floor has more of a sports bar feel, with a number of TVs set to sports channels.  The upstairs area is a chill cigar bar with a balcony and (not live) music.  The different bars serve different beers, but your tab is good for both floors.
We also grabbed dinner here.  We had the cake eaters, which is a trio of "cakes."  The sweet potato one was a bit bland, the polenta one had a wonderful texture that I wanted more of, and the "baked potato" one had wonderful flavor.  We also had a cheeseburger with bacon.  It was really juicy (almost hard to eat) but tasty.  
Our friend (a local) swears by late-night-post-other-bars stops to this place.
This place is walkable from the convention center area.Awesome place! Come here for hundreds of unusual beers, many fine whiskeys and pretty solid pub food. The fried green tomatoes and the burger with bacon were really tasty. We stayed for way too many hours!!Found this pub on untappd after being generally disappointed with the NOLA beer scene (was on a short visit from SF). Avenue really lived up to my expectation. Great selection of craft beers, and a really cozy balcony with a view of the St. Charles St street car lines.Massive whisk(e)y list and one of the best brew selections in town. The meat fries pair well with anything, especially an oncoming hangover.OMG!!!!!!  I have lost count on how many tap beer they have!  This place is awesome. If you don't like beer you need to come here. If you love beer STAY AWAY.  Either way you're not going to what to leave. I've been all over the world I rate this place as #2 in the world!  Gotta love NOLA we have it all here.One late saturday night, my brother, my fiancee and I were looking for 24-hr not-fast  food in NOLA. Unfortunately, Verti Marte is d-e-d :( and all the places in the quarter are too hard to get to. I'm not a drinker so I can't speak to the beer selection at The Avenue, but they seemed to like it and were very pleased by the 4-0z sampler glass option. Perhaps we should have expected this, but there was one guy making food in the tiny half-kitchen at 1:30 in the morning and he was predictably swamped. We ordered a burger, the "crabby patty", the grilled cheese and some fries and they were going to have a couple beers while we waited.
It took a good 40 minutes before our food was ready; then, when my brother went to grab it --- we had already told the guy that it was "to go," and he tried to charge my brother an extra 2 bucks to make it to go. What?! 
The food itself was great; however, they charged 12.50 for a crabcake sandwich that looked more like an appetizer -- seriously this thing was tiny. i'm all for small plates, but charge accordingly!! i think if i hadn't been starving to death (my fault for forgetting to eat until midnight) we might have enjoyed this place more, and perhaps if we'd come a bit earlier the guy would have had more help in the kitchen. still, there's really no excuse for the attempted to-go charge shenanigans.
as a bar, i'm sure it's great, as a late night food spot...well, hopefully verti marte will be back soon.Hands down the best bar in New Orleans. Walking in just feels like home. If you are looking for a delicious beer, look no further than Avenue Pub. 
Even thought the bar upstairs does not have as many beers, that's where I always end up. The bartender upstairs, Eileen, is VERY knowledgeable and can suggest a great beer for you to try id you don't know what you would like. The balcony upstairs is great for watching the first weekend of Mardi Gras parades. 
Also, the pub grub is really tasty. Try the adult grilled cheese and a side of fries. I sometime has that and a beer for dinner.....check it out!This is definitely one of my top 3 bars in the city, and if getting any more specific than that would be like picking a favorite child.  I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before!
The owners have a steady rotation of new and exciting brews, which change weekly if not daily.  Sometimes they're one of the only bars in the country to come through with a particular keg of hard-to-find European craft brew.
Their downstairs (main) bar has the slightly more stable, "normal" selection.  Upstairs has five or six taps and lots of bottles from all over the world.
Watch the calendar for events.  Every Wednesday they do beer tastings, where a set price gets you so many pours of said rare brews, but they often also do Thursday night liquor tastings.  Tuesday night trivia has great prizes and always one round of alcohol-themed questions (to show off everything you've learned at the tastings, of course).  Avenue's also a great place to watch the Saints games!
Oh yeah, and the food: they just changed their menu and J'Anita's is out.  We think this might be on purpose because the food was just TOO good and the eaters were crowding out the drinkers.  But the new menu includes many of the old staples, at a slightly lower pricepoint, plus some new creative twists like red beans and rice wontons.  So far I've just tried the crabcakes, which will probably be my go-to.  And the waffle fries with bechemel cheese sauce...  do I even need to say it?  I was practically licking the cardboard.
The bartenders are and owners are friendly and accommodating, even with large groups.  I've never met anyone who knows or cares more about beer.  If you care at all about what you drink or want to learn more, come here and come OFTEN.Great go-to pub...easy to get to and fun. The rotating beers and liquor selection is fun and the bartenders know what they are talking about. The cask is always a delight. Servers are friendly, the have a variety of places to hang out (upstairs downstairs balcony garden).  We always end up going for the burgers, which are delectable.  Minus one star as the red bean won tons were grossly under filled (seriously, 3 beans per wonton?). We will be returning many times over, as their burgers compete with Port of Call's on the deliciousness scale.They have a good selection of beer, a relaxed atmosphere (or it was at 2am when I was there), and some decent pub grub.  Their lonely pool table is kind of sad, but at least there's plenty of room in the place.
They were out of my first two beer choices the last time I went, but the bartender made a good suggestion for a substitute so I was happy.We came based in a thrillest recommendation boasting it was a good spot for beer enthusiasts, not beer snobs. Decor was fun and the balcony was lovely (sloped and a tad terrifying). I had a hard time ordering downstairs, at first being somehow invisible. Once I finally  ordered a taste of an unfamiliar beer, the other bartender snickered at me. I poked fun at myself saying "oh I must have said that name wrong" and the bartender awarded me with a patronizing glare. The other bartender responded saying he understood what I meant. And gave me a full glass, not a taste. Note--- I said blanch instead of blaunk. I am an unsophisticated beer moron clearly at the wrong venue.  We moved on after one beer to a more welcoming spot. Thrillest lies.Name a whiskey, any whiskey, they probably have it.
Head to the upstairs bar and explore the vast selection of whiskies.
Tonight it was rye: whistle pig boss hog, whistle pig, whistle pig 11, angels envy, you name it they had it and I had it.
Other than the great selection of bottles the place is rather plain. But after a few toots it comes alive as you ponder your next selection.
Worth a visit, take a cab.Nice selection of brews and liquor.  I went there on my birthday and the staff and patrons all bought drinks for me.  The building is two stories and has great outdoor patio spaces.  It's right off of St. Charles, so you can see everyone walk or ride right by.It just doesn't get any better than this. The Avenue Pub was recommended to me prior to visiting New Orleans as a place to find some exceptional bourbon, and it DID NOT disappoint. E.H. Taylor Tornado and A.H. Hirsch 16 were among some exceptional things I was able to try here, and at incredibly reasonable prices when compared to other bars (both locally and nationally). 
I was lucky enough to have been able to speak with Andy, who put together the bourbon selection. He was super cool and more than willing to answer any question I had and point me in the direction of my next drink. 
This place was great, and holy crap I wish I had a place like this at home. I'll be going there any time I'm ever in the New Orleans area.I come to New Orleans just about every year and this place is still top notch when it comes to bars! Great selection of food and beer.Was gonna five it 4 stars but thought naww.. This place is a darling. I got caught in the thundering rain and ran into this place to hide...best decision of the day! Staff was humbling and the food and drinks were fantastic. I'm not even a beer drinker but these people somehow tuned into my palette and found something I would love. The bartender informed me there was an upstairs bar in the works and told me to go have a looksy. The feel of this joint was amazing..nice vibes and a homey atmosphere. After my experience here I basically wanted to pack my bags and move to New Orleans permanently. That goes without saying that this place is awesome...actually New Orleans is pretty fck'n awesome! Enjoy ;)Really historic looking beer pub on St. Charles! Upstairs is even better with their booze collection that opens at 5 pm? This place is a great place to have a beer and shoot pool! Interesting mix of people, you have everything from college crowd to hipsters to after hr nurses :) staff is interesting you have some who really know their beer and others who don't. The patio upstairs seems like a great place to catch a parade :)Avenue Pub was recommended to us by another bar as the best beer bar in NOLA.  They were right.  We hopped off the streetcar and had lunch.  Really nice burgers on ciabatta bread.  Had fun talking to the bartenders and the other patrons.  Left to do some other things and then ended up back at Avenue Pub for a light dinner (hummus and the cheese plate) and more great beers.  Sat at a table in the front room this time.  Should have popped upstairs to check out the different bar up there, but we were having too much fun downstairs.Ever have one of those moments when you realize you never reviewed a place you love? Yeah, this is one of those moments. Avenue Pub is awesome for hanging out with friends in a chill location. Parking is easy in comparison to other restaurants or bars in that location. I like the outdoor seating option the back if you want to spread out, but also enjoy sitting that the bar. Besides being a great bar, it has an awesome food menu. It's not large, but its quality of quantity here. I always have to get the adult grilled cheese filled with ooey gooey yumminess, its my favorite night cap. I find their menu changes often, but never disappoints. The bartenders have always been friendly and more than helpful.Loved this place!  As a craft beer lover, they bring the goods, went here a couple of times on a recent trip.  Selection was different each time and was very good.  Several good IPA's to choose from.  Upstairs and Downstairs bars are both cool to hang out in for a brew or three.We made our way over to Avenue Pub, THE beer bar of New Orleans, and ascended up the creaky stairs to the renovated upstairs bar. Avenue Pub has taken beer bars in New Orleans to a whole new level. They may not offer more drafts than other bars, but the taps are rotated and cleaned often, and they offer beers that you can't find anywhere in Louisiana. The bartenders are very knowledgeable and extremely helpful, and the Pub even offers review sessions for the Cicerone test (the beer equivalent of a sommelier). They have weekly tastings, including some that pair their beers with cheeses from St. James.  And if that's not enough, the kitchen serves up some ridiculous food.Three Words: Dump Truck Fries. The Avenue Pub serves an absolutely mind blowing version of a "debris" fry that includes waffle fries smothered (and they mean smothered) in a garlic cheddar bechamel sauce covered with slow cooked pork roast, au jus and sauteed onions.
These fries are epic and nearly life changing and a return trip to The Avenue Pub is worth it just for them. However, The Avenue Pub is worth many return trips also for its vast and extensive draft beer selections, other different delicious offerings of bar food such as their blue cheese burgers, and friendliness, both from its patrons (I ended up starting and having a conversation with the nice lady next to me for about 30 minutes) and its bartenders. (Nicest bartender ever!)
I can't believe I hadn't gone to this place sooner! It clearly was my mistake, but not I'll be making up for lost time!Nice local place.  Doesn't feel touristy and the drinks are fairly priced.  Right on St Charles so it's easy to get to.Come here for one of the best beer lists I have ever seen in my life.  I am only grading on the quality of beers, atmosphere and service, I don't know if they serve food, but I didn't try it.  The bartender was incredibly personable and offered tastings because I wasn't sure about what I wanted.  He immediately asked for what I liked, and offered me two tastes; one being more hoppy, and the other more smooth...exactly what I was looking for.  He was so passionate about the list and showed incredible pride. This was an excellent experience and I would HIGHLY recommend anyone that is interested in trying different beers you should come to this great place.Amazing beer and amazing food, definitely worth a trip to NOLA for! They have a cute patio too. The mushroom toast is awesome.My friends and i absolutely love this place. They have 70+ beers on tap and that good ole pub atmosphere. They're always bringing in new stuff and their food is incredible as well. They are open 24/7!!!! This is a frequent hangout spot for us from chill after school drinks to pregaming for a night out. I don't think there's anything here that could disappoint. They even have an upstairs with a wrap around balcony. The Avenue Pub is a must visit if you're a beer or cider lover.Fun dive bar with excellent tap beer selection, with cheap fun food/drink specials.  Neighborhoody. Very chill.  Fresh deviled eggs daily and other gastro-pub fare.Met up with some great friends to catch-up and not only did we have great drinks but they also have a great food selection too. We had a vegetarian quesadilla, it was so delicious ! Our drinks were pretty spot on and really good. 
We hung out upstairs, where it's the spot to be if you are looking for bourbon or whiskey because they have EVERY brand you could want. I love this place and it's a pretty great place to people watch, but then again we live in New Orleans so the people watching is always fun. 
We will definitely return.Great beer selections! Bartender  was very knowledgeable,  the only set back was when I gave him $50 he only gave me change back from a $10. But I didn't think it was done purposely.Lots of fun.  You have to try the dump truck frys.  They are the bomb.  Since we are in the south, you have to enjoy the coxkroaches running around on the walld.  Outstanding conversation starters.  Dump truck fries, the bomb.In general, I agree that this is not a destination unto itself for food.  However, I have one exception to that: the fried whole fresh okra.  It is so light and the sauce is so tasty.  Being normal french fries are pretty good.  Unless you really really like the flavor of coconut, you should probably avoid the cauliflower hummus.  
Now, the beer selection at this place is amazing. Come to this place and drink beer.Me: May I have an Amstel light, please?
Bartender: No Amstel.
Me: Heineken light?
Bartender: Nope.
Me: Pilsner Urquell?
Bartender: Nope.
Me: Okay, just give me a Bud Light.
Bartender: Woooowwwww!!!
Wow, what a pretentious bar. At least, the people who work there. Takes forever to get a beer. It's cool to go every once and a while, but I won't be going here, unless there's a social gathering.
And I'm getting drunk across the street at Igor's before I waltz into this overrated joint.Don't know anything about the food or even the entire downstairs of this place, but all you need to do is walk upstairs and sit down at the bar with Andy. This guy is a complete PRO!!!! Highly trained and highly knowledgeable in all things alcohol. Do yourself a favor and put your evening in this guy's hands. You will not be disappointed.The Avenue Pub is the single best bar in New Orleans and the entire state of Louisiana for those that appreciate high quality beer.  Without exception, there are more exotic and hard-to-find beers available at this facility than any other I've tried.  On multiple occasions, I have been informed of "this is the only keg of XXXX in the state" or "the closest bar that is also serving XXXX is in Chicago".  When you see the offerings, you will understand how and why they can say that.  And, to top it off, there are standing tastings on Wednesday nights (each week is a different theme) as well as Cask Friday, where special cask conditioned and served beers are featured.  I honestly can't say enough about the facility, and the owner, Polly.  You can fully understand what kind of care she puts into her establishment, and if you speak to her for any length of time, you will understand she puts her customers first in everything she does with The Avenue Pub.  Bravo Polly! Keep up the good work.Really an amazing beer list...though for me it's almost toooooooo many choices! I very briefly spent some in the upstairs bar area and would like to make a point of going back for some sour beers.
I did try the infamous dump truck fries and they were every bit as delicious as I'd read. The shoestring fries were a good choice against the rich béchamel sauce and the pork was nice and spicy. Perfect for two people to share!The Dump Truck fries and the Braised pork sandwich are to die for. Thoroughly impressed. Great selection on tap as wellDelicious food and always changing beer options. Great location on the street car lineGreat beer selection. Tons of stuff that's not available up north and worth trying. Owner was very friendly, as was the one customer we talked to. Bartender left us hangin' a little, but she also got a little bit of a rush right after we walked in. If you want great beer while in NOLA, stop by this place.This is by far one of my favorite pubs in New Orleans. I don't know why I have never rated it before. Great memories have been made here. Great owner, great service and great food! A must try for travelersGreat spot for craft beers open 24/7/365. A no frills bar, but helpful, friendly staff and a great balcony!I come here every year.  Started for the craft beer.  Found the limited menu is near gourmet - mostly local.  And the fries. . Well that is allbIbhad for dinner.  Maybe shared part of my partner's cheese sandwich.   Now I find the cocktails can be good too.  However,  different bartenders mix differently so I watched and chose carefully.   Not a great Sazerac cocktail from one, great old fashioned from another.  Nice crowd.New to the neighborhood and glad I found this place. 24/7 and nice casual atmosphere. Can't wait till next time.A great find! An amazing selection of beers and really good food. Fresh ingredients and a thoughtful menu. And great service! If you find yourself wandering around the garden district, stop in.Decent late night fare, with a very "cheffy"burger and homemade fries.  It's a fun spot, and even though I'm never a fan of the ubiquitous brioche buns, the meat was nicely cooked and tasty.Try the food.  It's excellent.  I know a bar quesadilla sounds lame, but it's the best I've ever had and comes with this delicious homemade dipping sauce.  Several of the dishes are also vegan-friendly.  The bartenders are unpretentious and happily make beer recommendations, and the place is large enough to find a corner to relax with friends.I absolutely adore this place! Rachel (one of THE best bartenders) can make a mean dirty martini and I love her for it. 
There's a jukebox where you can play amazing jams & a pool table as well. 
The overall atmosphere is chill, laid back & a great place to hang out for all you hospitality folks. Rachel understands your frustrations & complaints. 
Their debris fries are amazing & they have tons of draft beers. Don't think twice & just go hang out at the pub!Apart from Cochon, this is the only other place I've been able to find in New Orleans that has Lazy Magnolia's sweet potato stout on tap.
This is reason enough for four stars. :)I was a little bummed, because we went here to sit outside on the balcony, and it was closed for a private party.  And on top of that, there was no available table in sight, so we had to stalk people at the bar to have a place to eat our food.
That aside, the beer and food were delicious.  I tried the adult grilled cheese, the pulled pork sandwich and the blue cheese stuffed apricots.  All were outstanding.  The pulled pork was the most tender i have probably ever had.  
I definitely recommend this place.Added a star after receiving a lovely message from the owner. I may have caught that bartender on an off night.Great bourbon, rye, and scotch selection!!! The bartender Meriam was extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful. They are open around the clock and conveniently located on the St Charles streetcar.Huge selection of beer and whiskey. I had the mushroom toast which was so filling and perfect for a cold night. This place was down the street from my hostel and I wish I had checked It out earlier on during my trip.Great beer menu, and a lovely upstairs balcony. Downstairs bar is a dingy and divey, and great for making friends at the bar and watching a game. Didn't get to try the food menu, but it looks great from what I see others ordering! Will probably come back for the food, upstairs balcony, and the super star of a beer menu.This is a really cool bar that has good food and beer... Today great beer.  You can't go wrong here they have something for everyone.Great go-to bar.  Strong drinks, nice staff, and amazing food.Their beer selection is excellent, and they even have a beer list, broken down by style, so you can plan ahead. The dumptruck fries are pretty good, I think the secret ingredient is mushroom soup. Overall, it has a great atmosphere and an even better beer listStill the best place in the city for beer, but what happened to the old bar food???
Avenue Pub recently retooled their menu.  Unfortunately, this translated into massively increased prices and removal of many great items from the menu.  They say the new menu is more conducive to sharing, but many of the items are the same and are now just cut into quarters.
What was once affordable, high quality food is now too expensive to justify ordering in a place like Avenue Pub where the emphasis is truly on the beers.
Bring back the old menu and the old prices!!!Hummus with kiwi?  Who woulda thought, but it actually works.  So I figured I'd try it in guacamole at home and, lo and behold, that worked too!
Although that was the only food I tried, The Avenue Pub boasts a great beer selection for New Orleans and has an excellent, relaxed atmosphere with a pool table downstairs.  I did not go upstairs, but love the fact they have an upstairs bar.  The bartender downstairs was great, and the patrons seemed as happy to be there as I was. 
I must note I was there in the afternoon, so I can't comment on the night-life.They have a great happy hour, beer selection, and balcony. Go here! Just don't get their veggie quesadilla. It's veggies on a tortilla, no seasoning at all. I've been a vegetarian forever and I'm all about the vegan option, but if you're gonna do it, actually do it. This was gross.This is a great little pub in the Garden District. They have an impressive selection of alcohol and beers. Staff is very knowledgeable on drinks. I had a sweet and smooth bourbon and my friend had a bourbon ginger beer cocktail. They have an outside sitting area which is nice. The inside is a bit small, but easy to navigate. Prices were very reasonable. A fun place to grab a drink and watch the world go by.Great beer and whiskey selections with solid bar food available. No gimmicks,just solid barOne memory sticks out in my mind about this place: some drunk guy completely face-planted one night and an ambulance had to be called out. Crazy.
Other than that incident, it's an ok place. The location is nice especially the balcony overlooking St. Charles. The atmosphere is laid back and chill although the pool table is rather small. I feel like it would be a waste to even attempt to play because you would just get in everyone's way since it's so jammed up in that area.
I just don't choose to come here since there are other bars in the area I would rather go to.Simply one of the best beer bars I've ever visited, anywhere.  For all that NYC has to offer, there is not one establishment here that can match the complete package that is The Avenue Pub in NOLA.
On St. Charles in the Lower Garden District, not far from the warehouse district, its located in a low-key corner white building with blue window shutters.  Its two levels are related but distinct.  The lower level is by all appearances a classic, casual neighborhood beer pub, a dark wood-paneled space with bar tables, but its hard to miss the awesome display of 48 taps, sitting front and center at their long bar.  Those four dozen drafts feature an outstanding selection that is sure to please even a seasoned beer connoisseur.  The taps predominantly feature draft brews from around the US, with good showing of better Louisiana beers, and international choices veer Belgian; one cask on rotation.
Then there's the mind-boggling bottled list.  There's probably no beer style not represented in this well-curated, eclectic selection with some rare stuff.  Here's where the two levels of The Avenue matters.  Parts of the bottled list, especially the large bottles, are only served upstairs.  Unlike the downstairs, which is actually open 24/7 and 365 days a year, the upstairs bar has somewhat soft hours of 5 PM to midnight. 
The two levels have different vibes, suiting different moods.  While the downstairs is perfect for a casual, communal pub experience, the upstairs has a quieter ambience, the better in which to taste the big bottles.  It also has a lovely wrap-around balcony; enjoying a beer here while the sun set was one of my favorite memories in NOLA.
The staff are down-to-earth and straightforward, friendly but don't expect to be coddled.  We received the short end of one bartender's temper on one visit by heading upstairs at 5 PM when she wasn't ready; but once open, she seemed to have shrugged that off and was fine.  On another visit, we were surprised with a free order of hush puppies when the staff heard we were New Yorkers (temporarily stranded on account of Hurricane Sandy), done without fanfare.  The bartenders know the changing beer list reasonably well, so soliciting advice is a good idea if the list proves intimidating.  The Avenue has a short but comprehensive food list perfectly matched for pub dining.  I visited in between meals so can't say much about the food, although the hush puppies were freshly fried, a good bar snack.
I'd easily be a regular at The Avenue but alas, our distance is too great.  No future visit to NOLA will be complete without spending some time at this wonderful beer pub.