I love the bean gallery, I've been going here for about 2 years. It's the perfect place to study indoors or outdoors, great atmosphere, and delicious beverages! Parking is a little on the scanty side, however it's not hard to find a spot within good distance. Location is safe and provides easy access to this spot.I started coming here out of convenience because I work nearby. However, I am now a full-fledged fan and get a cup of coffee here every morning. It's the good stuff--you won't be disappointed!The Bean Gallery is a favorite of mine. 
It's a very quiet and relaxed indoor atmosphere located in heart of the always on the go Mid-City.
The bean gallery offers very low priced coffee and tea options, (my 24 oz iced chai soy tea was $4.77) as well as lunch options such at pano is for $7-$9.
They also have "oldies but goodies" which are day or two old baked items like muffins or bagels for $1 - love it!!
Though I don't smoke, they do have a wall ashtray for smokers who I have noticed are respectful and tend to stay on one side of the front deck.
The Bean Gallery offers numerous books to read while your sipping your drink and you can find those at the front counter. You'll find, however, most prefer to type their upcoming memoirs or like me, their Yelp reviews and are buried in their technology instead.
There are chains like CCs and PJs around the corner but don't go there when you can visit a place with culture that goes beyond the cookie cutter chain cutout.
Enjoy!The Bean Gallery unfortunately has the worst coffee I've ever tasted.  It literally tasted like watered down tea.  It's a shame, as the location is good, but the interior needs a pretty radical makeover.  I'd recommend going elsewhere.I love this place. It's good to meet up with a friend or to get work done, or just have some "me" time.This is by far the best brewed coffee in mid-city.  Sometimes a bit slow and the Baristas like to chat it up with costumers while there is a line...Seems like I am always waiting while they have conversation and that's after after making a specialty coffee that already took 6 minutes, just GET YOUR COFFE and go...lol.  BUT  they ARE firendly and well....the coffee is WORTH IT.  They have the right system/equipment and TOP quality beans from locations like Peru, Guatemala, Middles East etc....and the grounds taste as fresh as they can.  One of the only places in the area that is consistently top quality and price is good...same price as the local chain establishments but 10 times better.I had to take a star off my original rating - DOGS NOT ALLOWED!
Well, sad to say that the day has come: Bean Gallery's owner has decided to no longer allow dogs inside. I'm sure it's supposedly the City of New Orleans putting their foot down about some ridiculous ordinance (per usual), but it still doesn't change the fact that I now have to find a new favorite coffee shop. I used to come to Bean Gallery multiple times a week to get my work done, and bringing my dog with is my modus operandi. But now I've been relegated to sit outside with the smokers and complete lack of outlets for laptops. It's January and it's much too cold out for my dog. Farewell, Bean Gallery - we had a good run.I love this coffee place. I come here to study on a regular basis and the atmosphere is always perfect for it. The only reason I gave this place 4 stars is because there are not enough wall outletsThis was my first time here tried Hot Caramel Latte delicious, nice homely neighborhood place with covered patio in front, people here very friendly definitely will return !!!!My husband and I are such addicts for their frozen coffee that we go any time we are nearby, and often when we are not nearby we will go out of our way for it. I would give it 5 stars happily except the coffee is not always consistent; it can depend on who is making it. Service is always top-notch, though. I've had some other warm selections in the winter, but usually we go for their frozen coffee. It is basic and great. We also like their rewards program. It is attached to the credit card that you use.It is much bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside. Six different choices of drip coffee. Many different styles /types of coffee drinks. (non alcoholic). Excellent service and nice New Orleans Vibe. 
Thank you.I love this place. It's a good place to go for a coffee and chat with a friend, have a study party, or get some people watching on. The ambience and loudness fluctuates depending on time of day and who all is there. Bring headphones if you get distracted easily.This cute little coffee shop embodies everything that makes it a great workspace and a nice spot to grab a drink or two... WiFi is great and the employees model great customer service. There's a swanky theme but great for the mid-city vibe. It has its own identity and a great atmosphere conducive to getting work done.i will definitely be spending a few nights in there.I really enjoyed my time at The Bean Gallery today! This coffee shop features an inviting atmosphere with plenty of tables for games or studying. The coffee was exceptional! I was able to munch on a tasty veggie panini while completing my homework. Next time I can't find a parking spot on campus I will be visiting The Bean Gallery!Ok, so I usually come here at least 3-4 times out of the week and always buy a coffee and sandwich (spend around 14.00 per visit). Today I had a very unpleasant experience that makes me think twice about coming here again. I ordered a latte and a small cup of ice water. When my caramel latte came out, my water was no where to be found. I decided to ask the short blonde haired barista with glasses (has a tattoo on her upper arm) would she mind making me a glass of water. She RUDELY replies: For future reference, you need to stand in line if you need to place an order. I told her I did stand in line. The guy just forgot to give me my water. First of all, I don't understand why she had to be so nasty and rude to me, just give me the water its TAP! and she was literally standing 2 feet from it. She did not apologize just handed me the water. If you don't like your job- QUIT please do not take it out on the customer.Perfect place to study and awesome bagels!!!I've been here two times so far. I came the first time with the friend just to meet up and I kind of liked it but I didnt feel as home here as I do at a couple of other coffee shops in the city (Zotz & FairGrinds... I'm looking at you). I don't really know why cause it wasn't very far from where I was living at the time (off Esplanade) but it just didn't vibe with me as much.
I was a lot happier the second time I went. The barista (she told me she's new) was really friendly and I ended helping her pick up a bit at night since I was the last lagging customer (and there was absolutely NO PRESSURE for me to leave, which I liked).
I got green tea with milk added honey (which I almost NEVER do) and I liked it enough. I can't say I remember if I like their coffee or not (see 1st trip). The barista recommended me all of the bagels except for one (which was something we joked about) and the one I ended up going with was excellent. And even though I haven't tried any of their panninis, I'm definitely very tempted to and appreciate the fact that they do seem to have a decent menu for a coffee shop.
This place is probably good for meeting friends but better for doing homework or reading book. They do have some nice, comfy couches which I appreciated and I also liked some of the local artwork they had around the place. I like how spacious it is and the artwork in the restroom.
I think I may have to follow-up on this place because I feel 50/50 about it. I feel it could grow on me or get to me. So, Bean Gallery... I'm watchin' you...Most importantly, the baristas are all friendly and great at what they do.
Every drink I have ever ordered has been spot-on terrific.
It's cozy like a coffee shop should be and offers couches, comfy chairs, and a variety of tables for one to 8 or so people. There are also about 6 outdoor tables. 
Wi-fi is free and has always been fast for me when I'm there to get work done.
You get a free refill with your coffee and their varieties have always been rich and delightful. For certain some of their brews are organic as well.
The paninis are FANTASTIC and you can get fresh fruit on the side.
They have a book case and some games, in case you forget your own.
The bathroom is always clean and well-stocked. 
Local artists display their art on the walls.
I somehow always find a place to sit even though they are always fairly busy.
Dog-friendly, even indoors!
They offer pastries, cake, cookies, health food bars, juices, and cane-sugar bottled sodas as well. 
Bonus: punch card gets you ANY free drink when you fill it!I was in the area, and in the mood for coffee, so The Bean Gallery was a natural pick.
Parking was easy on this particular day- plenty of street parking, and there was a good crowd in the place. I like the atmosphere here and there are plenty of tables and sofas where people can spread out and do work. WiFi is free with a password.
The man working was really nice. I got my usual large iced coffee and I found the coffee here to be good, without being too strong. While I would say the coffee should definitely be sipped, I didn't find it overwhelming at all.
There are some tables and chairs, if you want to sit outside on a nice day and they also serve an assortment of sandwiches if you want to stop in for lunch.I enjoyed the coffee and the great location in midcity on Carrolton Ave. is definitely a plus!  I would compare their coffee blend to PJ's and my wheat croissant was super fresh!  I will be back for my adrenaline fix!I should have updated this because I did have one of their sandwiches. It was mozzarella and tomato, if I recall. They call it the Panini Caprese.  Anyway, it was good and you can have seasonal fruit or chips as a side. I got fruit. I saw someone else get a salmon, cream cheese,  and capers sandwich, if I remember. It looked good. If you are a lacto-ovo type vegetarian, the Caprese is a good bet and I want to try that salmon as well. That is not a vegetarian option, obviously, but, then, I am not a vegetarian. I could be a lacto-ovo if not for seafood.TBG has pretty good coffee.  I'll come here every once in awhile to get my coffee fix.  There iced coffee and regular hot coffee are my favorite.  I'll definitely be back again.These people are vile-- just amoral and cruel.
They serve this chocolate cake...it's the most perfect chocolate cake within 1,000 miles. It is not too rich. It is not too sweet. It is magnificent. 
And these people just let you buy as much of it as you want. They never warn you, or try to stop you. They just smile, take your money, and let it happen.
Bastardpeople. 
Also, they evidently do something nice with coffee and whatnot, but I have no idea about that stuff. And the service is good, and they're friendly. And prices are competitive. But.
It's the cake. The cake.
Bastardpeople.For being within a two-minute vicinity of three big-box retailers on a six-lane street, place-wise, The Bean Gallery manages to be very nice -- leafy, great porch, and with a living room-esque interior. Coffee-wise, the drip coffee's good. The iced coffee's served in a styrofoam cup that's intended for hot coffee. Feels weird to drink. Not very tasty either. Five stars for place, three stars for coffee.The quality is pretty good and the food is alright. Good place to hang for work or studying. But the people working here are kind of rude. Not sure the names but the guy here and a few other girls look extremely annoyed every time I order something and Don't care to answer any question. Not a friendly vibe.Cute coffee shop, in a cute location. I was so disappointed to see that they do not use eco friendly cups! It's 2014 and they use styrofoam!  This is not only so harmful for the environment, but also for people!My favorite neighborhood coffee shop! This place gets crowded and noisy sometimes, so if you're studying, bring your ear buds. However, they have great coffee prices. I always get a medium latte (which includes three shots) for under $5 (don't forget to tip!). Parking is kind of a hassle. I've received random post its on my car asking me to "please not park here again" when there is no legal reason why I shouldn't. I think the residents in the area don't appreciate the Bean Gallery's clientele.Just........ OK. Everything about this places spells 'mediocre' to me.  From the coffee to the overpriced tea (you know that stuff is mostly hot water, right?) to the bagels and panini and other foodstuffs on the menu. Just..... OK. There are better places in Midcity to get a cup of coffee.The Bean Gallery is my definitely favorite coffee shop in Midcity. I often study here because they have plenty of indoor and outdoor seating, free WiFi, and they're open until midnight. If you're going to get food there, try their prosciutto and asparagus panini (with potato salad on the side). As for coffee, I usually go with a standard iced coffee here. It's tasty and helps combat the Louisiana heat.This is my go-to coffee shop in Mid City. Stays open until midnight which is great for late night studiers. There's plenty of table space inside and out. Patio is not covered but on a sunny day is a beautiful place to sit. Tons of variety with coffee, pastries, and sandwiches. The staff is always enthusiastic and engaged. All around great environment for a nice cup of coffee!I love this neighborhood coffee shop in midcity! There's always people there, and the hours are phenomenal. I got their frozen coffee and berry cake, and both were absolutely delicious, I was actually blown away. The Wi-Fi there is great, and they keep the area quiet so it's a great place to either study or meet up with a friend. I really enjoy the concept of the outside patio, where you can just people watch and get some work done. I feel very blessed to have this in my neighborhood!Good if your within biking/walking distance. Everything from the coffee to the pastries is pretty standard.The Bean Gallery offers decent coffee and a brightly lit environment. It didn't stand out for me as super impressive in any way- just an average decent neighborhood coffee place.
There are lots of windows and spacious tables to spread out study materials on, so this would be a great place to study (there were, in fact, lots of people studying in there when I went in.) They've got a bookcase full of books if you want to read something while you're sitting there (in case your friend or SO isn't finished studying and you are done and bored.) There's outdoor seating for those nice days when the weather is cooperating. 
The coffee was good and the barista was quick, friendly and efficient. I haven't tried the sandwiches so can't speak for those, but the bready cafe food (croissants, bagels, etc) is pretty basic (nothing out of this world amazing, but serviceable if you're needing a quick pastry or bagel before work, class, etc.)
One of the biggest drawbacks is access- there isn't any parking specifically for the coffee shop and the one-way streets can be a hassle when trying to find parking (because if you have to go back out onto Carrollton then you'll have to cross all three lanes to make a U-turn to get back on the same side of the street again)
All in all, I probably won't go out of my way to go here, but if I'm in the neighborhood and need caffeine, I'd stop in.Bagels aren't great. Food is pre-prepaired and you have to take the ham off your own sandwich if you don't want ham - and you have to heat your own food in the toaster. Nice front deck though and coffee is bitter but good.Having a latte and piece of lemon berry cake while waiting on my son. The atmosphere is great  - casual and calming.  Latte and cake are great too!Overpriced. I walked in to get a small coffee and waste time before work. I was not impressed.  I do like that atmosphere, and the staff were friendly.This is actually my favorite coffee shop in the city. Besides being completely local, they have great coffee and allow your dog to chill inside with you. It's always crowded but the crowd is friendly, as well as the staff. 
I come here all the time for coffee or as a meeting place. It's centrally located, just minutes from my house. Highly recommend it and love how dog-friendly this place is. Never had food there but it all looks great.I really like the bean gallery, they have a really cute venue.  The seating is nice and the wifi is free with coffee purchase.  Another plus is the outside seating.  The coffee isn't the best in New Orleans, but by no means is it the worse, in fact I enjoy the atmosphere so much it makes up for the not amazing coffee.  Another nice thing is the coffee punch card that you can share between here and their other cafe Envie.This is a decent coffee spot in Midcity. I've eaten lunch hear twice and both times the food was pretty much what I expected. A decent veggie sandwich with some sort of vague pestoish sauce. Nothing spectacular but certainly nothing to complain about. You can also choose some pretty killer potato salad or some nice fresh strawberries as your side. The coffee is pretty decent as well. Again nothing spectacular but certainly fine if you happen to be in the neighborhood. The food also takes a really long time to come out (not surprising given the baristas have to prepare it) and is a bit pricey for what it is. The staff is always really nice and dosen't get all pissy when you order food, even though it's extra work for them. Given that this place is surrounded by box stores and chains, it's the best meal/ coffee spot I've found in this part of Midcity. There are some nice food spots a few blocks up the road passed Rouse's as well.My home away from home! 
I love this little coffeeshop. When I need to get s**t done without kids underfoot I roll on over here. I don't drive because the parking situation (street) is bad and the meter nazis love to hit this block of Carrollton and St Peter. They're right on the City Park Street Car line and have a stop right out front though.
Inside it's nice and cozy with local art adorning the walls. Eclectic but not in a junky, dive-y sort of way. Lots of comfy chairs, several 2 person tables and a large table in the middle.
They have 2 internet access points with the passwords posted on the wall and it's strong enough that I can sit on the corner of allard/orleans/carrollton and pick up a signal with my phone.
I love the baristas! They're always up for an experiment. My usual drink of choice is a frozen hazelnut coffee extra sweet but every once in awhile I deviate. The other day I ended up with a blended strawberry drink with no coffee in it. So good!Great place to study and write some letters while traveling out of town. Cute little coffee shop in a nice neighborhood with a boss sandwich menu and amazing cookies. We shared the vegetarian panini with asparagus and pesto as well as the 2" thick triple chocolate cookie and the lemon blueberry cake. I wish we had gotten half a dozen of those cookies to take home!I am here all the time cuz I live next door.  
Coffee can be hit or miss.
Male staffers are not the greatest with people.  Female staff is great.  Long wait for the food but it is pretty good.
That being said, I love it!  haha.  Great atmosphere.  Great place to sit outside (or inside) and read or study).We really love this place!! They have great coffee (I love the iced coffee with a shot of caramel syrup) great prices, I usually grab a muffin or if I'm really hungry go for a sausage biscuit. They're huge and delicious!! It's a great little getaway to chill and when the weather is nice we'll sit outside with the dog and enjoy people watching.Nice outdoor seating on the porch. Good sandwiches with choice of strawberries or potato salad. A little expensive for a sandwich though.  Neat unique sandwiches.My knitting group meets here once a week, which is great for me since it is close to home, but even if I didn't live in Mid City, I would enjoy coming here. Spacious with comfortable indoor and outdoor seating, good coffee and tea selection along with pastries, bagels, cake, gelato and paninis. Serves as an art gallery (thus the name) with rotating local artists' work, and sometimes features live music in the evenings. The staff usually plays WWOZ on the radio or a decent mix of non-invasive tunes. Students come here to study, neighbors stop by to catch up with goings-on, and groups like mine convene to work and discuss. This is a very popular, laid-back spot perfect for grabbing a beverage before or after a day at City Park.I keep returning to this place because it's convenient and I'm addicted to coffee so it serves it's purpose.  It's walking distance from my house and has a little bit of outdoor seating.  The coffee is not good.  It's just not.  When I get a cup of dark roast,  it's weak and once I add sugar or cream,  it doesn't taste like coffee anymore.  The espresso is overly bitter and the barristas/barristers put way too much syrup when I order a flavored latte.  It's also a little pretentious.  I've had numerous issues with the staff for being rude or not willing to make my coffee the way I order it. 
It's like a library in there!  EVERYONE is studying with a mac! EVERYONE!  I feel like I can't sit down and have a conversation with the person I'm with without being stared at! It feels like being uptown, which I hate!  So, whenever I go, I grab a seat outdoor and hope no one is smoking!The Bean is one of things I miss about living in midcity. I was here often. Sometimes when I'm in the area I'll get excited because I can get some of my favorite coffee, tea, or a muffin or sandwich.
Their sandwiches are yummy and reasonably priced. Some days they'll have "$1 bagels" from the previous day but still taste just as good. I believe they get muffins from local bakers, and I am one of those people that sniffs a muffin and falls in love. 
Their blue eyes tea is something I have not found anywhere else but I love it so much. It's a dark pink color and I've bought plenty of raspberry teas to home brew but it just does not taste the same. I don't know what fairy dust they're putting into it but it's delicious!
The staff is helpful and friendly. I want to say most times I was at the bean, the music playing was classical, but I think the staff did have moments of their own personal pandora. But it's never been anything obnoxious or distracting.
There are plenty of old books and magazine to roam through if you so desire. They are open until midnight (except on Friday and Saturday I believe). One time, I did break an outdoor chair. After a few espresso shots I was a little shaky after the chair fell out from under me. Good times.
4 stars because not only finding an outlet can be an issue, but I have been during the rush times and there was no seating whatsoever! Good for business but bad when planning to spend hours eating/studying/people watching. But I'll always love you, the Bean Gallery.I really like this place, i've found myself in here a bit more lately than usual. Trying to get these last bike rides in while the weather permits has had me up earlier than usual these past mornings and stopping in here to kick off the day has been the move.
I salute this coffee shop solely on their hours. I mean, opening at the crack of dawn and closing at midnight?! Talk about being there for you. The inside is really cozy, homey feel. Some well placed tables here n there, nice little seating area outside for you smokers and birdwatchers, it's some nice digs. Nice, clean bathrooms, bike parking just outside, no private lot but there's ample street parking so there shouldn't be much of an issue with that.
If you're into carrot cake, try the carrot cake, it's pretty decent.Fast wifi, plenty of spots to sit at and plugin your laptop, open late, nice staff, decent coffee, easy parking. What else can you ask for in a study spot?I used to come to the Bean Gallery pretty often, but I moved out of the neighborhood. I came back after many months this morning. Still a cozy neighborhood gathering place. The coffee is pretty good, but my breakfast was wrecked by what has to be the worst bagel I've ever had: a huge ring of soft, airy bread. It's a shame.Frozen coffee is ok, hits the spot as far as a caffeine fix. Mocha is okay also but nothing I would crave. Cute local spot to sit and chat with friends.Have a sweet tooth? The CARROT CAKE! Want something flavorful for lunch? LOX & BAGELS!!This is a perfect neighborhood cafe! 
I was searching for a place with food, coffee and internet (the trifecta), and this was suggested to me by a friend. I had a delicious portabella sandwich and latte, not too expensive.
The ambiance is friendly, warm and cozy. Everyone is studying quietly, few distractions. There are lots of smaller sized tables perfect for a laptop and a cup of coffee for one or two people, a few lounge style seating areas, counters, and a large table for groups. Fantastic.
Absolutely most importantly, they play classical music through the sound system. As this is December, I cannot emphasize how wonderful it is to escape the inanity of Christmas carols at every place of business that we all have to endure for the next three weeks. Thank you Bean Gallery for sparing us!!!Hands down the best blueberry mascarpone cake we have ever had!  The staff is super friendly and hard working to keep up with the demand. If you like moist, not overly sweet, morsels of happiness, pick up a slice of this cake!Visited this place while my friend and i were visiting New Orleans. Just a short walk from one of the trolley stops. I had an iced coffee and sausage egg cheese biscuit. The sandwich was really good and so was the coffee. I would go back if I lived in the area.Nice little coffee shop with a good selection of sandwiches to get you through a lunch and coffee break..  Free WiFi, plenty of seating, very short wait time, highly recommend.I live very close to this coffee shop. The late hours make this place a very convenient location to get work done both morning and night and the sandwiches are amazing (even if they're a tadddd pricey). I also have to note that their cookies are delicious.
However I do have to say the man that works there as a barista is kind of rude. I'll order something simple like a plain iced coffee and yet he always gives me an annoyed look as if I had just asked him to make a frappe with 50+ specific instructions. And it's not even just me. He gives off the same annoyed vibe to a few of my other friends who also go here. One time he literally rolled his eyes at me when I asked him a question about one of their drink specials. The rest of the baristas are okay and some are very nice.
Also they claim to have a rewards program where your 10th coffee is free, but every time I've tried to claim my free drink the baristas always refuse to do so. I would still go here without the reward stars, but I think it's a little silly to have it if you're not going to actually let people get their 10th coffee for free.
To be honest, if I didn't live ridiculously close to this place I probably wouldn't go here. But it's not a terrible place either, just okay. The coffee is decent, the sandwhiches are amazing, the cookies are also very good, and the atmosphere is plain but pleasant.  I wish we could give half a star because 3 stars is a little harsh, but 4 stars is a little too generous.Oh my goodness, another reason midcity is another amazing part of new orleans. I happened to have a day off and I live about 5 block from the bean gallery so after a quick book read at city park I decided to grab lunch. It being a coffee shop I figured a light menu would be possible of pre-made snaks and lunch dishes. I ordered the italian panini without the typical ham and olive oil it traditiionally comes with. It was beyond satisfying. Freshly made panini's and sandwhiches. You have the option of make your own bagel sandwhichs and a variety of bagels to choose from. Needless to say I will most definetly be returning. I would say however, the service was dry. Noticeably. Nothing to turn you away, but not as welcoming as a "starbucks" type establishment would be or a locally owned establishment should be. 
All in all amazing food, great coffee and a great atmosphere to read a book, study, or catch up on some private time. I loved it.Great place to study, chat, or just chill.  They have delicious coffee, friendly staff, and a fairly substantial menu of real food options.  Most coffee shops have granola, yogurt, etc., but you can get a delicious bagel with lox, panninis, and other yumminess to keep you satisfied.
Keep up the great work!We stumbled upon the Bean Gallery on a lazy quiet afternoon. Its sounds like quiet is a bit unusual for this coffee shop, but alas when we stopped in there was only three other patrons - so quiet is apt for this review!  
We were looking for something off the beaten path and anything other than your typical Starbucks. The Bean Gallery fit the bill perfectly. Cozy and relaxed with a bit of an 'artsy' vibe. 
I also was less than impressed with the Styrofoam cups, but our coffee was strong and flavorful nonetheless. We enjoyed our java, the quaint cozy neighborhood feel, the local art work and were entertained by the signs in the restrooms.  We will stop in for a 'spot-o-tea' the next time we need a bit of 'perking' up!Cute neighborhood coffee shop in Mid-City, right off the Carrollton streetcar line.  Not one of the see-and-be-seen coffee establishments in NOLA, but if you live nearby, it's a good place to stop in and steal wi-fi.
The building is really cool, too.  It's a converted double, although they kept the fireplace in the middle.  The patio is great when it's nice out those few days in the spring and the fall.Excellent get away spot for some custom coffee brews and panninis...also, one of the baristas here is Jennifer Garner...I'm convinced. 
Well, not really, and I hate saying that people look like other people (I didn't tell her this, but I'm sure someone else has). Not to mention, I awkwardly stared at her while she fixed my order, awaiting a random spew of Elektra's lines from Daredevil.  No cigar.
I dig coffee shops for the inadvertent pretentious predisposition of simply doing my work in peace while sipping something delightful, and being able to people watch periodically.  It's a charming reminder of how much of a temporary slacker I am, and that I need to get back to work. Most importantly, a change of scenery from staring at my kitchen's entry way.
I dig this spot because it has the perfect balance of hipsters, dedicated college students, and random focused nut jobs (myself). Besides, they have a great porch/balcony area to work when the weather's nice out. 
Sometimes the Wi-Fi gets really slow when I'm in the most crucial moments of my work. That's my fault though, for relying on public Wi-Fi to complete real work.
All the sandwiches aren't great, and I've had a stale pastry here and there, but I will give the setting a plus. I'll just buy coffee and bring my own snacks from now on.Good mid-city coffeshop on Carrollton @ Orleans Ave.  Outside seating.  Bicycle parking out front.  Small selection of cake, yoghurt, pastries and sandwiches.  Same owners as Envie in the French Quarter...you can get your frequent buyers card stamped at both spots.Great place to meet up with friends. Can't wait to go back there coffee is amazing! Goodbye StarbucksGreat little coffee shop that is owned by the same folks at Envie in the quarter. The great part about this place is that its open till midnight in a beautiful area in Mid-City. They have an outdoor patio for those warm days and cool nights. The coffee and tea selection is great and they offer some great deserts especially my favorite mascarpone cake that you can't find everywhere.I work from home so a nice coffee shop with good food is essential. Their prociutto and asparagus panini was delish, coffee is also good. The place is not as comfy to work long hours but for shorter periods will do. Not as noisy and no loud tourists.A small, relaxed little coffee shop.  Nice indoor and outdoor seating.  Comfortable.  Big, plush, sofa chairs to sit in, if so desired as well as the standard table/chair combo that I find it more comfortable to write at.
I often go here for meetings with clients because it's relaxed and quiet.  And when I go here to write, it's got enough going on for me to let my wander occasionally when it needs a break.
The coffee is good too and reasonably prices.  Plus, they have juice, smart water and other drinks for when I've had my fill of coffee.Quaint, quiet, and comfortable. The coffee is great and the price is reasonable. However, if you're here to work on your computer, try to get there before it gets busy as the Wi-Fi doesn't seem to have the capacity for more than four people at a time.Absolutely my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans.  I will agree that the prices are usually different each time I come but it's usually a difference of $.10 or so. I'm not complaining.  I like the frequent buyer program. I like that you can tip on a credit card. I like the food. The staff is nice. The place is clean and inviting.  Wish they were open 24 hours but whatever.Nice place to come and relax. It's like the local Starbucks but better. There's a bunch of seating of all kinds including dining table or couches. Chicory coffee must have been popular as they ran out while we ordered. It would have been a ten minute wait for them to brew another but it gave me the opportunity to try something different which was great as well! Had a slice of the King's cake while we sipped on our coffee.Great place to study in the heart of Mid City. It's conveniently close to Delgado City college. Delicious coffee and very friendly staff.[Out-of-towner Review]
Apparently NOLA hasn't been attacked by Starbucks yet...
Cool local vibe. But sometimes, with cool local vibe, you get local average-ness. The two employees were just there. Not really gems at customer service, but not really on the rude side either.
Food was average, wait time was extremely long. We ordered one bagel w/ lox and one "healthy" bagel. Don't ask to make substitutions, they don't do it. I guess you can't expect too much when you order a bagel with veggies and cheese. It was healthy and tasted fresh, but the cheese wasn't really melted. For the price, I would have rather spent my money elsewhere.
Their coffee was decent. It did not have the overbearing tar taste, that Starbucks envelopes you in. It was good, but not great...
So average, I don't really feel like elaborating!As I'm prone to distractions at home, I needed to find somewhere where I could get masses of work done that was comfortable and served amazing coffee. The Bean Gallery meets all my criteria and is within walking distance of my home. The servers are friendly, the drinks are delicious, and there is always a great selection of baked goods if you are hungry. The space is great and there are a wide variety of seating options including comfy couches and tables of various sizes. Be sure to ask for a frequent buyer discount card. I'm on my second already. My friends and I have purchased a variety of food and drinks and been happy with everyone so far.Great coffee spot. 
I highly recommend the banana nut muffin. 
This is my go to spot in Mid City.I am so glad that I discovered this place! I walk to The Bean Gallery occasionally just to relax with a good book and some great coffee. They have red velvet coffee, which is really unique and good. I am a big fan of their frozen and iced coffees and usually opt for their always awesome peppermint frozen coffee. I have never tried their sandwiches or anything, but I can tell you that their scones and brownies are awesome. My scones always taste like flour and are inedible. I never knew scones were supposed to be light and fluffy like they are here, and always despised them; now I know it's just because I suck at making them.
The atmosphere is really chill. They have a little bookshelf for you to have something to read. They also have a little patio for you to sit on. Overall, a great place to hang out and relax.Love The Bean Gallery! Great place to come get work done or meet a friend for a cup of coffee. Wifi is free & fast. Lots of seating inside although it can get crowded on the weekends. They also have an outdoor patio that overlooks Carrolton. Great place if the weather is nice. 
The iced coffee is frozen heaven. They also make a good breakfast sandwich. Don't forget to get a punch card! Fill it up and get the next cup free.I moved back to midcity and remember charlie( the owner) and wanted to show support ! My husband and I come here daily and we can bring our pooch in if he's in a lease!!! The staff is unbelievable!!!!! My one and only shop in my hood!!!! Plus local artwork up!!! Omg!!Sorry, anti-NOLA screed coming up here:
What is with the freakin' styrofoam cups in this city?!  Bean Gallery is one of the worst offenders, which is why I bring it up here. Really: on aesthetic, ecological, and customer service grounds it just sucks.  There's really nothing like a nice cup of lapsang souchoung served in a foam pint glass, but that's what you get, even when you make it very clear you want it "for here."
The fact that this place is very popular with the laptop crowd (which often means one cup of coffee= two hours of silent tapping) makes it all the more lazy, narrow-minded, and well, NEW ORLEANS that no one who works here can bother washing a glass. 
So, yeah, the actual cafe: it's not bad. It's basically a makeshift office during the day that serves lukewarm coffee.  I'm sure it's nice and neighborhoody in the evening.  
Sorry again, vent ended.The coffee is great in the morning, but don't get there too late or it's burned.
And they need to change the cups...not into the styrafoam.Stumbled upon this coffee shop when my roommate and I were on our way to the airport. Its on the corner of Carrollton with a quaint porch and green awning. As soon as you step in, the vibe is a little hipsterish but the smell of roasted coffee beans is to die for. 
I ordered a cafe au lait (chicory coffee and skim milk) with a pumpkin spiced biscotti. YUM! the chicory coffee could have been a tiny bit stronger, but the milk to coffee ratio was on point. 
The staff was extremely friend and helpful and I can't wait for my next visit!!