I had the Polish Sampler and a cheap beer from the bar it was fantastic. I highly recommend this placeMy boyfriend and I were really surprised by this place.  Despite all of the good reviews, I was wary and not sure what to expect.  We went around 8:30 pm on a Saturday night and walked in to a decently busy, but not at all crowded bar.  We went straight to the food counter and placed our orders where the guy behind the counter informed us that there were some tables for the restaurant in the back of the bar.  Sure, if I'd have read enough reviews, I might have already known this, but it was a pleasant surprise.  There were probably two booths, two high-top tables, and a bar with maybe six seats...  Another surprise, on this night, at this time, we had the lovely sounds of some singer-songwriters to enjoy during our meal.  Very chill, very beautiful background music, which we stayed to listen to after our meals.  Now for the food.  I had been consuming a lot of food and drink in New Orleans up until that point, and I can't really say that I was even hungry, so I opted for a small house salad and a bowl of borscht.  As everyone can attest, the borscht was definitely good (assuming you like borscht).  But that salad... I was picturing a little bowl of iceberg lettuce and some carrots on top, but what I got was fresh greens, some pickled veggies, and the perfect amount of goat cheese and Russian dressing on top (they give you a choice of cheese and dressing).  Maybe it was just a combination of having really low expectations and my body really needing some fresh veggies, but that salad was so good!  As for more substantial food choices, my boyfriend got the sampler plate.  He gave me a few bites and we were both really impressed.  We were so close to going back the next night...If I were ever so lucky to live in NOLA, Kukhnya and the Siberia bar would be a regular on my rotation. Historically, I have never been a huge fan of Slavic food but after spending some time in Lithuania a few years ago, I occasionally get a craving that is hard to satisfy. 
While most people wouldn't put New Orleans and Slavic food together, this place delivers on quality, taste, and service. 
I started with the spiced apple salad which was an unexpected hit. It perfectly balanced between the sweetness of the spiced apples, the creaminess of the goat cheese, the crunch of the almonds, and the brightness of the mescaline salad underneath. 
The borscht was some of the best I've ever had on this side of the pond. Even if you think you don't like beets, you should give this a try - - especially with the additional Ukrainian meatballs. It was so comforting and perfect for a rainy night. I loved the interplay between the beet broth and pieces as well as tomato and peppers. A dollop of sour cream really rounded it out nicely.
Boyfriend had the potato perogies which were lightly pan fried and not at all greasy. The potato filling was super smooth with an almost silky mouthfeel. 
Would highly recommend for awesome food and drinks. See my forthcoming review of Siberia Lounge for more about that.I had ordered a burger and they had actually mixed them up and given me the Beet burger when I had ordered the Ruski I mentioned it to them and they quickly made me the proper burger! THEN I took one bite of the Ruski and realized that the beet burger was actually WAY better than the Ruski, although that was great too. I ate it twice on my trip and I'm so sad that I'm going to be 3000 miles away from it . 10/10 do go do eat everything on the menu and don't pass up the beet burger.I went here with my husband and another couple and didn't know what to expect. I'm almost 70 and was hesitant about going to a restaurant behind a bar, but wanted to try another vegetarian restaurant (I try to go to them all). I called first and talked with Matt, the owner, who told me there was room behind the bar that wouldn't be as noisy.
The other couple, I should add, only goes to upscale restaurants uptown or in the warehouse district so I had my fingers crossed.
We had a great time! The atmosphere was fun; the service was superb. We ordered different things (I had the beet hamburger) and each dish was excellent. We will definitely go back and I highly it. It is a hidden treasure.One of my top five of New Orleans, especially because it's also a great bar. Best pierogies I've ever had and my mom's last name ends in "ski".I love this sort of food. It's the food of my people. But some of it doesn't measure up.
The pierogis are on the bland side (I know, they're bland food, but the potato filling needs something, at least salt and pepper, maybe a little hard cheese) but nicely done. Might also want to try some other fillings (grandma used to use dried prunes). Also, salt the sautéed onions a little.
I also had borscht (hot) which was also lacking in seasoning. the flavor was decent, but I tend to prefer borscht that has been blended (or the clear kind with tiny dumplings). This was left with whole pieces of shredded beet, which makes the texture a little odd. The green salad I had was good, the dressing was flavorful and nicely done.
I did taste my friend's stroganoff, and it was really nice. Clearly the best thing on the menu. 
Try to get there earlier unless you don't mind really loud music playing in the front bar.
A decent meal, especially for the price, but I've had better Polish/Eastern European food.This food is too good and the prices are very reasonable. It's even more enjoyable now that Siberia is smoke free. Frequently, you'll have to wade through a loud metal show to get to the little window that houses this delicious Polish food. But that just adds to the adventure! Let the door guy know you're just there to eat and you won't get charged cover. You will need to be of age though. If you like the show (they often have comedy, burlesque, and many other types of music aside from metal) then stick around and have a drink with your grub (but go pay the cover if there is one. Don't be "that guy".). Try the pierogis!Best food in the Marigny. So good. every bite... The beet burger, perogies, and asparagus are all staples. Matt made a cold cucumber soup this summer that was beyond addictive. I usually take it to go and the food travels well even when walking several blocks. Kitchen is open late and the food is always fresh and super yummy. Go with a group so you can sample a little of everything on the menu.Beet salad - 5 stars. Blini and borsht and everything else was 4 stars. I will be thinking about the beet salad for a while now. The creamy cheese and chilled beet slices with mixed greens. So yum. Spinach and mushroom blini was filling and the horseradish sauce served on the table was great on fries and blini and pirogi.Cheap prices for large portions of very tasty food = YAY! 
I'm a lover of all things meat but the beet burger is AMAZING, that nice charred crust on it completes it's taste. I found it so good that I tried to recreate it when I got home. The Ruski burger was also quite tasty and large. The fries were reminiscent of McD's but much better! EAT HERE. NOW.
The menu in the bar has more options than the online version.
Note: Siberia is a smoking bar, so if you don't want to eat your food with smoke around, take it to go.I have a thing for pierogies. A friend of mine got me into Polish food years ago and I can't resist them. There is no restaurant (that I know of) in NOLA that serves Polish cuisine. What? There is a pop-up in the back of Siberia that will serve me these tasty little dumplings, especially after having a few cocktails and when I'm in dire need of starch? My prayers have been answered by Kuhnya! There is nothing too fancy about this pop-up, but what they are putting out is some down-right delicious food. Are you hungry? Try the Polish Sampler. Just want a taste? Get an order of pierogies. Weird-ass metal band playing at Siberia? Order food, wait it out, and take that plate across the street to Kajun's for karaoke fun times. I'm so happy that Kuhnya can fill this hole in NOLA cuisine.This place is amazing. It is in the back of a bar, but they have a little dining room away from the crowd. We ordered pierogis and a beet reuben. Service was fast. You place your order thru a window in the wall, and they only accept cash. The food was some of the best I have ever had. Everything is made fresh to order. We paused from chewing only to talk about how good the food was. I really think you should go here and experience this food. It is amazing, and very inexpensive. I wish I was eating it right now.Great food, super nice staff (owner?), and off-the-hook beet burger  make  this a worthwhile stop and fantastic start to our NOLA experience. And it's cheap! We ended up taking the second half of our meal to-go because the comedy act happening in the bar was so horrible. Not their fault though and I'd gladly sit through it again for the experience.I went with the sampler cause I wanted to try a few things. But I'm sticking around like I want to order more stuff. Haha the sampler was excellent. I don't like mustard really and the one with the sausage has a lot of horseradish which I also don't like but I kept eating it with it. Weird. The kraut is great. The cabbage roll thing was just ok for me. The periogi was really good with the sour creme. Would try other stuffed perogis for sure. And the bread was decent. All in all pretty impressed and really want to try the Reuben and stroganoff and that beet burger people keep talking about which leaves me contemplating right now since i don't come that often to Nola.  Cash only place though but reasonably priced. Still I hope to remember to come try other things when I come back. Nice change of pace from the typical. Bar is eclectic dive bar. Waiting to see what the music is going to be as il drinking the champagne of all beers. CheersBest burgers in Nola. Delicious Slavic food. Slays hunger without breaking the bank. Eaten here at least 40 times and the only time I was disappointed was when I couldn't order without paying the show that night. I think that's been remedied though because they've let us in to order and wait for our food in the back in the last 6 months at least 3 times.One of the best restaurants in Nola imo. The employees r chill, the food is great and inexpensive. The nu metal band playing at Siberia  is horrible.Delicious beet burger. So unique! The pictures on this page are not too appealing, but do not let that deter you!Super inexpensive polish food.  The portions are  Huge.  Definitely tasty.  Awesome location inside bar / music venue "Siberia".  Open late.  Tried a little bit of everything.  The stroganoff was my favorite.  Fast, friendly service.Everyone says the best burger in town is either Bayou Burger, Yo Mama's or Port of Call, but I think this place is a hidden gem. Their Black and Bleu burger is delicious, made with blue cheese and brown sugar bacon jam.
It took me long enough to try the burger, I am always getting distracted by the other things on the menu. I love the red beet Rueben, made with roasted beets. The beet burger, a homemade patty with lentils as well, is also really tasty. An order of roasted asparagus is less than 3 dollars, a steal. The borscht is really tasty too!
This spot is a short walk away from my place. I eat there often when in New Orleans. I just wish they were open earlier.
The owner Matt Da Hat is really nice.
The spot is tucked in a bar called Siberia (some of the best food in NOLA can come from the back of a bar).Best Beet Burger ever. Have a drink at Siberia while your Beet burger is freshly prepared by Kukhny, the kitchen in the back of the bar.  Bring cash.This place is good. I wouldn't lie and say this food is the same as it is in the motherland.. It's not. It's comfort food with Eastern European twist. When we came from Kiev a year ago we craved Slavic food and found this place.Proud Ukrainians would call what they serve " vareniki", not pierogi)) just saying... Borsch is good, although I've never made it or tasted it with mustard seed... But it works. Location is sketchy.... But oh well.Try it out!Delicious!!! I had the hot borscht, cooked cabbage and sausage. My mouth has been watering ever since, awaiting my chance to go back.Hubby and I have a new favorite here in New Orleans. Comfort food at its finest. Yes, its a bit divey but thats perfectly fine. The staff here is wonderful, everything is clean and comfortable,  and the food is simply amazing!  We shared thr beef stroganoff, perogies, and galumpkis.  Hubby had the hamburger too.  This was all new food for us and we are in love.  It's hard to get Hubby to try anything new or even slightly adventurous;  I tease that he has the palate of a toddler. Not only did he try everything but he loved it!   I can already tell we are going to become regulars.Omg, the pierogi and pastrami sandwich were amazing!!!!! Deliciously flavored, with brilliant texture and a party in my mouth. YUMMY!!!!!SLAVIC STREET FOOD. This was probably my favorite food of our short trip to NOLA. It's not your traditional NOLA fare, but it works. Ohhhh yes, it works.
I got the Kielbasa Po Boy. Delicious. A large sandwich with juicy kielbasa, and enough for lunch the next day.
BF got the Pastrami Po Boy, and this was a fantastic sandwich as well. Large enough for a good size leftover portion.
I'll go back here every time in NOLA. And the food is cheap. But SO GOOD.Delish! Not what we expected on our first NOLO visit, but Frommers suggested a visit, we were staying pretty close by and walked over. The food selection is good, is refreshingly tasty, healthful and really enjoyable. Its a local dive bar, but put your concerns aside its well worth a visit!So I'm the pooper who gives this stellar place its first 2-star review. Well, I stand by it, and maybe by the end of the review, you will too (or at least understand).
So Kukhnya was one of two places I found on Yelp that I forced Hubbs to go to on our trip there. Our hotel was about a mile walk from the French Quarter and most of our vacation revolved around that area, so you can imagine a confused husband driving his Yelp-crazed wife at 10pm to some dark, ghetto area of New Orleans where neither of them had been for second dinner when neither of them are even hungry. As we kept driving, each minute made me feel more and more nervous as the buildings got more and more ghetto and spray-painted and dilapidated. I immediately felt like we were in a sketchy Oakland neighborhood. But hey, where there's sketchiness, there's usually good food, right?
So we park on the street and walk a block or so looking for it. Then I realized (the hard way) that Kukhnya is actually a tiny kitchenette hidden in the back of a dive bar called Siberia. The moment we walked in, a girl at the front asked if we were there for the concert. I explained I was just there for Russian food, and she pointed me to the back. As we were walking through, I started to realize how out-of-place Hubbs and I were, as we were the only Asian, un-tatted and un-dyed-of-hair people in the whole venue. We made a beeline to the red neon sign and my eyes widened as I looked at all of the different options of Russian and Polish treats.
Pause. So I lived with a Russian woman 30 years older than me for about 2 years. She used to cook me Russian food every once in a while, and I, in turn, would cook her Korean food. She was a phenomenal cook, making things from scratch and introducing me to Russian traditions, flavors and treats. So it's not like I have an unrealistic idea of what Russian food should taste like. She was kind of like my Russian mom for that time period (until she became crazy and I moved out). Unpause.
Since Hubbs wasn't that hungry and was already kind of uncomfortable about the whole situation and cranky, I decided to order a Side Pierogi (two dumplings) and two Side Mushroom Golumpkis (cabbage rolls). The total was $8, and I decided to give him a $10 and let him keep the change since he was really nice. We waited for a while (maybe 10 minutes), and I was so giddy as I got my brown paper bag with white small boxes filled with hot, steamy treats. Hubbs and I left promptly and decided to eat it in the car on the way back to the hotel.
Okay first off, we only received one Golumpki. Well, that sucks. I stab it with a plastic fork and feed it to driving Hubbs, and he was silent. I knew something was wrong. It was weirdly sweet and actually pretty bland. And kind of weird. Like,... cinnamony. What? I thought it was savory with a sweet sauce, not a sweet roll with tiny amounts of sauce. That was pretty disappointing.
So then I put all of my hopes (and memories of delicious food from my Russian roommate) into the pieroges. I stabbed one, dipped it in sour cream and fed to Hubbs. Again, silence. This time my hope completely deflated. "It's not BAD... It's just... bland." I took a bite, and it was true. I took several more bites in hopes that I could find some flavor in each following bite,... alas, flavor eluded me. I already felt cheated from my missing Golumpki (which I didn't like, anyway). Even a little bit of salt could've rectified it (a little). But to be disappointed in BOTH? I closed the box in disappointed crankiness.
All to say, driving out of our way for a really weird and bizarre experience for naught. Sorry Kykhnya... must've caught you on an off night.Vegetarians: don't miss their beet burger and golumpkis!I consider it dangerous to have a regular food spot close to my house. Doubly dangerous if it's a bar. The last thing I need is regulars (and/or an attractive bartender) smiling at me when I'm trying my hardest to walk straight from my responsible car into my responsible house.
But I've thrown all caution to the wind for Kuhnya. I love stopping in to grab a bite. Don't let the doorman charge you if they have some sort of metal show in the bar, just tell him you're there for Matt's food. Like the beet burger. OH MY GOOD THE BEET BURGER. Goat cheese. Mustard. Beets. I don't even like beets. Or mustard. BUT IT'S SO GOOD.  I often find myself walking over from Kajun's with a list of orders from my friends. Get the perogi, they're great for sharing!I am in love with the beef stroganoff. It's tender, juicy, and packed with flavor. I love it so much I can't bring myself to try the rest of their menu though my friends assure me that it is filled with gems. The atmosphere is sorta the worst but they do take out so no worries.The weirdest place I've ever been. The vibe, a dingy, dark bar, lots of odd creepy decor, some mob boss curtains in the back of the place. Was wondering if we accidentally stumped into the movie "Hostle" situation. You order at a walk up window, pay there. Drinks come from the bar, and the food get delivered to your table. However the food was AMAZING! Kielbasa was a bit over cooked, but over all yum! Only giving a 3 because we were utterly confused on the entire place!I'm the queen of trying new things. I get angry and annoyed when friends want to visit a place I've already been to when there are so many more undiscovered places to try! That being said, I come back to Kukhnya's delicious, and versatile menu probably about once a month. Something that's nearly UNHEARD OF for me. The breakdown:
+ The food has NEVER disappointed (and I try a new thing nearly every time)
+ Best burgers in town, hands down (Black and bleu burger... topped with brown sugar bacon jam? Yes.)
+ Delicious and plentiful veggie options (Beet burgers, pierogis, golumpki... and the apple salad is to die for - so fresh!)
+ CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP
+ Good, friendly service - the bar AND the kitchen staff
+ Order over the phone and it's ready in 10-15 minutes
+ This may be a crusty metal bar most of the time, but if you come around dinner time, they usually have oldies jamming, sometimes bounce music - they do it all. Come and stay a while.
+ Amazing specials that they post to their facebook page
I will be crushed if this place moves into a more permanent location... But it surely deserves it.The beet burger is as phenomenal as everyone says! I always get this but am usually hard pressed choosing between fries or the yummy potato n cheese perogis. I like to peek my head in the kitchen because the cooks are real friendly and everything always looks fresh n tasty! If you don't want to sit in the smoke-filled room to wait for your food, I suggest that you call in your order 15min ahead. No seating as far as I know.You might not expect a metal bar to have tasty food and you might not necessarily expect Russian food to blow your mind, but you'd be wrong! After sitting at the bar and devouring my pierogi and golumphi all I can say is: Aw man, that's some good food! And there are great options for both meat eaters and vegetarians - even better!Another venue where you shouldn't let appearances fool you....The first time we went, we didn't quite understand that Kukhnya is inside Siberia bar so if you walk into a bar thinking you're in the wrong place, nope you are only feet away from deliciousness.  Anyone who likes Eastern European food must make a point to visit Kukhnya/Siberia.  You won't be disappointed.This place is amazing. The provide such amazing quality food at such a reasonable price. I never knew how much I loved beets until I had their Beet Burger (made vegan by asking for no goat cheese or mayo) and the beet salad. As a vegan, I can't try and attest to everything on their menu, but every friend I go with has mumbled into their sandwich that it is amazing-- they they can't even stop to say it without a full mouth should be an indicator! You can tell they put a lot of thought and work into the food and recipes, and that's hugely appreciated.
The menu is pretty big-- I hope that next time I go in there I can try something besides the two things I can't seem to get enough of (Beet Salad and Beet Burgers made vegan, holy crap so good!)
The price is right, the wait is rarely long, and it's nice to be able to enjoy such unique flavors and dishes. Yeah, the bar Siberia is usually pretty loud when I get in there, but it's nice to be able to smoke a cigarette, have a beer, enjoy the show for a few minutes (even if it's not your thing), and then leave with a prize!
Keep up the good work!Food was good. Especially since it's rare to find pierogies in New Orleans, I was pleased with this place. Now the atmosphere my seem a little skiddish but don't let it steer you away from some good eating.It might be helpful to distinguish between four and five stars, because I often feel the line might seem arbitrary. 
A four star place is the kind of place where I'm a regular. If I rank a place four stars, it's in my regular routine. I would be sad if it closed.
A five star review is the kind of place where I'd take someone from out of town. It's a phenomenon that deserves to have its story told. It's the kind of place I'll be telling my bored nephews and nieces about at a BBQ in ten years. 
Kukhnya is a five star place. 
It's where I brought my brother first when he visited New Orleans for the first time. Not because I thought it would be a  representative sample of New Orleans cuisine or because it was going to fulfill his expectations, but because I knew it was going to blow his mind. Kukhnya is something I could only imagine in New Orleans: a cheap slavic soul food place at the back of a crust-metal dive bar. 
On the evening I brought my brother from the airport, a noise-metal show was about to start, and so I swore to the bouncer "II won't listen to the music, I promise. I'm just here for the food." He understood and let us skip the cover. While waiting for a transcendent beet reuben and a delicious and substantial plate of pierogis, we giggled into our beers as the band did the most Dadaist soundcheck conceivable, walking from mic to mic and screaming precisely into each one, then electrifying their guitars with great careening arm-swings. 
Kukhnya has a bunch of great things on the menu: a great burger, the aforementioned beet reuben [and plenty of other veggie options for you people with a conscience], awesome pierogis, and Sunday specials that are so lovingly crafted, you would swear that your grandmother was both Ukranian and loved you more than she did.
My only caveat is that you want the head chef and proprietor working. When he's not around [bearded young guy often wearing a hat], the quality suffers a bit. It's his vision, and his dedication and genuine care shine through. Someday, he'll open a fancy restaurant and I'll be first in line [even if I'm a little sad I can't get incredible food for under ten bucks anymore].Amazing food.  All dishes prepared fresh.  A very clean kitchen.  The Ukrainian/polish cuisine is a nice change from all the cajan food.  The salad and burgers are good too.Yay. I'm a fan. Only first time eating here so I can't give a proper review, but what I had was just fine, and the price was just fine as well..  
Burger, fries. Good. 
Naked Golden DJ, priceless.
P.S. this is solely for Kuhnya. Siberia gets 5 stars.Kukhnya is my favorite bar food. It's filling and soaks up the alcohol, but it's not full of grease. I've tried the chicken paprikash with buttered egg noodles and asparagus, and it was a steal. It was very hearty comfort food and tasted fresh and homemade. I have also tried the pierogies, which are filling yet you don't feel gross after eating them, like you would if you ate a boat of cheese fries.
I tried a friend's beet burger and cabbage rolls. Pretty tasty! I have liked everything I tried so I will keep working my way down the menu.My Ukranian grandmother made food EXACTLY like this when I was growing up. One bite of my first meal from this place and I was instantly transported back to her place in upstate New York. Unlike my grandmother, however, you can only find Kukhnya (pronounced, "cook-nee-yah") at the back of a local dive bar by the name of Siberia. 
Service is generally pretty quick, and they do bring your meal out to you once you've paid for it at the window. There are a few tables, some seats at the bar, and a comfy bench in the place. There is also an ATM if you forgot to bring enough cash for your food. 
The menu is fairly simple, but everything is executed with care to a high standard. Service could be a little bit better, but for being in (literally) the back of a dark, excessively loud, dive bar, it's actually pretty good. Prices are very reasonable. Try a special if you're used to eastern european food already and want something exciting. Stick to the main menu if you're either unfamiliar with the choices or have a less ambitious stomach. 
Located half a block from the Elysian Fields/Saint Claude intersection, Siberia/Kukhnya is easy for just about anyone living in Saint Roch or the Marigny to find. 
Go for the Ukranian food, stay for a punk rock show.Salad and cheese blitz was amazing! My gf loved their borsch and Spinage and mushroom blintz. The Ukrainian cook was really nice as well. Great Ukrainian soul food for great price. Check it out! Highly recommend!!If you're looking for a fabulous burger, (not an overpriced junior burger like that place that serves baked potatoes on the side) this place is an absolute hidden gem! Serving authentic Slavic/Eastern European fare along with burgers, the menu has a nice assortment of items from which to choose. But as a burger lover I must say the Pub burger is really something special! Handmade and cooked to perfection, it is a generous size at a very reasonable price.Everything here is awesome.  My favorites are the Red Beet Reuben, Asparagus Salad, and the Beef Stroganoff.This place is awesome!  When I describe it as a random window in a bar serving Eastern European food in New Orleans, I get the strangest looks.  I'm a strict credit card points guy.  But the food is so good, this is one of the few cash only places I'll frequent.  And I try to come at least once every time I'm in New Orleans.
This was the first place I ever had Eastern European food a year or so ago.  Ever since that day, I've put this random window in a bar on St. Claude up against Russian places all over the country.  This place is normally just as good (or better) while half the cost.  This bar window has made me question if I should instead live in Eastern Europe.I really like the food here and it is certainly kicked up several notches in the flavor department from other Slavic restaurants I've eaten in.  They have a nice beef stroganoff, tasty pierogi, some of the best kapusta I've ever had along with a mighty mean burger.  I couldn't even finish my stroganoff it was such a large serving and I can eat a lot!  This is a great little spot and I will certainly be eating here often.  The only downside is that it is located inside Siberia so it isn't the most convenient place to eat if a popular band is jamming.I miss this place so much!! Puts all other 'bar food' to shame! Late hours, sizable menu, and totally reasonable prices. My favorite was always the beet burger. Make sure to tip your cooks and bartenders! They do a stellar jobGreat vegan/vegetarian options, full bar, cool vibe. 
Tuesdays are music open mics, but all the performers were excellent! I got the $8 beet burger (which isn't just a slice of beet, but a veggie burger made w beets & lentils). It was delicious! $3 pbr's and 8 cocktails. Menu is very veg friendly, $3 cheese blini, $7 vegetarian beer Reuben, $3 side of potato pierogi. Wasn't super busy on a Tuesday, which was nice: just full enough to be mellow and fun.Often times you must step out of your comfort zone to achieve greatness...
While "achieving greatness" may be slightly hyperbolic when describing the act of eating pierogies and beef stroganoff - I maintain the analogy is valid.
This string of consonants which I cannot pronounce represents easily the best Eastern European establishment I have found in the Crescent City. Actually, it may be the only. Facts aside, it is actually really quite good. Having lived in Chicago once and being fed by a significant other who has an Eastern European heritage, I have a decent reference point for this cuisine. I would say this place is decidedly above average. Not the most amazing, but certainly well executed. The stroganoff and pierogies were well executed, but the stroganoff sauce was a little thin and bland - this can be fixed. Perhaps it was a lack of vinegar. The service is friendly, and I suppose the dark interior of the Siberia bar is a fitting residence for this restaurant. 
Portions are huge, and it's a pretty excellent value- especially if you have been hopping along the clubs and bars on this stretch of St. Claude. 
Certainly worth the trip if you are scared off by the neighborhood. I think it would be pretty great if the restaurant takes off and they can open a spot of their own one day soon.Cheap, cheap, cheap. But oh so good. I'd recommend the Slavic sampler which includes perogies, kielbasa, pickled cabbage, and a cabbage rolled item filled with peas and ground meat, topped with a chunky tomato sauce. Kinda a dark, odd smelling place however.So good. Everything tastes super fresh and spot on flavors. Love the borscht and pickled veggies. All the burgers of course. And the kielbasa and cabbage. Really can't go wrong. Prices are incredibly cheap considering the quality. Always in the mood for this food!If you are scared of the neighborhood then stay home/at your hotel. If you actually live in New Orleans and know better,  are looking for more unusual and tasty bar food than the average place, and looking to catch a good rock show in the meantime, KUKHNYA is the best. 
I always go for the Omni-Reuben, it's got pickled beets on it. The side of egg noodles is buttery and good, and the grilled asparagus salad is to die for. I like to go when there's happy hour DJs spinning weird vinyl. There's usually only one or two people running the kitchen but somehow they always nail it.This place is amazing. Every time I hear of a new show coming up at Siberia my mouth starts watering like one of Pavlov's dogs. I honestly wish I could try everything on the menu, but when it comes down to it I can't stop myself from ordering that beet burger with goat cheese EVERY time. The fries with dill are the perfect accompaniment. When I'm not in the mood for a whole meal I can still get down with a cheese blini. They'll put any mixture of cheeses you want in it! 
Basically, food from the gods.i stopped by today and got the Russki burger...confirming it's place in the pantheon of good places to get a burger in New Orleans.  More people need to use onion buns...The food here is outta control good. Like go three times in a week good and still want more. They have an extensive menu with half the options being vegetarian friendly. They run a tight ship here and I love it, it's my favorite restaurant in the city.I will soon miss the old days at this place. The word is getting out about this hidden gem tucked away in Siberia, a local dive bar. And with  good reason,  the food is delicious, homemade and inexpensive.
The Black and Blue burger is currently my favorite burger in the city. It is topped with blue cheese, a brown sugar n blackened bacon jam, mixed greens and tomatoes on a kaiser bun. It beats all the hyped frontrunners in the nearby quarter, if you ask me.
They also have a lot of vegetarian items, and vegan stuff too. As someone who was raised vegetarian and loves veggies, it is so wonderful and refreshing to see a menu w veggie options that aren't tortured n stuffed with meat or smothered to death in a city where meat is seasoning. The pierogi and red beet rueben are so good I often get them. They also have great salads and the grilled asparugus is a steal.
I could go on and on. The things I order least are the  golumpki n polboys...all are great but its hard when I want it all.
Siberia is a local dive  bar with interesting programming including a trivia night, comedy and burlesque n lots  of live music. The atmosphere may not be world class but the food is top notch.
I love this place and Matt the Hats recipes have a lot of love in them. I am addicted and a regular.Red beet Reuben (incredible) and pierogies, as often as possible. Borscht is also solid, and meat-eating friends love the burger. The food and service is five stars, and I'm only giving four stars because I don't like having to get the food to go when there's a show with a cover (has Siberia changed this policy?). I understand why they do it but damn, sometimes I don't wanna be crouched in my car eating my delicious food in the dark.I've never eaten inside Siberia because they allow smoking in here, but I do enjoy my food to go. 
So far, I've had the beet burger, fries, ham and cheese crepe, cheese perogis, and the beet salad. They were all delicious comfort food and I plan on coming back many times. And its affordable too!This place was so yummy and had lots of vegetables!  The sampler platter and the beef stroganoff were my favorites. The borscht wasn't amazing but everything else was delicious! 
FYI you have to order at the window before going to sit in the back. If you just want to eat, just tell the bouncer at the door and they'll let you go through.Authentic Russian/Eastern European food.  The pierogis were awesome!  This is a must visit every time we come in town!I'm originally from Pittsburgh, which has a large Polish population, so I grew up eating the cuisine. I was a little leery of trying this place out, because I was thinking I might be disappointed. Boy, was I wrong. This place is seriously legit! I tried the beef stroganoff, pierogi, and an apple blini (a succulent crepe filled with spiced apples, almonds, and goat cheese) and all were stellar. The vibe of the bar (Siberia) where this place resides was dark and intimidating, which I personally liked. I'll definitely be back on my next visit to NOLA.The Ham and Cheese Blini hit the spot, and I felt like that could be its own meal! I loved the hell out of the Russki Burger as well! Mushrooms, Spinach, Cheddar and Swiss, oh my! Never underestimate the power of Russian dressing and an onion bun, my friends. I've got my eye on the Polski Melt, and I PRAY that one day you'll have Pelmeni.By no means am I a Polish food connoisseur, but I think anyone with undamaged taste buds would agree that the food here is delicious. Don't expect full service. You walk up to a face in a window, place your order, and wait in the bar until it's ready. The cook and bartender were extremely friendly. The atmosphere is super laid back. My food cost $9.50. They have cheaper (and more expensive) options. I got The Sampler: pierogi, golubtsi, kielbasa, kapusta, and papushki. Really heavy and filling. Now I know why it's called "Slavic soul food." My new favorite place to eat.It took me a while to try this place and I wish it hadn't. Beet burger was the best veggie burger I've EVER had outside of my own kitchen. Not at all soggy or bland like the crap on a bun most places give you as punishment for not eating meat. Crispy, flavorful but not salty and RAD!  Fries were fantastic with a little bit of fresh dill sprinkled on. My husband had the non-veggie burger and he said it was awesome as well. They have alot of other things besides burgers ( blinis, pierogi etc.) and I cant wait to try more!! Thanks for existing guys!Last night, we ordered the Omni Reuben. "The best %#*@&$ sandwich--!" 
Perfectly toasted rye, and ... beets, yes, beets. 
$9 sandwich, 10-minuet wait. Well worth it! 
"If I had to wait an hour for that sandwich," my husband says, "I'd do it with a smile on my face."Now I'll start off by saying that the food here is pretty good and pretty cheap, and Siberia as a dive is pretty awesome, but as a Russian, this place is pretty much a joke. I can almost guarantee that no one involved in this operation is Russian, as no Russian in their right mind would allow a mangling as horrible as "cook-nee-ya" to stand. The word means kitchen and is an extremely simple word. Their neon sign is right, though, koo-h-nya. Also, the recipe to make something Russian isn't to add beets and "russian" dressing to it. This is basically the equivalent of me, a white dude, opening up a chicken-fried watermelon chitlins stand and calling it a black soul food joint. 
A Russian place without cutleta, shashlik, shwarma, lula-kebab or even pelmeni? Yeah fucking right.Oh m G. My balls are hanging lower because I just ate a sumptuous meal at the Siberia Kitchen pronounced 
(cook-Nee-ya) spelled kukhnya
Slavic food with altitude. 
We Hit AllWays lounge for comedia nd supped at Siberia. A 5+ star Saturday night. Yes!!!Forgive me Yelp...it's been 4 months since my last confession:
i had the chicken paprikash today (it's the Saturday special) and it was everything i hoped it could be.
i've been trying to go to Siberia more during the day because i live in the neighborhood and i feel sorry for them losing their band privileges...and the food is a damn good reason to go.  i've been a fan of this guy since his pop-up days.  The chicken was expertly cooked...a good chicken quarter should just fall off the bone and this was perfect.
Food goes from 5 pm until midnight.A Slavic soul food kitchen in the back of a music venue isn't the most obvious place to find some of the city's best new food, but venture to the back of Siberia to the serving hatch and your curiosity will be met with the town's best kept secret. Chef Matt Ribachonek has this food in his blood, and if you ever want to experience what one man can do with beats, then I urge you to eat here - the beat burger is a near-religious experience. As well as this, you have peirogi and east-European takes on local classics, such as the Pol-boy, a Polish version of the famed sandwich. Cheap. Tasty as all heck. Not to be missed.The Omni Rueben is incredible and filled with so much flavor. The beets and the saur kraut make this sandwich to die for.Everything I've had here has been stellar. They catered my friend's wedding, which was a big hit. The only better beef stroganoff I've had is my Russian grandfather's recipe. I wish I lived closer so I could go get blinis whenever I wanted.Amazing!!!!!! Authentic polish food in a cute setting. Love the layout of the bar. And the drinks really blew me away. The setting is casual but the craft cocktails are fancy and affordable. I loved my pierogis and would go back for more. My husband's meat platter was really good. I tried some of the pork and thought it was perfectly cooked. Next time I go, I want to try the beef stroganoff, one of my favorite dishes.I didn't come to New Orleans for Slavic food but am sure glad I decided to drop by Siberia for some.
The beef stroganoff was fantastic. Even better than the one I had in the Midwest! Egg noodles were perfectly cooked and the sauce was delicious. Definitely cooked to order. Must-try.
I recommend trying this place out. It's basically right next to the St. Charles Streetcar and would be a perfect late night cap meal if you're working your way down and out of Frenchmen Street!Just last January, I took the pretty standard alliteration vacation...a week in Pittsburgh for pinball and pierogies. Got the high score on an Addams family machine, but thats not what my friends back here in New Orleans wanted...they wanted pierogies brought back, and lots of them. Before I went to the airport (and after one last game of Dr Who) I grabbed a few dozen frozen and came back home a hero. Even with my vile personality, I was the bringer of pierogies, a hero in a non-slav city like this.
Should that story take place today, nobody would give a crap about me, my arrival, or the pierogies. The city has changed...pierogies are here, and they are good. No great...
Pretty much everything on the menu is actually. As someone who eats every reuben I can find, I never even had theirs, cause of that ridiculously awesome beet reuben they serve. Im over 40, Ive never ordered a beet sandwich my whole life, and never thought I would since there's no meat in beets, but the beet reuben and beet burger are just too good. The spiced apple salad and some pierogies, and what do you know, the healthiest food I ever eat is Slavic...whoever said that before. Of course the unhealthy stuff there is better, but stil...
Really cheap, great folks running it, and as unfortunately Siberia (where they are located) is temporarily without music, the upside is easy bar eating. This place should always be crowded...along with Killer Poboys, my favorite cheap neighborhood food in the city.The food is always amazing here. My favorite is the beet burger. The servers have always been consistently helpful.Darkly charming. Delicious food. Super chill atmosphere with a quirky, offbeat vibe. It's a great respite from the other more touristy streets in the city. Try the pierogi and hot toddy.Kukhnya is an amazing restaurant that deserves a sixth star. Nola is stocked with lots of high-end and low-end choices. Kuknya is one of those spots that is far better than low-end, but which hasn't yet figured out that it could charge way more because the food is so good. The menu is packed with great stuff. I could eat here ten times in a row and not get tired of it.I hesitate to write this review. It's that situation where you fear the word getting out about your favorite, secret food location - because everyone might just figure it out. Maybe the locale will keep them at arm's length? Truth is, this is an area outside of The Quarter that's likely just as safe as being in The Quarter, but this is where the local scene is emerging and taking hold. 
Tucked away in the back of Siberia, this small kitchen makes the best food I have had in New Orleans, hands down. I've not tasted a better burger, or veggie (beet) burger, ever! I look forward all day to concerts at Siberia, and half of the reason for my excitement is the food at Kukhyna. All of the food is fresh, cooked to perfection, and served by a friendly staff. There is a non-smoking area at the back of Siberia if you prefer, but it's awesome to enjoy your meal during a show as well.
Pick up orders are available, and necessary if there's a cover that night, unless you pay for the show.