Wonderful food and service! Crab bisque was so good! Bread pudding was amazing! Highly recommend. This restaurant.Service was nice but slow (we were 1st or 2nd diners at 6pm on a Saturday, so it wasn't crowded), sweetbreads were interesting, rack of lamb great, rabbit dry and not good, white chocolate bread pudding was amazing.Came here because hubby and I wanted to try a nice French restaurant, and this place had bouillabaisse. However, I actually ended up trying the venison instead since I never get to have that either. 
Appetizer: crawfish crepes, delicious. A bit heavy.
Entrees: venison, cooked perfectly although would've benefited from some salt. Chicken entree was also nicely done with a good sauce. 
Service wonderful, very friendly, and patient (we had a loud drunk at the next table). Good atmosphere. Obviously expensive.My wife and I stumbled upon this little bistro on Chop.  It's beautifully decorated and lighted in a romantic way.  The menu was diverse, offering seafood, chops, lamb, steaks and salads.  I had the grouper over Cajun potatoes and my wife had the crawfish & cream-cheese crape and midi salad. The food was incredible! The servings were large and plated appealingly.  Price was very affordable (we were worried since the prices were not showing on the menu posted outside the door).  Dinner for two with wine ran about $70.  Compared to other spots this would be on the lower end price point for comparable finer dining establishments in the area. We HIGHLY recommend!!!Off the beaten path but well worth the short walk from the French Quarter for this amazing bistro's food!   Shrimp Absinthe starter was absolutely superb, and all the entrees ordered by our party of eight were outstanding.  Everyone  loved their food and the service by waiter Ken was very good and very helpful.   
Tomas Bistro is an elegant, handsome place with lovely atmosphere, excellent service, and wonderful interpretations of New Orleans classics.  Highly recommend.Decent but forgettable. BBQ oyster appetizer was good. I got the "Veal Oscar" that the server told me was loaded with crabmeat, their were maybe 3 slivers of crab meat I could find. My date got the rack of lamb which I found to taste awful but maybe  it's because it was lamb and it had that very strong "wild" taste. Can't even remember the dessert. Usually when I go out to eat I get a to-go box because I can't eat it all, but even with appetizer, entree and dessert I wasn't full. My entree portion just seemed really small. We had the groupon special. If I would have paid full price I would have been upset.So great to find a classic French bistro in a city where most chefs are scrambling to make their own treads, reinvent something, bring something new to the table, yadda yadda yadda.  This guy knows his classical technique and isn't afraid to apply it to traditional fare.  The boullabaise was exceptional, the sweetbreads were the best I've had in this city (sorry, Susan Spicer, Bayonna's just got knocked off the top of that short list), and the venison loin skipped on my tongue and into my dreams for days thereafter.  Monsiuer Pamplemousse would give this place three stockpots.My favorite restaurant!  I recommend the Duck, Tournedos, Fish Special of The Day - Chef Guy is the only chef that makes fin fish I will eat.  The Gumbo is outstanding - and the desserts are incredible!Tuna steak, duck Julia, white chocolate bread pudding. amaretto sour and specialty Manhattan. All wonderful!My wife and I have come here twice. Both times we used a Groupon and were treated exceedingly well. You know how some wait staff act like you just blew snot on them when you mention Groupon? None of that here! Our waiters, Joe (some time ago) and Joseph (quite recently) were consummate professionals - very informative and quite helpful with their suggestions (even the ones we didn't take). 
The ambience here is great - perfect for a romantic dinner for two. The food is great. I would make a specific suggestion, but I suspect every item on the menu is a winner. We will likely return here on every visit to New Orleans.It was ok. Really can't say more than that .  My husband had the duck which was pretty good but all In all I wasn't impressed with the food. Way to much vinegary salad dressing on the salad (get it on the side ) The service was adequate. However I will say the ambiance was lovely .  If you were trying to get into Emerils across the street and end up here you will probably be disappointed. Don't get the bouillabaisse. Get the duck ...We got the pleasure of finding this place through an incredible Groupon deal. We had a shrimp appetizer in the most creamy, delicious sauce! Then we had the red fish and veal as entrees, both incredible! We both literally cleaned our plates! The sauces were buttery and so well seasoned, they really brought the meats to a whole new level! Then we had a dessert of chocolate cake that was so soft and creamy in the middle! Delish!!
The atmosphere in the restaurant is awesome. Low lighting and beautiful decor really add to the romantic feel of the place. It was heaven from start to finish! By far one of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time! If you can, stop in for a meal here. And if you see that Groupon deal, grab it!!A good place for a romantic date. Food is good, from mussels and goat crepe to steak and fish to chocolate flourless cake. Service was spotty.Five stars! My husband and I went out with friends for a date night at Tomas Bistro and had an amazing experience. Our waiter was attentive and helpful. Go eat here!!! Also - I recommend the scallops appetizer.We had a groupon which meant we got a 3 course meal. We ended up purchasing a delcious chardanay as well. This place is very romantic. Maybe a mash between Italian ambience with French cuisine? The music playing is maybe from the 1950's and it was Italian music, which I loved. We had the shrimp app which was perfectly cooked. Then I had the catfish which was very light and crispy. My hubby had the duck which I thought was just ok. And the bread pudding was pretty yummy. The staff and ambience made the restaurant more so than the food. Joseph waited on our every need. And Neeil was just as great. I will be back.Love this place. Very old school French fine dining. Romantic place, darkly lit. Venison is delicious, as is most everything else. It seems they go through wait staff regularly though.Great atmosphere. Wonderful meal, the chef came to the table and spoke to us and offered to show us the kitchen. Very confident and has every right to be. 
This food is well prepared with great flavors. 
Perfect bite over and over! 
Great staff, very friendly and on point for service.
What a treasure!I found myself at Tomas Bistro thanks to Groupon, I'm such a sucker.  My friend and I ordered the crawfish and goat cheese crepes which were ok but nothing to write home about.  Although I'd normally go for the vegetarian meal (which they have) I decided to go with the rack of lamb.  It was made just right and the potatoes and sauce were tasty.  
We tried the chocolate dessert and the bread pudding.  My vote goes with the bread pudding because it was very bready/thick/french toast like (which I looove).  Although I thought the dessert was great I wasn't blown away by the meal.  The service was excellent and I liked the romantic feel of the restaurant.A very convenient location because they have valet parking. Pleasant ambiance. They have really good background music, jazz, Edith Piaf, Etc. Good volume. Very good service people. But restaurant was not crowded on. Thursday night. Tasty bread. Nice wine selection. Very good classic New Orleans menu with their own twist. Scallops, oysters, turtle soup and salad were tasty. They need to improve on their New York strip steak for $36. This was not a very good steak, and the sauce that it was presented with was was too salty.Food is absolutely delicious and our waitress was great! We have become quite regulars there.  I feel like this place is sort of a hidden gem of the CBD area.  I have been here quite a few times now, and the dishes that I have tried so far are all good.  They have the best White Chocolate Bread Pudding in town, in my opinion.  The reason that I waited so long to write a review of this place is because in the past, the service was "so so", but in our most recent visit, our waitress, Kim, was just great!!!!What a great find in the warehouse district. The food and service were outstanding, and the ambiance has a lovely New Orleans romantic French vibe. Our server Neel made wonderful recommendations for food and wine and the graciously offered to take us on a tour of the entire restaurant- which is large, but somehow manages to keep an intimate feel. The artwork is beautiful- a lot of French Impressionism, so much so, you feel like you are in a museum! Back to the food - I loved the crayfish and goat cheese crepes! Thanks for a wonderful dining experience!  And order the bread pudding with Maker's Mark caramel sauce!never again.  crap!!! food not worth the price!!!!  weird server, who seemed to go out of his way to make everyone at the table feel uncomfortable.  i cannot believe what they charge for the crap they sell!!  not a cheapskate, i'd just rather spend 200$ at restaurant patois, where i know i won't be disappointed.  every yelp review about this restaurant is completely wrong.  go to patois, or lilette.  unless you have a serious coupon, this place is an absolute disappointment!!!  i literally made my yelp account, just to warn all of you about how disappointed you will be!!!!We came here at 8:30pm and the restaurant was almost empty. Even though there was hardly anyone there, service was very slow. Took 10 minutes to come back to get our drink order. The most memorable part of dinner was the bread and butter, which was delish! Scallops were overly salty and the oysters were just ok. My bf enjoyed the bison steak special. I on the other hand should of skipped out on the gulf fish.Great ambience and our waiter Anthony was very informative!! The Gumbo Ya Ya was way better than Emeril's gumbo, and the Catfish and Grits are delicious! Light and well served with a green onion broth with sprinkles of crumbled Tasso ham!I bought a groupon for this restaurant a couple months ago knowing I was coming to New Orleans for a convention. We were there last week and surprisingly it was across the street and down one block from our hotel. We ordered the Crawfish and Goat Cheese Crepes. I never had crawfish before, but they were yummy! For a main course I ordered Rack of Lamb and my friend had a Filet Mignon. She said her filet was the best she'd ever had. My rack of lamb was everything I hoped it would be and a very large serving. We ordered desserts to split, a creme brulee with blueberries and Profiterales au Chocolat. Both were to die for. No negatives here. Everything was excellent!Everything was Delicious!
Scallops were unreal!
Crab and Brie soup was delectable!
Crab Au Gratin was out of this world!
The service was superb and the drinks were refreshing!
Don't skip this place! You will not regret it!Amazing restaurant. Everything we had exceeded our expectations. It's a bit on the expensive side but you get what you pay for. The service was great. The atmosphere is romantic so it was perfect for a date night. We'll definitely be back.The food had nice flavors BUT a few of the items were a bit too salty for my taste, as well as a couple of my friends with me during dinner. My favorites were the hen with au jus and the mussels, but again these could've had less salt in the cooking. Staff was very professional and friendly. It would be nice to have more of a trendy vibe because it was so quiet in the dining room but overall everything was pleasant and enjoyable... Oh, their Italian bread was so yummy!Just returned from dinner at Tomas Bistro and had to get online to post how totally delicious and Frenchly fantastique it was.  Bought a Groupon for this restaurant before our trip here & so glad we did!  Started with the crawdad and goat cheese crepe...divine.   I had the soft shell crab special...such buttery delicious goodness.  My hubby had the duck dish...prepared two ways.  Duck confit and medium rare duck breast cooked to perfection.  Ended with flour less chocolate cake.  Hallelujah!  Beautiful decor...so charming and no details spared in giving it the French bistro feel.  Nice and attentive wait staff.  Highly recommended!Excellent food and ambience. The service was terrific. Food delivery was slow, and our team grew a little anxious. The food seemed worth the wait though. Dessert was a highlight. I chose the Opera cake and was delighted. Everyone was happy with their selections. Definitely worth a return trip.This. Was. Amazing.....
Started with the goat cheese and crawfish crepes. That is something I will never forget and will be missing in Chicago. 
Get a sazerac while your here because their bartenders know whats up.
I will be back as soon as I step foot in NOLA again.Premium Priced Good Food and Atmosphere
A group of us visited this place Saturday evening as my wife had a Groupon. It was a total of 5 of us. Very nice atmosphere and service was fast and prompt with smiling faces. The Italian homemade seeded bread was excellent in flavor with crispy outside crust served hot. This review is on my specific dish, though the others were quite pleased with their dishes. I ordered the Duck Julia Roasted Breast of Moulard Duck and Confit Leg, Traditional Wild Rice, Swiss Chard, Raspberry Fig Sauce. The fig raspberry sauce was tasty, but the duck seemed to have been refrigerated and warmed, having less than a fresh prepared taste. The greens and wild rice were pleasing. The wife had the Gulf Grouper Cardinal Creole Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus, Crawfish Beurre Blanc. She said it was delicious and it appeared to look wonderful. Another favorable mentioned by one of our other guest was Bouillabaisse Marseilles Saffron enhanced Shrimp Soup with Mussels, Shrimp, Lobster,Fresh Gulf Fish, Roasted Garlic Rouille Crouton.I went with a Groupon in hand with my wife.  We shared the BBQ oyster appetizer, I had the duck and we shared the flourless chocolate cake.  It was all pretty good.  I think I have had better around town so I don't know if I would come back.  I was grateful for the Groupon and if you pick one up it's worth checking out.  You might try some other dishes and find you are a fan.  The drinks were really good.
I liked the oysters.  They're fried and on top of an interesting and slightly creamy Abita BBQ sauce that doesn't really remind me of traditional New Orleans BBQ.  I liked them.  The duck dish was ok.  They sliced the breast in a really sloppy way.  I didn't love the wild rice but did like the greens.  The wild rice didn't have that earthy taste anymore, it was a bit washed out and I couldn't place the add-ins that were, for me, detracting.  It was a generous portion that included a 1/4 leg confit and I appreciated it.  It was a good dish.  
The desert was good.  Good quality Valrhona chocolate makes it hard to go wrong.  It was executed ok and was a decent example of this pretty tired desert.  The coffee wasn't good.  Hard to find bad coffee in New Orleans.  It was decaf but I don't have any trouble finding great decaf here until now.  
I like this place.  I was happy with the service.  It just left me a little flat overall.The first time I went to Tomas I was draw by a marketing coupon from Groupon my wife bought for my birthday and for us to try it out. It was While Linen Night, very festive, except the it was the only day the coupon wouldn't work. :-(  Wifee was upset but we stayed anyway. 
Staff: 3 stars. The hostess was somewhat nice but lacked a bit of genuineness. The waiter  was ok, but it was a very busy night so I had to cut her some slack.
Food: 2 stars. I ordered the Redfish and it has a very wierd taste to it. It was missing something but I couldn't put my finger on it. My wife had Drum and it too had a strange taste to it. I credit the poor food prep and cooking to a very overcrowed dining room.
The second time we went it was a bit different, but the staff and food rating were flipped.
Staff: 2 stars. The (different) hostess was very nice and made us feel very comfortable. The waiter started off fantastic but soon waned after he had another table to attend to. In the middle of our meal he completely forgot about us. I had 3 other waiters help me get the service I needed and even check me out. Sad. And it wasn't even a busy night. Tues.
Food: 4 stars. I ordered Duck and it was fantastic. It had this raspberry sauce on it that was awesome and the presentation was great. My wife has veal and it too was fantastic, tender and flavorful. Two great meals. 
Overall, 3 stars. Between the first and second visit, I give it 3 stars. The food was bad the first time and the service was bad the second time. The atmosphere was good, but very cold temperature. Wifee was freezing. Bring a sweater ladies.  I have no idea why the waiter left us hanging for 20 minutes after we got there. Then I was in a hurry to leave and it took another 30 minutes to get through out meal, desert and check out. I was so pissed. It's a mixed bag for me. I probably won't go again. Oh, BTW, expensive. For an appetizer, 2 entrees, 2 drinks (non-alcohol), and a desert: $92.50. The Groupon took care of it though. And now that I think about it, for $92 for hit or miss service/food quality, I know I won't be going again.Very disappointing for a fine dining experience in New Orleans, and especially for their full pricing.  We went with a Groupon, and upon presenting it to our waiter, he told us: "Isn't this a great deal? Otherwise YOU wouldn't be here, would you?"  Perhaps he meant as a harmless comment, but it definitely felt like a dig (we were appropriately dressed young professionals).  Our waiter was odd for the rest of the night--not there when we needed something, but inexplicably standing over us and watching us eat every now and then.  We watched the hostess disappear from the front from time to time, and a few patrons ended up standing at the door for way too long without being acknowledged by anyone.
The food was very salty...crab au gratin was nothing special, and duck breast and lamb we ordered were both RARE ("The chef recommends medium-rare," as vehemently and repeatedly stated by our waiter when first asked for medium).  Based on the way things were going, we decided just to bring most of it home to finish cooking it ourselves rather than engage in another conversation with the waiter.  The saving grace of our dishes were really the vegetables.
For dessert, the creme brûlée cannoli had a very strong burnt flavor to them and we couldn't eat them.  
With all the amazing restaurants in New Orleans, I would not recommend spending your money here.Amazing!  James, our waiter, was most attentive to our needs and enhanced the experience triple fold.  The music and decor made me believe I was in Paris (at least how I would imagine Paris to be)! Thanks to my fellow Yelp reviewers for the marvelous recommendation.   The food was outstanding!!!!!!!!!Came here on a friday night date night based on other yelp reviews. The atmosphere reminded me of an Italian restaurant in Little Italy. Dimmed lighting, small intimate round tables. Seemed quaint though the space was rather large. My guy had the gumbo which he loved and I had the bisque which was very rich but not overwhelming. I had the venison for my entree and it was kind of bland. My side items tasted better. He had the steak which he thought was good but we were more impressed with our apps. The service was exceptional. Our waiter Joseph was attentive and very kind. We would come again.Five star experience all the way! The interior was warm and inviting. Our server, George, was attentive and cordial. The food was excellent. I had the Duck Julia and my wife had the fish special of the day. Both dishes were well executed and served in generous portion. This was the best meal experience we had during our recent visit to NOLA.I got a groupon to this restaurant on a vacation to New Orleans.  The food was okay, but I would not recommend it if it weren't for the groupon.
We started with some pretty good bread, must be home-made, and the wine list was pretty extensive.  A couple good things to an overall lackluster meal.
My girlfriend ordered a creole gumbo and I believe I had the short-ribs or something to that extent.  It was a couple weeks ago, and I can't remember the meal, to me that is a rarity.  It was good, nothing out of this world though.
The dessert, however, was great- praline cheesecake.  Pretty dang good, but really cheesecake factory is better, so nothing better than what a big box restaurant can produce.
3.5 stars overall.Great for date night
Date night for my wife's pre-birthday trip to New Orleans.  Good ambience, superior service and superb food.  Baked Rock bass followed a great crab cake appetizer.  My wife had the lamb and was very satisfied.  The location is convient to the hotel's on the French Quarter though they may actually be considered part of the warehouse district.  Love it!Tomas Bistro is good, VERY good!  We had Christmas Eve reservations at 5:45, 15 minutes after they opened. We were two minutes late and the restaurant already had a nice crowd.  This is when we experienced the one bad situation at Tomas Bistro.  With many open tables, we were seated by the hostess at a two-topper that was very small in space, partially due to the individual who was seated in the accompanying table at an angle next to ours.  The only way I could sit in the table without making the accompanying diner move was to move my chair out partially into the walkway which would make it difficult for the wait-people.  
We were quite surprised to be seated like that and probably should have said something,  but we are quite passive.  Our waiter, Ian, came over and said "you can't sit here, let's find another table".  He moved us to a two topper that had ample space around it.  Ian immediately was high on our list!  As the night progressed, we saw what Ian meant as the Bistro was very well-staffed, obviously anticipating a very busy evening.
We ordered two appetizers, the scallops and the goat cheese and crawdad crepes.  We were shocked how good they were.  
We had a bottle of wine.  Surprise, we weren't taken advantage by outrageous pricing!  
Our entree that we split, which we were NOT charged an extra fee for splitting an entree, was fantastic (the pecan-crusted drum).  
I am not a bread l eater, but what was served was tremendous.  Ian, our waiter, brought us a second basket without us requesting such.  
We lived in Las Vegas for many years.  We ate at some of the best establishments in the world.  Tomas Bistro was just as good as any we have dined at.  Ian, our waiter, was better than most of the servers we have experienced over the years, definitely top 5!  
We split the pecan-crusted drum, no additional charge!  (Way to go Tomas Bistro!)  The appetizers were fantastic, would love to get them again at the bar.  We got the daily dessert special, mainly because you wanted to get one last taste of what Tomas had to offer.  We were not disappointed.  
This has to be said as I worked as a waitperson many years ago and experienced how many people treat service industry workers.  Besides Ian being a great server, the entire restaurant staff was exceptional.  Our water glasses never went below half-full.  Nobody tired to rush us by grabbing our plate when it looked like we were finished, even on a very busy night.  The management has done a great job. 
It was a fantastic experience at reasonable prices, especially considering the quality of the food.  In a city with great eating establishments, Tomas Bistro is our new favorite New Orleans restaurant.  Great job by everyone!We arrived at Tomas Bistro at about 5:30pm (since we had someplace to go afterwards). We had made a reservation in advance so we had no issues getting a free table but despite the fact that the restaurant has just opened, it was empty anyways. There was only one other table when we got there and only a handful of tables were there when we left at about 7:30pm. 
The ambiance is pretty much grandma's rustic dungeon. The only thing missing were doilies on the table but that was reflected in the window curtains anyways. I am probably not really in their age demographic so that was not much of a bother. What irked me was the darkness of the restaurant and it would have annoyed me more had I not been seated by a window.
The service was typical French; proper and uniformed. Service was good. Our server was knowledgeable and personable and more importantly, water remained filled. It really isn't a big deal but my OCD had me wondering why crumbs weren't removed from the table especially considering the type of service they appear to offer.
The drinks were good. I had a glass of Prosecco but my fiancé (I always say boyfriend and am struggling to get used to that) had not one but two Rum Punches. It had the right balance, although I will say the orange juice stood out. Still, it was tasty and refreshing. It was not particularly boozy to taste, but had the desired intoxicating effect. 
We started with the Crabmeat Pontchartrain. I get so excited when I have a dish with crabmeat and it actually has crabmeat. The avocado was fresh and the flavor was on point I was just a little salty that the portion was so small and I had to share.
After eating such amazing Rack of Lamb at a different restaurant, this one just didn't deliver (not to say it was bad). It came with Tomato Provencal and that didn't help its case. It was very mushy and kind of gross. 
The Rabbit Au Poivre was tasty, I'll give them that. It just could have been slightly more tender but had a lot of flavor. The problem was the sauce on top. It was too thick and I don't want to say it but was similar to something I'd expect from a mix (which at their prices I hope wasn't).
We finished the meal with the Maricabo Warm Flourless Chocolate Torte. I will put it this way, if you have a chocolate craving you will be satisfied. 
The food was overpriced and at those prices the food just does not seem as enjoyable as it should be. With so many restaurant choices in New Orleans you can definitely find someplace better to eat. It is by no means terrible just not a place I would ever tell someone to go to.One of the worst restaurants I've been to in a long time. I know that it was Christmas Eve, but no excuse for the multiple miscues and failings. First off, bread was hard and cold. Next waiter forgot drinks for one in our party and had to be reminded more than once. Food was fair to inedible (how can you mess up grits??). Out of 5 entrees only one person liked their entre (it was a steak).   Long long wait between app and entree. Something must have been going on because for a time lasting about 10 minutes there was no food being served to anyone in the dining room, scarce waiters, changing bus boys etc.  On our way out, after paying an overpriced bill for substandard food, a MOUSE ran across the length of the dining room. I know that many restaurants deal with mice,  but as a patron I find it unsettling to say the leastOne of my favorite Nola restaurants. Deserves a 6th star. Waitstaff and food off the chart perfection. Fish tasted like it was caught an hour before being plated.Okay, was really looking forward to this experience on our last night in NOLA. What a disappointment. Upon arrival at around 7:30, the place was almost empty, not hardly a soul. It is, indeed, a beautiful establishment and has a very romantic setting - a large place too, but doesn't feel that way. Server arrived quickly and reviewed the specials. Started with bottle of wine, seared scallops and the crawfish/goatcheese crepes appetizers. On paper, they sound delicious - in reality, the sauces on both were uninspired and very salty, not enhancing and definitely detracting from the taste of what "could & should" have been. I had the venison, which really could have been any meat at that point as it tasted, well, like nothing - or maybe just an unseasoned piece of something with some type of bland sauce to help choke it down. I expected more, and have done better with venison myself. Spouse had the fish special which was baked fish with something similar to the sauce on the appetizer - again, over-salted and mushy. 
Hate to be so harsh, but as a very seasoned traveler, extensively both domestically and overseas, so I do have a fairly knowledgeable grasp and understanding of the culinary world and a fairly experienced palate. That being said, the service was still very good and the server very gracious. I'm sad that our dining experience was mediocre at best, especially on our last night. I was hoping for an experience that would be as memorable as our vacation was.My bf and I had a very lovely, quiet dinner here a couple nights ago. We had been wanting to try, so I purchased a Groupon, and the experience did not disappoint. The interior is historically beautiful and bigger than I imagined. Our server was very attentive and helpful through the ordering process. 
We ordered the veal sweetbreads for our app- I personally am usually not a huge sweetbread fan, but these were amazing with the sauce they're served in.  I had the chicken pontalba entree and my bf had the Venison Short Loin Geniévre, both were delicious. For dessert, we shared the white chocolate bread pudding, which was so delicious!! 
Great atmosphere, excellent service, and amazing food: will definitely return.Let me just say, this was a great choice in a city full of restaurants in walking distance in the French Quarter we decided to go off the beaten path tonight and made our way here. Food and service was outstanding. We had the Crab  A Gratin and frog legs for apps and lamb chops and soft shell crab for dinner and can you say " Georgia Peach Cobbler with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream"   Sommer was our server and she did a wonderful job.. very attentive and helpful in our choices... definitely be back to this establishment.Tomas Bistro hosted our rehearsal dinner in March 2017 & I can't begin to tell you what an incredible job they did.  They went above & beyond to make our night super special.....along with their fantastic food.  I highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend them for just dinner or hosting a special event.I was in New Orleans for a work conference. I needed to arrange a large dinner and lots of things were booked but I finally settled on this place without every going inside.  Emily, the sales manager was extraordinary helpful in arranging all of this!
First of all, the back room is just exquisite. It's beautifully decorated with comfortable couches and great lighting, wood work, etc. Everyone commented on the decor and were happy to enjoy their cocktails in the seating back there.  The restaurant itself is also beautiful and although the bar is small, it's a spacious area.
Before we all got seated, I sat at the bar and ordered a "Perfect Margarita." Can I tell you that this is the most dangerous thing I've ever had? It was literally PERFECT. Freshly squeezed EVERY single juice right in front of me and there was so much alcohol in there that I couldn't even taste any of it. Totally dangerous.  I had 4................. lol. Anyway, make sure to order one (or 4)!!!
There was a preset menu - I picked a chowder, a salad, either crabmeat over linguini or a chicken dish. Dessert was (from what I heard) a not-so-ordinary flan that was delicious. In fact, everyone kept complimenting me on my choices and the menu. Even the bread on the table was delicious.  The menus were printed on card stock and set on each individual plate. Very fancy! 
Service was impeccable. They were very attentive, on point and kind. Glasses were always filled and, I swear, I think my napkin was still midair about to fall when one of them came and swooped it up! 
Now, what did I eat? Well, I mentioned to the booking agent that I was vegan and could the chef perhaps prepare something? She said she'd take care of it. When I got there, THEYD PRINTED MY VERY OWN SEPARATE MENU!!!! Omg!!!!! On it's own card stock!!! I had a completely different but equally delicious meal of marinated tomatos, salad, some kind of roasted vegetables and I'll take a picture when I get home. Everything was amazing. They were incredibly accommodating and we had such an amazing time thanks to them.
I'd truly recommend booking a large party through them or just going there for dinner. The food and service were on point and my boss and the attendees couldn't have been happier. We had a fabulous time!First night in New Orleans didn't know where to go.   Found Tomas Bistro on Groupon. So glad i did! The food, service and our waiter Joseph were superb! The food was amazing! Definitely will recommend it and go back again. Thank you Joseph for a wonderful dining experience.Good fine dining menu options. They offer crawfish and goat cheese crepes like Muriel's, but they are not quite as good, but overall tasty. I had a filet with lump crabmeat and crawfish potatoes for the main entree. I would have given this place 4 stars if only my meal was HOT! I sent  my plate back asking it to be re-heated to only get a reallllly hot plate with the same temperature food. I was really disappointed. The food was flavorful and would have been so good had it been the right temperature. I would like to give this place another try. The ambiance is nice and the prices are high like fine dining, but it's missing that fine dining service. The wait staff was fine, but you don't get the whole fine dining feel from this place.This was by far our best meal in New Orleans.  The Crab Au Gratin appetizer was so good I would have licked the dish if there had not been extra bread.  I had the Rack of Lamb for my entree.  It was amazing.  Seared to perfection with a crisp that never hinted of burnt.  The meat was so juicy and tender it melted off the bone.  The sauce and mashed potatoes were an incredible complement to the Lamb.  My beautiful bride had the Grouper with Crawfish Brûlée.  It was so good and flavorful, I could not help but steal from her plate. For desert we shared the Bread Pudding.  It was like no other!  I'm not sure I could find the words to do it justice.  Kim, our server, did a masterful job of walking us through the menu and suggesting food based on our preferences.  Thank you!!!Good ambiance for a nice dinner. I was worried when I  read the menu as it all seemed a little pretentious. Everything we had was delicious, but the Riesling was pretty cheap tasting for a glass that cost $8.50. Had the carpetbagger steak, gulf fish (red fish) with asparagus and crawfish. For dessert was a pecan praline cheesecake. Great service. A bit pricey.Tomas is very beautiful and has that old NOLA charm. Amazing food and great service! Eddie the server is very knowledgeable and a gem for giving us suggestions! Giuseppe the bartender makes a great Sazerac and Pecan Old Fashioned. Love sitting in the back, great for rehearsal dinner.We ended up here looking for a quick reservation for a group and was so glad we did. We started with the Frog Legs and the BBQ Oysters. Both were to die for!! The sauces were plate licking good. The BBQ with Abita was heavenly and whatever was on the frog legs was magical. I had the Venison for dinner which was also delicious. I would recommend for anyone staying in the area and really for anyone looking for a quiet meal off the crowded streets.Started with the crawfish goat cheese crepes and turtle soup, both were delicious. I got the lamb and my boyfriend got the trout special. Both were unbelievable !! The restaurant is in an old factory very warm romantic and charming. Our waiter was awesome and told us some less touristy places to go. To top it off we had a groupon but definitely worth it without the deal. Best meal I've had to date!Amazing food and service! Had the rabbit for the first time.  Incrdible. Husband had swordfish best fish we've ever tasted. Service was amazing love the out of the way no touristy vibe of the area. The restaurant is beautiful perfect atmosphere.  Definitely recommend if you're into amazing food in comfortable atmosphere.What a wonderful discovery while in New Orleans for a conference. Delicious food and excellent service. I cannot remember such attentive service, at least not in recent memory. Tonight I decided to have a selection of appetizers and what a treat. Goat cheese and crawfish crepes are out-of-this-world. A wonderful salad special with a 100-year-old.balsamic vinegar and a special of the day dish with local shrimp. This restaurant is a treat! I will return soon!Complements to the chef!! Glad we found this gem on Groupon while visiting the New Orleans CBD area. 
We made our reservation a few days in advance and came in on a wet chilly Sunday night. We were seated immediately and our server Neel greeted us promptly. We told him about the groupon and he was happy to fill us in on the details. 
We stared with the Pecan Old Fashioned and a glass of Rock-Vine cab. The old fashioned was a nice tasty twist from the usual and my vino was delish! 
Our groupon deal was for an app, 2 entrees, and a dessert. We started with the Crawfish Crepes filled with light fluffy goat cheese and topped with an amazing crawfish sauce. No kidding around hands down best Eva!!!
For the entrees, I chose the Duck Julia and my bf had the Rack of Lamb (additional $5.00 charge). Both were phenomenal!! Meats were cooked to perfection, tender and ohh so juicy! Both of us could not stop looking and each other with mouths full saying Mmmmm!!!! 
The dessert round, we had the Bread Pudding and an after dinner drink the Ciao Bella. They were both delightful!! 
Service was top notch! Ask for Neel! Ambiance is dark and romantic with a rustic feel. Parking looks limited to street parking and I didn't see valet but walked from our near by hotel so I wouldn't really know. 
I am glad we found this deal and would recommend to anyone! Happy Eating's!Purchased the Groupon, and decided to take my Mother there for her Birthday. Even without the Groupon Tomas Bistro will be a place I will return. We ordered the Crabmeat Au gratin for our our appetizer which was delicious and a cup of Oyster and Articoke soup which was amazing that just thinking about it my mouth is watering. For our entrees my mother order the Pecan Crusted Fish, which was a Puppy Drum, my mom truly love it. I ordered the Rack of Lamb which was cooked perfectly, it melted in your mouth, the creamed potatoes where delicious and complimented the dish. For dessert we had the chantilly cream, fresh fruit stuffed Crepes they were good, not to sweet but truly we were so full that we couldn't have eaten a rich and heavy desert.
Also, I want to say to the owner Mr. Tommy Andrade. Thank you for making my mothers birthday extra special. It was a pleasure meeting you and my mother was overly impressed especially when you showed us the entire restaurant and all your beautiful Christmas decorations. I plan to make this a regular dining experience. Love it!! :)Like many other yelpers, a groupon brought me here. Overall a great dining experience with very delicious food and great environment. Very cute decor in a relatively good sized setting. 
Appetizers: Atlantic blue mussels in a white wine, herb butter and cream sauce - great sauce! Even better with the complimentary bread! 
Entree #1: Filet mignon stuffed with fried oysters with a veal demi glaze. It was the night's special and I thought it was an interesting surf and turf. The oysters were really good and the filet was good, independently. I don't  think i like the two together, especially with the oysters weirdly placed in between the filet. Oh well. I ate every piece of it!
Entree #2: Duck Julia - My wife got this dish and she enjoyed it. most of it. The roasted duck breast was very good. However the duck leg confit was not; it was dried and just not flavorful. She actually didn't eat it. I normally finish her leftovers but it wasn't good enough for me to finish it off. Meh. Probably won't get this if we come back
Dessert: Bread pudding - Unfortunately the dinner didn't end with a memorable note. The dessert was flat and one note. Just sweet. It got old real quick. We didn't finish it. 
This place was okay. It had some memorable moments, but also multiple forgettable moments. I might come back here and give it a second chance. I'll let you  know how the second time fares. 
--Keep eatin'Excllent!  Thanks to Groupon, my spouse and I were introduced to Tomas Bistro, an excellent French Creole restaurant.  The ambience was relaxing and comfortable, the staff attentive, friendly, and professional and the food delicious and wonderful.  We've been there twice.  Starting with  the apperizers, my spouse loved the BBQ oysters.  The batter was light and the sauce was outstanding. He ordered it again when we went to Tomas the second time.  I ordered the jumbo scallops the first time and sweet breads the second time.  Both were very good!  Our entrees were the tournedos of beef, rack of lamb, and venison.  All prepared attractively and flavored perfectly.  We split our desserts, chef's special, - had to watch the calories.  With or without Groupon, Tomas has had our repeat business!An amazing dinner - from the buttery scallops appetizer, to the grouper entree, and finishing with a delicious white chocolate bread pudding. I highly recommend this restaurant, tucked away in the warehouse district. While you're there, be sure to check out the beautiful Gallery Room in back. You have to check out this restaurant while in the city!Tomas Bistro was Amazing!! I purchased the Goupon they offered and by far it's was steal!! I will definitely return!! The menu has so many great options that's it's hard to choose just one. I had the Mussels which were delicious and the sauce you just had to soak the bread in. Yummy!! :) My friend order the Goat Cheese stuffed Crepe with crawfish sauce. Which was amazing!! Entree  I ordered the Venison, OMG mouthwatering amazing and perfect!!! My friend order the Veal Special which was paned veal topped with Crabmeat. That too was amazing!! The atmosphere is romantic and quant, definitely a date night option. :)We absolutely loved the duck and the red snapper entrée special. Ask for Joe, a rare gem of a server. Best save room for the bread pudding. The caramel sauce will make your night. Could not have had a more positive experience.We purchased a groupon for this restaurant and were 100% satisfied! Our server, Ken, was attentive, informative, and a joy. We enjoyed the crab au gratin for our app which was perfection. Next, we had lamb and a veal dish that were both incredible. Lastly, we ended with a flourless chocolate cake which was very good. This is a more traditional restaurant that focused on service, traditional meals, and food that was prepared to perfection. I would rate  4.5 if I could.The shrimp remoulade appetizer was very good, but everything else was a little underwhelming for the price.  The pecan crusted fish was particularly disappointing and came with about one potato.  For god's sake, spend another quarter and put a few more small potatoes on the plate.  The service was attentive but somewhat pushy regarding ordering wine, etc.  The ambiance was a little nicer than I expected.Went to the restaurant with some friends. 
The food was delicious! The appetizer, the main course, the wine, the desserts! OMG! Melt-in-your-mouth amazing!
Just be aware, the main course does take a while to come out. So don't come here starving! 
This place is great to enjoy a nice drink, talk, and talk, and talk, and then eat eat eat the fabulous food!
The desserts are awesome so be sure to check out the bread pudding!
The service was also incredible and Joe made everyone feel welcome, even the kid who loved her mock cocktail! 
Perfect ending to a somewhat rocky stay in NOLA.Tommy,
We did not have the pleasure to meet you, but be aware that your employees know how to treat your guests.
To start, our food/beverage runner was very kind. He was prompt, classy, and polite. He knows that consumers pay good money for good service and that is exactly what he provided. Unfortunately I cannot recall his name, but he's the tall gentleman with the slick hair. Cheers for taking care of us.
Joseph, our server was very knowledgeable and has great taste in food. He gave us great information about your intimate warehouse-restaurant and even gave us a tour. Seriously, one would never understand the size and beauty  of your restaurant without that tour. You have a gorgeous facility.
Our crawfish crepe was uniquely amazing. I may not be the biggest fan of goat cheese because it was sour, but I thought the concept was great and the crawfish were large in size and tasted great with the sauce. 
My girlfriend ordered the veal. She said the asparagus was perfect, however the overall Bernaise sauce was a little on the strong/vinegary side. But the proportion of the meal was great, and that means a lot to her.
I ordered the lamb chops. Sure, it was a perfect rare, and it went well with the sauce and creole potatoes, however I found the lamb to be a little on the chewier side. Maybe I got unlucky.
We finished with the bread pudding. Oh man, by the end, we were stuffed, but Joseph recommended it. It was great. Everything is made from scratch in house and I really appreciate the quality of your dessert, especially that caramel sauce. Sure I gained a pound from eating it all by myself, but hey we were on vacation anyway. 
Overall, I would love the opportunity to eat here again if I am in the area.Decided to try this place out for our weekly date night. It was valentines week so we splurged a little more than usual and I'm glad we did! Love the romantic ambiance of the place! Our app. Was the crawfish and goat cheese crepes, boyfriend had the grouper I had the veal Oscar and we finished with a white chocolate bread pudding for dessert. It was all so delicious!! Service was excellent and our waiter even gave us a tour after. We were seated right next to a glass wall that looked out to a quaint court yard. It was a wonderfully romantic experience! Can't wait to return!Went there last year for fiancé bday and he loved it. Rack of lamb was SO good and I got the filet. Great ingredients and taste. This year he got the venison (cooked perfectly) and I got the veal which had this awesome sauce and potato hash. We added a crawfish bisque (skip out of that) and we got a crab cake special appetizer which can also be skipped out on. The waiter, Joseph, was awesome. He even took us on the little tour to the back of the restaurant where they hold wedding receptions. Went here with a groupon.We've been to Tomas Bistro several times, both with a large groups and just my husband and I.  Food has always been consistently good and the service great.  We always try to stop by when in New Orleans. It had been a while ago, but I do remember everyone in our group being very pleased with their meals. Love the atmosphere, food and staff!  I highly recommend!!!I also found this is deal in groupon. Amazing food. I got the crawfish risotto and my fiance got the lamb. Ssoo amazing. We also had the chance to meet the owner who was really nice as well. The inside is very romantic and peaceful. This was so good that we are going to get married in New Orleans and want to have our rehersal dinner here.This was a fun place for our large group (13) to dine.  Some of the main dishes were excellent, others were very unimpressive.  The servers were quite rude when they were present at all, especially considering how quiet we were for a large group and how much wine we were buying! It was not a busy evening, so it was less excusable.
In their defense, they were kind enough to discount our bill in apology.This restaurant is absolutely beautiful. The food at my friend's wedding last night was delicious. There was a bartender named Anthony who was very good at his job. Overall, I think it makes for a really nice wedding venue. I would like to come back for dinner one day soon and order off their regular menu.Service was great. Staff was very very friendly and accommodating.  Sat in the patio which was nice and went early so we had the place to ourselves. Venison was ok. My wife said the rabbit was excellent.  Overall, great place for dinner.We had a good time here. The food was cooked to our liking. Interior of the place was very well put together. I recommend it.Excellent food and service - it was a terrific evening.  Salad of asparagus and tomato was very fresh and cool on a muggy evening.  I enjoyed catfish and grits.  Companions had a variety of other dishes including duck, and rabbit if I recall, and everyone was happy with their food.  Terrific!Tomas was a delightful restaurant with great ambiance. Our waiter, James, was very attentive and helpful! The carpetbagger steak has amazing flavor and melted in your mouth. I will be coming back!Omg the rabbit and lamb were amazing. My friend is a pretty snooty eater and usually complains about everything but she was digging the rabbit. The lamb was perfectly cooked and I had 3 hurricane drinks and a old fashioned.