Service was great, food was delicious. We had a party of 5 and got the boudin ball and gator ball as an appetizer, jambalaya, wings, pulled pork, ribs, and brisket. All cooked and flavored amazingly. The bloody Mary's are delish too!We went here for the first time today and sat at the bar. The bar tender was super friendly and introduced us to the regulars and several people that worked there. Great service at the bar. 
We weren't too hungry so we jut got the special called the salty dog and an order of garlic fries. This garlic fries are your standard fries cooked perfectly and tossed in garlic butter. Very tasty. The salty dog special was three slices of French bread topped with smoked pork, salad greens, and five fried oysters, finished with remoulade sauce. The smoked pork was delicious, however there was not much in this dish. The oysters were large and fried perfectly. The batter was seasoned nicely and they were not greasy at all. It was a great dish, but the small portion of pork stood out in a bad way.
The view and atmosphere are really nice. Yes it's on the industrial canal, not the lake but it's still a great atmosphere. We live close so will return to try the rest of the menu.
Of note: they run an RV park and rent condos that overlook the water. The condos actually look pretty nice. The pool on premisses (right outside the door of the restaurant) is only for people who are staying on the grounds.It is rare as hell for me to have such a strange experience at a restaurant that I don't leave at least a four-star review. The Lighthouse Bar & Grill, conveniently located at Pontchartrain Landing if you're a guest there and inconveniently located at Pontchartrain Landing if you're not a guest there, is an exception to that rule. The keyword is "strange," not "bad."
I went there with three friends on a Tuesday night. We were the only people there other than the (minimal) staff. We went for dinner, not necessarily for drinks, though we got both. The drink options were limited, but they were pretty cheap, which was nice. The food options were more diverse, but they were somewhat more expensive. And everything that we ate was at most average.
Two of us ordered the same thing: the steak with the potatoes and something else that comes with it, steak medium-rare. Somehow, in both cases, the steak came out well-done. Where that got lost in translation, I couldn't tell you--our waitress was nice enough, though I sensed that she sometimes failed to understand what we were requesting to eat or drink, even though we were reading from a menu. Maybe she was new. She was nice. Okay. Anyway. I just remembered that the "something else that comes with it" was a gumbo that my friend took one bite of and said he would've returned it if we weren't his company (two of us were NOLA visitors, two longtime residents). I don't remember what the other non-local person got, but I know that I got 
a) spinach and artichoke dip b) Caesar salad, no meat. 
a) You know how spinach and artichoke dip just can't be bad? Because it's literally spinach, artichoke, a bunch of dairy products, and chips? Aka a bunch of amazing things melted in an oven and mixed together? The chips were the best part, and they were nothing special. To be clear, the dip wasn't bad. It was just melted cheese with spinach in it. It was ordinary, which by proxy and in this context is bad. Frankly, Lighthouse Bar & Grill should be fucking ashamed.
b) Caesar dressing isn't supposed to be sour, right? I'm not high, I think? Because this Caesar dressing was SOUR. Not bad, again, just sour, which was unexpected. It was still okay enough to eat, but like...no. Just no. No one wants a sour gosh dang mix of lettuce, parmesan, and croutons. The word you're looking for is "creamy."
It was bizarre, not bad, which is why this isn't a one-star review. Lighthouse provided me the most ordinary, inexplicable, verging-on-bad meal I've ever had. Since we were staying in the motorhome camp, we went back another night or two for frozen margaritas, which were actually pretty good, another reason this isn't a one-star review. Though it really should be a one-star review since the only news channel playing is Fox News, which was a way-too-right-wing TV channel even before the current "president" made it his propaganda arm littered with fake news and, when the news isn't fake, incredibly biased with bigoted takes and the most misguided views possible. I just got off-topic, sorry, but yeah, when you're in New Orleans go eat at a French Quarter classic like Cafe Du Monde (for beignets not meals), Mr. B's Bistro, Cane and Table, Killer Po Boys, Domenico's, Clover Grill, just not this. Unless you're staying at the RV camp, in which case, just go in with measured expectations and don't look at the TV that has the news on, the one with Weather Channel will give you a more realistic take on the world.Nice and laid back place; kids enjoy looking at the boats. Food was pretty good, I had the club, wife had the poy boy, kids had burgers, inlaws had the seafood nachos. Which looked real good and the garlic fries where really good.
The only thing was parking was a little confusing. When you pull in, you want to drive to your left to park. Everywhere else's you can't park because it's for the RV tenants.We are staying at the RV Park here and love the convenience of having a restaurant right on the premises.  Even better, this restaurant serves amazing Cajun food.  I had a cup of the Crawfish Boil Bisque just to try it out, and I ended up ordering another cup because it was so very good.  Incredibly flavorful!  My husband ordered St. Louis style ribs and they were falling off the bone tender and seasoned to perfection.  Our waitress was very friendly and efficient.  Love this place!We stayed in one of the houses at Pontchartrain Landing and were pleasantly surprised by the Lighthouse Grill. Groups of us would stop in 1-2 times a day.
One waitress couldn't be bothered, but the rest were nice and helpful.
The food was good. You don't expect that at a place where there is a captive audience, but it was really good. We always knew we had a place to walk to if our cooking didn't turn out or if we just needed cocktails int he morning.This place is pretty nice. Great view, good food, good service. Slightly pricey but is in a tourist area (RV park and Marina.) I have had most things on the menu and my favorite is definitely the red beans and rice with cornbread. I order double cornbread!!Stayed 500 feet from this place for a few nights.  We were excited to have a go-to place for breakfasts and dinners. What a total disappointment. $6. for a small salad ... smallest salad I've ever received; like seriously? $9. for a bowl of gumbo...barely quarter full, maybe: a drink with a quarter jigger, if that. Anyway,  ate there our first night and found other places that were actually respectable.The live Cajun band was Fantastic!  Stick with the sandwiches, the pulled pork was great as was the French bread it was served on. Stay away from the jambalaya, I'll bet it came out of a box. And avoid the crab cakes, they are fishy (old) and small. The hush puppies that came with it were plain (I would have liked to see onions and jalapeños in them) and almost burnt.This place is a late night super star! They have amazing desserts and great local foodNice watering hole and restaurant right at the RV Park.  Drink specials were priced right and the Gumbo and Crawfish bisque were very tasty.  If in the area well worth a visit.Not terribly impressed. Food was good, but our waitress/bartender was pretty rude. When we asked questions she had sarcastic, snobby answers. We didn't feel welcome. Located in a mobile home park which is fine, but housing blocks the view of the water. I probably won't come back. It's ok. Hopefully others who work here have better customer service.Good atmosphere. Great service.  Food was tasty.  Servers really nice.  Tonight a good band.This place is a little hidden but very worthwhile. Has traditional New Orleans food and variety of choices on their menu. I got the ribs and garlic fries and everything was wonderful!!Ordered delivery through Uber Eats.  Rib platter with roasted potatoes - ribs were tender and tasty with BBQ sauce but potatoes were extremely greasy. Club sandwich with garlic fries was very good.  Southwest egg rolls were good but came with no sauce. Meal was ruined with the awful desserts.  The key lime pie was a tan-ish hue.  The white chocolate bread pudding came with no sauce.  They both looked and tasted weeks old!!!  May give them another chance for entrees but will skip the desserts!Right in the RVpark great salty pig sandwich   And Abita beer. Wednesday is ribeye night. Hard to beat taco Tuesday!Outstanding.  Friendly, charming staff, upbeat atmosphere, surrounded by water, cold bear and we'll prepared, beautifully delivered, and tasty food.  I had the salty pig and it is very tasty.I love this setting. It is on a marina, there was a band playing. It was SO nice to have a full service restaurant and bar at our RV park. 
I wish they were open later and the band played longer!
The food was average, but they weren't skimpy on the drinks!A real surprise. The Sunday drink special was a Bloody Mary. Honestly the best Bloody Mary I've had in years. We enjoyed the brisket and crawfish out on the porch. Ashley served us and even gave us a lesson on how to eat crawfish for the first time! Amazing!With bad weather looming in New Orleans we decided to stay in camp and have dinner mistake there is only one waitress for the whole restaurant she did very well but she was just overwhelmed the Cuban sandwich was good the rest of the stuff was typical tourist trap overpriced and mediocre tasty should've went in town for dinnerThis an out of way bar and restaurant. Good food; BBQ, New Orleans classics like Gumbo, Jambalaya, and crab cakes.
The crab cakes are very good and generously sized. You also get one side, quite good sized. The Mac and cheese is great!
Live music on weekends, early at 6pm! Locals and folks like us staying at the RV park. It is packed tonight.
Use your mapping function to find!We ate here twice and came a third time for drinks.  This restaurant is on a shipping channel and above the office of the campground in which we were staying; so our choice was mostly predicated on proximity.  The servings are not large and the prices are not small but we still enjoyed ourselves. Their hapoy hour drink selections are not bad. My husband really enjoyed a cranberry, vodka, coconut cocktail.  The coconut was not overpowering. Their ginger margarita was delicious though certainly not the best I had ever had.  The mudslide daiquiri is the perfect dessert.  The food is good.  We wouldn't have returned if it wasn't. But it isn't remarkable like many of the other restaurants we tried during this visit.  The jambalaya was very good and a much better choice than the red beans and rice which lacked much in flavor.  I enjoyed the gumbo but I had better elsewhere. The crabcakes and hush puppies were light and delicious with the roumalade. I would say this place is a 4- but the view was good, as was service and the food. We were thrilled to have a restaurant on property so they we didn't have brave more traffic after either a long day driving or a long day of sightseeing.Was a very surprising experience.  I didn't expect to like the food since it was a restaurant in the marina and RV park, however the food was great.  The food all tasted relatively fresh and cooked properly.  Everything tastes good and it was a good lay out and location.This is beyond me, I've never  ever had food this bad! I am flabbergasted...fries were greasy, all the food taste old.. not to mention the half of chicken that looks like it's been sitting. I'm sorry but I really wanted to try this play but it failed. I have to give it a star!Found this place strictly by accident. It was bingo night and the place was hopping!  Waitress was super cute and bubbly. Food was really good and good prices. Great serviceThis is the bar at Pontchartrain Landing and it actually does have a rotating light above the bar like a lighthouse.  This is a patio bar so its all outside and there are a lot of tables and chairs along with the bar stool seating.  There is also a pool and hot tub adjacent to this space so you can enjoy those amnesties as well.  There is always an interesting mix of people in this space and its definitely a change of pace from the usual New Orleans bar scene.Pretty neat place to say the least. Located in a RV Park/Condo area right by the Industrial Canal. They have live music several nights a week. It looks really cool on the inside and over looks part of the canals. Wife and I saw an Alligator swimming out back on our last trip. Food is good maybe a little over priced. Definitely worth a trip as there is not much like this in the area.I've eaten at The Lighthouse Bar & Grill once before today and left completely satisfied. I remember thinking how perfect this place was and bookmarking it in my mind for another time; living close by I wanted to return. 
Today, we visited for a late lunch/early dinner. Upon arriving my boyfriend and I were the only customers. We were greeted and told we could sit wherever we wanted. 
Our drinks came quickly, bottled beer and a daiquiri. Our food came out at a reasonable time; pulled pork sandwich and fried catfish. 
While my bf enjoyed the sandwich, he gave it a 7 out of 10. I was a little disappointed with my fish. I remember it being a lot better months ago. The fish itself was fresh but the batter was heavy and thick. 
The service was a bit slow towards the end but it seemed like our waitress/bartender (the only employee I saw) was training two new employees. With all this being said, we plan to go back.We stayed at the rv park for a week and frequented the restaurant/bar.  The food is fantastic. Truly top notch preparation.  The service has been fantastic or so so. I watched the bar tender make milk shakes Monday night that were beautiful with whipped cream and a cherry on top.  I told my son he should get on and the bar tender Thursday afternoon barely blended the shake and there was nothing on top.  Our Ponchartrain Punch was blended Monday and not blended Thursday.  The punch was great either way.This place totally took me by surprise. My husband and I were driving along lakeshore drive on Sunday evening and ended up here for dinner. It was a little off the beaten path (our path at least) but I'm so happy we found it. It's located on the water with glass all around to see out. They had a great band playing and people even got up and started dancing. It was a great way to end the weekend!  Perfect place for a large group. Food, service and drinks were all good!Our family had several meals here in a week's time. We stayed in Pontrachain Landing. Every meal was delicious and well served. We even had them cater a dinner at our villa. It is off the beaten path and someone is not likely to just come across this restaurant on their own but it is worth putting it into the GPS. Enjoy the food and the view.Such a cute, fun place! A complete gem. We had the swamp balls, crab cakes, and burger and they were delish! Lots of yummy, strong drinks too. Most definitely recommend.How in the world this place got 4 stars is beyond me. Was not really busy but could not get any service. When we finally did, we tried their drink special hurricane. YUCK ! It tasted like cherry flavored rubbing alcohol. They had to of used the most rot gut rum ever made. We tried to order something different but the waitress NEVER came back until she brought our food. Food wasn't too bad but over priced for what it was and the quality. However, do NOT order the ribeye! Ordered medium, came out well done, was paper thin and horribly dry. Asparagus was good. 
Will NOT be back!!!!I've come here a couple times with my SO and a couple friends, and was thoroughly satisfied both times.  So far, I've had the spinach dip, southwest egg rolls, mozzarella sticks, smoked sampler (ribs, brisket, pulled pork, and chicken wings), the club sandwich, garlic fries, and mac and cheese.
The only item I was not impressed with was the spinach dip.  It just had an odd taste to me (and my SO).  Not sure why.  The mozz sticks are good, the southwest egg rolls are amazing, and the dipping sauce they come with is like a spicy/chipotle-ish ranch, I think.  And it's also amazing.  The club sandwich is good, pretty typical.  The garlic fries are, well, garlic-y, and delicious.  The mac and cheese is pretty good.  And the smoked meats are pretty good for a place like this.  Wouldn't expect it, but they are.  The ribs fell off the bone, and the wings were flavorful and juicy.  The smoked brisket and pulled pork were as good as you could ask for.
This will be a frequent stop for us in the future.Great time at this restaurant. Good selection and great service. Entertainment was a great treat!We stayed at the RV park located next to restaurant.  We ate Sunday brunch. I ordered the Crab Cakes Egg Benedict, hubby ordered a regular breakfast. The service as well as the food was great. I ordered the seafood gumbo to go, it is very favorable, my only complaint is  there is only one to go size, and with it tasting so good I was left wanting more.The food and drink is just OK.  Kinda pricey for what you get.  We split the NOLA appetizer consisting of a bowl of Gumbo, Jambalaya, and Red Beans 'n rice.  This was the best part of the meal.  DW had the pork ribs and they were tender and sweet but not a lot of smoke flavor. I had the Seafood Nachos since they was out of  oysters and had trouble finding any seafood.  It was all chips, cheese, veggies and the sauce. Key lime pie for desert just wasn't that tasty.  Anastasia was our waitress and she was super.  This is a nice place for a drink and maybe a munch but look elsewhere for dinner.While the atmosphere was nice and there was a good band playing, the food was not great. My po-boy was lacking flavor and my husband's burger was a frozen patty and definitely not fresh. The gumbo was AWFUL. It even smelled terrible. If you're looking for a place with fun music and nice food and a few beers, this might be your place but not for the food.I had fried catfish and asparagus, and both were superb. In face went back for lunch next day.  I as very impressed. Golden fried catfish fingers, lightly breaded. Juicy asparagus. Compliment a to the chef!I ordered from Uber eats to try this restaurant. The food was okay. I got a hamburger with cheese and garlic fries with the bread pudding. Honestly, it serves its purpose. I ate everything and would order again. I've never been to the restaurant but I would be interested in going and eating there again.This place terrible! This was the worst meal and the worst service I have ever had in NOLA. It is definitely not worth the drive for mediocre food and beyond awful customer service. We had reservations for a large party. They did not have our tables ready, so we had to push our tables together ourselves. Our drinks had bugs in them, and it took them over 30 minutes to replace them. Our server was completely rude and unhelpful. He made snide and unprofessional remarks about how "he was supposed to be there at 1pm but whatever" (It was 2pm and we had been at the restaurant since 12:30pm) and he even yelled at people to "be quiet so he concentrate" while he was taking our orders. 
By the time our food came out, it was cold and wasn't properly seasoned...everything had either too much salt or too little salt and the fried food looked like it had been sitting out.
Then we had to wait almost an hour for our checks, and when they came out, they were wrong but the waitstaff treated us like common criminals because they messed up the checks. 
They might be able to get away with this awful food and shoddy service with visitors, but locals know better. Trust me...STAY AWAY!!!!By far the best fried shrimp and oysters I've EVER had. I also had a bowl of gumbo, excellent. 
Came yesterday for lunch and had a Shrimp po-boy. I thought I died and went to heaven but tonight's dinner tops that. 
We're only in N.O. one more night but fortunately the food I've had here is what dreams are made of. 
Great service and views of the marina. 
If your in town do yourself a favor.One of the worst steaks  I've ever had wasn't worth 26 for shit waste of money and foodthis place deserves a 0 star!!!!!!!!!!! Horrible service!! arrived at the restaurant at 12:30, ended up leaving at 3:00 without being fed! Slow service, 20-25 minute wait for drinks, & when we started getting aggravated the serving staff caught an attitude with us! would not recommendI will never patronize this establishment again! I ordered a creole club sandwich through the Uber App for a pick up. On the menu, it displayed a picture of the club sandwich along with verbally stating the ingredients and condiments included on it. Upon receiving my food(while at work) I observed the sandwich was completely saturated with mayonnaise( that wasn't supposed to be on the sandwich) and missing the creole mustard that was clearly listed(according to the menu) as the only condiment on the sandwich. I immediately called the establishment and advised the cashier my order was incorrect at which time she told me I should've requested no mayonnaise in the notes section when I ordered from the Uber App. Once I advised her that there was never supposed to be mayonnaise on the sandwich in the first place according to their menu, she proceeded to hang up in my face! I notified Uber via the App and am still awaiting my refund due to my incorrect order and inconvenience.The Lighthouse Grill restaurant on the property has the VERY BEST Gulf shrimp, oysters and fried chicken on the planet consistently, and the Hurricane cocktail is as good as Pat O'Brien's. Staff is excellent. Balcony seating is very comfortable.We've been her twice and that was one time too many.  I should have read the reviews first because the service is terrible and the food is awful.
The first time we stopped in for a cocktail.  The girls behind the bar were not friendly, never smile and act like we are a bother to them.  Seriously, if you don't like your job, find another one.
The second time we ordered dinner to go.  The tuna was so dry I choked on it.  The buffalo wings tasted more like sweet and sour and were so overcooked that we threw them away.  The rice and beans were very good and therefore earned them one star.
The view is nice but save your money and find somewhere else.  If you're staying at the RV Park, you can take your own drink to the balcony and enjoy the view.Food is decent, atmosphere is lovely. We've been here many times and have always had friendly service. The French fries are the best and my absolute favorite.Sometimes the food is excellent, and other times it's absolutely horrible.  It's really unfortunate that it's so inconsistent.  Couple examples - one day the brisket was perfect, the next time it looked like the scraps for the dog, all fat and gristle, sent it back and the replacement was the same, really?  Then I was expecting regular, real shrimp in the shrimp tacos but it ended up being the teeny tiny frozen shrimp from a bag - seriously?  Lighthouse Bar & Grill, you are better than that.  I gave 2 stars because the bartenders are awesome.Service just to start was AMAZING. Our girl Deanna showed us the ropes on what bomb food to get. The alligator fried curds were BOMB. And the wings are gourmet as shiz. The recommendations were amazing. This girl knows what she's talking about. Definitely ask for Deanna when you come. Much love and thanks for showing us a little taste of New Orleans!I had a fish "po boy" with what was supposed to be Cole slaw. The sandwich was on a pistolet sized bread that was soft and cheery  there was a dab of something that may have been mayo but, the sandwiches were so dry we both had to add mayo. There was NO romalade sauce anywhere, although they claim the po boys come with it. The Cole slaw was plain chopped cabbage and shredded carrots. There was no salt, pepper, mayo or seasoning of any kind. I usually order Cole slaw because it's something that's hard to screw up. Well, they did!  My dinner was a JOKE. Unfortunately, the joke was on me. NEVER AGAIN!!This was a nice place to eat.  The scenary was beautiful and the service was very efficient.  The prices of the food are a tad high in my opinion.  I had what was basically a club sandwich and paid an inordinate amount for it.  If you have money to burn then you may enjoy it, if not, pick a place in New Orleans and you will get better food at a better price.  Another bummer is that they include gratuity in you check if your party is 6 or larger, which is fine, except you do not have a choice but to pay 20%.Lame customer service, but good food.
I was all prepared to eat leftover pizza and my daughter cereal, but my wife and son weren't having it. So I pulled up the Uber Eats app and placed an order based on the reviews.
Overall, the food was good, but the experience could have been better. We ordered the rib platter with baked beans, citrus glazed wings, shrimp platter with garlic fries and asian spicy shrimp platter with garlic fries. They forgot to include barbecue sauce for the ribs, ranch dip for the wings, and most importantly, the asian spicy shrimp was not tossed in the asian spicy sauce; it was just a regular shrimp platter. I actually paid $1.00 more for the spicy sauce. 
I called to complain, but the person who put the order in (the person who answered the phone said she was the one who put the order in) gave me some lame excuse that I was supposed to type in the notes section of the app that I wanted the spicy sauce version. She kept saying that no one ever orders the asian version in the restaurant. So because no one ever orders it, you just assume I didn't want it? 
She also blamed a couple servers who she said were assisting her for the missing barbecue sauce and ranch dip. Oh, and she blamed Uber for the $1.00 up charge for the sauce because they don't charge a fee for it in the restaurant. Like I said, the food was good, but maybe follow up with a call or provide additional instructions in the notes section to increase the likelihood they get your order right.
I only took pictures of the wings, because I was over this place after the phone call.