Cool cute and funny waitress named Brandy... Good food, funny servers. About 13bucks for a full variety entree! Get yo shine on here.I had Jambalaya, Red Beans and rice and BBQ shrimp.  Ask to be served by Brandy.  She may forget a meal or a drink but she's a hillarious waitress.Oh The Alpine, you disappointed me! After walking in the city and checking out the River-walk and Rock and Roll Half expo the Convention Center, we were hungry! We didn't know where to go and saw this cute little restaurant that when I Yelped it.. got decent reviews. we were hungry and wanted some Creole food. I wish I went to McDonald's instead. When we got to the Alpine we were seated and we waited. 10 minutes later... we waited some more. Finally I went up to the host and was like. Do we have a waiter. Our waiter came and took our order for drinks, appetizer, and lunch. We were so hungry we thought an appetizer would settle us. So... 40 minutes later we still haven't gotten our appetizer or our waiter. I was LIVID! I was hungry and we saw that a table of people who came in after us were being served their food! I asked for the manager and 10 minutes he came out and gave me attitude. He said our food should be out shortly. Well our crab cake came and yes it was good, but not 40 minutes of waiting good. Our meals finally game and I was disgusted with mine. I got the taste of New Orleans because I wanted to taste what New Orleans was famous for. The Jambalaya was just hard rice and tomato sauce, the rice and beans were AWFUL.. the rice tasted like it was so over done and mushy, and the craw fish attofule (spelled wrong sorry) was meh. The manager gave us some alligator sausage but it was oily and just bad. For waiting and hour and complaining to the manager...we were not even given a discount, but attitude.   If you are in New Orleans do not go here because you will be waiting and disapointed!   Reading all the recent Yelppers reviews from when I was there.. sorry for the later review.. I can see now this place is awful. Boo to you Alpine.We randomly walked into the Alpine. After being seated quickly we ordered the red beans & rice and the gumbo. The red beans & rice was very tasty, the gumbo however was disappointing. The shrimp were chewy like they had been frozen & were fishy tasting.  Also the restroom smelled like very stinky cheese.The fried shrimp platter was good. It would have been better if the shrimp was devained. It was irritating to clean the shrimp while eating. 
I did not like the rest room eitherWe stopped in this unassuming little restaurant after wandering around the Quarter looking for somewhere to eat. The man outside (greeter? waiter? host?) gave us a coupon for a free app, which I thought was awesome! We ordered the BBQ shrimp - well, my boyfriend did, so I was not aware that they were going to be coming to our table with their legs still attached and antennae waving about.
Traumatizing.
BUT, my delicious blackened catfish soon put the sea bugs out of my mind. My boyfriend ordered the crab cakes, which were divine. He also ordered a Hurricane - I actually liked it way more than the Pat O'Brien's version. The best part of this experience, however, was the excellent service. Efficient and friendly, The Alpine really set the bar for great service on our vacation.I was really disappointed with this place. I ordered the Po-Boy, which had a few pieces of shrimp with lots of bread. You would think a restaurant in NOLA was able to make a decent po-boy but that wasn't the case. The food here was boring. I think McDonald's would have tasted better.I purchased a groupon for the Alpine before our trip and wasn't expecting much, but it was fanastic. The BBQ shrimp appetizer is one of the best things we have ever had. It was a really big portion for an appetizer. Our waiter was great - very attentive and informative. I was really surprised it wasn't more crowded. For our meals, we had the Taste of New Orleans and the Redfish Amber and both were really good. I would recommend it!Really wanted to go to the Alpine and they are closed- shuttered- gone! What happened?!? I miss my bbq shrimp- best in the city!!I've been making an annual trip to New Orleans for most of the decade, and it seems like I always end up at the Alpine once; it's consistently been decent, inexpensive cajun food.
This year, the food was overall mediocre (worse than on previous occasions), but the chicken in the jambalaya was the worst chicken I have ever had, enough so that it ruined the rest of the meal. The gator sausage was obviously an off-the-shelf store-bought package too....
On the plus side (thus the higher-than-1-star rating), the wine list was actually decent and the waitress was really good.  Also, to be noted, on previous occasions they made good hurricanes (didn't have one this time...).
I really hope that this was an anomaly, but I don't plan to come back in case it wasn't.Please don't eat here.  In my last review, I noted that the food looked as if it was designed for tourists.  Unfortunately, I think that it is designed for tourists with no tastebuds.  I brought two friends from Chicago here against my better judgment, because I knew it had a pretty courtyard and "local" food and that the prices were somewhat reasonable for the quarter. The Chicagoans wanted ettouffee, jambalaya, RB&R, etc., so I thought the Alpine was a safe choice.  I was wrong, and I will never again cow tow to what my friends think they want for dinner in New Orleans when I know better.  I ordered the Tilapia Tchoupaloula, a fried piece of tilapia that I suspected had just been warmed up in the broiler, covered with a greasy cream tomato crawfish sauce. The sauce was tasty, but the fish was of such poor quality that it couldn't be saved. It came with greasy new potatoes and way overcooked and also waaaay greasy zucchini, squash, and onion.  Boo.  My friend ordered the blackened catfish po-boy, which she said was meh, and her bf got the soupy ettouffee, which he enjoyed but did not look at all appetizing to me.
If you are down the quarter way with friends from out of town, and they want local food, take them to one of the stop in and order at the counter places, like the one offered by the Court of Two Sisters.  Don't pay $20 a plate for tasteless BS.  There is just too much other good food here, especially in the quarter.
This was just embarrassing.We wanted to go to The Alpine restaurant during our visit to New Orleans because I had gotten a gift certificate from restaurant.com for it.  
One afternoon for lunch, we went in, sat ourselves, and watched as several tables didn't have any food on their tables and looked around aimlessly.  We asked the older couple next to us if they had been waiting long.  They certainly had, and weren't afraid to tell us so.  We got up and left. 
Still wanting to use the gift certificate, we returned on our last evening for dinner.  There were even fewer people seated in the restaurant than before, so we decided to give it a go.  Our server greeted us immediately.  Whew.  She brought our drinks and took our order immediately.  Double whew.  Our meals were brought out right away, too.  Triple whew.  
We both tried the "Taste of New Orleans," which were sample-sized portions of red beans and rice, crawfish etouffee, and jambalaya -- your basic NOLA staples.   Each dish was fantastic and full of flavor.  I'm not sure which one I liked more.  They really captured the tastes I was craving.  
Unfortunately, that was the last we saw of our server for a very long time.  Our drinks went empty long before our plates did.  I could see our server sitting off in the corner with other servers, chatting and texting.  She sat and sat and sat.  Texted, texted, texted.  It was the last day of our visit to NOLA and by now, we had come to expect crappy service from every restaurant, store, and entertainment venue we visited.  It's not a priority for them.  Has anyone in NOLA ever done an analysis between service and tipping?   Naturally, for the average service, I left an average tip.  
Food?  Excellent.  Service?  Average to below average.  Atmosphere? Average.  Would I return?  Probably not.A bartender at a different establishment strongly suggested I get the BBQ Shrimp at the Alpine. She went on to say get the app. order, because the dinner order is the same size, just a few more bucks. It's a bar, so I wasn't expecting too much, but maybe decent regional bar food.
This may go down in history as the best food suggestion I have ever gotten. This was post-dinner and I was pretty full. I ate that (and two baskets of bread) like I haven't eaten in days. Check it out.
6/10/10
I went back again on my trip last month. Still top notch. Someone recommended I try Deanie's BBQ shrimp, I was not a fan. The shrimp at Deanie's were huge, just the flavor was better at Alpine. Alpine was also cheaper and they make a killer Bloody Mary! Get it spicy with spicy beans, rock!!!!111Had lunch there today because we had a free app coupon. Free is too expensive for this place, the needed to pay me to eat there. The BBQ shrimp was salty and fishy, the blackened redfish was bland and greasy. Just keep walking because there are too many good restaurants in the area to settle for Alpine.I've been here a few times, since it is so close to Jackson Square. Most times it's been just-fine-to-middlin'.  This last time, though,  I had the crab cake appetizer, which was $9.50 and significantly larger than the $23 crab cake entree at another nearby chain restaurant that shall remain nameless.  No shock, I suppose, but WOW the crab cakes at the Alpine were good.  They were cooked perfectly and dressed with a slightly spicy crawfish cream sauce which would probably also be amazing on pasta.  My companion had the barbeque shrimp, which were also good but basically meant he needed a bath afterwards -- it is not a "neat" entree.  Our waiter, Thaddeus, was great, too.Just to tack on a quick note, this is the one restaurant that I would make a point of revisiting the next time I head down to Nawlins. The Etouffee (sp?) is fantastic, and the prices were very reasonable (especially compared to other restaurants in the area).
Excellent cajun food... great prices... a block from Jackson Sq... you can't ask for much more when you're down that way.Good local food, better than I expected the rustic cajun BBQ shrimp was hard to eat ( I am not good at peeling off shells) but well worth it. The price is super cheap and staff was attentive try it out if you in Andrew Jackson square and have the munchies...The Alpine is a cozy little bistro type restaurant located on Chartres, just down from Jackson Square. Pretty candles on the tables add a little romance to an evening at The Alpine - your wife / girlfriend will love that. It's a nice break from the sometimes loud and busy restaurants in the French Quarter. 
The food is great; do yourself a favor and try the crab cakes and the Taste of New Orleans (includes red beans & rice, crawfish etouffee, jambalaya, and smoked sausage). Also - give the bread pudding a try. I don't even like bread pudding, but I like it at The Alpine! Prices are average. The Taste of New Orleans ($16) is served on a huge plate and can easily be shared, I imagine the other portions are large as well. The service here is also quite nice, which is really saying something for New Orleans. Give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.We visited with the Entertainment Book 2 for 1 coupon, which makes experimenting with local restaurants more attractive. Wife had the Redfish Amor, which she found delicious. I had the crab cakes, which were actually what we call locally stuffed crab (without the normal crab shell), rather than Maryland style. They were good, but not outstanding. Service was crisp, capable, and polite.the bbq shrimp was ok, the sauce was good but like Janet said, the actual shrimp didnt really catch the flavor bc of the shells. i also thought it was weird that it didnt come w/ anything other than french bread for dipping, maybe thats the norm around here.
Stan got a cheeseburger...nasty. it was def a frozen patty. he ordered it medium rare, the waitress couldve at least advised that he get it well done if it was frozen. our guess is that they prob had a flat grill, prob not a flame broiled one and that is why his burger was so soggy. UGH.
the best part about our meal here was my mai taiMy teenage daughter and I ate lunch at The Alpine for the first time today.  I see some mixed reviews on this site.  We just happen to pass by it and stop in. I  am glad we dis and I have to say we loved it.  
We had a Crab Cake and the Crab and Corn Bisque as appetizers. For lunch she had a Caesar Salad toped with very fresh shrimp that were seasoned and not over cooked (a pet peeve).  I had a Cheese Burger that came with fries that were well cook;  not greasy or soggy.  I know these dishes are simple and not the most challenging meals to make, but they were well prepared.  
We enjoyed the laid back atmosphere. It has a mixed feel of a bistro and a sports bar, which may be by design because it was Super Bowl Sunday.  I could tell our waiter was new, but he did a great job.  I noticed the management even had a veteran waiter shadow him.  That left me with the impression that this place really wants to get things right and hopeful great service will continue. 
I am from and still live in New Orleans.  I take my family out eat at least once a week as my dad did for us.  The point his I have eaten at a lot of places. This place is a casual restaurant and as good as any casual restaurant I have tried. I look forward to my next visit to try other dishes and I am hopeful it will still deserve 4 stars.This place is utter crap. Don't eat here.  I was very hungry and happened to walk by.  (Big Mistake #1)  Reasearch before eating.  I didn't have a bad meal while in New Orleans so I figured let me take a chance.  It was late night and as I said I was hungry.  Sat at a table which was kinda sticky.  ugh.  Ordered a beer....safe...Then I ordered the sampler platter.  Big mistake.  All the traditional tasting NOLA food tasted like much.  To add insult to injury..i suspected the shrimp wasn't fresh.  Def frozen.  And it was the small tiny ones.  Put your sneakers on and run away as fast as you can!!!!!!!!Great place!  More enjoyable than some of the more famous french quarter restaurants.  I recommend the grilled chicken sandwich or the blackened shrimp po'boy.I took the recommendation from a local resident to go check out the Alpine..  
I'm in town for the Essence music fest... home is Royal Street..  a short but pleasant walk from Canal down to this little rustic feeling joint
a dude standing outside.  was bringing folks in .. handing a little card for 10% discounts.. but I knew I'd be coming no matter..
the area is full of unique antique shops.  and a few cafe's..  some that are only open for breakfast and lunch. . but worth checking out on future occassions..  
if you beat the dinner crowd.  you get a nice peaceful vibe.  pleasant wait staff...  who don't mind making a little small talk
I had the blackened chicken po-boy..  which was delicious.  on good fresh bread.. spicey.  and landen with some delicious fries
I had a margarita which wasn't bad..  and some pecan pie and cappucino for desert.  
the pie was heated and had creme on the side.    not bad..  and the cappucino was very good.
I didn't feel rushed..  and I savored the atmophere and the slow sweet meltdown into the evening.  
check it out.  and then take a nice slow stroll in the nieghborhood making mental notes on some antiquing you might wanna do.Wondering why this place has no local reviews? The answer is probably the tourist trap menu: red beans, jamabalaya, gumbo, po boys...typical fare.
That said, I think this place is all right.  I stopped in here for a drink a while back and had a very pleasant time.  The doors were all open, and there was a delicious cross breeze.  They had WTUL playing the nightly jazz show, and it was very quiet and peaceful. I hadn't been to the quarter in a while, and the ambiance was very nice and FQ quaint.  Mind you, it was 6:30 p.m. on a Wednesday, but I had a nice time.  The bartender was super friendly, charming, and quick.  Don't know if I'll go back for a meal or anything, but it is definitely a decent place to catch a drop.Food wasn't bad but service came across as a high pressure sales pitch.  Took a long time for food to arrive and the server added a 20% tip for our party of 4 before giving me the bill.  Tried to discourage us from paying with a credit card (weird).  Also allowed a customer to enter and sit next to us wearing very innapropriate clothing.A quaint French Quarter eatery that does go out of their way to make sure you enjoy your meal.  We were there last sunday evening and the wait staff was attentive and kept our glasses full.
The dinner was excellent, i had the ribeye steak with the cajun creme sauce on top and loved every bite!  My wife also loved her Redfish "Amer" and Hurricane to drink.
Minor complaint was for the gumbo before dinner, it was sub par for new orleans, but that doesn't take too much away from this 4 star location in the quarter!
We also had a 50 dollar groupon that was perfect for eating here, i highly suggest checking that out before you arrive.There were two people in our party that didn't get our food until everyone else had already finished their meal.  Our waitress was never around to check on us.  Finally when the hostess or person in charge came over and we complained, she was extremely rude and argumentative. She refused to allow any discount what so ever.  I can't believe that in a service oriented city like New Orleans where most restaurants are extremely grateful for having customers, this was the way we were treated.  The food was good, but the service left a very bad taste in our mouths and hearts.hahahahahhahahahahah.......alpine, really 3 stars? really? I would suggest Ali babba around the corner OR......my favoflave Yo' Mama's without the torture of having to sit through a snack here. 
I swear, I am not a mean spirited bloke, but when I see 4 star and 3 star ratings for the Alpine......I consider it my civic duty to speak up. 
In a word....BEWARE
At least its clean and touristy and not the country flame which should be closed.Maybe I was just starving, but this place was great!
I really am surprised to read some negative reviews of this place, perhaps they have really made a turn around in the past couple of months?
I found out about this place from a friend of a friend who said it was a "must have" if you were in the French Quarter. Being hungry and too lazy to research much we decided to check it out.
Incredible! My friend and I decided to split the baby back ribs and the Cajun fried seafood platter. Hands down, the best rack of ribs I have ever had in my life. Textbook definition of "fall off the rack." Nice, large portions with seasoned fries and cole slaw made us wish we ordered two plates rather then one... Seriously, I can't get over how good this rack of ribs was, my mouth is watering writing this!
Our second dish was the fried seafood platter. It was good, but the ribs defiantly overshadowed this entree. Basically your standard fried seafood consisting of oysters, tilapia, shrimp topped off with a crab cake. A little more batter then my liking but the oysters were great and the crab cake was excellent!
We did not order any dessert, but several people around us did and it looked wonderful. Actually, everything at all the tables around us looked appetizing and people seemed to be enjoying the atmosphere.
A little on the expensive side (we spent about $60 for two of us) but you defiantly get you're moneys worth portion-wise. Service was excellent, my seafood platter the cook forgot to include the crab cake and within seconds of asking the waitress had it brought to the table. The manager, Laurie was standing outside as we left and seemed genuine and down to earth when she asked how our dinner was and if everything met our expectations. Just the perfect touch for leaving the restaurant on a high note!Local here who used to eat here a lot.  No more!  20 minutes to get drinks, 20 more minutes to get food and the restaurant was empty... on Valentine's Day!!  Should have been a sign.  Food bland and overprices.  Oh well, tourists may get sucked in by the nice barker but these locals would rather go somewhere else!Sluggish service (which drives me mad) but shrimp and oyster po-boy SO worth it. Wife had excellent blackened shrimp. Good location, decent decor and prices, recommended.This was my "go to" place for a good meal when I lived in New Orleans.  The price was right for a whole heapin' bunch of food for someone without a lot of cash to spare on food.
It's also the place where I always brought people visiting from out of town.  They could get a broad sampling of local favorite dishes.
The staff was always great...the meals always awesome.I came here once back in january. It was amazing. I think i had the crabcakes. The atmosphere was fun. Thought I had a new favorite. 
I decided to come back this visit and was sorely disappointed. The crab cakes were great (appetizer) but the server was not knowledgable about the menu. I think I may have been served the wrong dish (I ordered tilapia may have gotten something else). The big complaint was how bland the food was!  I expect flavor in NOLA and this was extremely bland. I didn't finish my meal because it was so tasteless. 
There weren't many other guests in the restaurant either. Maybe this place is on the way out. Too bad. It couldve been great.Really good BBQ shrimp and great service.   I will be going back the next time i'm in New Orleans.not so bad but not exceptionally good either. Had the Fish of the day, that was actually quite nice. Coconut shrimp as a Starter NOT recommended.Absolutely terrible!!
We ordered 3 burgers and there were maybe 4 tables I'm service but yet it took 35 minutes.  Worst part? $46!!! The burgers were tiny, service was bad and it was way overpriced.  The Cajun black and blue burger  however, was good, all four bites of it :(I hate to read the poor reviews on The Alpine!  I had a great experience, and it was alcohol free..
Strapped for time and VERY tired, we didn't really have an opportunity to order the gamut of items from the menu.  However we were lucky to try the gumbo, the red fish covered in crawfish cream sauce, and the special of the day which was stuffed tilapia covered in crawfish cream sauce with broccoli.  Yum!
Well, both fish were fried.  Very well fried!  There wasn't a heads-up on the menu so we were a little surprised to receive what we did, but it was so good it didn't matter at that point.  Crispy and hand breaded, noticeably.  The stuffing in the tilapia was a little standard.. Honestly, there was something about the red fish that stood out more than the day's special tilapia.  Red fish is a regular menu item, so I'd recommend it!  There was also a tempting Taste of New Orleans platter that included a tasting of a few items.I can only speak for the crawfish gumbo at Alpine...but it was so delicious that I had to review it on Yelp so that you all may have a taste of deliciousness.  The piping hot gumbo was deeply satisfying even when eaten in 90+ degree weather!  It contained delicious bites of rice, crawfish, oysters, and mussels, all boiled within a hearty broth (a bit on the oily side) simmered in spices.  It filled me up and left me wanting more at the same time because it was so good.  It was an entire meal for $8 - can't beat that!I had a groupon for this place and was worried that $50 groupon for 2 would have been too much food....hardly. It is a small cute place in the middle of French Quarter so the prices are just not for me. We ordered BBQ shrimp that had maybe 3-4 shrimp in it with some interested spices, I ordered seat food gumbo that was good. My father ordered fried shrimp that were presented on two slices of Italian bread and my son ordered stuffed crab special that also was presented with two thick slices of Italian bread. The food overall was good but I would not have paid $17 per plate if I have not had the groupon.good restaurant. good food but the drinks were nothing special and a little weak on the alcohol.  also the credit card machine was not working so Cash is king again.I didn't eat here, but stopped in the bar for a to-go bloody mary. The drink was totally passable with extra pickled green beans, but being in that place for only five minutes made my skin crawl. Think drunk frat guys singing along to blaring crap country. 
And what's with the name? Nothing about this place or the French Quarter is remotely Alpine-like.Now THAT'S a Hurricane! Skillfully crafted by a friendly bartender and delicious from the first sip to the last.
We didn't eat the food, so I can't vouch for that.Came here because we got one of those discount coupons purchased online.
At first, they refused to honor it, saying they couldn't until the following week--since we were visiting, that didn't help us much!  Finally a manager agreed to accept it.
Had very good food for lunch--a fish sandwich, a po' boy.  Had a Louisiana Lemonade, which was wonderful.  Would have had a 2nd if we hadn't had a whole day of sight-seeing to go.Found by coincidence and glad we did.  Bartender very friendly; service great and the appetizers we had included crab cake and gator sausage was excellent. 
Glad we found this bar by mistake.  Would recommend to others.  Also met Steve Zahn actor of Treme who comes every once in a while.We were extremely disappointed with this place. Everyone raved about the BBQ shrimp but we were totally unimpressed. Plus it was cold!
My main course was cold too and the service was decidedly poor. 
We all ordered dessert but they only brought out half of the order leaving everyone sitting for fifteen minutes before we could get the attantion of the waitress. 
Will certainly NOT be going back and most definitely do not recommend at all.The gentelman outside guaranteed us a really great meal and gave us a 10% discount upon walking in.  my  girl and I came in for  brunch on a sunday  . I like the way the place was all decorated and had really cool paintings to stare at  on the walls. Were both recent   transplants to the south coming straight from Michigan so when it comes to cajun dishes and what not, we really needed some good advice and had ample questions for our server which was very helpful and friendly   . The barbique shrimp was especially delicious,  oh and the crabcakes were defintely worth repeating with rich  creamy sauce and all. we ordered a nice    glass of wine which went well with the redfish  dish. I must say the  waitress  Venessa was good and really funny   because somehow she talked us into the chocklate mouse cake for dessert( OH HELL YES!!!!) .We love the Alpine and cant wait  to be  fed like queens again.This review is for the bbq shrimp and fried catfish. The bbq shrimp is so flavorful and out of all the 10 restaurants I tried in the french quarter this place had the best bbq shrimp! The catfish perfectly crisp and tasty. This place's bbq shrimp is definitely worth a visit.Why aren't there half stars on Yelp? Hmmmmm...
The Alpine would have gotten 3 1/2 to 4 if the food had been better...not that it was bad. It was quite yummy and they were super accommodating to our veggie friends! It was just kind of standard for NOLA.  What made this place a stand above was the cute courtyard and service. Great cocktails in a relaxing courtyard garden setting made this a regular destination for a relaxing martini more than once. Maybe I'm a little biased, because the bar temptress told me she liked my face...blush...
I'll keep this place on  my short list of chill hangouts for future visits to the Crescent City.I'll start with: GO HERE! 
I purchased a Groupon for my trip to New Orleans & I absolutely do not regret it! This place was GREAT!!!! We were a group of 3 & we walked in on a Sunday evening. Sherri was our server & she was fabulous!!! 
I really hate to single one person out, because EVERYONE there was so incredibly friendly & helpful! BUT Sherri was fantastic, I believe my exact words were "We might have to take Sherri home with us" 
As for the Dinner....
SOOO GOOD!!!!!! It's difficult enough to please one person, much less three, but The Alpine did it!!! Our appetizer was a crayfish dip, I had the Jambalaya, my boyfriend had the Garlic Fillet Mignon & our friend had the peppered duck, we all devoured our meals! I ordered the Mandarin Blush drink, again Sooo Good! 
We ate somewhere different everyday (for almost every meal) while we were there & we ALL agreed that The Alpine had the BEST food & was our favorite!!!! 
You can't beat this place, it had stellar service, food & location!The Alpine and I go way back. When I visited NOLA in 1999, my friends loved this restaurant and we ate here once a day for our entire trip. I remember drinking a ton of Bahama Mamas and eating anything and everything blackened as much as possible.
Fast forward to present day. Coming here during this visit was high on my list of priorities - would the actual experience live up to my memories? The answer is a resounding yes.
I skipped the Bahama Mama in favor of a Pimm's Cup, which they managed fine. For dinner I went for the Surf and Turf - blackened ribeye, fried shrimp and oysters and a crab cake with garlic roasted new potatoes and veggies. Yes, you should be drooling by now, I know I was. My meal was excellent - the blackened ribeye was cooked to the proper temp (I requested med rare and it came out to my liking). The fried oysters and shrimp were fine; the crab cake was excellent. The garlic roasted new potatoes that came with my meal were excellent. My friend ordered the Taste of NOLA (red beans and rice, jambalaya and crawfish ettoufee) and was very happy with her meal as well.
Service was good and prices are reasonable for the quality of food you are receiving. The Alpine is the hidden gem of the French Quarter for sure.I went here with my family when they came to visit- I had the groupon coupon and it was such a good deal.  The service started out great and friendly, but it went downhill really fast.
Our food took forever to come out and our entrees were all cold after our appetizer.  For the most part, the food was mediocre.  We had two po boy sandwiches (stale bread and not dressed properly), the blackened catfish (very little flavor), and shrimp with alfredo (store bought shrimp and sauce).  We did get the barbecue shrimp as an app though and they were amazing.  If you do go, you need to order them to make them worth it.
The worst part of our visit was the way our waitress avoided the table towards the end.  We overheard a very explicit conversation about her inability to print out checks and she didn't come back to our table for 20 or so minutes as a result.  After we finally did pay, she had to be called over to get our change.  
Mediocre food, mediocre service.Amazing! The best food I had while in New Orleans. The place was cozy and warm, the food was really good and not overpriced like some of the touristy places. Great service, would definitely go back!!Smack dead in the middle of French Quarter is the quintessential New Orleans courtyard type restaurant. Walk through the crowded bar to the back of the restaurant, follow the smell of food to the kitchen, make a left turn and a courtyard of generations beckons. If only these walls could talk. Stairs lead to a second story apartment type setting....apartments or short term rentals, hourly maybe? Don't know for sure. Did not see anyone go in nor come out while dining. Dare not ask what was going on up there. The courtyard was quaint and tropical with tables and chairs surrounding a fountain and murals painted on the walls. There was an older gentleman who seemed in charge quietly tending to the roses and branches. It is like stepping into a different world at another time.
The food was amazingly good. BBQ Shrimp--Shells on, perfectly seasoned and done in red wine, marvelous; Crab cakes--lumps of pure heaven, almost no filling; Andouille sausage--seasoned and cured; Gumbo-very hearty; Creole Jambalaya--very balanced; Crawfish Etouffé--fresh crawfish was probably squirming in the mud a few hours ago, great; Red Beans and Rice--fluffy rice with plum beans; Softshell Crab and garlic mashed potatoes--fresh and lively, creamy mash. A glass of White Truck Pinot Grigio/Pinot Gris and La Crema Pinot Noir accompanied the evening's offerings.
With the Gulf of Mexico receded and Lake Pontchartrain below the levees, New Orleans is on track to regaining it's luster. The French Quarter is kicking, Jazz and Blues rocking, winds and smells only of this enchanted city, great food, great courtyard restaurant, what more can one ask for...Five years ago, this place would have received a glowing five star review from me. I ate here the first time I ever came to New Orleans. I eventually moved to New Orleans and this used to be one of my favorite places to eat AND favorite places to bring out of town guests. There menu used to be a lot larger, they had amazing specials and the food was a lot more like fine dining. I loved it as a local and I loved it when I was a tourist.
Sadly I had to leave New Orleans and no longer live there. BUT I do get back every year or two to visit friends. Naturally I always want to go back to  this place since it was a favorite. Unfortunately over the last three years or so something has happened. The menu got more and more limited, service went downhill, and the food majorly took a dive. 
The final straw for this place was my visit two weeks ago. I was so excited to take my boyfriend to all the amazing places in New Orleans (especially places to eat). We were seated and served water right away. The server took our drink order and disappeared. After twenty minutes we started to stand up to leave and she suddenly came back. Took our food order, another 20-30 minutes later the food arrived. The food was TERRIBLE. I was so embarrassed when my boyfriend said "wow, I have never had a bad meal in New Orleans until now". 
I am so sad that this place has turned into a typical French Quarter tourist trap. They offer all the tourist favorites and nothing else. Which would be fine if those tourist favorites at least tasted good.
I do have to give ONE kudos to place though (which is why I at least gave it two stars). They have FABULOUS bloody Mary's! If you tell them you just want to have drinks in the courtyard, they will lead you back to a very pretty, classic French Quarter style courtyard. PERFECT for sipping blood Mary's on a hot day.I love the fried oysters here, not overly breaded as some are. Great service. They had this great bartender, a young lady who was spot on for martinis and at Christmas she hand cracked her candy canes for the best peppermint martini I ever had. I don't think she was there at all last Christmas and the awesome drink was sadly missed just as my hubby missed herCchristmas Cookie Doogh martini Whemn my friend from Ohio visits these are about the only fried oysters she wants..food was actually very good. place doesn't look attractive but food as great.Based on reviews we took a client to this french quarter restaurant. Nothing out of the ordinary on the menu and nothing done very well. The bar-b-qued shrimp was fairy good but the spices did not penetrate past the shells. The bread made good sopping material for the leftover sauce. There are many other's in NOLA that do the basics better.While wandering through the French Quarter looking at the menus outside restaurants, we were approached by "the jester" - one of the local street performers that makes Nawlins so colorful.  He strongly suggested that we avoid the tourist traps that we had been scoping out and head a block up to The Alpine.  He even gave us a coupon for a free appitizers with the purchase of one entree.  We walked in and were immediately told that the coupon wouldn't be honored because it was a holiday weekend.  When I reported that "the jester sent us" the manager said that she would be happy to give us the free app.  At the jester's recommendation we ordered the bbq shrimp.  Wow.  It was delicious and tasted so fresh and was well seasoned.  For the entree we split the blackened tilapia.  Again, wow.  Yummers.  I would definitely recommened this place to anyone looking to visit a place with some local flair and authentic food for a reasonable price.This tourist spot is probably a hit or miss, based on so many diverse reviews. I'm glad my visit was a hit.
I've never eaten here before, even though I'm in the quarter all the time. It''s so close to Jackson square and offers a standard Cajun/Creole fare which is not my first choice when dining out. I had a Groupon, so I finally gave this restaurant a try.
The menu has all the New Orleans classics to satisfy the tourists. But I think even locals can find something interesting and new to try out. I ordered the Praline Duck, but unfortunately they were out of it. It was Monday, they didn't get the delivery.
We had the crab cake appetizer (crunchy on the outside, dense on the inside, just like I like them, with a touch of sauce on top). We followed with the blackened catfish served with rice, red beans, and crawfish etouffee, as well as blackened mahi mahi with veggies and jambalaya. Everything was great, other then the cat fish was slightly overcooked. The jambalaya was one of the best I ever had. The side dishes were not too spicy, which is rare in the city. 
We also ordered the chocolate mousse Kahlua cake for desert. It was heavenly. Order it without the whipped cream and sauce - the cake is perfect on its own.
Our server was attentive, without being too pushy. The decor is a bit wild and all over the place, but that didn't bother me. They have a small plane model hanging on the ceiling dropping MRE's w/little parachutes! lolThe food: 
My jambalaya tasted like Prego spagetti sauce.  My husband did like his fried shrimp.
The service:
Don't know where they got this server.  He had no clue.  Funniest thing:  he served us a plate of butter with our bread.  For two diners, he gave us 18! pats of butter.  
The credit card computer went down at the end of the night, and they had no idea how to process our payment. 
Ambience:
Another diner in the courtyard saw 4 rats running up the stairs.  An employee said that was nothing; he has seen as many as 10.Avoid this place!! Also, this is NOT my first time in NOLA. 
I went here to get some BBQ shrimp (their signature dish, according to the rather dull menu). 
You can get the shrimp as an app or as dinner. The difference is the portion size. 
I asked our waitress how are the shrimp are prepared (there seems to be a LOT of variety here). She said, and note the quotes, "they are served in a red, soupy sauce". Swear!!! I'm like "HuuuuHHH?" 
Needless to say they came out and the sauce was OK, but the shrimp?? First off there was everything from popcorn size to prawns. OK fellow cooks, what are the chances they all cooked perfectly? Yeah, the big ones where cooked OK, the small ones.... you guessed it...overcooked. 
Now let's talk about quality. They were impossible to peel. For those of you who have never have traditional NOLA BBQ shrimp they are cooked whole, meaning, with the heads on. But just like crawfish, they are great this way and SHOULD be easy to peel and eat. 
Not these. I fought with them until i had enough. I'm assuming they were NOT fresh, thus the reason the meat had fused to the shell. 
I also ordered red beans and rice. No seasoning and little taste. The sauce the beans where in, was so watery. Look some advice for the cooks (i assume there hasn't been a chef in the kitchen in a while), drain the bean water out of the can, when you open your canned beans. 
The bread seemed fresh....the butter prepackaged. SCORE! 
1.5 stars.
Won't be back...I'll be at Pascal's Manale!!the steak was fork tender. Staff was great. Desert. Cocolate moose cake wwas excellent.  So good we went back the next night.After several hours doing the tourist thing in the French Quarter (walking a lot in the sun and partaking of some adult beverages), we were hungry and a little tired and saw this place which seemed to have a lot of character. We were seated quickly and our server, Tami, came over. She was absolutely wonderful! My partner and I were debating ordering the same two dishes, so we decided to get one each and then split them. Sautéed Shrimp over Caesar Salad, Blackened Shrimp PoBoy, and then I ordered Louisiana Lemonade to wash it all down. The drink was really good (and strong), and the food was also good. Nothing to rave about, but better than what I would expect from a bar/pub. The restaurant is also on a corner which means there are great views of the street to people watch. All in all, we both liked the food, ambience, and service enough to go back.We enjoyed the barbecued shrimp. The best part was dipping the bread into the left over sauce. It was even better than the shrimp. Our friend ordered a dish posted on the wall. Spicy boiled craw fish. He just assumed that it was the normal craw fish. Boy was he wrong. It was so hot he really suffered. I think he had to use Lamaze breathing just to get through it. The place had a nice local decor and friendly staff.Eh, this place is really not very good.
Slow service is a bummer, but this is NOLA...to have bad food, that is unforgivable.  They have food that skates dangerously close to bad...not good.Being a true Cajun I can say they have the worse seafood gumbo that I have ever eaten.  Jambalaya is just ok at best.   Past this place up and you would have lost nothing.So the restaurant looked like anything else seedy in the french quarter, but it was actually really good.  The food had a good earthy feel to it and our server was amazing, oozing southern charm.
The drinks were good and smooth.  The bread left something to be desired, but was a good vessel for sopping up the sauce from the shrip apps.
So good.If I could give this place a 0 I would. Worst food I've ever had in any city in the world. Sausage wasn't even defrosted (no I am not kidding) entirely when it came out. The chicken was microwaved so much that it was like chicken jerky. yes, it was microwaved. There's a taste and a dehydratedness to chicken when it is microwaved. Sent back the food and wouldn't even let them bring me anything else because it was so bad I was nauseous. They didn't charge me for the food I sent back, but didn't offer anything free. Waitress was embarrassed. Management apathetic. 
Stay away. Stay far, far, far away. This is a REALLY BAD tourist trap. 
However, if you want a Hurricane to walk with they do make a mean one. I guess that alone deserves the one star. It is the ONLY reason you should pass over that threshold.
You've been fairly warned.The wait for our food was a bit long, but had the corn/crab bisque and the pepper-crusted duck. Delicious!  And the hurricanes were amazing!!I was in a bad mood and tired (they go hand and hand).  I wanted dinner because I didn't feel like cooking, but didn't feel like going to my staple in New Orleans... Saw this place and decided to check it out.
Maybe I was just super hungry all the complaints that I am reading on here did not happen to us.  I had a small Greek salad and garlic fillet Mignon and well, it was awesome and hit the spot!  The waitstaff was super-super friendly and I honestly have to say that after I left, I was in a much better mood.  I would come back again and try something else.I have sent people from out-of-town to the Alpine for over 20 years, and no one has reported back a less-than-stellar experience, nor have I ever had one: tremendous food, excellent (if campy) service; better prices than other famous French Quarter restaurants. I haven't been there for 6-7 months I guess, but sent someone there on Saturday (12-8-12). She reported back that it was closed permanently. How sad.