Desperate times at work in the French Quarter today called for trying a new place for lunch.  We ordered the Porsche Prosciutto pizza from delivery, and it was delicious!  The crust was thin, crispy, and buttery.  The toppings were just right!  Great fresh salad greens on top of the pizza and the fresh tomatoes baked into the pie were to die for!  Will definitely be ordering again!Would've been perfect if they included the dressing to my salad or bring it to me when I called to tell them they didn't bring it. Never showed up. Otherwise the salad was delicious and the strawberry cheesecake was great!So delicious. Four of us ordered dinner and we were all equally impressed. This place is the bomb - huge menu, delivery and delicious foodOrdered one hour and 45 minutes ago. It is now 55 minutes past the latest delivery estimation. No contact....... ETA: so finally it shows up after I order from another place. I tell the guy I don't want a two hour old pizza. He says it is fresh from the oven. Nope, microwaved wings, fries, and the pizza order is missing toppings paid for, will never order from here again.I would to say this was a great tasting pizza.
But the address is a liquor store. You don't order there you order from the building next door to the right of the liquor store. Will be back to try it again and this time order a bigger pizza. If your in the area it's a must place to try!On our last night in the city, and after being at jazz fest in the sun shoulder to shoulder all day, we decided to just relax at the hotel and order some pizza for delivery.  
We stumbled upon Garbage Pizza and decided to give it a try.  We ordered their Subaru Spinach pizza and added bacon.  It has huge slices of tomatoes, spinach, feta, and roasted garlic.  We also grabbed an order of their cheesy garlic bread, which also featured roasted garlic, and mozzarella cheese.  The pizza was pretty good, no complaints there but I think it could use more cheese (just the cheese lover in me).  The cheesy bread was ok, nothing special.  The edge pieces had no cheese on them at all.  
Not a bad experience, but I doubt I'll remember their name.  Who knows, maybe I'll end up ordering again next time I'm in the city!Great service, even better pizza. Seriously this pizza was amazing, I will definitely be back again and again.Delicious! This place is a life saver. Just ordered using Eat Street app. Make sure you take advantage of the Happy Hour Pizza special. I've had them deliver about 10 times after a long day or a craving. Pizza d's doesn't always deliver depending on how busy they are. This place has a ton of variety and decent pricing. They may cut their pizza a little haphazardly but that's part of the fun! We get the Hawaiian. The sandwiches were also delicious.I found this place via Yelp as I had just arrived in New Orleans and needed pizza delivery prior to running a half marathon the next morning. Although my hotel had several places listed I decided to listen to my fellow Yelpers and boy am I glad I did. 
I had initially decided just to order a pizza but after looking at the inventive menu (consisting of pizzas named after autos - hence the Garage Pizza) I  decided to take the advice of the yelp reviews I settled on a T-Bird Trio Sampler, Garlic Cheese Bread, and a small two topping pie. 
Now lets start with the T-Bird Sampler. I guess the best way to describe this is sampling of the best that the South has to offer - Crawfish pasta, fried green tomato and a Crabcake with remoulade sauce. I was sure that the crawfish pasta would be my least favorite as I have not been a crawfish in the past, but this was the creamiest, tastiest sauce.It was spiced really nicely to have some kick, but not too much where it was unbearable to eat.  If this is what crawfish pasta is supposed to taste like I am tossing out my prejudices and am now a life long fan of crawfish. The crabcake and sauce was extremely tasty and my hubby and I fought over who got the largest piece. The least thrilling of the three was the fried green tomatoes. I have had them numerous times before bing from the South, but they were a little bland and left a lot to be desired. 
What I had of the pizza I enjoyed the reason I say that is I thought my husband would eat 2-3 pieces and leave me one. when I happened to notice what was happening he was working his way through the fourth and final piece. When I complained he had eaten all the pizza, including my mushrooms he offered me the half eaten piece and placed a mushroom that had fallen into the box onto the half a slice. Who says true love is dead ?
The garlic cheese bread was adequate. By the time I got to it it wasn't warm. By all accounts and reviews I read this was enjoyed as an appetizer and I got it as delivery and had it last so  I can not blame it all on Garage. 
The clear winners were the pizza for my hubby and the crabcake and crawfish pasta for myself. The pasta was just amazing and I think I am going to have to step int my kitchen to see if I am capable of creating something half as sensational.Ehhh...you get what u get with delivery at 10 pm on a sat night in a crazy city. Wouldn't go out if my way to order from here. Ours came and was a lovely shade of yellow and black polka-dotted cheese pizza. It reminded me of when my mama would make me grilled cheese and it would bubble on top and then burn. Hey, at least it brought up a funny memory. It also gave us a laugh and a new memory as I'm on a girl trip with my teenager.Very good pizza with good amount of toppings. 
A bit greasy, but not too much. Hould be a little greasy, right? 
Really enjoyed it. 
Also, wasn't too long a time for delivery - 35 min - roughly.
Try it, you'll like it!Try to order from this website good luckThe food was actually pretty good, but would have been better if it was delivered on time. Delivery took 45 minutes longer than the maximum time I was quoted, and was no longer hot. Part of the enticement of cheese is having hot, melty cheese, but the cheese in my calzone and feta wraps was lukewarm and not that appealing. In addition, the wraps and calzone crust was overly done. Despite the long delivery time and temperature of the food, the taste was above average, but because of the other factors, the flavor and overall experience was much less.Really good, fresh food that arrived fast!  The bruschetta looked amazing and would've been probably one of the best I have ever tasted if it was dressed with the balsamic vinaigrette as promised-- imagine it was still good, though!  Lots of prosciutto and tasty bread with fresh spring mix// can't wait to order again (with a side of balsamic!)
Also had lasagna, which was traditional with a sweet sauce and lots of cheese!  Served with spring mix salad and some tummy garlic cheese bread - definitely a keeper!This little place a bit hidden in the back of Mike's Food Store on St Claude, is a great secret! They have a $5 personal size pizza happy hour and hooked me up with a great vegan version leaving off the cheese but adding great vegetables. I so so appreciated it! I get the impression that they are still fairly new and hope they do fantastic. They deserve it. Delicious at a great price point with super friendly service.Really good, fresh food that arrived fast!  The bruschetta looked amazing and would've been probably one of the best I have ever tasted if it was dressed with the balsamic vinaigrette as promised-- imagine it was still good, though!  Lots of prosciutto and tasty bread with fresh spring mix// can't wait to order again (with a side of balsamic!)
Also had lasagna, which was traditional with a sweet sauce and lots of cheese!  Served with spring mix salad and some tummy garlic cheese bread - definitely a keeper!
Just upped to five stars... Tried the chicken Alfredo and it was delicious...creamy, seasoned well and the chicken was amazing!  So impressed and blessed to have yet another incredible delivery option!Waited two hours, when the wait was supposed to be 40 minutes. Called a few times and they didn't answer the phone, called one last time and the girl seemed indifferent when we told her the problem so we cancelled the order. Disappointed.Review is for delivery.
The pizza was good, I decide the true mark of a pizza is if it tastes good cold and this one passes the challenge. I also got the fried green tomatoes and they were also tasty. Delivery came in the time frame of the email and the driver called me when he arrived. We have a winner folks.First- outstanding pizza!  Second- staff here was helpful and delivered beyond expectation.  Top quality and high service.  We recommend to anyone.  We are here in vacation, but wish we had a place like this back in our town. Thanks for the great experience!So, this spot is definitely a hidden treasure. I will say however, the location is slightly sketchy. It's on St Claude in the back of Mike's Convenience Store. The service was wonderful though and the pizza was delicious. We ordered the cheesy bread and the Prosciutto Porsche Pizza. I'd recommend taking advantage of their happy hour from 4-7 because large specialty pizzas are only $10.My pizza was burnt. It was also taken out of the oven & cut without gloves after the guy just got done taking my money and doing other things. It's unsanitary & I wouldn't return.Very good, but the toppings weighted down the crust and it was tough to keep it together.First time I ordered for delivery. Omg great food and wonderful service. Thank you  for my food. The lasagna is amazing and the cheese pizza fries... yum! 
Picture includedI didn't realize this place existed until today and was only 4 blocks from me. I was shocked at how quickly they delivered my pizza and I was pleasantly surprised at the awesome pizza. The green peppers were very fresh and the crust was perfect. Everything tasted very fresh. Great sauce. I also included wings in my order and these I found to be a little too salty and were a bit burned. However, the pizza was so good I didn't care about the wings.This place is pretty damn good! This was the first food I ate when I moved in to the neighborhood. Love it!decent pizza. totally fresh. the people are so cool  a los angeles lady can appreciate their kind serviceThe only reason I didn't give 5 stars is bc it took over an hour for us to have pizza delivered on a Sunday evening. 
It was worth the wait! We ordered a normally pepperoni pizza and a 1/2 Jaguar Jambalaya and 1/2 Mustang mushroom. 
The pepperoni was amazing.. wonderful flavor and the crust is to die for. 
The Jag Jambalaya is fairly spicy..the combination and sauce were delightful! I loved it my friend did not due to the spice.
The Mustang mushroom I didn't care for but my friend loved. I do really like mushrooms but it just wasn't there for me.Here from out of town for a couple nights bc my daughter had surgery at children's. After a long day we just wanted something simple like a good hot pizza. They delivered to our hotel which was nice and I met her in the lobby. Super nice lady but the pizza unfortunately sucked. It was so soggy that you couldn't even hold it to eat...no joke, you couldn't pick it up without it flopping back down and that's with me ordering it well done lol. We got fresh garlic on the pizza also and the chunks were literally almost the size of the pepperoni. Needless to say you really couldn't even eat the pizza... Which truly sucks when your tired and just dropped 40 bucks on food you won't eat! Nothing, that's what's for dinner lol. Maybe an off night for them.We ordered delivery, first of all someone that delivers to my house is awesome..we ordered spinach and feta rolls, bruschetta, hot wings, manicotti and the Buick pizza btw love the names of the pizza..it was awesome, scrumptious, delicious all the other wonderful descriptive words you can think of..defiantly ordering again..and that food was like $50 with a $1 delivery charge..next Saturday guys i want the same thing..yall rock!!!Should have known by the manner in how they didn't answer the phone and then called me back through another phone line...but I ordered anyway. Food arrived cold, over and above not completely being what i ordered. I paid a lot for the worst meal in my 2nd day stay in NOLA so far. Looking forward to a new day searching out and finding better food than this little bit...good luck if you roll with these guys as they evidently have some very good days and some very bad ones judging from the reviews.Over an hour for delivery, beyond the estimated time and they did not have items I ordered. Not exactly a great impression.This was solid pizza, and the Caesar salad was ENORMOUS. My husband and I agreed the pizza has a NYC flavor to it.Fast easy delivery. Excellent calzone. The bruschetta was very good as well. The woman works very hard into the night and deserves a vacayI ordered spaghetti and meatballs and a Caesar salad. Salad was just ok. Wasn't crazy about the dressing. The spaghetti was just ok, too. Don't think I would order it again.  Didn't have much sauce and I didn't like the thick pasta.  The meatballs were ok!  
Delivery took an hour but it was FQF so I totally understood!  I would give a second chance and try the pizza.Not bad pizza, but management is poor. They didn't deliver all the order, and the delivery driver didn't receive my phone number from the ordering person to call me on the phone once they arrived. Not great, but not bad.I've heard so many great things about this place I wish I could give it 5 stars. The best thing about this place is the vast menu and many vegetarian options. I ordered the arugula salad and the spinach and artichoke pizza. The arugula salad was a huge pile of arugula with a bit of extra toppings, it was a disappointing salad for $9. The pizza was decent but very dry and the crust was hard. We ordered at 5pm on a Monday and delivery took 80 minutes when it was estimated at 45-55 minutes.Great pizza. But my sour cream that came with the black pizza was kinda rancid. Late and fast delivery. Great find.It's really hard to find anyone who is willing to deliver food in this city, so that alone earns them two stars. It also arrived very quickly, another plus! The black bean pizza was good, but the overall experience was underwhelming for the price.$48 for a salad,large pizza,and breadsticks. The dressing and marinara sauce were also cloyingly sweet. 
However, I would still order from them again if I was in need of delivery and unwilling to leave my house for food; or what we like to call at my house, a typical Sunday.Visiting from out of town I needed someplace that would deliver.  The car theme caught my attention and the pictures made my mouth water.   I ordered the crab cakes and Camaro Calzone.   The food was sooo good.   But,  be warned,  delivery takes a while.  They said 45-55 min.  The driver called at 55 to say he would be late (at least he called!).  The food was still hot when I received it.We never knew this place existed and then one day it showed up on one of the delivery apps while I was at work in lakeview. Wow. This place is so good! We got a sandwich and pizza and it was delicious. Not to me they came all the way out of their way to deliver it.I was super excited about this pizza but... it took an hour and 20 minutes to receive it when it was supposed to be received within 45 minutes. I called twice, the second time I called the excuse was that the driver was stuck behind the train (seriously? For over 30 minutes? Doubtful). 
Furthermore, we ordered just one pizza for about $14 and gave the driver a $20 when I asked him for change and told him to keep $2 of it for tip, which was more than fair considering how late it was, the man informed me that he didn't have change so he kept kept the whole $20 (about a $5-6 tip!!!) as we had nothing else to give him. What pizza delivery guy doesn't bring change? We we forced to give about a 40% tip for a pizza that was over 30 minutes late!!! I am all for tipping generously when deserved but I resent being forced to tip outrageously especially after how late it was. 
The saving grace for this review is that the pizza was indeed good and the driver was polite. But I'd probably get delivery from a chain instead next time.Walked in to get a sandwich. Got their vegetarian mushroom sandwich, and it was really good. It was large and came with a nice salad. Service was great. Prices are good. Would definitely come back.Over an hour and a half wait on a Thursday , woman on phone was extremely rude, the pizza itself was undercooked,bland and soggy , $25 later...I ordered the Curried Tofu platter as a Segway into my new life as a vegan  and a small one-topping (olive) pizza. The pizza was bland, the sauce, uninspiring...but the Curried tofu was delicious. The delivery driver seemed ornery and wanted me to come out in the rain  but I implored him to come -silently agreeing with myself that if he did, I would leave him a nice tip. He not only didn't have change but left the order a dollar short as my total was a modest 20.96. "Don't you need to cover the dollar?" I asked the driver. "Don't worry about it," he said. I was dumbfounded. What delivery driver doesn't have change...? I then told him, "I was going to give you a tip!" He looked at me a bit taken aback, and then shrugged, "Maybe next time." Oh well. As things stand, there may not be a next time, but that Curried Tofu was delicious. We shall see. Overall, the food arrived at a reasonable time and folks are (strangely) human (including delivery drivers, what a concept!) All in all, the experience was average. Hence the three stars...Got delivery. Took well over an hour, which they said 45 minutes, called at the hour mark to ask when they thought it might be arriving and she said 3 minutes. 20 minutes later it showed up. Pizza was delicious but the feta rolls were confusing and soaked in grease.Hit or miss with this place. But when they hit, they really hit. If getting delivery, be prepared to wait. Gentrification prices without the experience. But I have mixed feelings about that. I like the owner though. A businesswoman out here doing it. Try it! Especially if you can plan ahead.Zero stars. Do not order delivery. If you have sauces for anything, your entire order will be soaked and soiled for a good 30-45 minutes before it gets to you, and don't pay upcharges for anything unless you make sure its actually there. You basically pay for an "iou" that you'll never get.This is not "fast food" so don't expect super fast delivery. As long as you don't anticipate delivery less than an hour (hour and a half is reality) then you will be quite pleased. 
This is my pizza place in New Orleans. The food is consistently good and you definitely get your money's worth ! The Happy Hour specials can't be beat ! 
I usually order the Spinach Artichoke Pizza. In my opinion, it's the best in the city. Generous toppings and very fresh tasting. 
Tonight I also tried the Subaru Spinach Pizza - similar to the Spinach Artichoke, but the roasted garlic was calling me. It did not disappoint. I also got the Malibu Meatball Sandwich. If you like a sweet sauce, this is the sandwich for you. It even taste great reheated for leftovers ! 
You won't find a cheaper delivery and solid food quality. Just don't expect it quick and you'll be happy you ordered here !This is by most one of those places that if you don't know where it is then you won't find it .. I kept hearing good stuff about this place so last night I gave it a shot . I'll start off by saying it only has one table to prepare to get it to go . Amazing pizza and all of the ingredients are locally grown , will definitely be back to try other pizzasBest pizza in the Bywater! It's not greasy and they are generous with their toppings. Chicken wings are SPICY but good! Totally going with them for pizza night from now on!Garage Pizza!
Man, this place ROCKS!
Hidden deceptively in the back of a small bodega on St Claude, they makes some of the best pizza in the 504.
Happy Hour Specials from 4-7, my favorite is the Personal Pan Jambalya Pizza.
A little messy, but so worth the massy fingers.
Give these folks a try, let me know what you think.Awesome, tasty, delicious & nutritious vegan food options!!!  Thanks for putting love into my healthy food and making it SO worthwhile and satisfyingEven though the sign is small (it's right next to Mike's food store) the flavor is BIG!! The pizza was amazing and the service was even better! Definitely my new pizza place!Another satisfied customer! The pepperoni pizza and crawfish pasta was very tasty. I will definitely order againIncredibly good! I am a restaurant industry veteran and never go in to a restaurant 20 min to close if I want good food and happy cooks making it lol. I was dubious when we ordered to go no less with 20 min to close on a tues night but even though our delivery was 30 min late it was warm but extremely tasty! Can't imagine how good it will be when hot one day . Will order again! Awesome Calzone, Spinach and Artichoke ! Yum. Fresh ingredients and a menu full of things to look forward to eating!Their Garage Specialty pizza is to die for-especially like the arugula (totally unexpected but really a unique combination).  Do not expect immediate delivery, as these are handcrafted to your specifications.  Very nice local folks-I'd much rather patronize their establishment vs nationwide chain.They have moved to the spot besides Mike's.  Pizza is still just as good.  The woman who runs this business is well worth supporting.  She works super hard and makes great food.Ordered a veggie pizza which was okay. The crawfish pasta did not have any flavor. It was very bland with very little seasoning.I hear the pizza is great,  and so i called and first got hung up on then called back and woman asked carry out or delivery and i said delivery...she said hour and half delivery because of a parade......and i  said there is a parade in neighborhood.. sounds like a regular excuse.....and she said downtown....i said well i'm burgundy and Frenchmen....you are on st Claude there is no parade here......so ....i cant review food....  it might be good ....but they  need to get the "stuff" together....Had the Pepperoni and the Cutlass Supreme. Was really good! Kids loved them. Great to have another good pizza place in the neighborhood.Don't bother. We ordered delivery and were quoted a 30 minute delivery window, the latest being an hour from the order time. After about 2 hours we called the place and were told that the drive was "on the way". When I remarked that it had been quite a bit of time, the person on the phone rudely told me that "we're in the bywater" suggesting that since our house was relatively far away from the restaurant, we should expect to wait. I understand that you're probably busy on a Friday night but the least you could do is be polite about it. Also, you should probably update your wait time algorithms so customers know what to expect.
When the food came, it was luke-warm at best. The mushroom pizza was basically just some cheese with mushrooms haphazardly thrown on. The okra tasted good, but was soggy and cold.
If you're in bywater there are definitely better places to get pizza and if you're ordering delivery avoid this place.Really good pizza. We had the Porsche and enjoyed it in the courtyard. Very fun and welcoming staff. Thank you Tracy for the entertainment. Looking forward to eating there again.This place is kinda terrible. Always over an hour and 20 minutes to get your food, and they have gotten my order wrong every time. Pizza is not the worst you e ever had but certainly not worth the wait, or the order that undoubtedly will be wrong.*this review is for a delivery order*
One of the BEST meals I have had in recent memory. The pizza was perfect, greasy & delicious with a sweet (love sweet sauce) pizza sauce. The bruchetta was huge and delicious. We also ordered spaghetti and met balls and OMG the spaghetti sauce was again sweet and amazing. Order here if you feel like staying in a night and not going out for dinner in NOLA. You will be pleased!
Delivery was also quick and everything was HOT!Excellent food and also has fast delivery if you're not feeling like going out. He veggie choices are really good and the ingredients very fresh. The service and folks who work there are super friendly.Excellent pizza.  I really like the Bronco Black Bean pizza and the Eggplant Escalade.  Fried okra is also excellent.  Great selection of vegetarian dishes.  Soba noodles and black beans are good and the portions generous. Not at all what you'd expect from what first looks like a hole in the wall.  The place is a little hard to find because it's actually in Mike's Food Store and there isn't a sign saying "Garage Pizza" outside.  Staff is great; super friendly.  Happy hour prices from 4-7 make it an especially good deal.All gluten free options! Delicious options. 10' is good for two people.  Unless you hungry hungry. LolI wish I could give zero stars. We ordered three things-a pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni, the feta rolls, and a Caesar salad. Lets start with the pizza. They forgot the mushrooms and the crust was undercooked, almost raw and soggy. The sauce was so sweet we jokingly said"let's save this to sweeten our coffee in the morning". It was like candy, and seemed like it was about to go bad. The feta rolls were okay, but again with the gross pizza sauce for dipping. The salad was simple but the croutons were hard. Not crispy, ROCK solid. I could have used them as weapons. The dressing was thick and I am pretty sure just fish paste. Gross. I still get queasy thinking about this mess. Wouldn't recommend.Ordered the fried green tomatoes and cutlass supreme pizza!  OMG! So good. Delivery was fast and the price was reasonable! Will be ordering here againGood tasty pizza, but would prefer cut into large 8 "foldable" thin slices rather than 12 thick small slices.If I would have known an online pickup order that was paid in full in advance with a confirmation text quoting a time it would be ready would have been 30 minutes late because someone's phone died, who walked into the restaurant using their phone while making said excuse, I wouldn't have tipped.Our Airbnb was just two blocks from this place. It was late and we were hungry so we decided to order a pizza and some lasagna from here. It turned out better than expected!
This place is INSIDE of a liquor/market store. We were a little confused about the location but
Were able to figure it out. 
We ordered a pizzas and the lasagna plate. We were told that the lasagna is homemade! The sauce was delicious (a bit more sweet than salty though) and the pizza was soooo cheesy.The food has VASTLY improved here in the last 8 months and now we order quite frequently. Super easy to order online also.  Main complaint is that delivery usually takes twice as long as they say-literally it takes almost two hours every single time we order and we live blocks away. And half the time it's cold so it's not even worth ordering.  The other side is that when it's good it's good-it's just a toss up.Seriously amazing bruschetta and great pizza.  Wasn't even sure I was at the right place to pick up our food as it's just a plain door next to Mikes Food Store with a tiny neon "pizza" sign.  Woman working there was super nice and the food was excellent.   Will be back to try everything else.Very large pizzas! Would order from again. Delivery was a little slow, but not excessive.Be careful ordering delivery online from Garage Pizza. I ordered a large pizza, breakfast calzone, 2 pizza fries, and fried green tomatoes. I was quoted an hour for delivery which makes sense with so much food and being a busy lunch time. 
Then I got a call to confirm my order and to inform me that they were out of fried green tomatoes. I thanked them and substituted for fried okra and was still happy and waiting. 
Around a half an hour after my quoted delivery time I was getting restless and my SO was super hangry. So I called them to see how far out our lunch was so we at least could focus on it coming and not it being late. They answered and informed me that my order had been cancelled. They weren't sure exactly who cancelled it but their system showed it had been cancelled. I was upset because just 45 mins earlier it had been confirmed. They apologized for the confusion and offered to have the restaurant manager to call me back to help me. I said "that would be great" and they replied by hanging up. 
I never received food or a return call. I was still fully charged for the $70.18 in food that I never got. I am in the process of trying to get my money back but the restaurant won't answer my calls or the delivery app support's calls. I have reported them to PayPal but buyer beware. :/Phenomenal pizza. Period. Point blank, dot com. No questions. Cant stand it, sit down.Tasty, New York style pizza for take out.
Traditional pepperoni Extra Large pie is the way to go. 
Large pizzas. Must buy whole pie,  is not a "slice" by slice eatery. 
Not a dine in type of pizza place. 
Black owned and woman owned. 
Located in a historical part of the city. Easy and free street parking. Easy to locate. 
Service is quick, so can't really comment there.Good grief. Tried ordering delivery for lasagna and feta rolls. Wanted crab cakes but they were out of them. Guess they aren't good at ordering enough ingredients for a weekend night. Anyway, the guy who took my order never called back and gave me my total like he said he would and told me my food would be to me in 45-50 mins. Asked why so long and he said they were busy. Fine. An hour and 10 mins later I call to check to see what is going on and was told it was on the way. I live about 5 mins away, should've been there any second if the girl wasn't lying. An hour and a half later I call again and am told the same thing. Now I'm starting to think about how the food is gonna be ice cold by the time I gets here after sitting so long with them being so lazy getting it here. Two hours after I initially ordered I gave up and cancelled it. The girl who answered wasn't the least bit concerned about losing a customers business permanently. I refuse to go into this grungy, sketchy place which is why I'd need delivery but they continuously have issues with actually showing up with the food. This is the last time I'll ever try to order and will make sure to warn as many people as possible to avoid it.This pizza was soooo good.  Plain cheese with roasted garlic.  The sauce is bland, but the cheese and tough garlic flavor blasted through.  So good.  I'm just confused at the pricing structure.  A 10" pizza with roasted garlic was $10. Make it a 14" and it grew to $28.  WTF?  That seems really excessive.  Though I live around the corner I won't be ordering again.