Wow - seriously under whelmed. the serve was not personable. Menus and later all dishes were dropped with no details or even a simple "enjoy". The waiter could not give good recommendations regarding entree choice. So we, started with duck based on other yelp reviews - it was the best dish of the night. the filet was cooked well but very uninventive - very bland. I should have asked for steak sauce. The red snapper was dry. Three glasses of wine later and two deserts and no sign of the server - the maitre d' finally stopped by to ask how the meal was and we finally had the chance to inquire on the flavors of sorbet. 
All in all a very disappointing "gem".we had dinner here after a week in New Orleans and it was well worth the wait! Service was wonderful as was the food! Appetizers were amazing, main course excellent and dessert delicious! i had the scallops and filet, while my boyfriend had the duck and veal and we shared the creme brulee for dessert . everything was absolutely perfect. dinner with a bottle of wine and dessert was around $180 and well worth it!  the location is small and is tucked back in a beautiful neighborhood so keep your eyes peeled when looking for it.When I first arrived, I was a little surprised at how Gautreau's blended in with the rest of the houses. It was kind of hard to tell it was a restaurant on the outside, but the wooden bench in front of the window to your left should be a good sign that you're at the right place. 
Atmosphere
I felt like I was dining in someone's home back in the day with candles and live piano music (but I totally didn't notice if there was any music at all). Gautreau's has a pretty fancy setting, but it's not snobby and pretty welcoming. Perhaps the dark, painted walls set the tone for the evening. The bathroom's pretty small (one stall) and not well lit; I felt like Harry Potter who lived under the stairs. And sitting near the door wasn't terrible, surprisingly enough. It can get a little loud, but not to the point where you can't hear the person you're next to. Gautreau's is definitely a place you can take a date worthy of splurging on. 
=================================
Food
We shared an appetizer + salad, but they were amazing and split it onto two dishes for us. Scallops + crawfish appetizer - everything on this plate was pretty fresh, nothing chewy or dry. It was a pretty light dish, which is what it's supposed to be. I hate it when appetizers can be doubled as entrees sometimes!
Pineapple + watercress salad - slices of watercress and one circle slice of pineapple was pretty much it. there wasn't much else to it; nothing really stood out besides there being a lot more watercress than pineapple. So i did ate the pineapple last lol :) 
Sauteed flounder - crispy and buttery on its own. the fish was just fish by itself, but when you eat it when the vegetables it lied on top of, it was just delightful! perfect balance flavors and texture, which made it very easy to eat the entire plate. the best part was combining the flounder + blood oranges. i almost feel embarrassed for cleaning off my plate :X 
Homemade sorbet - perfect way to finish a perfectly balanced dinner. start light, end light! the berries were tart, and the sorbet was delicious. the mint flavored one was quite interesting to say the least. it's a pretty big plate that'll serve 2 people, but if you're feeling ambitious or don't want to share, order one for yourself :)
=================================
Service
I expected nothing less than excellent, and that was exactly what I got. Hostess was polite and inviting (even asked how our evening was doing later on). The server was attentive but not annoying. He was very helpful, recommending and describing items to the T. Awesome. 5 stars for service
Overall, a pretty good experience. The meal was pretty on point. I didn't feel bloated or hungry still after leaving. Service was great, people were polite, and the bathroom was clean! No complaints here =)OMG....wow.
Took my gilfriend here for her birthday dinner this year and we both came away VERY impressed. The halibut and grouper we had were delicious and the syrah we hadwas a perfect pairing. The atmosphere inside was everything I expect from a high end restaurant and absolutely love how it's set in a residential neighborhood without any sign or tagging from teh outside. You really need to know where you're going to find this place as it blends in perfectly but it's definitely worth it!Wonderfull atmosphere.  Great scallop appetizer. Duck breast with figs perfectly cooked. Filet exceptional. Service was attentive, not rushed. Best meal in New Orleans. We will certainly return!!"Let's say when we get down to New Orleans, we break out some of that cash and have ourselves a good dinner. He would have wanted it that way..." 
Billy in Easy Rider
I would dare say that if Captain America and Billy had busted out their cash from that teardrop tank and spent it at Gautreau's they might have decided to stay Uptown and not have wound up dead on the roadside. 
Folks, this is fine dining at its finest. Everything is spot on and dialed in. The sazeracs are as they should be, and the duck confit is nothing to sneeze at, but the best is yet to come. I was surprised at the steak, as that was an unexpected gem. The veal cheeks are a sublime treat as well. The dessert though (pecan crunch) with little cherry kabooms was what really knocked my socks off. 
 "Buy the ticket, take the ride"- Hunter S. Thompson.After reading series of well received reviews, I booked a romantic dinner for two during our trip to NOLA. We arrived via street car in the Garden District where our reserved table was waiting. The night was a little chilled with a sleight drizzle in the air as we strolled up the quaint gas lit neighborhood where Gautreau's Restaurant resides.
Upon arrival, It felt as though we were invited to an elegant dinner party at a close friend's home. A very beautiful and intimate patron space with a set number of tables. We soon found the menu equally reflected this thoughtful attention as well.
We ordered cocktails, the French Martini was delicious and well balanced. The starter was a celery/parsnip bisque with fresh crab meat which I found to be wonderfully pureed, but lukewarm and under seasoned. 
The main of the evening was a house special, blackened sea bass filet seared with the skin on. Though very flavorful in seasoning without being overly dominate to the protein, it didn't taste as 'daily fresh' as it should have. On the other hand, the bed of dice roasted potatoes, beets, and lilted Swiss chard with a balsamic reduction was the clear winner on the plate.
Dessert was a pairing of vanilla bean creme brulee with Rowan's Creek single barrel bourbon... nothing beats simplicity here! 
The largest complaint we had that left a sour taste in our mouths from what was an otherwise delicious meal, was that of our male server. Yes, he took our orders, brought warm rolls and refilled our water glasses when ASKED, but paid no interest in us enough to accomplish these tasks by simple table observation nor could he answer a few questions about the restaurant or it's menu. I certainly saw him manage to dance around two adjacent tables with businessmen, but to neglect our patronage so blatantly by not even bothering to ask how our food tasted... was an experience killer that John Singer Sargent himself could have done without.
I sincerely feel chef Sue Zemanic has a passionate sense of classic fare with an exclusive flare, but unfortunately for us, the overall dining experience was a bit tepid.We had not been to Gautreau's in 20 years and decided to return for our 25th wedding anniversary trip. This flawless Uptown stalwart never disappointed us when we lived down the street, and 20 years later it still wowed us with food, drinks and service. Everything we had was perfectly prepared, and the Maitre d' even whipped up a Fitzgerald for me. Thanks for the new memory!Great restaurant in a great location. We both ordered the steak, soooo good. Really, it was greatI wouldn't say it was the best meal of my life but Gautreau's is a nice old-school NOLA restaurant with solidly concepted and flawlessly executed dishes (the food is much more interesting and fresh than the overly formal and outdated decor).  The service started a bit slow but improved throughout the evening and the wine list was fairly well chosen if much smaller than I would have expected at a restaurant of this caliber.  Overall, it's certainly not cheap so expect to drop $200 for 2 people including drinks, tax, and tip but the food here was definitely better than Commander's Palace and other higher profile restaurants in town so I'm looking forward to going back when an occasion comes up.
P.S.  Make sure you have the address - there's really no signage outside and it's a bit tough to find.Yet again Gautreau's did not disappoint. This time my wife and I invited six other diners to experience the Gautreau's treatment. Service was again personable and attentive. The wine list actually seemed more interesting than ever and the food was impeccably prepared. The staff did a great job accommodating our large party. This place is platinum.I have recently been to a dozen restaurants in NOLA and they have all been good to great.  Food here was below average. Service was absolutely horrible.  Don't go hereThe first thing I'll say is the management did the right thing by picking up the entire tab for the Four of us. Nonetheless, this was the single worst meal and experience I can remember in my 35 years of living in New Orleans at a highly rated restaurant.
I'd eaten at Geautreau's 20 years ago and it was quite good. I made a reservation for my wife's birthday as she had never been there and we had just moved back to New Orleans. Long story short, we were seated close to our res time of 8:30 on a Saturday . Busy of course but it took 30  minutes to get a drink. I ordered an nice bottle of wine and 20 minutes later we got menus. The appys came out Round 9:30 and we didn't receive bread or even a visit from the waiter till   10:45 when he stopped and said curtly the entrees were coming out shortly. At 11:00 I corralled the manager and he went to the kitchen and 5 minutes later our poorly prepared entrees came out. Bottom line, screw this place and the arrogant wait staff.
In a city with Le petit Grocery, Shaya, Cochon, Peche ,Compere LAPIN, and 20 others like these stellar places, there is no reason to come anywhere near Geautreau's  except to admire the architecture on Soniat.We were very very excited for our dinner at Gautreau's . We just spent close to $500 on a dinner there and I was extremely disappointed. The waitress didn't bring the wine list for over 15 minutes. The fois gras someone in our party ordered was very good. My soup of the day - a bisque with crab - was very bland. The "crispy duck" was NOT crispy at all and very tough. My cannelloni was good - but not exceptional. Finally, the desert. We ordered the dark chocolate desert and the pound cake. The dark chocolate desert seemed rancid and sour. There as something wrong with this desert - it was just awful. We told the waitress - but she just ignored us and turned away. When we left the restaurant, the 4 of us in our party were outside chatting for a few minutes before leaving when a man - who I think was the maitre d' ran out of the restaurant yelling "SIR" - YOU TOOK THE WRONG RECEIPT!!!" We said, sorry and looked in our purses to see what we had. We exchanged receiptes with no "thank you" from the maitre d. He was very accusatory and rude. We took the opportunity to tell him about the desert. He said "I'll look into it". Not at all the kind of experience or treatment I would expect for a $500 dinner. Not recommended.Pros: Lovely interior, focused uncomplicated menu, great neighborhood, small living room feel.
Cons: Small portions, and the waiter seemed to disappear as soon as it was obvious we weren't going to be dropping $400 like the table next to us. No "how was everything?," no "can I get you anything else?" Just dropped us. 
It didn't ruin the experience, but I'd try something else before I went back.Romantic, intimate, elegant, local, delicious.  Every dish was fantastic and the service couldn't be better. My husband took me here for the first time on my birthday, which was also (unbeknownst to me) the night he would propose to me. Although the proposal happened elsewhere that evening, now we come here on our anniversary or Valentine's Day to commemorate that wonderful night. Will always be a special place to us :)This place is just OK in my opinion.  I have been here 3 times and cannot say that the food here is better than average (when it comes to gourmet dining)
The only items worth getting here are the Foie Gras Torchon with Poached Peach and the Duck Confit.  
I have had most of the entree's here and am not impressed.  
If you are looking for cozy ambiance, good drinks, and appetizers, this is a good place to go.
On the other hand, I would not go here for a full dinner.  Many better places availableHusband had a work dinner here, so it was a fixed menu, but his review of the scallops, filet and chocolate dessert moved this to the top of the list for our next special occasion.I rarely write reviews but this place was so delightful that I felt compelled to! 
Went at 8:30 on a Monday night. Place was pretty desolate - about 4 tables. Service was excellent. Food/drink delivery was paced well - too many times restaurants rush you, especially when you're so close to closing time. I got the crispy sweetbreads and the scallop apps (not an entree person) and my husband got the pork belly app and Grouper special entree. We shared the cheese plate for dessert. Seriously, everything was amazing. My husband and I live most of our time in Manhattan and the rest here. Too often in New Orleans do I find food to be overwhelmingly fried/salty/too rich, but everything here was amazing. I thought the prices weren't outrageous at all, but then again, I've been in NYC the past decade. Can't wait to go back next time!!I've been the Gautreau's a few times.  My favorite part about this is how tucked into the uptown neighborhood it is and that there's really no signage outside making you feel like you're in on a secret.  The food is very good.  I do think that it's the kind of restaurant that if you're a regular and the know you, you probably get excellent service.  But for the rest of us, it just doesn't meet the expectations I have when going to a fine dining restaurant.  It's expensive, easy to spend $70-100/person.  I just don't get the kind of special feeling I do at comparable restaurants (commanders, Galatoires, Broussards, etc).  I wish either the service or the food were more spectacular every time I go.I ate here with my friends once, and we had a great time. The food was delicious, and we were treated really well. It's a great place to go to for any occasion. The Uptown location is a great perk too. Would highly recommend.Very solid meal and my favorite of my trip to New Orleans. Excellent service and a gracious chef sealed the deal. 
Potato leek soup du jour was delicious with crab on top. Roasted chicken was well prepared with an addictive rosemary jus. Banana split dessert was whimsical and more than enough to share.Fantastic Uptown venue. Great creativity and great service. Wine list appeals to all price points. They had three years of Bond cab. Definite top ten of NOLA. No rush, great attention. The sides had great appeal. Caters with fish, foul and steak. Notice the fresh bread. Excellent.One of the best meals we have ever had. Started with scallops, then okra/pickled quail egg/heirloom tomato salad, followed by duck breast and beet gnocchi, finished with chocolate hazelnut terrine. Every bite was amazing. What a wonderful experience.I won a meal tasting and wine paring through the Tipitina's Foundation (of whom you should definitely support!) and decided to take a date here the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. Everything, and I mean everything, was perfectly done by all levels of the establishment. 
To start it off, I got a friendly reminder of my reservation the day of on my mobile phone which was quite pleasant. When it came time to leave my date and I did the only responsible thing we could and not drive to the establishment and had a very nice stroll through Uptown. The restaurant is in a converted house in a residential section of the city and as one would imagine had a very homey feel to it. 
We were on time and promptly seated. Throughout the evening I believe we had no less than four waitstaff come by to make sure our drinks were never empty and they were all cheerful. Since it was a meal tasting we were going through silverware and even though I tried to save a little bit of work for them they wouldn't hear of us sequestering our forks to the side of the table to use for the next dish.
As for the food...
I've lived in New Orleans for three years now and have done my fair share of eating, both at fine establishments and at hole in the wall joints. I used to hole the Upperline as the best meal I have had here, but after Gautreau's I have a new standard for food. 
This may have been the best meal I have ever had. We started out with some shrimp as a starter, followed with some scallops. After that, there was a delightful little pork plate, and the dessert was to die for! I think that was what we ended up getting out of the meal tasting, but I'm pretty sure a plate or two was forgotten since there was a wine paring. Both the food and drink were phenomenal.
If you are in the mood to spend some money for some of the best food New Orleans has to offer, you have to come here; there is no question. 
Gautreau's earns nothing less than five stars from me and has become the metric that all other meals will be measured for me.Orgasmic - truly what dining is about!  We were a group of 7.  From the filet, scallops, & various types of fish, all were perfection.  The wine pairing recommendation was sheer genius.  The desserts were a marvelous blend of flavors from the banana split to the peanut butter s'more.  Scrumptous & should be on any true foodie's list of places to eat before they die.Every time I eat here, it's amazing.  Patrick is an amazingly gracious host and Sue and her team continue to turn out the best food in the city.This was probably the best meal of our "eating tour" of New Orleans. The restaurant is in the residential area, so the easiest way to get there if one doesn't have a car, is by taking a cab. 
Service was professional and the food was amazing. We came here on our last night of the trip, so at this point I was desperate for a salad. The baby lettuce salad was incredible: fresh and flavorful, and just perfect. For the entree I had snapper. The skin on the fish was perfectly grilled, probably the best grilled piece of fish I have ever had (and I eat a lot of fish). The dish was delicious and full of flavor. We shared a banana split (their signature dessert), and it was good, but next time I'd probably order something else. Overall, a great experience.Wow what a pleasant surprise. The location isn't much ..small restaurant..but the food! Ahmaazzzing!!! We ordered rossotto, Cesar salad, the trout ...omg ! I am so happy to find this place. Emerils has competition! Their banana split was out of this world!we will be back !To my surprise, only one other patron had something to say about this restaurant. I was planning to rate this place - four stars but their Duck Confit was so perfect, I have to give Gautreau's 5 stars:
This is our second time at Gautreau's this month. Hidden in a residential area, you will not see a sign outside the restaurant. It is in a nondescript gray house, quaint and charming from the outside. 
The staff greeted us as we enter this small restaurant, reminiscence of an old house. 
Their cocktails are not to be taken lightly. They really know how to mix their drinks. Between the two of us, my husband and I ordered the Manhattan, the Mojito, Cosmo, Raspberry Martini (fresh crushed berries, by the way)... you're going to have to pace yourself with a diet. 
You cannot go wrong with whatever you order. They change up their menu so what I had last night may not be on the menu when you're there. 
However, I will recommend that if Gautreau's is serving Duck Confit (w/avocado and tomato/cranberry sauce) as an appetizer, you should order Duck Confit over anything else. My husband ordered Gulf Shrimps and in his defense, "I wanted to try something different". 
He meant that he wanted to share. This dish was so tender, spiced infused delicious, no one shared - except for me...because the husband 'wanted to try something different."   *sigh* 
It was probably the best Duck Confit I've had since Paris- two years ago. 
Last time, I was set on ordering their Black Angus Filet Mignon- Medium Rare. The sides went well with the Filet but I've had many, many Filet Mignon, I'm beginning to lose sight on them. Filet Mignons have always been top notch and satisfying for me. 
I decided to have the fish of the day- Halibut; soft and juicy. 
Port with your dessert - a must because I thought the dessert was average. If you have your dessert wine to pair with your dessert, you're bound to end your evening with a smile.
Very attentive service, they should be...it is a small and intimate place.
Again, you really cannot go wrong with anything you order. 
Just don't share your Duck Confit.Without a doubt one of the best meals of my life. We were a group of seven and not only was the food great but the service was beyond as well. We had the oysters and the scallops for appetizers, a few of us had the soup of the day which was butternut squash. Half is us had the grouper for our entree and the other half had the special, the red snapper. Everything was phenomenal. Loved the charming yet sophisticated ambience.My first time at Gautreau's, and I am really impressed. Ambiance, service and food were superior. I enjoyed a fabulous pinot noir (2013 Ken Wright, Oregon), sweetbreads (unbelievable), pork short ribs (unbelievable), bib lettuce and endive salad. 
Others in my party enjoyed the quail and the red snapper special. All were just plain fabulous.
It is no wonder that my neighbors consider this place their "go to" local restaurant for fine food.I cannot remember the last time I ate somewhere and was as disappointed and felt as financially violated as I do right now.  I will start with what I liked about this place.  It won't take long.  I liked that it's in a nice residential neighborhood and is unmarked by signage.  I also thought that both my waiters were very good.  The coffee is French Truck and was also good.  That's it.  That's everything that I can say that passed for me.
I ordered the "Crispy Sweetbreads with Jumbo Lump Crab, spinach, bacon, quail egg and pommery mustard 15.00"  I had to copy this from the menu because all I could taste was the bacon.  I didn't order a drink and I don't smoke so I do have a palate.  In fact, I didn't realize there was mustard until I copied this for my review.  This was a ridiculously small portion all around.  Possibly 4 bites and the sweetbreads were so minute that you couldn't taste them under the breading even if there wasn't just an overbearing amount of bacon.  Why didn't you just bring me a few slices of bacon?  Moving on before I explode.
Next I tried a snapper dish that doesn't appear on the website currently but was on the menu tonight.  I can't actually describe it as it was written because there wasn't enough of anything on the plate where you could identify it.  The snapper was dry and on top of some nice farro.  A nice textural addition to the plate.  There was a puree of what I think was sunchoke?  There was maybe a tablespoon spread out on the plate.  You couldn't taste it and there wasn't enough that it matters that I can remember.  Why bother.  Then there was a similarly sized streak of a truffle vinaigrette.  I also identified part of a julianned chanterelle.  This dish was dry, really arid, dry.  Underseasoned because of not enough vinaigrette?  It wasn't a sauce exactly.  I am disgusted.  I asked the waiter if this is how the dish was supposed to look and if the amounts were accurate and he affirmed it.  I wish he had said it was a mistake.  The manager asked if she could bring more puree and vinaigrette.  I didn't bother.  It wasn't going to help a lot the dish needed a sauce.  I was mostly done and had lost some interest in the dish at this point.  
Not to be deterred and since I was really really hungry for lack of food on my plate we ordered desert and coffee.  I forgot to mention that the entree was minuscule.  I ordered the banana split. "Caramelized Banana Split with vanilla ice cream, warm banana bread, butterscotch, chocolate sauce, toasted walnuts 14.00"  Unbelievably lame waste of $14.  I can barely stand to write this.  The bananas were underripe and needed to be caramelized.  These had a little caramel on them.  Cook them like a Foster a little.  The banana bread was dry and wasn't warm at all.  I couldn't find the butterscotch and the chocolate sauce was hardly present.  Was this ice cream out of a tub?  There might have been 1 walnut altogether. A 3 year old could make a better split in a home kitchen.  I am appalled that this less than average desert came out at this restaurant and for this price.  I am stupefied.  
They should have bought us desert after I complained that my fish was dry and it was on the check.  It was $150 with a tip for 2 without drinks.  I can't believe it.  I have to make sure you understand that I would have been disappointed at 1/2 this price and I don't want the comments about the money to detract from the message about my experience here but it is relevant nonetheless.  I don't leave 1 star reviews often and without serious consideration but I am really unhappy with this restaurant.  The only thing more depressing than the food is the decor.The wait for every part of dinner marred an otherwise amazing meal. We waited 20 minutes for our table, 15 minutes for bread, 25 minutes for appetizers and 30 minutes for dinner. When the snapper arrived it was over-cooked. The second one they brought was truly the best snapper I've ever had.  The waiter was rushed and inattentive.Wonderful restaurant & one we always to to when in NO. Make a reservation & you won't be disappointed. A hidden gem in  Uptown.
Jane R.I LOVE this classy restaurant.  They have the best pan fried scallops we've ever had. Our party had fresh fish dishes, chicken and a filet minon.  Every thing was excellent. Great atmosphere, service and food.  You can't go wrong with this restaurant and wonderful chef. We came back just to experience her superb food.Oh, what a wonderful little place! In New Orleans for just a few days and thankfully were able to get in for dinner. Our reservation was early, since that was all available while we were in town. The Amtrak was delayed and we were afraid we would not make it in time. We called and were assured they would accommodate us if we were running late. And that they did.
The sweetbreads were fabulous but the scallops were blissful! Cooked perfectly with just a sear on them and not over cooked and rubbery. My companion had the filet, which he said was possibly the best steak he has ever had. I had the duck, cooked rare and it was perfect. Had the banana split for dessert that was fun to share. 
When we arrived, I had the remnants of a margarita, which the staff nicely offered to dispose of. They returned a shot glass with a lime and "a little kick" added. Was a top off of Patron Silver, and was a nice little treat! 
Wine list ample, cocktails were not watered down. Best over all meal we had this trip to New Orleans!Ok, so Gautreau's has always been one of my top 5 New Orleans restaurants. It's really that good and that consistent.  My latest trip did not disappoint but it did yield one surprise.  Ok, let's start with appetizers........Sauteed Shrimp roasted eggplant and tomato mint gastrique quite literally was off the hook good. I slapped my momma it was that good. Also, the Baby Romaine with Buttermilk Dressing cucmbers, tomatoes, and crispy cippolini onions was a very fresh, nicely balanced salad. It was as interesting as salad can be. Ok, the last appetizer, the Duck Confit with German potato salad, Pommery mustard creme fraiche was a HUGE disappointment. I couldn't get past three bites. The duck was rubbery and chewy and the skin was not as crisp as it could have been. There was too much pommery mustard creme fraiche that overpowered everything.  It was horrible to be honest and a real shocker.
Let's get to the main course already........Parmesan Crusted Halibut with Lemon Beurre Blanc fines herbes spatzle, English peas and caramelized pearl onions were an incredibly light, delicate, flavorful summer dish. The fish was absolutely perfect and the spatzle, peas, and pearl onions worked well together without overpowering each other. It would be easy to call it a simple dish, however the amount of balance of flavors on the plate was really what impressed me and that takes a skillful hand in the kitchen to pull off.  Next was the  Black Angus Filet Mignon with Bordelaise, fingerling potatoes, port braised shallots and spinach. I've never thought of Gautreau's as a steak house (such as Besh's or Dickie Brennan's) but let me tell you something right now - Gautreau's maybe the best kept secret when it comes to steaks. Yes siree Bob it was that good. The filet could have been cut with a butter knife, as a matter of fact every component of the plate was spot on and in my opinion easily blows Ruth's Chris out of the water. It was the star of the night. Lastly, the Roasted Chicken with garlic mashed potatoes, wild mushrooms and haricots verts was a strong runner up.  In a word, think if you had a French grandmother who lived in the countryside of France and you went over one Sunday for lunch and well you can imagine the comfort food aura of this dish. Most garlic mashed potatoes hit you in the face with garlic but again, the amount of balance of flavors on the plate was impressive.  Everything just works very well together.
Moving into dessert I'll say that the Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee was very good. Rich, crunchy on top and layered with vanilla bean flavor it was a pretty safe bet.  The star however was the Chocolate Cremeaux with raspberries, vanilla creme fraiche and port-balsamic. I have already scheduled appointments with my cardiologist and endocrinologist. Rich, deep chocolate, creamy, smooth and balanced with a dollop of vanilla creme fraiche - well you could stop there but it was the port and raspberry counter balance that took this dessert to a whole other level. If I thought I could get away with licking the plate I would have done so.
So there you have it, the only black eye on the night was the duck confit and it was so bad that it's ultimately what keeps me from giving this latest trip a 5 star review. Bon Apetit Peeps!By far the best meal I've had this year.  We almost went back the night before flying home but resisted for another time.  
It's like a gem hidden from most visitors.  An added bonus was a little make shift take-away bar out front for the high school football teams parents as they walked to the game.  
I had the duck confit appetizer and the bison special with potatoes four ways.  Both dishes were outstanding and possibly the best duck I've had.  Wine was tasty and the faux painted walls were a delightful touch.  Faux painted like fabrics not run of the mill spongy stone looking stuff.
I hate to gush but this place is where it's at.  Don't miss it.Friends from California read the reviews here and were all excited to go. Far from the best eating experience we had for the weeks visit. Week night not crowded but full of errors. The wrong appetizers placed in front of wrong people to start so we shifted them all around. Not big but began the lack of attention to us the entire night. The duck which everyone raved about in the review was dry and cold? The other patrons were not impressed with their different ones either. The entrees came and again seemed the wrong plates to wrong people but worse it was the wrong entrees. As we were ready to eat we ate what was delivered. The fish was dry and no flavor. Tasted like poorly cooked frozen fish. The entire dish was very poorly done. As not to make things worse we did not complain just ate. Talked quietly about how nothing was as expected. The price was way too high for service and quality. I am happy they wanted to go so in the future I can tell guests do not expect what you read in the reviews. I doubt I will return. An off night would be OK but this was nothing like what you read here in these reviews. If you go expect only OK service and food and a high bill, not the best meal you can have here in the city.This is one of my favorite places to dine in the country and in my neighborhood. Sue does a great job with the menu and is constantly innovating. Patrick runs the front like a seasoned pro. If you want to dine at the best place in New Orleans then this might be it.gautreau's is a beautifull restaurant, the illusion of draperies on the wall give a great abiance. 
it's one of those rare restaurants in New Orleans where you can actually have a fine dinning experience in your plate as well as with the wait staff( i would have appreciate a fish knife and fork with py entree instead of a " butter knife" looking" ).
we shared the sweetbreads appetizer : delicious with that green sauce.
my husband took the steack: beautiful piece of lean meat, confit onions, spinash ....great
 i took the redfish special: 3 pieces  of filet on the top of new potatoes, wild mushrooms and roasted brussels sprouts. delicious.
dessert: 
chocolate pot de crème: i don't know if it is a ganache or bavaroise but it was very very heavy after all that delicious food, it kills you!
vanilla crème brûlée: one of the rare place where you don't get a catalane cream or a thick flan but actually a real crème brûlée with vanilla bean and not liquid vanilla. beside the top completely black, the cream was delicious.
it was perfectWas a little bit disappointed after hearing some great things about Gautreau's.  The first thing:  the noise level/acoustics lebel (on a Monday night, no less!) were unbelievable!  At a four top, I missed about 50% of what everyone at the table was saying.
As for food:  the beet salad was amazing, but literally, about 3 bites worth and you're finished.  My husband ordered the lamb medium rare and it was way too rare-- he had to send it back.  But after it was cooked properly, it was very good.  I ordered sauteed grouper with green harissa sauce.  I was astounded that everything on the plate was amazing but nothing went with anything else.  The fish was cooked perfectly but was bland and the green harissa sauce didn't compliment it.  It was served with a sweet and spicy eggplant side which, although which was amazing on its own, totally overwhelmed the fish. Dessert was a creme brûlée with a bourbon pairing which I highly recommend.Went last week for my birthday dinner (on a Monday!).  The menu is focused and delicious.  I had a fish special that included beets & jerusalem artichokes.  Highly recommended.Fantastic!  It is worth the trip out here.  Service was top notch and the food was to die for.  Out of everywhere I went in New Orleans, this is about the only place I would return on a subsequent trip.  Get the duck confit!!!Good, not great when you compare among the elite dining institutions in NOLA. Went this week and we had scallops, fish special salad, smoked shrimp app. Scallops were great. Everything else was really good but not great. Service was just a-ok. Certainly check it out, but only after you've checked off all of the other big names in town.Duck cofit is great. We also had soup de jour which is basil soup, nice.
For entree, as others reviewed, dishes are not as salty as other southern style restaurants, we had flounder and Ginger Crusted Halibut, the latter is a little too light.
Caramelized Banana Split is great.
The environment is great, there is no sign outside, but inside is totally a different world.Possibly one of the best meals I've had from start to finish.  Would recommend this restaurant to both locals and tourists who desire a memorable fine dining experience.  Pork belly appetizer is a definite must-have.  Every single entree is amazing. Banana split dessert is a great finish.I'm so glad we found this place! there is no sign and the restaurant is tucked away in a neighborhood. The ambiance is definitely classy, but around 8pm, the place is lightens up and not meant to stuffy. The service is great! Highlights included the duck confit...the meat falls right off and the salad is nicely compliments. The chef definitely does fish well! I had the halibut and it was cooked to perfection. The steak was also tender. We didn't have too much room for desserts, so we shared the banana split. The concept is simple, but execution was perfect! What i loved most was that the ice cream was frozen to perfection so it doesn't get milky once you dig in.
Advice for tourist: take a walk around the lovely neighborhood!Quaint yet loud dining room the night we visited. Ok, that's not a complaint but an observation from my table. 
 Now, on to the food. There are restaurants and then there are RESTAURANTS. This one falls into the latter.  No bar on site where you can wait and have a drink prior to your seating. 
Ordered the Foie Gras appetizer. All I can say is AMAZING. It comes with poached pears, and a date chutney and a sesame brittle that.....well,
words cannot describe the explosion of wonderful, well planned tastes. The combination just worked perfectly. The absolute best I have ever eaten.  
The Fried goat cheese and spinach salad was next.  How can someone make a salad go over the top?  This one just does that.  Accompanied with a honey-sherry vinaigrette that coats the tongue with absolute happiness. A must-try!
For the main course the Black Angus Filet and the Snapper with a basil oil. Wow!!!  Both plates were perfectly cooked.  All the accompaniments added to the experience. 
There's a reason why this restaurant and the chef, Sue Zemanick, a James Beard Award winner, are so outstanding. Attention to detail in everything.
Highly recommend this restaurant to any one visiting the NO area.Decided to have round two at Gautreau's on our most recent trip to New Orleans and am very, very happy to say that I wasn't the least bit disappointed. You know how it is when you build something up in your mind? 
If anything, I love Gautreau's even more and I'm not sure how that is at all possible. I don't know how it worked out but we ended up at the same table at the front door that we had on our first visit. The food was amazing and service excellent. Cannot wait for round three!This restaurant is situated in the lovely Garden District. I would go there simply for the freshly baked bread, brought to the table warm. The wine choices are delicious and the pour generous. A nice selection of entrees, appetizers and salads and desserts. Cozy dining room with fresh flowers. French decor. There is no restaurant sign out front. In the know diners just look for the street number. Take the St. Charles streetcar from downtown.This was our 20th-anniversary trip.  Gautreau's was booked by our hotel concierge after I expressed an interest in having French food for our special dinner.  I can't say that it was a very memorable meal.  However, it was very good.  The duck confit was very good. Snapper was 3.5 starts. It was a bit dry. Veal was very good 4.5 stars.  The service was also 4 stars.  They did not acknowledge that we were there for a special occasion and we did not experience anything extraordinary to warrant 5 stars. Overall I would recommend the restaurant but not as my top option in NOLA.Of the three dinner reservations we settled on before arriving in NOLA, I am a little embarrassed to say that Gautreau's was definitely the one I was least looking forward to. 
After dining here, I now have a new favorite restaurant and have actually considered moving to New Orleans so that I can be closer to Gautreau's. If I lived near Gautreau's I would be there once a week.
I thought people were exaggerating but Gautreau's is literally in a quiet neighborhood and there really is no sign on the building. Fortunately we did have a cabbie who knew where to go. 
We sat right at the entrance, I was a little turned off by the table at first but then realized it was the best table in the house! We had a perfect view of all of the other diners and on this particular night there just happened to be some prime people watching as well. 
We started out with the duck confit and the pork belly. I would have been happy to bathe in either dish but the duck was probably one of the most amazing things I have ever put in my mouth. I then had the snapper and hubby had the ahi. My fish was superbly cooked. It came with lentils which I never thought was my thing until I had these. Is that how lentils are supposed to taste? Absolutely amazing! 
We finished off the meal with something chocolate. Delicious. Superb service from start to finish. This is a definite must do for any true foody travelling to New Orleans. I absolutely cannot wait to go back!Wow, this is for sure a neighborhood gem.  We came here for a birthday celebration dinner and it was one of the best fine dining meals we have enjoyed in New Orleans.  That Saturday night, the special corn soup was delicious, followed by the Pork Chop and also Parmesan crusted halibut.  Two of our group had the halibut and agreed it was outstanding.  Very romantic restaurant, good service, cosy but classy atmosphere.  Looking forward to our next special occasions so we can go back.i would like to start with the positives at gautreau's.  the service is accommodating and attentive. the selection of dishes i chose was spot on and i wasn't disappointed. i had the celery root soup (one of the soup du jour), my entree was also the special, the grouper (not the one on the menu) and it was exquisite.  the wine dan chose was also delicious and went perfectly with everything.  i ended with the creme brulee. loved it too.  the negative is the experience from the time we arrived.  we were on time for our 7:30 reservation and ended up waiting over a half hour and no where to go but stand and look at the all the diners in the room.  we were told that everyone arrived late b/c of the rain.  the host provided us a beverage order, but it was super awkward just standing there and i really don't care for it.  the ambiance is loud, not at all intimate.  it's sometimes difficult to have a decent conversation when you're practically shouting at each other. my husband enjoyed the grouper too but was not impressed with the sweetbreads.  they were small. he felt the chef took one gland and split it half and tha'ts what was served to him. all in all, for me the meal was delicoius but it wasn't the best i've ever had and i probably will not return.Ambience is very nice and romantic. We came on a slow night which was exactly what we wanted. Our dinner date consisted of a lot of appetizers, drinks, and one entree just bc the I wanted to try just about everything on the appetizer menu. 
Food: Duck Confit crispy outside cooked perfect inside with the blueberry balsamic and arugula and Mahon cheese, which I felt was all perfectly compatible together.
          Foie Gras: ohhhhh myyyyy gahhhh. I love love love LOVED.. And loved. It wasn't just the foie Gras itself but everything it was paired up with. I wish I could remember what else was on the plate besides the brioche, huckleberry sauce, and toasted brioche but my taste buds were in love. I don't usually say this but it, it was definitely an orgasm in my mouth... 
      Scallops: I love scallops. You just can't go wrong with scallops. They were good, seared just right. ..... 
...... I was totally suppose to finish this review but I forgot about it and finally seen it under Saved Draft. LOL! Wow I don't remember the rest of my meal.. Shucks. Well guess this is all I've got to post untl next time I'll update it!Tucked away on Soniat, we walked past it twice.  Decor inside was nice, smelled very delicious.  Got seated immediately.
As soon as we were seated...nothing happened.
A waiter(tress) came by eventually to ask if we'd been asked if we wanted to order drinks, which of course we did, so then she says, "Ok what can I get you?" She didn't even offer wine list.  This isn't a "Franzia in a box" kind of a place, friends, assuming your wind list is impressive, how about you show it off?!?  Of course we hadn't even been brought menus yet.   
Anyway...
Our actual waitress was great, just attentive enough, friendly, knowledgeable.  
The menu selection was decent but not exciting. 
Vichyssoise was on special, it was pretty tasty, but nothing exciting. 
Chef Susan is known for seafood so I ordered the snapper; it's served with corn, crawfish, &. pancetta.  Fish was on the smallish side & cooked just the way I like it...dry.  
Ugh.  The best part was the dishes accessories.
So unimpressed, feel for certain my mother's fish is 10xs better, and I eat at her house for free.  
Under. Whelmed.Gautreau is hidden in Uptown on a side street in a rehabbed local apothecary, or so I was told.  But beyond it's unique location and history in NOLA, it has some of the best food in town. The place is extremely small so be sure to have reservations! I began my meal with their salad. It was so good, I was wishing that I had ordered two. My main was their redfish. It was beyond excellent. I concluded with their bread pudding and substituted the chantilly cream for the ice cream. It was a lighter version of your typical bread pudding with the lemon curd and blackberries.  I left the restaurant feeling fat and happy and having started my gourmand visit in the Big Easy somewhere off the beaten path. Definitely put this place on your list of good eats!
NOTE: Other yelpers commented on the noise level. We had 7:00pm reservations and the noise level was average but by the time we left at 8:30, the level was noticeably higher. So to avoid the chatter, make your reservation at an earlier time!If you are not a white local, don't bother! Please bear with me. I want to be very clear and fair...In NOLA to celebrate my birthday and this was to be the special birthday meal. We were so excited but experienced a colossal disappointment. Gentlemen at front (proprietor?)  was ok initially-acknowledged my birthday and even put some confetti on the table. Very nice. That was the end of any niceties. This waitstaff was cold and apathetic. Receipt says Benjamin was our server. Honestly, he was the worst but at least he actually spoke to us. Assistant (water, bread, dessert never spoke a word and food runner practically threw dessert on the table). About the food - I had the beet and fried goat cheese salad which was lovely but very short on beets. Proportion of frisée to beet was out of wack but when you got it all in your mouth it was delicious. We also had the scallop appetizer which seemed to have three totally different sized scallops that cooked differently (perfect to chewy) but sausage with it was tasty. Veal cheeks were a very generous portion and perfectly braised; but the tarragon was overwhelming and root veggies way undercooked; so I swapped with my husband who ordered the snapper which was good. We ordered creme brûlée which was burnt and bitter. Benjamin saw we only ate two bites and did actually ask if we liked it (first time he did that with any of the food or wines we ordered). When we told him we thought it was burnt he just said he would take it off the bill. No  "I'm sorry" or "Would you like to try something else?" He just took it away. We eat at a LOT of great restaurants in NOLA. This was the Solid worst. Also dark and loud. Bad energy. Felt total disdain from all staff. In such a diverse town known for its food and hospitality we picked the one homogenous place that didn't care if we lived or died. So be it. But if you don't want a brown tourist to eat there, get off Open Table.This restaurant is located in a house uptown. No signage outside so you need to go where you are going.  Very exclusive feeling and of course the home of a Top Chef.  The room where all the tables are located is a little tight but intimate.  There is no where for guests to wait while their table is getting ready.  Ordered the duck confit appetizer.  It is crisp on the outside which is something I had never seen on duck confit. It was nice however I thought it was a little dry. Ordered the drum for dinner.  It had an outstanding vegetable broth with layers of flavor.  Very good and special.  Wife had the scallop appetizer and salad for her entree both were good but nothing special.  All in all this meal was a good experience but not the best that I have ever had.  I would recommend giving Gautreau's a try especially for a wonderful special date.On our A-Z restaurant tour of New Orleans, it came time for the letter G, and my boyfriend had mentioned this place quite a few times so we went onto Yelp and were extremely excited upon reading all the rave reviews people had to share. We went to the restaurant website to check out the menu and immediately began salivating. Scallops and butternut squash and halibut and more -- these are a few of my favorite things! We called the restaurant to see if they would be able to seat us that night itself, and what luck -- they had an opening! So we rushed over as quickly as possible, ready to begin what was sure to be a tremendously satisfying meal.
When we got there, things quickly went downhill. We started with a delicious wine while we waited for small plates to come out. The brussel sprouts with pancetta -- overall lacking flavor -- and the scallops -- overcooked and chewy. 0/2. Then our waiter came by to refill our wine glasses -- whoops, he accidentally starts pouring wine into my water glass! Now... I understand, busy nights and all.. it happens to the best of us, I'm sure he was incredibly overwhelmed and running around, and he was moderately apologetic about it -- but I do think that he could have offered a dessert on the house or something else to compensate for the expensive wine that had now turned my water pink.
The mains. Okay, probably the only dish that we enjoyed was the halibut -- light, refreshing, and well prepared. The other entree we got was the filet with balsamic glaze. And I've read the reviews specifically about this filet, and I have to say I don't know what people are so impressed with! A good cut of meat should not require so much sauce spread all over it that you can no longer taste the meat. Needless to say, the cut itself was less than impressive, and the sauce was just too thick and syrupy. I must admit, that I felt nauseous and bloated the rest of the evening. We didn't even want to see the dessert menu after such an underwhelming meal.
Perhaps I had such strong feelings toward the meal because I was expecting such great things, and everything just fell flat! I may entertain the idea of returning and trying different things off the menu, but I also thought that everything we ordered was pretty different and nothing really impressed. And the environment was more stuffy than I expected. I felt underdressed in my business casual dress and heels, but again.. I'm from the camp that believes good food shouldn't insist upon coats and ties.OMG this place was really good. The duck and lamb was to die for! Great service.My girlfriend and I decided that we're going to do a date night at a nice restaurant at least once a month.  Gautreau's was locale #1, and it did not disappoint.  I've grown up in NOLA, lived in Florida and Los Angeles, and this was one of the finest dining experiences I've ever had.  To start the night, I had a vodka w/ olives, the glass was filled to the top.  My girlfriend had a glass of wine recommended by the waiter.  It was excellent.  For an appetizer we had the Sauteed Gulf Shrimp with eggplant, mint, and tomato gastrique  12.oo...  Absolutely one of the best thing that I've ever put in this mouth.  We shared the soup.  It was a yel butternut and crab bisque.  Doesn't sound appetizing, but it was to die for.  We split the salad as well...  It was the Buttermilk Fried Artichokes with arugula and lemon tarragon vinaigrette  10.oo.  Very good, but on second thought I might have tried the  Bibb Lettuce  with grilled traviso, toasted walnuts, red wine truffle vinaigrette  10.oo.  For Dinner, I had the Crispy Duck Breast with torpedo onions, roasted peaches, wild rice, and natural jus  29.oo.  It was very good, but I was sad I didn't select what my girlfriend ordered...   Sauteed Grouper with creamed spinach, and short rib ragout  30.oo.  This was the the best fish I've had possibly in my entire life (not exaggerating) and will order it for myself the next time we go to Gautreau's.  Lastly, we split the Caramelized Banana Split with toasted walnuts, butterscotch, and fudge sauce  10.00.  So FREAKIN' good.  This kicked off a great tradition of date nights, and can't wait to go back to Gautreau's again for another delicious meal.The best restaurant in Nola you've never heard of. One evening while taking a lesiurely uptown drive, my girlfriend and I noticed several well dressed people walking into Gautreau's and had no clue as to where they were going. We googled the address as there were no signs in front of the quaint non descript building. Only then did we learn that the building restaurant.
We quickly made reservations as curiousity had gotten the best of us. 
The parking was beyond easy as we were able to park directly in front of the building. The restaurant itself is very intmant almost too intimant as we could easily here the conversations of others. This was really the only draw back of the whole experience.
I had a well seasoned pork chop while girlfriend elected for the cobia with merlaton slaw (truthfully she would have ordered anything with merlaton in tue ingredient list in preperarion for upcoming merlaton festival.) Her fish was flakey and prepared with a high level of attentiom to detail. The presentation of our meals was spot on. 
I remember I had the foie fras app as always and she had something I was interested in stealing so I really didn't pay that much attention to it.
A great place for a romantic date the delivers great food and easy parking. The closr proximity to parking is important after consuming copius amounts of deliciousness.This restaurant is in a nice Uptown neighborhood next to the Newman school (keep that in mind for parking on high school football nights).
The atmosphere was pleasant and intimate, and the painted curtain walls were a really nice touch.  The staff was friendly, efficient, and patient when it came to closing.
The food was phenomenal.  I really enjoyed the scallops appetizer, done perfectly on a sweet potato puree with corn.  Some of the appetizers were fairly large, so you could easily have two of those instead of appetizer/entree combo.  The steak was done to perfection.  I had a chocolate cake for dessert, though the addition of sliced banana with a sugar glaze (think brulee) was a nice touch.
For my palate, I think I would have preferred more depth on the menu to push it to a 5-star in my book.  Our group was very pleased overall and I'll be back again to see if I can bump it up a star.  :)
I wasn't really thrilled with the wine list.  They had an interesting variety of whites, but were lacking a good variety of reasonably priced reds.  They had the standard (but infuriating) 2.5x mark-up.Coming from out of town I wanted to find a fine restaurant that did not serve NOLA traditional fare. I looked at all the 5 star reviews and settled on Gautreau's. Very nice atmosphere, fine dining all the way. Most disappointed with the service right off the bat. Very polite, not pretentious in anyway; however after two sips of my excellent cocktail and one slice of the absolutely delicious bread, our dinner was served. I was stunned, it took me off guard; is this a fast food restaurant? were my thoughts. The wife said we should have refused it but as I said; I was taken by surprise. Besides, I'm a laid back kind of guy and can roll with the punches; life's not perfect. Neither was the dinner. I have no idea how kitchens work so I'm not going to speculate. However, I can't imagine they could have cooked filet of beef that quickly. My wife's fish, yes, but not the beef. The wife never had tough fish before, didn't think it was possible. My filet of beef was room  temperature; don't know how they cooked it that fast and then served it not  hot or even warm. U all figure it out; was it pre cooked ?? Dessert was just ok. Not a review guy but for the money spent, it should have been way better. Nice owner; nice family. They were having a birthday celebration for there son, so maybe they were a bit distractedComing from out of town I wanted to find a fine restaurant that did not serve NOLA traditional fare. I looked at all the 5 star reviews and settled on Gautreau's. Very nice atmosphere, fine dining all the way. Most disappointed with the service right off the bat. Very polite, not pretentious in anyway; however after two sips of my excellent cocktail and one slice of the absolutely delicious bread, our dinner was served. I was stunned, it took me off guard; is this a fast food restaurant?were my thoughts. The wife said we should have refused it but as I said; I was taken by surprise. Besides, I'm a laid back kind of guy and can roll with the punches; life's not perfect. Neither was the dinner. I have no idea how kitchens work so I'm not going to speculate. However, I can't imagine they could have cooked filet of beef that quickly. My wife's fish, yes, but not the beef. The wife never had tough fish before, didn't think it was possible. My filet of beef was room  temperature; don't know how they cooked it that fast and then served it not  hot or even warm. U all figure it out; was it pre cooked ?? Dessert was just ok. Not a review guy but for the money spent, it should have been way better. Nice owner; nice family. They were having a birthday celebration for there son, so maybe they were a bit distractedI've lived and eaten my way through some of the greatest food cities in America.  This is one of the best meals I've had, hands down, a  classic New Orleans dining experience not to be missed.   Exceptional seasonal food and presentation.  But with so many reviews about the food, I'll focus on other aspects of our night that made it so exceptional.  Our meal lasted two and half hours, not because the service was slow but because the level of profession our waiter showed was spot on. We were allowed to relax, enjoy drinks and conversation (and digestion) between each course, without being rushed.  No "scene" here.  The environment was conducive to conversation, with enough space between the tables to feel your weren't eavesdropping on nearby tables, or vice versa. Jazz played softly in the background, just loud enough to add mood but not distracting.  The comfortable, elegant interior let you leave the world behind for the night and enjoy a gastronomic experience that will last a lifetime.The seared scallops and the duck confit are absolutely amazing! Cozy place and off the beaten path from tourists. You'd drive right past it and not even know it's there! I've been here about 6 different times and every time, the food and service here delivers 100%!If this was NYC Gautreau's would be advertising as a "speakeasy restaurant" - with good cause; even the cabbie who 'knew where it was' drove past the place and had to double back to locate it.. 
Worth every effort to find!  When I walked in and saw the old pharmacy-shelves-turned-bar, I knew I was at home. 
Go for the pork belly appetizer (with cherry jus on top of a bed of polenta) and order ANYTHING from the entree menu (the Trippletail was perfectly cooked with flaky skin and not-overcooked interior). Splurge on a nice bottle of wine, they've got a more than decent selection. 
Thank you Sue Zemanick!Terrific experience from start to finish. We had wonderful service and fantastic food. The duck confit appetizer is not to be missed. The kale salad was light and perfect for sharing. The fish, grouper and flounder, were perfectly cooked. Delicious desserts as well. Can't wait to return.What can I say that hasn't been said? From the first moment we walked in we were greeted with a wonderfully unique atmosphere and spectacular service. The maître d' gave a fantastic recommendation for a Spanish wine that ended up preparing beautifully with the food that we ordered. 
I ordered the scallops to start and they were really delicious, perfectly cooked and the sauce that they came with was also spectacular! Not to mention the greens that came with the dish they were so tasty!
After reading all the reviews I had to order the duck confit, and I was not disappointed in the least. It was delicious and the other guests in my table thought it was the best dish on the table. My dinner partners ordered the filet and the mushroom crepes, and both of those dishes were also very good. The mushroom crêpes were very earthy in flavor and the filet was perfectly cooked rare.
Lastly I had the rhubarb upside down cake and my dinner partner had the chocolate and raspberry ganache. One word: unbelievable! The fresh herbs added a really wonderful taste to the desserts as well! I highly recommend this restaurant, which isn't the easiest to find because it doesn't have a sign. Give it a try next time you're in the big easy!My son and I spent a nice evening here having a great meal. The restaurant is charming and our server was very attentive. We both had the roasted corn soup and then different seafood entrees. Our food was excellent. This spot is a gem!Duck comfit, ambiance and service is always good. Unfortunately, they removed the lamb shank off the menu.A friend found out about this place and a group of us went while in town for a conference.  We loved how there is no sign outside and seemed very local.  The food and wine were good,  I had the filet and my fiance had the chicken based on the recommendation from the waiter.  The filet was typical for a filet,  nothing earth shattering,  but it was good.  I would say that our experience would have been much better if we had a good server.  The server we had was very cold,  rushed us to order,  and acted as if he was doing us a favor to wait in us.  It ended up ruining our experience.You know, I have only one thing in life I really need to do: eat and tell people about it. So when I forget to review a place a month after eating there, shame on me!!!
I dined here with another foodie friend right before New Year's and we both loved it. I've dined here several times before (starting with their lunch with wine specials during the summers), but this was the first time I had dinner here in over two years.
I had a perfect piece of filet mignon and my friend raved about his fish. The food here is delish and this place is definitely off the beaten path. Highly recommended, especially if you want a little bit of a fancier experience. Alas, though I dined here recently, it's one of those places I keep forgetting about! I swear someone needs to make an iPhone app to remind me to go to certain restaurants so often! 
Though it seemed like it was cougar night when we went; mostly Uptown women (single and married) were dining that night! Not that I'm complaining...just saying...We were in town for a convention and on our last night went here. The service was fine and the decor was nothing special as others have noted. It actually bothered my wife more than me, but these things to me are trivial... a dining experience is all about the food.
We had a tomato soup and the duck confit and they were excellent but not out  of this world. The accompaning greens were superb. Now to the stars of the show. The four entrees were red snapper, grouper daily special, ginger crusted halibut and braised pork spare ribs. The fish dishes were perfectly cooked and each was sauced differently. They all had that wow factor. The shortribs I only had a small part of but the guy who ordered them, who is a huge food snob even more than me, really enjoyed them. One general comment, The food seemed generally slightly underseasoned, but there was a salt shaker on the table.
I am not a desert guy so I had a drink; the other 3 liked theirs.
This is an excellent restaurant. There were a few things not perfect but all in all for me a 4.7- 4.8 rating.Great restaurant, outstanding cuisine. A true neighborhood gem!!!We were hoping for the best. The service is the worst. The servers also are the bartenders so everything is in slow motion. The food was very nice. Pork tenderloin was amazing.