We were told that the bloody Mary's here were awesome. Nice people but the bloody was not worth the 1/2 mile walk.  It was definitely worth checking off the list though.   All the staff were really niceHome of the original ice cream daquari! This spot was a must do for me. I love gazebos and it sounded so fun to go check out. There is plenty of seating outside around the main gazebo where drinks are made. You can get the drinks on the rocks or blended. Always blended!! Lots of flavor options as well but went with one of the recommendations the bartender gave me. 
These drinks are absolutely delicious and great to sip on while you listen to some live music and people watch in this fun area. It seems like they often have live music here. It was the perfect treat as a dessert and an alcoholic drink! There's plenty of seating so we didn't have any issue sitting for a while to enjoy everything. We weren't rushed out either. 
Prices are reasonable and the service was good here. I would highly recommend checking this place out! I didn't do food here, just the drinks, but the menu looked good as well. Plenty of options for your group when going out. If you're just going for drinks you can order straight with the bartender and take your drinks and find a seat. 
Ice cream daquari!! Do I need to write any more to convince you?!The take out drink booth around back is the best. They make the drinks for you pretty fast. Grasshopper ice cream daiquiri wasn't on the menu but they make it for you anyway. 
Would make a good shake kind of thing without alcohol for the kids. 
Real yummy, but not anything I would assume they're famous for. Right next to the French Market so get a drink and go check out that.Didn't have any food just the strawberry daiquiri with ice cream and it was awesome! Definitely recommend having one!Good food and great environment to relax have something to eat and listen to some musicLive music = awesome. 
Food = pretty good. 
Ice Cream Daiquiris = yummy and sweet, but don't have very much alcohol in them. 
Service = alright. 
All in all, probably wouldn't eat there often but maybe visit for a snack once in a while to enjoy the music.Alcoholic Ice cream milkshakes..... need I say more?
Staff was very friendly and the music was greatWe ordered mango drink and mocha almond drink which had chocolate syrup,ice cream,Irish cream was extremely good. There was plenty of seating in open area and covered roof, right next to park. Staff was not too friendly.Got the strawberry daiquiri made with ice cream.  Very refreshing and definitely had rum!  Did not eat there. The band was greatGreat authentic New Orleans experience. The open air cafe next to a courtyard was very nice. Our waitress was very accommodating and sweet. The jambalaya was tasty. The drinks were cold and refreshing. The live music was an added treat and very entertaining.We ducked in here to get out of the rain, where I discovered ice cream daiquiris! New Orleans has officially become my favorite place on Earth! Even though it's raining there are plenty of tables to sit out out of the rain and you could order appetizers and things. They were playing some really good jazz music, restroom right around the corner, what's really nice about this place is that it's near a lot of shopping so if some of your party doesn't want to go in stores that can hang out there and enjoy the Daiquiris! Wait staff are really sweet and very nice. Will definitely be back!After a long, hot day working in the Big Easy, I came across this gem of a place. Excellent food and drink along with great atmosphere. Home of the ice cream daiquiris, I had the banana daiquiri along with a fried gator po' boy. Outside eating along with a cool live band that played everything. They know how eat, drink and relax in NOLA!The Gazebo Cafe was the first place I stopped to eat at upon arriving to New Orleans, LA. I was staying in the French Quarter and decided that my first stroll would be through the French Quarter and over to the French Market. There were lots of vendors set up in the outdoor market areas which made it tough to decide where to eat. I stumbled upon The Gazebo Cafe knowing nothing about it and decided to eat there because there were outdoor tables, live music, it was next to a small park, and most of all I was hungry and it was convenient. 
My mother and I were immediately greeted and seated at a seat of our choice upon entering the outdoor seating area (I'm not even sure if they have indoor seating). The staff was friendly and attentive. It definitely had a casual cafe vibe. My mom ordered boiled shrimp, I ordered the cheese fries (I was craving something unhealthy) and we split a cup of gumbo. 
When the food arrived we were presented with a big cardboard basket of fries smothered in orange cheddar cheese served with a side of ranch dressing. My mom's shrimp also came out in a big cardboard basket. They were large, unpeeled, and still had the legs and eyes attached. If you're a little squeamish and/or lazy, the shrimp is probably not for you. She said it was tasty but would have preferred it if it had been peeled. The gumbo had nice flavor. I learned that I'm not a huge fan of gumbo while on this trip however for what gumbo is, I feel it was prepared well.
Overall it was a nice casual spot to visit to sit outside and listen to some music while in the French Market.Awesome spot for grabbing a drink near the French Market. The bartender here was working her ass off getting the orders in...you could tell she had a lot of traffic during Mardi Gras. Mostly mixed drinks here, but they carry all the Abitas too. I know since I mistakenly ordered a bomber of Andygator to walk around with :pMy cousin, a native New Orleanian is always raving about this place so I knew I just had to try it. My first few attempts failed since they close earlier than many of the places around this area. The wait was worth it, I tried the Strawberry Ice Cream Daiquiri and chose to sit outside and listen to the live band play. The daiquiri wasn't over saturated with booze, but it still had a little kick. This is the perfect guilty pleasure on a regular day to enjoy in NOLA.Great place to chill. Better than Cafe du Monde in the French Market because there is live jazz and its next to a park. Nice views, great atmosphere. The staff is great too. My server, Blake, was very attentive and courteous. The manager Raff is a riot. Great play to pass the time if you have some work to do, want to read outdoors, etc.This place is fantastic. We had a shrimp po-boy and it was very good. The bread was soft, chewy, and fresh and the shrimp was tasty. More than though, the service was fantastic! Our server was friendly, welcoming, and very nice! We sat outside and a jazz band played but not too loud while we ate. It was perfect!Totally enjoyed! .... The Gazebo Bloody Mary was so good!  Had the fried alligator with remoulade sauce and thought it was very tasty. Unlike other reviews I didn't think it had too much breading. Thoroughly enjoyed the live jazz band. Musically they are amazing .... Vocally, well,  they bring a smile.I don't care what anyone says, Gazebo Cafe  has the BEST hurricane in the Quarter.great little cafe in the french market.  live band and good service. Muffaletta was delicious.  Split it with a friend and its a very inexpensive lunch.Great drinks and wonderful drinks.  Raffle is truly fantastic and has helped make our trip to New Orleans memorable.  Raffle rocks!!!!If you ever stayed at a Hampton Inn, the food from that buffet is what you can expect here...nothing NOLA on the menu. Good coffee. Jazz band. That earns 2 stars. Eggs were cold & like rubber. Sausage links taste like those brown & serve turkey links. Bread pudding still wet inside.  The biscuits do not hold up - probably drop biscuits rolled & cut. All in all, it won't kill you, but it ain't worth living for.We hit this cafe up on a recent visit to NOLA and we had quite the pleasant surprise. We ordered the fried alligator and fried crawfish and had a banana split ice cream daiquiri. Everything was wonderfully seasoned and the cocktail sauce was a perfect complement to it. The daiquiri was just plain delicious. The waiter was super helpful and gracious and made our visit just that much more pleasant. If you're looking for a little cafe where you can hear some of that music that New Orleans is famous for or you want to do some people watching, this is a great little place to do itLove the outdoor seating and people watching for sure. Located near the art district and very relaxing 
Had PO boys and fries. So good our server was so nice and made us feel at home.  
One negative lots a pigeons  hanging around under your feet 
Jazz band playing quaint atmosphere try there ice cream Daiquiri. 
Very touristyHave been to this great city many times, this last time was one of the best times. Raffle was one of the reasons.   He was what you want when visiting a town.  Raffle was funny, knowledgeable, and  hospitable.   He made you feel that no question was crazy.   Great service, great food, and honestly, some of the best drinks in the French Quarter.  Do yourself a favor, go see Raffle, get a drink and see where the day takes you.  You won't be sorry.   By the way, did I say see Raffle...Nice band playing while you sit out and have drinks and/or lunch.  We just went for cocktails which were $5.75 for vodka and cranberry.So I can't review the actual cafe, BUT I did partake in some cocktails from the to go counter, and I adore their bloody mary filled with pickled veggies and spices!! They also make a mean mudslide. Definitely my go to stop for that morning drink in NOLA, where drinking at all times is required!Back here for Jazz Fest '16, some 2 years later after I was last in NO.   I went to the fest yesterday and found it to be too crowded.   It seems like the promoters oversold the venue and that made for a less then ideal experience.  So today,  I decided to hang out in the French Quarter and stopped in the Gazebo Cafe on a low humidity 80 degree sunny day,  with a cool constant breeze coming off the Mississippi River.  Just as I remember it,  an old school style 3 piece jazz band was playing fantastic music and the crowd really seemed to enjoy them too.   I ordered the jambalaya and washed it down with 2 cold coronas.  The Jambalaya was excellent!  It had the right balance of heat and spiciness; combined with sliced sausage and pulled pork,  this dish downright delicious.   Reggie was my server today and he was attentive but not intrusive. He did a very good job.   Raffle still works here but was working a different section.  It was good to see Raffle again and meet Reggie. If you don't make GC one of your stops while in NO,  your missing out.Ordered seafood combo. Their fish were cooked just right. Love it. They recommended fried alligators. I tried but no a fan. The texture was fine but the taste was weird. Great service.A great way to cool off and enjoy some jazz after strolling through the French market. We had the mudslide and banana split ice cream daiquiri. Very delicious!The food was just okay. The frozen drinks are watered down. The best thing about the place is the live music.A very good and laid back place to enjoy live music and drinks. The food is good too. I ordered the chicken fingers and daquiri .Loved this place! Our server (Brandon G.) was outstanding! We had our dogs with us, and when I asked if we would be able to eat there with them, he very enthusiastically told us of course! Bring the dogs in! He showed us to a lovely shaded area, that had plenty of room for our dogs. In less than 2 minutes, a bowl of water was brought to us for our dogs. They were given plenty of attention. :) 
The food was great (I had the fried chicken sandwich and my husband had the crawfish po boy). The french fries are AMAZING! 
And the service was wonderful. Brandon took excellent care of my husband, me, and our dogs. 
We felt so welcome here. Plus the patio seating area is lovely. I highly recommend this place, and Brandon!Must have is a Muffaleta. Outdoor seating. Good bloody Mary's.  Waiter was out of this world so friendly so  Attentive  and funny.We were in the area for Mardis Gras and on our bucket list was to have gumbo, jambalaya, red beans and rice, and a muffaletta. We had plans of places to go for these things, however our 11 month old daughter was not cooperating. We barely made it through the market before she bad a meltdown and we knew we had to stop and get food or we were done for the day. 
The Gazebo Cafe was right there and was not crowded. There was a band playing and the weather was great to sit outside so we picked a table and the waitress came over immediately. She was super helpful and friendly and helped us decide what all to get.
The food came out to us minutes after we ordered, which was awesome! And to top it off it was delicious! The Red Beans and Rice were sooooo good! The muffaletta was good, and the jambalaya was superb. 
I would highly recommend! Price wise, its exactly what you'd expect to pay in the middle of everything and the portions are very large.Food was delicious, great pricing, and exceptional service!!! We have several little ones and the staff was super helpful and great with our littles (and us)!Casual and comfortable place in the middle of the French Quarter.  Outdoor seating that allows dogs.  In fact t they love the dogs.  Wrigley got his water bowl and belly scratches before he humans for their needs met.  Works for me!   You can hear live music and can choose shade or sun.  
The crawfish hush puppies were extremely flavorful, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Classic muffuletta.  A half muffuletta was more than enough for anyone!  Chicken Po'Boy was quite dry. Serves me right for not going with more local faire!  All I all a great way to take a real, especially with a 4-legged friend.Definitely the best daiquiris we have had in a long time. Mocha almond freeze for me and peach for my friend. Appetizer sampler was the perfect snack for our morning of sightseeing. The weather was perfect.Good food and great environment to relax have something to eat and listen to some music .... Dinner ask for raffel.... Nashville is a good server but let's be real he needs some more experience. Po boy sausage gator was greatOutdoor cafe with an excellent location right next to a quaint park. You feel like you're close to the "action" yet in a place you can relax.
I had bloody mary's which were some of the tastiest I've ever had garnished with pickled green beans, olives, and pickled onions. For food, I had the muffaletta -- it was quite tasty. I had the half and, unless you're REALLY hungry, that's what I'd recommend.
The service was wonderfully friendly and there was live blues by talented muscians...during lunch!The Gazebo Cafe was an outdoor cafe with limited seating. They had a food menu, but I bought a Strawberry Daiquiri with Ice Cream ($6.75) on their drink menu. My friend ordered a Strawberry Margarita ($7.75) and a Fried Alligator ($9.95). It took a few minutes to prepare and it was worth the wait for a hot day. The Strawberry Daiquiri with Ice Cream was good and I didn't really taste the alcohol. The girl who prepared our drinks was nice and seemed to be the one in charge based on what I saw. Good place to stop for a drink on a hot day.This is the perfect place to hit when your diversions bring you down near the river. I happened to be headed back from the French Market, and since I had a sudden craving for a blended beverage, I stopped and purchased a rum rummer. I did not regret it. It packed quite a punch yet lost no delicious points in the process. The price wasn't bad at all either. 
I'd love to eat here on their outdoor patio; it seems a great way to relax and people watch.The service was terrible, but it's a covered patio with live music so you just can't be mad! I had one of their Gazebo bloody Mary's - whew what a great way to start the morning! Spicy, flavorful and STRONG vodka! Also had the gumbo, my first time ever really having that - it was good! If you're looking for light crowd and a nice breeze, check this place out for sure!Enjoyed a late lunch right next to the stage where some performers were playing great music. The restaurant is very casual, so if you prefer the in-restaurant dining experience, this isn't for you. The food came out quick and our waiter was outstanding. If you want a quick bite while you people watch, stop by. The virgin Piña Colada was superb.Ice cream daiquiri??? Yes.  All wonderful.  Great live music all day.  I did not eat here but other people food looked good.  Service was pretty crappy. Only 1 guy that was cheerful and any help. Rest of the staff just moped around.We stopped here for a round of drinks and an appetizer after spending an hour and a half in the French Market.  Our waitress was almost immediately disinterested in us after figuring this out.  Which is a shame for her because we normally tip really, really well.  Anyhow.  The drinks were fantastic and the music was great! The app was okay but the gumbo looked amazing!  The waitress was on the low end of what I'd expect at a sit down but what-evs!  I highly recommend for the drinks if you find yourself stumbling out of the market already a little hungover.  Get a Creole-Splash... yum!Very nice area good music nice place to take a break and grab a bite to eat. Had the app sampler it was very good first time trying alligator. Nice server would recommend. Taking in the view and relaxing with yummy foodPerfection! We had walked to another restaurant and they wouldnt allow our kids inside. We then found this little gem. We were in florida for a few days so I was sick of seafood, but I was pleasantly surpised here. We ordered too much, but it was all good. The ice cream drinks were yummy! There was a live band too. My husband and I both said it was way better than any of the seafood we had in florida. Great place! The service could have been a tad faster but very friendly.Awesome place to sit in the patio and have a delicious blood Mary. This is one our traditions each time we come to NOLA. Live music is great. I have never tried the food here. This place is just awesome for patio relaxing. Bloody Mary's and live jazz on our walk to the French market.Starting off the waitress was really friendly. There is music playing which gives the feel of New Orleans. Their gumbo is one of tastiest ever! But their shallow bowl is a bit pricey....but worth it to turn someone on to gumbo or get those tastebuds dancing. I got the sampler and all the sauce for dipping- tiger sauce is by far one of the best sauces ever! If you're wanting to get a small taste- it's a fairly large portion to share with a few people  :) oh and no sweet tea here.We enjoyed the shrimp and oyster Po Boy and a mudslide and a beer!  The Po Boy was as expected- delicious!  It came with fresh hot fries and a sauce to apply yourself. Very tasty.  Beer was cold and the bar made mudslide was great!  No complaints. Our wait staff was Tammy. She was also wonderful, even admitting she had been out a bit late the night before. What a sweetie!  Served with a smile!Enjoyed the strawberry ritas on a hot day in NOLA. Attentive waitress was quick to serve and accommodate.Really friendly staff, but I was not impressed with the frozen alcohol. My sister got a Pina Colada Malt and I got a Mudslide. My sister said her Pina Colada didn't have enough pineapple and was too coconutty, lol. Mine, on the other hand, wasn't chocolatey enough. I felt a bit sick after drinking it out of politeness and my sister just never finished hers.OK, but not amazing lunch spot in the French Quarter. This is where I learned that Californians and Southerners have a very different concept of "salad". 
We stopped in for lunch and at this point in the trip I need to give my stomach a break from rich (and often fried) southern food. I opted for a grilled chicken salad, which the menu claimed was loaded with veggies. What I got was a plate of romaine, about three slices of tomatoes, three slice s of cucumbers and mayo-like ranch dressing. My husband got a po'boy he was pleased with, they had a killer jazz band playing, and the wait staff was great. So... Maybe just avoid the salad?Hot music and cold drinks! A great place to relax after roaming around the Quarter and the French Market. Four stars because I haven't had a chance to try the food. Take a load off and enjoy! Tell Raffle you want a Gazebo Mary or a Creole Splash. Or go all out and try an ice cream drink!Good location for when you want a break from touring Nola and still want to stay in the thick of things. 
The food is a tad overpriced in my opinion but that's to be expected- though what we did order came in huge portions. The half order mufaletta was as big as my head, and insanely good. 
Try the grasshopper daiquiri! And say hello to the waiter boy with big beautiful eyes for me.Okay, the ice cream daiquiris here are really great! Like a tourist, I was lured in by the sign stating they are the originators of the sweet alcoholic treat. 
I stepped in and in the late morning a jazz band was rocking out. Good music right off is a great sign. We were seated, outdoors as that's the only seating they have, and were treated to some of the nicest service I've had in a long time. The waiters, all of them were so gracious and friendly, coming by to talk to us even though they weren't assigned to our table. 
I ordered an ice cream strawberry daiquiri and gumbo. Both were delicious! The gumbo was really flavorful and the ice cream daiquiri was like an alcoholic milkshake. It was like the best of both worlds - rum and ice cream!
It was cold out so be sure to bring a sweater if you are going to sit for your meal. On summer months I can imagine this place is pretty awesome, especially at night .After an afternoon of exploring came across this cafe while trying to hide from the thunder storm that was brewing. 
Nice little location with friendly staff and the band playing was entertaining as seems to be the norm in New Orleans with the various bands playing.
I ordered the chicken bits and onion rings. I'm so used to the very poor onion rings I was quite stocked that these onion rings were mainly onion with a light batter. The American mustard served with the chicken was delicious.
For drinks I had the banana ice cream daiquiri which was tasty and not overly sweet which tends to happen with banana drinks for some reason.
Service was efficient and polite even with moving people out of building storm (which never got past the growling stage).
Overall if you're down near the French markets, take some time out to soak up the atmosphere and enjoy some well priced drinks and food.Nothing special. Nothing original. Feel like the servers are begging you to come in. One manager would not stop talking to our table while we were trying to enjoy the music. Annoyed us so much we left.Good food, great atmosphere and reasonably priced. The drinks are strong, the music is good and the onion rings are delicious. Generous portions and the service is friendly. I would definitely recommendGo here for the music and a drink. The food is ok, there are much better options. On the day we went the band was the resin we stoped and stayedIf you are into Bloody Mary's, this place has one of the best I have ever had...and that's saying something as I am serious about my Bloodies. My 3 friends and I ended up here to try some crawfish, enjoy the jazz music, and to sit,relax and enjoy the sunshine after walking through the French Market.
Our waiter was extremely friendly and made sure we knew what we were getting ourselves into seeing as 3 of us were crawfish virgins. This is a cute outdoor cafe, great location, easy to grab a table and the servers were quick to notice our arrival and immediately take our drink order. My only complaint is they had Abita listed on the menu, but it was sold out. Abita is a LA beer...it would be like if Mass ran out of Sam Adams! I digress. 
I can't say enough about the Cajun Mary. The mix  was delectable with the perfect amount of bite and zing. The garnishes were my favorite part. Not only did I get olives and a pearl onion, but about 5 green beans. Great place to sit, laugh, listen to great music, enjoy great company and DELICIOUS Bloody heaven.Waiters are stressed out and it shows. Occasionally they yell at customers. Food, drinks and jazz are meh. If you can skip it, do.It's good, but menu items come and go and most if the time they take things off the menu and don't tell you until you order it.
The band never fails to disappoint and I always drop a dollar or two into their water jug tip jar.
Service is sketchy at best and you need to flag down a server. 
Food is always standard, which is good in a city where food can vary according to who us cooking that day.
Check out Gazebo Cafe, take in the music and ambiance and people watch until your hearts content!Live music, great atmosphere. Had the Alligator Sausage Poboy tasted great, the kids order came out fast, which was good they were tired and hungry. We were seated right away it was a nice quick stop. Could see how some would stay longer, but tired kids don't stay in restaurants long.Ice cream daquiris!  Grasshopper or mudpie were exactly what we needed on a hot humid September Saturday.  Sat under a fan outside listening to live guitar jazz, sipping away and had great servers.  Well done.The food was decent.
This is where I had my first po boy which to me I imagined it was just a plain ol' sandwich but when in Rome...
I was right. Nothing particularly impressive or disagreeable about a po' boy. It was big enough that I had half to save for later.
Now what was really impressive was the service. I'm an idiot for not remembering this gentleman's name. I understood what the term southern hospitality meant at this place. Our waiter complimented our beautiful outing ever so well. Picture an outdoor cafe seconds from the Mississippi river. The gentlest of gentlemen calling you baby without any anterior motive but the fact that that's just how people address each other. It's hard to describe. 
I needed to have bread pudding in new orleans. Our waiter informed us they didn't sell any but next door did. Minutes later he shows up with a big piece of the most delish bread pudding I will have probably ever have had.
Certainly a great outdoor dining experience and setting.Awesome crawfish here.. Tony is an awesome manager. Definitely glad we stopped by to eat. And not to mention the ice cream daquiri.. Delicious...I love this place. The perfect spot to sit out on a nice day and work off a hangover while sipping on a nice bloody mary in the shade. You do this while listening to some relaxing live music and people watching... like a much more relaxed union square park. 
It's the closest experience I've had to being in a real life corona commercial... I love this place.Great place to eat outside and enjoy live music. I had the shrimp po boy with fries that was very delicious! After lunch I finished with a White Russian blended frozen drink that was AMAZING! Definitely recommend coming here to eat if you visit NolaGazebo Cafe is near the French Market and offers live music and booze.  You can grab an ice cream daiquiri for $7.75.  Options include mudslide, mocha almond, white Russian, nutty Irishman, dreamsicle, chocolate mint, strawberry, and pina colada to name a few.  The ice cream daiquiri is pretty good, strong and creamy.
....| \      _  , , , - - , ,  _  ,      
.../  , ` . - ' ` '             . _   \ -  ;  ;  ;  , _    
..| ,  a  -   )   ) _         . ; .  (   ` - ` -  ' - '   
'  - - - ' ' ( _ / . _ ) - ' ( _ \ _ )This is an outdoor cafe. There was a live jazz band playing. I went Saturday afternoon, so they may not be there every day. I had the New Orleans sampler and it was great. I wish I liked people 1/4 as much as our waiter.My husband and I sat here with some drinks as a band played Jazz. I had a pina colada it was delicious. He had a hurricane and he loved it. It's right next to the french market and the staff is friendly and kind.When it's two in the afternoon and you find yourself craving something sweet, steer away from the beignets and walk one block east to this place for a Mud Slide! (The beignets will still be there later... And without a line!!)
7.75 for a blended ice cream alcoholic milkshake.... So delicious! No wait at all at the walk up window and they have a live band playing jazz (at least at 2pm on the Thursday we went)
We've gotten so many tips of places to go and things to eat/drink, and I'm so glad to be able to be the one recommending The Gazebo to my friends with future trips here!Gentle breeze and great food
While our group was in the French Market recently, we decided to enjoy lunch at the Gazebo Café. I did enjoy my half-Muffuletta. The bread was soft and not too toasted, the meats and cheese blended nicely with the olive spread and delicious olive oil. 
The one part we did not care for was that they would not split the check. Sure, it is "easier" for them, but we had 8 people and had to settle up amongst ourselves. It was a pleasant area with the gently breeze blowing through the outdoor seating, so it was an enjoyable visit.You've GOT to try their craw-puppies.  Totally amazing. If the weather's nice, hit them up. Their po-boys were good too, but it's the craw puppies that beg me to return.We got the seafood appetizers which was fried shrimp, alligator & crawfish. It was very good and alot of food. Our waiter was very attentive and provided good service.For a good time from Dawn to dusk........this is the place. The atmosphere is always great and open the service staff are all great. The entertainment is superb. Long Island Ice Tea is the best anywhere and I walk miles to get to this spot. I had my first muffaletta and OMG!! I am hooked. I will return for as long as I can.This is a pretty chill spot , the staff was pretty welcoming and nice . For my appetizer I had the appetizer sampler which included; popcorn shrimp, popcorn crawfish and fried alligator . I tried gator for the first time and it was actually good . Tasted nothing like I expected . It tasted like chicken with an after taste of fish. I also had a cup of gumbo which was really delicious . I would definitely come back to Gazela Cafe the next time I'm in New Orleans .Food was good, band was good, but the server didn't tell us until after the meal that the credit card machine was down. I had to wait at our table while my fiance searched for an ATM. NOT COOL.