Recommended to us by our dinner server! Perfect. Not as slick inside as French Quarter places, but much cheaper and fun. Banana and Pina Colada were a hit. Cash only, be ready!Great drinks lead to a great time. I visited with friends during Mardi Gras, I Yelped this place and had to visit.  The location is off the beaten path but is totally worth the drive!!WTF is their best daiquiri ever !  The others not so much the taste medicinal. I'm giving them 5stars solely on the what the F*uck.....make sure you get it with a shot of rumdis is where u get dat ghetto love juice medicine rite chere...a hood spot run by the same ppl who run gene's po boys(infamous landmark & good poboy spot) on da cornda...
Def order to go & dont lolligag..pick a flavor n get da f out or ask cashier for what u wantin..u want strong n sweet or tart n a buzz den roll out..
It can go down @ any moment n u dont wana be dere when it duz...
Had the Ms. P(dont know who she is??)..strong & sweet!!!I lived in New Orleans far too long to have only just discovered their daiquiris!!! For shame! They are fruity, strong and delicious!!! Strongly recommend the house special!This is a great local spot. Not a huge selection of daiquiris, but the friendly staff made up for that. Some friends and I are visiting from out of town, it's our first time in Nola, and we loved being able to grab a Po boy from next door and then head over for daiquiris. I recommend the blue Hawaiian and jungle juice mixed together!Off the beaten path, delicious and a sweet woman serving behind the counter! Kind and fun atmosphere with amazing customer service.We were crazy enough to come here on a cold night...and despite being cold, we still enjoyed the daquiris! Not sure what to get? The nice gentleman will give you a few samples to try! We came by recommendation, and would definitely come again!It's no secret what they serve up here...the name says it all DAIQUIRIS. It's a little joint you can wander in on a hot summer day to get a cool down drank with a kick. As with most places like this they have a variety of flavors spinning around in their premade machines just waiting to give you brain freeze. I often come in for their ATM with a 99¢ fee. They have video poker in the back too if that's yo thang. For me it's a get-it-N-GEAUX kind of place.Great drinks, great prices, and another reason to love New Orleans. Every time I'm in town, I have to visit at least once. Every flavor I've had is delicious, and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly. I'm kinda drooling thinking about these daiquiris now.Still my favorite daiquiri shop in the city, a little off the beaten path but so worth seeking out. Potent drinks and the price is right. Grab a po'boy from their other spot next door and start your night off rightGreat price, service & selection. I paid $6.50 for a 32 oz Knees Dirty (Jungle Juice & Strawberry) I was getting a buzz after the first few sips. The location isn't far from the low end of the Quarter & perfect it you plan on going to Frenchmen street.If your not stuffed from the food next door, or even if you are, this place is an amazing stop for frozen slushii goodness! Mind you this is an adult only establishment, 21 and up.Best place to have a daq-attack! Yummy flavors with silly names. I love this place. Cash only but no worries there is an atm inside.Everything I love about my city when I come home to visit. Even the dude that work there, makes me smile every time I come throughBest place for drinks in NOLA!! Definitely the cheapest place if you're willing to walk a couple more blocks to get there. Trust me it's worth it.
To be honest the drinks were so good I don't even remember what I've had but no complaints at all.
There is no where to sit and you wouldn't really want to stay around in that area anyway so get the 32oz and do some more exploring ;)Sugary sweet. Alcoholically incorrect cocktail mixery. Frozen frou-frou concoctions. All the things that I usually avoid like the plague. But one recent Saturday evening found me gazing at about a dozen churning frozen drink machines and actually ordering one. I looked at it as a rite of passage. In all these years of visiting and/or living in NOLA, I've yet to do the daiquiri thing.
Gene's Curbside (gotta love the "curbside" bit) is basically a daquiri *store* if you will... Think fro-yo shop but with daiquiris. Oh and you don't serve yourself, a counter 'tender fills 'er up. So, like Pinkberry, but with a lot less pink. And no real fruit to be found. Yelp's "bar" category is a bit of a stretch and there isn't yet any classification for drinks-to-go on the site (and I have a strong feeling there never will be). Daiquiri station? 
Anyway, who needs a bar when you can walk these steamy streets with a styrofoam cup full of frozen daiquiri, right? My pick: piña colada. I couldn't find much piña nor colada in this boozy slushy, but I sucked it down alright and was good to go.
Note: check out my pic with the drink names I don't even feel right about including in this review. I dare you to order one of them with a straight face. Dare you!!Major identify theft! Bar tender took my credit card to the end of the bar and while I was watching took out her phone and typed in my credit card number!What can I say but...HELL YEAH!!! The hubby had the WTF and I had the Vickie's Secret. Again...HELL YEAH!!! 
Also, pop in next door to Gene's Poboy's...again...HELL YEAH!!!
Only if Oakland had such a thing.Gene's is our go to daiquiri place, and we are in there a few times a month. I was staying just around the corner and it was highly recommended by a friend, many times. The first time I went in I was overwhelmed with all the options. You pick a size, flavor(s) and if you want an extra shot or not. You do. I've had several different flavor combinations and my new favorite is Purple Stuff with the extra shot and add strawberry. 
Gene's is not a fancy place and it's probably not somewhere you want to stay and drink. But the staff has always been nice, the prices are reasonable, the drinks are strong and taste right.Fun menu. Strong daquiris. My first time going, I ordered the "WTF" with an extra shot. Lol Needless to say, I slept like baby. Next time I gotta try Banana. 
I passed the overcrowded Burbon Street for Gene's. Highly recommended.I went to Gene's and picked up a medium WET WET Daiquiri before going on a stroll through City Park. I ordered it with two extra shots, and it cost me only $5.50 (before tip).
And so began one of the wilder nights of my life.
I've been back to New Orleans once since, but wasn't able to get to Gene's. Next time I will, though, without hesitation!You can't go wrong with this daiquiri shop. Go on Thursday and Friday, Ms. Patsy Is super sweet!!!Ahhhh-mazing!! We got daiquiris (the What-the-f*#% flavor) and po' boys (roast beef). 
Y'all, I wanted to just go back there for the Whole. Entire. Weekend. 
And, if you want bang for your buck, this is IT!!
I LOVE GENE'S!!Great daiquiri and amazing combos!  Staff is local and friendly.  I love the strawberry shortcake and my husband likes the Nice & Right.  Best part is they are reasonable priced and not so frozen you can't drink themI would come here everyday if I lived in NOLA but sadly NYC is too far. Saw this place from the cab and had to come back, I got the 'all white/all right', highly recommend, lady at the counter was amazing. I wish I was there nowI made my first visit prior to a Yelp event nearby and a parade. It is NOT a place I would of ever stopped in. Not because of neighborhood but because its in a part of the city I dont frequent much.  Man I been missing out.
Right before a passing parade , So we walked in , again to a long line. Understandable.  It was an orderly line and it was moving.   This is a cash only establishment but there is an ATM in the back.   It had they typical daiquiri shop flavors,  orange, blue, green and so forth.  The prices were like Whaaaa?  $6.50 for a big ass 32oz.  My lady friend opted for the extra shot (nice!) and dayum... extra shot really means 2 shots!  You get alot for the money here!  Alot.  I took a sip when we walked out and I was reluctant for a second sip.....but that was only temporary.   That daiquiri did the trick!!
Pro tip, flavored to get is Chocolate City and Banana Split.  Boom!Good strong daiquiris. And the lady that works there is cool too. You can add shots if you want. If you are lucky, you might get a curbside parking spot.The woman behind the counter was warm and friendly, the daiquiris were cold and perfectly boozy. We got the Chocolate City and Delicious, both were incredibly tasty. Don't forget to tip.Amazing daiquiris-now we know why Beyoncé goes there. Felt like Beyoncé after finishing them. Drinks were super strong and awesome combinations. Friendly service!the daiquiri i got was a strawberry margarita and it was ok. its cool though cause its next to Genes Poboys. it was kool but just okHow can you not love any daiquiri shop? This place has a smaller selection than most but they had Jungle Juice and that's all I need. A big one is only 6 bucks so they are super cheap too. I don't think they are as strong as the daiquiri shop in the riverbend but just add an extra shot and call it a day.One of the Best spots in town for daiquiris! The quality is excellent and even this it's packed almost always the line flows good. On the other hand parking is terrible lol. Just park on the median and walk up !As a tourist there are certain places you hit because you either here about it or see it on tv. In this case I saw this spot on YouTube. A whole documentary about it actually. Nothing prepared me for when I actually saw it cruising by one night. I screamed that's the place that sell the Daquiris and we hurried up and pulled over. This place looks like life wore it down but  I will say that they sell a tasty Daquiri. I had a mixture of flavors. I don't even remember the ones I chose but I do know banana was a main component and lots of liquor. I could taste the liquor but for some reason it did not give me a buzz. The weirdest thing ever. I enjoyed the drink though. I think every city should have something like this...we all need a quick drink every now and then.I LOVE THIS PLACE!! It's definitely my favorite daiquiri spot in a city over saturated with frozen daiquiri stands. It's extremely divey and really New Orleans. Some people swear by the New Orleans Originals but they a backseat this place. Coming here is a must.Super Funky AF Off The Beaten Path Place to grab a Daiquiri to go. If your looking a wild time then go down to Bourbon and grab a Hand Grenade or a drink at Fat Tuesday's but if your looking for a cool drink on the go this place is Very Reasonably Priced and tastes great. They got a bunch of flavors, they let you sample and you can mix the flavors however you like. They have 3 sizes and started at only $3. Much less than you pay on Bourbon. I got the Medium $5 for a 20 oz cupLove this place, sometimes you have to wait in line but that's alright!There's probably some rule somewhere that says that you have to have music playing in the background in a restaruant. Well, this one probably can give that one up, because the other places around it playing their music way too loud. Good thing the cold-ice of these tasty daiquiri will help you numb some of that nerves on your ear and your head (and maybe some other places for just a bit). Would like to come back here again during the day when I visit New Orleans some day.OK, I've ALWAYS referred to this place as Gene's Daiquiris and had a hell of a time figuring out what to check in to on Yelp. But let it be known that this is THE one and only place worth getting daiquiris in New Orleans. If you're bumming around the Marigny or Frenchmen, make the walk up Elysian Fields to St Claude, it's worth it.
The highlights:
--Amazing daiquiri names that I can't write here because of their suggestiveness
--C H E A P
--Someone who works here is really down with awesome pro/safe-sex messaging given the sign near the door
--You can actually taste the booze in their daiquiris and they're actually very tasty, which I can't say for any other daiquiri spot in New Orleans
My favorites are the strawberry shortcake, banana split, and the Chocolate City (no longer on the menu, just ask for a White Russian with chocolate syrup)I been drinkin'. I been drinkin'.
Personal opinion. There are just not enough daiquiri shops in town outside of the French Quarter. 
While Gene's has garnered some recent fame since 'yonce and Jay-Z were seen getting their daq on here Summer 2014, this lil' daq shop earned its sweet sweet recognition way before then. 
Went on a slower day to grab a daiquiri so there was an opportunity to get complimentary samples to try different flavors. There flavors are pretty standard for a daiquiri shop but they have a Biblical list of ways you can mix them and the concoctions have some spectacular names! I went with my usual: medium White Russian with an extra shot. It was good and elusively strong as daiquiris should be, but I think I'll stick with my drive-thru DBC in Metairie unless I'm out this way.
There is a wonderful opportunity for photos shoots with the well-endowed, gravity defying "Donna" as I will name her, and we had a good time re-enacting the photo of Beyonce and Jay-Z leaving Gene's in style! 
They do accept credit cards, but bring cash to tip your bartender since there is not a tip line on your receipt!WTF! Get it! You'll know what I mean when you go there. Great inexpensive daiquiris in no frills to-go cups. Definitely started my night off right with one of these and a couple shots extra added to it. Sure felt like crap later that night err morning but when in NOLA...LOVE this place. Off the beaten path but worth the walk, better than most in NOLA.This was one of our first stops on our visit to NOLA. We went on a recommendation from our Airbnb host and found the place easy enough. There's ample street parking so I wouldn't fret about that. Our experience in the restaurant was great. The woman working there told stories about her experiences in NOLA as well as the history of the store. She was great to talk to and really helped us look over the menu. The booze was REALLY cheap and we left particularly satisfied with our experience.
Until that night when our stomachs erupted. Why do I think it was this place that caused it? Because we had eaten before we left Birmingham and this was the second and only other thing we had that day other than some dry snacks we had brought along. Maybe it was all the artificial coloring/flavoring? Maybe they don't clean their machines? I don't know but I do know that I won't be back.One of my first 'I'm not in Kansas' moments of moving to New Orleans was the discovery of the frozen daiquiri. No longer solely the purview of a Friday night at Chili's, these frozen, boozy concoctions were a way of life. From Bourbon Street to drive-thrus (I *still* don't understand this one), a Friday, Saturday... or Tuesday wasn't complete without a Big Gulp of frozen booze in hand.
So it came to pass that it was five o'clock somewhere and that meant daiquiri time. Fortunately, my group was posted near to Gene's. While many in the crew got excited because Mama Knowles (and her daughter, son-in-law & their bodyguard) came here in the past, I was much more concerned with getting my 'The Parkers' on: heeey! To that end, I ordered a large mix of Hpnotiq, Blue Hawaiian and Strawberry. Y'know, I am almost embarrassed to write this. Almost. Knowing that I was getting a large (for a dollar more why *not* drink ALL the alcohol? It's frozen. That means it's, like, healthy), I was a wee bit concerned for a raging hangover (sweet cheap booze is, generally, not a good idea). Luckily for my liver, head and body, my New Orleans sea legs came back in a jiffy (plus I knew not to suck it all down at once; if you get the largest size, sip it) and I was in fine form. I was laid back, feeling good and judging folks in no time.
A couple of last notes: tip your bartender. Our bartender was patient, funny and chatty. You know that she didn't have to be any of those three, much less all of them. You can eat there if you want. I can't speak to the sandwiches but folks seem to like them. I choose not to confuse why I am at a certain place. Focus. It's a gift. While plastic works, cash is king. Outside of the fancier New Orleans digs, the previous sentence is a way of life. Note it.I like Gene's for Daquiris. It's not as fancy as the big spots but it's charming. Definitely a local spot. The daqs are strong and affordable. If I'm in the neighborhood it's a definite must get! 
The staff is really cool too. They aren't here to entertain you but they are pleasant and are great bartenders!This is exactly what you would expect. No bells and whistles, just daiquiris of various flavors. I ended up mixing orange and peach. Tastes delicious and is going the mark for what i wanted.curbside blended daiquiri place with unexpectedly progressive sexual politics. there's a sign on the window that says something like, "if they're too drunk to say yes, it's RAPE." way to do, daiquiri place!
banana split daiquiri
holy shit delicious
get the extra shotOnly in NOLA can you grab alcohol heavy daiquiri anytime during the day. On my most recent visit into town we took a break and ventured into their doors - I was more than a littel shocked! It was reminiscent of about 10 7-11's except the only thing for sale were frostys/slushies/etc.
The twist... these are not your typical summer time cool treats. No sir. These bad boys will put you on your ass after about half a dozen sips. They've got about 10 varieties and then an endless number of combinations of those 10. It's crazy.
After about half of a large however they definitely made me feel ill, and the sugar content gave me a headache. I think perhaps a smaller size would have been better for me, but overall I really enjoyed the first few tasty sips!Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. I love all the different choices and combos to choose from. No only was Pasty the coolest daiquiri maker we had the pleasure to deal with, the drinks were good. I visited like place about 6 times over the course of 3 days. Great bang for your buck! And the best part... It's NOLA, you can walk around with your daiquiri while you're visiting other places. I'd I lived there I would visit this place way too much.This is the REAL DEAL New Orleans.  You think it's only drunk frat boys from Texas who get Daiquiri's to-go...? get your nose off Burbon Street to see what's really up.  Away from the Quarter and several blocks off Frenchman street you'll find a pink building near the corner of Elysian Fields and St. Claude on the border of the 9th Ward ghetto.
I only know about this place because i used to volunteer in the area.
The drinks are stiff and sweet and CHEAP and of course always ordered to go.  Not only were me and my friends the only tourists in here, I was definitely the only white person.    Look out for gold teeth and corn rows and amazing women's hairdos.  You'll get a taste of another kind of New Orleans.So, apparently this is Bey's spot... must be the pink exterior or is it because of those downright homegrown NOLA daiquiris? I am a daiquiri sipper not a big gulper, so a small cup for me please. Call me a lightweight, yes I am, so please do because a small cup was one I could hardly finish. The shop is small, maybe about 10-12 could fit inside, max. Those machines are spinnin' for your liquored slushy fix. Customer service here is the best and the lady behind the counter that day, when a group of us came in was so sweet and let us sample just about anything we wanted to help us make our decisions. This was key for us to choose the right daiquiri! Liquor was strong, flavors were bold and icy cold!