What can I say about Gene's Po-Boys it's a little bit ratchet, but damn if they don't make the best shrimp po boys. 
When I come back to New Orleans this is going to be one of my first stops!
The customer service here is poor and unfriendly at best, which is a shame because I'm sure many people are not a fan of having a side of attitude with their order. But damn it they do make some good ass po boys, and on that basis alone they deserve at least one visit.Don't take offense if the surly lady behind the register seems pissed that she has to give you the time of day, I think it is just her schtick. 
The hot sausage with cheese is good if you have a hankering for some greasy and bready goodness. It isn't the best poboy I've had in the city and it definitely isn't the worst. The fact that you get a free drink with purchase is cool, too. 
I've never had a problem in here during the day but I came in late at night once to use the ATM and they asked me if I was lost. Uhh, this is the corner of Elysian Fields and St. Claude, not Compton. Give me a break.I don't know what all the hype is about. They had 5 menu items,  two which were more like breakfast items.  I wanted a more authentic poboy, which they did not seem to have, so I opted to go for the "bayou burger" very specifically asking for no onions.  I got a very large sandwich, so there was that, but it was basically a couple of overcooked hamburger patties, COVERED in onions,  with ketchup,  mustard,  lettuce,  and a couple of slices of bacon.  Not only did they seem to put extra onions at the request of none,  which I checked and was even noted on the receipt,  but there was no sign of the signature "bayou sauce" that was supposed to make it worthwhile. Once I got done scraping the tiny bits of grilled onion off everything, it tasted only mediocre.  Again,  overcooked, dry patties and nothing much to set it apart.  It was like the McDonald's of poboy restaurants,  only there weren't even at least good fries.  Supposedly they have really late hours,  I imagine stumbling in here drunk in the middle of the night I might find it at least satisfying, but sober in the middle of the afternoon?  I was severely let down. 
Save it for a drunk night.This was excellent. Our lyft driver told us about this place. Get the hot sausage with the works. 14.03 dollars. So good. Share with your partner. Yummy.Great prices.  Total dive with only two tables.  Had hot sausage. Great PO-Boys. Service a bit slow. Recommended.Came here on a late night run. I had really wanted to try a daiquiri from here but they was closed by the time I got there so po boy it is. Don't expect glamour when come on here (dirty, no tables) and the menu itself is not big. I went with the the bayou burger po boy (pepper jack cheese, bayou sauce, bacon, etc). The sandwich is huge, the bread is good and crisp and the sandwich itself was excellent (also had fries which were good but you know your regular fries). I would come back here purely for the sandwich (bayou burger that is) and to try a daiquiri nothing else.The food was outstanding!  Fresh and delicious!  Portions are BIG!  The storefront is right out of central casting for "hole-in-the-wall-locals-only", but the food more than compensated for the ambiance!  Parking was okay since I came off hours.  The hot sausage and cheese is supposedly the hit and after trying it, I totally agree! If looking for the most amazing French bread, look no further!  Glad I trusted fellow Yelp!ers!!!All these good reviews for Gene's (and Melba's and countless other shitty sandwich counters) really make me wonder whether New Orleanians have any idea what sandwiches should be like.  Bring the flames, but seriously, there are great little sub shops around the country in unassuming spots that charge 1/2-2/3 these prices for legitimately delicious food.  And that's in more expensive and vastly more wealthy cities!  The bread is dry crap.  The sauces are pretty much just salt.  I don't even know what to say to those who praise the lump of bottom feeding "meat" they call a sausage.  The place is dirty and ugly--things I'd eagerly overlook for good, cheap food (which this is not), and this adds to the sense of depression I feel while waiting for my overpriced, disappointing sandwiches.  
So yeah, poor quality, not tasty, expensive, and bad for my heart.  Why am I here again?  The music is usually kickin', though, +24 hours (except Saturday night!!) so two stars, I guess?I was truly blessed the day I stumbled across this magical wonderland of roast beef and sausage. I am salivating at the thought of a genes poboy gracing my taste buds again. No, but in all seriousness, best poboy in Nola bar none.Wow!! This place is a hidden gem! It's not in the best part of town, and they only have 2 tables, but boy, the food is amazing!  I had the hot sausage with cheese poboy and my boyfriend had the fried shrimp poboy.  Both sandwiches were incredible.  The bread was soft and flaky.  The sausage in my sandwich was delicious and the cheese and mayo cut the heat in the sausage.  My boyfriend loved his shrimp sandwich.  There was a ton of shrimp on the sandwich and he said they were perfectly breaded and fried.  We also split an order of fries, which was wise as the sandwiches are huge! The price for the sandwich also includes a fountain drink. They now accept credit cards.  If you want a delicious poboy, where the locals go, then this is your place!The neighborhood was sketchy and I was worried about the food there. But the food was great. The hot sausage po-boy was really good, a little spicy. The roast beef one was messy but tasted so awesome! I wish they had more tables or bigger tables.Grabbed a Po-Boy at 3 am and was surprised that it was that good!  So I went again the following day...lol Yes it was that delicious!The best po boy in New Orleans :-)! Roast beef and hot sausage were fantastic and the service was spectacular.This place is a hole in the wall of New Orleans but it's definitely worth it. It's hard parking but it will be worth it! The hot sausage with cheese is a must try po boy! It is absolutely hot fresh and delicious! I'll definitely go back for sure, the place itself is not nice and clean nor pretty but the food gets the job done.Go here if you are interested in being obese and dining on low quality meat.  Save yourself the trip and go to Metairie Seafood.The food was outstanding!  Fresh and delicious!  Portions are BIG!  The storefront is right out of central casting for "hole-in-the-wall-locals-only", but the food more than compensated for the ambiance!  Parking was okay since I came off hours.  The hot sausage and cheese is supposedly the hit and after trying it, I totally agree! If looking for the most amazing French bread, look no further!  Glad I trusted fellow Yelp!ers!!!Weird pink building with messy poboys. Doesn't sound like a winning combo but it dang sure is one. The philly roast beef was a medley of delicious meat cheese and onion. And for added cool points there is a daiquiri shop right behind it. If you are in the neighborhood and don't stop here you are missing out buddy!The ambiance inside this place is nearly non-existent and doesn't encourage dining inside.  This place is generally very fast but it really isn't one of the better po boy joints in the city.  You do get a free drink with your po boy but they only have Pepsi products and no fresh brewed iced tea.  The roast beef po boy here is the sliced variety with no real gravy but it does have some green pepper and onion coating that gives it a bit better flavor than just plain sliced roast.  Unfortunately they also don't have creole mustard here.  If you're in a hurry or its late at night and want a mediocre po boy this place will work but there are far better places to go.  Its also cash only so be prepared.We where told about this place by a local friend. The sausage po-boy is really good! My date really enjoyed the roast beef. The portions where huge.AMAZING!!! You must get the signature Hot Sausage Po Boy!The bread is amazing,
I like to get the Hamburger Po-Boy only lettuce and pickles.
Food comes out fast and on point
Soda comes with meal built into set price. 
Prices are high but it's always openFabulous local find. Hot sausage was delicious but roast beef may have been even better. Remember it's cash only (though there is an ATM). It's clear this is a local favorite & for good reason.After a night of partying at a friend's hotel watching the super bowl with much drink but little food we ventured over to Gene's for a quick bite to eat. My friend ordered the philly beef and i ordered the burger. Well the philly beef was this big blob of a sandwich filled with deli sliced roast beef, can gravy and about a half a gallon of mayonnaise. My burger was not as bad as the philly beef. It was two real beef patties with diced grilled onions and real cheese all was great until like the philly beef they smothered it again in a half gallon of mayonnaise. If I ever am drunk enough to go to Gene's again I will certainly tell them to hold the mayo.I was a little disappointed in my po-boys. We got a sausage one and a shrimp one. The sausage was too salty, while the shrimp was pretty solid but not memorable.
What was memorable is the sign outside that's red on yellow on a pink wall that says "HOT SAUSAGE PO BOY" which is a great name for a stripper. Which is cool.Came here on a late night run. I had really wanted to try a daiquiri from here but they was closed by the time I got there so po boy it is. Don't expect glamour when come on here (dirty, no tables) and the menu itself is not big. I went with the the bayou burger po boy (pepper jack cheese, bayou sauce, bacon, etc). The sandwich is huge, the bread is good and crisp and the sandwich itself was excellent (also had fries which were good but you know your regular fries). I would come back here purely for the sandwich and to try a daiquiri nothing else.I'll admit that I was a bit taken aback when I found out that Gene's doesn't serve seafood po-boys. I thought that was a tradition, but I just shrugged my shoulders and ordered anyway. 
I came here on the recommendation of a NO native, who suggested that (despite my recollection of the 'best peaux-boy spots' in town) I knew nothing about the real version of the simple, yet delicious sandwich. I was even labeled a tourist, which I take offense to since I have family here, but whatever (smile). 
I ordered the hot sausage sans cheese, but topped off with sauteed onions, mayo, etc. It was pretty tasty. I didn't have an earth-shaking moment, but it was still good. The fact that they are open until 6 a.m. and have a daiquiri spot right next door does increase their popularity a bit. 
Note: I detest the word 'sketchy', and I saw nothing at Gene's that seemed questionable. Now, if fellow Yelpers are not used to being around people that don't look like them, that's fine. There's nothing to be afraid of - it's just po-boys.The restaurant had a bad smell inside and the customer service was not good at all. Old hateful women at the front counter that had no customer skills. Food was mediocre.When you are looking for something good to eat especially late at night, this is the place. You don't go there to dine in, you don't go there for shrimp po-boys, you go there for something to coat the stomach after a night on the town and not wake up with a hang-over. That is Gene'sSuch a disappointment!  I am from New Orleans and I've been eating Po-Boys all of my life and I will never go back to this place. The hot sausage/w cheese was $9.25, way too much.  As I unwrapped my over priced Po-Boy, I realized it was on a paper plate and then wrapped in paper which was dripping in grease.  The hot sausage was not Mr. Patton's Hot Sausage,  whatever brand that is used at Gene's is not tasty. I usually go to one of the many Cajun's seafood locations.  I only tried Gene's to see what all the hype was about and this spot makes the city look bad. So bad that I downloaded this yelp app and registered for an account immediately. If you want a good Po-Boy, go to Cajun's on 1.Claiborne at St. Bernard 2.Berhman HWy (Westbank- Algiers) 3.Ames Blvd (Westbank-Marrero).A great authentic NOLA experience. Well worth a 5-10 minute wait for "gravy". The woman behind the counter could tell we were from out of town so we asked her to recommend sandwiches for us - this was a great idea! Sandwiches are slightly pricey, but worth it for what you get. They also take credit cards now! Be sure to grab your sandwich and head next door for a daiquiri! I recommend a mix of jungle juice and blue Hawaiian.Greasy little joint without much ambiance and best suited to go. It's the type of place you wander into if you are drunk or on a budget or a drunken budget. I actually come in more for their ATM with the 99¢ fee then to eat. But if I do grab food it's because I need something greasy and fast. Sandwiches are large and come with a soft drink at an affordable price. It's not one of my favorite po boy places or even close for that matter but it serves a purpose. Wash it down with a daiquiri next door at doesn't hurt.I came 2x in a weekend for the hot sausage Po' big with cheese. Large serving size so no French fries are needed. My friends don't care as much for he roast beef sandwich, it's always busy and open 24/7 with interesting people- perhaps that's why they can't clean up front I mean really !!!Really good sandwiches open 24hr had the shrimp and roast beef P.O. boy you also get a drink with your sandwichHeartburn guaranteed but it's so worth it.
This year was my second time I went down to New Orleans, and when he asked me if there was any place I wanted to go this was first on my list. The value is so great. My only complaint is that I can't eat it right now.Saw this place by accident when heading to Frenchmen Street. 
There was a line of customers and parking was full.
We we're greeted by the cashier/ order taker.
We ordered Bayou Burger and Roast Beef Po Boy sandwiches. Both sandwiches were hot and good.
Cashier was friendly.
A place to visit when you're visiting Frenchmen Street.whats not to like..its a mom and pop hole in the way..with your cousins..all the food is good everytime I come to new orleans I stop here and get a boboy and a daiquiri in the back..This is THE BEST LATE NIGHT poboy shop... this is the stop where the locals go after a late night out.  The poboy & drink special are second to none.  The french bread is always frest & soft.  Nothing beats the hot sausage with cheese & or a dressed hamburger with cheese... the BESTEST!!!!!What you see is what you get. And that's absolutely fine here, because the food is that delicious.
We were staying at a nearby AirBnb and we decided to walk over to Gene's for some poboys for dinner to bring back to our AirBnb. Now the area is a little dodgy, and if you're a lady I'd suggest not venturing out alone at night. 
The interior is no frills and no fancy airs with the customer service. You get in line, you order your poboy and you pay and wait. Keep an ear out because they will call out your order number so you don't want to miss that. There was no area to really sit and eat there itself, but I believe I had read you can take the sandwich next door's to Illy's and eat there.
I got the shrimp poboy and it came with a soda. And saying that the poboy was huge is an understatement. Well over a footlong. Two people can easily share one sandwich (Although mileage may vary depending on how famished you are)
The shrimp was fried to perfection, and the sandwich was dressed with lettuce and mayo and a hint of hot sauce. The french bread was chewy inside and crusty on the outside. My friend got a philly steak sandwich with the extra gravy and that was delicious also.
Good news is that they do accept credit cards now, so no cash only worries.
For the price and portion, Gene's is a great poboy location. It feels like a place a lot of the locals go to, and a good place near Frenchmen street to get poboys.Not the best po-boys as a was suggested.  Place is small and seems a little bit dirty.  We waited and waited and waited for our shrimp po-boys and after seeing eveyone that walked after us getting their food we finally got ours.  It was dry for my taste and bread didn't feel fresh.Quintessential Nawlins Po Boy Experience!  Don't miss it.  Some of the best around.Had the spicy sausage po boy with American cheese. Perfection. The ambiance isn't much to look at. But the folks are friendly and the food is good. What more do you need?The hot sausage and cheese poboy is off the chain - especially for a late night fix. Really good for absorbing alcohol! We were on French St. and need something to eat so we ran over to Gene's and got sandwiches for the group. Everyone was grubbing! There were a couple left (we bought a lot!) so we brought those home the next day and my son's gobbled them up. Will go there every time I am in NOLA!!!This place is a little off the beaten path from the usual tourist areas of New Orleans. But it's a nice, straight, 15-20 min walk from the bustle of Bourbon Street and well worth the trip. It seems to be a usual spot amongst locals and the area is more residential but the staff is friendly and accommodating nonetheless. I got the shrimp po boy and it was honestly one of the best meals I've had in New Orleans. The shrimp was hot and fresh and was packed with flavor. The sandwich itself is pretty big but will fill you up. Plus you get a free soda with a sandwich. There's very limited seating so if it's crowded it's best to take your food on the go but we were there on a slow Tuesday afternoon so we were able to grab a table inside. All in all, it's totally worth a visit if you're in New Orleans.My husbands loved the catfish po boy, huge catfish!  Hot and fresh.  I loved the sausage po boy, no cheese, the decor is very raw if you k ow what I mean,  it the cleanest joint but they know how to make po boys.I was referred to Genes by co-workers who were from New Orleans and i was not disappointed. I had the Philly Po'Boy and my boyfriend had 1/2 hot sausage and 1/2 hamburger po-boy, both were excellent. The were gone in minutes. We ended up going back t he next day. That was saying alot since we were only in NOLA for 3 days! We have come to find out that Po-Boy Sandwiches are similar to the grinders we get in CT.Great dronk food! If you're partying in 7th Ward or Frenchmen just swing on over. Their fruit punch is the best!Gene's is that rare combination of divey feel with outstanding menu offerings. My wife and I came here for lunch after church last weekend. Unfortunately none of the menu items appealed to her (weird pregnancy stuff), but the roast beef po-boy, called the D'Phillis, looked appetizing. It was gratifying that they took credit cards, and turned the order out in 3-4 minutes. It was outstanding, probably the best po-boy I've had while living here, certainly up there with places like Parkway. Definitely not for the faint of heart, as it gets a little messy. The one drawback is the lack of seating, but that shouldn't take anything away from what those folks are doing back there in that kitchen. I just hope that all of the construction at that intersection doesn't affect this place's business.Call this place ILLY!!! 
The food was so good at Gene's. I had a catfish Po-Boy that was bigger then my forearm! The catfish was tender and juicy. I think the best part of this Po-Boy was the fresh French bread the sandwich was on. The entire sandwich was delicious from beginning to end. I went to 3 different Po-Boy spots while I was in New Orleans last week and this was hands down the best.
Please do not second guess this restaurant! You'll be playing yourself.Soooo funkadelicious!!! In a damp lit, small windowed place, the cloud shook, the heavens opened up, the Angels harked, and beethoven's 6th filled the chamber as I bit into a sausage po boy. The rest is history.Twice in one day.  Need I say more?   Hot Sausage the first time and Cheese Burger the second time.  Both incredibly delicious.  Service is very friendly.  We hope to make this a stop every time we come to town.The Phillis is enough to feed two on its own. Comes with a drink in the $10.95 price tag. Staff is welcoming and the place is always busy so you know it's good.5 stars?...Well I rate by the "It Is what it is" rule...and if you go to Gene's because it is what it is, you'll be getting genuine 5 star fulfillment.
One of the more minor post Katrina tragedies was the closing of Verti Martes overnight shift.  When I worked there a million years ago, they didn't even have a lock on the door (the day of the French Quarter bloackout, they left a semi-crazy cook in with a hatchet to deter the non-existent looters...but I digress).  the lack of late night Verti Marte could crush a drunk Po' boy lovers soul...but there still is Genes.
Genes is big and pink and filled with New Orleans, its another place not for the faint of heart...at 3 AM you'll be waiting with gangsters, musicians, surly cops and professional drunks of all shapes...but, yeah, they do all know something.  If you rate a Po boy by how greasy it is...how easily the roast beef tries to slither out of the bread with every bite, Genes is the place.  Crunchy french bread meets an incredible goopy mayo cheese lube that has the meat sliding all over the place...and at 3 AM, if you can keep it together or not, there is no better taste in town.
Roast beef Philly is my choice, but they also have a great hot sausage, and video poker to boot...obviously you are feeling lucky; you stopped here, didn't you? 
If thats not enough, the next building over is Gene's daiquiri stand.  Worth the short walk from the Quarter any hot afternoon.  There's more booze in a large Genes daiquiri then in 5 on bourbon street; and that is before you pay the extra buck for an additional shot of some 190 proof firewater in there.  With all the sugar It's like slurpy and crack cocktail, but without having to sell your mommas TV.  Visitors to New Orleans, get out of the Quarter and into Gene's and your a step closer to understanding the town.Yes. The woman at the counter could be the 8th dwarf.... "SURLY". But the hot sausage po-boy is nothing short of A-MAZING. Definitely worth the attitude. But I wouldn't go there after dark.I just so happen to livea short bike ride from the pepto-pink beacon of po'boy greatness, Gene's Po'boys, located at St. Claude and Elysian Fields.
Out of all of the po'boy spots in all of New Orleans, this one is my favorite.  It's open 24 hours, it's so close to me, and it is that dirty little food secret that is sooo bad and sooo good all at once.  I already know that their roast beef po'boy with cheese is something that I will crave no matter where I am in the world for my entire life, and have craved the last couple of years while I was away .  For me, it's a toss up between the hot sausage and the roast beef po'boy, but I have to say I think the roast beef wins for me.  Steaming hot roast beef, gravy, gooey American cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles, mayo, on fresh french bread, mmmmm...makes my tummy happy and hungry just thinking about it.  And it is huge, I can never make it much further than half-way through the sandwich, and it is always great later.
Gene's only has something like 5 or 6 sandwiches on their menu, a couple breakfast ones (I'm not really sure, I stick the roast beef or sausage), the hot sausage, the roast beef, and hot ham and cheese.  That is it.  No sides, no bullshit, just a po'boy and a free soda.
The location is considered by some to be a 'bad' part of town, I guess thats relative, go in like you know what you are doing, you already have all the menu items to choose from above.  I literally only go at night, for some reason Gene's isn't the same in the sunlight, a couple beers in your belly doesn't hurt either.  They are cash only, and our favorite daiquiri spot is right around the corner on Elysian Fields--and they are owned by the same guy.
Keep it local.
I know what I'm eating for dinner....Gene's is weLl know for their sandwiches and this day they did not disappoint. I had my mind set on coming here from the time I woke up this morning. 
I had a few things to take care of earlier in the day and once I was finished I made a beeline here. I arrived earlier durIng the day so I did not have any parking problems. I parked in their lot behind their location. In fact I was the only car there. 
When I walked in I placed my order and handed them by debit card to pay and that's when they told me that they only accept cash, but they have an ATM on site for only .99 charge . 
I had a ham and cheese dressed on French that had loads of meat and came with a drink included in the price. They have a variety of items to order including: hot sausage, burgers, roast beef... I would encourage you if you are in the area to stop in and try them out.Seems some kind of issue here.  Several restaurants and they should all connect.  Instead one does fried.  One does burgers.  One does daquiris.  Even the attitudes seemed taxed at genes.  At ILYS...  Super friendly.  Especially stephanie.  Shrimp Po boy to go.   Nice clean at ILYS. Genes kinda dirty.  All same owner.  Seems like some serious issues regarding chastising customers for issues of who can serve what.   Used to go in genes for all of it.    Been a customer here for long time.  This recent change is like miscommunication with your clientele.   It should all be one.   Cheers $ tipped these girls for the service and smiled....We got the shrimp & oyster po'boys. The shrimp was good enough but certainly not what we'd qualify as good. The oyster po'boy was not well seasoned. There were actually no flavors that stood out, leaving us greatly disappointed.A genuine greasy spoon with a surly clerk taking your order and lots of interesting local color strolling in and out.  Recommend maybe not coming in after dark like we did, but that was part of the experience.  Food (maybe 5 choices of Po-boys) get 5 stars, price gets 5 stars + the free drink...bread is also OUTSTANDING.  The hot sausage was dynamite.  Only two tables, cash only and sketchy neigborhood limit the stars, but what are we here for?  The Po-Boys of coursse.  Recommend a cab ride if it's late; but the upside is just a few short block walk afterward to Frenchmen's Street and some great jazz.Such great food for the price and what it looks like! This is a super casual, walk up and order, type place but the food is amazing! Our Lyft driver recommended the cheeseburger po boy and it was so good!! Definitely would recommendAnother local spot. Late night you were out at the club you have the munchies possibly from legal in some states activities Lml stop here order the roast beef cheese steak with Swiss cheese. Take the cup they give u get a fountain drink U going be waiting a while but when u get it cheese, beef,bread a better marriage then a Mormon!I'm afraid I don't share the same sentiment as a lot of the previous reviewers.  I went one late night over Super Bowl weekend because almost everything else was closed.  Maybe it was just the sandwich I ordered (roast beef po boy)  or maybe it was a bad weekend to be there  - but that was one of the worst sandwiches I'd ever had.  It had a ton a mayo oozing out of the sides; soggy lettuce and flavorless tough meat.  It was just not what I was expecting since prior to that I hadn't had a bad meal in NOLA before; especially a po boy.  Sorry; Gene's is not for me.A down and dirty greasy spoon complete with crackheads, rough clerks and video poker. If you worked here you'd be rough too. 
Come to Gene's if you are brave and hungry. They have a small menu of poboys and breakfast items. I believe breakfast stops at 10am. Free cold drinks with poboy purchases too! 
My guy always gets the sausage patty poboy which is nice and greasy. 
You want to see the non-touristy side of NOLA? Come to Gene's.Amazing local poboy joint. About five things on the menu but they're all superb. Everything's served on French bread so try the burger too! Great for breakfast! Also includes free drinks with any order. Reasonably priced but not much seating inside-- take out may be better.Delicious local joint! Get the hot sausage & cheese! Yummy!Rough exterior, but the food definitely makes up for it! I had the shrimp po-boy, the shrimp was cooked perfectly, and there was just enough lettuce/mayo/pickle to balance it out. I hate mayonnaise, and I didn't even mind having it, it was THAT good!Far from fancy but it is good stuff. IMO, this is one of the best hot sausage po-boys you will have (especially late at 4am). 
When I visit home, this is always on my list of places to eat. The best!!The shrimp po boy was amazing. The hot sausage was just alright, but I'd still recommend this place for the shrimp alone.Get your official po-boy here! Had to go deep in the hood to find it but it was worth it! Get the burger po-boy!!Next time you're visiting New Orleans, venture out from the touristy area by Bourbon street and your hotel to Gene's in the hood of the city for the best po boys in town!!  We had the roast beef po boy which was extremely messy with dripping cheese on both sides but still absolutely delicious!!  If Beyoncé makes special trips to eat in this tiny hole in the wall with only two tables to get her po boy on, I had to find out how good it really was and Gene's did not disappoint....highly recommend!!Ate here twice on my trip and had the roast beef d'phillis both times. First visit was amazing. The reason for four stars is the lack of consistency during my second visit. Not bad but definitely not the same. May have been because it was very busy during my second visit. Either way, 2nd po-boy was nothing special.Pissed off.gave me cheese and I didn't order cheese.i used waitr. Should of know it was trash when the cashier asked me did I want my drink I paid for..like yea I want it..never going back horrible food today and service..would love manager to call me this was pathetic..5042241462 JeremyMust have when in New Orleans. The best po boy around. Be sure to have the cheeseburger or bayou burger especially.This place was highly recommended by a local friend. And by highly recommended, I mean, enthusiasm coupled with sparkling eyes and a really painful slap on my shoulder (I had a bruise the day after!). That enthusiasm for anything gets me equally enthused so of course we simply had to go!
The good thing about Gene's is that they are open 24 hours, so I imagine they are a godsend after a long night of partying and/or drinking. Also, it feels very much a neighborhood joint so you don't have to deal with "those tacky tourists" much. 
Now, I don't eat red meat so that makes Gene's menu very, very limited for me.  Everybody raves about the hot sausage (beef, said the guy in the counter) poboy, but I could only have the ham and cheese poboy (I know! I know! Who in their right mind does that? Well I was hungry at 3 in the morning!). Well it is nothing special, I can assure you. However, the bread is really very good. I kept imagining how good a poboy would it have been had I been able to choose shrimp or oysters instead (no seafood poboys at Gene's).
But what made me rate this establishment from "Meh" to "A-OK" is the experience. First off, the guy behind the counter was really very pleasant and kept chatting with us. He even gave me advice on how I can speed and not get a ticket ("Just bawl your eyes out, baby!").  There were a few Belgians who came in while we were waiting who looked frankly bewildered that the place their concierge raved about was *this* place and looked suspicious of the clientele. Not that I could blame them -- a number of drunks were at Gene's. In the space of 20-25 minutes, overall rambunctiousness (paired with conversations ranging from freaking hilarious to quite philosophical to nearly violent outbursts) ruled the place. It was an interesting way to end the evening.
So go for the experience, if not for the poboy.My co-worker praised this place up and down saying this was the best po-boy shop in NOLA. I had not yet had one of those famous NO roast beef po- boys yet and he said they had them. This certainly wasn't the case. Don't get me wrong this po - boy was good but not what I was looking for. It's not a messy slow cooked roast beef it's a normal sliced roast beef with gravy on it. They do have that great NO French bread thou.Got the shrimp po'boy it tasted GREAT! Tons of shrimp and flavor! And the sandwich is huge, could feed 2 people! Highly recommend!Upon entering, we were greeted immediately by the cashier! She was super friendly, her name was... Lekeisha I think. Anyways, we looked at the menu and we were so torn on what to get. She offered us some great suggestions and we ended up getting their famous roast beef poboy and the sausage poboy. OMG, the roast beef poboy was delicious! It was so juicy and they packed it with cheese. I love cheese! The bread on the sausage poboy was cooked to perfection. It was soft.. yet lightly crisped. I don't know how they did that. The other thing about the sausage poboy is that it gets tiring to eat because it isn't as soft or juicy. It gets kind of dry after awhile. I could barely finish the poboy because they were HUGE!! This is more of a place for locals. Not much of a dine in experience, but worth to try if you're in the area!Gene's is the bomb!!! Can't miss it either, it's bright pink with flashing lights! White people... be not afraid. :)Hot sausage poboy was worth the trip to Marigny. Also worth the wait inside the restaurant.It's a long wait! But that could be due to Mardi Gras weekend but it's well worth it. The bread is crispy, the po-boy is one of the best in New Orleans. I live here and have tasted many but this is the first place I recommend. They also give you a free drink with your purchase.The best rice and beans!! the Catfish was so freaking good! It is a wait but you will be SO glad you waited and you will not be alone!