This place has amazing food! I got the daily special which was chicken and biscuits, topped with gravy and a fried egg: incredible!!!! If you're in the garden district, you must stop! You won't regret it :)Super friendly staff. Outside seating with perfectly positioned fans. Great food! 
Love the prosciutto and asparagus salad! A perfect balance of healthy and yummy luscious!so this restaurant is an absolute find... The staff is friendly, this food is absolutely delicious... But beware thier brunches on the weekends can be so packed that the wait can be very very long... So get there early, And bring an appetite!Read the fine print: that's the lesson learned when we tried Gott for brunch during Mardi Gras 2011. 
I ordered hot chocolate for my drink. It came back as a watery pale brown liquid that tasted more milk than chocolate. I was like HUH? in a gourmet cafe? I called the waiter's attention to it. He innocently mentioned that they make them from a packet mix. He asked if I wanted something else. I said orange juice instead. It also was not the freshly squeezed kind but came from a commercial brand. When the bill came, guess what I got charged with? Yep, both the hot chocolate AND the OJ. Only after we asked the waiter about the double charge and after he, in turn, consulted with his more senior colleague, did he waive the hot chocolate from the bill. 
When i re-read the menu, I realised that only the meats and some of the fresh produce were being vouched for as coming from the NOLA  suppliers/market. Thus, accounting for the gourmet part even if none of the drinks were. 
Good thing I tried the grits with shrimp breakfast in an orange-y sauce. This helped me consider why the food -- not the drinks -- just the food -- can make the gourmet tag stick. 
One lesson learned for all the casual brunch-ers who got turned away when the place was full: book a table ahead of time.Very good diner. Small selection but everything was delicious and affordable. Highly recommended his place for basic diner fairGreat menu! 
Delcious food. -Gott to have the veggie breakfast wrap WITHOUT creamcheese
Friendly staff. 
Outdoor seating. 
Good prices. 
Huge portions. 
Personally, I'd rather not have enourmous portions. Give me less and charge me less.  Unless I'm splitting a plate with someone else, its not necessary.We were exploring pleaded to eat outside the French quarters and  We found this great place for breakfast. The menus is small but everything was delicious and well prepared . The environment casual and comfortable. I have the shrimp  and grits and the flavor was fantastic nothing overpowered all the ingredients complement each other well. I highly recommend GG's dine o RamaLike Charles H. pointed out the open kitchen is great but the food here is so forgettable. I'm always surprised when dining out in New Orleans (the food capital of the world, in my humble opinion) if the food is bland.
The waitress was very pleasant and we loved her, but the food...ugh. We had a Shrimp BLT wrap and the Cochon de lait Cuban with a side of mac and cheese. Something was just "off" with all three dishes. The sandwiches needed more seasoning and the mac and cheese was too runny or something? I'm hoping they may have been having a bad day because I have heard great things about this place and would be willing to try them again, but you won't see me running back anytime soon.
There's outdoor seating here with water misters aimed at the tables to keep you cool in the sweltering New Orleans heat, which is a very nice touch. Next time I'll be trying the breakfast menu.Alittle disappointed! Had the turkey blt on sourdough. Bread was stale and did not taste like sourdough at all.  But the margaritas are very good so that's a plus.Ham and brie eggs benedict with green onion hollandaise was delicious - flavors were very well balanced and delicate. Coffee is pretty good, too. I would come back for more.Okay..we got to the restaurant at 11:15am on a Sunday morning.  There were PLENTY of empty tables, but when we put our name on the list, we were told it would be a 50 minute wait and they would not be serving breakfast by the time we were seated.  Looking around...there were about 6 empty tables inside and 4 others outside.  We asked if the hostess was serious and she let us know she was.  Obviously there was a staffing issue, but perhaps if the hostess had explain the situation instead of making us feel guilty when we ask why the wait with so many open tables it would have helped the situation.  Let's put it this way..didn't wait for the 50 minutes..walked down about a 1/2 block and wonderful lunch and cold beer at the Bulldog.  Guess I will go give them 5 starts.  Gott's while it was on my radar as a must visit..has moved to a cold day in New Orleans when I will try again.The best breakfast, if not the best meal, I had in New Orleans!
Bloody Marys were top notch. Spicy with all the fixings on a skewer
Shrimp & Grits - AMAZING. Buttery, cheesy, rich. They don't skimp on the shrimp or sausage either
Ham & Brie Benedict - this is now my favorite eggs benedict of all time. The Dr. Pepper ham is sweet/salty, tons of brie, and the roasted tomatoes are a nice touch
St. Patty's Breakfast - the chorizo and jalapenos are a nice touch on a traditional corned beef hash. 
Just order anything/everything on the menu. Service is excellent and food is even better.This place is amazing the food is outstanding. The staff is awesome as well. One of my favorite places in all of NOLAI wish this restaurant was in the French Quarter (where I was staying) because I would have gone every day. The salads are amazing and the jumbo shrimp that you can add to the top of salads is delicious. I had the grilled vegetable salad and the vegetables had so much flavor that I didn't even need to put the dressing on. My mom had the caesar salad with shrimp on top (I stole one) and loved it.
The service was good and the atmosphere is perfect for a lunch spot. They also have daily specials, which all sounded very good. Definitely try this place out!Great food! Excellent waitress but the red headed host had a stick up her ass. I accidentally ordered a non vegetarian dish and asked her if it said meat in the description-- she was so rude and snappy! Mimosas were pretty nasty too, but I can't complain too much because they just overpoured the champagne.Cold "grilled" cheese sandwich, salad made of 90% greens and not many redeeming qualities. Lots of other great places to eat in the area!The chicago dogs, and shrimp wraps are tasty!  I am very particular, especailly about shrimp being deveined--they are!!!  Staff is friendly.  It is a go to for lunch when I am uptown.Pretty damn good.  
The lunch special today was thai mussels and I was ready to lick the bowl the sauce was so good.  It was served with some lightly seasoned toast that went perfect with the dish.
Others in my party had a sauteed chick filet panini that was big and tasty looking.  
Their menu seems to be all over the place but the combinations of sauces they're putting on their specialties is very appetizing. 
I thought prices were very reasonable and the food came to the table in a timely fashion.  The outdoors tables looked inviting but they were full.  
I'm going backOkay, this place continues to get better every time I show up and the specials are definitely one of the things that make it so yummy. Went for breakfast with my sweet lady and we had the pulled pork Benedict and the fried oyster Benedict, both specials. The pulled pork was served on a homemade biscuit, buttery goodness down to the green onion hollandaise sauce. The fried oyster was absolutely delicious, the perfect amount of crispness on the oyster, the english muffin just the right temperature and toast(ness?), and I had a dream about it the next day.... yes, it was that good. I'm uploading a pic to get your mouths watering. All in all I have always had great food here, and the staff are pretty much a homerun too.The dish I ordered (a special for the LA/SPCA fundraiser) seemed a little ambitious for such a low key restaurant but it won the WWL taste contest that morning so why not? And it was delicious...my only criticism would have been that the pieces of ginger were a bit large for me.  The scallops were well cooked and the risotto was tasty.
Definitely an ambitious local joint.Staff was very nice and welcoming. Had the broken egg sandwich and it awesome, those tots are addicting too.Always a pleasure eating here. Hate to see it not nearly as busy as it ought to be, as the quality of its food & service render the place deserving of much larger crowds than I've seen here before. From speaking with friends who feel the same way I think the name "Dine O Rama" kind of turns people away-- they're not really sure what a "Dine o Rama" is. I get it, I understand the concept, but for someone who's just walking down Magazine looking for a place to eat, it could come across as a little confusing and different than a conventional dining experience. Regardless, make no mistake-- this place is well worth visiting. The Mac and Cheese is one of the best of its kind that I've tried in the city, and you can add bacon which is awesome. The cocktails are unique and the food is surprisingly innovative. The staff is always super welcoming.I went here on Saturday for lunch. We got there around 1:00 p.m. and it was so packed. We had to wait 20 minutes for a table. We finally got a table and our waitress was very short with us.... I would be in the middle of telling her something and it's like she was already walking away....that happened 3 times when we were there. The food was good, but with all the great stuff I have heard about this place, i expected the food to be great. The St. Patty's Day Massacre (their spin on the classic Rueben) was overwhelmed with horseradish.  The bbq pulled pork wrap was ok. The meat itself was phenomenal, but they don't put that much meat on it and it seemed like they only put meat in the middle of the wrap because both ends were full of only cole slaw.  They also do not put any bbq sauce on this wrap, which I was a bit disappointed about. The service would probably be my biggest complaint. When I wait for a table, no matter where it is, I don't want to be rushed when I finally do sit down.... that doesn't make us eat faster, that makes us tip less! Overall, I would give it a 2.5 - 3 out of 5. I probably will not go back.Order the Cochon de Lait Cuban Panini....that's all I have to sayStarted off good enough and ended very poorly. Just left after having brunch/lunch. They were busy and we have them that, being more than patient but the honest truth is the food was ok at best, everyone's food came out cold, most everything was over priced & the waitress had all kinds of excuses. Multiple times we waited and waited, asking other servers to let our server know that we needed something, after she took her smoke break, she was sitting in the back with other staff just hanging out, our table still waiting. In the end, after waiting and waiting, she added gratuity to the bill for a table of 5 and did not tell the table. After each of us added a tip, someone realized she already added gratuity...just NOT happy all the way around and it takes a lot to upset this group at a dinner table!Went for Sunday breakfast and everything was top notch.  The Gouda-Grits are truly outstanding, some of the best savory grits I've ever had.  The cheesy hashbrowns are good and their biscuits have a nice, browned, slightly salty crispy surface yet moist and tender in the center.  The real star of the show, however, was their eggs Benedict.  This is one of my favorite dishes and it's surprisingly difficult to find restaurants who can do them just right - especially the poached eggs.  But these were just about perfectly prepared, and the soft Southern Ham beneath was a perfect complement.  Absolutely worth a special trip.Stopped in on Saturday afternoon with a friend. Great atmosphere, feels like your in the middle of downtown NYC which is home to me.  So right there they had me! I ordered the fried chicken club one of the best pieces of fried chicken I have had in the city, I recommend it. The other half of the part ordered the St. Pattys massacre "it was heavenly". We recommend both dishes, pop in on a Saturday afternoon and you won't regret your decision!!Thank God This Place Is Closed!! :)
I honestly always wanted to try this place out, but I was extremely disappointed. The menu is very small, maybe like 9 items total.However even with the small menu the waitress could not tell me anything she had tried before. That was the first warning sign that the food was going to be very nasty. 
The Food:
 I tried the fried chicken sandwich & it did not taste like anything & actually the bread had more flavor then the actual chicken. 
 The gumbo had potato salad in it &  it has no flavor either. I have live & been to New Orleans many times & have never seen potato salad inside of gumbo. When I asked the waitress she stated this is how gumbo is done in New Orleans!!.......Girl goodbye with the lies. 
The Service:
   Waitress was rude. I asked to speak to a manager she must have been very busy with the 2 other people sitting in the almost empty restaurant because she never arrived to speak to us. 
Never again ! Do Not Eat Here!Hands down, theeeee best modern take on the traditional Nola food. The atmosphere was very homey. The staff were excellent and very friendly! Cute little diner with affordable prices, large portions enough to share. I went with some college students I met on Bourbon street the night before. They ordered the gumbo, peanut butter wings, Ruben sandwhich, shrimp and grits and I ordered the fried mozzerella and prosciutto balls. Everything was perfectly seasoned, the dishes were presented beautifully. Everything about this diner was perfect! Definitely a must try when you're in town!This place has become a go-to for me when I have out of towners visiting. The food is consistently great! I mostly go for breakfast, but I've been for lunch & it was super tasty. Love GG'sWe went to Gott Gourmet on Easter Sunday.  It was very busy and we did not have a reservation.  We only waited 20 minutes and got a nice table outside.  I ordered the shrimp and grits and an order of biscuits&sausage. The portions were huge!  The grits were a perfect consistency and the shrimp were large.  It had great flavor and the sauce was wonderful!  The gravy for the biscuits was not a traditional sausage but an amazing mushroom sausage gravy!  YUUUUUM!!!!  Very rich dish so if you want something on the lighter side I would either share or not get this dish.  My man had an egg white Chaurice sausage omlette.  He loved it. The sausage had nice spices but was not too spicy.  We also got the Blueberry Mimosas that were refreshing!  This place has a great menu with all you could possibly want.  It is rather small in size but the tables move quickly.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and helped us with our choices.  HIGHLY RECCOMMEND!!  ENJOY!Decided to go here after raving a salad and looking for something a little lighter.  Perusing yelp, I came across reviews for this place and the pictures of the Gott Salad looked delectable.
After parking and perusing some of the local shops on Magazine street, I finally got to Gott Gourmet and ordered their salad.  It was just what I needed - nice and light with good crunch from the pecans and sweetness from the berries.  The panko fried brie cheese is definitely what makes this salad!"The other one" and I were both craving a burger, and with the quarter being "tit-to-ass" due to the BCS championship game, we figured we needed to head uptown.  Elizabeth's and Sugar Park are great, but we go there all the time and we had the urge to get out of the neighborhood. I busted out the Yelp app and realized I had this placed marked to try.
We both ordered burgers, and of course, I had to order the gargantuan one with bacon and bleu cheese.  Service was friendly, but slightly slow.  Atmosphere is casual and not very loud, which is what I needed after work last night.  Our burgers were very good- not the best I've had, but a solid, juicy burger with good flavor.  I could only eat half of it.  The fries were good as well.  We both decided we would be back and put it on the "good burger" list.By the time I sat down and eventually ordered my food, I was already so annoyed with the service that I was hoping I'd hate the food and be able to really rip this place apart on yelp. 
This place gets 2 stars only because the food was good. Otherwise if you plan on coming here on the weekend for brunch, enjoy being ignored and waiting forever while the hostess forgets that they're open tables, then once your sat, ignored again then don't come here. The food was the only thing slightly redeeming. I got a build your own omelette that was fine (which you'd have to be an idiot anyways to fuck that up) and my partner got the corned beef hash which was a delicious surprise.Fried Chicken Club was exceptional, as well as their Mac 'n cheese. Love the open kitchen and our server, Zoe, was a true gem! Great place to stop in for a refreshment but even better when you sit back and enjoy everything this place has to offer!I used to always recommend GG's when it was called Gott Gourmet, but I have to admit I'm disappointed with my last visit. The prices have increased and and portion size has gotten significantly smaller. I could perhaps overlook this change, but the service has also declined. We had to track down the server for a refill in coffee and then again to get and pick up the check. This used to be one of my favorite spots, hopefully things change.Went here for brunch with a big group (as part of a BP weekend) and the food was superb!  Ordered tots for the table (oh so yummy), the St. Patty's Day breakfast for myself (may have been the best corned beef hash I've ever had) and others ordered the pork and gouda grits special (my friend raved), multiple breakfast burritos (received solid thumbs up from my picky Texas buddies), and some other items I don't recall (but that were all delicious).  There was an issue with the ticketing system, so we ended up waiting quite a bit for our food, but the staff was MORE than gracious and easily made up for it with their service.  Will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.I was very happy with this location - Food was great.  Service was nice.  Ambiance was enjoyable.  I am looking forward to returning.Great brunch, we had the shrimp and grits, and a French toast special with pumpkin marscapone (?) spread. Both were the best we ever had of shrimp and grits and French toast. Friendly service, nice atmosphere made you feel at home.The food was GREAT!! We had a group of 11 & they were able to accommodate us which was great. They have different flavored mimosas & the bloody Mary's were good! My only complaint is that they aren't able to separate checks which was annoying but we lived! Great spot on Magazine St.The two of us split the shrimp and grits a little after 10am. Yum! Totally hit the spot! I highly recommend them if you are down on Magazine Street.Went for Sunday Brunch and just barely made it there before 12:00 which is when Gott switches to the lunch menu.  As we sipped our strawberry mimosas we sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful January weather.  I just had to sample the shrimp and grits which were ordered by my boyfriend and I am so glad I did.  The grits were made with Gouda and homemade Andouille  sausage in addition to the garlic, peppers and onions.  I ordered the Broken Yolk Sandwich which also was a yummy selection.  It would definitely be a toss up for which I would order when I return.I understand some of the negative reviews of Gott Gourmet, because I don't like that the wraps can become soggy quickly (although the Shrimp BLT wrap is really yummy) and the mimosas are super over priced and they stop serving breakfast a little too early on weekends.
However, there are few places I would rather go for a really good salad.  The Gott Salad had fried brie cheese and candied pecans, with tons of greens to balance it out.  The Blue Oyster Spinach Salad is my favorite, and you get a good helping of oysters, apples pieces, and cashews.  
The hot coffee is also very good.  
ps- I have never had a quick meal here, so don't go if you are in a rush.  I have seen one waiter covering 8 tables...Food was delicious! Disappointing that they no longer can serve alcohol but byob was ok. We stopped in this place about a year ago but had already eaten so we made a point to come back hungry!  The jumbo burritos were fantastic.Got a breakfast burrito that size of a Chipotle burrito, filled with vegetables, meat and egg, perfectly balanced.. and was about $9.. Was enough for 2 meals, outstanding.Terrific salads and mixed drinks. It's a good, lighter, alternative to many nearby restaurants that offer food which is very rich and heavy.Eating vegetarian can be tricky in New Orleans, especially if you're not eating in one of the many 3 and 4 star restaurants the city has to offer. Personally, I like things a bit more laid back. Gott Gourmet is pretty close to perfect for me. Of course, I'm biased towards anywhere I can walk to when on holiday.
I was pretty bummed to find they don't really have a brunch. There's breakfast, but who is NOLA is getting up for pancakes before noon? Oh well... The choices for vegetarians are pretty standard for a bistro- salads (often modified without meat), a veggie wrap stuffed with anything you can think of, and a tomato mozzarella panini that I had. The bread was crisp and not soggy considering there was quite a bit of balsamic dressing on it. I sure do love condiments! The tomatoes were roasted as well, giving this sandwich a bit of an edge. 
Don't forget to add a side! The ancho-honey slaw sounded a bit odd, but has got to be one of the top 5 coleslaw's I've ever had. Just pile it on your sandwich. The mac and cheese is also pretty good, leaning more towards nostalgic comfort than anything new or different. The cucumber jicama salad seemed to forget it contained jicama at all and was very tart from the white wine vinegar. Maybe best to forget that one.
The mimosas are very good. There was a mojito special (they added basil??) when I was there that was really nice. Including the copious drinks we consumed, the bill ran around $20-25 a person. Not really cheap, but then reasonable considering how many drinks we had. All around, a great place to stop in and nosh while on Magazine.Great spot for brunch on Magazine Street. I had the Crab Cakes Benedict as their special and it was excellent.We dropped in here on a hot, humid day after a walk around the Garden District.  Definitely worth checking out!  The service was super and swift, even after multiple lemonade refills.  We split a Caesar Salad and Shrimp Wrap, both were great.  Blondie decided we should go with the Jalapeno tortilla with our shrimp wrap; which turned out to be an excellent choice with a subtle kick.Took my family there for brunch. Ordered eggs over easy  - got rock hard eggs, which server assured me were over easy. No - that's over *hard*. If you serve eggs, you really need to know the difference. Asked for warm milk with my coffee - which every other breakfast place in town can do with no trouble. Apparently, there's no microwave or any other way to heat milk at Gott Gourmet. Their service was so dreadful that I would never go back.Only had cocktails, no food, while shopping in the neighborhood, but very prompt professional service and extremely tasty libations. Clean environment and great location.I went for Sunday brunch and was quoted a 30 min wait for 2 people. We decided to grab a drink at the bar. They had one bartender on (waaaay under staffed for how busy they were). I ordered a Bloody Mary, which completely fit the name on the menu "thick and spicy" it was definitely spicy. We ended up waiting AN HOUR! Once we were seated the dining process flew by. The berry pancakes were DELISH! I would definitely go back for them. The bacon was cooked perfectly and the service was great. I would recommend this place if you are not under any time constraints. They accommodate large parties, delivery great service, great food, and awesome drinks.Ok, where do I start? Well, we stopped in for a late brunch and we were told there would be a bit of a wait. The person seating us suggested that we eat at the counter, because it's faster. I'm not usually a fan of counter eating, but considering that I was STARVING, I figured that I would suck it up in the name of fast service.
Well, we got our drinks quickly, ordered our food and waited. And waited and waited and waited. Finally, nearly an hour since we had first set foot inside the door, our food comes out. I ordered the broken yolk sandwich which is a fried egg, tomatoes, bacon and cheese on French-like bread. I also got a side order of grits. The sandwich was...okay. Nothing really special and it was pretty much something I could have made at home. The grits weren't bad, but were somewhat bland.
Let me point out that the staff was extremely apologetic about the wait. This brings me to another point: there was a couple sitting at a table that were clearly finished eating. They had paid and they had "go" boxes in front of them, yet they continued to chat and sip on their coffee as people waited. Now, I'm not usually one to tell people to hustle as soon as the check comes, but when you see people waiting- chug that brew and step. It's just common courtesy.
I would go back, but not for brunch.This place has some pretty decent sandwiches and burgers.  They also have authentic Chicago style hot dogs.  They usually have some different daily specials and desserts that are pretty good.  I eat here a few times a year but not really on a regular basis.  I've also heard some good things about their breakfast and brunch food but I'm not really a breakfast person.  The service has usually been a bit on the slow side and the food seems to take awhile to come out especially if just sandwiches.  Not the cheapest or the most expensive place and about midway on my scale of places to eat.After having a horrible eating experience in the French Quarter, we took the bus down Magazine Street.  Gott has outdoor seating, so we picked a nice table outside on a sunny day.  Sandwiches were good, i got the cuban panini and my friend ordered the curry chicken salad.  It's pricey and u get just a sandwich (no sides), we asked for some chips.  We got a tiny plate w a small amount of chips and they charged us $1.25.  Food is good but the price and the chips r giving this review only 3 stars.Crowded.  Smells strange.  The corned beef sandwich had WAY too much creole mustard (that stuff is strong!) and the beef tasted slightly sweet and cinnamony, just the thought of which makes me feel queasy.  Very small for $11.  My friend got mozzarella sliders which were made using crappy rolls, plus they were burnt.  Underwhelming.I had high hopes for this place: so many friends and acquaintances loved eating here. I think what boils down for me is attention to detail. 
I ordered the St. Patty's Day Breakfast. The singular joy for me when I order hash are the over easy eggs. Those golden yolks running into the hash. A breakfast joy. My desire turned into heartbreak when these two fried eggs showed up with yolks so hard they looked boiled. I guess because the hash was smothered with the unadvertised bisque sauce, the eggs were an afterthought. On top on that, toasted French bread was substituted for the rye bread. When I saw some delivered to another table, well it just pissed me off.
Those looking for a cheap bite should look elsewhere; it's almost impossible to have breakfast under $10.00 per person. 
My server was fine; I'm sure he would have rather been elsewhere. It happens.Stopped here for brunch while Pre-Mardi Gras costume shopping. There were way too many things I wanted to try, but the thing that sticks out most in my memory since this was several weeks ago now, was the cocktail I ordered. The Pink Lady was delicious and way too easy to drink! How is there two types of booze in there but it just tastes like Shirley Temple juice!!?!? Dangerously delicious. I'd go back to try their Mac and Cheese as that looked amazing. Fun little spot.Outstanding! I hear they have a great brunch but i've never had it.  I tried the curry chicken salad sandwich which comes on a croissant.  Ok, i like every one of those things in that last sentence all by itself.  I've never had them together and these guys certainly pull it off.  everything i ate could stand on it's own.  The menu is clever without scaring off the 'fraidy cats.  certainly worth a try.  dunno what the heck that "Jason A" guy's experience was all about in the 2 star review here.  seems WAY off from my experience.  
Tasty!Went here for lunch with vendors.  Started with fried artichoke hearts.  It came with a remoulade tasting sauce.  Both were good.  I had the shrimp po boy.  The shrimp were a nice size and the fries were good, but had to much of that seasoning salt on it.  The guy had fried chicken with bacon, avocado, spinach, and pickles.  It was supposed to come on white bread, but he wanted rye.  The waiter looked at him like why.  So, he asked the waiter why he made that face.  The waiter said because the chicken is so big and thick rye won't hold it together.  He didn't mind so he got the rye anyway.  He loved it!  The girl got turkey sandwich and she liked it, too.If you are in New Orleans you MUST try this restaurant!! It is amazing. The food was absolutely delicious and the service was fantastic. I came here with my parents for brunch and we were seated immediately. We ordered the Shrimp and Grits, which was so good, but the Buffalo BBQ Fried Oyster Eggs Benedict stole the show. The eggs were poached to perfection, the fried oysters were crispy and light, and the sauce was very flavorful. I have eaten at many brunch spots, but GG's was by far one of my favorite meals.Fabulous breakfast and lunch place with a laid back feel. The food is great and fresh  and the menu offers a lot to choose from. The mimosas were great!  It is nestled in a busy part of Magazine so grab a bite, get a drink to go and take a stroll down Magazine for a perfect Saturday morning.I must admit, I had a late night before venturing in for Sunday brunch. The line was fairly long but I don't think I waited about the normal amount of time. I had the fried oyster Benedict with crystals hot sauce (of course) and it was really good. I will warn you, the drinks are strong. ..I possibly had the strongest Irish coffee of my life, not a bad thing but just be prepared.Out of all the restaurants we tried in New Orleans, Gott Gourmet was truly the shining star. For a city known for their cuisine, we were surprised that the cheapest, most casual place we tried turned out to be the highlight of the trip. We ate at many of the well-known, fancier spots like GW Fins, Emeril's and Mr. B's, but nowhere hit the spot like this hidden gem. 
We stumbled upon it while walking in the Garden District, sat outside even though it was raining, enjoyed great service and a piece of heaven, the shrimp BLT wrap. They perfectly combined jumbo shrimp, mozzarella, apple smoked bacon, roasted tomatoes and peppers, avocado, chili aioli and chipotle cream cheese. This was seriously like a party in my mouth. The bf loved his curry chicken salad croissant sandwich. We were tempted to order seconds but refrained at the last minute.
We even saw our waiter from Emeril's eating there and you know he probably has a fairly good idea of what's good around town. I can't emphasize enough how fabulous this place is and if I lived closer, I would definitely be a regular.So apparently the chef/owner of this place has a surname starting with Gott--.  The name of this place was really bugging me, so some Google was in order.
I am happy to report that this unappetizing non-pun is the most offensive thing about Gott Gourmet.  Their brunch burrito/wrap things are very delicious, and the Chicago hot dogs are beautifully done.  Maybe "beautiful" is going a bit far for a hot dog, but they're certainly tasty and under five dollars.
The sandwiches are all to be reckoned with.  Especially the Reuben.  Somehow, despite my small frame and lack of sustained interest in meat, I have a thing for Reuben sandwiches.  Their version is downright Wagnerian.I love eating at Gott. The food is always decent and the service is typically pretty good. The brunch is awesome but a little over priced. I suggest the ham and Brie eggs Benedict. It's heaven. 
Before Christmas, our whole family all came to NOLA to visit this weekend since we are going to be apart for the holidays. We actually had lunch at Gott on Saturday and went back for brunch on Sunday. We had a group of 8 and wanted to all sit together since we are a family and this is a restaurant. Apparently there is a new policy and they can't seat more than 6 together because it will back the kitchen up and you can't get your food out together. Even though there were several two top tables open and one right next to a four top. When we asked if we could just sit near each other, the host informed us that they couldn't do that either because they would double seat the servers and tie them up too much with one table. I've never heard such excuses before when seating patrons. We should have left and gone to Atchafalaya but no one wanted to wait there either.Mediocre especially for New Orleans. Breakfast was as plain as can be, no real flavor. Omelette was nothing exciting and very plain, for $8 and didn't even come w grits. And the pancakes 'with berries and candied pecans' had exactly 8 blueberries on top, one strawberry cut up into several pieces and spread out, and half a teaspoon of tiny pieces of candied pecans. And oh, did I mention unit-packaged high fructose corn syrup pancake syrup and jelly straight from Sysco or someone like that. They weren't really busy, but nonetheless, we had to go inside to get more coffee since the waitress didn't show up after delivery of food.
You can do much better than here.My fiancé and I came here on Sunday at around noon. We were seated immediately and our server was friendly and attentive. The food was pretty good. I got the chicken and biscuits and my fiancé got the pancakes with a side of French fries. The portions of our meals were pretty big, but the fries were soggy and over cooked. Overall not a bad experience. We'd go back.They had a very nice brunch menu which made us stopped. It was filled with locals too, which is always a good sign. I ended up getting the broken yolk sammie and a side of grits. It was a pefect way to start my morning. The daily specials sounded fun, duck confit benedict and softshell crab and eggs over chorizo fried rice.Stopped by on a Sunday for some brunch, ate outside as we brought the dog. Wife got shrimp and grits, very creamy and good. I got st patty's breakfast, which was more similar to chip beef than corn beef hash it stated it was, had onions and jalepenos added and was creamy and good. The highlight was the bloody Marys, not to thick good amount of spice.My first trip to NOLA, and I ended up eating here TWICE.
First time for dinner we ate outside, and were promptly greeted by the server.  We told her we were on a tight timeline, and she made sure that we got our food quickly.  We had the fried catfish sandwich special - OMG!  Fresh, fabulous - and although initially I was disappointed it didn't come with anything else, I was only able to eat HALF the dang thing.  Seriously good.
Came back 3 days later for breakfast on a recommendation - I had no idea they did breakfast, and MAN was I happy!  Lots of vegetarian options, food portions were huge, fresh and I loved everything.  My only reason for not going for 5 stars is the strawberry mimosa which I started with, the sparkling wine was flat.  Sad, but the food more than made up for it.
I WILL return to this place next time I'm in NOLA!Had my first dining experience here for breakfast on a rainy Saturday.
Nice looking breakfast place on Magazine across from The Orphanage on Magazine.
I got the Special Omelet which was "The Italian" filled with pepperoni, hams, swiss cheese, black olives, onions, etc.  It was kind of like a muffaletta in an omelet.  It was pretty good although pretty salty because of the salty meats.
She got the veggie burrito and iced coffee.  The burrito was so large that we took half of it home to eat later untouched.
It is a nicer experience and better food than Slim Goodies although I have never been to one of the Broken Eggs.
Not a bad spot for breakfast.  I don't think I would choose this place for a meal other than breakfast though.I have been to Gott Gourmet for both breakfast and lunch and they are both delicious.  The breakfast was absolutely incredible, I had the egg's Benedict with grits and my friend had the broken yolk sandwich, also very very good.  The cheesy hash browns were unreal.  
For lunch the mac and cheese with jalapenos is to die for, and I love the turkey club and curry chicken salad.Came here for brunch two weeks ago and one of us ordered a grilled cheese. This is been accommodated in the past since they have bread and they have cheese but instead The MOD insisted we order from the menu, which turned out to be a a kind of grilled cheese, but with egg. Secondly, my order of over easy eggs came under cooked, runny and barely edible (and the bacon was bland). To top it off I had to ask twice for lemon for my water. The MOD (a tall guy) man was obviously stressed as he made us feel like being there was a nuisance. Apparently southern hospitality (non-negotiable) wasn't on the menu this weekend.Okay, I love GG's. I especially love it on a nice day, sitting outside because I can bring the dogs! A great spot for brunch, the wait is generally nonexistent, but has never been more than 20 minutes long for me (and that's usually because it is raining). I usually order the same thing every time, Ham and Brie Eggs Benedict, and my ultimate favorite drink in all of New Orleans, their strawberry mimosa. I also enjoy the Mac'N Magazine, their mac'n'cheese that's creamy and simple. My only qualm with GG's is that the waitresses seem to forget about you sometimes. There have a been a few times when we were finished eating for about 20 minutes before we even saw our waitress again, and then it took another 15 minutes to pay our bills. Still, this doesn't happen often enough to deter me. That strawberry mimosa calls for me, and I have to listen.WOW! This place was such a great surprise.  While walking around Magazine Street to kill time my husband and I decided to stop in. At first we had planned to just order coffee but once we got in saw the menu and smelled the delicious food our plans immediately changed. The problem was we had lunch plans already so we couldnt get all the items we wanted. We ordered the tots and they were absolutely perfection.  The tots were loaded but awesome toppings but still remained crispy. I was skeptical about the frozen coffee, but I was talked in to trying it since it was so darn hot and humid. My skepticism was erased with the very first sip! I got a plain old frozen coffee, no flavor, no extra frills and it was awesome. While we were hanging out one of the cooks asked if I wanted to try a carrot bundt cake they were testing out. Obviously my answer was yes! I am so happy I said yes! I am not a fan of carrot cake usually, but man I would have eaten the entire cake if he had let me. 
I would definitely go back here if ever back in the area.I've only had brunch here, and it was amazing.  Try the vegetarian breakfast wrap, waffle, and grits.  Awesome.I've had mixed experiences thus far, never anything worse than okay and being that it's i one of my favorite neighborhoods, I'll certainly keep coming back.
We'll start with lunch.  In my opinion, the Blue Corn Fried Oyster Baby Spinach Salad is one of the best salads in the city.  It's such a great blend of flavors and somehow, the fried oysters don't make it a heavy salad to digest.  It's filling, but won't send you headlong into a food coma.  The Cuban sandwich is a good bet too, but I'd shy away from the hotdog.  It may be hyped by the posters on the walls, but my boyfriend and I have been thus far unimpressed.  
On to breakfast (or brunch...depending what time you roll out of bed).  Bottom line?  I was underwhelmed.  Nothing on the menu jumped out at me, so I stuck with the basics:  eggs, bacon, grits, and a biscuit.  It was perfectly fine, but nothing I couldn't get elsewhere for less.  The Boyfriend went with the biscuits and gravy.  Again, perfectly good, but nothing particularly mind-boggling.  If you get there early enough that there's no wait, go ahead and have breakfast, but it's not necessarily worth the 30-40 minute wait you have to look forward to if you get there after 10 (unless you're in the mood for lunch...then stick around!)New Orleans is fortunate that Chicago native Chef David Gotter took a trip here one year during his semester break at the University of Illinois.  He became instantly enthralled with our city and eventually landed a job at the Marriott on Canal Street.  After hurricane Katrina, he returned to our city and opened a gourmet catering shop (Gott Gourmet Catering) on Magazine St. and in 2008 opened Gott Gourmet restaurant.  
His menu is self described as "casual gourmet" and his "food philosophy" is all about homemade, fresh and unique. (That's a quote from his bio)  This restaurant is known for their salads, sandwiches, soups, burgers and their highly recommended "Original Chicago Style Hot Dog".  They also offer a Saturday breakfast menu and Sunday brunch menu.
Gott Gourmet is a welcome sight for me, as they offer us some truly light fare in their offerings of salads and wraps.  With an overabundance of New Orleans style restaurants, Gott Gourmet has a good niche market.
We showed up around 7:00 PM and only 1 table was occupied; which is a good thing when you are in the company of an 17 month old who can raise a ruckus before you can say WTH. 
Our food choices included:
1.  Prosciutto & Asparagus salad:  This is a perfect summer salad as it is light and refreshing, but the prosciutto component leaves you totally satisfied for those of you who need a little protein in your diet.  The asparagus were also gilled to perfection.
2.  Cochon de lait Cuban:  This sandwich was a beast, and I mean that in the best way possible.  The bread was tasted (pressed) to perfection and the pork was melt in your mouth tender.  Bring your appetite for this one as it is rich and filling.
3.  Original Chicago Style Hot Dog:  Not knowing when we'd get to return, we went a little over the top and ordered this dog as it seems to be a specialty of theirs.  The all beef "Vienna" dog was flavorful and had a good "snap" when you bit into it.  The house cut French fries were a deep golden brown and delicious as well.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for something a little non-traditional.  I will definitely be back as there are several items on the menu I still want to try.
Kudos to our waitress (can't recall her name) for being so friendly.I love the Gouda grits here. Do not order your meal without a side. They're very unique and totally tasty. 
I really like the breakfast sandwich. The eggs are always perfectly runny. If you're a vegetarian, they let you switch the meat for avocado. 
The drinks are not the best. I felt like my cocktail was mostly ice, though it was delicious. Probably not worth the money though considering there are so many bars in the area. 
The servers are really nice but if it is crowded, they are always understaffed.