I had miso soup, seaweed salad, and a spicy tuna hand roll...everything was very good.  Tuna had great kick and there was a generous amount in my hand roll.  Everyone else seem to enjoy their sushi as well and the prices were great.  Waitress was nice and separated all our tabs (rare in NOLA) and did her best to serve the entire restaurant in a timely manner.Nachos were ridiculously priced as a starter, but wow tasty and creative. Sushi chef- great job and couldn't wait to tip to show our appreciation. Rolls- just as creative but in a pinch... Decent sushi on vacation.Good option in the French Quarter for sushi. Cute atmosphere and vibe, however we got the feeling that they are still working out the kinks a bit.  Our waiter did not seem familiar with the menu and kept having to ask this sushi chef. 
Food was good. Lots of fried. Wish there were more veggie options, maybe a non fried tofu?
The rolls we did have were great and well crafted.  Once they find their groove and get into a routine it will probably get much smoother, service and knowledge wise.Pleasant atmosphere and clean.  Went during an odd time of the day (btw lunch and dinner) so it wasn't very busy, but this was a great escape from the sports bars and junky souvenir shops.  I like my sushi made with rice paper instead of nori and they were very accommodating.  We've been to sushi places up and down the east coast and this little japanese haven in NOLA held its own.  Sashimi portions were generous and my husband enjoyed the salmon and tuna.Great sushi and drinks! The nachos are a must try. I ordered the Spring Roll, while my friend ordered the Cowboy. Both were phenomenal. She liked her so much she ordered a second. Lychee martini is also very good. The servers/bartender/owner were all very attentive and helpful with our requests and questions. I would venture from the suburbs in for this sushi joint!I've actually been to this quaint little place about seven times, so I thought it was about time to post a review.
 When dining at sushi restaurants, I rarely order off the menu- I like to sample the sushi chef's creations and look for the unusual rather than who has the best Rainbow Roll or Tuna Box. 
This place seems to fit the bill. Sushi chef inspired "nochos" are a MUST order and 
I have found this place always has the best escolar in 
town. Assorted sashimi served in a LARGE martini glass is not only beautiful, but delicious. 
Flavored saki as well as a skilled bartender made this a fun stop for football games as well. I would have to say, most important to me is the restaurant owner's true concern for their patron's experience. 
On my first visit in December, they did not have their liquor licence yet, the restaurant manager promptly let me know and even went to the liquor store for my friends and I so we wouldn't have to. 
I've been with friends as well as with my children and find the staff eagerly ready to please. It's not often you find a sushi restaurant with so many "kid choices."
 I also like the location- a bit on the outskirts of the quarter, so easy to get to.The beef and chicken pho was awesome!! Friendly wait staff and understanding of my gluten intolerance.  Great spot where you don't have to feel like a tourist!If you're in the FQ and craving some affordable sushi this place can do the trick! Best sushi I've ever had? No, but it is tasty, quick and affordable. I have been here twice and loved being able to sit @ the bar and get great, personal service. I really, really enjoy their miso soup. I haven't tried any of their more fancy rolls, but plan to on my next stop in.We went here for my spouse's birthday dinner, based on reviews and the fact that they were on the list for our restaurant.com voucher.  It's a pretty little place; nicely lighted with pleasing Zen decor, although the small area near the entrance with a large window onto the street being used for bicycle parking rather than choice tables seems odd.  Our hostess/server was absolutely lovely, gracious, and very well informed.  The restaurant was strangely vacant, save one other table of four and then two or three single diners; I wrote that off as it being Labor Day evening, when most holiday vacationers had gone home.  The miso soup was some of the best I have ever had anywhere.  The tempura appetizer was also delicious; very light, allowing the main ingredient, rather than the batter, to star.  My spouse's Korean barbecued ribs were also some of the best ever--enough to share with me.  My sushi roll was another matter.  It was the Hurricane roll, topped with albacore and centered with ahi tuna and fresh jalapeno, artistically garnished with Louisiana hot sauce and wasabi.  It sounded and looked delectable, and the first bite tasted that way; however, I noted that it was not quite cold enough to suit me and then I looked carefully at the ahi tuna in the center.  It was not the bright, rich dark red I wanted to see.  The color was a little faded.  I should have sent it back at that point, but no; I didn't want to  taint the lovely experience of my spouse's birthday, so I pressed on, dousing each slice in copious amounts of my wasabi-soy dipping sauce and killing the sting with my wine.  I finished it pretty quickly and then helped him with those ribs, telling myself that they would counteract anything made awry in my system by the unfresh and warm raw tuna.  Fast forward a few hours:  I didn't have full-blown food poisoning (which I have had more times than I can count); however, I did experience enough gastric distress to warn myself yet again, and you, to insist upon the very freshest, coldest, brightest colored raw fish for your sushi or sashimi, and if anything looks, feels, or tastes the least bit off, cease, desist, and send it back.First off the reason that i gave this place a one is because i felt cheated after spending 80 bucks! this place on my sushi scale is below average with average to high prices, 
This place really had me fooled I came here on my birthday last night ..sushi and streets from bourbon!! Can't beat it...at least that's what I was thinking when I saw the great pictures that are posted on yelp.. They must have made specialty pictures to post online because the portion sizes and quality of the food  looks nothing like what is online. right we our $10 Baked Salmon appetizer came out i knew we were in for a not so average night. you would think paying that much for a salmon appetizer you would be getting a nice size portion but when it came out it was a thin outer ring of salmon (like pieces of sushi) and a heaping of imitation crab meat... hmm not what i was expecting at all for that price. sushi was BLA, if i was starving i would attempt to eat it... if  you are going down to the quarter you might have to have a little wait BUT rock n sushi is hands down best sushi spot down there, and one of the best sushi places in NOLA
 please dont waste your time or money on this place...if you dont want to go on the other side of CANAL st then just say screw it and go to MR. BeesThe best! Sushi is so fresh, everything is delish! Even have Pho, and Bahn Mi which is great as well. I have had it all! Quick delivery and friendly.  My favorite to order from !!We love this place! Gingerlime is super convenient for us since we work in the quarter. Delivery time usually takes 30 minutes or less. Tuna box is where it's at..Two thumbs up! xoxo, Salon DiversionsThe food was very good.  I particularly enjoyed the Dome Roll.  The service was very good.  The portions were normal for a sushi restaurant and the price was reasonable for being in the French Quarter.The portion sizes are small, about half of the normally priced sushi places. If you consider the inflated prices, this comes out to 4x the cost. I don't mind the portion sizes - if the food is special. It is not. The sushi and the rolls were below par. We ordered the rolls, the sushi, the stir fry noodles, and two other appetizers for 3 people. We were not full when we left with a $90 bill. Did I mention this includes an online coupon for $25? When we used the coupon, they added a $12 "service charge" and a $5 bar charge. I bought a $3 beer and got charged bar fee of $5. To sum it up, besides the rip off prices, the food is not good. Be advised.Well I don't know about the other reviews, but i actually ate there just recently and i can say I like it, it's pretty decent in my opinion. 
Very good atmosphere and a very good location. right next to the house of blues! the sushi i recommend is the sweet shrimp. Bon appetite! By the way, they deliver too!I recently ate at Ginger Lime during a visit to New Orleans. I was so relieved to find sushi in the Quarter. It was a great reprieve after reaching my fried food limit! 
For appetizer we had edamame, which was cooked perfectly. My favorite roll that I had was the Ginger Lime roll. I also had a really good rainbow roll. All of the sushi was fresh and delicious.
Our server was also really sweet. I hope to visit Ginger Lime the next time I am in New Orleans.Fresh sushi made to order, very affordable, good service. Went her on a whim with my gf before a concert at the HOB. We're both sushi lovers , and were pleasantly surprised. Def on my list when in need  a reliable spot in the Quarters....Here's where to satisfy a sushi craving in Nawlins. 
Had a party of five on a Saturday night and the place was almost empty. It was our last night in New Orleans, so we went all out. (You can eat for $20 or less person despite the $$$ rating this place has.) 
APPETIZERs: Edamame was good; a bit on the salty side. Salads were ok, not super impressive. 
ENTREES: Rolls were fresh and delicious. A group favorite was the Who Dat with spicy shrimp and salmon and I was able to get two vegetarian rolls: Avocado Roll and a Vegetable Roll. 
DRINKS: They really need a drink menu. The cold sake we selected was legit and unfiltered. 
DESSERT: The Creme Brûlée tasted ok but the temperature was off. The bottom tasted fresh out of the freezer while the top was warm and caramelized as usual. 
BOTTOM LINE: Good sushi and good service at a good price.This place is fantastic. Jay creates beautiful Sushi plates. Don't look anywhere else, this is the best in NOLA.I had hamachi kama, dragon roll, salmon nigiri, and a who dat roll. I liked the salmon nigiri, but hamachi kama, and who dat roll was not up to my standards. Dragon roll had was full of imitation crab meat that tasted oily.
Oh, and they have Ramune (+1)!!Do not order the chicken teriyaki. There wasn't any teriyaki sauce. The chicken wasn't seasoned, over cooked, and dry.
The miso soup was really good.
The customer service was great. The staff and management were apologetic that the chicken was bad and made amends.Wonderful sushi place if you are in the quarter! I had a wonderful dining experience. Friendly staff, fresh sushi, and their lunch specials are amazing!! Very affordable. I recommend their house ginger salad as well because their ginger dressing is perfection!I was wondering the streets of the French Quarter looking for a place to eat something somewhat healthy.  I had already been in NOLA for 5 days eating all the bad things that everyone recommended, it was time for something different.
SUSHI! Yes!
I walked into Ginger Lime and I was a bit concerned that I was the one and only patron in the restaurant, but I sat at the bar and figured I'd give it a try.
I was quickly greeted and given a menu and a glass of water. I ordered some hot tea and the Chirashi bowl.  The server came out with a lovely box of bagged teas for me to choose from and a glass of hot water. The sushi in my bowl was fresh, had a clean taste and a nice presentation.  My Chirashi came with miso soup and a salad. I wasn't a fan of the salad dressing but the soup was very tasty.  
The manager and owner both chatted with me and made me feel very welcomed in the restaurant. Although I only ordered a sushi bowl, they hooked me up with a bunch of samples! Awesome! I tried the 'nachos' which were cooked perfectly and had a great flavor. I also had a small seared fish with a light soy/teriyaki sauce, which had a slight kick to it. I don't think that was on the menu but it was good and hopefully they make an appetizer option for it.  The sushi chef made me this cute and tasty little sushi bite - I think it had cream cheese, salmon, cucumber and a little roe all delicately placed atop a tiny little square of toast. YUM! I could have eaten like 10 of those!
If you want to take a break from the creole/cajun, super fried, super fatty but delish food and go with something just as good and maybe a little better for you, check out Ginger Lime.  It's right across the street from the House of Blues. Good spot to start your night.This was a surprising find...excellent sushi near the French Quarter!  We went hear based on a friend's recommendation and I was so pleasantly surprised. 
The place was almost empty around 8pm on a Sunday night, but service was nice and the roll I ordered was wonderful.  I ordered the Burning Woman roll and a cucumber salad.  Everything was fresh and not overly sauced.  I may have to go back for another visit before I leave.Recently relocated and joined up with their sister restaurant, CreAsian @ 930 Canal Street.  By far the best sushi in the Quarter! They also deliver! Their delivery guys are great so treat them well.Nice little place for Japanese food.. Recommended by our hotel in the French Quarter.  Small place, fresh sushi and lots of great drinks.  Waitress was very helpful with selections.  There house specialty was sushi tacos appetizer.  I was curious so I ordered them.  Okay but not my favorite.  Lots of specialty rolls that were better.  Very affordable.  They make everything to order so food does take a little while to come to the table.Really good sushi for the price. Consistently good service. A nice quiet sushi place in the French Quarter.Great place, good fresh food, friendly staff, clean, good sushi selection, not noisy for a NO hot spot, would go again when back in town.yum...the waitress was really sweet and let us know what was and wasnt vegetarian friendly. they made the vegetable gyoza soup with miso broth just for us so it would be vegetarian...very tasty.I finally have decided to comment after too much ridiculousness from Ginger Lime over the last few months. I will start by saying when you can actually get their sushi, it is quite good. The time I ate in there it was dead empty, though there was a 20% off sign outside. That really didn't matter apparently because our waitress forgot to add the discount then huffed when we mentioned it as we got our bill. 
I was surprised at first that the place was empty with such a great deal going on, but then saw a waitress literally take a phone that was ringing and immediately hang it up. What a great foreshadowing to a couple of weeks later when I try to order in some take-out! Tried calling over and over for 45 minutes, and then again over an hour after that (for giggles, you know)--- only to be greeted by a busy tone... every time. I gave up and ordered Yuki just down the street. A few weeks later, I gave another shot at ordering food for delivery. Someone picked up and asked me to hold... Waited on the line for 15 minutes (put it on speaker and listened to it rustle around in someone's pocket apparently) before I heard some incoherent mumbling while I kept yelling HELLO HELLO. They hung up on me. I called immediately back, sat through many rings, before a woman answered finally and then, only then, did I find out that Ginger Lime has decided not to deliver outside of the "literal" French Quarter (I have had friends get delivery in the past to the Marigny). I was on Royal and Esplanade, "literally" I can see The "literal French Quarter" from my window. But she made up for it by calling me "sweetie" before hanging up. I might be hanging up on Ginger Lime at this rate. The food is relatively solid. But there are many similar, consistently good sushi restaurants for anyone to deal with this service. End rant.This is a secret I've been sitting on for a while now.  When I realized I hadn't posted a review yet, I realized I'd better spill the beans...
I like to meet friends here before a show at HOB.  There I said it.
It's the perfect spot to fill up on delicate, tasty morsel of Japanese yumminess and enjoy well-crafted cultural inspired cocktails before rocking out.   The sushi is fresh.  The wait staff is accommodating and friendly.   When you're done, stumble over to HOB to enjoy the show!During our visit to New Orleans, we enjoyed this great fine with friends.  We used our Groupon and it was worth every cent, plus more.  The Ginger Lime roll was their special "Dragon Roll" and it was DELICIOUS.  I also had the teriyaki chicken, it was tender, tasty and had plenty of sauce.  The miso soup great.  The calamari was large, plentiful and highly pleasing.  The hostess was friendly, the sushi maker was courteous, and the restaurant atmosphere was friendly and welcoming.  Highly recommend stopping in here.My bestie and I had an amazing time on bourbon street and was on the search for some Asian food to help kill the buzz.
We ran into Ginger Lime. From the outside it just seemed like another shop in New Orleans, once you walk in, the atmosphere really change. It is very well designed and decorated. It felt very airy and not congested. A beautiful escape from the tight crowd on the streets.
Once seated, the adorable waitstaff right away offered us drinks and is very sweet, I asked what she recommended and she states her favorite is the samurai. Funny because I thought of ordering the samurai before she had even mentioned it. 
It's a dish I always order in Rhode island from many sushi restaurants. Once the order came out I was a bit confused. It looked like some thing else, and was I glad. Once that first bite reached my taste buds, I was actually speechless. The girl who always has something to say about every dish became a mute because all I wanted to do was stuff my face. Amazing!
The owner came by to talk to us (Steve)  he suggested we try his new creation, one dish that does not even have a name yet. So he went into the kitchen like a mad scientist and came out with this dish- which the presentation alone I am wowed by, the first bite again mmmmm I was in the "shut up don't talk to me, just let me eat" mode. Then i had some soup and that too was full of flavor and normally I don't care for soup but I was taking it all in.
From atmosphere, service and FOOD, I have nothing bad to say. This place was only opened for a month so far but impresses me. 
At the end of the meal my friend told me to drink some water since I ate like a wild pig. Instead of drinking, I spilled it all over my shirt and pants. Omg it looked like I peed myself, since it was late I told my friend we should just call a cab. It's too mortifying to walk around like that. The places I called wouldn't pick us up. The owner was so sweet, he didnt know the situation but was kind enough to flag a cab for us and made sure we got in safe. Its like he read my mind. That is top notch service. I'm so impressed. I'm back in RI now and wish I can bring back those flavors. This restaurant experience, will always stick in my good memory department. I want to go back to Louisiana just for Steves Samurai and special. I could only imagine how amazing the other dishes may be... 
Steve if you ever read this review, just want you to know you have mad skills, and can really flip that kitchen upside down. Thank you for the best sushi EVER!Although the decor is inviting, that's the only thing about this spot that is. Nearly almost always empty, except the strippers coming off shift, I would hardly call this place "kid friendly". 
The sushi is medeocre at best. Nothing to seperate them from the competition. 
The staff is nice, but not an exchangeable quality for less than average food.We were nervous about trying sushi in NOLA, but Ginger Lime was around the corner from our hotel and when you have a craving, you best do your body right and satisfy it! The Dome blew our freakin' mind!! Expensive, but well worth it. Drinks were good and our server was friendly and helpful. We were the only people there at 9 on a Sunday, but the Saints were playing on all the TVs and food came out quickly. If you're searching for some sushi, this is definitely a place worth checking out.Bought the group on... Food was on point and staff was very knowledgable and answered all our questions and have suggestions. Did a group sake bomb and the waitress split up without our asking which was perfect since we were splitting checks. Overall a great underrated place that should be tried by all.It's sushi.  There's not a lot of vegan stuff on the menu, but you can definitely get a meal here.  The place itself is extremely aesthetically pleasing in a way that went well with my cyberpunk novel, and the service is wonderful.  
Vegan: avocado rolls, cucumber, possibly asparagus and sweet potato (do not eat the eel sauce, duh).    
Gluten-free / wheat free: do not get the sweet potato roll, it's battered.Amazing Asian fusion which my whole family enjoyed!  Check out my pictures and you'll see what I mean.I'm not gonna say I'm a fan like I am of gaga, kesha, or even nicki... however I'm sure this is a memory ill remember for a while!!!  Ya know only for the safety b of my friends health and my own!! Between my salad add the plastic, my fajita style teriyaki beef, or my no avocado sushi roll with the avocado poked out and replaced w/ asparagus. Now don't get to mad when I say this bc i did atleast get a good laugh.. but maybe just maybe  yall should pick up a career in interior design.. I'm just sayin that might be your trade.. bc that place was real cute..During my recent visit to New Orleans, after several nights of eating oysters, BBQ, and more traditional southern food, I had a craving for sushi, and as I walked by this restaurant, I thought I'd give it a shot. Boy, was I glad I did!
The restaurant has extremely modern decor, and nice lighting. It definitely looks like they've put some time and money into making this place look nice. The staff there was very friendly, and recommended that I try some of their rolls.
I ended up getting the Dragon roll along with a few orders of sashimi, and the quality was excellent! I wasn't exactly sure what to expect, as I wouldn't expect to eat sushi on a visit to New Orleans, but this place was fantastic! As a person from the northwest with extremely high seafood standards, the sashimi tasted extremely fresh, and the roll was also very flavorful.
The owner was working at the time, and he came around to check on us, and ended up chatting with him a bit. He and his staff were extremely attentive, and made this a very positive dining experience.
If you're in New Orleans and want a change from all the great cajun/southern food, try  this place out!I got take out for lunch from here today and it was awful! I've eaten here before but today it was total gross. The fish was clearly old. I had a few bites of my rolls, then took just the fish out to taste it and it was so nasty I had to spit it out. I will never eat here again and I recommend you don't either. I really hope I don't get food poisoning. Bad raw fish is a dangerous thing.Quick seating while other places had hour to two hour long waits had me nervous at first, but the sushi was amazing and the fish was incredibly(!) fresh.  The rolls are moderately priced at around $5-$5.75 for your standard rolls, with specialty rolls going from $9 - $13; standard sushi prices and with as quick as it came out and as nice as the rolls were presented, well worth it!
The also had a Vietnemese menu which made us incredibly happy, and we ordered off of both menus and were amazed at how fresh and amazing everything tasted.  Ontop of the amazing food and good prices, our waitress was wonderful and very attentive.
I would highly recommend this place if you're looking for some great sushi and amazing service.First off, service is extremely slow with only 2 other tables with people, and 4 people at sushi bar.  The chef's special yellow tail was good, but at $13.50 for 5 tiny pieces of yellow tail sashimi it was a rip off.  Oh, did I  say the service is extremely slow.  The ginger lime nachos were good, but again, portion was very small for the price.  Did I say the service was Extremely Slow!!  The rest of the rolls were ok, but not anything memorable.  All in all, I'd say take a pass on this place.  The service is way too slow!!!!I flew into Gulfport at 11am and we decided instead of driving back to Hattiesburg we would go have lunch in New Orleans since they are both about an hour away. I went on Restaurant.com and found a coupon for this place. We both love sushi so we thought we would try it.  Their were dirty plates on two of the empty tables. I am not exactly sure what she was doing, since their was only one other person sitting down other than us. 
We started with a shrimp appetizer. It was shrimp wrapped in wonton with a sweet dipping sauce. The wrapping was crunchy and hot but the shrimp was not warm enough and a bit tough. The dipping sauce was duck sauce, nothing to write home about.
We split 3 rolls, assuming they would be a decent size. 
The Scallop Roll, Yellow Tail Roll and a specialty roll called a "Who Dat" Roll
The scallop roll was fine, the yellow tail was fishy tasting and may have been beginning to turn. The "Who Dat" roll is shrimp tempura, tuna and cucumber inside with avocado on the outside, like a dragon roll. The menu did not say it was going to be served with sauces drizzled over it. That was an unpleasant surprise. The shrimp was pre-fried and not stored well. It tasted like refrigerator and it was soggy instead of crunchy. We were so hungry we ate it all despite our issues. We were still hungry and actually wanted to order more of these mediocre rolls but our waitress was nowhere to be found.
When she came back, she told us she could not take it because there was a festival going on that day. There was no fine print on the coupon. I looked around at the empty restaurant and back at her. It was my husband and I's first meal together in nearly a month; I was in to good of a mood to argue. We asked for the check and about fifteen minutes later she brought it out. 
We go to New Orleans every other month and we usually always stop off at Star Steak House down the block on the other side of the street. If you're looking for a great meal and excellent service walk right by Ginger Lime, and across the street you'll see a yellow hanging sign that is the place you want to go. Enjoy your dinner.The sushi was delicious and the atmosphere was very nice.  Used a coupon, it was great!Love the NOLA roll! And the BBQ pork sandwich~Decided to stop here for a quick eat. It was a nice atmosphere with the doors open and all, so you could feel a breeze, and service was really good( we were the only ones in there). The sushi was ok. We ordered a Philly roll and a Spicy Tuna roll. I wouldn't say they were terrible, yet a little soggy in my opinion and the Tuna was a little mushy. Also, the waitress gave us each a little chocolate with our check, so that was a nice little touch. I wouldn't say I am dying to eat here again, but I would probably stop in again if I'm around these parts and craving sushi.I tried this place on the recommendation of a friend and I really liked it. Both times I've been, the service has been great and so has the food. The sashimi and sushi I had was good enough that I didn't want to use soy sauce or wasabi on it. 
The happy hour discount (20% off) made the already decent prices an even better deal too!I think this was actually the best meal that I had when in New Orleans with my boyfriend last week. Partly because service was either so slow/so rude in other restaurants, and here it was fine (not OMG AMAZING, but I had no complaints at all about the service). The dinner was good. I LOVED my sweet potato sushi. I think it was sweet potato tempura even though the menu only listed sweet potato. It was delish. My bf enjoyed his shrimp BBQ the most. I had a glass of wine, it was fine. For dessert, the Tempura Cheesecake was TO DIE FOR! yummmmmmy. It was not crowded at all, fair prices. Really enjoyed it!I tried this place on a whim. It was okay, but I would not intentionally go back unless I was desperate.
I attempted to order unagi don from the menu, but none of the waitstaff knew what it was. They had to bring out the sushi chef to confirm that unagi don was a thing, and that he was able to make it. 
I got the dinner for takeout. After I left, I realized that they forgot my salad. I walked back to get my salad, which they quickly provided along with an apology. 
The food was decent and the prices were okay, but the service was way more of a hassle than I feel like dealing with on a regular basis.In the middle of jambalaya, dirty rice, chicken fried steak, and ribs sometimes you want some thing fresh and healthy.  Ginger Lime is an oasis.  Sit at the bar and just tell the sous chef Albie what you do and dont like and he will create something amazing.  He gave us a sashimi platter with 7 types of fish, some of which I haven't even had in California.  My friend wanted the WHO DAT roll which was sooooo good.  We had flounder sashimi.....it was amazing.   It was just like NOLA jazz, no words needed.As good as it gets doesn't even start to describe how wonderful the place is. From top to bottom the fish items are delicious the sushi the steak the chicken .  That's just the food... The service Atmosphere and cleanliness of the business are enough to make any Foody Cozy and happy. My friends and I live in the quarter and this is our regular spot to relax and enjoy ourselves.. It's a Nola gem!!I ordered over the phone and they bike delivered, i had the spicy tuna roll, a philly roll, and the baked salmon
 It was so good!!!! Cant wait to go there in person.Gooooood sushi! Had no complaints between ten girls which is impressive. Didn't give it 5 stars because it was a Saturday night during jazz fest and they had one server!! By the time we were ready to go, almost every table was full and our server had a hard time keeping up (anyone would!) More staffing please!Ordered two specialty rolls and they were pretty good! Fish tasted fresh, nice presentation.. Service was slow, but I didn't expect it to be fast- no restaurants are fast in this city.The food was amazing! We went with their recommendation of the big easy roll along with the kabuki and bonsai and they were all amazing. Best sushi we've ever had. Also did our very first saki bomb there which was pretty fun. We're definitely going to go there every time we come back to New Orleans. Would recommend everyone who's looking for sushi to come hereNothing was right. The food was subpar and the service was terrible. We ordered 2 sushi rolls and substituted Soy wrap instead of seaweed wrap. However, both rolls arrived with seaweed wrap. The waitress apologized and said it was her fault she forgot. She took the rolls back and about 30 minutes later (!!!) the rolls came out again with seaweed wrap! Sent them back again. The rolls were re-made and when they came out one had Soy wrap and the other still had seaweed wrap! And they had the wrong sauces on them this time! Our drink orders were also incorrect. We were there for a couple of hours and nothing was correct. I was amazed that a restaurant could do EVERYTHING WRONG!!Great little off-the-beaten-path sushi bar! Exceptionally clean & friendly, with delicious rolls. Don't miss the Dome & the Hurricane!