This is a great addition to the area! New Orleans doesn't have a bagel scene-but Goldberg's fills that empty carb hole. I love that they have a bunch of different bagel flavors and an interesting assortment of flavored cream cheeses. Their veggie cream cheese on a jalapeño cheddar bagel ($3.50ish)...mmmm! 
There is a take out section to the left and a pretty big dine-in area to the right. Overall, a solid and much needed bagel place in New Orleans.What an awesome place!!! The service is amazing and the food... I had eggs Benedict with side of potato latkes and avocado slices, and my boyfriend had an egg sandwich on Asiago bagel with a side of corned beef hash. I opted for Canadian bacon as per waitress suggestion and I was not disappointed! The food prep is outstanding and Roneika, our server was sweet, attentive and quick. The potato latkes were almost as good as my mamas and that's a high praise!  Make sure to stop by this place next time you are in New Orleans!As an Atlantan (& NYC transplant) who is quite familiar with the quality of Goldbergs I was curious to see what a Goldbergs NOLA would be like. I'm happy to report that this location takes the ATL version & kicks it up a notch (what? a full bar?!) what they didn't change was the variety & quality of bagels & schmears offered. Plus there's a wide selection of local favs. My husband & I took the bagel & coffee route. Service was attentive & very friendly, thanks to Misty. The GM came by to check on us as well. Despite our simple order we were treated like highly valued guests.I ordered on Uber Eats and was so pleasantly surprised at the quality of my food. I ordered the ChickenWaffles with the Potato Latkes as a side, Bagel Beignets & a Fresh Orange Juice. 
The chicken and waffles come with a healthy portion of white chicken breast meat which has a yummy breading that us not heavy on the flavoring like most Nola fried chicken (in my limited experience). I have lived here one year & come from a NYC Jewish family but grew up in CA so I appreciate the healthier versions of these favorites. Waffles are thick and there is butter and syrup. Normally i would want ketchup for my fried chicken but i didnt miss it. The latkes are latke-licious! Love that they came with apple sauce which is my fav. Bagel beignets came with a really awesome sugary strawberry sauce and it looked like white & brown sugar. Orange juice was fresh squeezed. I love this so much and can't wait to taste more of these comfort foods in the future. Peace love & latkes, y'all!!New restaurant in the CBD. The service was stellar, and the food was absolutely delicious. I wanted gluten free options, and they're easily identified on the menu. They have gluten free bread and buns - a rarity around this area of town. My wife had the breakfast flatbread, and she's still raving about it. The corned beef hash was also very well flavored. We will come back for gluten free burgers and to try the supper menu.My husband and I have been here twice already! First time we went we did breakfast which was amazing!! I'm from Brooklyn so I know a good bagel! It definitely reminded me of home. The second time we did lunch. I had the crawfish quesadilla and was not disappointed!!! My husband had a turkey wrap sandwich and went on and on about how much he loved it!!! Customer service was great too, I believe our server was Christina she is so sweet! We will be back again!Okay for starters this restaurant is very hard to find, the physical address is 925 Common Street but the main entrance is right around the corner at 130 Roosevelt Way. I came here around lunch time for the past few weeks with my close co-workers and have been seeing a change in service. Last week I was served by Nicky who is a very bright server and made us laugh the whole time. I came in yesterday for lunch time and was glad to see new faces. But it look like it was a struggle to sit us down. It wasn't busy and they didn't have a host to greet us. It seemed as the servers was arguing with each other as who was going to take the table. Then I over heard the conversation of the young lady with red hair say she didn't want to server black people because we are rude, mean and picky. My thing is this I tip my server of the server is nice and alert no mater what color they are. That really bothered me and as I paid attention I started to realize that they don't have no black workers there the only one I seen yesterday was the manager and chef. This is in a city where it's 50/50 black and whites. And for this young lady to say that really bother me. I wanted to reach out and talk to the management team which I did via email. I haven't heard nothing back.  The food is good the serves are feeling but when a server make a comment like that I will not be back unfortunately. I really hope that you guys are teaching this servers proper manners and telling them watch what they say around customers because we clearly can hear.Tried this place out for lunch with my s/o who works in the area - excellent location and addition in the CBD!
Unfortunately, what we ordered was quite underwhelming for our palate. My guy ordered the chicken salad sandwich on rye with coleslaw. The coleslaw was terrible and seemed to be missing the binding ingredient and therefore just appeared to be shredded cabbage and carrots. The chicken salad sandwich was simply the salad and bread, no additional condiments like lettuce or onion which would've been ok if there was some flavor in the salad itself. I would not recommend ordering this meal.
I had the breakfast flatbread which was good - it came with bacon and avocado for a fair price so that was a plus. I like that they serve breakfast all day.  
Service was good. It's a fairly large restaurant with a full bar and a separate grab and go section which will serve the CBD workforce well. 
I will probably come back for a bagel and coffee but not much else as I am not a reuben fan and that seems to be their feature dish.We happened upon this place by happy accident.  We were looking for a quick bite before a concert and Goldberg's was the perfect setting.  Misty, the bartender, was well versed in everything from beer to cocktails to food. Good beer selections and a good variety of cocktail offerings. Misty's recommendation of the Reuben Egg Rolls app was perfect.  For our entree's, I had the All-Beef Kosher Hot Dog and my gf had the French Dip. Both were perfect and more than we could eat.  Great value for price.  We will definitely return.Golderg's Fine Food is your typical diner, and you pretty much get what you would expect - decent food and decent service. Overall the food was good, an order came out wrong and wasn't fixed. Service was friendly but slow - although everyone was running for some reason. The Matzo Brei was clearly cooked by someone who doesn't know what matzo brei is, so it came out more like scrambled eggs. All of the other food was good. They do offer $10 bottomless mimosas and a bloody Mary bar for brunch if drinking early is in your game plan for the day.Great food and atmosphere. Friendly people. A must when visiting New Orleans. Any meal any time of day.As a yankee transplant of 23 years, I've longed for a decent diner or deli with great bagels in New Orleans. Hallelujah! My dreams have come true! Goldberg's has it all. We had late breakfast (the whole menu is always available) with a Bloody Mary - yum! Service was all around excellent, Diamond was helpful, attentive and knowledgeable, the door host even helped us out with the broken parking meter out front. Breakfast was perfect; special shout out for the home fries with onions and peppers- sooo good! Bagels are the best I've ever had in Nola. Thrilled they're here but glad I don't live next door, my girlish figure wouldn't stand a chance!
Only downside: a little pricey(but totally worth it)Nothing special, bad service. Food uninspiring.  Zero New Orleans character in this large place, it could just as easily be in Minnesota.  There are so many great places in New Orleans, don't bother with this.Finally, a REAL bagel emporium in the CBD.  Great selection of bagels and only $9.99 baker's dozen.  I had the crawfish po-boy and it is delicious.  Okay Goldbergs, you are gonna see me around a lot, I could live off REAL bagels.what a great spot! i ordered a few different things from the menu and i was not disappointed! and it's right next door to my apartment building so that's a huge plus. staff was very friendly and everything in my takeout order was nicely organized and wasn't missing anything. will definitely be stopping in all the time!This restaurant opened on May 7th.  Please keep that in mind when reading other reviews about the alleged horrible they received and note the date such reviews were posted.
Yes, there are some service issues that need to be worked out.  That is the only reason Goldberg's isn't getting 5 stars from me today.  (But also, this is a diner-style joint. Who goes to a diner expecting the same kind of service they'd receive at a linen napkin using fine dining establishment?) The wait staff needs to be better acquainted with the menu items, and the kitchen definitely needs to pick up the pace.  
The food itself is great.  It is not gourmet, so don't go in there expecting to have your mind blown with unique, daring spices and preparation techniques.  For what it is, it's great.  Yes, the prices are steep for the kind of food served, however, keep in mind the LOCATION: downtown, adjacent to the Roosevelt Hotel.  Even the Subways in this neighborhood cost much more than their suburban counterparts.  
Lighten up, people.  This is a welcome addition to the CBD and my friends and I couldn't be more excited.  Been there four times.Okay for starters this restaurant is very hard to find, the physical address is 925 Common Street but the main entrance is right around the corner at 130 Roosevelt Way. I came here around lunch time for the past few weeks with my close co-workers and have been seeing a change in service. Last week I was served by Nicky who is a very bright server and made us laugh the whole time. I came in yesterday for lunch time and was glad to see new faces. But it look like it was a struggle to sit us down. It wasn't busy and they didn't have a host to greet us. It seemed as the servers was arguing with each other as who was going to take the table. Then I over heard the conversation of the young lady with red hair say she didn't want to server black people because we are rude, mean and picky. My thing is this I tip my server of the server is nice and alert no mater what color they are. That really bothered me and as I paid attention I started to realize that they don't have no black workers there the only one I seen yesterday was the manager and chef. This is in a city where it's 50/50 black and whites. And for this young lady to say that really bother me. I wanted to reach out and talk to the management team which I did via email. I haven't heard nothing back.  The food is good the serves are feeling but when a server make a comment like that I will not be back unfortunately. I really hope that you guys are teaching this servers proper manners and telling them watch what they say around customers because we clearly can hear.I'm from NY so I was excited when this place opened but their prices are absolutely ludicrous. The food itself is OK but 12 bucks for a tuna sandwich? That's more expensive than what I used to pay in NYC!Sucks service and food horrible I would not recommend it to anyone food generic waitress forgot our what we ordered and never checked on us the whole mealGreat service, nice atmosphere and tasty food!  Check them out if you're in New Orleans! Michael the manager was super helpful and made us feel welcome!New Orleans has great food But I was missing just having a great Deli sandwich.I have found a hidden gem in Goldberg Deli in the CBD great Bengals and great sandwichesI am from Michigan and retired business owner and not only is the food amazing. The bartender Misty is amazing. Being from beverage industry I understand the VALUE of a brand ambassador. She recommends not only items from menu she also will make your overall New Orleans experience better. Awesome for family or just fun. Food is so good we ate there 1 or 2 times a day and drank some awes ok me hurricanes that are 1/3  the price of bourbon st. We stayed at Roosevelt hotel and if you eat elsewhere you have wasted money and had sub par food. Many restaurants prey on tourist. Portions are huge. ENJOY YELP PEOPLE.The entire staff was friendly n very helpful upon my 1st time visit. Ms Kelly the manager was extremely warm & hospitable. The waitress "T"alesha? was extremely knowledgeable of all the menu choices. The entire Lunch was just great. The service was very accommodating and efficent. The restrooms were Clean & smelled fresh. Hot water & Soaps were readily  available.  The food was Fresh and served directly from the open kitchen--see pics. We would definitely return to this establishment.  Prices were VERY reasonable & Nothing was really that Over priced for being nusf off Canal st and nearby Historic French Quarter. The menu has so many choices , serving portions were filling.This place is right next to our hotel, the Roosevelt. The bloody Mary's were amazing, bagels were awesome, and Misty gave us great service from behind the bar. Great spot for breakfast or lunch.I was really excited to see this new addition to food options in downtown New Orleans. We stopped in last night and I bought some bagels. I was especially thrilled to have a garlic bagel as they are hard to find here as are most other specialty Bagels when you live in the Deep South. We brought the garlic Bagels home and on further inspection I realized that it was just a poppy-seed bagel with some chopped garlic smooshed on it in clumps. That's not a garlic bagel. That's cheating and it was kind of gross. Let me know when you guys start making real Bagels.Gluten free options, large portions. 
They brought more food to the table than I could eat and were very accommodating with gluten allergy--serving up large, fluffy, rich pancakes like I've never had. There was a little confusion with my order because they really wanted to make sure everything was prepared to my liking. I'd try this place again if I'm in New Orleans.Coming from Long Island New York this place is awesome !!! I had the whole wheat everything bagel with lox and potato latkes with apple sauce and eggs.  Our waitress roneika is a true asset to this establishment excellent service and very friendly!!! You guys gotta stop here best bagel place in Nola !   Btw.  My husband had a bacon egg cheese sandwich on a garlic bagel toasted very happyWent there on Monday morning 8/27/18 around mid morning for breakfast.  Was looking for a good place to eat before exploring New Orleans and some others in a group said it was a good place.  Was disappointed once we got there, not in the food but in the service.  The food was good and OK for breakfast fare but the poor server was working the entire front dining room by herself and even bussing her own tables.  
Took almost 10 minutes to get our coffee and had to wait even longer for two waters.  The food was brought out by the cook trying to help the poor girl out.  At one point, she was practically running to the back stay on top of her orders.  The dining room was not crowded, approx. 6-8 tables busy, but when you're all by yourself it can be crazy.  We only got one refill of coffee and that was asking the cook for it when he brought our food out.
While we were there, some others from our group came by and we got up to warn them that the server was by herself and the wait time for service was extremely long.  The "manager" overheard this and gave me the stinkeye for giving our group a headsup.  They came in anyway but I never heard if they're experience was better.
I don't blame the server, she was doing the best she could but I hold management to blame.  Why would you have only one server in the entire front dining room on a Monday when folks are out and about visiting the city??  
If it had not been for management being so cheap to have only one server on duty, the experience would have been much better.A great place for a quick delicious meal. My family enjoyed the burgers and fries and I had a great Reuben.  The staff were great.  Afterwards, we picked-up bagels from the take-out side.  Finally, New Orleans has a place to get good bagels!Poor order taking. Long wait on take-out without a line or reason. Food is good not great.HIDDEN GOLD MINE We've Been here for essence festival for  two days , most of that time had been standing in lines at different places  to eat for at least 3 hours   Thankfully we were told about this wonderful place.  We had a party of 14, they welcomed us with open arms. The wait was only 40 minutes and they apologized for that. Amazing service and great affordable food.   Brian (manager) served us personally and made this experience even better.  You owe yourself this type of hospitality while dining out. We will be back.I was real excited when I saw the new construction for a NY style deli was going up in the CBD I was even more excited when I saw the vast assortments of bagels. When you get a deli style sandwich you expect to get a nice portion of meat on the sandwich.needless to say I was disappointed I got the NY po-boy and received one slice of turkey one slice of salami one slice corned beef.Not a good representation of a Deli sandwichChicken Biscuit was great along with the service. Nice to have a new breakfast/coffee/dinner place in the CBD. Best part is....FRESH BAGELS!Service was mediocre-hard to communicate with the waitress-, the egg roll Reuben was good, the Moscow mule was terrible. I asked the waitress how they made the mule; she said I don't know and walked away.  Will not go back.Having this restaurant in New Orleans proper is a blessing. If you like Jewish deli this is the place to go. Eat in or take out. But, take out is always slow and the staff always seems a little confused even though the try their best. Seems there is a lot of turnover and so everyone seems to be new. If your're in a hurry you might get impatient. Even ringing up your order can  be a problem. Hence, only four stars.I ordered catering for breakfast from Goldbergs for a team offsite in New Orleans and it was stellar! We wanted something that felt like New Orleans and enjoyed some delicious egg casserole, biscuits & bagels (and I'm from New York).
Thanks to Karleen & team for making this happenI'll be brief... The food was great. Bagel beignets were amazing. Bottomless Tito's Bloody Mary bar for only $15. Service was awesome. We'll be back.Great place and great service. Rueben egg rolls are my favorite. Bloody Mary bar is a must on the weekends. If you're in the CBD stop by for a quick meal or hang out at the bar to watch many of their Flatscreens. Will be a great place for Saints games.Terrible service! Worst ever! They aren't even busy. We've been here 40 minutes and are just getting our drinks. 3 tables sat down after us, ate and have already left. I asked for the manager and he came to the table and told us they forgot about us! What? I've worked in the service industry long enough to know that you just don't do that! On top of that they did not apologize or even acknowledge that they were fixing the problem.  DON'T EAT HERE! BEWARE!This place is the shitz- Misty.. whatever you do request her!!!!!! Bottomless mimosas-sold... delicious food-sold... great atmosphere..-sold... random waitress staff helping out-sold... this place is off the beaten path but well worth it. 
I had gotten the breakfast flatbread with bacon, avocado, egg and pico... it was delicious and perfect size for yourself or to share. Not gonna lie we went here two days in a row lol had TVs to watch the games and since we were out of town it was nice to stay up to date. Second picture is fried chicken an egg between a biscuit with gravy on it-yummmmmmy! Also came with a side I got the fruit to be somewhat healthy, ha. Bottomless mimosas $10 and make your own Tito's Bloody Mary bar I believe it's only Saturday and Sunday 8-3pm. 
I definitely recommend this place all the other good smelt amazing and I would come back next time I'm in NOLA!!Prices are good!
Service was good!
Food was Ok. My fries were super salty and over seasoned. And I didn't really enjoy the taste of the mayo mix used on the Po Boy.5 stars for amazing service ! Kind and friendly , Bloody Mary's are fantastic here ! Will def stop by when back in New Orleans.Eben, Johnathan, Smiley, and Michelle all made our stay in New Orleans even better. Great food and wonderful service! Every meal we ate here was tasteful and memorable. The servers really know how to cater to your party and make you feel like your the only ones there. Definitely recommend a stop here while you visit New Orleans!Food was really good. We got bagels and a bagel sandwich.  The service is lacking a little bit. There were 20 people walking around but seemed like only 1 or 2 were doing something. Saw multiple people just look at a customer but because it wasn't their job to seat them or help them they just looked at them and kept going.First time in New Orleans, parked in front of this place to go to a bar up the street. On the way back we were invited to try a sample of one of their flatbreads(biggest sample ever had and amazing flavors). Once in your welcomed by Misty the easygoing, fun loving, warm bartender but she knows her city and cares/loves her job and she makes her own Hurricanes. My husband had a burger and fries with side of au ju and gravy and I had a crawfish poboy(needed a little bit more flavors to pop out, easy fix for me was dip it in au ju lol. 
The conversation from the staff and the charmastic bartender, Misty convinced us to come back for breakfast. Bottomless mimosas , bloody mary bar and $5 hurricanes. 
Prices are good
Food is good
Drinks are really good
Atmosphere is funPros: Nice waitresses. Fast service
Cons: We asked for gluten free brisket. They said, oh okay, then no gravy. Great. It comes. It has gravy. We ask, is this gluten free? They check, it's not. They bring another plate quickly (that was good) but then the mashed potatoes are cold. Not impressed.
Also, now I'm having loose stools and abdominal pain. Won't come back here.Great and friendly service.  Food is very tasty and prepared as asked.  Bagels were top notch.Fresh food, excellent service. Excellent menu selection. Wish we had found it sooner than later in our trip!Wow. Where do I begin. I ordered three times from this place for delivery and each time I ordered they forget to put something in that I ordered. Then when I called up the manager was extremely rude and wouldn't give me my money back. Do not order from this place to save yourself the headache. Maybe one day they will get there business together and get organized but until then stay far away.I'm going to boil down my review to a few key points:
- The very nice but completely incompetent server seemed to have never worked in a restaurant before. She was unfamiliar with the menu, which can be excused. It's a new restaurant. What can't be excused however is that we had to ask for absolutely everything we needed. More coffee, silverware,  napkins, cream for coffee, the missing latke I had ordered (and never did receive). 
- I ordered steak and eggs. Medium and over easy. I got well done and scrambled. It was inedible. And it cost $15 and came with no sides. 
- my husband order was better-- fried eggs and bacon with latkes. The latke was good. 
- the french toast was also goodWow!!! This is a hidden jewel for Common Street. I'm originally from Miami and love bagel and lox with cream cheese onion, tomatoes. The Ruben egg rolls were delicious. The staff is nice and take the time to explain the large menu selections.I've long said that the lone missing thing from New Orleans food scene is a real Jewish deli/bagel scene. I'm a HUGE fan of Steins (and go there maybe too often) and love Humbel Bagel when I can beat the line, but I was excited to see a new place pop up in a currently bagel-less neighborhood.
I ordered a bagel and lox from Goldbergs because that's what you do when you're trying to figure out how good a deli is. It was great! It was huge, and it came with a good sized side salad.
The one star that I'm taking off is for price. Ouch. It hurts. Obviously lox ain't cheap, and I'm willing to shell out, but I've paid almost half the price for a bagel with lox IN MANHATTAN. You just won't get out of there for less than about $15 for many things on the menu, which is a steep price to pay for a deli breakfast/lunch.Excellent food and service. We visited New Orleans for husband's birthday. Came by twice , it was so good!!The customer service was ok, but the chicken biscuit was swimming in grease.  It looked like it had been cooked and then dipped back in the grease to reheat. For the reviews you would have thought the food was better than what was severed.Two stars are for the all stars in the kitchen!
I want to love Goldbergs and want them to love me back but it doesn't seem like it is meant to be. The first time I enjoyed their food I was smitten. The second time I got half my order. Now the third time it is a mess. Whoever is packing bags there you are destroying the food by flipping the containers sideways! I also ordered some rainbow cookies and a cinnamon roll. I received the cinnamon roll but not the cookies and was still charged. did not call to complain this time because I have given up on you Goldbergs. I will try again maybe sometime in the far future.Really enjoyed a late dinner breakfast here last night.  Breakfast items were good and large portions (I enjoyed breakfast flatbread very much) Jose was our server and he was excellent- very helpful and friendly for our party of 6!  No crowded - no waiting. We are staying at The Roosevelt so will probably go back for bagels before we leave town!Service is a little rough here. Not much to explain the 'fine foods', but the food was good. Waiter tried to save the visit towards the end, which was nice. Great location and decent food, just need to make some effort on customer service.Really cool place with awesome bagels! You can tell they are freshly made every morning. A lot of selections too. Definitely would eat here again!Soooo delicious. Wish we had one of these in Chicago! I got the bayou omelette and it did not disappoint. I recommend trying the biscuits as well. Not dry at all! Definitely will come back next trip to NOLA!Not impressed in the least. Server was less than attentive. Waited while other tables, who arrived after we'd been seated, were taken care of. Never once came back to check on how the food was or if we needed anything. Food was good but not spectacular. Bacon on my plate appeared to have been placed in a fryer rather than in an oven or grilled. We ordered corned beef hash- it was forgotten- asked again- server asked hot or cold. When the "hash" arrived it was slices of corned beef. 
Unfortunately, based on this very poor experience we won't be back.I seriously love it here, and I'm sad I have to leave. I'm visiting from out of state and found this place on a list of breakfast joints to check out. Of course they aren't just breakfast, but holy god, if you don't eat one of these bagels, you are sorely missing out. I had the everything bagel (it's a staple for me) and then on recommendation on a different sitting, branched out to Asiago cheese. Both were amazing flavor and texture parties in my mouth. Perfectly crisp outside with super soft inside. Full Flavortown. I got the two egg breakfast and was pleasantly surprised by the consistency of my over easy eggs. It's hard to find a place that actually cooks the whites while keeping the yolks from getting crusty. The omelettes are also delicious. I got the veggie omelette (subbed broccoli for spinach - $0.50) and then I got the bayou omelette. Oh, and get the potato latkes. You want those flavors. Yes, I've been here three times in three days. Don't judge me. I'm also going to treat myself to some spiked hot chocolate because it's my last day. I think you should also do that. 
Service. They are so nice. And attentive. And timely.  I want to be their friend. 
Come here. Eat their food. Tip their people. Repeat. That's how I feel.Don't Go for Breakfast!
They advertise 26 varieties of bagels. I asked for the onion bialy. Nope, the server said, we only have 3 types. Ok, my wife ordered the blueberry egg sandwich. So he brought her an everything bagel instead. 
I asked that my bagel be toasted. It came back warm-baked! No evidence that it passed through a toaster. 
My wife went to the ladies room, many soap dispensers, but no soap. 
Btw, the food was ok. Good omelette; good coffee. But too many slip ups to be worth it.Delicious! It was clean and beautiful inside, and the breakfast was wonderful. The service was amazing, and my kids loved it! Prices were a bit high, but it wasn't extreme for downtown New Orleans.This place was great! My friends were in search of a good bagel and we were not disappointed.  The bottomless bloody Mary bar was a bonus.  Awesome staff, (shout out to Misty!) awesome atmosphere, awesome food. Definitely on our list to stop back!Omg this place is amazing! Make sure you sit at the bar when Misty is working! Her homemade Bloody Mary mix is delicious and will make you forget about zing-zang! You will not be disappointed at all. The breakfast burger on a bagel is to die for and the breakfast flatbread is fantastic. The bagels are made in house and can't be beat. Don't miss out on the Bottomless bloody Mary's and mimosas on the weekends!Great lattes- better than any of the coffeehouses in the CBD. 
Amazing bagels- can't get enough of that jalapeño cream cheese!
Great ambiance and location. 
Why two stars? Ashley the barista has some of the worst customer service skills --and for New Orleans that's saying a lot. 
The manager on duty, he was an absolute delight to speak to, but my experience with this lady this morning was so unpleasant that I have no choice but to openly complain about it.
I will definitely be open to improving this rating based on future visits, but for the time being, two stars is all I can honestly give
Edit- went back and had a much better experience. Ashley was much nicer :)Our AirBnB was right around the corner and so we dropped in here for breakfast. Nice atmosphere and super clean compared to the French quarter. 
Menu was huge so hard to decide but fried chicken biscuit and breakfast flatbread good. Took some bagels as takeout and that is where this place shines. 
Service was slow and not great, they were not busy so that was a let down and the only thing that kept them from 5 stars. Not the typical NOLA dining- but you can only eat so much creole food for breakfast!Great lattes- better than any of the coffeehouses in the CBD. 
Amazing bagels- can't get enough of that jalapeño cream cheese!
Great ambiance and location. 
Why two stars? Ashley the barista has some of the worst customer service skills --and for New Orleans that's saying a lot. 
The manager on duty, he was an absolute delight to speak to, but my experience with this lady this morning was so unpleasant that I have no choice but to openly complain about it.
I will definitely be open to improving this rating based on future visits, but for the time being, two stars is all I can honestly give.Misty the bartender! A-MAIZ-ING We are in town from Michigan and will definitely be back! Misty is the kindest, coolest person ever! She answered all our questions, gave us great suggestions & was so attentive. Our food was delicious and prepared to perfection. If I owned a restaurant/bar I'd want her running the place! Thank you, Misty!Great sandwich reminiscent of a New York deli. Phenomenal service from bartender Misty and fun atmosphere. Really enjoyed this gem.Review for brunch.
I had scrambled eggs, Turkey sausage, hash browns, grits, toasted bagel- everything cooked perfectly. 
The mimosa was a little heavy on the oj but our server was kind enough to give us more champagne.  Sister had the chicken biscuit and fruit. It tasted delicious. The kids seem to enjoy  food from the kids menu. I would definitely recommend this resturant. It has a upscale dinner/ deli feel.Misty the bartender is awesome very nice and does a fantastic job. Everything was perfect and fresh. Will be back.Loveddddd the service and i loved misty the bartender. The whole atmosphere was amazing and the food was great.Worst customer service in New Orleans!!! Terribly trained staff and poorly run establishment.  They ruined my chances of having a great breakfast on the run.
Miranda I won't be back to the establishment sorry.Service wasn't great all the waiters were arguing the whole time. Our food was alright nothing specialThis place should be great but it is so terribly managed that I walk right passed it dailyGREAT bottomless mimosas on Saturday mornings! The staff was extremely friendly and welcoming, despite our obvious confusion with the area. The delicious portions were very large and filling, and the display of the meals was super eye catching. This was a great start to our weekend in New Orleans!The atmosphere is so friendly and relaxed!! The staff is very welcoming and our bartender Misty was the S@!#. She was obviously really busy making tons of bottomless mimosas, catering to her people at the counter as well as her tables on the floor, but her performance did not reflect it. She was very attentive and fun! A true gem. THE FOOD WAS REALLY DELICIOUS TOO.We Just had breakfast at Goldberg's in New Orleans. Robyn our server was excellent. She recommended the breakfast flatbread as well as the bayou omelette. It was excellent. The bottomless mimosas kept flowing. We can't wait to return. Great food great service!Great food and the staff were awesome!! Great military discount also. Shout out to Iyanna! Need to try the Bloody Mary bar!