We ordered to go at this restaurant bc it was just across the street from the hotel our family was staying. The host that took our order over the phone was very cordial and nice. We walk over about ten minutes after our order. We then waited about 20 min for our order to come. The brought our order and we checked to see if they got our fathers order correct because he has certain allergies.  It was.  All of our food was cold or Luke warm and we only walked a cross the street not even 5 minute walk. My burger was not cooked medium it was cooked rare. My husbands burger was fine. But the spaetzle was cold and over cooked mushy.  Very underwhelming. My husband brought my burger back and for the garlic fries they forgot to include with our order that was a free Yelp deal.  
When he went back the restaurant the manager was apologetic. She took the burger off then a 25% off the total order and gave him a free Coke while he waited.Food was bland and expensive.  Service was awful.  
Our server acted like waiting on us was a huge imposition. She was horrible. (Too bad for you sister, as we tip around 30% for good service and up to 50% for great service. You didn't deserve the 10% we left you.) 
I respect wanting to keep the glass in the front doors clean, but perhaps try doing it when a bunch of people are not trying to go in and out. 
Seriously, train your staff.  From the hostess at the front door, to the waitress, bartender and (I think) manager, everyone acted like they were miserable, it sucked.The hubby and I had a pretty good dinner... decent service.  I always get irritated when I have to use the flashlight on my Iphone in order to be able to see the writing on the menu... I mean really... there is ambience and then there is just not enough lighting!!!  I have to wonder why so dim...are they hiding something?  That being said, the Proscuitto Gorgonzola Chips that we ordered for an appetizer was very good, a good amount of each ingredient, they did not skimp on the prosciutto or the figs.  My seafood Cobb Salad was fresh and had a good amount of crab meat, the shrimp were tiny though so a bit of a disappointment.  My husbands burger was prepared the way he ordered it and he was pleased with the quality of the burger, the crispiness of the bacon and the vegetables that he opted for instead of fries were very tasty. Reasonably priced, conveniently located.The lobster and scallops Mac & cheese was amazing! Their homebrew root beer was the best stuff I've ever had. Can't wait to go back! And all the shrimp was superb.I like the Marzen beer.  I came for a business function so the food was served buffet style.  I don't know much on New Orleans food but the jambalaya was pretty good.This place was delicious! Spent a good amount of time here cause of the rain. First started at the bar and had the beer sampler, some prosecco, and checked in to get the yelp offer of free garlic fries! The garlic fries are amazing! We moved to a table and ordered: BBQ chicken pizza (no cheese), shrimp scampi pasta, lobster bisque soup and a house salad with bleu cheese. The soup came out cold the first time but they brought out a steamy new cup right away. Everyone enjoyed their food! There was no problem until we received our bill and our waiter did not communicate clearly with the price of drinks! Bad communication but good food!
**we came back here again because everyone had enjoyed their food. Got more free fries with the yelp checkin (seriously, so so so good!!) I tried the pulled pork this time and was disappointed! The bun was soaking in sauce so you couldn't even pick the sandwich up! The pulled pork itself was mediocre, I only took a few bites of it with a fork. Took the rest back and never ate it.Really liked this place. We were there for drinks on a Friday night and the atmosphere was fun and a bit loud. It didn't feel touristy. We sat at the bar and the service was friendly and fast. They make their own beers so I tried - and liked - a couple varieties. Looked at the menu and the offerings and prices were appealing. Have to eat there next time.Honestly for a brewery the beer was Ok and the food was great. We went there twice so I tried nearly all the beer they offered and none of them were anything to write home about. However if you are looking for a lunch spot this place is great.I always enjoy a Gordon Biersch beer! Cool waitresses but they freak out and ignore you the more you drink. Apparently they can only put up with a little bit of drunken chatter. Nice and simple atmosphere with the option of patio wining and dining.Came here after the Saints/Packers game. One would think that a brewery/sport bar would expect and want the crowd after a game. It was close to our hotel and Harrahs so we thought why not!  I wish we would have thought otherwise. Service was slow. Food was cold. It was disappointing bc they had a great menu. 
At one point, they started telling people  they were out of food and closed. It was clear they just wanted to get everyone out so they could close at midnight. Literally turned away over a hundred plus people.I had the fish n chips, it was a huge portion! The breading was nice and crisp, not greasy at all. My hubby had a pizza which was also a good portion, the size of a dinner plate. We ended the meal with crème brulee, which was thick n creamy.The dish I ordered was bland. Bruschetta chicken with Jasmine rice. The rice was overcoooked and hard. The chicken didn't have much flavor. I ended up eating the pizza my friend ordered. 
I did get garlic fries from checking in with a Yelp. They were good.We're from LA and just looking for a quick snack and drink. Atmosphere is fun food is great. Could have had garlic fries alone for dinner!!!Absolutely horrendous service. Servers staring at the TV. Our party of five waited over 40 minutes for our food, and NOT A SINGLE ORDER was correct. Each was missing something or not cooked the way we asked. Waitress didn't write anything down. She walked away from the table WHILE WE WERE SPEAKING WITH HER because another table called her. Manager came over and acted nice but it was obvious that she didn't want to deal with us. She tried to make the orders right but by that point we didn't want anything. Not even bothering to come back to our table, she instructed the waitress to tell us "you can leave if you want." OH THANKS I DIDN'T THINK I COULD. Worst service I've experienced in my life.A sports Gameday favorite to visit with my friends.  Great cocktails and their known lagers are not bad.  Menu choices are great... And if u just care to snack, the appetizers are great... Especially the wings and Crabcakes... Outdoor dining is a plus during fall and breezy Spring seasons.  Love it!We had some good beer here, but the food left a bit to be desired.  I got the calamari appetizer and it was completely bland.  No seasoning and didn't come with the advertised aeoli.  I dumped some salt and pepper on it and muddled through but wouldn't order it again.  
The Czech pilsner and the swartzbier were great and my brother liked the gold export.Chain style food.  Friendly but rather slow service.  Requested substitutions on sides were not made and one side dish was forgotten.  Just not a lot of flavor in any appetizer or main course.  I couldn't even get a burger since medium is the rarest possible.  Good beer might be the only reason to return.Awesome place , great food, incredible view, the people are awesome, I need to come back. Must try for any one that has never been here.  The hefe, is a must try.... they also validate parking at Harrah which is a plusThe food was delicious, but the service was even better. Marlon was awesome....There was no hostess when we arrived but he saw us standing there and took the initiative to greet..seat..serve us. Ever recommendation was on point.Went twice while visiting New Orleans for moose conference. Best foods. Fish and chips were delicious. Sausage platter was good by mom said. My mom and I shared dip and calamari that was also good. Mango tea was good.The Garlic Fries are awesome.
The chicken gumbo is pretty good.
The Burgers and Pizza are decent.
The drinks are average...
Had to send back a few drinks because of dirty glasses, nothing major.
Decent place to watch a sporting event with LCD screens all over.
Roomy, good for groups. 
MARLIN IS THE BEST WAITER.....ASK FOR HIM.Went for a late lunch. The place was pretty empty. We waited for someone to seat us for at least 10 minutes before we had to track someone down. The crab and artichoke dip and the calamari apps we got were decent. The entrees were horrible. The only thing edible was the burger. Mahi was super salty with mushrooms covered in way too much red pepper. Beer battered fish was burnt and the cheese sandwich was 100 percent grease. At least we had a very nice waiter. I won't be coming back.I dined here quite a few times the last time I was in New Orleans (either 2009 or 2010, don't remember...). 
The biggest 'stand-out' item for me: the garlic fries! I loved them! If you go to this restaurant, you should definitely try them.
I'm not sure exactly what i ate entrée-wise, but I'm pretty sure I repetitively ordered the same burger each time. It was good, from what I can remember.
Overall, 4 stars because their food is great but nothing I would go crazy over.
Will definitely go back the next time I'm in New Orleans.Oh my goodness. We come to new Orleans often  the food was awesome here. The bartender was wonderful and very thorough  her name is Heather prittthett will be back we r from .Miami and this place  rocks ..Mediocre food, terrible management. Place runs about as smooth as sandpaper. If you come to New Orleans and are hungry, get some local food. Get a beer and move on.Quack!
I have to say, all in all we were fairly impressed. Looking for a bite to eat later, and to mix it up from the same old options, we decided to pop in for a burger. Have to say, I wasn't expecting much given this is a chain, but was pleasantly surprised with how good the burger was. Would come again if craving a burger. 
Quack!We stopped in for a light meal and a drink. We sat at a table in the bar area. Service was great. I couldn't make my mind up about the dark beers so the server brought a sample of 3 for me to try.  My wife had a house red. We shared a margarita flatbed pizza which was perfect. I can't give it a 5 because we didn't have a meal.  All in all a nice experience.We came in on st pattys day. They run out of "green" beer and new orleans uncommon.
Also didnt had calmari, and the spoon for the desssert was dirty! 
Creme broule is mehOnly get 3 stars cause of their handcrafted beers. Their food is sub par. They couldn't prepare a steak correctly to save their life. All four stakes at the table were over cooked from how they were specified. Green beans from a can, and they ran out of the we sides order without notifying us only to bring us something else in it's stead. Over cooked salmon filet and cold mash potatoes...all in all it's like a pricey trip to Applebee's. But the beer was more than a life saver. Great beer!!To my fellow Yelpers, just stay away.  Talk about awful service, awful food and beer flight presentation that only a blind man would like.  Ordered a flight of beer and when it came out it had a list of what style of beer it was and the waiter could not tell me which one of each style it was.  A generic beer flight presentation with multiple beers under each type without knowing which one it was.  The waiter stated it was up to the bar tender on which ones to give, which means I did not have a choice nor did I know which ones I got.  Strike one.  We got our food and, boy, it sucked.  I ordered a burger, which was more like a single slider in size.  I ordered it medium, because I like it a little pink and it came well-done (see photo).  Once presented to the server, he in all terms did not give a shit.  Strike two.  Strike three will encompass what the general feeling from the time we walked it to when we left.  When we order, the first thing out of the servers mouth was, we are out of most of our inventory.  OUT!! A weekend in NOLA.  Basically a holiday weekend at that, Dec 27.  How do you not know how to stock up, especially since these are not just in NOLA but other places.  Is the managers at this location dumb or special?  What gives it the three strike was when my wife wanted a side of Ranch for her meal.  Guess what the answer was on that one....OUT OF RANCH!  How the fuck do you run out of ranch?  Even better, I asked for another bottle of ketchup because my ran out and I will let you guess what the answer was on that one.  So my first and only visit to this awful location of NOLA.  Please people, go somewhere else, there are so many better places in NOLA to spend your time, money and vacation at.  This restaurant sucks, the service sucks and the food sucks.  And really the only reason I even tried this place because it was across the street from my hotel.  So a big middle finger to this restaurant.Nice choice of beers and good people watching in the outdoor seating!Great atmosphere and drinks, the food however needs a serious revamping. Medium steaks brought out well done, with serious attitude from staff when corrected on mistake. Margherita pizza with obviously not fresh tomatoes. Oh, and the prices significantly overpriced for the area. Do yourself a favor and just get some beignets at cafe Dumonde instead.Stopped in for a late night bite since this was close to my hotel and had to order from the bar. I kind of was disappointed that the menu selection was so limited. However, I ordered the fresh plump burger and garlic fries which had me licking my fingers. I have never had garlic fries before and found the smell and taste to be intoxicating. I will definitely order again. Great job GB for getting me to try something different and completely fall in love with it.Visited tonight and was very impressed.  Everything we ordered was excellent and the service was awesome!  They have a great menu and big TVs in the bar area!Here for Amerivespa. Got back to room late and was looking for a place to eat around 10pm. Found out they were open until midnight and according to yelp reviews worth looking at. This place is right next to the Hilton which was a big plus. Prices were decent compare to other places we've been to do far. Had southwestern egg rolls. Yum. Husband has gruyere grill cheese with house made chips. He enjoyed his meal too. We would return to try other items on the menu.The elderflower cocktail
The cob flatbread
Bad ass Mai Tai s
Nuff said
This is a cool place I always include in my bar crawl for an appetizer and cocktailSo, I actually didn't high hopes for this place, especially from checking out the reviews before visiting. I worried for nothing! I actually had a pleasant time. Was going to a show at Harrah's so wanted to eat somewhere close.  Walked in and immediately seated, no wait time whatsoever. Truly friendly staff, waitress helped with our orders gave us some great recommendations and even gave me an opportunity to taste a sauce which I loved.
For appetizer we had crab and artichoke dip. Very yummy and creamy and on my favorite crostini. Came out in just enough time to make a starving shercole all strong again lol.  For Entree, I went with a Kobe Cheeseburger. This was my first Kobe burger and it was yummy! I put some of their Marzen sauce on there and I wanted to do my happy food dance. It was paired with garlic fries. Never had them before was surprised I actually liked them. Although we really didn't need anymore food we tried the Warm Apple Bread Pudding Taster. It was so yummy and made me want to go snuggle up in a bed afterwards.
I had a good experience here.Really good beer.... German style backbone and have added IPA and Belgian.   Delicious burgers.   Great fish tacos.  I like hot wings so I would encourage them to have a variety of sauces...  my wings were good not outstanding.  Great service from Rodney with great outside seating.We went in last night after spending some time & money @ Harrahs. We had eaten earlier but had a few drinks at the Casino & wanted to have a nite to eat before heading home. We ordered the pepperoni pizza and I have to say it was one of the best pizzas I've ever had.  We have eaten here before and love the salads. My husband loves their craft beers. Service food $ drinks were all very good.Very good food and perfect if you eat late! Open til midnight with a full menu available, you won't be disappointed. The ambiance is very modern. From where I say I could see right in the kitchen. I tried not to look bcz I didn't want to see anything that would turn me off. My meal was really good. I had the citrus chicken with asparagus & mashed potatoes. The chicken was well seasoned and moist. The massive pile of garlic mashed potatoes was quite tasty. The asparagus could've used a sprinkling of salt & pepper. I'd eat there again!Had the worst ever lunch from there today. Co- worker had to go downtown today and offered to buy lunch and bring it back for us. I ordered the grilled shrimp skewers with rice cake. It was ice cold and had some sort of batter ( can't understand why they were supposed to be grilled) that wasn't cooked on the outside. The shrimp were small not jumbos. It was so disgusting that even my co workers wouldn't taste it! I don't even think the cat would eat it! Total waste! I had to throw it away!Very difficult place for me to ever go back to. The facility is awesome. However, the bar is grossly understaffed - they had two bartenders for a busy Sunday football crowd. They were working hard but still took about 15 minutes to get a drink. Servers are typically also harried and rude. We asked for a table and they said wait was about 45 minutes despite us counting at least 10 totally empty tables in the restaurant. Doesn't appear as though management is really that interested in the customer.Great atmosphere and of course the Beer is AWESOME!!!
We only stopped in for a couple of drinks this night, they where holding a fund raising event for a Children's organization, so they had a $3 donation with free beer until the keg was empty... and the beer was really good!!!  Plus they had Free Wings and Fries to go with the beer...   
There was a DJ playing some music that set the atmosphere along with the bar scene.  
I will definitely be back when I have more time.Food was a BIG disappointment !! To say the least. I feel sorry for tourists that get sucked into eating here. I ordered a burger, well done. Both that came out were red raw in middle. Server was extremely AWESOME!! Food an utter disappointmentI enjoyed this brewery. I learned that it can be found in several cities but this was my first experience so it was new to me. The beers were pretty good and I enjoyed a few apps for happy hour. I definitely recommend going for happy hour. They had a perk for checking in on Yelp so be sure to look for that if you visit this place.I came here for lunch with my coworker, and I had the grilled chicken sandwich with the garlic fries.  The fries were just as I remembered them, but the chicken sandwich was a bit dry and under seasoned.  The waiter that we had seemed to be in a hurry to get us out, and did a terrible job.  My coworker needed to use the restroom once we were seated, and the server came over 3 times to ask if I was ready to order.  I informed him that I was waiting on my coworker who stepped away, but he still did not seem to get it.  I have zero patience for stupidity like that.During the visit to NOLA we visited Gordon Biersch several times. The outdoor seating and friendly staff made it a go-to place for happy hour! And with the free fries with a Yelp checkin, who can complain?It was alright. Nothing special. Wish we would have went somewhere else. I had the chicken schnitzel. Chicken was great the schnitzel was not cooked correctly. Didn't care for our server, not very friendly. Wouldn't come here again or recommend it to anyone.went on a sunday.  bleh.  it was like I was doing THEM a favor by eating there.  
had a shrimp po-boy- very average.  prices higher than Vegas. 
football games were so loud I could not have a conversation with gf at table.  we were both annoyed at the whole thing.  
so, if you have no other options, then you know up front. 
if you have options, skip it.Great service, beautiful restaurant, food was mediocre at best. Great place for drinks, sports on TV, happy hour! The food is doused in sauce, oil and/or salt. Also tried the triple chocolate brownie which was unfortunately stale.  Truly disappointed.Horrible. Sat down at a dirty table. Been here now for 20 mins and haven't had any wait staff stop. About 8 different people have passed and looked. Bye.I wanted to like this place but it was just ok. I had a grilled cheese with bacon that was ok.  My husband said the burger was ok.  "Legendary" fries were OK. Beer was a little watery which was disappointing since it was made in-house.  Service was ok. Too many other great places to eat in NOLA to settle for ok.I've got this place figured out.  Seriously.  If you like steak and you like beer, just follow my advice and you will dig it.  
Step 0) Don't go here if you're a tourist who wants to eat good New Orleans food.  This is a chain, not a foodie destination.  Adjust your expectations accordingly.  
Step 1) Don't order anything except the steak frites, medium rare with au jus over garlic fries.  For some reason they can nail this every time and it is good.  The steak comes out cool in the center, the fries are covered in meat grease and garlicy and the steak sauce gives the whole thing a nice little tanginess.  Don't order any other food.  If you want an appetizer then split a steak frites.  If you want a salad then get the steak frites.  If you want dessert get the steak frites.  I'm serious.  I've had almost everything that this place has to offer and all of it sucks, except the steak frites.  Get the steak frites.  Get the steak frites.  Get the steak frites. 
Step 2) Enjoy a beer or eight.  I know the brew master here and he's a very good brewer.  He really appreciates the German styles that he brews, even though they're  mandated by corporate.  I think he nails the quintessential wheat beer and his Schwarzbier is one of my absolute favorites.   The Golden Export is bullshit and tastes like fizzy water.  The Marzen is very drinkable.  The Czech Pilsner is kind of boring.  The Oktoberfest (the seasonal as I write this) is decent.  
And that's all there is to it.  Eat the steak frites and drink beer.  Enjoy.Steak was burned, potatoes were cold. Not impressedFinally, a place I am comfortable recommending. 
Atmosphere      80      Hip, up to date eatery
Service             80      Professional and attentive
Food                80      What you might expect
Value               80       Once again, nothing to write home about but fair
If you are looking for something different and you happen to wonder away from the French Quarter you might try this eatery. Nothing fancy - but it is wholesome, plain and the beer is great.Beers are really good (if you can get served) and the restaurant is a nice escape on a hot summers day.
Sat at the bar and took too long to get served with half empty seats. Bartender clearly didn't give a shit.
Ordered the sampler beers and wasn't asked what kind of beers I like, just a predetermined selection poured with little care, splashed out over the bar top.
Eventually was able to order the fish and chips that arrived in good time, alas the fries were cold, the fish must have been sticking out of the fryer and a couple were uncooked in the ends. The coleslaw tasted vinegary.
I loved the Marzen beer, but would not eat here again.My boyfriend and I went out for a late dinner after work. I'd been to the restaurant before, as well as another in the chain, and enjoyed the food and drinks as well as the service. This was not the case on this visit. Our waitress, Janis, was rude and not helpful at all. She threw our menus down on the table, took ages to take our order, and didn't even bring us water with our drinks. After dropping off our food she didn't come to check how it was at all - my boyfriend's burger was burnt to a crisp (he asked for well done, not burnt) and lacking the bleu cheese he'd ordered on it. At the end of our visit he hadn't even eaten much. Janis took our plates quickly and said 'you must be full' rather than asking if there was a problem. After dropping off the check, she came back three times in the following two minutes to see if we had it ready. Why couldn't she be so attentive when bringing our food? 
All in all our experience was horrendous. My veggie burger was delicious but the service was terrible and they messed up a simple bleu cheese burger in two ways. If we ever decide to give this restaurant another try, Janis had better not be there or we will walk out.Went in for a late night snack and drink. Hit the spot. I love the garlic fries and HefeweizenThe outside in Canal St looks very appealing, sadly the service inside in appaling. We had a party of three. We were placed on a dirty unwiped table, we was then asked to order drinks (which we did as time was not on our side). After our drinks came then then took our drinks away when they cleaned the table (they didn't return them), we finally got new drinks after three requests. The food was very average, the garlic fries were more gralic than fries and the burgers were of poor quality. never go there again!Very good for enjoying a beer in a terrace.  They brew their own beers which all won medals. Food on the standard American style level, nothing especial. Pizza and my house salad were eatable, but not delicious, I have eaten better ones. Definetly try the beers but don't think the food will be the same quality as their beer.We stopped here for some beers and it was fine. The atmosphere is like a sports bar, which is fine. Service was competent. In looking at the menu and the food around us, my impression was that the food is overpriced and it did not look very good, at least the burgers and pizza and the usual stuff people get at a bar. The wife and I agreed we would not want to eat here. 
That said, the beer list is not extensive but interesting and I had a good czech pilsner.A HUGE THANK YOU to the entire staff at Gordon Biersch Brewery Restaurant in NOLA!!    My company recently held an event for approximately 200 people (bought out the place) and it was a tremendous success!  Not only were they easy to work with (long distance arrangements) in the planning of this party, they were so helpful and accommodating to our every need. The staff was in my opinion the best I've worked with (and I've planned 13 events in the past 6 years)... the food was absolutely delicious, bartenders kept the party running smoothly (with selected wines and specialty beers - of which won 2 awards at the Great American Beer Festival in Denver), and the DJ rocked the place!  A special THANK YOU to the ladies that helped me check in 200 guests... made my life so easy... and to Priscilla - thanks for putting up with me for the past 3 months you're the best.   The party was an overwhelming success and hailed as "one of our best parties" by the guests!  Visit this place if you are ever in NOLA...staff, spirits and food... fabulous...  you will not be sorry!!Our appetizer came out at the same time as the entree. I wouldn't have minded if the server would have done something to make up for it. Instead, our entrees just sat on the table while we hurried to eat the appetizer. The food was mediocre, kind of like an upgraded Chili's. In my opinion, not worth the money.Delicious food! I recommend the Lobster and Shrimp Mac-and-cheese,  which can be split between 2 people! The service was so fast and friendly. The atmosphere was fine and clean. There was many yummy and creative menu options,  too. Great for a date!I don't typically eat at chain restaurants when I'm out of town but was in a hurry. Our server, Melodie, was great and very professional. The food was fantastic and the actual restaurant was very clean (sometimes hard to find in New Orleans during Mardi Gras).It is a chain restauraunt, buit they make beer so i'm conflicted. The garlic fries were good and the panini i got was a little greasy, but good. theservice was quick and friendly. They do validate parking do thats a plus.Ate here a few years back and LOVED this place. Raved about it to all our friends. Had some of the best gumbo too! Returned on our last trip to NOLA and we were extremely disappointed in the food and the service. Will not be back again.Great food and beer. Trevor was a prompt and accommodating waiter. The craft brews were plentiful.Meh. Ate here with a group of 20. They seated us right away on a Tuesday evening so they get points for seating us rapidly being such a big group. One waiter for the whole table (poor guy).
He took our app and drink order right away and was back quickly to take the food order. However, the drinks took FOREVER to come out. I mean FOREVER. One of our guys got up and went to the bar to buy a beer himself because it was taking so long.
One VERY impressive factor was that all of our food came out at the same time. ALL of it, for all 20 of us. Food was average. Not great but not awful. Just average.I love this place! Lots of food options, so it's good for large groups that need to please everyone. The beer is good too. It's a little pricey though.A very unremarkable, bland chain restaurant. They offer free garlic fries as a yelp app check-in special so there you go, GB really did buy my love, if my love is a three star review. The waitress snippily let me know that they only carry "their beers" and not an Abita, so boom, I was roasted there on the spot. Their Marzen is actually not that bad if you have already been drinking earlier in the afternoon/morning. 
In all seriousness, it is an acceptable chain restaurant if you get tired of local fare. The garlic fries are free so my standards were low - they were good eatin' for drunk food.Um yeah. I have now eaten here and I can say with full certainty that this place sucks. We ordered the burger medium and naturally it came medium well. This is irritating mainly because I only eat red meat once a week, so this was my one shot and it  was terrible.
Before the burger, we got the egg roll appetizer. It was okay. I mean, it was as decent as deep fried frozen egg rolls can be. The beer? The beer was a "no" and had ZERO flavor. To refer to this place as a "brewery" is a joke. All of the beer tastes the same and just makes me sad.We had lunch here yesterday and we came back today.
There is a nice selection of beers at very reasonable prices. Good food and good service. Great value.We came here because we are lazy and we were staying at the hotel right across the block. Also we were hungry. Also we were probably drunk.
I was shocked to learn that Gordon Biersch is actually the name of Gordon from Sesame Street. He's the guy who owns and runs this place. I honestly couldn't believe it! I guess things went pretty well for him. That's good to hear. I always like to hear good news about people I knew back when I was young.
My friend Jeff had his first hamburger with a fried egg on it. Man. I wish I remember when I had my first one. It's like the first time you have sex without a condom.
You just keep asking yourself, "how can I ever go back to the old way?"
You can't. You just can't.Excellent as usual.  The Maibock never disapoints, always one of their strongest seasonal.
Great for small bites and craft brews.This location is definitely tops on my fav list.  Never disappoints even during events. Amazing service, friendly-flow off the charts tonight.  Stop in... if by chance you catch Jeff in the bar area...you're #winning ~ patio dining available on those beautiful evenings!Excellent lite microbrew beer, cool place to watch the game and have a beverage with friends.Friends, food and football. And beer. That was the on the menu for last night. Bunch of guys talking football and watching the HOF game.  I had never been here, but I thought the interior space was nice for a glorified brewhouse. 
I also thought the service was a little slow, but the NY strip was pretty good. The Cobb salad looked much better than my Chicken Caesar salad. They do validate, so park in the Harrah's garage (enter on Convention Center Blvd) and take elevator down to first floor. Kinda pricey.There is a reason why it has three stars on Yelp. Below average food and below average service. Word of advise, listen to yelpers; I wish I had.Meal was okay. My issue was the cocktail. Ordered a long Island with cranberry and first one was good. Second was pure cranberry. Asked waiter for a shot to substitute. I was then charged 7.50 for the shot basically the price of the drink. Then noticed my glass had a huge Crack in it. Nobody cared.