How do I put this...? If aunt Bea decided to open a hipster millennial foodie cafe next to Floyd's barbershop in downtown Mayberry, it wouldn't be much different from Gracious Café. The menu is limited, but more in the vein of "everything you need and nothing you don't" than "there's nothing to eat here!" There's a build your own breakfast sandwich, a few lunch sandwich choices, a soup or two, a salad or two, combinations of all the above, and a small but delectable assortment of fresh baked goods - muffins and cupcakes and cookies, oh my! The coffee selection (brewed coffee, espresso, bagged hit tea and chai varieties,) is good, as long as your favorite doesn't require a dissertation to describe, you should be good. Social climbing coffee snob skinny macchiato with sprinkles addicts give me a rash, anyway. The space is small and minimalist, but not uncomfortable, and it overlooks the St. Charles Avenue neutral ground, steps from a streetcar stop. There's free wifi. There's a cold case with bottled drinks and a small selection of beers. The staff is friendly, upbeat and efficient.I am impressed. I liked my quiche and almond croissant and I loved the selection. I couldn't decide on what to have so I panicked ordered my basics. But that that isn't what I came here to talk about. 
The man in front of me was VERY rude to the cashier in a number of ways. The cashier handled this situation beautifully. Every time he made a demand, she handled it with polite sincerity about what they could do. When it was my turn, I nearly complimented her on her patience, but the man was too close by. 
People be nice to those behind the counter. And well done Gracious Bakery on keeping your cool.Amazing bagels, baked selection is off the hook! Handmade, fresh, quality. Really outstanding food compared to many other coffee shops out there. Did I mention the bagels?!I don't know why it has taken me so long to check out Gracious Bakery. It's a nice ten minute stretch of the leg from my house, so I went this morning. Soooo glad that I did. There were so many delicious looking choices! But I had my heart set on a bagel and cream cheese. The bagel was perfect! Airy on the inside and just the right amount of crusty on the outside. The roasted vegetable cream cheese was amazing. I'd eat it right out of the container. Luckily there was a perfect amount smeared to save me from temptation. I will definitely be adding this to my weekend mornings. Can't wait to try the Bacon & Cheese croissant and many more!Got an Iced Cafe Breve and Iced Vanilla Latte to drink and a build your own breakfast sandwich on green onion bread. I did not think I would like the green onion bread but it turned out to be perfect. Everything was delicious!Great food. Small portions for the cost of the chicken salad. Staff very friendly. If you are really hungry go elsewhere. Will try again!Awesome breakfast sandwiches. They were made with egg whites which is a little different and the menu didn't specify it. I loved it though.Perfect for a Sunday afternoon lunch. And the staff was so friendly! The name is quite apropos.DO NOT order fresh cut fruit. They are not fresh. Period. I was given another cup of fruit but the grapes were sour. Twice they got it wrong. 
I was told the fruits were cut fresh every morning. Yeah, but if you are not buying quality fruits, it doesn't matter. 
Very disappointed. Will never go back.As with the other locations this incarnation of Gracious isn't big on ambiance but the pastries and food are really good.  Smoked Ham and Meatloaf sandwiches are virtually impossible to beat but just about everything is excellent.  Only issue recently has been a quiche my wife ordered which had a nice crust and pretty good texture but was lunch meat ham instead of the infinitely better French style lardons plus the cheese was imperceptible so I was told she wouldn't order it again.  On the pastry side, the croissants are beautifully lacquered and as good as anything you'll find in Paris or anywhere in France. And when you see canneles you must get them - yes, they look dark and maybe "burned" on the outside but that means they're perfect and will be nice & crispy on the outside while custardy inside.  The best you're likely to find outside of Bordeaux.  Pain au chocolat is also very well made, and baguettes are maybe the best in town through they're very large so it would be great if they offered a half size or just cut them in half like they do in France and sell as a demi baguette for maybe 60% of the price.  Win-win.
It's a very convenient location for many at 6th & St. Charles so by all means stop in.  Certainly it's possible to go wrong occasionally but Gracious Bakery is about as good as you'll get.We arrived around 8 am and there was already people lined up to the door! We got a variety of baked goods - all delicious! A huge fan of the bacon croissant and savory brioche.Visiting NOLA for a conference. Took the St Charles St trolley to the Garden District. Stopped for a cold brew and fig ricotta bread. Unbelievably delicious coffee cake style pastry: moist, local fig with complex sweetness. Airy clean and pretty space. Gracious counter service. If you're checking out the mansions and live oaks in the Garden District, strong recommendation to hit up Gracious. Wish I had time to try house cured salmon or ham sandwich.Gracious Cafe is great.  (Pastry review below)  Order the Build-a-Breakfast Sandwich and do this:  1.  white cheddar biscuit, 2. house smoked cheddar, 3. garlic aioli and add arugula. It will light up your mouth.  
My 9 year-old: "Tell them the cinnamon roll was like getting an award from the president."  My 7 year-old: "the best bear claw I've ever had in my life."
Coffee is from French Truck. You literally cannot get any better roasted coffee than that in New Orleans. 
The pastries all look amazing.  I'd like to try everything on the menu. 
*Update:   I tried the pastry.  Omg.  Rosemary baked into the flaky flaky danish dough and lemon curd in the middle with a surprising piece of candied orange peel on top.  Unreal.  Now I think the pastries are the strength of this place.  They're baked in their own commissary and brought in 3x day.  Savory cruffin is so flavorful it's like an entree.  
Coffee is still really awesome.  They don't do au laits, though.  (But did I mention the pastry is great???). If you need a café au lait - chicory with hot milk, go a couple blocks over to Still Perkin'.)Great local coffee shop/bakery.  Stopped in for coffee and a bagel, staff was friendly, food and drink awesome - location is terrific.  I will be back!Nice little bakery with delicious, fresh breakfast sandwiches in the Garden District. Friendly, prompt service. Excellent pastries. A good place to spend a lazy morning. Very good coffee too. A nice place for locals. Tourists staying in the area are well advised to check it out.Cute little cafe in the Garden District! We spent our morning walking around admiring all the beautiful homes and stopped here for coffee and treats. Friendly staff and everything was delicious!I have been to Gracious Bakery + Cafe (the St. Charles location), several times and have never been disappointed.
The staff are cheerful, courteous and helpful. The tables are bussed, and the unisex restroom clean.
We started our day here, and ordered a Butterscotch Pretzel Blondie ($3.50), a Dulce de Leche Brownie ($3.50), and a Zesty Blood Orange Diet Coke. The breakfast of champions!
The Gracious Bakery + Cafe. Four Stars.A really nice space with friendly staff. The menu looked great. I had a good sweet roll and a dirty chai that had really good flavor but was barely warm. I'll be back for lunch.I'm still trying to figure out how I feel about this place. Most importantly, what sets them apart from the others? I can't think of anything that stands out. It's an average cafe with the usual caffeinated beverages of your choice. Also, a breakfast/lunch type menu for solids. Although I do remember them not actually cooking food until after a certain time oddly. I think it was round like 10 or 11 when they actually cook food instead of only offering pastries. I would consider it over priced too being that their isn't anything unique. They do have free wifi which is sparse on that section of St Charles. I'll give it a third try one of these days and update my review including that visit in detail.Ordered an egg sandwich on cheddar biscuit with basil pesto, Munster cheese, bacon and spinach. It was amazing! My wife had chicken salad on greens. A little small but was delicious. If you're touring the garden district this is a great small place for a quick snack or light meal.Good coffee, great atmosphere, nice neighborhood. Good pastries too. It was very nice to sit outside and enjoy the neighborhood. We got the scone and croissant, very good but not the best.I went with a group of six and everyone loved it!  I got the grilled cheese (with pears, cranberries and Muenster). It was delicious. The cold brew is also very good. For a quick brunch or lunch bite this is a no brained stop. The only reason I gave it a 4 is because one in our party ordered the quiche which took about 20 mins or so. As we were waiting for the quiche they told her it takes a little while because it starts off so cold. It would have been better to know upon ordering. By the time it came out we were close to finished with our plates. She said it wasn't even that warm inside. I might give the quiche a second thought, but the grilled cheese, chicken salad, and pulled pork were all great options.The bakery goods all look delicious. Cream of artichoke soup was stringy and I didn't much like the flavor either. Green onion cheese biscuit was tasty. Lots of customers so this location on st Charles Ave is catching on.We stopped in for an impromptu lunch and were glad we had a chance to try it! The grilled cheese was fabulous and the generous side salad was light and fresh. The service was also excellent - normally I don't expect good service at little cafes but everyone was friendly and attentive. (The view of St. Charles and the streetcar was also a nice bonus!)Breakfast sandwich (create-your-own) is fabulous!! Amazing homemade white cheddar biscuit! Fresh pastries are all under or around $4. Great morning quick stop!Wow!  A real deal authentic BAGEL!  Crispy on the outside with that chewy middle and the flavor of the yeast coming through.  MmmmmCute. Simple.  Close to our rental. Beautiful walk up St. Charles. I had build your own egg sandwich which was light and perfect with a coffee.  Staff is super nice.great place to grab a quick bite on a visit to he garden district and Lafayette cemetery.I'm so happy you opened in my neighborhood.  I bought a big box of various pastries today and am in heaven.  We had salami and cheese sandwiches on your baguette it was fresh and delicious. I gobbled up a rich tasty croissant stuffed with crawfish and bechamel sauce.  I just finished off one of the best cream puffs in my life and almost had an epiphany it was soooo yum.  Saving an eclair and carrot cake for later.  Good thing Im not testing my sugar today Im going to polish off this whole box lol it was soooo good.  The prices are good considering the quality of their food.Wow! What a pleasant surprise.  We decided to grab breakfast before we left for Georgia
 The cappuccinos were delicious and genuine.  Muy husband foot the salmon and claimed he member had better and my egg, muenster, aioli, arugula and sausage sandwich on green onion bread was over the top yum.  We took chocolate almond croissant, a bear claw and a cinnamon roll for the long drive home and the pastries did not disappoint.  Had we found this earlier we would have been there for more meals!We noticed this spot after completing a walking tour in the area, and went in for a quick bite. It was about 20 minutes before the bakery closed at 4PM. The cashier mentioned the closing time twice while we ordered, even suggesting we get our food to go. She came by once more to remind us they were closing soon, and even loudly placed her keys in the door as another reminder. We quickly ate and left at 4:01PM. The turkey on focaccia was great and the s'mores cheesecake was even better. However, the service was far from "gracious."Gracious Cafe is great.  My family came for breakfast. When you order the Build-a-Breakfast Sandwich, do this:  1.  white cheddar biscuit, 2. house smoked cheddar, 3. garlic aioli and add arugula. It will light up your mouth.  
My 9 year-old said "Tell them the cinnamon roll was like getting an award from the president."  The 7 year-old said it was "the best bear claw I've ever had in my life."
Coffee is from French Truck. You literally cannot get any better roasted coffee than that in New Orlea
The pastries all look amazing.  I'd like to try everything on the menu.The cheese biscuit breakfast sandwich was amazing! Very eclectic atmosphere, which in the garden district was a nice change of scenery. Great place for a quick bite or cup of coffee.I'm really tempted to say that this is the best bakery in Nola but I'll leave that up to you to decide. There's a reason why its called "Gracious". I went here for the first time today and I had the best customer service  that I have ever experienced in a cafe setting. I ordered two pastries and when I asked if there was water, the barista offered to make a cup of ice water for me even though there weren't any "official" water cups. And when I was about to pay for the treats, she threw in an extra pastry for good measure. (All the pastries were amazing and warmed to perfection-I had the carmelized onion bread and the cinnamon cruffin.)
Also-and this is just a personal thing-their music was on point! I don't know if it was because I was the only one there or what, but their playlist had all these really great alternative tracks that were clearly stolen from my iTunes library...Well. I should say maybe this place is amazing but the girl working the counter acting like we were a problem. This place provides the baked goods for French truck and French truck provides the coffee (they don't carry the same almond milk). Anyway-head to French truck for service with a better attitude to get the goods. Food options did look good though.I just had a feta spinach croissant because the espresso machine wasn't working today but it was amazing. Like the best croissant of my life. So I needed to share that.This is the BEST cafe in New Orleans! !  I came into town yesterday and found this on the street car. What a Find!!!  The service, the smiles and the food was excellent. Kelly, Patrice and Felicia were so good that I bought a t-shirt before I left!!  DeliciousFolks at the book store recommended this place for a quick lunch before going on a Graveyard tour.  
We all ordered Sandwiches, everything was fresh, they were wonderful!  The Meatloaf sandwich was excellent!  Next time in NOLA would eat here again.  The staff was very nice too  :)The savory cuffin is pretty good, but the latte is too hot (like boiling).Great little bakery fits well in the neighborhood, amazing bakery selection, we had a huge challenge deciding.Now the bagels suck.   What??  Thrice I have been there recently and the bagels went from best to dog turd.A quaint and quiet local cafe with delicious pastries and great coffee. As an added bonus, there's no music playing so you're free to enjoy the sounds of the Garden District.Awesome place for a late breakfast or just the snack between. Short menu, but all self made just for you. Fit prefect in garden district.We came across this little place while walking around the Garden District. Cute little bakery set right on the corner of St. Charles. Pastries were good and so was the service. We got there 45 min before closing and a lot had already been picked over...but what we ended up getting was pretty darn good.Lovely stop for a light lunch.  Baked goods abound!
Salads and sandwiches are well prepared and quite good.Wow, best surprise in the the Garden District. We were out riding our bikes enjoying the day and we can across this bakery and decided to take a break. Everything we ordered was delicious and it was a clean, comfortable and friendly place.Great place to grab a drink from the variety of options in the reach-in coolers or get a quick sandwich and salad. It was nice to have a more healthy and fresh option rather than eating fried food... again. I tried the pastrami sandwich and got the creamy herb dressing on the side salad. Both were good, loved the fresh dill pickle and Creole mustard on the sandwich and the salad dressing was delicious. I think you can buy the dressing bottled, too. The pastries looked tasty and the staff was friendly, worth a visit!I love coming in here! The place is bright and spacious, and everything I've gotten to eat or drink has been delicious! The staff is also super friendly, especially the barista Erika is really great! Will definitely keep coming here, it's right by the streetcar line on St Charles, with additional spots outside to sit and hang out.I have been looking for a bakery near my apartment that would serve some fine baguettes and I believe that I have found the right spot for me! 
This place is not far from my apartment at all, and with that convenience, I am able to pick up some fresh bakery goods. How fresh you ask? The baguette was nice and crispy on the outside and super fresh on the inside. With butter, it was a delicious treat. I could not help myself when it came to purchasing the other items. The croissants were phenomenal! super flaky and buttery goodness. The donut was fresh and that brownie was to die for. The iced coffee was just that type of pep I needed to make it through the day.
I am glad to have found a bakery that is not only close by, but really exceeds the mark on baking! Go try it out, you will not be dissapointed!There are three locations of Gracious Bakery and Café in NOLA. My friends and I loved this spot.  The downside is parking. You just need to find a spot in the adjoining neighborhood and walk a bit.  No worries.  The café is casual and you can take away or eat in.  The interior dining area is spacious and there are several tables to take a seat at.  I loved the selection of beer, wine, and other non alcoholic items that you could grab from the freezer and purchase with your order.  This is the perfect spot for a quick healthy breakfast or lunch.  You walk to the counter, place your order, and then wait for your item to be walked to your table or called.  The staff were incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. They don't have many gluten free items, but they quickly pointed out my options.  I had a quinoa salad, that was seriously the best I have ever had. I don't like quinoa salads, and I actually liked this one!  They also had a gluten free chocolate cake/brownie that I purchased for later that melted in my mouth and was sinfully delicious.  Everyone in our group loved their items. The bread on my friend's sandwiches was fresh, and tasty they reported.  You could taste the fresh quality of the ingredients used here.  The coffee was also good. I would say this was the best cold brew coffee I have yet to try in NOLA.The Dulce De Leche Croissant will change your perception of both. The texture and color of the croissant is amazing. I recommend tearing it open to let the croissant aerate like a fine wine. Swirl it in your hand and stare at anyone staring at you and hold up said croissant  in the air with two hands like the presentation of Simba and enjoy!Their pastries are delicious and the staff is awesome. I've been here a few times as I use to live very close and I've never been disappointed. Breakfast sandwiches, cookies, cakes, muffins... you seriously can't go wrong! Also, everything is beautifulThey have a very friendly staff and a standard price point for proper pastry. They also carry a lot of unique items that are hard to find elsewhere in the city. I came here looking for the Galette Des Rois which they had advertised on Instagram but they were unfortunately out of stock. They very graciously (get it?) offered to call me when it was back on the shelves. I highly recommend any other their locations as it is one of the best bakeries in the city.We spent the morning walking/shopping in the Garden District and were looking for a place to eat...Yelp recommended the Gracious Bakery & Cafe...and we're glad we found it.
Prosciutto & Mozzarella Toast (Prosciutto di Parma with fresh mozzarella and fig jam on toast, $9) - the toast was thick crunchy yet still tasted fresh out of the oven, the fig jam was simply awesome, while the thin layer of melty mozzerella complimented the salty proscuitto.  The sandwich is topped with arugula, which I wouldn't have thought worked...but it totally did!
Salmon Bagel (house-cured salmon on bagel with arugula, lemon-caper cream cheese and red onion, $10) - the fresh toasty bagel, thin layer of cream cheese and super fresh salmon are standard winners, loved that the red onion was paper thin (instead of the normal thick rings)...this too was topped with arugula - never had that on a salmon bagel but the little bit of pepper flavor was perfect.Great food - Baked goods and sandwiches. Not much outdoor seating but a nice stop for a quick bite.Super awesome convenient grab and go sandwiches.  Best chicken salad I've ever had.  Friendly staff eager to help with a smile.  Clean restrooms are always a bonus.Everything about this place delights your senses. Great place to work, chat, study or grab a quick bite and sip to go.  Best brew, service rocks!Pastries were very good. Breakfast sandwich and coffee underwhelmed. Coffee had an odd flavor and we tried various forms. Service was attentive but almost hovering.red velvet cake
rich memorable cream.........not greasy
well-balaced flavor
nice cute place
Friendly staff :)We stumbled upon this place after our Garden District tour, and all I can say is WOW! One of the best salads I've ever had was their Farro Salad. It was AMAZING! My one friend and I both enjoyed this salad while our other friend loved her Roasted Tomato Caprese Sandwich. Their pastries were also delicious, and they had a nice selection of beverages, alcoholic and non-alcoholic, available. Definitely a great find! Now I just need to figure out how to make that salad....This was a perfect stop during our morning walk through New Orleans. We had a variety of pastries, and some delicious coffees. The ladies working were all smiles, and even played peek-a-boo a few times with our toddler. Awesome coffee shop!Great little place to have a quick sandwich when you're on the run in St. Charles street. Great sandwich and sitting outside, great to people watch!! Then you can just jump on the street car for your next stop.Love this little bakery and cafe. Such a warm and inviting atmosphere with delicious goodies at a reasonable price. My personal favorites are their croissants! SO dang good. My four year old loves their spinach and feta croissants.We decided to stop in here to grab a quick snack and a drink before going to Lafayette cemetery. OMG dulce de leche  donut was delicious. Perfect balance of sweet between the frosting and actual donut. They have a lot of other treats you can try along with some brunch type food items . If you are walking the garden District definitely give this place a try.Pleasant choice after touring the Garden District. Fresh salads and sandwich offerings, homemade bread and cookies/pastry choices. Nice alternative to po-boys, muffulettas and heavy, fried food.Great bakery! We had the donuts & cinnamon rolls which were fantastic. Build a sandwich with the onion bread was outstanding.Co workers and I were looking for some lunch spots to grab a quick bite and we had some of the best sandwiches and salads here. The focaccia bread was so fluffy an and airy and the baguette was just like a french men made it!Sweet little place to have a quick sandwich when you're on the run on St. Charles street. Great sandwich, but nothing memorable...and sitting outside, perfect to people watch!! Then you can just jump on the street car for your next stop.Holy crap. If I lived here you bet I would be coming to get some sort of baked good every damn day. We started with a rosemary lemon danish- OMG. So incredible and by far the best pastry I've ever had. Next up were the build your own breakfast sandwich. UGH SO GOOD. I got the egg, green onion bread, Munster cheese, and garlic aioli and just melted in my mouth. I'll be dreaming of these pastries... 10/10 must go. Oh also the staff was literally "gracious"- the cashier was so lovely and helped us start off our day with a smile. Thank you!First time here. Nice place good location historic building, definitely a locals vibe. Toast was a bit hard but the jam in it was delicious. I would come back to try lunch.Really good deli style food. Nice people. My pastrami sandwich was uniquely flavored. My wife's chicken salad equally tasty. Deserts to die for, literally blocks from the cemetery.Went here twice while visiting NOLA. I really wish we had a bakery like this at home in Essex! Staff was warm and welcoming, and the cold brew coffee was smooth and heavenly. My yogurt parfait was the perfect balance of creamy, tangy plain yogurt, crunchy granola, delicate honey drizzle... We also loved the strawberry cake and ham and cheese croissant. The ham has a rich smoked flavor and the cake was not too sweet. We will definitely be back next time we are in New Orleans!Mmm, mmm, good!  This bakery was a block from where we were staying and boy, were we in luck! Had the sweet potato bacon soup by accident and it was DELICIOUS!  Half chicken tarragon salad sandwich and it was a great lunch. The money I spent on the chai would've been better spent on trying out the pastry, which looked amazing. Plan on going back to try it and the brunch menu,  before our trip is over.....I picked up a cherries jubilee king cake today for a work meeting. It was delicious! A sure crowd pleaser. This king called is closest to what my mom made growing up in the area. It's a traditional brioche with a fancy sprinkle flare that goes against the usual overdone purple, green, and gold sugars. The filling was just enough with nice dark cherries. Would definitely buy again.Can I pick this place up and take it to Jax? I really enjoyed this coffee shop right around the corner of my BnB. Great atmosphere, coffee, assorted breakfast items, and some of the neatest people you'll ever watch. I'll definitely be coming back to this place.An amazing find. We wandered in at random, hoping for a good cup of coffee and a decent breakfast. They were pretty easily able to exceed those expectations. The place is really quaint, with a clean and fun atmosphere. We ordered the twice baked French toast, and let me tell you, this place is worth a stop for the French toast alone. Best French Toast I've ever had. The coffee was great, the pastries all looked amazing, and the customer service was excellent. They were very sweet the whole time, but there was a mix up which resulted in our food being delayed. We didn't mind at all, but they offered to let me and my date take a free pastry at the end to make up for the wait. 
All in all, we loved it, and were glad we made the stop. And if you find yourself on St. Charles St, do yourself a favor, and check Gracious bakery out!My moms and I are visiting from Texas and we stopped here and had the egg sandwiches, which were melt in your mouth fantastic! We also got two pastries that were flaky and crispy just like in France! Would defiently come back!I had popped into this location of Gracious Bakery once before but it was carnival time and they had a very limited menu. I finally stopped by again this past Saturday and it's a great small shop.
There's less seating than the other 2 locations but I find this space the homiest... maybe because it's in an older building. The staff were really friendly and helpful. 
I bought a couple of pastries. (Is it health to want frangiopane at every meal?) And, of course, I bought a King Cake. They have 5 or 6 varieties and I went with the almond filled queen cake. Oh YUM! The filling was a really light almond paste that just made the cake supermoist and delicious.
I need to stop by and actually have a meal here sometime... but I'll wait until after Mardi Gras day for that.I saw an ad for gracious banana foster king cake and thought that sounds good. Well I brought one and it sounded better than it taste.
There was no hint of bananas, it was dry. I paid 27.00 but it was only worth 15.00 max. If this is an indication of their products, I will not be a repeat customer.Had a tasty pastrami sandwich with a side salad. Quick, friendly service. Pleasant environment.