Great combination Lo Mein ask for spicy
Fast service
Good customer service 
Convenient
Easy to get to
Easy to park
Fairly clean
Definitely no frills
Affordable: 2 can eat for under $10
Good egg rollsThis place is good, and the food is of quality... I've only had one bad experience here, other than that I've been pleased for the last few years! Maybe the one bad experience was a super busy day! Idk!I order from this restaurant around 5pm on Sunday! Very impressed with the service. The food was great and the delivery was fast. I only wish that the min 25 dollars for delivery was lower. Otherwise, great place for Chinese food :)There's a little extra oomph in the Chinese here than most others in Orleans Parish; at least on this side of the river. If there's one thing I'll give the Westbank credit for, it's their Chinese food options. However, we're in Gentilly with it and Great Wok has something that keeps me coming back. 
I've only had their General Tso plate, and it's one of my favorite places to get a plate of that caliber. The chicken (compared to some others) taste like chicken throughout. Maybe it's just me, but ever had a plate of "chicken" from a Chinese joint that a few pieces out of it don't taste or even have the same texture as chicken is supposed to? Well here I find that not only is it flavorful, but even in its sauce, the meat has a good little crunch to it.
Their rice I find myself woofing down on in a ravenous fury of ingestion. I sub the pork for shrimp-fried rice and they are not those tiny little frozen shrimps either. I will say tho, eating inside here would not be my first choice. The dining area is not my type of environment, really. Why would you want to anyway with the beautiful city park less than a half mile away?
Staff seems nice, I always order to pick up so my interaction with them is brief but in the years I've been coming here, they've been pleasant. I venture from Mid City from time to time to pay them a visit, today might be a good day for another.
Perhaps I'll try the wings...Do NOT eat here! The food was good. Pretty good customer service but I got food poisoning :-( I'm feeling TERRIBLEThe kid working the cash register honestly was so rude. He got my order wrong and when I corrected him he mouthed off to me and said "you said you wanted 2 of *item* and *item* I know that's what you said." I just said no. Just 1. Then he says my card is declined. It wasn't. It says the card was invalid. Meaning he swiped it wrong. I asked him to try again and he mumbled under his breath "I don't know what you think trying again is gonna do but whatever" he swipes again and surprise surprise it goes through no problem. If I had been in the mood to drive some where else I would have just left. I brought this too the attention of the manager and she apologized and had him apologize as well which I appreciated. But then my order was missing part of the order. I don't think I'll be going back because this trip was such a disaster but I do appreciate the manager taking charge of the situation.No kidding this is the best egg roll I've eaten in New Orleans!!! The staff were super polite in fact the most polite restaurant staff I've encountered in Gentilly. So glad we found good Chinese takeout in our hood!Great Chinese food. Recommended by a Chinese classmate. 
Always order Chicken broccoli. Service takes about 10 minutes. Always comes hot with condiments. Have heard other places in Orleans Parish are not great for Chinese takeout but Great Wok never disappoints.
I've ordered here over ten times.The egg rolls are soooo good! Best around. I got the sesame chicken with fried rice and it was also very good. Very surprised how fast it was ready and they have a drive thruThe food here is always fresh and hot! I've gone through the drive thru and the service is just the same. The customer service is always great. I love the soups here, they're always piping hot. The Boneless chix is a must. The lo mien is great with healthy(a lot) ingredients. This spot never disappoints.We take out here about once a week. Very good, not greasy and very reasonably priced hole in the wall. The counter girl is very sweet and always remembers our order.what happened here?  whoa.   you have changed.  it looks really nice here inside, but I miss my young girl who worked the counter.  she was so sweet.    
for all the work you did in here it looks nice, but your bathroom is a lawsuit waiting to happen.   super greasy floors that stuck to my shoes, and then became an ice rink after I walked back into the main room.     wow.  someone could fall and hurt themselves.   
the portions are different.  
food is good tho.  but a baby's butt on the counter of where you stick food to be served?  isn't a good idea.  fact is?  its gross.   and talking about me in your language and staring at me?  didn't make me feel like I was welcome.   I tipped too before you even did that to me.   
a smile and a thank you goes a long way.   get over the fact that I asked for some hot sauce.
dunno if I'll be back.  used to come here all the time, but that was just mean spirited.Awesome little place and now my go-to for shrimp and vegetables, egg-rolls, and hot and sour soup, all of which are tasty here, for sure. I recommend it highly if you like the above. I lived very near a great place, China Garden, when I lived in Covington and had been looking for a similar spot now I'm on the Southshore. Well, I found it.Now this is great Chinese food‼ I ordered the Boneless chicken & shrimp fried rice & I gotta say, that's the best fried rice I have ever eaten. I might just start going here every single day. Their egg rolls are also perfect. The size of the shrimps are great. I know a lot of Chinese restaurants that use shrimps the size of peanuts in a sunflower seed. It's pointless to have shrimp in your fried rice & egg rolls if it's going to be that small. The only thing I didn't like is some type of brown sauce they have me to go with my food but I really don't like eating any type of sauce with my food unless it's some type of sauce with spice. I tried a little bit of the sauce, it really doesn't have a taste. It's a good thing that they put the brown sauce on the side.Had I known I was working within a 5 minute drive of this humble building I would be much fatter.  The fact that this restaurant even exists still given its low-traffic location speaks volumes about the food.
The General Tso chicken I am gorging myself on right now is crispy, delectably sweet, with just the right bite and homage to the sesame oil it is cooked in.  The pork lo-mein I am supplementing my General joy with is flavorful, porkful, and veggieful.  I am tickled pink to try my egg roll momentarily.
I was previously a "Yummy Yummy" guy, but will go the extra distance to get this, the finest Chinese food in the city, hands down, no competitors, 5 Happiness does not hold a candle to this happiness.Eight bucks for a ginormous portion of fried rice that fed two. Nice folks behind the counter and a perfect way to indulge on a massive late-night craving for Chinese.Great food, great price. the staff is really friendly. They make delicious dumplings and they even change the number of dumplings I want. I usually order 1.5 order of it as 1 order is too less and 2 is too much. Very helpful.
recommend: Hot and sour pork, dumplingMongolian beef is excellent. They are quick and make your food super fresh. I wish I lived closer and yet they are worth the drive.I wanted to love this place, because it offers delivery, not free delivery but it's a good option for a rainy day. The food was just ok...I've had better at a mall food court. The rice was a little hard in parts, and the chicken was so rubbery (looked more chunks of tripe), even my dog had trouble chewing it. The portions were small, packed into a small lunch container size...don't expect to have enough to share. If the dinner combo is small, can't imagine the lunch special. I did enjoy the spring and shrimp rolls..flavorful and crispy, and the low mein wasn't to bad either. Delivery was as promised.Food was not bad, but not great either.  Staff was very friendly, waiting time was short for the food.  The shrimp egg roll left something to be desired, but the veggie spring roll was palatable.  As another reviewer stated, the spice dishes were lacking in actual spiciness.
The inside of the building was mostly empty with only two tables and boxes piled up in sight.  
Overall, it's eatable food but I'm not sure I would go back.This place almost killed me. 
I called for take out and explained that I have a severe allergy - asking about the ingredients in my order. The guy checked and said that all the food would be made to order. Got my spring roll, it had onions in it. I went into anaphylactic shock. I was out of service for DAYS recovering. Called them to tell them about it. ¨Oh, sorry.¨ was the response. 
Another time I called and was put on hold for 3 minutes. I hung up and called back. Girl answered. I asked her about a menu item, she put me on hold and took care of another customer with me on the phone just waiting. After about 3 more minutes I hung up. 
There are lots of Chinese food joints. Why go to one like this?Their food never disappoints! You get a lot of bang for your buck. I recommend the honey chicken and shrimp friend rice. It always turns out being two meals for me because it's so much food. The drive thru is convenient and the food is made really quickly. I'm a happy regular here!Terrible terrible terrible.  Placed an order for delivery and was told 30 mins. After a hour and a half driver pulls up to my house and yelled from his car my address. When I told him I was about to call and cancel and he could've at least gotten out of the car instead of handing me the food through the window he just said "Yeah". To top it off the oder was wrong, no soy sauce, and the Beef and Broccoli had 4 or 5 small pieces of beef. After all of that I decided to call and speak to the manager or owner to let them know there staff  was slipping and was told that the owner was my dilevry driver. I wouldn't even give them one star if I didn't have to.The cashier was very friendly and funny. My meal was plentiful and worth the price. I just wish it was seasoned more, but I took care of that at home.One of the few places in New Orleans I would recommend for Chinese food. I had the hot and sour soup and it was cheap, real and delicious. Full of ingredients and spicy, the soup was just what the doctor ordered. My friend ordered the honey chicken and rice which was pretty good as well. I will be back.My fav Chinese place! Their rice is always fresh, and good customer service. Not a fan of their soups though, they taste as if they came out of a can.Normally don't post reviews like this but felt compelled to after such an awful food experience. We got a to-go order so I can't speak on the service but the food was terrible. The chicken in the chicken fried rice was either undercooked or just a terrible grade of meat because we got 2 orders of the dish and threw one away entirely and barely ate the other. The shrimp lo mien wasn't bad but definitely felt like a waste of money eating here.I ordered a mixed vegetable table and it was quite good! The aroma was what really caught me and the taste backed it up. The vegetable to rice portion was off as I found myself left with more rice than vegetables. They could give more vegetables and more sauce to accompany the amount of rice. I'll be back for sure though. 
Update: I won't be returning now! As I'm eating I found it hard to pick up rice with my fork. Why? Because there was a long strand of hair attached!The fried rice sucks but everything else is ok.  After earring the rice I started getting white rice and that changed the picture I guess. Roll the diceFood is meh,  there's a little boy about 12 or 13 years old that waits on you in the drive up that plays way too much!  He likes to joke, act like he forgot to bring your food.  I visit here regularly and this is the third time I've dealt with him and I don't like it.  What is he doing to the food, I'll never know.  This is Not recess time, it's probably his parents business that he's driving good customers away from.  It's not a great restaurant, I only come here because it's in the neighborhood and they're about to loose that.Great place. The best egg rolls in the city, almost as good as China Imperial's used to be before Katrina shut them down. Mandarin Chicken had great chicken in it, crunchy and meaty. Friendly, funny staff. I'm going to make it a weekly thing.My new favorite Chinese place in the area. I'm very selective of Chinese food and after moving to NOLA I had tried several other spots and finally found this gem. The spare ribs are meaty with plenty of sauce just how I love them! The egg rolls, rangoons, and everything else I've tried is delicious! Great Wok truly is great!I'll preface this by saying I have extremely high expectations for Chinese food. I was not impressed by the food. I'm used to having dipping sauce with dumplings but these don't come with any so if you like that I don't recommend ordering them. The price point was pretty good though. Most people I ordered with got chicken dishes and seemed pretty pleased with them.Super disappointed today. Not so much that they told me after I ordered and paid for my food that they were out of what I ordered, but that I left a tip on the credit card and that instead of bringing us our food, as we were sitting she said "oh you're eating here? Do you want plates?"  I left a tip. I was sitting at a table. It felt immediately as if they didn't want us to eat there despite having a dining room with tables and condiments on the table. 
Pro tip: don't tip. The food is normally wonderful and this time was no exception. My one star review is literally just for the fact that we weren't treated like paying guests at a restaurant.Tried this place for the first time today and I love it! From the shrimp egg rolls to the sesame chicken, everything was good. The employees were also very friendly. I'll be back!I ordered a mixed vegetable table and it was quite good! The aroma was what really caught me and the taste backed it up. The vegetable to rice portion was off as I found myself left with more rice than vegetables. They could give more vegetables and more sauce to accompany the amount of rice. I'll be back for sure though. Update: went back and the portions were proportionate but I was charged two cents less than my first visit"Terribly disappointing" and "gross" come to mind when I think about my experience tonight! I called around 7:30, and ordered honey chicken & broccoli, with rice, and an egg roll. When I picked up my order, the price was different than what I was originally told on the phone (apparently because the broccoli is an extra charge), but the difference was only fifty cents, so I paid it. When I arrived home, I noticed the honey chicken looked like a gelatinous blob, with a pile of PORK fried rice beside it. Under the blob, there were literally SIX pieces of broccoli, and a strand of hair in it! I have never received such poor service from this place before (probably because I order during the day when it's slow), so tonight's experience was a complete shock. 
I called to let the teen (who took my order) know what the problem was with it, and in mid-sentence she hung up on me! My first reaction was to haul butt back to the restaurant, and angrily demand a refund, while giving them "the business", but I didn't. I called back, asked if she hung up on me (of course she denied it), but I continued to tell her what was wrong with my order. The only reason I'm not completely pissed is because she did attempt to make it right by offering to let the manager know my order was ruined, assuring me I'd be able to get my original meal at any time. 
I've been to this place off and on (there are definitely better places in N.O. to go to) for years, but this experience is a perfect reason to stay away for good!Man show me somewhere else In Nola with authentic NYC style Chinese!! This place is as close as it gets !I don't know what is wrong with some other people but my husband and I had a great experience. The service was great. After we ordered we sat down and instead of assuming the lady made sure to ask for here or to go , since the atmosphere was so pleasant ( not smelling of old fryer grease) we decided to eat in. We ordered two items off the veggie menu and the portions were a great size. When the food came we were pleasantly surprised by how incredible the food was. All fresh not greasy at all. Don't pay any attention to the bad reviews this place is a gem! Still baffled by the drive thru but that's a mystery for another day!!!I've gotten takeout here twice:
Mandarin chicken: I love it. They give you the breaded chicken and the sauce separately. And it's a butt load of chicken. Breading is crispy, sauce is mandarin-y. It's yummy. 
Beef lo mein: another win.  Noodles are good, beef is good. Plenty of beef, but could use some more veggies. Still very good imo. 
House special fried rice: very good, but dries out quickly in the fridge. Just add a little water with it in the microwave. Excellent flavor, has chicken, beef, and decent sized shrimp (must be local if this big, not imported). Love it. 
Steamed dumplings: meh. Wasn't a huge fan, but I ate them. 
Crab rangoon: awesome! You get a bunch in an order. Good flavor, plenty of filling. 
Bourbon chicken: awesome again! Excellent teriyaki sauce, broccoli to go with it. Just a good dish. 
The helpings are hyuuugge, so you have tons of leftovers for cheap. And the service is quick and the folks are friendly. 
My go-to Chinese place now.Nice large portions. It was your average American Chinese taste. Friendly staff. Love that they have a drive through. Will eat again.Cheap Chinese food is a guilty pleasure for me, and Great Wok delivers on being inexpensive while giving you that sweet/salty fix. Portions are large. Fried foods are not greasy and they have some American items like plain chicken wings to keep those happy who don't like ethnic (the kids). 
This is not fine dining but does well at what it is, hot, tasty takeout Americanized Chinese standards. 
I've been here a handful of times and it's always good.I was very happy with my food and service from Great Wok!! I got the chicken fried rice and steamed dumplings. I swear they were the best steamed dumplings I have ever had and fried rice was perfectly done. Fast service, good serving sizes, great prices. Will definitely be ordering again soon! :)At first glance, everything looked pretty good. I ordered sesame chicken, orange chicken, shrimp toast, crab rangoon, fried rice, and an egg roll. Big portions, and it was packaged well.
Unfortunately, it was some of the worst tasting food I've ever had. The orange chicken seemed more like sweet and sour chicken with a few orange rinds thrown in. The sesame chicken was sweet instead of hot like it says on the menu. Even the crab rangoon was sweet. I understand that junk food Americanized Chinese food is generally sweet, but it tasted like someone mixed up the salt with sugar on accident. Most desserts are less sweet than this food. Egg roll had huge chunks of raw cabbage in it, and it tasted like old fryer oil. Shrimp toast was only fried on one side. The fried rice was just pathetic, huge chunks of raw onion and it had absolutely zero flavor, and barely any pork. I honestly dont even think the rice was fried, it almost just looked like yellow rice that a piece of onion and meat fell into. No soy, no salt, it was really bad.
Would not return.So good This is one of my favorite places to go hands down fast friendly and pocket friendly (if you know what I mean)Good Chinese American food @ cheap prices w super generous portions in an area of the city that's lacking for food options.Being born and raised in New York City I am a super tough critic when it comes to Chinese food. This is the best Chinese or closest to nyc style Chinese I have tasted here in NOLA . It's cheap and is a hole in the wall but it taste amazing.Found this place due to a late evening food craving. I'd always passed by the building but it always looked abandoned. The food was actually pretty good. We had the sesame chicken with chicken fried rice. I don't eat Chinese takeout often but I'll probably come back here when I do. Also, I don't think the drive-thru is functional just fyi. The service was also really great.Not bad but not good either. Pork ribs tasted great but they were too fatty and I encountered some gristle. Not a fan of that. Lo mein was mostly noodles, barely any vegetables, and minimal chicken. Pork fried rice tasted hood but there was very little pork. The Crab Rangoon were great though. 
I'll probably try them again.Friendly staff. We love the Singapore Mei Fun & Combo fried rice.  Also the egg drop soup with wontons is very good.  Homemade hot mustard is the best & don't forget the almond cookies for dessert.Always hot and fresh, and tasty. Call ahead and within ten minutes simply roll up to the drive-through and pick up your meal. There is a young man at the counter/ window who has been there for years - I've watched him grow up! He's humorous and efficient.  The rice is not the most flavorful in the city, but it's tasty and never mushy. 
Ask for their house hot mustard, not the mass-produced packets. It's really good.The food was amazing and they were quick with the food. I didn't get to take pictures of everything but here was 1 out of 4 things I ordered. 10/10 would recommend!I always order the shrimp and vegetables spicy. Egg drop soup is good as well. Fast service and never disappointed.This place was quick and satisfying!  Average price for the area and the food was quality!
I ordered the Sichuan chicken, chicken lo mein, and shrimp eggroll.  The cuts of chicken were great!  No blubber, no tendons, and all white meat!  I didn't love the flavor of the sauce, but that is just personal preference; it was cooked perfectly.  I LOVED the lo mein; it was flavorful, moist, and not overcooked.  The shrimp eggrolls were delicious!  They were fresh and crispy.  My only complaint was that for $2, I would get either an enormous egg roll or multiple smaller ones.  However, I only got one average sized roll.
Overall good experience, and I would recommend this place if you're in the area!I ordered the Thai chicken and it was not good at all. Probably won't try anymore of their stuff because it was not what I thought it would be.Good, quick, satisfying Chinese take-out. 
Tried this place because it's near our neighborhood. Located in the Gentilly area of New Orleans in a low-key shopping center. 
Called in a to-go order (ready in 10 minutes) : General Tso Chicken, Bourbon Chicken, Pork Fried Rice, and Spring Rolls.
General Tso Chicken was hot and made fresh to order!
Bourbon Chicken was dry, sauce was not evenly disbursed, only came with 4 small pieces of broccoli. Pork Fried Rice was awesome! Spring Rolls we're great! They tasted fresh and were hand wrapped. 
Customer service is "just ok".Decent takeout at affordable prices. My DoorDash total with service fee and tip was $35. Not bad on a lazy day when you don't feel like leaving your house. I bought the sesame chicken with lo mein, house special mei fun, and a small beef and broccoli. I didn't love the sesame chicken as it was mostly soggy breading with minimal chicken but everything else hit the spot. The food was packaged nicely and the portions were generous.So, I will start by saying that I think New Orleans truly lacks good Chinese food.  Since I know that upfront, I am comparing this to other like establishments in the area....  This is like the "McDonald's" of Chinese food.
The place is worn around the edges, the tables were sticky, the floor needs a good scrubbing, three of the chairs have massive holes/rips in them, and the walls are scuffed up.  Although the dining room is a mess, the kitchen appears to be fairly clean.
The woman at the counter was very friendly and took my order quickly.  I tend to go for General Tso's chicken as a baseline because it's a good barometer of a place.  They provide a very large portion, including rice and an eggroll for $7.95.  That's a fair price.  The chicken was lacking the most basic of spice and heat you would expect from General Tso's chicken.  The rice was yellowish brown and had a few chopped onions in it - but nothing else....not anything...  The eggroll was actually excellent and prepared nicely.  It had a lot of veggies in it that were finely minced, which is what I am used to and prefer....
The lo mein was tasteless - very disappointing.  The fried rice that accompanied my husband's dish had some pork in it and onion - but not much else.  At least it wasn't greasy...
The boneless ribs were ok - some of them were all fatty - and the flavor was ok.
I'm not sure I'm going to go back - bottom line - but it wasn't a total loss.....