The food was not very good.  They had plenty of chairs in the back but yet didn't even bother to grab a seat for my 4 yr old and didn't even bring him a serving plate for appetizers.  I felt like they just assumed he wasn't going to eat.  I'm vietnamese and the banh mi they served were a joke. Nothing like banh mi... the authentic ones.Green Goddess is a small restaurant, but has both indoor and outdoor seating. It wasn't the cleanest looking place, but we didn't let that deter us as we had heard great things about the food.  We were immediately seated by our server, who was friendly and knowledgeable. We started with the Pecan Orange Mushroom Pate, which was super savory.  For dinner, I got the Mole Mushrooms and heartily enjoyed every bite.  My friend ordered the Rolled Uttapam, and received a huge plate of deliciousness. The food at Green Goddess is fresh and flavorful, and the portions are large, making it worth a visit.This place is hidden in an alley way, but I'm glad I tried it. I had the Indian pancake and the praline sundae. Both did not disappoint. The Indian pancake was so flavorful and the garbanzo beans added such a unique crunch texture. The praline sundae was great! I just wish there was less whipped cream and more ice cream.
The indoor seating was very VERY limited, which was unfortunate because it was raining the day I came. I also am not sure if they turn on the AC inside, because it was very hot when I was eating. Luckily the food was so great it made up for it.Holy shit! this place is good! And that is saying something when the restaurant is in NOLA. It is just a different type of food than the regular heavy NOLA food. 
FIrst we had moonshine mint juleps, which were incredible. We had a few dishes (the moonshine mint juleps have made my memory a bit hazy), 
The one that stands out is the duck hash on a sweet potato biscuit. There was some pomegranate syrup in there somewhere too. 
This place just nailed it. straight up. If you are lookin for something a little off the beatin path in Nola, This Is the place.Service was terrible! Waitress made a really snarky comment and was not even efficient!!! Being that there are so many restaurants in NOLA, good service will go a long way and this restaurant DOES NOT HAVE IT!!!!!!Came here in July. 90f at midnight. Amazing. Seats about 8 people inside, I reckon a dozen outside. We walk in, the entire place is run by freaks. We know this is going to be good. All they had for us was some counter space where they kept all their liquor bottles. Next to no surface area, not to mention it was covered in candle wax. Awesome.
The atmosphere that makes boring people so uneasy is exactly what makes this place so great. There isn't much of a menu. They just write what they feel like making on the white board. If you don't like something, then why not say something? The woman did just that and they made her an amazing shrimp curry dish. Like that. No prob. They enjoyed dealing with her and cooking what they cooked. I had some type of sammich with some fish...but I remember the fish melted in my mouth, the produce was incredible, and their hotsauce actually had spice.
The drinks were also great, they paired good beers with what we got, and I think a premium .50l of eurobeer was $5 or something. 
I fucking love this city. The grit, the edge. This restaurant epitomizes it.Went here for Valentine's. Small portions and not impressionable food. I really wanted to love it seeing as New Orleans has an unfavorable shortage of vegetarian food, but three stars it is! I would suggest Carmo if you're looking for a veg place that's superb.So I was looking for something less traditional, light, yet somewhat filling and savory...yes sometimes I'm a bit complicated. I ordered the Burrata Watermelon Salad....oh my deliciousness!
Did I say DELICIOUS. I was surprisingly shocked and am dying to make this salad at home, although I doubt it will have that New Orleans touch. Highly recommend this salad. Dessert on the other hand was a bit disappointing. I ordered stuffed chocolate Gouda French toast or something like that. Can't Remember exact name. I have a very open minded palate and love sweet and salty combos and Love both Gouda and chocolate but I was a bit hesitant about this dessert until the waitress said good things about it. So I was expected to be once more pleasantly surprised. Well I was surprised but definitely not pleasantly. Hardly any chocolate, sometimes really salty and my mouth didn't know wether I was eating dinner or dessert...it was weird and I kept trying to enjoy if but in the end I left most of it there.Awesome food--great for vegetarians.  A little pricey for those on a budget but it was my splurge dinner while I was in New Orleans.  
I was alone and wanted to sit outside--my waiter told me he would seat me there since it wasn't busy yet.
I had the heirloom tomato salad (great spicy papaya sauce on the side), the Indian Lentil Pancake, and their version of a mint julep (a little too syrupy for my taste).
Note that it's only open for dinner Thursday-Sunday.I recently stayed in NOLA for three days, and this was the only restaurant I ate at that seemed... well, relatively healthy. 
Everything I tried here was really tasty, by the way. They know how to use their spices at Green Goddess!What a wonderful evening!! I had heard great things about Green Goddess, but when I previewed the menu I was not blown away. I am a vegan, and there were some things I could eat, but everything sounded fussy and complicated, you know, those menus where everything has ingredients you've never heard of? But friends wanted to go, so I thought, What the heck? I'm glad I did...
We arrived with an hour wait. We decided to order some drinks, and the hostess very kindly brought us a table to put our drinks on. GG is a tiny place, and we were sitting in the alley outside. The staff was hesitant to serve us full on dinner, because it was supposed to rain.
Well, we got our drinks, then delicious appetizers (savory South Indian Ivory lentil pancake, and this delicious dip called muhamarra, with veggies). We finally decided to just go ahead and order dinner.
We all loved our meals, and can highly recommend:
Golden Beet Ravioli
Freaky Tabouli
Reverse Cassoulet
Armagnac- Soaked Mission Figs
And the desserts were great too!
For vegans, try the Saturn Calling. It's very good!
Sultan's Nest was also great.
Drinks:
Pear 75
Lightnin' Mary
They are going to be closed for a little while to renovate (moving into the space next store, so they'll have more room). I don't know how long they'll be closed.
It was a lovely evening, eating that wonderful food in the sweet little alley, with balminess and twinkling lights all around.Green Goddess has a pretty fantastic menu, and is well-located on Exchange Street. It's a bit small, though, and the seating in the back "courtyard" is really awkward. I could see into other people's apartments.
But the Pecan Orange Mushroom Pate was divine, to the point where I asked if they'd be willing to share the recipe (which seemed to stymie our server). The Duck You plate was good stuff. I actually preferred the duck breast to the duck popover, which surprised me. Spouse really liked his Swedish Meatloaf, though didn't like the grits all that much. I'd be interested in going during lunch during an 'outside seating' time to see if the experience is different.I was a little worried about finding a great place for a late breakfast (ok, maybe it was more lunch time towards then but who's counting) as a large group and with little time to spare before a scheduled tour but the Green Goddess was a heavenly send indeed. With Incredible food (yes, that is with a purposefully capitalized 'i') and speedy service, I could see myself frequenting this establishment weekly were it not for the far commute from the East coast to NOLA. Though we did not get a chance to try out al fresco dining here, as a bonus for others, GG offers outdoor seating in a charming little alleyway. 
In terms of menu items,  although I am a slow eater, I absolutely _inhaled_  the Cuban luau sandwich--though literally everything else sampled from plates of others was noteworthy. The French toast was literally the best I have ever had, owing to the very crunchy brown sugar crust. Also worth mentioning were the pork belly with red eye gravy and the shrimp & grits special. GG offers an impressive selection of wines--including sparkling options--so those interested in imbibing will not be disappointed. For those who are into bloody Marys, the place rocks this drink in a spicy, highly flavorful, delightful variety. Can't wait to go back!I had two separate experiences at Green Goddess- one that was a review worthy of a 4 or 5 and the other was unsuccessful with a side of annoyance.... to be fair, I decided to include both experiences and average my rating to a 3 star....
Upon arriving we checked into our hotel (Hampton Inn FQ) and walked down to the Quarter for a late lunch. Green Goddess was our destination and we walked in and were told by the server that they had just closed for lunch. We went to leave, but the chef invited us to stay and said he'd be happy to cook for us. What a fantastic meal! 
The place was a little small and hot, but the food was outstanding. My husband got the corn & jalepeno flapjack with pulled pork and slaw. The pancake was huge!! It was a little plain, but complemented so well by the pork and the homemake slaw. The three things really blended well together. I ordered the special which featured two crawfish cakes with romesco sauce and wasabi caviar and was accompanied by corn with caramelized onions and peppers and a salad with dressing. Ah-may-zing! The cakes had big pieces of crawfish in it and the sauces went so well with it. I'm a sucker for wasabi tobiko, too. The corn was very tasty and the salad was totally refreshing. It was exactly what I was looking for!
The next day we couldn't decide what to do for dinner and ended up on the late side of planning... We finally ended up back at Green Goddess. We had been drooling over the dinner menu the night before and decided to try it out. Bad idea..... there was a wait for outside tables and we added our name, figuring we'd wait for a while and catch a drink or two. There were about 4 couples in front of us and a table had just left. When we returned 15 minutes later the table was still dirty and no one had been sat, but another table had also opened. long story short, it took them about 30 minutes to even sit the other people waiting and it was now after 10pm and most other places were closed so we opted to wait. After a 45 minute wait, we asked how many others were in front of us and were told one more couple. He suggested we not leave and come back, as it was getting late and they wouldn't hold a spot. He suggested that we get drinks at the Pelican Club and he would put out two chairs and a menu for us to look over while we waited. After spending $20 on drinks (for two drinks) at the the Pelican Club (we took our time) and coming back outside, he was nowhere to be found and either were the chairs that were promised. The people who had been sat an hour previously when we got there still had no food and we decided to leave hungry and angry.Tonight was my sixth time eating at the Green Goddess.  If you can't tell, I love this place.  There is something amazing about a chef that changes the menu according to the ingredients that he has available to him.  
Everything that I've ever had here is amazing.  The dishes are well prepared and thoughtfully composed.  The alcohol menu from beer to wine has also had someone's special attention. 
What should you choose off the menu?  I would recommend choosing something that is a slight stretch for your usual taste, you will likely be rewarded.  I will always remember my first dish, Father Pat's Grilled Cheese.
-To make the most of your experience I would recommend inquiring with the server about the selections, they love to talk
-This place is small and you might have to wait, but it is worth it
-Give yourself the amount of time you need to enjoy yourself
-Look at the menu before you arrive, they update it on their website, that way you'll have an idea of what's current.
This place is good for romantic dinners, lingering dinners with a small group of friends, blowing off work in the middle of the day to booze it up with brunch and an excellent component of a New Orleans adventure.
Cheers!Summary based on 1 lunch:
--pleasant, somewhat out of the way venue on pedestrian mall
--veg friendly
--better than average, non traditional NOLA fare
--very pleasant, helpful staff
--prices ok
Stopped here for lunch and sat down with no wait at the bar.  Had the chilled watermelon/ginger/lime soup with crab (added by mistake).  Soup would have been fine without the crab.  
Also had their version of an uttapam/Indian pancake with various dal/chutney accompaniments.  Uttapam was fine, though I thought the spices were much more muted than what one would find in a "real" uttapam, but, then, I eat a lot of Indian food.  The uttapam was probably just right for the typical diner.Definitely one of my top 3 meals on this trip to New Orleans. As a vegetarian, New Orleans has been a challenge. Green goddess was an answer to my tofu prayers. They're salads and sticky tofu on tortillas were amazing.
The icing on the cake was that my family, 2 of whom are not vegetarians, had tons of options too. The boar meatloaf and creamy kale satisfied a very hungry 18 year old with fussy tastes. 
The atmosphere is wonderful - outdoor seating on a quiet and beautiful alley. Highly recommended!!2 distinct things I remember about New Orleans: 1) supposed lil wayne's cousin giving us a pretty forthright "holler" 2) Green Goddess' freakin delicious sweet potato biscuits.  
My girls and I made a trip to New Orleans during late summer.  It's not the usual travel spot for us, but we definitely had to make it somewhere in the south for that southern hospitality and the food.  During the whole trip, we were full pretty much 90% of the time from the time we woke up till we slept.  The food in New Orleans is so delicious and Green Goddess is definitely one of the most memorable food spots.
We came to Green Goddess for a weekend brunch.  The place is super small cafe, but do not be fooled by how small this place is because the food is feisty good.  I absolutely loved the atmosphere and decor, it's a bit smokey from the open kitchen and has a rustic southern/20's prohibition feel to the cafe!  Even though it's in the French Quarters, it didn't feel touristy at all.  
There drink menu is pretty expansive, had drinks for all types of occasions and likings.  How can we pass up drinks in the morning on a vacation especially in New Orleans?  I got the daily special and glad I did because it was super refreshing and woke me up the same way coffee would.  The sweet potato biscuits came out as something to nibble on while our lunch was cooking.  The biscuits came with honey butter.... yes HONEY butter! The biscuits were rich and thick and the honey butter was the perfect complimentary sweetness to it.  There is no way you can just nibble on these because these are so freakin delicious.  This is a must eat when you come to Green Goddess!
We ended up getting 2 dishes to share for the 3 of us.  The 2 dishes were more than enough for all of us, the dishes are a fair size and filling up on those biscuits with our morning cocktails was absolutely perfect for our afternoon brunch.  I would go back to New Orleans to eat these biscuits not to mention this has been added to my list of the "Best Thing I Ever Ate!"Service: Excellent. Smiling and pleasant wait staff. Prompt and not overbearing. 
Food: I had the sweet potato bisque soup which was excellent. I also had the vegetarian bimibop, which left something to be desired. The Tofu was very bland and the rice was also very bland. The veggies were good as was the sauce over top.
Atmosphere: I ate outside and it was very pleasant. 
Overall, very good. Good vegetarian/vegan options for those visiting New Orleans.My wife and I did some research online before our trip to NOLA over New Year's, and found a lot of talk about Green Goddess so we decided to try it out.
We arrived on a very rainy night, so we sat inside the tiny dining room. Very quaint and cozy. The cocktail and food menu is just so creative, and everything sounded delicious.
For drinks: I can't remember the name, but I had a ginger mint julep which was fantastic, and my wife had some sort of martini.
My wife and I decided to share 2 entrees: The Shrimp in a Grass Skirt and the Pulled Pork wrapped in Banana Leaf. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and served with a delicious slaw on the side. The real highlight of our meal was the pork, cooked in a delicious sauce, served with some of the best greens and sweet potatoes I've ever had.
Everything was seasoned and flavored perfectly. The staff was friendly and enthusiastic about their food, and the restaurant itself felt like a little hidden treasure tucked away from the craziness of the Quarter. Prices were VERY reasonable. A nice change from the typical NOLA creole fare. Highly recommended.After reading many positive reviews of Green Goddess, I admit I was skeptical when I first checked out their menu online:  it seemed a bit non-vegan friendly.  I e-mailed the chef to ask about his offerings - he wrote back quickly and with very positive words about his willingness to ensure that visiting vegetarians are made happy.  
First dinner in New Orleans on this trip - my friends and I were very very happy.  The restaurant is small and the wait was a bit long but with the best weather you could expect and a tasty beverage, it was easy to pass the time people watching (esp the nearly empty restaurant across the alley with a bizarre assortment of trophy wives & strippers as their sole apparent means of support).
At any rate, we were all thrilled with the delicious veggie plate - everything was cooked perfectly.  The salads were delicious - I had a seared chanterelle salad that made me very happy.  One of my friends - a mushroom skeptic - tasted the chanterelles and even said "I might have to reconsider my position on mushrooms!"  The chef personally attended us - he was very friendly and informative - he definitely knows his wines, too!  The ingredients were fresh and the sauces were perfect!
The three of us returned a few days later for lunch and it was equally delicious - I had a Cuban-style pressed sandwich stuffed with yummy greens and a Satsuma mimosa (yum!).  I look forward to visiting this delightful restaurant again on my next visit to New Orleans (I promise it won't be so long this time!)Green Goddess is the most remarkable restaurant anyone in our group has ever been to in the French Quarter. 
But not for good reasons.
The food was awful. By any standards. Ordered a duck sausage with apple po boy and ended up being able to taste nothing other than extremely, extremely heavily dijon mustard-soaked bread. This is not an exaggeration. It was literally impossible to taste anything other than the mustard. There was nothing subtle about the intensity or abusive quantity of the mustard. Not sure what kind of chef/cook/human being thinks dijon mustard is a good thing to pair with duck and apple. Maybe Green Goddess' chef is an alien... Or maybe and alien whose alien mother had Zika virus...
The other 2 dishes order by our group were not as unbelievably bad but were remarkably disappointing. All 3 were equally overpriced.
Green Goddess apparently likes guest disappointment to be well distributed in all facets of their restaurant because the service was nearly equally as offensive as the food. Nothing new to say here that hasn't been said in the other negative reviews- apathetic, inattentive, entitled, incompetent, etc. etc. At one point our server asked us how the food was. And we tried to tell her. But she was too busy acting too busy (they weren't that busy) and didn't actually listen to what we said ("not great"). Or, maybe she just could have cared less. Either way, the moment she asked how our food was, she was already turning around and walking off. C'est la vie.
Can't fathom how this place stays open in a culinary capital like New Orleans. Here's to Green Goddess going out of business sooner rather than later so something better can take their place (even though that's not saying much).When to NOLA for a birthday getaway. Let me tell you it's delicious! It was 3 of us and we all had something different and yummy. It's a lot of food so go hungry!! When you step inside it's not a looker but man, you will not be disappointed even if you eat meat.Spent time researching this place. Show up to a tiny dirty little dive . Not sure where they took the pics. Menu online was totally different then in restaurants.Guy who came to tell us specials seemed clearly bored and then literally looked at us like we were crazy when we said we did not eat seafood. We left a tip for the two glasses of lip stick water we got before we left. Tired of restaurants having friends writing fake reviews and putting menus online that they clearly could not keep up withThis is a very unique restaurant. Not fine dining, which is fine with me. I was travelling with friends to New Orleans and was struggling to find just basic vegetarian food. Green Goddess is a one of a kind restaurant. The folks serving us were very casual, very cool and fun. The menu is a fusion of continental and asian cuisine and tends to have a blend of different flavors. The entrees that my friends and I had each unique blend of tastes. Their pomegranate hummus is by far the best hummus I have ever had and we have tried making similar hummus at home, but nothing comes close to this. 10/10 would go again if I happen to visit NOLA.My night with Chef Chris and Co. at Green Goddess was a culinary highlight in my foodie-filled life. The meatless dishes were not at all an after thought, but delightful and rich. Fish was awesome. Mixed drinks were daring and interesting, while the wine list was expansive and coupled well with a plethora of their seasonal dishes. 
The customer service was the way it should be. I got the feeling the whole night from Chef Chris that I was eating in his home, which is probably close to reality since he spends most of his time in his restaurant. After I implored him to take me on a culinary journey, he was more than happy to come to our table multiple times, thoroughly explaining his thinking behind each dish.
Oh, the wait to get in can be long (an hour for a table for two), but so worth it that you cannot even think twice about not going because of this. And I suggest you order a drink while you wait in the quaint French Quarter pedestrian promenade outside.Let me start off by saying I loved the utensils. They were so different!
I went here for a quick lunch and had the Freekah Salad. So delicious. It was huge, too, so I ate a little less than half and brought the leftovers back for someone else to have. Everything on the menu looked so good, but I was craving salad. 
I would go back here and try other dishes because so many people have raved about this place.Absolutely amazing! The aesthetics and atmosphere feels like you are in Paris. Great selection for vegetarians and truly wonderful dishes to foodies out there! This is a healthy place that emphasizes the flavor and taste of their food... very impressed and would recommend!ok this place has some serious staff issues.  they would completely overshadow the joy i have had eating and drinking here in the past, but since it was only one bad experience, i'm going to pretend it was an isolated incident, even though it was the worst service i have had in this city to date.
jazzfest week and it's a small place so no reservations, give your name and wait for it to come up on the list.  girl taking the names/number of your party sees a table outside open up and calls the next party on the list - which happens to be a party of 3.  this table is easily big enough for 4, but there are 3 chairs at it.  most of the other tables are as big but only have 2 chairs.  point being - any number of folks from 1-4 are seated at this-sized table already.  
that party of 3 doesn't answer, she goes down the list to the NEXT PARTY of 3 (skipping a couple of names).  they aren't there, either.  i am with the 3rd party of 3 on the list.  my turn?  no - another table of the same size is now open with 2 chairs at it so she starts down the list of parties of 2 instead.  in the meantime, here comes the first party of 3, come to check on their position.  so they get seated.  only 1 of their party isn't there and they don't know if she's coming back.  so they get seated as a party of 2 at the 3-chaired table anyway.
when we are finally seated, they are out of menus so we only get one and one of the chairs at our table is broken.  we tell the waiter, he says he'll go get one that can be used, and is gone for 5 minutes.  i can see chairs not being used at other tables outside but no - he comes back with the replacement.
in the meantime, only two of our party have had a chance to peruse the single menu, so no, we're not ready to order food yet.  give us a few minutes.  but here's the drink order (thinking by the time he returns with those, we'll know what to eat).
15 minutes later, the drinks come out.  only instead of two mint juleps and one bloody mary - two bloody marys and one mint julep.  i tell him it's wrong and he takes one of the bloody marys and storms inside - not even stopping to take our food order or hear my friend say he'll drink it, anyway.
10 minutes later, the corrected drink is brought out by another server.  a much cheerier girl who is clearly here to deal with the ones the guy has had it up to HERE with.  so we order.  only the thing i want?  yeah, they just sold the last one of those.  to the table behind us.  that got seated 10 minutes after us.  so, not having a backup plan, i tell her to go ahead and put in my friends' orders and i'll get back to her in a few minutes - not wishing the same fate upon them as just befell me.  
she looks at me like i've just done something terribly insulting.  like picked my nose and wiped it on her shirt, or something.  seriously.  
so yeah - 2 hour lunch and i didn't even want the crap i was forced to order.  and i'm still annoyed that my kind, visiting friends even left a tip at all.  
gonna be a long time before i'm in the mood to give this place another chance.  but like i said before - good food (when you can get it) and hopefully not the new normal for service here.We had a delicious lunch here, though the prices were kind of high, I guess it cannot be avoided in the French Quarter.  I got the vegetable sampler which was very good but was literally only vegetables and I would have liked a bit of protein in my meal.  The roasted fingerling potatoes were some of the best I have had.  We also shared a side of cheesy manchego grits which was an excellent decision.  I am a vegetarian and it was nice to have a restaurant with various options for me.  My boyfriend got the meatloaf sandwich and the duck fries and loved both of those.  If it were cheaper I probably would have eaten here again.It was fine. Obviously they have many options for vegetarians. But the restaurant seemed very pokey, and the section we were in kept losing power because people would trip on the extension cord... Just didn't seem worth it. The food was interesting- they had some unique combinations, but none were memorable.This was ok, I am not a vegetarian. I did eat at Carmo a few times before trying this and it was good. I did put organic siracha on my Poe Boy I ate. I would eat here again cue spot kinda of hidden and tucked away. I have lunch here. Service was pretty good as well.Really enjoyed his place. Really nice outdoor seating with a breeze (I suppose they didn't cook that up but I enjoyed it just the same). I had the beet hummus with fresh veggies and the bananas foster vegan dessert. It was luscious. The beer dip had hot sauce and bravo for that. The banana foster with coconut ice cream hit the spot and was quite full of flavor. Relaxing but still with the energy of the quarter.The grilled cheese with pear butter might be the apex of the grilled cheese art form, especially when paired with a dark hard cider. That's all I have to say.A refuge for vegetarians in a city with dismally few options; creative menu! Even hip!We dined at Amano, Green Goddess, Root, Peche while in Nola for a few days. My favorite was Green Goddess - high quality food, good ambiance, good vibe and sound level.Green Goddess is tucked away in Exchange Place and offers nice al fresco dining if the weather's nice. The menu has a lot of interesting options that offer something different in a sea of po boys and gumbo. 
It's hard for me to fully rate this, because I didn't really experience the full presentation of my meal. I try to minimize my gluten intake, so a lot of the more exciting looking options were off the menu for me. While the ensalada de mofongo was appealing, I was really intrigued by the boudin hash. I opted out of the sweet potato biscuit (much to the sadness of our server), and, I think because of my discussion about gluten, it arrived sans gravy.  
The hash was a combination of fingerling potatoes, boudin, and cochon, combined into a patty and grilled. It was tasty and perfectly crisp on the outside, although I felt like it needed a little bit of a sauce or something (after a few bites I was regretting my decision to pass on the gravy), and the egg was perfectly poached. The truffle grits were phenomenal, but very rich, and very salty. My dining companion had the pork belly, which she said was delicious; she also commented on the saltiness of the grits.
Service was attentive and knowledgeable about menu items, and the location was central while feeling off the beaten path. I have some regret about getting something and modifying away half of it, as I think I might have missed out on some of the flavor/experience, but I also returned to my meeting nicely sated, rather than stuffed and ready for a nap! Definitely worth a try if you're in the area.SO glad to find Green Goddess open on a Sunday night. I was looking for a cool place to check out during an overnight business trip to NO and I found it.  Good stuff happening in this little place.
I ate at the bar and was treated to some great conversations with Chef Chris and a bird's eye view of efficient, creative cooking. I had the spooky blue corn crepes because I was psyched to see huitlacoche on the menu. They were sublime with the wild mushrooms and splash of brandy sauce. Then I had peppers, really enjoying the very tender, subtly spicy pork stuffing.
The cocktails looked fun, but I stuck with wine and was happy with the LIOCO Indica and Palacios Petalos that Chef recommended.  the next time I'm in New Orleans, I will definitely go back to see what new creations are coming out of this kitchen.I can't... I've tried... I just, I just can't put into words how much I love this place. Chef Paul Antigues and Chef Chris DeBarr take pride in their food and it shows. 
Also, the See Rock City Mint Julep and the Aviation MSY are divine.Wedge salad for starters, snails, tails and tasso as the main, followed by the most decadent French toast I've ever had and a tawny port from the 1960s. Awesome little space on Exchange Alley, they played WEEN the whole time we were there, the French tourists seated next to us were the most charming people I've ever seen in my life, amazing energy between the chef and the wait staff. Could have stayed here all night, to be honest. In the hotter months, try to sit outside. We worked up a sweat eating! One of the gems of NOLA dining without being stuffy and chi chi foo foo like those other "star" restaurants out there (you know the ones I'm talking about). This is a place to actually eat, not to worry about who sees you eating there. Can't wait to go back again and again and again.Four words.....Kale, Burrata, Beet, Salad. I can't say enough about how fantastic this dish was. I also ordered the Truffle Grits, though it had chunks of truffles, it could have been a bit more 'truffly'. Service is curt but efficient and the patio is quintessential NOLA dining. You should definitely try this gem for lunch.Get the grilled cheese.  The chef and owner came out to talk to all the guests.  All the dishes were very thoughtful and creative.Awesome place and excellent service . Staff is very friendly and helpful to guide thru menu .Great for vegetarians. I had uttapam and it's unique twist on Indian dish . Must if you are in NOLA.Would have liked to try the food and drinks here based on the reviews.  But, as we walked up, no waiter or host was in sight.  So, we poked our head in the door and were then "greeted" with a gruff man who asked what we wanted.  We told him we were looking for a snack.  He looked at us.  Then mumbled and directed us to a table outside.  While telling us about some "special", he was looking up at the rooftops, then the walls, then the ground, etc.  Water...not going to happen.  He returned to take our order in about 30 seconds after we started looking at the menu.  We asked for a little more time.  Big Mistake.  I guess since we wanted a snack and not a meal we weren't worth his time.  We left and found another place.Great food & service. WiFi was down. Loved the collard greens Cuban sandwich with cold watermelon soup. Everyone was super nice even though I was there very late for lunch.As vegetarians finding food in NOLA is a challenge. The food at Green Goddess was amazing each time we went. The food is gourmet and everything we had was good and the prices are moderate. I had the ginger flavored ice tea which was very refreshing.A former local told us we had to try it. 
AWESOME meal. 
So good we went back again the next day. 
This place proved that famous tv chefs can't hold a candle to local, creative, and fresh young talent. 
The only drawback is the tiny size. I recommend sitting outside if you can. Personally I'm a bit clausterphobic so sitting inside was not an option :-)I was desperate for a salad in NewOrleans and was tickled pink to find this place.  I needed a quick lunch, as I was due back to my workshop, and the service was quick and efficient.  The Heirloom Tomato salad was my choice, but I wanted more greens...my waitress suggested adding arugula...perfect addition.  The grilled manchego cheese atop the tomatoes was delicious and with spices added...only thing I could have done without was the garlic aioli...just not an aioli fan.  Brown Sugar Lemonade was my first ever, and what a treat it was.  I do agree, maybe it could have been a tad cheaper for lunch, but my taste buds, and stomach were satisfied!!Top 10 meals I've ever had! Amazing! So fresh and delicious! Everything was seasoned perfectly.NOT EASY to find vegetarian food when staying near the French Quarter. This place is IT! Don't waste time trying to find vegetarian options on other restaurant menus--just come here. Their food was outstanding! Closed on Mondays and Tuesdays, but the price cannot be beat for the quality of food. Highly recommend the veggie cuban sandwich, and their crab sandwich is excellent for non-vegetarians.If you are looking for a array of flavors with interesting combinations then you are in for a treat. This place has some of the most unique dishes in New Orleans. Truly set apart from the normal cuisine you find in New Orleans and very good. The cocktails are also unique in style and fantastic. The service has improved since it first opened. Perfect for dining outside on a beautiful day or evening. Very small in size and outside seating is usually preferred.FANTASTIC 
We had lunched and liked it so much we came back for dinner
I forgot to take a picture of the tofu po' boy we had for lunch.  It was delicious!
Dinner was the mushroom chimichuri and green goddess salad (without bacon)
Yummy in my tummy!
Services also great 
Dinner table was dark we were wishing for a candle, but used my cell phone flashlight insteadObviously this place is awesome.
Cool little outdoor spot, in an alley near The Montelione.  Traveling with the puppy so another alfresco dinner.
Mmm 
Wife had the Nuts and Cherries salad.  Veggie deliciousness.  Pickeled fennel?  Dill in the aoli. Awesome greens
I had the Swedish Meatloaf.  Perfection. Grass fed beef, delicious seasoning, I think they quick fry the slice after the loaf is baked so it's crispy and browned. Served with a lingonberry pepper jelly.  Along side some kale that tastes like delicious collards AND little fried potato cubes with a few perfectly prepared mushrooms with a little cream sauce.  It's like a little puff of the best cream of mushroom soup you ever had.
Wow!Recvomended by a Lady we met at stage door manor in upstate NY. We saw a few old looking small restaurants , then my wife looked up the address. The double IPA from hops rising was just what I wanted after my 7;30 flights. At $4:00 what a deal. The crab sandwich was overflowing with great crabby. My wife's cheese plate with her glass of red wine was a perfect paring.
Good service and friendly staff .SO Delicious! A little hard to find....(I'm from out of town) but worth the hunt! 
One of the few places in New Orleans that has vegetarian options! I was seriously searching vegetarian options in New Orleans on google. 
I had the Truffle Manchego Cheese Grits. TO DIE FOR!My wife and I had dinner at Green Goddess on their third night in business. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed dinner...
Highlights:
* The food itself was great. We had the Green Goddess wedge salad, which is loaded with fresh seafood, the blue corn crepes, the tamarind shrimp and the creme brulee for dessert.
* The special (non-alcoholic) cocktails were tasty, especially the Ginger Mint Julep.
* Location... sitting outside in Exchange Place was really nice... although we're not sure how well it's going to work in rain or sweltering heat. 
* Service... there's a small crew who seems to be totally in the groove. 
Room for improvement:
* They don't yet have a liquor license. Yes, I know this means you can bring your own, but without knowing the menu better we weren't sure what to bring that would pair well. I'm sure this will get worked out in a few weeks.
* Table. Perhaps I'm being too anal here, but our table was seriously rickety... we found ourselves playing see-saw from opposite sides. I don't care that the tables aren't level (since they are outside on an uneven surface) but get out a screwdriver and tighten up the tables. Some candles on the tables would be really nice, too.
* Plating. My wife doesn't agree, but I thought they could improve their plating. The crepe was served in the dark, on a dark plate, covered in a dark sauce. We had a late dinner (9:30 PM) so the food really was served in the dark. A lighter colored plate and candle on the table would have added tremendously to my initial impression. Mind you, it tasted great. Likewise, my tamarind shrimp didn't look like much all piled up in a bowl.
* The consistency of the Creme Brulee was kinda runny, but it tasted great.
If I could give Green Goddess 3.5 stars, I would. But three stars seems too low so let's call it four, especially given that this was just the third night of their soft opening.
The food is the real attraction here... it's fresh, interesting, very well prepared and incredibly tasty. The menu runs across a broad gamut (which is why I placed this review in three categories)... the night we were there the menu ranged from Crawfish Boil Salad, South Indian Savory Ivory Lentil Pancake and Bison and Bacon Meatloaf. It's sounds like the menu will be constantly changing, which will make it impossible to drop Green Goddess neatly into a single category.Duck confit is bull***t! Skip the salad..seriously. the dressing was awful and the duck tasted like it has been in the fridge for a week. It was reheated and completely dry. The pork belly was basically four half pieces of thick sugar coated bacon. The grits was super salty. The oyster stew was a watery soup with 3 oysters ( for $10)
Total $50 with tip.Mixed review.
Food:
Mojo pork was amazing. One of the best dishes I had in New Orleans. We also had a sad shrimp salad which was literally 4 unseasoned cooked shrimp on top of a handful of spring mix boxed salad greens. Pretty pathetic for a place that touts itself as a vegetarian restaurant. 
Service:
Again a mixed bag.  The servers were very attentive but entirely stuck up and snotty. 
Hard to recommend.Interesting- Some things were just ok, but some things were AMAZING. The cocktails are overwrought. The appetizers (fried squash blossoms -yum, and 'indian' lentil cake - not) were mixed. Entree (quinoa stuffed tomato) was fabulous! And the desert (French toast stuffed with orange scented goat cheese and covered in a molasses sauce) was TO DIE FOR! I would go back again and again... but I'm not local. :-(If you order well here, this might be one of the great meals of your life. Yes, you'll have to wait to sit down. Sure, you'll think all the waiters and waitresses are stoned. But this food will KNOCK YOUR SOCKS OFF. I had the sweet potato biscuits with wild mushroom gravy and poached eggs. I mixed it all together with the caramelized heirloom tomatoes and was absolutely floored by how great it was. If you want to get away from meat for a meal in the French Quarter, this is the place for you.I went here for lunch twice with my husband.  The first time we were happy with our meal.  We split the small half-wedge salad, which was ok (dressing was a bit bland).  We also split two sandwiches - the bison meatloaf and the luau Cuban and we really liked both.  So much so we went back two days later for lunch again.  Big mistake.  I had a salad with shrimp.  It came with four shrimp, one of which I gave to my husband.  I ate most of the three remaining shrimp because I kept hoping one of them would be good.   But they weren't.  They were fishy and nasty (and my husband said his was the same).  I felt nauseated the rest of the day.  (My husband's lunch was the Indian pancake, which was suprisingly boring.)  So if  you like to gamble, you could get a good meal (like we did the first time), but you might not.  It's a bit too expensive to risk it, however.Hands down my favorite spot in Nola.  For an epic one of a kind experience order the tasting menu and let them pair your drinks.  Chef Chris often comes out with the dishes to introduce his marvelous creations.  Don't forget to have the most amazing cocktail in the french quarter- The Green Fuse- as an after dinner drink.  Get it in a to go cup and relish the beauty of the city and know you've got the best damned thing you can put in a plastic cup around there!  
This place is pure foodie heaven for lunch or dinner.  The vegetarian options are good (the mushroom crepes are AMAZING) but the real joy is in eating everything these guys have put together in all its crazy glory.  We ate here 4 times during our week long stay and it'll be the first place we eat when we come back to the city.  Don't miss this place!I will never forget the watermelon basil gazpacho topped with fresh crab that was perfect on a hot day and mini bottles of champagne.  I came back the next day for more but they were closed.  Very nice outside seating area.Went back for my 'last meal' in the city during my second trip to nola, and I just can't say enough about this little restaurant. Called to make sure they were open, since it was rainy and the last time I had eaten there only outdoor seating was available, but they were open today with indoor seats.
Dannnng, they make a mean-not-lean-but-worth-that-booty-bump-sammich! I had the roast beef po'boy and ma boo had biscuits and gravy.
Thanks for all that you do, y'all's! Keep puttin love in your food!Great Place. Food was very good and the cocktails imaginative. Even the guy with the nose ring was great (in spite of his bad prior review!) My wife and I really liked this place.Fabulous! Creative food and drink and wonderful service. I was dining in a party with both vegetarians and someone with food allergies, and the staff was great with answering questions about ingredients. The vegetarian dishes are excellent - there are always multiple options, and they're given just as much thought and attention as the ones with meat. I had a sweet-potato cake with beets and goat cheese, and it was _incredible_. 
It's a small space, so it can get crowded, but it's definitely worth the wait!Had the meatloaf sandwich and it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had!!! Would definitely go back! And the wait staff all go above and beyond and take care of each other's tables which was great to see!Delicious food, great service, and perfect location!  We hit Bourbon street for a little bit, and then snuck away to this place for dinner and it was sooo good.  They have meat options too, but the vegan stuff is terrific (and I'm not even Vegan!)
I think their menu must rotate or something, because I'm pretty sure what I got isn't on there and I can't remember exactly what it was called.  It was some kind of savory pancake thing (but pretty sure not that South Indian one! I'm Indian, I would know!!) which was really good, and I really don't recognize the other names on the menu either so unfortunately I can't help with what to get.
BUT for dessert, I can tell you to definitely get the apple cheese crepe/whatever.  So we ordered that and the guy accidentally gave us the chocolate cheese french toast, which we ate and was ALSO delicious, but then he felt bad and gave us the apple one, which was EVEN BETTER!  But we also made him help us eat it, because that's too much food.  
Anyway, the locations a little small, but its cute and highly recommended!  They have a good selection of cocktails too, but we refrained since we had about 10 hrs of drinking ahead of us :Pawesome and different.  outside seating, in a quiet alleyway, not trashy.  Wait staff was trying their best but it was weeds-time when I ate on a Tues night.  Gotta try the tomato app and the sweet potato thing.One of the best meals I've ever had in New Orleans.
We started off with cocktails, they were pricey, but pretty large.  My martini lasted me thru dessert.
To start, we had the chefs choice cheese tasting, which he came out and explained all the differences and flavors of each cheese to us.  Delightful!
For our main course, I had the seared tuna & watermelon, and my boyfriend had the pulled pork.  It was nothing short of foodie perfection.
Dessert was the Sultans Nest...all I can say about it is...WOW.
The staff was SUPER friendly and laid back, the owner came by out table to chat a couple times, and our outdoor table was utterly perfect.  We were there on Easter Sunday for dinner, and I couldn't have asked for a better meal.
We will most definitely be back.I stopped by Green Goddess after I already had lunch, so I only tried their bacon sundae for dessert.  The ice cream was very good but I think there was too much whipped cream.  For $8 (I think), it deserved more ice cream rather than whipped cream.  
This restaurant is kind of hidden, not really on a main street.  Upon arrival, we sat inside.  Well I don't think the restaurant has air conditioning or something because it was way too hot.  So we moved outdoors.  Unfortunately, it started raining so we had to move back indoors! Needless to say, it was very hot and I already get hot too easily....my sundae probably could've lasted longer if it was cooler and I wouldnt have to scarf it down.  
The service was great though.  I would give this place a higher rating, but the restaurant itself really seemed run-down.  So it's not really a place I would go back to if I could choose any restaurant to visit in NOLA.  
P.S. definitely not stroller friendly unless you plan on sitting outdoors. The inside is very small.Brunch.  One of the best meals of my life.  Even now, sitting in my office thinking about it, I can taste the delicious blend of duck and egg in my mouth.  I ordered the duck confit hash, I don't give a crap what anyone else at our table ordered, nor do I care who was there.  This meal was excellent, and I had to go back the next day to order it again.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, the was the perfect blend of juicy meat and crisp skin, the biscuit with hot pepper jelly was so good that tried to buy some off of the wait staff.  
Another thing that I love about Green Goddess is that it introduced me to Shiner Bohemian Black Lager.  
So good, that while I am looking at others' reviews I find myself opening a new tab and looking at flights to NOLA.Overpriced, and the food is flavorless and nothing special. The wait staff is also incredibly rude and acts like they're doing you a favor taking your order. The only thing this place does well is take your money. Go somewhere else.This place looks super cute from the outside. Too bad the seating inside doesn't match up. We were cramped in a table next to the bathroom door and a couple making out. Drinks are strong!! Shrimp in a grass skirt is very tasty! Just a bit spicy and pairs great with the pineapple saladThe best place around! We ate here for lunch and dinner and tried most vegan and vegetarian dishes! It is beyond words! It is orgasmic food! Just try it! I wish I could give 5 stars !I'm giving this place 5 stars because I've been searching for some quality, non-touristy and reasonably priced food or a couple days now. The people who have been complaining about price here must not have eaten much of the food in the French Quarter, it's all over priced. This place is well worth what they are charging compared to the rest,it's not cheap, but reasonable. This is not a vegetarian restaurant, but they do have good vegetarian options and use quality locally grown ingredients.  
I won't go into a long description about the restaurant because the way they describe it on their website is accurate. They must have had an excellent photographer because the pictures definitely show it up. It's not quite that nice looking, but that's to be expected when trying to judge by a picture. I ate outside in the evening which was a pleasant experience because it's located off the street in the alley which has a nice feel to it. 
The menu is incredibly creative and descriptive and offers a good variety of choices.  
Here's the bottom line, the food is superb. Although they don't have the space and ambiance of a fine dining (which isn't what there trying to do) restaurant the quality and flavor of the food is fine dining quality for half the price. I had the Cochon de Lait/Lei (pulled pork dish) which is probably the safest thing on the menu according to my waitress. The portion wasn't huge but I felt like it was enough to satisfy. Every bite of my meal was just as satisfying as the last.
If I were staying longer I would come back everyday just to try somethng different!They have one of the best wedge salads I have ever had.  Also the sweet potato biscuits are to die for with the pepper jam.
Small and charming and a great place to pop in for something healthy or not so healthy.Great vegetarian heaven that's heath-conscious!
It's in an alley and you dine outdoors. This was our first meal in NOLA and we waited for 15min+ but it totally was worth the wait under the sun.
SERVICE 3/5
I think it's a little understaffed so it took really long to be seated, to take orders and get the bills. However the servers were super nice and helpful!
FOOD 4.5/5
We ordered Pork Belly and Shrimp Banh Mi and a Grilled Cheese Kale Sandwich with a side of brussel sprouts! Cheese melts in the sandwich and than your mouth. It's really filling with big portion! I have great appetite even under such heat!!!The food was nice... a bit pricey. There was som lack of good vibes at the place. ... maybe because of the touristy locationAfter days of fried food my husband & I were craving some leafy greens, not easy to come by in NOLA, unless they are fried, that is. So, with a little internet searching we came across this restaurant with good reviews on their food. So we strolled on over & took a seat at their back alley restaurant. Some might find that unpleasant, (no AC, etc) but it was shady so we didn't mind. First one server sat us down & told us the hummus (a very well reviewed appetizer & one of the items I mentioned I wanted to order) had run out, & he brought us water. Then a different server came & told us about specials & took our order. Then a different server brought us food & asked us about it. I have a lot of restaurant experience, so at first I thought this was a front/back or foodrunner type situation. But it soon became clear that there was no order here, no one was responsible for our table & it was just sort of haphazard. (This is something we encountered in more than one restaurant in NOLA, but being used to good table service when we're paying for it was irritating to us.) Food came, my husband had the duck sausage which he said was good. He also had a beet & goat cheese salad, while I had an arugula salad with citrus dressing. Aside from a yummy dressing neither of these salads were anything to write home about & I could make a better salad in my kitchen at home. My salad was literally just arugula & nuts with dressing & it wasn't cheap. I could get a better salad at Panera for less. What made me write this review though was the lipstick on the glasses. After 10-15 mins or so, my husband realized the plastic water glass they gave us (that he had been drinking out of with no straws!) had a bright pink set of lipstick marks on the rim. I called one of our many servers over & pointed this out. He said "sorry about that" and brought us another. Not as apologetic as I would have been to one of my tables, but hey it's NOLA & it's just too hot for them to get worked up about anything. A few minutes later I'm drinking my iced-tea (same plastic glasses) & I notice evidence of pink lipstick on MY glass. I pull ANOTHER one of our servers over & point this out & even apologize for making a fuss but mention that this is the second time this has happened to us at this meal. This server say "Oh, huh. I'll get you another." Were this my table, I would have asked my manager to comp the meal, an app or at the very least the drink. Barring that (b/c managers can be sticklers sometimes) I would have prostrated myself with apologies & made sure the table felt that I was sorry & attentive & that everything else was OK. None of this happened. Instead she just brought me out another iced-tea, this time with a straw already in it, with NO WRAPPER ON IT! Anyone in the food service industry knows you either give the straws out still wrapped, or you rip the bottom off & put it in the drink with the top of the wrapper still on it. There are hygienic reasons for this. But I guess I shouldn't be surprised a restaurant that doesn't properly clean their glasses doesn't can about hygiene! We were pretty much ignored for the rest of our meal & left very disgruntled & lighter in the wallet. My advice if you really want yummy, healthy food that is unique & interesting go to Carmo in the Central Business District. Delish! & CLEAN!