This was my favorite neighborhood Chinese restaurant until today. I just received my delivery order and I am extremely disappointed. The french fries were undercooked soaked in grease (who can't make French fries?!),the crab Rangoon were empty, the lo mein was salty, the rice was dry, and the chicken was overcooked.I called to complain and was told everything " is the same" the manager said they were sorry I was unhappy and understood if I went somewhere else next time. Injury, meet insult. I feel they don't care about the quality of the food being produced, their reputation, or customer service. I will never eat again.I wanted Tapicoa tea. It was good and did not disappoint me. They offered a non diary option.I recently moved back to the city and I am soooo sad that I am no longer in their delivery area.  I love their food and the service is fast.  Never had a problem receiving my food and my order is always correct.  Everyone I have ever interacted with is courteous and helpful.  I usually get the General Tso chicken.  It's my favorite.  A friend of mine really likes the Kung Pao chicken and this is one of the few places she can order it from because it is gluten free.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because I can't get delivery to my house.I am confused by all the other reviews for a couple of reasons... firstly, this is not cheap Chinese food. Really, where have you all been getting Chinese from previously? 
While it isn't cheap, I almost always order from here b/c I have a gluten-intolerance and they will make sure that anything is safe for me - aside from the obvious things they can't change. Kung Pao is my favorite choice.
The food will last me a few days, which I love. They also are quite fast, ready before I get there every time... but then I have to drive from mid-city so maybe it isn't as fast as I think.
Either way, I love it.OK. I'm a Chinese food snob (maybe me being half Chinese have something to do with it) and while the food at Green Tea might not be the best around they sure make it in customer service AND delivery area. 
Their prices are very reasonable and they are very fast.Green Tea has really improved over the last couple of years. I ordered from them once in 2012 and wasn't impressed, but then the first recent order I placed was surprisingly excellent, so I have ordered delivery from there several times in the last two months, with consistent results.
I have had the steamed dumplings, which appear to be made in-house, with a delicate, fresh-tasting shell. I have also had the Mongolian Chicken and General Tso's, which were both very, very good.
Just as Jung's Golden Dragon seems to be slipping lately, Green Tea has really stepped up to the plate, and is much, much more affordable. Also Green Tea has online ordering, which is very convenient.I hate that I hate this place. It's close to home and I was glad to see something at that corner. BUT, I ordered and did pickup last night. I had to wait 20 minutes after the time it was supposed to be ready and it really was the most bland, almost gross, chinese food I've ever had. Maybe I ordered wrong. Had orange chicken and fried rice and like my daughter said - the Trader Joes frozen orange chicken is better and the fried rice - well might as well just serve plain rice for the taste that it had.Gross. Wanted to find a new Chinese place but I regret every bite, even though I only took a few nibbles before I threw it out. Ordered sweet and sour shrimp and the shrimp came with NO vegetables - just fried shrimp and nothing colorful or fresh at all. Plus the shrimps were SUPER TINY baby shrimps wrapped inside about an inch of doughy batter that just tasted like cornstarch. Disgusting.Dined in the restaurant a few times and it was so lovely, calm, and well decorated. Pretty bathroom fixtures, the faucets are like the flowing river of Lethe, which washes away all memories of stress and worry. I love the soups and noodle dishes. There are so many vegan and carnivorous options to delight in. As much as I love the dine-in beer special, delivery has been a godsend. Delivery has been as quick and wonderful as Juno and Cytheria, when they made it rain that fateful night.Delivery order completely wrong. Orange beef ended up being delivered as General Tso chicken, which honestly wasn't very good, phone order took about 15 minutes itself as the person on the line was clueless as to how to put in an order for Orange Beef. I gather they were having problems with their POS system and had to use the online system that customers would access. There is a reason I called, that system is worse than useless. They did offer to refire and deliver, but at that point, it would have been too late, there is a reason working folks sometimes do delivery- they are too tired to cook and want to get to bed.  Pity, I was so excited to have them open up in the neighborhood.It was better when it was Hot Wok.
The food is kinda greasy, but not disgustingly so.  Large menu.  But hey, they deliver.Could not believe this place offered HEALTHY choices in a place like New Orleans where the healthiest thing is Subway. 
I loved how they mixed Chinese and southern food like Crawfish fried rice, and Crawfish with garlic sauce. I recommend the healthy options where you can add as much sauce as you like.
This food is definitely not authentic Chinese but great, cheap fast food and worth the price. Great service as well.I am not the biggest fan of Chinese food, but my hubby loves it. Ordered from here for the first time expecting the same humdrum and was PLEASANTLY SURPRISED! Everything we ordered was delicious and was delivered in 20 minutes! Thank you for the great food and service!This place is not worth trying if you already have a favorite Chinese food place. We ordered for delivery and figured we would compare it to our go-to. The chicken is rubbery - maybe not even cooked all the way. The moo shu tortillas fall apart when you pick them up; they are not high quality wraps compared to others I have seen for moo shu. The moo shu filling is good. The steamed broccoli is good, but it's pretty hard to mess up broccoli. The brown rice is dry. The crab Rangoon is typical fried crab Rangoon. It's pretty good. I haven't eaten inside the restaurant, but the ambience does look nice. Overall, don't expect authentic Chinese food; expect the kind of Chinese food you want to order when you don't care about the authenticity.The food was very good. Staff were very nice. Will definitely go again. Glad they opened in our neighborhood.This place is middle of the road. Not so good that I'd ever crave it. Not so bad that I'd care enough to say something bad. The crab rangoons were tasty. And the shrimp with snow peas were good as well. The eggrolls were a miss though. And the portion of rice they give you is an insult. If you ever order here, be sure to buy extra or better yet, make your own rice at home. The portions of food are generous, but they are stingy with the rice.I order from this place from work and home. They are super fast and everything arrives hot! My son loves their nuggets and Their egg foo young is the bomb.comI was not impressed by the food. I ordered delivery and got the General tso chicken. The chicken was like a thin strip of fat. The sauce was good but I couldn't eat the chicken, it was pink and not appealing at all. My friend got the garlic shrimp, she said the sauce was good and did like the fact that they butterflies their shrimp but overall the food was okay. I probably will no order here again.I totally echo Robin H's review.  It's important to know what you're getting.  This is not fancy, blow me away, Chinese food.  But, I'm not always looking for that.  I stumbled upon this place while I was on my way back uptown from a French Quarter Happy Hour that went on longer than I expected, searching for  late dinner.  I was pleased to find this place still open (til 10 on weekdays, 11 on weekends).  
This is your typical Chinese takeout.  I got the Moo shu Shrimp, and it hit the spot.  The portions are huge!!  I stretched it out to 3 meals.  
I look forward to going back to check out other guilty pleasures on their menu.I'll give it two stars instead of one because I'd probably order  take out again if I absolutely HAVE TO. I always order the same thing at every Chinese resaurant - the Moo Goo Gai pan. This is probably the worse Moo Goo Gai pan I've ever had. It lacks taste so much. I ordered the lunch special, which isn't very large and I usually eat a lot. I didn't even finish half of it. I ordered from here thinking I was going to save money, but I think I wasted my money since it was so bad I couldn't finish it. And that's saying something. I eat EVERYTHING. I am barely picky about the way things taste, but this was just not edible. The Wonton soup was good though. I should've just ordered a very LARGE soup to make up for my entree. 
And just a side note, I'm not sure if this is always the case, but I did order take out and when I got back to work I had NO utensils to eat my meal and NO soy sauce. Everything lackedd flavor which is the only reason I'm complaining that they didn't add the soysauce to my bag. Luckily, I save plastic utensils and any left over condiments at my work. (But I love soysauce so much, I still didn't have any).
Ohh wellll.....A few hours after eating my orange chicken, the violent pain started.  I took delivery of Green Tea Chinese on Saturday evening.  Late afternoon the next day I FORCED myself out of bed (and away from the bathroom) to get to an MD.  FOUR prescriptions later (including Cipro, by the way) and the better part of a week later -- I could hold down Campbell's chicken noodle soup.  I've since talked to three people who had similar experience from that same Saturday (God only knows how others lived that hell).  I made a POINT to go there and tell the owner (the OWNER) the situation.  He offered me a free meal (?!).  Sadly I've heard from others since then.  It apparently was not a one-time/one-day event.  Tell your friends.  Tell your neighbors.  But don't bother telling the owner of Green Tea Chinese Restaurant.  He really doesn't give a rat's ass.  (Is THAT what they're calling "chicken"?)
As for the owner of said pit....  I have all the documentation of said rancid food event.  Delivery receipt, clinic receipt(s), pharmacy receipt(s).  Polish up your resume.I was desperate for wonton soup once. So desperate that I ordered from this hole in a mini-strip mall next to a Subway. The staff was unorganized, and couldn't figure out where my to-go order was 20 minutes after I placed it.
The soup? Well, it was hot temperature-wise.
Kids - don't ever be so desperate for soup that you order from this place.Decided to give Green tea another chance after some bad experiences at the old location. Turns out, I was right. Delivery service was quick, but General Tso chicken tasted extremely sweet, not spicy at all. I asked for extra spicy. Wonton soup had nothing but some chicken broth and 2 wontons. Hubby's was not much  better....extremely bland, no spice at all. Hot and Sour soup had the consistency of jello! It was such a disappointment. Just want some good consistent Chinese delivery. Will never eat there again.Definition of delivery chinese food.
Delicious Lo Mein!!
Great chicken selection. 
Tastier than the other similar choices in the city.Solid Chinese take out. I was skeptical at first based on yelp reviews, but the food was perfectly fine.  Three stars is exactly what it is 'a-ok'.I'm ordering about once per week from Green Tea at Napoleon Ave., and the food has always been good! I even went there in person and the restaurant looks clean and nice. They have outside seating in case you'd like to bring your dog with you, as well. The food is very much what you should be expecting from Chinese food: fresh, not over-cooked vegetables, good mix of spices and, last but not least, very nice service every single time! 
The food isn't very heavy and therefore a pleasure. And if you order delivery, they will arrive within the time frame they gave you on the phone. I hope they will implement some sweet stuff (ice cream, cake etc.) into their menu one day.Fast delivery, everything is piping hot and fresh when they deliver.
The dishes are well prepared, good quality, and always fresh. I have tried a wide variety of foods and never been disappointed.  
Family style meals are a great bargain and offer something for everyone. 
They will adjust the spiciness of a dish to suit you and there are several sauces and cooking options to choose from. 
Please note when they say spicy they mean it.
Friendly, fast and a great go to when you just don't feel like cooking.This is not a place to go to for good service. If you are dining in expect to wait for over an hour. Nothing special about the food to make up for how slow the service is. At least it's new and clean still...While I do not love this place, there are two factors that push me towards getting food from here on a semi-regular basis: 1) I love Chinese food and 2) my roommate loves the chicken nuggets that they pass for sweet and sour chicken.  I've tried a couple different things from here: cashew chicken, shrimp fried rice, kung po chicken, shrimp lo mein, steamed dumplings, and a few other things that I take from my roommates.  None of it has been awful, but none of it has been particularly amazing.  It is very American-ized and generic; all of the entrees come with basic veggies, your meat, and your sauce.  Overall, it's your normal greasy (and stress-relieving) chinese food.
Some of the pluses are, however, that the entrees come in small and large sizes so I can get three meals out of two small entrees for not very much money at all.  I also love that the food is always ready when I come pick it up and the delivery is fairly quick.  
Overall, if you are looking for greasy, fast,and edible Chinese food, then you will have no problems with Green Tea.  If you go in with expectations for anything else, then you will be dissapointed.Terrible food. Obvious frozen. Have tried 3 times because my gf likes their eggrolls. This last order was the worst yet. The wonton soup was fishy, the chicken fried rice was crunchy and the white rice was complete mush.this place is terrible - bad food, bad service and totally overpriced.  the hot and sour soup was not hot or tasty at all and was really starchy.  the chicken with garlic sauce, which was supposed to be spicy, was not spicy at all and the sauce was sweet - in a very bad way, with no garlic.  it's as if they don't care and just threw something together.  to make matters worse, the person who took the order was rude and the restaurant charges a ~20% delivery fee.  i didn't know about this fee and tipped the delivery person on top of this.  fifteen dollars wasted on this awful meal.  never again.Chinese take out.  Plenty of veggie options and they offer brown rice.  It was good, but it wasnt that good.
I will say it was clean, inexpensive, quick, and had plenty of options on their menu!I was a bit wary of this place due to some reviews, but decided to give it a try based on price and availability of delivery.  I ordered around 1:30 pm on a monday. The online ordering process was super easy and I was able to make substitutions & add extra sauce without trouble.  I ordered the Gen. Tso's Tofu with combination lo mein & crab rangoon. It arrived quickly and was piping hot.  The portion was generous for the main dish and it came with a just right serving of 2 crab rangoon.  The tofu was tasty, though fairly basic fast food level Chinese.  The crab rangoon was really good too. This isn't fine dining, but if you're craving some tasty, fast, and inexpensive delivery this fits the bill.solid Chinese take out. best option of its kind in the local area. and they deliver. affordable but not quite cheap. best bet is kung pao chicken but other good choices are the Singapore noodles and the dumplings are solid.  healthy options are basically steamed meat and veggies with brown or garlic sauce on the side with brown rice.  the combo plates are the best value and are actually a really good deal. but the fried rice is a little greasy for me so i usually just stick with the non combo options.my bf and i get take out from here at least once a week, foods great - def try crab rangoons, delivery's quick and prices are reasonable!We enjoyed the food. Even the guys that waited on us, were quite friendly. I didn't think is was bad at all. I had sweet and sour shrimp and it was not greasy at all. My husband had Dragon and Phoenix, as combo plate. He ate it all. He had the egg foo yung and he all that too...lol. He didn't have lunch, can you tell? Anyway, the place was very clean. It did not have that "greasy" smell. Just fresh and clean. I only gave it 3 stars because the napkins were tiny. The size of a piece of toilet paper. And the fact that there was nothing that made them stand out. And yes, we will be back. Fast, friendly, tasty, clean and cheap. You can't beat it.I have to agree that this place was much better when it was Hot Wok.  I got the General Tso tofu thinking that was a no brainer.  Portions are really big, definitely big enough to split, but the the flavor was way off.  It was spicy like it should be, but so sweet, with no garlic, sesame or other flavors.  It just tasted like hot candied tofu.  I had to really coat it with soy sauce to make it edible.  They take credit card but have a $10 minimum.  This is really one of the only Chinese places in the area, so I wish it were better, but I probably won't go here again.Green Tea accomplishes two things extremely well.  Those are: 1) being cheap; and, 2) being fast.  Their take out and delivery is very rapid and it's very difficult to beat them on price. The food, as you might expect, is average.  It's nothing to write home about, but you'll likely find a number of dishes that you really enjoy.  This is not high-end dining, but that's not what you're paying for at Green Tea. This is the "fast food" of Chinese. 
What Green Tea offers is speed and great value for money, which is something that has kept me coming back to them for years. If your delicate palate is offended by cheap eats, by all means, keep your nose upturned and stay away.  As for me, I like having some cheap Chinese now and again.Lets put it this way:
1 star for food:
Rice is nothing special. More vegetables than actual meat. Feels Greasy. Not that cheap.
1 star for delivering.
Great for lazy days but better deliveries available. 
In all, use only in cases of extreme laziness and culinary emergencies.This is very basic and very likely pre-packaged Chinese food that gets a good reheating in the wok.  It is probably a bit less quality than your usual Chinese buffet but they do give you large portions and they are usually very quick.  Depending on the dish you order you might get more or less of the highly probable frozen pre-packaged ingredients in your food.  I have gotten food here a handful of times and while not bad it certainly didn't have the zing of fresh veggies and the sauces were just ehhhh not so flavorful and it probably rates among the most bland Chinese I've ever had.  Depending on the rotation of who is working the front they may or may not speak English so you might have to point at what you want on the menu.  You can dine in, get delivery, or take out but the vast majority seem to get take out or delivery.The hot and sour soup was watered down and terrible.
The orange beef was fried dough balls.  The sauce was good, all they needed to include was actual beef!  What a shame.
Jung's Golden Dragon on Magazine and 7th is not very far and is far superior.  The prices are comparable.Egg rolls are the best, pork eggs....Wishing the Hot and Sour soup had larger tofu pieces. Over all it's a quick and easy place to order. The food always comes hot and quicker then usually....Thanks  Green TeaThis place is disgusting. Everything had a strange yellow tint to it, especially the fried chicken wings that come in the pupu platter. Never had one that was so poopoo.I'd like to give this place a two and four stars.  Can anyone understand that?   I'm gonna go with three and hope you can see what I'm getting at.
Two stars:  it's lousy "Chinese" food.  It's fried chicken covered in sticky, spicy sauce, served with fried rice and if I eat it with chopsticks I'm getting the full "experience" right?  Psh.  -- But really, isn't that what ALL take-out Chinese places are like?!
Four stars:  I love that it's lousy Chinese food.  That's half the reason I get it.  It's quick, close to home and they never disappoint (read: I know exactly what I'm getting ever.single.time).  It's sorta just a fast food substitution and I feel better about myself later because I didn't get the Chicken McNuggets and Shamrock Shake that I REALLY wanted.
Okay.  That's my story.  It's yummy.  It's typical.  I've never been let down.Loved this place! The staff was friendly and informative. The woman who took our order had great suggestions and explained all the dishes thoroughly. The food was fast, delicious and can't forget to mention the huge portions! Best Chinese I've found in NolaI ordered a thin rice noodle combo spicy with extra brocolli and egg. The first one to arrive only had shrimp and was very very bland. I called to complain and they sent me another one that had chicken and pork as well as shrimp and a couple of chillies in it, but it was still very very very bland. I'll never order from here again.
They are nice but there food isn't.I don't get the hate for this place - they're just as good as any other Chinese place in this city.  We ordered delivery from here last night - sesame chicken w/white rice, broccoli w/roast pork and brown rice, egg roll and crab rangoons.  Rangoons were tasty, though a little under filled, the egg roll was fried well, the main dishes were good, and we didn't have to put up with a pound of rice that we'll never eat - we were given the perfect amount to complement the dish.  For $25 (with delivery and tip) we couldn't have asked for much more.  I also liked the online ordering option - it just cuts out so many issues the phone can create.  We'll order from here again.This place is "ok".  Its not horrible nor great.  I ordered the shrimp fried rice, which was kind of dry, the crab Rangoon (), and the wonton soup.  All was decent but the rice.  If you ask me, this place is like any other mediocre chinease restaurant.  You would probably do better going to a chinease buffet.I am new in town this was the best Chinese food I have had in a long while . Staff very nice and friendly. This is definitely my place for Chinese food!!!!This is definitely my go to place for Chinese food. The food is good, the service is fast and  the restaurant is extremely clean. The only take away's are the staff are not very friendly and have to be engaged by the customer. But in their defense, they  are pretty busy with answering the phones and taking takeout orders. Would have given it 5 stars but it's very easy for them to forget about you if you're sitting in the restaurant at the tables.Had it now that it's reopen, fried rice has zero seasoning, crab rag was good, sesame seed chicken was over sauced with gooey overly sweet sauce,  egg drop soup had no green onions, even though I asked for extra. Too afraid to taste the egg roll. Staff was not at all knowledgeable, which I could understand since it's newly opened, but food didn't make up for that at all.First of all, they messed up my order. I ordered sesame chicken and got sweet & sour chicken, which is just chicken nuggets with some sauce that comes on the side. I also ordered crab rangoons which were terrible - basically just fried dough without any filling. So awful. It's pretty close to my apartment so I wish it was better :( but it's awful and I'll never be going back. If you are craving chinese food it's worth it to drive out to Red Star and skip this place.Very sad to say we found a cockroach in our food while eating here. I wish we wouldn't have because the flavors were good and service was quick. Can't justify an uncleanly location though!We ordered for lunch. We loved it!! Will definitely be repeat customers ! I was very happy to be able to modify my daughter lo mein so I didn't have to pick the vegetables outI have just learned that many of the dishes marked "Tofu & Vegetables" are not even vegetarian. 
First, I discovered chicken fat in a dish that I ordered under the impression that it was vegetarian.
The next day, I called the restaurant to inquire about ingredients in their vegetable dishes and was told that all of the dishes in this section are made with chicken broth. I feel that selling vegetable dishes made with chicken broth without a statement of the ingredients makes a restaurant highly untrustworthy.
I would advise that vegetarians not consider this restaurant until they improve transparency about their ingredients.I'm wedged in that bit of Uptown that is serviced by Chinese delivery either by China Wall or Green Tea, and though Green Tea is marginally more expensive than China Wall it is of MUCH higher quality. We order rather frequently and have tried a bunch of things--the dinner for 2 is a great deal, less than $20 for plenty of food. We ordered the glass noodles last night and they were absolutely spectacular, as well as the general Tso's chicken--you can tell there is a lot of TLC in the food. What I appreciate the most is that they have chili oil and if I request an item extra, extra spicy, they actually make it the way I want it and don't shy away. Plus, everytime I've  called in they're really, really kind, which is so much more than I can say for China Wall's trash service. All so great, my favorite!I was very excited for this place to open as it's nearby my house. But when I ordered it the other day (my third time), it was just as disappointing as the previous two times.  
I've tried several different (simple) dishes, like chow mein, fried rice, and other staples and all were pretty awful. My fiancé got broccoli with garlic sauce and we ended up throwing most of it away. The only things I'd order there again would be the white rice and the crab rangoons (although last time they had almost no filling, just air).This might be the fastest delivery service in the city , it's very consistent and I must say it's some of the best cheap Chinese food uptown . The restaurant is nice if you have time to stop by and eat if not don't be afraid to call it in for delivery..Finally ordered delivery after 2 years post their old location on Magazine. And I swear they are the best in this category for quality, price, delivery area, convenient ordering. I still have leftovers on day three and hands down the best Hot and Sour soup in the city, the minced garlic is delish- I wish I had ordered a large. Crab Rangoon comes with 7! Ample sauce in the bottom of bag. Yay Green Tea, you are clutch as always and I love you!Really fast good Chinese! Have a great healthy alternative to traditional dishes. I love THE CHICKEN ON A STICK it's a appetizer. Omg so sos goodGreat place and the sweet and sour soup is amazing i definitely would recomand this place if you live uptown and you are looking for Chinese restaurant.Staff is extremely rude and gives out false information. Then when I went in to rectify my wrong order the lady at the counter laughed in my face. Will never be going back.Ordered takeout after the Irish Parade really, really like it!  Had it delivered was timely and very fresh when it arrived 
Got the Dragon and Phoenix spiced just right and with a side of the house fried rice enough left over for lunch the next day. 
Awesome to finally have a good Chinese take out place near us in Uptown!!!Perfect Chinese take out or dine in. Food is prepared FAST and the delivery is speedy quick as well. The beers are insanely cheap, and their food prices are pretty cheap too. One of my favorite places to get lo mein in town - SO GOOD!Boooo! They are currently closed till 2016. Moving to a new location at Napoleon and S. Claiborne. A CVS is going in at the old location on Magazine and Louisiana. I've been craving their food and wondering why the online ordering was down and no one answered the phone. Got a answering machine today with the news. bummed.Really friendly, good quality food for the price. If you order online it lets you basically create your own dish and you can load up on veggies. Definitely a good value for what you are gettingThis is probably the worst Chinese food I've ever had.  I ordered the lunch special of broccoli beef.  The beef didn't even seem like real beef, not sure what it was.  It was super soft and chewy and very fatty.  The broccoli was over cooked as well as the rice.  Covered in too much sauce to try and make it taste better.  Customer service isn't hat great either, if you sat at a table you still had to walk up to order.  I tried it once before and didn't like it and thought I'd try again and it was a major mistake.  Find somewhere else for Chinese if you want to be fed for real.Just a thought. How 'bout you stop littering the Irish Channel with your flyers. They don't help your business....just the opposite. You're as bad as the Advocate.Ordered delivery.. prior to delivering restaurant (not delivery driver) called asking how much I was planning on tipping so that they could determine whether it was worth delivering (mind you I've never tipped less than $5-$10.. place is 2 blocks away). I'm speechless.While I will admit that this is not the best chinese food around ,they are not the worst..
They certainly have a lot of options on their menu though. Also their delivery was speedy .
The food is pretty cheap. This place is pretty good if you have the munchies but not much cash.Well yesterday I took my wife for dinner here as we usually do once a month.  The white Tattoo lady was so ugly and impolite.... we ordered a vegetable tofu soup and chicken with Chinese vegetables, the  system they have, doesn't work very well, you place the order in the front and then they walk around with the dish asking who ordered that???? 
So she came around with the soup and asked us, we said yes, a few minutes later my wife heard when she asked another table if they had ordered the chicken with chines vegetables, it sounded like they had some confusion going on, we were seated pretty far away so we didn't say anything.  Later she realized that was our order, as she walked by my wife said to her, so you brought out chicken to the wrong table... she quickly replied very nasty and said out loud and nasty, I asked you and you didn't reply, with such a horrible attitude she walked away, my wife was so upset by her attitude and loud ugly response, that we left the restaurant, not before telling her she was in the wrong job if she hated her job so much.  As we spoke to the other cashier the phone rang, and the other cashier asked her, can you please answer the call?  She replied NO again in a loud ugly tone.   It's so sad to run into people that are miserable doing what they do, and they take it out on the customers.  Hopefully the owner will read this, as we asked to speak to the owner or manager and the young Chinese girl said he was out of town.  That's probably why she was acting like that.  
We have had a business for over 30 years, and we are all about customer service, it's sad that an employee leaves such a terrible experience in a simple act of having a pleasant dinerThe good aspect of Green Tea is their set meals which are cost effective for the student life. It comes with fried rice, egg rolls, soup, and an entree. The food was just okay. Service is fast and the food comes out quickly. The fried sweet and sour pork pieces were the best part to me. Portions were large and plentiful. 
This is a large restaurant with tons of seating and parking. There are regular customers and people coming in and out for take-out. This seemed like a family owned restaurant because their kids were doing homework or running around next to me. 
Tl;dr: good quick, standard Americanized Chinese menu. Great for take-out and a quick meal. Get the set meals.5 stars for friendly driver, easy online ordering, accurate, inexpensive, and speedy delivery. Portions are large and nice packaging that can be reused. I ordered the Mandarin Chicken combo with Shrimp Fried Rice and Crab Rangoon, a small Combo Lo Mein, small Hot and Sour soup and a coke. As far as taste, it was standard , little greasy ( not a deal breaker), I was not expecting fireworks. But for all the other good stuff going, it does the job. The soup was good, huge mushrooms and tofu slices, nice taste to it. The noodles also decently flavored. Shrimp in both dishes tasted fine and was plentiful. Chicken was nice and crispy, unlike some fried varieties that are soggy, especially after delivery. Perhaps they use panko on this? Reminds me of Katsu. I'd hoped the peanut sauce would be sweeter, but there was duck sauce. If you're debating ordering here, do it. value, time, predictable standard fares and portions are well worth it. My only complaint is no napkins in order and I wish they had root beer available (coke, d.coke, sprite). I will always use Green Tea for Chinese delivery.Take a hint from the website name.  "Green Tea...NO."
Repeat twice if it's a tofu dish you want.I'm so glad they are open today because I've been making it a point to eat some Chinese food every year on Christmas Day . I really like coming here for the simple fact the workers are nice and they let me take control of the tv when I come in to eat ... I always get the generals chicken and some fried dumplings and they are always cooked perfect . I was coming here always once a week for a few weeks .Ordered basic meals. General Tso and Sweet and Sour Chicken. Delicious! And delivered quickly and friendly. Rice is fluffy and plenty of shrimp. Almost a meal by itself. Egg roll was NOT greasy. I love that. Thank you. Here's hoping for consistency.Really good Chinese food for such a cheap price! The staff is friendly and the takeout is ready very quickly. The steamed dumplings are very good and the fried rice is cooked perfectly. It is also a huge bonus that they deliver. Would definitely go back!general tso's tofu was more like sweet and sour tofu with some chili sauce added.
surprisingly the vegetable fried rice was decent.
nice to see crawfish with lobster sauce on the menuCompletely tasteless food. Just really bad Chinese food and food in general. To add to the disaster, I ordered hot and sour soup in my delivery order and did not get any. The only somewhat redeeming thing about this place are the dumplings...not bad. 
I would avoid this place unless you just want some dumplings.Green Tea will definitely NOT blow you away. The food is subpar at best.  I will say the lunch specials are decent, and are the only reason I would considering ordering from here again. If you're looking for good food, look past this place. If you're a bit low on money and about 2pm and desperate, maybe then, and only then.