Went here with my girlfriend and her daughter. 
First, no one sat us. The host pointed at me and then at a table from across the room. 
Then, we sat waiting for someone to come to our table as 5 other groups (not an exaggeration) were seated and served. We left before anyone ever even spoke to us. 
Our child was well-behaved and there was no obvious reason that someone would not want to serve us. They were actively ignoring us, and it wasn't even busy. I don't know whether it was because we had a child with us, or because I'm white and my girlfriend is Indian, or maybe they just didn't like us. 
I suggest the Oyster Factory across the street. Everyone is very friendly and no one will be rude to you.Stopped in this place because it was way too hot to continue walking to the place I originally had planned. Not impressed. I got an average breakfast that didn't seem to hard to mess up. Over medium eggs with bacon and potatoes. Eh nothing special about it. It was brunch time so I got a screw driver which was over priced for the not-so-heavy hand and size of the glass. Don't recommend. I'm giving it 3 stars because of my choice of food and also because the staff is friendly.This restaurant has a great atmosphere...very lively and festive. I really enjoyed being here and we had a great waiter. The food, however, was mediocre. I ordered the blackened chicken salad...$14. The chicken was dry and it lacked great flavor. It was okay. Overall a decent experience.Extremely costly ripping off tourists. Services is not good and the quantity is so little that might leave you hungry even after lunch. This place is close to a Public Car park and crowded with tourists. Trust me, its not worth it. Keep away.Very goo gumbo!  Great drinks.  Excellent service!Bleh. 
We arrived for lunch on a Saturday afternoon in the middle of summer, anxiously awaiting a delish Cajun lunch in the French Quarter... Oh boy, were we disappointed...
After waiting outside in the hot summer heat for a good 10 minutes, we were seated by the host in a pretty big hurry. (No big deal, it's a lunch rush... Right?)
We were given about 20-30 minutes to look over the menu... (About 30 times over) until my evil glares finally caught the attention of a passing server that asked "have you been served yet?" .... Commence evil glare
(Mind you, every other table had their drinks refilled or orders placed while we continued to stare off into the distance)
My gumbo ya ya was pretty good... My boyfriend's catfish and oyster platter was just mediocre. Pretty disappointing given we waited that long
Although our experience was subpar, the other tables around us seemed to have very friendly and attentive servers. Guess we lucked outService was TERRIBLE! Our waitress took forever to come and greet us/take our drink orders, it seemed as if she hated the fact that she was working their, food was pretty bad. 
I ordered the red beans and rice -Straight out of the box red beans and rice has more flavor than this. Extremely bland, mushy and gross! we were starving and this was the first place we could find, wish we would have yelped it first as their was other places down the street with much better reviews. 
My friend ordered the gumbo and that was pretty bad too, she ended up not eating it. We were bloated and nauseas for the rest of the day! 
Worst place we experienced in NOLA, STAY AWAY!! BAD SERVICE, EVEN WORSE FOOD!!Definitely a tourist trap! I needn't say more - but I'll elaborate.
Mr. J, myself, and another couple decided on the Gumbo Pot for dinner on New Year's Eve. Not wanting to wait in lines, we were excited when we were quickly seated. Let me point out - this should have been our first red flag. We waited for what seemed like an eternity to order. Our server, who was almost pseudo-excited to wait on us, took our drink orders and then never came back with them. We had to ask about the beverages, flatware, and napkins. Mr. J had ordered a salad and still had not arrived after we finished appetizers and we had to ask for it as well. They gave us complementary cups of gumbo for the inconvenience of waiting. It was tasty, but probably a 4 on a scale of 1-10 when compared to other gumbo I've had in NOLA.
Once our entrees arrived, the disappointment peaked. Two of us had ordered the New Orleans Special which had jambalaya, creole, and ettoufe. The ettoufe had no flavor except for 'burnt'. The creole was watery, glorified tomato sauce, and the jambalaya tasted like it came out of the Zatarain's box. 
Mr. J had ordered chicken parmesan since he was in the mood for something different and the marinara sauce was almost a spot-on match for the creole. Gross! With the hundreds of restaurants in the area, there's no point wasting your time or money here.Gumbo yaya is meh-meh. Nothing exceptional. Try other places before coming here, cause New Orleans is supposed to have the best Cajun/creole cuisine and this isn't the best example of it.This is a low 2 stars. 
Went here for breakfast and ordered a banana blintzers. They were out of bananas and let me know 5 minutes after ordering. So I got the apple and cinnamon one. The blintzes was good. The topping was not. They were not real apples or if they were they were soaked in the syrup. Not cool and not good.
Hubby had the St. Peter omelet. The portion was huge. The grits were good. The omelet  was filled with ham was not fluffy.
We each had a 8oz glass of orange juice. I had s hard attack when k received the bill to learn they charged $5.75 for each (with no refills). Are you serious? The 2 juices cost more than my meal. 
The prices are insanely high and not worth the service, food quality or timeliness of the kitchen.This was such a waste of money and my palette in very unhappy with what I ate. I had the "taste of N.O." Which consisted of "bland red beans and rice, crawfish étouffée which tasted really fishy and old and a gumbo which tasted like sour milk... How does tomato taste like this is unknown to me". My rice was undercooked and still crunchy. This was such a waste of 55$ (included 2 drinks) for me and my man that we still tried to eat most but couldn't do it. I'll see if I can add the picture. I haven't left a review ever, but really had to, because this place was a waste of money. More of a tourist trap. The waitress, however was very friendly, so not extremely overall bad experience. Still only 1 or a 0.5 star worthy. Horrible, please don't waste your time trying to obtain authentic, seasoned food here, the regular breakfast platter is perhaps a better choice. Who can mess up French toast? Or grits.The food was YUM! We got the catfish platter which melted in your mouth!! And a large bowl of the yaya gumbo, delicious! My first visit to New Orleans and the food left a great impact! Will return!I am actually here right now writing this... Waiting for the last 15 minutes to get a refill on my soda or water. Waitress has a bad attitude. Prices are ridiculous for what you get. 10 little fried shrimp on a roll for 17$ Gumbo had a scoop of rice in it... Some of the rice was dried out and hard as a rock. Since it was stirred in, every bite had pieces of hard rice in it. Certainly can find much better than this place in New Orleans.The Yelp coupon for a free glass of wine was a summer promotion no longer available.  It is mid October maybe they should remove it.  The food was okay our server was a little forgetful but nice. Th did serve as be in pretty dirty glasses.  A little pricey for what you get though.The food was real good for the most part I felt it was over priced by like 40% per dish. I had the Gumbo  combo and my wife ordered the Catfish and shrimp with frys combo.We did not go for the food. We came in to throw back a few at the bar while taking a break from the heat.  Mixed drinks did the job and the beers on tap were priced pretty well.  Super chill atmosphere.The service was horrible, no drink refills, no checking on the food...when asked what was good on the menu, the server said, I don't know, everything. The food left much to be desired, flavorless and salty. When the food came out, the order was wrong.  Another meal was so salty, we said we didn't want it, to which the server replied, "we don't usually take things off the check..."  Never again.Good service and location. The gumbo was better at st Marie bar. But the staff here is very nice, fast device.My husband and I strolled to the Gumbo Pot since it came highly recommended. It's too bad I didn't read the reviews prior to us eating there because we could have spent $45.00 eating better food elsewhere. 
  It was 10:30 in the morning, so no lunch rush and after waiting about 2-3 minutes, we were greeted by a hostess with the personality of stale bread. She then informed us we could seat ourselves (although the sign at the hostess stand clearly stated "wait to be seated") so we chose a table and sat down. Our intention was to have some "New Orleans" real gumbo and half a sandwich. Oh and NEVER call it a sandwich...I'll get to that later. It was cool and dampish out and we agreed today would be a great day to try some gumbo. Now mind you, we have lived in Metairie ( a suburb not too far from New Orleans) for nearly 2 years so we aren't tourists and know what the food should taste like. Also I work at a bistro in Metairie and have been exposed to all the ins and outs of how to prepare these dishes properly. I just wanted to "try" someone else's' recipe to make a comparison.
  That being said, we ordered a bowl and cup and 1 full shrimp Po-Boy sandwich (ooops, I did it again) The gumbos were brought out shortly after the order was placed, tepid in temperature at best. Mind you it wasn't cold at all outside and our gumbo didn't stay warm at all which means it was never really "hot" to begin with. The Po-Boy sandwich was brought out shortly thereafter. We "dressed" it ourselves (in the bistro where I work, we serve the Po-Boy dressed and ready to eat.) So now, on top of the tepid soup cooling, we have to build our own freaking sandwich.....oh and now to the sandwich thing..(.I was CORRECTED by our server that "in New Orleans, they aren't called "sandwiches" they're called Po-Boys)......oh really? I am paying the bill and your wage, so if I want to refer to it as a SANDWICH, I will. I'm not FROM New Orleans and frankly could turn out a "SANDWICH" or Po-Boy better with one hand tied behind my back. 
  After we completed our meal, we got the bill of $45.00. We signed the receipt and left a $6.00 tip, which I think was a lot considering the food was crap and the thing about the "sandwich" which really took me aback. Now, for the clincher....the server (whose name we never got) had the audacity to say something to this effect: "Damn, what'd I do to piss ya'll off?" My husband looked at him and said "What are you talking about?...we left you a s$6.00 tip"...oh so then the server corrected himself and said, "Oh I didn't see that"!!!!!   Really?????? Food: blah and bland at best; service is worse. I wouldn't recommend this spot to a horse that just rode into town....you'd be better off chewing hay in a barn. Save your money and go elsewhere, I know we will.Horrible. Rude staff, rude management, horrible prices. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.It's over priced! I had the combo plate. Not good! My rice was very dry & my friends was too. I told the waiter & he happily brought me some thing he recommended. The shrimp was great, the rice again was a fail. It was yellow & looked soo delicious; too bad it was almost raw! The service was great the food not at allLet me state that this was not our first time here and the restaurant was not crowded.  Other times we've been, the service was pretty decent.  Service this time was HORRIBLE.  We had asked to be seated for 6.  The 'hostess' (older lady with braids) was extremely rude and had an attitude as if we were interrupting her day.  We sat and waited for at least 10 mins for a waiter/waitress to come ask us for our drink order until my husband finally got up and asked if there was anyone who could help us.  The waitress shows up and we order our drinks and 2 cups of gumbo for others in our party.  Now as we were eating our gumbo, another large group asked to be seated as well.  Approx. 15mins later our waitress comes by and takes our food order.  Still NO ONE waited on the other table at all. They got up and walked out.  My husband commented that at least 2 other tables did the same thing.  Additionally, one gentleman was treated VERY RUDELY by the same 'hostess'.  I didnt catch the entire exchange but she told him in a raised voice 'sir I told you to have a seat right there'.  Back to our order-I asked if I could order just a simple dinner salad to go with a meal I was ordering and I was told no.  Whats on the menu are the only items we could order.  So I opted not to order anything other than my cup of gumbo.  Getting refills at this place was next to impossible.  The last straw came for me was when they locked the doors leading into the 'mall'.  I asked if I could leave and was asked why by the same rude 'hostess' .  Why!?!  First I don't think I would need to ask permission or give a reason as to why I want to walk out of the door.  But because I was asked...I told her I needed to go the bathroom.  'Well our bathrooms are around the corner.  Yes but your bathrooms are full and the only available one was dirty'.  If I could post a pic of the dirty/sarcastic look I received.  'Well I'll get those cleaned for you right away ma'am'.  I said to her ' Can you just please open the door?'.  This was it.  I was done.  Had it not been for the other people in my party that weren't finished eating I would've walked out.  NEVER again  will we eat here. NOLAs business/revenue is based on great food and customer service/hospitality.  I would rather wait an hour at a restaurant for both than 15 mins at restaurant that treats their customers like crap.Assumed it was a tourist trap, since it was connected to a shopping mall. I went anyways, since I was a tourist visiting NOLA for a wedding. Had the shrimp remoulade for an appetizer and really liked it. After that, everything went south. I had a combination platter entree, which consisted of jambalaya, creole shrimp, and crawfish étouffée. These ranked average to below average (jambalaya was way below average) when compared to other places I have eaten in New Orleans. Our waiter was extremely slow and did not check-up on us very much, and he served one of our drinks in a cracked cup, which ended up dripping all over the floor before we noticed. There are plenty of better places in NOLA to eat.Utter garbage. This place is horrible . They don't pay employees on time , they have zero structure,management takes tables even though that  is unethical . The owner takes all the cash so the servers can't get paid . He just gambles it away or spends it on Coke . I have zero respect for this so called restaurant . It will likely go out under because the rent isn't being paid on time either . Just shameful. The bartender doesn't get a drawer to make change (because the owner takes ALL the cash ) that's very shady . The cooks roll blunts on the service line while cooking food . Service standards are horrible and guests suffer with RUDENESS and ignorance sprinkled into their meals. This place is such a crooked and disgusting operation. No one that works there cares about anything .It was a hot day when we wandered into the Gumbo Pot. We really wanted a great po-boy lunch but the place was SO expensive. My thought is that for good cookin' it doesn't have to break the bank but this place left a hole in my wallet. 
The server was nice and the food came out quickly. My wife ordered a shrimp po'boy and I got the crab cake appetizer. The po'boy was alright, not the best we've ever had and certainly not the cheapest. I think the problem was that they were fried flavorless shrimp on a roll. There wasn't anything noteworthy about their flavor and nothing blew me out of the water
 My crab cakes were good. The spice was good and they were a decent size. The cake was mostly crab meat which I was pleasantly surprised me!
We were slightly disappointed with this place but it was close to the doc we were meeting at for a tour.
Probably not a place I will be going to again.I had the Blackened Red Fish. It was exquisite. I highly recommend this place. Friendly wait  staff and amazing food.My wife and I went for a walk by the water in the afternoon and decided to stop at and outdoor restaurant and eat lunch. We were greeted by a man referring to me as Charlie and my wife as an angel...I was not amused. 
The man who seated us took our drink order and about twenty minutes later a woman came to out table asking what we would like to drink. I understand that when a table sits outside you run the risk of your server forgetting about you. I do not understand why that man asked us what we would like to drink and then never got the drinks or told the waitress. We were not bothered though, we were busy talking about the Oak Alley Plantation we went to earlier that day. We reordered our drinks and ordered our food. 
     Christina ordered a past jambalaya and I ordered the fried seafood platter. The seafoord plater was fine, you cannot really mess that up. The pasta was atrocious. The meat was obviously precooked, presliced and refrigerated. The "cook" did not make sure the meat was heated all the way through. The chicken was cold and dry. The sausage had shrivled in the frige and did not quite plump back up so there were rings of casing throughout the dish, maybe that is some kind of creol technique have not yet heard of. Tha sauce was very sweet not at all charateristic of a jamalaya and the pasta was overcooked and mushy.
     The waitress never returned to the table so we got the Charlie's Angels guy over to hep us out. The woman seemed less than concerned when she finally made her way out to the table. Christina had some of my lunch so we did not order anything else. 
     When she brought the check she waited and watched as we counted the money and but it in the check presenter. Than she had time for.The Creole combo was a perfect, nice size helping of the three dishes. I'm sad I can't recall the name of the hostess because she was great! Friendly, very funny and super helpful. Had to take a star off because of our waitress. She seemed to not want to be there. However, the hostess continued to check on us throughout the meal.The food was the only good thing about this place.  Hostess was rude and did a terrible job. Our waitress never checked on us and was very unhappy about her job.Your only getting 2 stars because your bloody marrys were delicious, otherwise food 100% sucks+service, I should have looked up reviews first.I went to The Cajun Pot on the recommendation of my cab driver. He said they had great Gumbo, and was close to my hotel. I ended up deciding on the Jambalaya pasta and a cup of Gumbo. They were both incredible! They offer great seating inside or outside. Our service was top notch. I am definitely looking forward to returning!This was probably one of the worst meals I have ever had in New Orleans and I have visited the city many times.  The food here was not good in any way. I would tell my friends to RUN not walk to get to a different restaurant for their meal.  The undercooked fries looked like they came out of a bag of Ore-Ida frozen fries and were so bland that they had almost no flavor. The bread on our sandwiches was stale. AND to make matters worse, I broke a crown on a tooth when I bit into a large chunk of oyster shell that was fried in my Oyster Po Boy. Obviously the oysters had not been properly cleaned. When I reported it to the manager, he was rude to me, refused to do anything about it, and even suggested I was faking the whole thing. Unfortunately for him, it happened at a business lunch with five witnesses. I have repeatedly contacted them since, and they have not even bothered to respond. Find somewhere else to eat in the French Quarter. ANYWHERE ELSE.I have to agree with other posts great gumbo, crab cakes and a lot better hurricanes than bourbon streetOk so we came to this restaurant on accident after thinking it was the Gumbo Shop. Well we didnt realize this til the next night when we saw the real one but I would have to say that it was a great mistake. The gumbo was pretty good but once we added some Louisianan hot sauce, it was absolutely delicious!! We also order the chicken parmesan po boy thinking it was going to be marinara sauce and chicken...boy was I wrong and boy was I pleasantly surprised! They had the perfect toasted roll and inside was breaded chicken, cheese and the sauce was actually a gumbo sauce...IT WAS AMAZING!!!! It was hands down the best Po Boy I ever had!Souvenir shopping on Decatur and in search for a good spot to eat.  This looked like a great option - relaxed casual restaurant, right by the river, and amidst the Decatur Street/French Quarter happenings.
It was about 9pm on Saturday evening and at first, I was unsure if they were still taking customers because I stood outside at the empty host entrance for a good 10 minutes (awkwardly, while the customers dining on the outside patio stared at me).  I'd been prepared to walk away after about 5 minutes until a couple fell in line behind me and we just waited it out together.
When the greeter did come around, he apologized for the wait...he was serving tables along with seating.  I was ordering out so he provided me with a menu and pointed me to the bar.  It wasn't too busy at this time inside or outside the restaurant, a few others dining, but the bar was busy and full.   When I approached, the bartender was completely attentive to me and taking my order.  Food was ready in about 15 minutes and packed well for my walk back to the hotel.
I had the shrimp po boy and a cup of the seafood gumbo.  The po boy had generous helpings of large shrimp but flavor was just a tad bland...still really good though and better than any po boy I've had in Chicago!  The seafood gumbo was mild, not spicy, which was perfect for me...large portions of shrimp, okra, sausage, and crab.  I finished the gumbo but couldn't finish the sandwich.
Overall, I was happy.  It was a great meal....wish I lived in New Orleans so I could eat like this every day!We had just visited the aquarium and were looking for a good place to eat some cajun food.  We walked down to the Jax brewery and decided to eat here.  I had been really looking forward to a good roast po-boy but also wanted to try some of their other dishes.  I got the Taste of Louisiana and my wife got the roast po-boy and we shared.  The Taste of Louisiana came with crawfish etouffee, jambalaya, and red beans and rice.  This biggest problem with this dish is it is all together on one dish and the red beans and etouffee mix together so you really can't tell what is what.  The next problem is my etouffee had one crawfish tail.....seriously?!?  One.  The jambalaya was not good at all.  The roast beef po-boy had deli roast which is not what I am used to.  It wasn't sloppy either which is a requirement in my book.  To top it all off there was a disgruntled employee complaining about her check and she proceeded to start knocking things off of tables including a ketchup bottle which broke right behind us.  Management never offered us anything for having our dining experience interrupted.  Based on what you get, I did not think this place is worth the money.Excellent service, in town for Allstar Game, and wife's birthday,  so we went here with kids. Happy greeters, excellent Gumbo, Catfsh was excellent, son got steak and shrimp,  so much food we could not finsh. Gave wife nice cake and everyone sing happy birthday.This Decatur street fixture serves up good food, but the price is a little steep. Still, we enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.First timer, I ordered the Gumbo Ya Ya and it was delicious but to me it's too salty (maybe that's the creole season), shrimp roasted pepper is delicious with the spaghetti sauce over, and the Creole Combination (is jambalaya, crawfish etouffee, & another diff sauce but forgot at the moment) this was good but was not the étouffée sauce I thought would be. Over all everything we ordered was good or delicious!  the service was good but a little slow for the service.Cannot say enough about this place! Great food (try the red fish it's unbelievable!), great atmosphere, and unparalleled customer service!  Our server was Greg and he was so nice and made our entire meal so good!  Can't wait to come back!AVOID!!!! They deserve zero stars. Manger is extremely rude! Food is disgustingly subpar especially for the prices. I wouldn't order water from here let alone a dish. Cleanliness is an issue. So many better options elsewhere. Don't waste your time or money at this tourist trap.I seem to be the odd duck here but I thought the service was great. I just meandered in and they were obviously busy when the manager approached me and I told him I needed a seat. He took me to a table, cleaned it himself and gave me a menu. The waitress was attentive and refilled my drink readily. The shrimp po boy was awesome, plenty of lightly battered shrimp and the bread was fantastic. So worth the money. I would definitely return!.If you happen to fall upon a sign that reads "The Gumbo Pot,". please save yourself the time, money, and appetite for a good experience by making a 180 degree turn in a direction other than straight ahead. 
Upon entering this said facility, expect to be greeted in a bizarre manner by someone clearly under the influence of some mood-altering substance, who's attention span is equivalent to that of a toddler and behavior mimics that of a psych patient who just escaped from the local psych facility. Furthermore, said hostess is completely and utterly unknowledgeable about anything on the menu.
After being seated, you're "kindly" introduced to your waitress who lacks any sort of passion or desire to serve you, but rather more than likely thinking about when she can take her next smoke break. Don't ask her for any suggestions on what you should order, as she will more than likely pick the only thing she can, at that moment, remember exists on the menu, with absolutely no enthusiasm. 
On to the food. 
My dining partner and I were lead to choose between "po-boys, jambalaya pasta, and gumbo" as the go-to "recommended" meal choices in favor of a pleasurable dining experience. Before we could order, we had to endure a loud, obnoxious, brain rattling blow horn from a tourist boat that interrupted the ordering process several times. Part of the experience though right? 
Appetizer- " gumbo ya ya and sea food gumbo" aka Gordon Ramsey's kitchen nightmare. There was no distinction between the two dishes as they both were brown, amber, and chili like in color and taste. Further, the arms of bottom feeding sea creatures made appearances in both dishes as if to say " this should resemble the sea." A crab-like arm that is inedible should not be part of any dish, that's why there is shrimp right? 
Main entrée-" the build your own Po Boy and the microwaved jambalaya pasta" 
The shrimp was fried and ok in taste like the one at KFC or Popeyes.  However, when a dish costs $15-$22, there's an expectation that the aesthetic appeal should correlate the price point. In addition, all the ingredients were on the side of the plate which would have made sense if it were a build your own type of dish. Lastly, the bread tasted like that of the bottom shelf bakery bread that's on sale for 20 cents. It was already hard, stale, and the green part has to be removed before consuming. 
The jambalaya pasta was seriously a pre-cooked $22 dish that had 5 small grilled shrimp, undercooked andouille sausage, sketchy grilled chicken, and mixed colored pasta noodles. The sauce in a ravioli can is not only more flavorful but more memorable than the sauce in this dish. 
Final remarks:
If you're looking to embrace the New Orleans culture with quality dining, and a bang for your buck, this is NOT the place to go. The overall experience was lack-luster at best. Upon leaving this establishment, be sure there's a bathroom nearby. You'll need it!Stopped in for a quick bite and it turned out to be a wonderful lil place to get lunch. The staff were great and the food was spot on!Veil po-boy was very tender. Seafood Gumbo had a nice spice to it. Added about three taps of Louisiana hot sauce to it.Out of all the places I ate this place has been one of the worst service place ever. It took them about 15 minutes for them to finally greet us n then seat us. After seating us, we waited for 25 minutes for a server to come serve us but no one came by. Two other table came by n they served them before us. the place wasnt even busy. so when we got up yo leave because no one served us. They didnt even care. Rude! Worst service ever. Im a server myself n I know how the job works. I can serve better than themAfter our server smoked a cigarette right in front of us on the patio, he went and picked up our food without washing his hands.  Then upon entering the bathroom the chef was smoking inside the bathroom (WHAT???).  He quickly put out his cigarette and left without washing his hands as well.   The food was decent but not great and service was terrible.  The server knew nothing about anything on the menu.  I would never eat here again with so many better options across the street on Decatur.First off let me say the food was good and it sucks that the service we received was sub par.
It seemed like we got the worse table because everyone around us was happily eating. So let's start by saying it took about 20 mins to get some water and three separate  times with 2 different people to take our orders. Bread was still missing in action. Yes, the first time our order was taken the waiter, Mickey like the Mouse, didn't do his job. He forgot to put it in and lost the slip. So instead of immediately coming to us and saying there was an issue, he avoided us as if somehow our food would magically appear. After about a hour of waiting, the weather was getting colder, so we asked for a manager. The manager came and told us Mickey was new and she would fix everything. We moved inside and let's just say all the manager took care of was feeding her face. We still had a little wait for our food, yes even after providing our order a fourth time. When the food came, mines was lukewarm. At this point, I was not about to complain and risk waiting my entire life for some food. To top off this horrible experience with Mickey, who had actually been an employee for 3 months and just gets frazzled when it is busy (we were his only table), and plethora of others who jumped in to assist; we get a check that looks like a fraction problem!!!!! 
I am sorry but we did not ask for a split check and we are quite capable of doing simple math. However, how can one eat 1/4 of a cup of seafood gumbo??? Yeah, i don't know either. So when we asked to get a regular check or each person with their own stuff, I still got 4 entries of 1/4 cup of seafood gumbo. As I stated earlier the manager NEVER came back to check on us and only gave us a 10% discount after all that tomfoolery.
Hopefully, Mickey (like the Mouse...ya'll this how he introduced his self) takes heed to the note that we left on the receipt "Get it Together!!!"Double check the prices and compare the menu prices with the check before paying, they overcharged me 10.50 for two drinks and then she said it was because they added Absolute... the food was great but hiding over-charges is not acceptable! They fixed it tough, but after a "fight".Such an awful place. Bad food. Bad service. It wasn't a pleasant experience. No southern hospitality in sight. I ordered breakfast. Nothing special. My boyfriend ordered the taste of New Orleans. Now from our experiences at other restaurants when you ordered the taste or the platter it usually comes in separate bowls.  In this case it was all of the samples in one. He was highly dissatisfied. Our server comes and says well you should've said something earlier. Well that's pretty hard to do seeing that you never came back to our table. So he says don't worry I'll get the manager. Manager comes and asks why didn't we say anything we explained that our server haven't come back. He says well what didn't you like about it. The fact all this stuff was mixed in one bowl and we it just wasn't enjoyable. He says well you just don't like the taste of New Orleans. Yeah that's it. You just don't like New Orleans. We were appalled that that was the mangers response.  Would not recommendFood is okay, but overpriced and the service is lousy.  No one from the hostess to the waiter seemed interested in having us eat there.  The place is cash only which seems incredibly ridiculous for how high the prices are.  I'm guessing they own the ATM out back that charges you $4 for usage.  
When I asked for change in order to pay a tip the waiter was shocked and said I'm not sure I can do that.  Then it took him 10 minutes and time working with another waitress to figure out a $20 bill equals a ten, 1 five and 5 ones.  
I would never go back.Had the Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. Got the bowl. Gerad was the server. Nice man. Gave me some good tips to get out of the parishes if you want to save some money...First thing... big mistake! Must have walked by this place a few dozen times in a week in NOLA and one night I was tired and hungry and I decided to stop in and get a quick bite. This place does not do quick!!! I'm going to say that this place is the "McDonalds" of New Orleans cuisine without the expedited service. I tried the gumbo, which took about 40 minutes to get and when it came it was cold. The waitress was pretty devoid of any pride in her job and this is one of the few time in my life I felt like giving a poor tip to match the poor service. With so many great restaurants and bars in the French Quarter... don't make the same mistake I did!Breakfast available until 3pm with great eggs Jonathan and good Rockefeller omelet. Ya ya gumbo was thick and delicious. Service was attentive and pricing was reasonable for portion sizes and quality!With a name like Gumbo Pot, you'd think the gumbo would be out of this world. I got the seafood gumbo and it was flavorless, watery, and waaaaay too salty. I couldn't even finish 1/3 of it. It had 3 little shrimp in it. Is that "seafood"? Oh, and the rice was hard.  The jambalaya was somewhat ok but tasted like it was made a couple of days ago. You know that reheated food look and feel? Ugh. $30 not well spent. They really need to step it up. Do not recommend.Avoid.  The best part of the meal was the Bloody Mary   The gumbo,etouffee, & red beans had no depth of flavor and the bread for the poorboy was similar to Wonder bread. Very poor food for the money.  And very poor service. We had to remind the waitress to bring part of our meal and had to ask other servers to find her so we could pay our bill. To top it all off, the bathroom was disgustingly dirty.This is one of the places I always stop in when I'm in New Orleans for a cup of gumbo. The gumbo is flavorful, and perfectly prepared. It's just too bad none of the other food lives up to it. The grilled boudin is bland, and the red beans & rice is mushy and over cooked. Stick to the gumbo, and your rating might be higher.Great location, but not the best gumbo I've had. Lacking flavor and not much of a kick. Service was pretty good, but it was kinda slow for a Sunday afternoon. Considering all the restaurants in the French Quarter, I wouldn't come back here.This place is ridiculous. .. we've come to NOLA every year for 7 yrs & this was the first time we had horrible service & it was barely NOON! The food was plain & incredibly overpriced; they charged $8 for two kids' drinks & told my son there's no refills. Wow! We started a "Never Again"-list because of this place.Surprised by the bad reviews (especially related to service).  Walter was our waiter.  He was friendly, attentive and never let us run out of beverage.  Had a group of 6 and ordered a variety of samplers and entrees.  All were good.  Bread pudding was surprisingly good.
For what we were looking for in a mid afternoon snack and a few beers, this hit the spot.  We would all go back.The restaurant was very empty when we walked in. We had the jambalaya and it was a disappointment. We came as part of the food tour and all of us were served with their jambalaya. It consisted of 80% rice, 10% chicken, 9% sausage and 1% shrimp. The flavor tasted like ketchup, the rice was not cooked throughly. The chicken was cooked to death. The sausage was very bland. The shrimp... well it was so tiny in portion, I couldn't really taste it. 
In conclusion, this place does not do jambalaya justice. If you want good jambalaya, go across to the 
Coopes place and order their jambalaya supreme. Trust me, you will never think about jambalaya the same way again. It's amazing...Probably one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. Service and food were disgusting. Stay far far away.Wow, what a disappointment. Friend told us to go to Gumbo Spot and we we t to Gumbo Pot. Big mistake! Place is empty for a reason. The jambalaya taste like slightly spicy ketchup with tiny bit of seafood. The rice and beans was good with sausage. My big issue was the server was overall nice when we sat down but once he realized that we were not ordering a kids meal and going to just share a large plate, rudeness!Never again!!! We stopped here because Café DuMonde was too crowded and asked if they served beignets. They said that Café DuMonde was the only restaurant allowed to serve them so we didn't look any further. Menu looked decent and we were hungry so we stopped. Food was good and filling. Average breakfast fare. When the bill came we were totally shocked. My son had an orange juice in a styrofoam cup with a lid that was about 3/4 full when he got it. They charged $5.75 for that. I asked if there was a mistake and they said no with no further explanation. My iced tea was $3.75 and my boyfriend's cup of black coffee was $3. Our drinks cost more than our breakfast!!! We will never be eating there again!!! And I recommend to anyone who does that you review the menu in detail. Not very classy Gumbo Pot!!!Nothing amazing. Gumbo yaya was okay. The duck andouille was better. Server was unattentative and forgot our bread pudding. Not worth the money.This outing was probably one of the worst service experiences I have endured.  It was so bad that I left a tip of about 3% as opposed to the usual 10-20%.  I will explain why.
First of all, we arrived after the lunch crowd, around 1 PM.  There was no shortage of tables and certainly no shortage of servers and other employees.  At first, the service was quite good--a server brought us water and menus within about 5 minutes.  After 10-15 minutes, nobody else came, although there were plenty of workers walking around, and some were cleaning tables, putting utensils out, etc.  We had to flag someone down to take our order.  Even after the food came, I asked the server for a refill and waited several minutes before she came back--she did not have my beverage and had to ask again.
The food here is very pricey and not that good.  It's better than some places in the French Quarter, like Maspero, but certainly nowhere near par compared to other places.  Heck, eating at the food court in the Riverwalk or on the second floor of Jax Brewery (where Gumbo Pot is located) would have been cheaper and probably better.  Oddly enough, they don't have mustard, which made the poboy very dry--I am not a mayonnaise eater.  A poboy here is about $12 (meat) and $15 for seafood and there are no lunch specials.  The seafood was seasoned ok, but the French fries were very bland and had a slight "microwaved" vibe to them.
Again, this was a terrible experience--there are much better places in the French Quarter that either give you better portions.  I almost wished we walked out after having no service--at least then there would be a better chance of getting a decent meal in New Orleans.  
PS.  They don't split tickets--I guess it's a blessing in disguise, as I would probably still be sitting there today (I ate there yesterday afternoon) waiting for my bill.Tourist trap!!! The food was half rate, and there was nothing famous about it!! Our server Randall was pleasant though!! Save your appetite for something better!Gumbo was good. Generous portion. Oysters with peppers were good..bit sweet though. Service with this older lady was phenomenal!! Hurricane was okDon't walk but run away from this place. This ranks in the top 5 worst dining experiences the food was awful and very expensive for what you get. Yes I know that food is overpriced in the French Quarter but seriously 17 dollars for a shrimp po-boy and it didn't even come with a side (that was another 4+ dollars) and it wasn't even good. Service is slow and the staff is rude. Even one of our tour guides said don't go to the "Gumbo Pot". Wish we would have had that information before we went.THREE WORDS....DON'T DO IT!... our server had dreads ..i'm not sure of his name but he was very rude. Server let us know after waiting for 15 minutes for beverages (coke products) that we needed to be speedy and know what we wanted to order ..he also took forever to bring lemons for our sweet teas, as requested. We did not receive them until we  were halfway through our meal....ok now to the good stuff ....
our food was horrible and bland...ordered the "taste of new orleans"and everything was bland...popeyes red beans and rice is better than this place....they are also very pricey...this was my first time in nola and my first restaurant experience there. It was a FAIL. I will never be back....I went to Oceanas the next day for dinner and was very pleased with my meal....DO NOT EAT HERE...also the outside seating had a horrible wave of sewege smell.Quite possible the most overpriced, underflavored food in the French Quarter. I only gave it two stars because the drinks were good.   The food leaves a lot to be desired.Jaime is right..this is the biggest tourist trap I've ever fell for! Don't get fooled by the location and this place should be avoided at all costs. We sat here for NYE. I understand it was busy, but after being seated for nearly 20min our served didn't show up. After we ordered drinks ($9 Hurricanes), they took forever to come. The food took over an hour and I saw other customers around us getting impatient and leaving. Our bill was wrong and the manager/owner made a huge fuss to change it: "We are working our ass off on NYE and your making a big fuss over $9?" Are you kidding me? Also, the menu said a 18% tip would be added for parties of 6 or more. We were only 4, and they still added 18%. Which is fine for NYE and I didn't complain. Also the portions are so small for entrees over $20. Also we sat here at 9pm, and after 11pm. We had lunch at the place on the opposite side of the street and it was much better! Avoid at all costs!Excellent food and great customer service. Our server Dwayne brought out samples for us to try. My group was delighted with our experience and I would recommend this place. I ordered the Creole platter and it was delicious.Over priced and terrible service. The food was okay, but nothing great. My son got pancakes and that was by far the best part. We had to wait almost 30 minutes after we were done eating to get the bill. We choose the place because we were starving and it was the first place we walked up to. Do yourself a favor and walk a few more feet and choose one of the many other options available.Never EVER!!!! EVER AGAIN! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR YOUR TIME! I show more hospitality in my own home... And the manager is black with almost all black waiters. Unless you are white and/or older white person don't you dare!!! Im sooo upset.Took ten minutes for someone to acknowledge us. We got our food really quick . The manager said "I love the smell of fresh bread" as he handed us our po boy. The bread was literally rock hard.  No one ever asked if we needed anything like crackers for our soup. We needed more water so we put our cups in plain sight no one acknowledged us. A lady came by so we asked her to get us water. 10 minutes passed and still no water . Finally someone said y'all look like you need the bill . So we got our bill and walked to the bar  so we could get ourself a glass of water. The service was terrible. And the food was not great .So my desire to have a good cup of gumbo before I left New Orleans did not happen at the Gumbo Pot. The name totally deceived me. We stopped in for the sole purpose of ordering a bowl of gumbo and boy were we disappointed. It was no better than I could of ordered in Texas, maybe even worse with no flavor. When we arrived we asked to sit inside because we had been walking and were hot already, needed to cool off. They sat us at a table in a corner next to a window. The spot was so HOT. We asked to be moved to a table by the door, that was open, for a breeze - no a/c there. We should of just sat outside. 
I wanted bread with my gumbo...it was another $2 for bread...really? Well I was happy we ordered it because that was the best part of the whole meal. The only saving grace. I later found a good cup of gumbo at another place. Maybe their other food is good, because it was busy there, but I would not order the gumbo.My friend and I stopped here yesterday for breakfast. We had a very friendly waitor and we were very happy with our breakfast dishes. The seating outside was quite lovely, and it was a perfect day to enjoy the patio. We enjoyed this restaurant very much!The service was very friendly, and the atmosphere was good enough. The creole sampler was also good enough, but the blackened chicken salad was anything but. Considering this is the city for cajun cuisine, I was expecting a little more.Gumbo Pot is where I watched the Miami Heat win the NBA Finals.  The game was during our trip to NOLA, so we grabbed a seat at the bar - and went for it.
We were looking for a place with good food, good drinks, but without the crazy drunk bar crowd that would make it so loud you can't enjoy watching the game.
The bartender was incredibly nice... the Sweet Tea Vodka was incredibly smooth... and my rice, beans & sausage dish was incredibly delicious.
Came here on a recommendation from a Lousiana native, and loved it.