Bacon grilled cheese shadwich and champagne..  Bartender DAVID was awesome and suggested the sandwich .
The place is clean and sunny :) let me add David makes the best bloody marysGreat food! Good service from John the new waiter would come back for another Bloody Mary !Food was great and we had a very attentive server. We had a large group and everyone loved their food! The gumbo is NOT majorly spicy but very flavorful.Great place! My Cajun shrimp eggs Benedict was amazing. Great Bloody Mary and very attentive service. (Even by the hosts) great attitude, no complaints!The restaurant was decent. Definitely not what I would considered good New Orleans food. Portions were small as well. But seafood and fried chicken didn't seem fresh. Just typical fried food that you order frozen and fry. I had the fried seafood combo. Again, just okay. The other reviews on yelp were also accurate in saying that the gumbo portions were small. Very shallow dish. Crawfish etoufee was more like a heavy snack. Our waiter, Stephen, was rude. We asked for descriptions and he told us to read the menu. It's in a mall on Decatur so convenient location, but crappy look. For the money I paid, I wouldn't go back personally. I think NOLA has a lot more and better food to offer. The bartender is a heavy pourer though!Very good food, great location, great for a large group, and really good service! We were somehow the only people there on a friday night and while we were hesitant to try it (how is there an empty restaurant right across from Jackson square on a Friday night in NOLA?!) I am glad we did. Our waiter was really friendly and attentive. The food was great too! I had had too much heavy food during the week so I opted for a salad. It was fresh and so delicious. I would eat here again!Gumbo Ya-Ya is a great little hidden gem, right on Decatur Street.  David, our awesome bartender, took pity on 3 hungover girls by making great menu suggestions.  He had us order the Boudin appetizer & the gumbo sampler..  The Gumbo Ya Ya Bloody Mary is made with house infused vodka & amazing!The sweet tea was good. The host was very curteous and helpful with the menu options.  I was a party of seven. 6 of the 7 meals were cold!!! Flavor was ok  I would not return!!! The manager did ask if w we wanted it reheat it or not we did not have time however. Service was also lackingVery slow service. I decided to try the gumbo and it tasted like salty fish water. It came with a piece of bread that was very salty. My boyfriend has the gumbo pasta. Out of the two dishes I would say that tasted better, but all and all it wasn't good.The menu looks fun but the service is sloooooow and two of our three orders came out cold. We waited 30+ minutes for our order. Not sure what was going on but for the small amount of customers in the place I thought we'd get great service. I was wrong. Not the best place in NOLA. Sorry but don't waste your time.Good food. GREAT service from Cory. Told this is a fairly new restaurant. Great location. Come check it out.I ordered the namesake Gumbo Ya-Ya which is a combination of chicken and sausage gumbo and traditional seafood gumbo. The concept peaked my interest but the final product was mediocre. It was thicker than gumbo should be, like they didn't add enough stock, which made it more like a stew or chowder even. Additionally there was no flavor complexity. 
Fortunately it was only $6.50 so reasonably priced for the portion. I think I'd be happy if I opened up a can of Campbell's gumbo soup and it tasted like this; but considering I am in the French Quarter, I'll be getting future bowls of gumbo elsewhere.Came here for brunch. Had a huge breakfast for only 13 bucks. They are new to the breakfast game so no wait for seats. Service was decent and the food was good. The biscuits seem a little rubbery but everything else was good.Huge huge portions!  Make sure you are hungry if you are planning on getting the platters.  I had the shrimp and fish platter and it took 3 of us to eat it.  It came with potato salad which was great.  My daughter had the sausage and eggs which she loved and the husband had the shrimp platter which he also liked.  Great place, short wait and conveniently located.Portions are SMALL. Not generous for the amount you are paying. My food came out 20 minutes after everyone else at the table. Not good service.Slow service- definitely New Orleans time, but the food made up for it! We came for breakfast before our steamship tour. I had chicken and eggs- hands down the most tender lovely chicken I've ever had. Poached eggs and fantastic hand cut potatoes rounded out my lovely meal- all for under $10.
My hubs was sad that he got the avocado toast- with green apples and scrambled eggs. Fine but slightly bland, with a nice presentation- for around $8.
Sonny boy had French toast, which was also good.
Food took about 25 minutes -maybe because of my chicken?- but no updates from our server. That's basically the drawback. Food was good, drinks were good, people watching was good, right on the walkway to the river walk and steamships.
I'd definitely go back for the chicken, without steamship tickets making me feel like we had to rush.Delicious andouille and duck gumbo with perfectly cooked rice.  We also enjoyed the empanadas with jalapeno mayonnaise. Great place for a casual meal. The service was friendly and efficient.Great service.  First time I actually ever had gumbo.  I'm not really sure what it's supposed to taste like, but my husband says it's good.  The fish Poboy wasn't bad, either.  It came out pretty fat.  I actually think just the poboy meal was enough for two people because of how big the sandwich was.  Their french fries were good and it was a good amount of fries.Was not many choices for non red meat eaters. I had the fried okra & cheese grits. I was disappointed in the menu.  The grits were full of cheese & was tasty.  I would have enjoyed the okra is the sauce was a tad less hot.  My friend ordered gumbo. She said it was just ok.  The server & host was polite.  The ambience is casual with 3 gators strapped to the wall as the decor.  We did not return.Looked in s few places in New Orleans for good gumbo and couldn't find any that was truly spiced well. Had the gumbo here topped with jambalaya and it was exactly what I was looking for. Service was excellent. My waitress even entertained my toddler who simply had enough goings for the day and didn't want to sit still. Price was reasonable. Will definitely visit again.My daughter, my niece and I, went to Gumbo Ya-Ya this last weekend! My niece had never been to New Orleans and I wanted to take her somewhere with some good Cajun food.  For an appetizer we got the mini muffulettas. These were amazing! The end!   
The gumbo was sub-par! Definitely not the best I've ever had! And my daughter wasn't crazy about her meal, either.  My niece was totally not impressed!  
The staff was really great, very attentive!  I would go back for them and the muffulettas! 
The restaurant was very clean.Worst service ever. Arrived at 4:30 when it wasn't busy. Took ages to get menus, water, drink orders, silverware and food. Then we asked for separate checks. We got one check. An hour and a half later and we were finally out of here. Food was good and the waitress was lovely. The manager was a bit arrogant and explained that she was his only server working. There were 8 or 9 tables full plus several at the bar. Not fair on this poor girl at all. Won't be back. Total disregard for their staff.Food was great, service was friendly and fast, and location was ideal.  My husband loved the gumbo so much we ate here twice in a week!Stopped for an early lunch/ late breakfast on a beautiful morning. Sat outside and got to listen to the jazz band playing outside. The atmosphere was awesome and the food was mediocre. I ordered a salad that was supposed to come with candied pecans and it did not. That was the whole reason why I ordered the salad. Bummer. The servers were pleasant but do not be in a hurry. It took 25 minutes to take our order and an additional 45 to get our food. I probably would have been upset but the music playing down the street and the beautiful weather.... no way.The service was decent.
The gumbo was ok. It wasn't too salty which was good compared to some other places I've tried. The rice was good except for some crusty pieces that were mixed in. The bread was crusty and hard and I could've done without it.
The Diet Coke tasted like it was mixed with something which made it taste funny.We were in NOLA celebrating our 25th anniversary. We walked by Gumbo YaYa. When in, ate. We love this place so much we came back for a second helping before we left town. The chicken and sausage is so favorable, the collard greens are tender and seasoned just right and the cheesey grits are fabulous.The seafood gumbo is also very good.Go to the Jackson Brewery location,try to sit in Ayana F. Section but all the staff is pleasurable,professional and excellent suggestionsI have lived in New Orleans all my life. Gumbo Ya-Ya has a solid gumbo. I tried the Gumbo Ya-Ya. Loved it. I added Tabasco sauce and it was perfect with the Cajun jambalaya. I loved the added touch of two fried crawfish. I sat at the bar for a quick bite to eat. The service was efficient and quick. The food was hot and tasty. I would recommend this stop for a taste of New Orleans.So came here for Thanksgiving Day. Got their take on Thanksgiving meal. The staff were very nice so this just addresses the food. The turkey was DRY. The stuffing was so spiced with pepper and salt it was hard to eat. The cranberry sauce was definitely not homemade like they said, and totally tasted like canned. Also it was supposed to come with HOMEMADE sweet potato pie, instead they served me a sorry piece of NOT homemade apple pie which looked liked someone scooped with a ladle. For NOLA food I'd skip this place.  Pretty disappointed.This was our first restaurant stop on on visit to New Orleans. I had the Gumbo with jambalaya and it was delicious. Our server was David (Elvis look alike) and he was very helpful.  I did recall eating at this location the last time I was in New Orleans and apparently the restaurant has been redone.  It was a refreshing change as the old restaurant was very dark.Last minute decision by our group to stop in. I was late, and not very crowded. Our server was funny, but not really "on her game" as it were. Took a long time to get our food. I particularly was served the wrong meal, and was not hot. The food was just okay at best!My experience was almost five stars stellar, had I not made the fatal mistake of ordering the fried seafood platter. I started with the gumbo ya-ya ($6.50) which was delicious but too small to be a full meal. My husband had the po boy with blackened shrimp and that was a nice hefty sandwich that came with a good portion of French fries (~$15)
I ordered the fried seafood platter with shrimp and crawfish. I thought the crawfish might come whole and I could peel off the fried bits but it ended up just being small bits of crawfish doused in batter and fried. It was a good amount of food, but really, no one person needs to eat that much fried food in one sitting. I felt a little sick after, and regretted not ordering more gumbo or a salad or something else.
TLDR; this place exceeded my expectations, the gumbo is good as are the sandwiches, wouldn't recommend the fried platters as there are better things on the menu.I had the Gumbo Ya-Ya which was amazing and delicious. My cousin had the collard greens and felt that they were too mushy and soggy. I tried them and felt they were beautifully sautéed and seasoned to perfection. Unfortunately I did not have time to try more of their menu but the next time I'm on Nola I will definitely be back!My family and I were visiting New Orleans for a wedding last week, and we were looking for a place to eat quickly in the French quarter! Gumbo Ya Ya was empty, so we were a little hesitant at first. But, we saw that they had just opened, so we have it a try! We were not disappointed! We had their gumbo and poboys! Everything was delicious! By the time we left (lunch), it was filling up.  They are located right by the public parking lot, so super convenient.My friend and I who were in town for business wanted to find some good, local gumbo.  I'm sure this isn't totally "authentic" like something you'd get at your grandma's house but I felt it was a good representation of what I thought gumbo would be.  I got the version with the pot roast in it and jambalaya and I was pretty pleased.  I really liked the piece of bread that adorned the bowl!  The experience was fine- we sat on the patio and enjoyed a beautiful day.  Our waitress gave us the checks for the table next to ours so the manager had to fix it but that wasn't too much of an issue.  Overall, a good experience.Food and service were great! We brought our dogs and they gave them a large bowl of water.Stopped on a whim...
.the kids ate the gumbo...they all gave it a 6/10...sauing the base was like gravy and they are used to a broth like texture for their gumbo
Shared shrimp geaux geaux...err umm I know that its seafood...guess it was REALLY fresh.
Crawfish Poboy...the remoulade spread was overpowering.
Overall though...we would return here as the service was great!David the bartender is very friendly and helpful. We had a little chat about his move from New York to New Orleans and little did he know that a short chat for a lone traveler could make a big difference to the experience of the city and the visit. I had the Gumbo ya ya and it was delicious. If you're traveling alone, I highly recommend you try this dish and sit at the bar to have a chat to lovely David.Some of the best Gumbo in town. I highly suggest this to anyone that's in the French quarter area looking to get your grub on. Spot on service and an excellent staff!Walked in for brunch on Sunday morning. We were seated right away and the waitress took our order pretty quickly. They weren't too busy but we noticed there was only one waitress and one waiter working. The food service wasn't real quick but it was pretty good. The pecan waffle was yummy and my wife loved her chicken fried chicken.I came here for dinner on my first night in NOLA and was expecting a great meal, but sadly I did not get one. The waitress was rude, inattentive, and avoided eye contact. The meals took 40 minutes to make(an the place was empty!) and they came out cold. Would not recommend.This was our favorite meal in NOLA. Our waitress Kori was so sweet. We ate lunch there on July 9th.One of the worst restaurant I've ever been. We waited for 1 hour for our food, two cups of gumbo!!! Are you kidding me?! The service made it even worse, she didn't even give us utensils to eat!!! Never come to this restaurant again!First place we came to to get out of the heat! Excellent choice! Food was awesome and the wait staff was very friendly.My sons and i went here on a Sunday evening around 7pm. It didn't appear to be very busy but we waited for a while for or waitress. When i asked her if the red beans and rice wad spicy her response was "well I've been raised in New Orleans so i don't know what your heat tolerance is compared to mine"..... a simple, no its not spicy at all would have done. Considering the red beans didn't have much flavor. In fact my son said Popeyes chicken had better red beans. I ordered the crawfish boil salad.. sweet corn relish was no where to be found, avacado was old, and the fried crawfish pieces were mostly breading probably frozen. The red potato salad that come on it was pretty good but Not worth $17! My other son ordered a shrimp po boy and fries that were average.Location is great. And, unfortunately, everything else, mediocre. Except service, which was pretty awful. 
We stopped in about 7 on a Sunday evening and there were very few customers. We decided to sit outside in a lovely covered patio area, which had terrific lighting and a large heater. With the cool breeze blowing in, it provided the perfect combination of warm and fresh air. We were seated immediately. And then waited. For easily 10 minutes before the hostess came by to ask if anyone had been out to us yet. After learning that we were still waiting, she went looking. As did the manager who came by. We finally had our waitress stop by for our drink orders and then we waited again. We were about 25 minutes in before getting our drinks. 
We all ordered gumbo in various ways.  Pretty tasty, but nothing epic. The food was more timely than our drinks. 
The real kicker to our visit was that the waitress appeared to be under the influence. Her speech was slurred, she couldn't track, she staggered up the stairs as she was leaving the outdoor area and was overly friendly in that nicely buzzed way one gets, which I love with my friends, just not entirely comfy with it from someone waiting on us.  If everything else had been top notch, no big deal but I have a feeling our awful service was directly related to her state of intoxication.Love love LOVE Gumbo Ya-Ya! This was our breakfast spot in NOLA for our weekend getaway and they did not disappoint. First, the workers there showed true hospitality and were so sweet and courteous. Their food was also really good! One thing stood out to me that was excellent was the cheesy grits. It was made the perfect consistency and I had never had grits taste that good before. And the waffles and french toast was also bomb.comCame here after a swamp tour in the freezing cold and was looking for somewhere to get some good gumbo but close to bus depot and thank god this place was literally a less than 100 yards away!
We got seated very quickly and ordered a coffee and the waitress recommended the the gumbo ya-ya and I got it with the jambalaya rice. One of my friends got the same thing and another friend got it with butter rice but in the bread bowl. 
Now, I was so ridiculously hungry from shivering for 2 hours while on the swamp tour (this was around new years and weather was below 50F), that I gobbled it down in under 5 minutes. I already know that eating food too quickly can be bad for you..... and I found that out the hard way. Oh my goodness, I had to go to the bathroom almost immediately. I cannot express accurately how instantly the reaction was but yeah, it was bad.
My friend who got the same thing, ate a little slow but a few hours later, it hit her too. It did not affect my other friend.
Normally I have a pretty good stomach but I have no idea what caused this reaction in both of us! We did add a good amount of Tabasco but I love that stuff! It could totally have been that but we'll never know.
The reason I'm still giving this place good reviews is because I actually genuinely liked the food. The gumbo was delicious and maybe it was just the two of us, who added too much Tabasco. Who knows but I don't think I'll be back any time soon to try it but I would recommend it for anyone who uses a light hand for the Tabasco. Sad that I had this experience but the food was good and it was hopefully just with us.If I could rate this place a ZERO I would. The food was terrible and service from last night was even worse!!! Our waitress took forever to bring our food and even forgot to order mine. Waited and waited but she was nowhere to be found. No other staff around to ask either. And a Sprite?! I reminded her 3 or 4 times before she brought it to me. I would understand if the restaurant was busy but we were literally the only ones there!!! That says a lot about a place when it's completely empty. Her excuse was that she's pregnant but so am I! Still no excuse to not do your job!my first time in new orleans. my dad loves this place. service was crap but whatever. had a shrimp po boy which was delicious. thought the fries were good tho. had a taste of the gumbo it was good. sat outside at 8:30 pm it was cold. all in all this place aint bad id come back. for 3 people for dinner i believe the bill was $46 not bad.The place looked empty, which was a bit discouraging, but it had good reviews on Yelp and we decided to try anyway. It was good that we did, as we enjoyed very flavourful and tasty food. Service is neither fast, nor great, but if you are not in a rush, the food is worth a try. We had the crawfish etouffee and the chicken jambalaya and both were excellentThree stars are probably more than I should give...Cute enough restaurant, friendly wait staff, but in the south I expect a restaurant to know how to fry food!  I had the fried seafood platter, white fish and shrimp, hush puppies,  fries and fried okra.  The white fish and okra were good and perfectly fried...yum!  However, I think the okra was frozen?  If the fish was frozen I could not tell, that's the good news! The shrimp, hush puppies and fries were way over cooked, yes, the shrimp, what I was really looking forward to, in the south, and Louisiana being known for their shrimping...so disappointed; I think it was frozen as well, even if not, over cooked and over battered! 
My husband had a sample of three of their gumbos..jambalaya, gumbo and crawfish étouffée.; his favorite was the étouffée...the jambalaya was more like a dirty rice and the jambalaya was just so so....
Save your money and pass this place by...last night in New Orleans, wanted good seafoods and was disappointed!We came here because my aunt said the jambalaya was one of the best. She didn't know that it was no longer the original establishment that she would usually order from. It closed down months prior. We still proceeded to place an order of jambalaya to go. We were directed to the bar and there were two bartenders busy working. That's fine. You're busy. I get it but no acknowledgement? We waited for some time thinking they would assist us and take our order after they finished making the drinks or maybe tell us that someone else would be with us shortly. Nothing. At least say something. We were very confused. After waiting for sometime, someone else finally came and took our order. I believe it was the manager. Not to sure. 
Blackened chicken Cajun jambalaya - the blackened chicken tasted good. It was juicy and very flavorful. It wasn't mixed in with the jambalaya. The jambalaya was mushy but it was ok. 
A few bites left and then I find a strand of hair in my food. Fantastic way to complete my first experience with gumbo ya-ya even if it was only take out.Don't travel to New Orleans without making sure you visit Gumbo Ya Ya.  The food is YUMMY-the environment is so fun and the service is terrific!
The team at Gumbo YaYa went above and beyond to create and amazing experience for everyone-VERY IMPRESSIVE-prices are great too!!!We ate here while in town for Mari Gras. We had our first ever Gumbo. We got the Gumbo Ya Ya and it was quite tasty. We had Bud Light drafts, which tasted a lil off... But the burgers we got made up for it! Hostess did forget about us, as we we're added to the wait list and went to the bar for drinks, and she forgot we went to the bar. When I checked in with her, after what seemed like a longer wait then mentioned, she quickly apologized and had us seated immediately. Staff was attentive, even though it was busy. All in all we had a happy experience. Would recommend if your nearby.Great food, delicious drinks! Got the gumbo here and it comes in a bread bowl - the bread itself is enough to convince you to get the gumbo, so good! The fried fish platter comes with soooooo much fish. Their burger is also terrific. They have a big space and it's right by the river, easy to stop by when walking on Decatur st.Atmosphere, food, and service was great. I had the blackened chicken jambalaya and a side of okra. It was delicious. Staff was friendly.So, I have to admit that I ignored the reviews. The gumbo was good and the fried okra was good as well. The entrees, eh. I have had better buttermilk fried chicken at fast food chains. We waited over 10 minutes for a table and got inside to about 6 occupied tables. We drank only water...no offer to refill. Coupon for free appetizer that we were given on the street was not accepted- not a huge deal, but really.Visited Gumbo Ya-Ya on vacation. They offered both indoor and outdoor seating which was nice because it was a beautiful day out. Our server was very polite and did a nice job. We ordered two hurricanes which were very tasty. I ordered the seafood jumbo which included shrimp, crab, andouille sausage and chicken I believe served with buttered rice in a French bread bowl. It was just a little spicy and over all was very nice. My boyfriend had the duck and andouille sausage gumbo served over jambalaya in a bread bowl. He devoured it so I assumed it was good. Great experience.First off this used to be the Gumbo Pot but is now the Current restaurant. We walked around for 35 minutes looking for the gumbo pot which does not exist. But it was fine so we sat down and that's when shit hit the fan! There was only one server with an inside seating of 5 tables and an outside seating of 4. When we sat down it took the nice guy 15 mins to visit due to us not knowing whether or not we were going to stay and once we decided to stay it took another 15 mins for drinks and we were told that we needed to wait to place our order. At this point the server has turned away 5 possible tables due to being short staffed mind you there was a server in the back rolling silverware and another server who looked like they were strung out on drugs walking from the restaurant to the back of the building. Once we were cleared to place our order we watched the server tell an already seated table that he would need permission to place their order. He then comes to our table takes our order and leaves. The food took 25 minutes and all we ordered was Gumbo Ya-Ya, Okra, and boudain balls. The food finally came and the gumbo and okra was hot and the boudain balls never showed so we asked what happened to them and the chef said the order for those were never placed. At this point I ask the server where was his help why aren't there more people and he could not give a direct answer. Once the food was redone it was pretty good I'm glad we went even though the service was awful!Gumbo Ya-Ya? No-No!!  We sat down at 11:42 we didn't get our food until 12:25. Over 40 minutes. The real problem was that at least 5 other groups that sat down after us and received their meals before us. When we noticed at least 3 of them receiving their meals before us, we mentioned it to the waitress & she went to the kitchen to check. She said they haven't forgotten about us, "your order is next up". Well two additional groups got their orders in that meantime. She came back to the table and said, "it's coming". That's when my husband asked her to send the manager out with it. The manager actually is the one that brought the meals to the table. After placing them all down, he said "ok, is everything ok!?"  My husband said, "NO, it's not". Explaining everything to the manager, the manager then said, "ok what would you like me to do".  REALLY DUDE?!!  You're the manager, I shouldn't be having to tell you what you can do for me when YOUR kitchen totally dropped the ball. He actually told us that the order was out 15 minutes after the order was submitted (blaming it on the waitress, which in itself is bad form).  Well we told the waitress and she said that wasn't true & went and printed the ticket and physically showed us when the order was submitted to the kitchen, which was 11:46, 4 min after we sat down.  So basically the manager lied and sailed the waitress up the river. The reason that I'm so exact on the times is because we'd used the pay and park parking lot just outside the restaurant, and by the time we got our food to the table, our $18 one hour of paid time was about to expire. That's one of the things that I asked, was could he validate parking and he promptly told me "ohhhh, no, I can't do that. That would be over 70 Bucks". Not sure where he came up with that, but, ok. Then he was still standing there waiting for US to tell him what we wanted for him to do. My husband had to tell him to take something off of the bill to help us compensate for our parking.  The manager adjusted the bill, but that wasn't even the whole point.  First of all he lied about the time it took the food to come out, then he lied on the waitress, then left it up to US to decide what should be done about it. I give them 1 star because the waitress maintained her cool and professionalism even after my husband promptly told her that her manger lied on her. The food was just ok. There's nothing earth shattering about the gumbo. According to our situation, 5 out of every 6 people will get there food just fine, and be moving about their day, but if you're that 1 person, it's really not all that great to be taking the chance when there are so may other REALLY good places in the city.Yummmmmm!!! I really enjoyed the fried okra! It was their first night- service was on-point. Very good food, nice atmosphere, good prices. Our server Deondre was the BEST!Absolutely amazing. Great food and service it speaks straight to your soul. Danielle is amazing and very informative! Great restaurant and amazing service!!!We had a few hours to kill before leaving for the airport and were already in the Jackson Brewery building anyway, so we decided to stop and each get a bowl of gumbo before heading home.
Upon entering from inside the Jackson Brewery building, we saw a sign that said to see a host if you wanted to be seated outside.  We planned on eating inside, so we went to grab a table.  An employee in the corner who was preparing silverware yelled to us to go outside and see the host to be seated anywhere, not just inside.  That was fine - we decided it would be better to eat outside anyway.
So here was where the visit got very interesting.
We were seated by the host who promised to bring us some silverware soon.  That didn't happen, but in all fairness he seemed to be helping the other staff members.  There appeared to only be two servers working at the time, both covering the indoor and outdoor seating.  The first was a blonde woman, the other a tall man.  The guy was serving the table behind us, and from the first interaction I saw him having with them, it was obvious he had a huge chip on his shoulder.  The woman ordering had a question about a drink on the menu, and his tone and inflection when answering her question made me pray he wasn't going to be our server.  Prayer ignored.
After we'd been seated for 10 minutes, he came over to ask what we wanted to drink.  My friend ordered a water.  I wanted a diet, which wasn't a clear enough instruction for him, because he gave me a look that said "What?"  So I clarified - a "diet pop."  "A diet COKE?" was what he responded with, with an absolutely ridiculous attitude.  If he were a beloved sassy best friend on a sitcom the delivery could have worked.  In the professional setting of a restaurant with strangers, it did nothing but piss me off. 
By the way, those drinks came another 10 minutes later.
He didn't visit our table again, even after my friend stopped him and said we'd like to order... 50 minutes after we had been seated.  That wasn't enough to get him to take our order, either.  Instead we saw him walking around, clearing tables, and visiting other customers who already had their food.  10 minutes after we told him we were ready to order (having been here an hour at this point), the other server was walking by and noticed we were still sitting there without food.  She asked if we had been able to place our order with our server yet, and immediately took out her order pad and apologized for the delay.  She took our order to the kitchen with the promise to ask them to bump it up to the front because we had been waiting for so long.
Then... the original waiter returned to take our order.  After he said something along the lines of "What do you want?" I informed him another server already took our order.  He snapped his pen.  He slammed his order pad closed.  And he stood there.  Silently.  Staring.
Oh, this was a super comfortable experience.  It was like being at Dick's Last Resort, only without the charm, and this guy wasn't joking.  He was just a dick, without the last resort.  I spent most of the remainder of the visit wondering about his backstory.  Why was he like this to strangers?  I imagined a bunch of scenarios, all of which I'll keep to myself as none of them are remotely kind.  
I also wonder what sort of hold he has over the manager of this place, because there is absolutely no way this man should still have a job, and it is obvious he doesn't want to be there.
Our food came out within four minutes of the nicer, way more competent server taking our order.  We both enjoyed the gumbo we ordered (one chicken and sausage and one duck and andouille), even though the bowl really didn't have too much in it for what you pay.
When we were ready to pay we made sure that she was going to get the tip, and we had a nice chat with her about her coworker's attitude.We stopped by before an event at the Jackson place. We were a party of 8. Almost everyone sent their gumbo back as it was cold. My Gumbo Ya-Ya was good but not hot enough. The lady who served us was very nice and knowledgeable.This place was pretty good, I actually pulled the wrong location up and wanted to go to gumbo shop but end up at the location because of the parking.... Anyway, It was a hot weekend and the thought of getting a hot soup in summer did not seem like a good idea but I hadn't had any my whole weekend in New Orleans and I was on my way to return home to Houston. We arrive and not really greeted, u til we just sat ourselves at the table. The server came over and greeted us immediately as we sat to get drink orders. I order the appetizer recommended by server which was the Geaux geaux shrimp, a mix of corn relish and fried shrimp with sauce, it was decent. For the meal we had the seafood gumbo with rice and it come with a thin slice of garlic bread. The gumbo was delicious and filling. The bowl of gumbo was just enough to fill my tummy. I will return when I'm back in New Orleans.The gumbo was awesome! The service, not so much. If not for the poor service, I would have given this place 5 stars. Still, the gumbo is worth a return trip.This is by far the Worst restaurant we have been to. We ordered drinks and an entree and it took 20 mins to get the drink. After 45 minutes they came and asked us if we have been waited on. We said yes, and no one came around for another 20mins.  Finally we asked for the check, they came out with some one else meal, we said No, check us out now, because we had plans. Very bad Service,  very bad managementI liked the ambience and outdoor seating. The cocktails are great, and the staff was beyond friendly. But the gumbo tasted like Zatarain's out the box. I honestly could have made it at home haha. Don't waste your money; it's a tourist trap.I sat at the bar on the opening night and had 2 bowls of gumbo. First was the Gumbo Ya Ya (seafood gumbo) over potato salad. Loved it.  Second was the chicken and sausage gumbo over jambalaya.  I was very good also.  The prices are reasonable. I recommend this restaurant.There's a lot of things I liked about this place. They have covered outdoor seating. The host outside was super nice and accommodating our first night there so we decided to check it out. It's super close to the waterfront. Best of all, they allow dogs.
I don't know that much about gumbo but theirs was really yummy to me. My husband got his in a bread bowl. That garlic bread is delicious. We came back a couple of more times before we left. 
I also got their shrimp creole before I left New Orleans. I don't think I had New Orleans style shrimp creole.  I liked it but i think I liked my version better. 
I have to hand it to the staff. We came in pretty close to closing one night. I didn't realize that they closed early on Sundays. They still accommodated us and we're awesome.Horrible in most ways. Ordered gumbo ya ya & seafood & okra. Sat at the bar. Bartender had no idea what a Pilsner was. Pronounced "lager" as "lay-ger" ??? Napkin-wrapped utensils arrived with paper still stuck on the knife blade from the previous use which survived the wash. Also meant someone should have noticed it when assembling the utensil/napkin combo.Worst of all, what we ordered was lukewarm at best!!! This has to be a health code violation because this food last saw heat a very long time ago. This had to be just setting out. We couldn't eat it.We visited Gumbo Ya-Ya as our first stop after arriving in the city of New Orleans. It was later in the evening around 7:30pm and we sat on the patio. I ordered the Gumbo Ya-Ya and my partner ordered the Chicken & Sausage Gumbo both in the garlic French bread bowl. I don't know if it was a result of being there almost at closing time but neither of the gumbo bowls had much protein to speak of if any at all. At the end of the meal I was leaving still hungry and feeling like I had a meal in a tourist trap.We had the gumbo ya-ya and the turtle soup. Never having had turtle soup before I'm not sure if it was good or not but we didn't care for it. The Gumbo Ya Ya was pretty good we had it with the jambalaya rice and I think that added more flavor to it.We decided to eat here for breakfast during our stay in New Orleans because the wait for beignets was extremely long and this restaurant was nearby with no wait.  We had amazing breakfast/brunch food - this was definitely the best restaurant we had brunch at during our stay (also ate at two chicks and Daisy Dukes in Saint Charles).  Collectively our group got chicken & waffles, 2 classic Benedict's, and pancakes & eggs along with bloody Mary's and mimosas.  The bloody Mary's were pretty good also.One would think the Gumbo Ya Ya would be good. It was not. Bland and uncooked rice in it. Server came to get drinks and food order and never checked in again. They do have free WiFi so if you want some mediocre food and connect to Internet it's your place.The price is right, but portions are lacking.
We wanted gumbo on the last day of our trip and found Gumbo Ya-Ya while in the area. We were surprised by the price: $6.50 for gumbo. However, we understood why when the food arrived. The portions were small and probably could've been named as an appetizer instead. So underwhelming. The service was almost nonexistent as our server seemed to be waitressing almost everyone in the restaurant so it took awhile to get our checks.The gumbo is horrible the waitresses are clueless. They came out with our order no idea what was what. The
Portions are small. Not authentic at all. Don't waste your timeFirst time in NOLA and stopped by this place before our planned steamboat ride for some drinks & appetizers. We were pleasantly surprised by the Bayou Boudin Balls & the Chicken & Sausage Gumbo. Granted it was only our 2nd time trying gumbo but we found it delicious. The drinks were also reasonably priced for the area. We ordered a Margarita & a Jack Daniels ($9 each). 
Lastly, they were understaffed tonight but you wouldn't have known it. Our hostess Kezia was extra accommodating and our server Destiny was very attentive. All in all, great experience!The service here was absolutely horrible and if I could I'd give them a 0. The hostess who seated us was nice but that's as far as the good things I have to say about this place goes. The food itself was decent (nothing to rave about). The place was pretty empty but our server was still slow getting to use all night. My grandma is allergic to shrimp and asked multiple times beforehand if her meal had any in it. They told her no. At the end of the meal she had a horrible allergic reaction, her face swelled and she had to leave. But what made the experience worse was our waitress and the manager argued with us for over 20 minutes telling us the meal did not have shrimp and maybe she just ate something or someone else's food. They were not helpful or friendly at all during this time, and even after when we asked for split checks they first refused, and then when they agreed didn't do it right and just had an attitude with us until we left. It was absolute horrible service.Tiny, tiny portions.  The gumbo comes in a deceiving bowl that looks like it has more volume than it does.  Lasts about 4 bites.   Plus, no big chunks of seafood or anything.  Below average tasting food.  There are many better places nearby.