AMAZING!!! The gumbo shop is the definition of deliciousness. The gumbo was outstanding! The jambalaya was fantastic!The Po-boy sandwiches are incredible and are served with homemade kettle chips. Don't forget to try the bread pudding! Our server was Michael P. He made us feel like family! I highly recommend the Gumbo Shop for your authentic New Orleans dinning experience!!!Ordered the combination dinner which came with seafood gumbo, an entree of jambalaya & red beans and rice. 
The food was bland and arrived warm. I think it was way too crowded for the server to remember me sitting in the window table. 
The bread pudding was super yummy, sweet and sticky with loads of cinnamon and vanilla sauce. It was very good.First restaurant I ever went to on my very first visit to NOLA!  Since that first bite, I have gone back every time I go to New Orleans, its a staple for me.  First off, be patient, because when its packed, the line is so long!  But its totally worth it.  Once inside, be prepared to feast, feast and feast!!!  The ambiance is super cute.  There is seating inside and out in a small courtyard.  
My staples when going are:  The bloody mary to drink, the trio (which comes gumbo, jambalaya and red beans and rice), and the bread pudding for dessert!!  I leave breathing fire... but soooo worth it!!  I don't even live in Louisiana, but when I go to NOLA, this is the place I must always go to.  The seafood gumbo is always on point.  Perfect amount of okra to shrimp.  The red beans and rice is perfectly spiced and spicy.  And the jambalaya is filled with deliciousness that I can't even stand it!  Spicy andouille sausage, mixed in with rice and spices.... I'm practically drooling right now.  And the bread pudding.  Forget about it.  Warm whiskey sauce poured on top, melting into the soft, warm bread pudding.  *sigh*.
I love this place so much, that my sister even got me the cookbook.  Oh yes, I make gumbo right here in my kitchen.  Favorite place to go... and a MUST GO for all!!!Very disappointed in the food and service.  The server was not informative regarding the off-the-menu options. We overheard other servers advising their tables regarding the daily specials, etc., but by this time we had already ordered.  Based on reviews we read online decided that our choices would be fine.  Initially the food came out incorrect and lukewarm.  
We had the seafood combo, shrimp étouffée  nothing special, the bread pudding average and drinks ok.  
The location and ambience were nice, and the host and especially the busboy who by the way was more attentive and polite than the actual server, made up for some of the disappointment.  Even though we tipped the server 20% , it was not based on the actually experience.  
Based on the overall experience I can only give this establishment a 2.5 out of 5.I went there recently for dinner for my husband & some friends of ours.  We were seated immediately, which was nice.  The menu looked great and it was hard to decide what to order, since a number of things looked really good!  I finally opted for the Crawfish Etouffee & my husband ordered a combo plate with Shrimp Creole & Jambalaya.  Both our dishes were really good; the etouffee had TONS of crawfish & wasn't all that spicy (which some people might prefer) but there were a couple of different hot sauces on the table for you to up the heat to your liking.  
The only reason I can't give this place 5 stars, is due to the service.  Our server was quite snippy the entire dinner.  My friends all thought she was downright rude.  I ordered my iced tea, drank it within a few minutes since we'd been out walking around most of the day.  Most of my friends drinks were completely empty as well - and stayed that way for over 15minutes.  Even after our food was served, and I started eating, there was still no attempt made to refill our table.  Finally 5 minutes into my meal, I flagged our server down and politely asked for a refill on my tea.  To which, in an irritated tone, she responded that "yeah, it's coming...I was just bring that other table their food, and getting the check for this other table..."  The same response was given when someone else asked for bread and someone else asked for a spoon.  OKay - I don't want a play by play of your job, I just want my tea refilled, like once, the entire time I'm sitting there.  Not to mention, this is going on 20 minutes with a totally empty glass.  
Would we go back, yes, the food was great.  We'd just make sure to get a different server next time.Just got back from a trip down to cajun country.  I have eaten at the Gumbo Shop on previous visits to NOLA.  We grabbed a seat after the lunch hour  and there wasn't a long wait.  As usual I ordered the The seafood Okra Gumbo which was very good.  Served with bread made this meal very filling.  To round off the lunch , I had the Bread Pudding.  Will return in the future.really good gumbo (no surprise) great french bread. A beautiful setting in an old building, murals grace the walls. A very nice experience.Decent food but rude and unpleasant attending staff and waitress. Observed her making faces and throwing attitude at other customers as well as us. Not a good sense of hospitality and would not go back to the restaurant, the food is not worth the rude treatment!!!!!!We went to this restaurant and it was crowded the person that greeted us and sat us her name is Jessica was a love. We both loved the food we ate my husband had a plate that included soup/entree and dessert. I had the sausage and it was also good. What I liked about the place is the ambiance. We spoke to the guests on both sides and enjoyed conversations we had.  I left wanting to come back before leaving. Mike was great and as busy as he was he made sure our drinks were always filled. For anyone visiting New Orleans this is the place to come. There are so many other things that looked and sounded good. Enjoy ....Reasonably priced, reasonably good Creole food.  Nice atmosphere (though a bit crowded...though that adds to the ambiance:  we were here for a conference, and as nearly as I could tell, everyone in that area of the dining room was at the same conference, so we got into some nice conversations)An absolute fan of this place!! In a great location - perfect spot for dinner with a group. We came around 8pm on a Thursday night and the place was full but still managed to get seats. We started with the alligator and crab cake appetizers - the crab cake was absolutely delicious - no clue what they dressed it with but it tasted sooo good! The alligator was good - slightly dry but I think that is just how the meat is.. came in a sausage form. I had the jambalaya for my main course and man  was I blown away! It was SO good. I stuffed myself trying to finish the whole thing. Our waiter was awesome and brought over a warm bread pudding in whiskey sauce on the house! The cocktails were good here as well, strong and sweet  just the way they like it in the south! haha - I recommend this place to anyone who is in the area!Three words..... ROAST BEEF PO-BOY!!!!!
Highly recommended! The line to the restaurant spoke for itself. Out the door and onto the crowded cobble stoned streets. I'm telling you now, it is well worth the wait. My mouth watered as I watched people being served through the glass door entry. The buss boys were working overtime to prepare tables for waiting customers. As we  were seated, dim lights and paintings on the wall gave this restaurant a warm southern atmosphere. It's not lunch or dinner and the place is crowded. Out of the six of us, five of us ordered Gumbo while I wanted a to try the Po-boy. It was highly recommended from a friend who is a Louisiana local. The sandwich was soft on the inside of a crispy bun. Using ketchup or any sauce would be a crime. It was served with a side of fries, which I didn't really care much for, but it didn't matter because it was a great meal at an affordable price. I will most likely be stopping by once more for Gumbo. The only disappointment was that I didn't order Gumbo!!!This is the chef of the Gumbo shop talking about the history of Gumbo and how he created the menu. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FNwP9C_qcA
The chef  explains  that Gumbo was created for lent because NOLA is a Catholic town.  http://whatscookingamerica.net/History/GumboHistory.htm
Leave  it to Catholics to find  a way to make something  that is supposed to be a sacrifice into something considered to be a treat not a sacrifice.
I choose the Gumbo shop because I am  deathly allergic to shell fish  and I wanted to try  Gumbo in NOLA and not another city. The Gumbo shop has  selections for those like me who are allergic to shell fish.
My friend  Sue H   says "This is a good place to go if you want a meal with local flavor."
 http://www.yelp.com/biz/gumbo-shop-new-orleans-2#hrid:cUdKjHf3NtcrdzY9LnFnXw
 I have had Gumbo before I have  even made it but I wanted to try it where it is authentic.
But I ended up not being able to eat  much because I got sick. (not due to the  Gumbo shop) But what I did have  was  great! My hubby had a seafood okra Gumbo and he loved it!
He  also had a Shrimp Poboy and  loved it so much! He looked for one in NYC but  all of the pictures were just  Hero's with shrimp adding  lots of lettuce as filler (here in NYC) . At  the Gumbo shop it was rich in shrimp and  sauce. 
I had red beans and rice and a green salad and a few other things that  we didn't take pictures of. The red beans and rice were smoky and delicious!
It was one of my hubby's favorite meals in Nola. 
The service was a bit rushed.  But adequate.
There were always long lines for dinner when we went by. It is right in the French Quarter. It has a great location and great  food. My suggestions is to go for lunch the  lines are not as long.When arriving in New Orleans there's a few things you need to do; listen to some live music, try a multitude of cocktails and eat some traditional New Orleans cooking. While I didn't do as much as I would have liked of the first two, I certainly did the latter. So where do you go when you want some Gumbo? Well, The Gumbo Shop. 
I was put off initially because the line was always super long and while that's a great sign, when I was extremely hungry I didn't want to spend a lot of time waiting. That changed when I was nearing the end of my trip and knew I had to bite the bullet and wait in line. Luckily, it moved very quickly. 
The food was tremendous. I had the Chicken and Andouille sausage gumbo with a Strawberry Daiquiri. The portions (for both food and drink) were plentiful, the food extremely flavourful and filling, and the price wasn't that high either. The service, like everything I experienced in New Orleans, was plentiful, to a high standing and full of southern charm. 
I can't wait to get the chance to go back to New Orleans, and whomever I end up there with one of the first spots we'll hit is The Gumbo Shop.Had a little of a lot of things: chicken okra gumbo, Louisiana BBQ shrimp, garlic mashed potatoes and boudin with creole mustard. Everything was really good, and loved that you could get side dishes galore and try everything. Plus they give you plenty of po boy bread. Wait staff was super friendly and helpful too. Highly recommended for good Louisiana mealwent here for dinner in 11/13. didnt have to wait at all which was nice..kinda cramped and crouded in the area we were sat, but that was okay..took a little while to get the waitress to come to our table to ask for our drinks, but once she made it she was really nice..they were just pretty busy when we got there..ordered the blackened fish and mashed potatoes..was very good! enjoyed the bread on the table..also got the boudin for an app and it was super good! my friends got the spinach artichoke dip which was also tasty..they ordered the combo plate with red beans and rice, shrimp something, and gumbo..which they said was really good..overall this place was the best food i had while in new orleans so ide def go backOur waiter Michael was so nice and funny. He made the visit even better. The food was great & came in great portions. A little bit pricey overall but great seafood gumbo!It was pretty darn good! the only reason I'm only giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that I was really disappointed in the gator sausage. The chicken andouille gumbo, crawfish etouffee, and jambalaya were all really good but the shrimp creole was by far my favorite! My husband also got the red beans and seafood okra gumbo that he said was good. Don't forget dessert either, the parline sundae and warm bread pudding with whiskey sauce are pretty tasty but the  chocolate brownie pie with ice cream is the winner! The place is busy and the service is not the fastest so make sure you go before you get hangry.Best gumbo and creole dishes! We ordered the chicken gumbo and shrimp creole which were both amazing. Love places that leave out warm bread that's actually good before/with dinner.Great cozy place. Expensive food and ambiance at an affordable price. Excellent salad with blackened chicken and chicken andouille gumbo with bread are making me want to return to the big easy.  SAVE ROOM FOR THE WHISKEY BREAD PUDDING!yes, i am a gumbo shop alumni.  i hear they took the alligator sauce picant off the menu.  silly gumbo.  and i heard they no longer sell the garlic hot sauce. that was a bad move.  everyone loves the gumbo garlic hot sauce.  shame on the new owners. 
so, anyway, the red beans and rice will always help a hangover.  i see someone called it the worst cooking in new orleans - it's red beans and rice and basic river dwelling cajun food.  it's commisary style.  what were you expecting for $10?The Food was very delicious, especially the bread pudding, but the service was kind kind of bad. The server had a habit of disappearing and I had to ask other servers for my drinks and food. They also don't have air conditioning so it's hot and stuffy inside.Had the seafood gumbo and the chicken andouille  sausage gumbo which is supposed to be their specialty. It took FOREVER to come out and when I simply asked the waiter how much longer , he rudely said, "don't ask me, I'm not cooking it!". Excuse me?
Seafood gumbo had NO seafood in it, none. Made me wonder if they blend it or something? The chicken gumbo was better, but far from great. My daughter also had the jambalaya and that had 2 shrimp in it. I felt cheated.Amazing. Awesome gumbo and combination plate! The patio is very nice and Jamal our waiter was super friendly and attentive. I couldn't believe how fast we were sat and then 5 min later we were eating! Incredible service and food, will definitely come here every time I'm in New Orleans. By the time the bread pudding and chocolate brownie arrived we were already in a cozy food coma. Has beer.Ordered from the Creole sampler menu. For about $20, you get a selection of gumbo, 3 side orders, and a dessert.  The food experience was mediocre. I would have given this place 2 stars if it weren't for the crawfish etoufee and courtyard seating.Very very good jambalaya, shrimp creole a tad too saucy, red beans and rice with sausage excellent, super nice service, cool atmosphere and old school wall drawings, convenient. Bloody Mary hit the spot. I'd go back for take out.Everything great but didn't hear the specials (partially my fault). Sat in courtyard under a lovely umbrella. Very good drink and meal within budget.Wanted to like this place. Gumbo was salty. And the etoufee was salty and just warm. 
If place was in NYC where I'm
From would have given 3 stars but in NOLA this just doesn't cut it.Super duper touristy but what do you expect for the French Quarter. Great for a quality lunch but expect a crowd. I had seafood okra gumbo and it was delicious. They also serve you fresh baked bread to go along with it. I will definitely go back the next time I'm in the neighborhoodIf you're looking for simple, good cajun/creole food, this is the place to go. Not a great selection of draft bears, but the food was really tasty. If you're like me and not really a seafood (or river food for that matter) fan, it's a great place to go with your seafood loving friends/co-workers. I had a gumbo with chicken and sausage, which was great.We have been coming here for 30 years and will continue whenever we are in town. Service is kind and very helpful. We had the creole sampler (good except the jambayla was sticky and bland this visit) and redfish St. Peter (delicious), alligator sausage (yum), seafood gumbo (good) and bread pudding (a classic).  It was crowded but we got seated quickly.  Hard to get into and out of seats because tables are so close together. Probably could take out one table per row and solve the problem.I had high expectations of this restaurant and food was mediocre. It was missing that flavorful New Orleans taste. Ms. Brenda the server and the crab cake is the only thing that saved the 2 stars.Tourist trap yes.  I give it 2 stars for atmosphere.  Food was Cisco out of the box.  Jambayla was box mix with tomatoes paste base.  Presentation was lacking.  2 big balls on a plate.  Gumbo not better.  One note flavor   ..hot sauce was good need it to add to every dish.  Probably be better if I was drinking2 unforgettable items:  BBQ shrimp and the Pecan Vinagrette Salad Dressing.
New Orleans style BBQ shrimp are different than you would expect - there is no actual BBQ sauce, nor is a grill used.  The shrimp are baked (shell on, so you gotta work for it) in a seasoning and sauce concotion that is finger licking good.  Ask for extra bread to sop up the sauce.
The house salad is simple - lettuce and creole tomatoes mixed with a sassy pecan vinagrette.
If my memory is correct the BBQ shrimp weren't on the menu. I think our waitress mentioned them, so make sure you ask or call ahead.You will not go wrong with the blackened fish Po Boy. Outstanding and stellar service. Tip- Oceana's turtle soup is betterOMG - the best & I'm local.  Fantastic food & service.  Flavors are incredible.  There is often a line but worth the wait.  There is a BIG difference between Cajun & Creole New Orleans food.  Gumbo can be made in many, many different ways with vastly different recipes.  So, ask before you order.For the price you can't beat the value of the Gumbo Shop.  We were in New Orleans 4 days and found ourselves eating here twice.  Good solid Cajun menu, reasonable prices, small but good wine list, impeccable wait staff, very good food.
Tried the read beans and rice, crawfish étouffée, grilled boudin, pecan pie, and bourbon bread pudding.  All the food was spot on!Awful, simply awful. I was completely embarrassed at the poor quality of food when I had guests in town. We left starving because all nine of us didn't eat most of our food. Spinach dip? Um, had to be frozen w/store bought chips-had no flavor, no seasoning.
My roast beef po-boy-nasty. The dark brown gravy was joyless, tasteless, nothing I'd ever recommend. I have no idea how this place stays in business. After leaving there, we went and ate somewhere else an hour later. I have not been that disappointed ever when eating out here in NOLA.Came during my vacation to NOLA. And this is the best gumbo spot I had during my trip!! It was a great dining experience. I got the gumbo, sister got shrimp creole, and brother got the triple combo. It was filling and the French rolls at the beginning of the meal was a nice touch. Their bread pudding and pecan pie were amazing as well. Had the perfect amount of sweetness for three. Our server Tim was wonderful as well even though it was a busy evening.After an hour of walking tour in thunderstorms with no rain gears, my hubby and I am completely drenched from head to toes.  Instead of running back to our hotel for a change of clothes, we walked into this place for a nice lunch!  Maybe this happens a lot at NOLA, all of the servers did not even batting an eye.  I had the seafood and okra gumbo which I like a lot!  Hubby had the combo plate with Shrimp gumbo on left, crawfish étouffée on right, and jambalaya in the middle.  He cleaned the plate up!For drinks, we had Voodoo Mary and Hurricane which are both fantastic as well.  Would come back for sure if we are in town again.The setting and atmosphere is nice but a bit of a tourist trap. Few locals actually eat in the french quarter. Anyway between two of us we had the blackened fish, gumbo, crawfish étouffée, and pecan ice cream. Blackened fish was very good, everything else was average in that it was mass prepared and not very interesting.
The wait staff were nice and attentive and probably the best asset to the restaurant as opposed to the food we had. Worth a try but perhaps try more grilled and cooked to order itemsLegit one of the best meals I've ever had. Traveled all the way from LA and had this amazing meal. The chicken andouille gumbo and the étouffée were AMAZING. Don't forget about the bread pudding! Ask for Jamal...he's awesome and treated us so well!Food and service was great! Waiter was extremely friendly and helpful with food selection. I had the shrimp and okra gumbo, which was tasteful and hearty. Definitely one of the best gum is I've had while visiting NOLA :)At arrival, we were greeted with this line of people waiting to be seated.  It's a good sign that the food has to be good.  We waited for about 20 minutes, so that was too bad.  The party of 5 was seated by the check out counter so that was just as bad as sitting by the bathrooms.  We had people bumping into us because the place has jammed in as many tables as possible.
The waiter came to greet us and after he got our water, he disappears for a very long time.  20 minutes later, a waitress came by to tell me that she is relieving our waiter.  We were so hungry, we ordered quickly.  The food took forever to come out!   But the food was good so it took away some of the hunger aggression.
The gumbo was ok.  I remember gumbo tasting better.  The etouffee was amazing.  I don't know what went into it but it tasted so heavenly.  The gravy/sauce had this umami to it.    I wish I had it pumped straight into my veins.  It was so good.This is the first time my girlfriend and I tried Creole Cuisine. Being vegetarian, both of us were apprehensive of trying Caribbean food, considering how most of the menu was either sea food or meat based. There was a long line of people waiting to get in, but the line moved fast and we were seated within a half hour. Our waiter was both friendly and quick in bringing our food out to us. We ordered the veggie dish of the day (black beans and rice), with a side of garlic mashed potatoes and creamy spinach dip. The waiter recommended the vegan gumbo bowl appetizer and we decided to roll with it. Although simple, the food was flavourful and the fact that everything was served piping hot only helped! Would definitely recommend this to all vegetarians in town, the food is most certainly worth the wait!Go here. Go here now.  And when you get there, order the chicken andouille gumbo.
My friend and I stopped in for a small late lunch one day and loved the gumbo so much we went back the next day with another friend for lunch (and a much bigger serving of gumbo).
Hopefully you will be as lucky as we were and get Jerome as your waiter.  He instantly made us feel welcome and gave us some tips along the way to be sure we ordered the best way possible. Those tips included that the chicken andouille gumbo was his favorite and that when we ordered the bread pudding we should ask for pecans on top. Both pieces of advice were absolutely on point.  
The chicken andouille gumbo is amazing. I'm not really sure what else to say. Flavorful without being rich, filling, yummy. Get the bowl, you will not regret it. When you order you are given fresh and hot french bread. It is amazing and you will likely want more (I know we asked for more). We ordered a side of the creole creamed spinach and a separate dish of the macque choux corn.  The creamed spinach was okay but different from what I expected (a creamier/cheesier dish similar to what you would get at a steakhouse). The corn was pretty amazing and had onions and peppers in it. Side dish portions are small but sufficient.
We decided to do a calorie splurge on the bread pudding and it was 100% worth it.  Hot, soft, flavorful, sweet deliciousness. Get it with the pecans as Jerome recommended.
I loved this place.Always had great food here, every time I come year after year after year. Usually always a wait but well worth it. In the winter time sometimes you can get right in. Dreaming about going back :-)
Updating my review from four years ago. I have been trying to come back to this place for the last four years and every time I come to town can't come here because there's over an hour wait always :-( and I hate waiting in a restaurant line, not coming back.We were recommend The Gumbo Shop by some individuals and were very happy with it. The atmosphere was nice, the food was delicious. We got the Chicken Andouille Gumbo, one of the restaurant's signature dishes, the hot roast beef sandwich and the spinach and artichoke dip. We left with zero leftovers... Everything was delicious and the service was friendly. Would recommend to anyone visiting the area.The best view for enjoying Gumbo. Gumbo is so so... I ordered one cup of gumbo to takeaway. They gave me a nice bag as a souvenirWent for a late dinner. Service was fast and friendly. Decor was outdated (think 90s) and food was just average. For a quick dinner it was okay. Not my favorite food in NOLA...not even close! But the friendly staff made it a relaxing and nice experience.Don't be fooled by the "sandwich shop" sounding name, this place is f-ing delicious!  Brandon was warm and charming but had excellent suggestions!  Try the Blakened Fish Nuggets for an appetizer and have either the Creole Platter, the Chicken Gumbo bowl, or both!Not quite as good as I remembered from many years ago but the seafood gumbo is really solid.  The highlight might be the waitstaff.  A little cranky, a little kind, and loads of character.Expected more for the long waits we saw here, but it was good enough I guess.   We did get lucky when we went, as there were a handful of people waiting in front of us, but none were a twosome.  The next table that opened was for 2 and we got right in.  
Chicken susage gumbo - pretty good.  Sampler of jambalaya, crawfish estoufee and creole shrimp - ok, but nothing memorable and could have been spicier for sure.  Crawfish dish was kind of funky fishy tasting to me and my least favorite.  Bread that came to the table was satisfying and we ate it all, which we normally don't.
Overall, the food lacked anything special to stand out to us.  The food also came kind of luke warm, so that is always a negative for me.  The tables were cramped in close together too and didn't make it very personal/romantic.  The bathrooms, shared unisex and not that clean.Good place but not great. The gumbo itself was excellent but the rest of it was so-so. The catfish is average. Prices are good and the service is average as well. If you are going just for the gumbo, I would recommend it very much.I'd eaten here before and coming back I remembered why - it's just good food!! It's in a nice location and it's a very nice space. There's more seating than you would think at first glance, so if there's a little line don't sweat it. I was in a group of three and we all enjoyed the combo plate. I has had a shrimp remoulade salad as well - yummy!! Prices are very reasonable. I'm not going to call this a must stop, but the food is very good and if youl;re in the area you will not be disapoiinted.Amazing place, great food, highly recommend. Can't wait to go back! 
The waiting staff are all very nice and really helpful. 
The food is just out of this world, everything we ordered was greatThe best food I've had here in New Orleans and at a good price. Gumbo, Jambalaya and red beans and rice were all fantastic.OMG this was the worst ever! The blackened chicken which should've been flavorful was lacking taste and it was VERY dry! The gumbo was not all that by any means, and DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT GOING TO THE RESTROOM HERE! It was only the afternoon and they looked worse than any night club's bathrooms. I walked in and turned around and walked out! Pat O-Brien's bathrooms were immaculate and thank goodness for that too! Do not wast your time or money on this place!You should not miss this place on your next trip to Nola. The absolute best value in the quarter for positively perfect Low Country food. Wait til you taste the fresh-baked flakey bread. Their fresh fruit daiquiris are delicious too.So, we are in town for weekend. Now, I never eat at a restaurant unless I Yelp it first. So I was excited when the Gumbo Shop had 4 stars for over 1700 reviews. This is my wife's first time in New Orleans and I wanted her to really experience everything Cajun. So she got the Chicken gumbo and I got the Combo platter. That way she could taste four different versions of New Orleans.... Service was good, had Matt as our server. But the food was horrible. No salt or flavor at all and it was lukewarm. But when you order and your food comes out 4 minutes later what did I expect. It usually means there are so pre-made food that was just put on a plate and served to guest. I was very disappointed and the true highlight of my meal was the fresh bread. I left the restaurant regretting every single penny that was spent.Once more part of the southbound roadtrip I find myself passing through New Orleans, Louisiana. Of course, as a foodie you want to try what the area is known for. One of those things are gumbo and alligator. So as we walk around the French Quarter and after having finished the pilgrimage to Cafe du Monde, we ask a cashier as to what restaurant she suggests and she mentions The Gumbo shop. Without hesitation, we explore the French Quarter and find the place. The restaurant is conveniently located near the St. Louis church which is where we wanted to go after lunch. The entrance to the restaurant has its own charm as you walk through a short hallway, to the left you see an open air dining area and to the right you see a high ceiling spacious indoor dining are, you didn't thing possible. Our waitress was very pleasant and friendly. We decide to go with dishes we thought "local" to the region not state or city mind you! , crab cake, gumbo, alligator sausage and a slice of pecan pie. I asked about the sausage and pecan pie and was told both were made in the restaurant.
As we soak up the ambiance, we are given bread and butter as a starter, and the bread itself seemed to be able hold its own in taste and texture as it was wonderfully crusty and warm. As our ordered dishes arrived, we ate our meals and could only say..it was delicious. The crabcake, sausage, and gumbo was tasty and the pecan pie was great. TIP: I suggest ordering pecan pie heated and served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and although the crab cake is not on the menu, ask about it or I think they have it as part of their house special. Overall it was a great experience.das some good eatin
cool courtyard areaGreat Red Beans & Rice, yummy Chicken Andouille Gumbo, and terrific service. Tyler, our server, was a sweetie! Thanks for a great dining experience!!Really good combo plate - jambalaya, shrimp and crawfish étouffée. Also the gator sausage app was great!! Had good, quick service. Would definitely recommend if you don't feel like waiting for a table at acme. 
Only reason I can't give 5 stars is because the seafood Gumbo had a slightly weird consistency - maybe slimy from the okra but it was a bit gelatinous compared to other gumbo I've had in LA.Oi! Food is AMAZING. If you ask for bread, they'll bring the po-boy style bread which is a piece of heaven and boy, we stuffed ourselves that night. I had a daily special daiquiri (honeydew) and that by itself was superb. I think I cleaned my plate with the bits and pieces of bread and joked with our cool waiter that I didn't have anything yet, where is my food? So so good food. My gf had the jambalaya (first-timer) and she said that it was really tasty and perfect in every way. Definitely coming back! Sit outside if you can in their little backyard area.The atmosphere was great!! It was very busy and a line to get in. Between the three of us we had steak, mashed potatoes, turnip greens, crab cakes, seafood gumbo, chicken andouille gumbo and warm bread pudding. Both gumbos were great, the crab cakes were excellent and the bread pudding was the BEST!  Even though it was crowded, service was not long and our waitress Jessica was awesome!!! I will be back especially for the bread pudding. The price points were very comparative.I checked out the Gumbo Shop as my first stop during my trip to NOLA. And wow, it definitely was a great introduction into the creole food of the area and the great flavors that I could expect while there. They bring out warm bread as a starter for the table, and I ordered a chicken and Andouille gumbo (promoted as a local favorite). You would think that a hot soup during a hot day would not be a great choice, but the wonderfully air conditioned venue allowed for this kind of paradox. The gumbo was delicious, hearty, and with the perfect amount of spice. I definitely recommend checking this place out!Without a doubt the best pasta I had ever had. If you don't know what to get, get the Crawfish and Pasta in Tasso Cream. Not only is the food great, so is the atmosphere and service. The day I get to return to New Orleans, I'm certainly coming back here.Overall it was decent. The services was really quick so no complaints and the food was decent. Nothing to go crazy overJust say no!  Remember this is geared for tourist.  I had a cup of chicken gumbo which was fairly good and red beans and rice which was okay.  My wife had the jambalaya which had too much tomatoe taste and must have come out of a box.  The atmosphere was great and service almost too quick, all made up  ahead of time.    The food was just not that good.  We will be eating somewhere out of the quarter next meal.What can I say....Gumbo was delicious?  I had the seafood gumbo and husband had the chicken gumbo.  It's been 20 years since I was here and nothing has changed.  It was great, fast and service was pleasant.I will give this spot a 5 star rating because of the waiter Jerome. He was exceptional to our large group.  He kept us entertained and made great suggestions.  The food was amazing.  Get the shrimp dish as an appetizer was delicious.  When you go ask for Jerome.Bread pudding.  Don't come here and not get the bread pudding.  There is probably some old LA law about coming to Gumbo Shop and not eating the bread pudding.  My gf and I came here everyday (sometimes twice) in our 4 night trip to the big EZ.
Oh, the other food is pretty good too.A+ for the Cajun food and the service.
My party of four arrived late Thursday evening - we started waiting in line at 8:15pm and got seated an hour later. Gumbo Shop closes at 10pm, so we were among the last people to be seated before they started turning the crowd away (be warned, it's in high demand and for good reason).
All of us ordered the classic gumbo entree, but we had to wait for a bit as the restaurant was nearing closing time. Our server was very empathetic and gave us not one, but two loaves of bread as appetizers! (The second loaf, as she said, was actually the restaurant's last loaf for the day. We were lucky.) 
The gumbo itself was hearty and oh-so-yummy. It had the right blend of meat, vegetables, and spices, and each spoonful led to the next. I probably wolfed down my bowl in five minutes, but that's what I do when the food is downright delicious. 
We also ordered bread pudding as dessert, which was a tasty end to our already very satisfying meal. The second surprise for the night, though, was that the dessert was on the house (most likely because we had to wait a while for the gumbo)! What a touching gesture.
Food is delicious, and the service was one of the most considerate I've seen in a while. I wish I remembered our server's name, but I will definitely remember the fantastic experience I had at Gumbo Shop.Voted as the top Cajun restaurant by locals:
This place is the ultimate eatery for a wide variety of Cajun foods.  The hospitality is with total class and friendliness.  The owner actually spends time at each and every table to share stories and positive experiences to enhance our own experience at the spot.  Courtyard feel in the warmer months is a plus!
If you are coming from out of town, the head chef will compliment special guests with $30 worth dishes for you to try.  You give them a thumbs up, they will continue to make you very happy.
The recommended dishes are the Chicken Gumbo, Jambalaya, Alligator Sausages plus the Cajun Honey Mustard Sauce.
Grab a plate and dig in...don't forget to get the recipe book on the way out!So stinkin good. I love me some gumbo, but you do don't get this kinda gumbo out in SF.
You line up to get in - it moved pretty fast. I got like the chicken/sausage gumbo - such good flavor. The garlic hot sauce was amazing. We all bought bottles and they were only like $3??? Crazy cheap.I heard about this place from a friend who'd been to New Orleans 5 times, and I gotta say they were spot on. The servers definitely try hard to see how you're doing and don't pressure you if you literally just get gumbo which is not always the case in some establishments. 
The food is honestly great and consistently good from what I ordered:
-Blackened catfish with garlic mashed potatoes: superb, just superb
-The Special blackened catfish or redfish with the crab cake in white sauce: The sauce was good but it doesn't make sense paying more for when you can just get the regular and it's just as good
-Blackened Fish Salad: also really good, they use romaine and had a good amount of veggies with a great portion of fish with an awesome sauce
-Jambolaya: I actually really enjoyed it, you can get a half and it's a good portion for 1 in conjunction with something else
-Gumbo: I personally liked it, even though it tastes sort of like clam chowder but with gravy and rice
-Bread Pudding: one of the better bread puddings and can be split between two but would rather get the beignets down the street from du MondePretty much as good as it gets for Gumbo, Shrimp Creole and all the usual favorites.  These guys do it right and the location is very cool.  Got to love the outdoor plaza in the back!
This is a can't miss stop when you are in New Orleans.YUM. That basically describes it. 
We came for lunch and had the gumbo sampler for $14.99 and the combo platter with shrimp creole, crawfish etouffeé and jambalaya for $16.99. Our server was Brenda, and we couldn't have dreamt up a more wonderful guide for our culinary adventure. 
Dine in the courtyard for what is surely a quintessential New Orleans experience.What a meal!!! We started with crab cakes and alligator sausage.  I have never liked alligator, but our awesome server Mykel, suggested  we try it, and I'm so glad she did!!!
Don't skip this great restaurant.!