This is possibly one of the best fried chicken I've had in New Orleans. Chicken was juicy, not overly greasy, with a touch of spice. Portions are nice, sides are incredible. I recommend subbing the beans and slaw with fried okra and mac-n-cheese. Service was perfect, our server May was nice, recommended great things, and was a delight to talk to. Overall, a great experience!Native New Orleanian !!!! Best fried chicken I have had in a while ! Hot, fresh , not greasy , juicy chicken. We also had fried okra and fried green tomatoes . Everything was AMAZING . Staff was super friendly , clean atmosphere and very welcoming . We will be back !My husband and I went for the soft opening and despite it being their first night open, everything was executed perfectly. Our chicken and fried pickles were perfectly crisp, spicy, and served piping hot. The service was super friendly, the atmosphere was really fun and relaxed. Definitely the best fried chicken in town! We will be back.There's no fried chicken in the world like Gus's. I've been a huge fan from back when I lived in Memphis, so I was over the moon when I heard they were opening up a location in New Orleans, and it did not disappoint!! Fried chicken is juicy on the inside, crisp on the outside, and perfectly spicy. Baked beans are just as tasty as I remembered, and you can't go wrong with a 40 of beer to rinse it down. Service was amazingly fast and friendly. I will be back way too often for my own good!I discovered this restaurant when I lived in Burbank California with their super spicy chicken and amazing sides I was so excited to hear that it was coming to New Orleans and it did not disappoint I recommend anyone that Diggs chicken get over thereJust as good as I remember it in Memphis. The same hustle to find a good parking spot too :) It's perfectly located near the convention/port in New Orleans.
The inside is much more lit than the one in Memphis and nice designed to give you space. I was immediately greeted when I walked in. We knew what we wanted so we just waited for a server. 
It did take him a few minutes to arrive but he was really nice and prompt after that. We got the 8pc dark to split. The chicken was crispy and had a kick just how I like it. It didn't take long to come out and it was hot which is great. I saw some complaints on the Mac and cheese. Not sure if they heard you out or had a different cook but that Mac and cheese was so good my husband almost ordered some to go. 
It's a pretty simple menu. Chicken or tenders. Pick your side. Highly recommend if you have never been and I hope they do very well in Nola. Saves me a road trip to Houston or Memphis :)GUS is fiya! This is third location I've been to and it stands up to the rest of the other locations and I believe it's this locations first week, only the beginning! It's usually a wait and I don't mind waiting for good food! Come on inHad heard the food was tasty but was super impressed. Had both dark and white meat chicken which were both incredibly juicy so flavorful. The mac & cheese was awesome as were the beans. Our sever Mary was not only on top of it (we had a group of 6) but funny, charming and offering great suggestions as well. We will def be back!This is an awesome fried chicken joint. The chicken was juicy on the inside, and not too greasy on the outside. Perfect on a Friday afternoon with a cold beer . I got here 4:45 PM, and there was absolutely no wait ;)Can't say enough about this place. Atmosphere was great. The chicken was prob some of the best I've had. Mac was delicious and baked beans were good. The fried okra was out of this world. Will def be back again and again. Oh and the staff is very friendly.Eat the chicken, Anna Mae!!!! Placed a last minute to go order (6mins to close) and not only was it honored (I ordered 3 platters) it was fresh and delish! The chicken has a nice kick and doesn't need anything else. The beans and slaw are great complements. I walked right up, paid and was out the door. They even all thanked me for coming. Can you believe it! I ate the first plate before driving off.Gus's has the best chicken ever! I learned this in Memphis and sealed the deal here in Nola. Soo good, place was super clean and server was awesome!I've heard so much about this place. There are many locations across the country. This is the newest location. Last year for the Annual Fried Chicken Festival, they had a booth, so I decided to try it for the first time with a friend. We were both impressed and couldn't wait til they opened the location here.
Someone at the booth told us about it, then. Let me just say, it's still as delicious as I remembered trying last year! The chicken is seasoned well, and has the right amount of spice to it. The mac and cheese was also delicious. I will be coming here more often.Absolute best fried chicken on the planet. Great location in New Orleans, great service and unbelievable food. Reminds me of fried chicken we used to have as a child. Always fresh and cooked to order...no heat lamp chicken here.This is delicious gut busting fried chicken! The food was fresh & piping hot. I could not get enough of their fried green tomatoes with a side of ranch; I ordered two servings! I could not finish my whole plate...Thank God for to-go plates!The best fried chicken there is! It is so crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, so so yummy!!!!Deliciousness in every bite!  Love the spices!!! Location is perfect for hop on/hop off freeway access.  A great new addition to the warehouse district!!!This place is so so so good! We found this place at the 2019 Fried Chicken Fest where they WON and we knew we had to have it again. I love fried chicken and it is so satisfying. The dark meat is incredible. The Mac and cheese is delicious!!! So creamy and tasty. The environment is also great. Good service and was taken care of well. I have to say price is a huge positive. I feel like it is well priced for what it is, unlike places that charge a lot more for fried chicken and isn't nearly as good. This is definitely a place to stop for a fried chicken experience.Native New Orleanian, but lived in 8 States and now back in NOLA again, so I've had lots of fried chicken all over the country. 
Gus's chicken is good ... maybe very good ... but not great in my opinion. 
Before getting to the meal itself, I will comment that the restaurant is still as of 7/17/2019 going thru start up challenges ... still finishing up construction tasks, learning the POS/ordering system (which caused some mistakes with my order that had to be corrected), and training staff. And when I (only half) jokingly asked the store manager about a "new customer start up discount", you would have thought I had 3 heads and green skin. 
Regarding the food, the sides are mediocre at best. The slaw was okay (a little on the sweet side which works well with the spicy chicken) but the potato salad was almost tasteless and the potato chunks were way too large for my liking. The slices of white bread seemed less than "fresh", too thin and "flimsy", and were likewise relatively tasteless. 
I agree with others that the chicken has a nice spice blend without too much heat, and it was nicely cooked. But for my money, Chef Carl's chicken on Monday nights at the Roosevelt Hotel is better (and a better $ value) AND comes with MUCH better sides in a MUCH nicer environment, AND a beer !!! 
There are several excellent fried chicken choices in NOLA and I personally think once the "newness / trendiness" of Gus's wears off, it will take its position as a mid-tier choice and not a particularly good value.I visited Gus's for the first time Tuesday night and went to the bar to order to go. After reviewing  the menu and seeing that their only option was spicy chicken, I decided to leave. The server Erica stopped me as I was exiting and asked had I changed my mind. I told her I could not eat spicy chicken. She suggested I try a piece; explained that her previous customer had the same concern, but after tasting it enjoyed it so much that they ordered. I decided to accept her offer. 
Erica walked to the kitchen and requested a leg for me to try. She was very detailed when explaining that there was a customer that was concerned about the spice content and as a courtesy wanted me to try it.
The cook!!! He was so rude to her. Nasty for no reason. I felt so bad. She tried to explain a 2nd and 3rd time in the same polite manner the reason for her request, but the way he responded to her made me feel terrible. Not to mention, a manager stood there and did not intervene until Erica helplessly turned to her for help. 
Eventually the cook released the leg for me to try. It was good. I ended up buying 2 plates that evening but left Gus's a bit disgusted by what I witnessed.
Erica, you went above and beyond and turned a walk out into a customer. I need a few like you on my staff. You handled that situation like a professional! 5 stars for you my dear.Awesome fried chicken, I was introduced by my wife because she had Gus's in Tennessee. I truly enjoyed this experience.My Favorite Fried Chicken
It's no exaggeration "World Famous." At least to me it is. With all the fried chicken places to choose from, here comes another one. Don't miss this place. Spicy fried chicken done deliciously crispy, spicy, flavored throughout.  All of the sides are soul food and delicious. I love the greens. The place is in an offbeat location but well worth going to. It's alway busy.Hands down new best fried chicken in Nola. I am a local and native and Willie Mae's now has some competition on their hands.Probably one of the best chicken I've had! So juicy,fresh and a really good batter!!!! Chicken made fresh when ordered! Mac and cheese is awesome! Fried okra really good! A bit pricey but worth it! I would come back!!Awesome chicken! Hot moist and tasty. Ate mine and stole some tenders off my wife's plate. The greens and Mac and cheese were equally delicious. Service is awesome too! The manger even came around to make sure were happy. Will return next time in town. Oh! And it's really clean!Best everything ever! I'm from Indiana where we like our coleslaw on the sweeter side. This is the only place I've found it perfect! And of course the fried chicken is perfection!Great chicken and great service from Melva!Everything was amazing!!! Love the cute to go cups! The chicken was hot, crispy, and delicious! Jennifer our waitress was the sweetest! Thank y'all so much!Gus's has to be one of the best fried chicken places I've ever been to! Better than Hattie B's in Nashville and definitely better than any other fried chicken spot in New Orleans, including Willie Mae's.
I think Gus's is originally from Memphis, and they have a lot of stores across the nation. Despite this, they are still able to maintain high quality, great service, and a fun ambience.
First off, the food tonight was AMAZING. I got the 2 piece dark meat (drumstick and leg) with mac & cheese and fries as my sides. The highlight was the leg!!! I love that there's no batter, so the chicken isn't too heavy. The skin is fried to perfection - so crisp and juicy, almost like a chicharron. The meat inside was also succulent and very moist. My friend had the breast, and it was the juiciest piece of white meat I've ever had. I also loved how the mac & cheese was down home soul food (tasted almost like kraft and wasn't too salty, but I think that pairs perfectly with the seasoned chicken). Something about it just felt really homey and Southern. The fries were also seasoned very well; kinda like Cajun fries where they were a little salty, a little sweet, and a little spicy. 
I was soooo close to ordering more chicken. It's absolutely addicting, especially the seasoning. It had a slight kick from the spices and was salty in a good way.
My friend and I also shared the chocolate chess pie which tasted kind of like a lightened up brownie, but with a pie crust. It wasn't too sweet, which I really enjoyed. However, it was pretty heavy to eat after all the chicken and carbs, so I wasn't as crazy about it. But if you have a big stomach and like chocolate, you'll definitely enjoy it.
Service was A+. We were immediately greeted by the staff when we walked in, our server was attentive and very nice, and (who I think was) the manager walked around the room checking in on everyone. 
My friend and I live so close to Gus's, so you bet we'll be frequent fliers at this new spot. I hope they'll be able to maintain their standards throughout the next months since they definitely set the bar high from the get-go!Honestly, the service and the food at Gus's is top notch.  I first tried Gus's in Atlanta (Downtown) and I went back the whole weekend (yes, three times).
The service and food here in New Orleans were consistent with my experience in Atlanta - perfect. Everyone at Gus's goes out of their way to make sure you're enjoying the experience - it's a real pleasure to dine here. Thank you Gus's!Mediocre food. There's really not much to say. I only visited because it's down the streetThe food was good. Chicken was fresh out the fryer and tasted good but not the best I've ever had.  Greens had too many stems and tasted canned, which just isn't my preference. French fries were good. My issue was the time.... it took 45 minutes for our food to come.  That's just too much IMO.  Maybe it's due to the newness but it wasn't too crowded.Some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. The place was clean and the service was top notch! Be forewarned that the chicken is very spicy and I'm not sure if there's an option to get it not spicy. My husband hates hot food but loved theirs and wanted to take some home with him. 
We also had the chess pie which was like a warm brownie. It was good, but I would definitely true another dessert next. 
Everything is paper and plastic so if you're looking for silver where or upscale dining experience this isn't it, but it's so worth the money and time. If you're in the Garden District or the French Quarter you can definitely walk here even though gps suggests driving or taking public transit.The chicken was perfectly fried! Crispy on the outside but nice and juicy in the inside!OMG, can you say DELICIOUS? Super fresh? Super hot(temperature)? Perfectly seasoned?? OMG this is your place if you're looking for some AMAZING fried chicken!!! I went there today and I'm sorry it has taken me so long to get there!! The service was great, the manager on duty was extremely friendly and very helpful, super nice! The decor was super cute, but that chandelier... I NEED one in my house when I win that powerball!! Lol 
Overall, this was a wonderful experience and I will definitely be back and tell everyone I know about it!!!
Thank you again for a wonder first experience, Scott!!Excellent service, great tasting chicken as advertised!! The atmosphere is a little too loud, but overall it's a fantastic restaurantLove, love, LOVE!!! I was super excited to get to the place that won my heart. I now understand why this has become a fan fave @ Fries Chicken Fest!!!! Firstly, the decor is modern chic. You kinda get the feeling that you're visiting a family member. If you love spicy chicken this is the place to go. Macaroni was super cheesy and simply yummy! Portion sizes are generous. You're going to be satisfied with the options of sides and when you leave you'll be satisfied.Flew into New Orleans, went to WWII museum before it closed, left starving as hadn't eaten all day. Did Yelp search for something close but good, heck it's New Orleans. Fried chicken always a good bet. Checked for close places and this one sounded great and familiar. Was in cool old building in Warehouse District. Great vibe. The food was very tasty. I had fried chicken, cole slaw, Mac and cheese. Definitely one of the best fried chicken I've ever had.I was proud of myself for finding this N. O. gem. So I researched it and realized I traveled half way across the country and it was familiar because one of the only few dozen in the world is about 2 miles from my home. Well, it was fantastic, I love the warehouse district, and I totally redeemed myself by finding bread pudding at Mother's... See review of Mother's.Was excited to try this place after reading the great reviews.I am sorry to inform you it is not all that.The beans and macaroni were good the chicken was very dry and had a dark coloring no skin at all.We ordered the pecan pie and Chocolate bliss pie the pecan pie had eggshells in it I enjoyed the Chocolate pie.Much better chicken can be bought from Mandinas on Canal street close to Carrollton.I have tried the Nashville hot several times before and was not a fan. This place though does a great hot chicken! I highly recommend getting the Mac and cheese as a side, as well the fried okra. To top it off you can order a 40oz beer with it. Hats off to Gus's!!!Living in New Orleans my entire life, I am used to eating great fried chicken. Gus's Fried Chicken originates from Tennessee and I heard great things about them. It is a franchise, so I was not sure what to expect. I just know that they were in Fried Chicken Fest in 2017 and won third place best fried chicken. I read an article that they were opening up and I was so excited to try it out!
I tried this place on the second day it was open. I ate by myself, but wanted to try a bunch of things. I ordered the 3 Piece Dark Meat with Baked Beans and Mac and Cheese for sides, a small Coleslaw, and Fried Pickle Spears.
The food came out really fast. Everything was portioned nicely, and the chicken looked picture perfect. The batter had good seasoning and a nice crunch. My spice tolerance is high, but these had a slight spice kick for me. Not spicy to give you sniffles, but slightly spicy enough to enjoy. The fried chicken was hot, but not fresh out of the fryer hot. The sides were just warm. The Fried Pickle Spears were piping hot, but the server warned me that it was really hot. I normally see thinly sliced, fried pickles at other places; but these were different and quite enjoyable as spears. 
Overall, a great fried chicken franchise to join the NOLA restaurant business. Parking can be a pain being in the warehouse district, but that is to be expected. The service was very attentive and I am happy that they paid attention to that on top of the good food. I am willing to come back to try their fried chicken again and their desserts.There is so much I could write but will keep it simple.  The food was simply, delicious.  The chicken had the perfect "crisp" to it without being overly crispy.  The flavor was pleasant with a tad bit of spice.  Not to hot, but a pleasant "burn".
The sides were phenomenal.  I ideally would not order Mac & Cheese, but after reading several reviews about I had to see for myself.  Very good, creamy but not overly cheesy!
The cole slaw was a nice addition  along with the baked beans which I really enjoyed!  The price was very reasonable for a meal so filling.
My server, Eustis, was BEYOND AMAZING! Very nice and well spoken gentlemen That I am glad I had the honor of meeting and have him serve me!
I will definitely be back!Definitely not Tennessee Guss Fried Chicken. This must be a franchise. Chicken is good but not seasoned to the bone like the chicken I get at Guss in Tennessee.  Side dishes are bland in taste. Dont know how they won the Chicken Festival much better chicken places in New Orleans. The wait time is ridiculous.  No one seems to be in a rush to get you your food. Maybe just a management issue. I will give them one more try to see if it gets better. Also parking is not good.I know why this place is world famous. The chicken was hot and delicious. Our server Melva was awesome. I will definitely be back.Ok I just came back from Memphis and went to the Gus's fried chicken there. It's safe to say that of course we got them beat. Everything taste different. They use the same seasoning but it just taste 100% times better. The chicken taste like my grandmother fried it so you know what that means. The staff is so nice and welcoming. The prices are reasonable. Try it you will not be disappointedThis place definitely lives up to their fried chicken hype. I consider myself somewhat of a fried chicken connoisseur and trust me I know good fried chicken and this place has it. The chicken was crisp, seasoned well and fresh!! There is a wait but it is worth it to have fresh, juicy and flavorful chicken! We will definitely come back!We stopped in for lunch this past Sunday. Melva was our waitress. She was super sweet and and very attentive even though the place was packed.  The chicken was deliciously crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Cole slaw was ok, just your typical Coleslaw. Mac and Cheese was pretty good. I'd go back for the chicken but with all the good food in this city they could improve the side dishes.Yum. Great hospitality. Quick service. I got the two piece dark meat. I wish I had gotten the three piece.  I enjoyed the beans and cold slaw. The greens were good too.Ate while traveling. All the other fried chickens need to stop. Perfectly spicy and salty. Simply the best! Good beer selection. Delicious mac & cheese and dessertsHeck yes this is one of the worlds best. Well fried with mild seasonings. Friendly staff and open restaurant. You don't even smell like fried food when you come out. I enjoyed the greens and potato salad. Beans and beans but sure, they were great. I broke my don't return to a place twice on vacation here... came back. Goodness again.Fun place near the convention center! Food and service were excellent. The greens, baked beans and Mac and Cheese were great sides. I enjoyed the fried pickle spears and fried okra too. 
The chicken was crisp and juicy and had a good crunch. The chicken is spicy but flavorful. 
There is a unique root beer float made with Not Your Father's RootBeer. Makes a cooling drink after your chicken dinner!This was my second location that I've visited. I went to the Austin location a while back and I must say that I had a little bit of a better experience at that location. The chicken was still very good here but the sides were lacking in flavor. They have some really delicious fried chicken though. Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, just like good fried chicken should be.Wow. Might be a top 5 favorite chicken place ever for me.  In Nola for the weekend and thanks to the yelp elite recommendation, i landed on this spot which was within walking distance from my hotel.
We had dark, white, tenders... and most sides (mac n cheese, potatoes, slaw).
Lets start with the sides:
 mac n cheese... such a simple recipe yet very few places get the texture and cheese ratio right.  Slaw....same thing, bot overpowering with mayo.
Main course: 
I prefer white meat and my wife only eat dark meat so we had a nice mix.  In addition, we got the tenders and grilled cheese for the kids.  The chicken is on a piece of toast which i thought was so clever to soak in any fat/oils.  The chicken is well seasoned and don't be fool by the "spicy" label, it does not bite much.
This was the first meal i had in NoLa and looking forward to the rest of the experiences already!!We love Gus' and are so happy they're in New Orleans! The chicken is to die for. Awesome sides as well. We always end with a chocolate checkered pie and ice cream. Love the cool cups that you can take to go! Unfortunately last I saw New Orleans wasn't added on the cup just yet.Amazing. The waiter was an older guy but OMG he was so pleasant. I don't know was was better the service or the chicken.  Both!!!Love love this place. Food is awesome. I love their fried chicken, Mac and cheese and Cole slaw. The best I had so far.Best fried chicken so far. I hate ppl who leave a 4 star review. If it's good leave 5 stars. I don't go out to get free stuff n complain. And this 5 stars is not bc I got 2 free pieces of chicken hot out the grease after eating my 2 yummy pieces but my 5 stars came from the good chicken and nice service from the whole staff kitchen to manager to the servers top notch. I'm a local and love food and never leave anything but 5 stars if I like the food n service. I'm a picky eater and if the restaurant suck I just won't come back I'm not ever leaving 1 star bc I had a bad experience. I'm just not coming back too many restaurants in New Orleans for that. But Gus I will be back!!! Again n again.As expected, Gus's has taken New Orleans by storm and has already claimed the title of best fried chicken in the city. Forget Willie Mae's (overrated), McHardy's, Fiorella's, Chubbies, and Carl's fried chicken at the Roosevelt -- none of them come close to the magnificence of Gus's. I went for lunch and ate a half chicken, went back to my hotel room, crashed for a few hours, went out and had a few drinks... and then went back to Gus's and ate another half chicken. Yes, it's that good. One of the few places that truly lives up to the hype. It's a near-religious experience.Great atmosphere, and location love the fact this restaurant is sort of a old garage which is its greatest charm cause garage door it serves as the window. The food was great, well seasoned and was very delicious. My server was great but there were only two of them so we waited a lot longer than expected. Overall great food.By far my favorite meal in NOLA! Used Yelp to be placed on waiting list. The staff are super friendly and apologized for the wait. No need to apologize because you must wait for food this amazing. Typical southern comfort food: fried pickles, Mac & cheese, cole slaw, and potato salad were delicious sides. Of course the fried chicken is phenomenally fresh and with just enough kick. So affordable. So glad we dined here after trying to get into Dooky's & Willie's and had no luck! Endless refills & an awesome Not Your Father's (alcohol) root beer float. Family friendly.This was delicious chicken. The whole experience was great. Great staff, great ambiance, and wonderful food. Next time I'm at a location that has a Gus's World Famous Fried Chicken, I'm going for sure!!That was great chicken!  Love the tempura style batter dipped chicken.  I had greens and Mac and cheese. Didn't finish the greens or the Mac.  It will do if you're hungry but felt boxed or canned.  Hence the four stars but that chicken...woooh wee!!  Service was great too.If you want hospitality New Orleans and Keene (our server) at Gus's is the place to go. And fried chicken. Just the right amount of heat in the batter, chicken moist, and yum yum the fried pickles and fried green tomatoes. Thank you Keene for smiling and making us feel welcome.Chicken and customer service were great. 40oz beers were a plus. Baked beans and potato salad were goodChicken is Fried at order--perfectly spiced and fresh. Crispy on the outside, juicy inside. So delicious. So glad they're here in NOLA now.Was in town for a conference at the convention center and decided to check this place out on my lunch break. Five stars isn't enough- this place is so god damn delicious I went back two more times during my stay!Absolutely amazing! The food is heavenly and the staff is friendly. The food comes out within the blink of an eye and it tastes like Southern Excellence! It's so delectable. I could not praise this place anymore than I already have. I am very pleased!This was my second time trying the Gus's fried chicken and I thought it was going to taste as good as it tasted on the fried chicken festival, but I was wrong. I bought the chicken today and it was too way too spicy and not crispy enough.Jessica was amazing. Staff was very nice and the food was good . Hubby and I was passing Gus . Therefore , we had to try  it . Chicken was spicy and good .Best fried chicken I've ever eaten in New Orleans. Delicious sides too. Everything was scorching hot and fresh. Nice staff and super cool location. My whole group of friends was so happy with your meal. Really excited this restaurant just opened. I'll definitely be back.Ate here twice on our New Orleans trip. Best fried chicken I've had in a long time. Juicy with a little bit of a kick and the Mac and cheese was yummy as well.This is an excellent place 
Chicken and slaw was dee lish us 
Would strongly recommend this place 
Can't go wrong hereSame chicken as in the Memphis original location. Not fancy but darn fine chicken and the sides were great too!YUMMY, the chicken is so tasty and tender, the mac and cheese is to die for, the fried green tomato was good too ...The chicken was very good. Moist, crispy, flavorful. The mac and cheese was fine, the potato salad was interesting. It kind of tasted like nutmeg to me. I think customer service could definitely be improved. As soon as I sat down I was asked if I knew what I wanted to order when I hadn't even seen the menu yet. I said I needed 5 minutes and they came back after 3 minutes. The whole time I felt rushed. Btw this was about 1.5 hours before closing. My potato salad also had a long black hair in it. Also, they brought me my check when I wasn't even done with half my food and was planning to order dessert.  I ordered homemade pecan pie with a scoop of vanilla which was sooooo good. Probably my favorite thing.  I paid and continued eating my pie. About 2 minutes later they came to get the check and since I was still eating I hadn't yet signed it  overall the food is good but I felt uncomfortably rushed. They weren't packed or anything there were still empty tables but the whole rushing part just killed it for me.Loved this place just happened to pass it and my husband and I decided to give it a try. The chicken was the best I've had in a while, well seasoned and ooooh soo good not to mention the sides. It's a must try!!!It was my first trip to NOLA and I Found Gus's on Yelp.  It had great reviews so I went there with 7 friends.  
The chicken was great!  It had just a little heat and was very crispy.
The slaw and beans were also tasty.
The service was good. 
Gus's definitely earned its high rating.Popeyes? Who is that? Y'all I finally got to try Gus's fried chicken and I can see why it's world famous. I wanted to go when I was in Atlanta, but didn't have the time so thankfully it made its way around to NOLA! 
When you walk in you're greeted by smiling faces and you seat yourself where you like. A server will come to your table to take your order. I went today (Sunday afternoon around 3) and it was raining. We luckily got a spot right in front and it wasn't too packed inside. 
For starters, my friend and I got fried green tomatoes and fried pickle spears. They came out piping hot, enough to burn your tongue if you aren't careful. The pickles were nice and crunchy in a light batter and fried to perfection. Served with ranch, it was perfect. The pickle wasn't soggy and it wasn't drenched in batter. I like it this way over them being cut into circles. It came with 6 pieces I believe. The fried green tomatoes (5 pieces) were awesome! It also came with the same light, crispy batter that the fried pickles had and the tomato wasn't a mushy mess. I could cut it still without it leaking juice on my plate. It had a nice flavor and was creamy. Second time having fried green tomatoes and I am VERY impressed with these. 
I got a 2 piece dark and so did my friend. He got fried okra and Mac & cheese as a side. By default, each plate comes with bread, coleslaw and beans. It's an additional 50 cents per substitution so in this case, $1 which I don't mind. I got the 2 piece dark (leg & thigh) with Mac & cheese and potato salad. The chicken also came piping hot with a light, crispy batter. I bit into the chicken and it was so juicy I almost burnt my tongue! That's a good indication for bomb fried chicken. The batter is spicy, mildly to me because I love spicy food, but it could be spicy for those who don't enjoy spice. I absolutely enjoyed the chicken. It was delicious! Mac & cheese was nice and creamy. Not too thick and not too runny. I wasn't the biggest fan of the potato salad. It was chunky more diced potatoes and tasted a bit too much like mustard for me. Still ate it though! They ran out after I got it, so glad I still got to try. Fried okra was good as well. Nice crispy batter. 
Overall, I had a great experience. Our server was nice and attentive. The overall atmosphere is casual and there was a fancy touch with a chandelier in the middle of the ceiling. There's plenty of seating inside and a bar with seating as well. There's tv's on for you to watch while you enjoy your chicken too. Other things to note are, drinks come in a souvenir cups that you can take home and if you bring back you save .50 on your drink. Food is reasonably priced, two piece dark with 2 sides and a piece of bread was about $7. I was full & satisfied so I will be back when my next fried chicken craving hits!Great food for a great price and amazing service. Ask for MJ she is amazing and knowledgeable. 
1st time here and I will most definitely be back.Best chicken! Hands down. I have triiodothyronine it in several different spots and the consistency is there.