Their po boys are excellent. Good bread to filling ratio, flavorful, great service, happy/friendly cook. Good fresh fries too.MMM MMM GOOD.
Just happened to stroll in here 15 minutes before they close (4 or 5pm) and best decision ever.
I'm not a huge shrimp fan, so I let my friend order Fried shrimp po boy, & I got a roast beef po boy. It ain't a po boy if it's not shrimp & let me tell you I got over my dislike of Shrimp for this evening tale.
OMYFREAKINGGOD. it was good. Small you say, man they were huge. Two po boys and a coke ran us about $20, but definitely too much food, so you're getting your bang for your buck. This place has a bathroom, all the way in the back, but beware of the spilt oil... at least I had to.Good Po boys, but we were taken aback by the price- 33$ for two boys and 3 drinks. 
Happy to say we went, but won't go backBest po boys in NOLA! Great for lunch and they take call ahead orders if your worried about the line. Bring your cash because its the only form of payment they take!This was the best sandwich I've ever had. Everything was hot and fresh, the bread was amazing and the shrimp was hot, juicy and flavorful.  This will be my first stop when I'm back in Nola!Guys is a little joint on magazine street that took me thousands of drives bys to get me in. I finally went today because they were rated number one for the best roast beef in uptown. 
It's as small as it looks on the outside, with seating for maybe 18 people at communal-esque tables. I ordered a grilled shrimp po-boy despite really wanting fried and or the roast beast. My husband got a whole RB so I tried something different for good measure. 
The shrimp was perfectly cooked with a healthy amount of seasoning, although I don't know if I loved it enough to order it again. 
My husbands RB was tender and moist but I wish the meat was salted a little more and had a bit more sauce. Overall I would definitely go back for the roast beef and maybe ignore the calories and get the fried shrimp.... (Or go with someone w8216 chadbourne roadho gets it :-) after all I might not have that hubbie anymore if I always order what I really want...The real deal.
Great bread, seafood fantastic. Sausage was great.
Staff was friendly and patient.
Always on my list when I come to town.Awesome food! 
My husband and I stumbled into this place after hours of bike-riding and hunger upon us. It was wonderful for us because we didn't have to worry about parking a car and that can be a real problem given the location. If you are able to visit the restaurant, I highly recommend it. We live in a small area outside of New Orleans and let me tell you, this place beats nearly ALL restaurants in the French Quarter.I think my review is biased based on my insane wait. I called ahead and was warned that it would be 45-50 minutes, but it was a good ten minutes longer than that. When my friend and I walked in the door, the sign said "closed" and tons of people were waiting at tables with no food. They immediately asked if we were picking up an order, and then answered pretty unconvincingly "ok, it will be ready soon--whatever it is." It was NYE, and I heard the manager muttering that it was like Mardi Gras crowds, but it just seems a little nuts. They told other people who arrived later without ordering ahead that they had run out of bread, but I still can't quite understand how it was over an hour wait for two po-boys. 
That said, mine was the best shrimp po-boy I have had in a very long time. I'm not quite sure it's worth the wait but I was lucky to be able to chill on my brother's couch a block away until it was time to pick them up. If you aren't starving and have some time to kill, it's definitely worth a shot. Had it been a ten minute wait, it definitely would have been a 5 star po-boy for me. Much better than the ones at Domileses!This place is nothing short of AMAZING! Been here vacationing for the past few days and we had previously went to another Po' boys spot (Parkview Bakery). Parkview had nothing compared to the savoring succulent and fulfilling sandwiches from Guy's.
We were greeted right away by the owner Guy, a southern charmer, who takes pride in his food and service. His service was truly impeccable and we told him we were from New York and we were talking about it.
I got the friend shrimp sandwich and my partner got the chicken sandwich. My sandwich was unbelievably good. The sandwich is big-about 14 inches long- with all the desired toppings. I would recommend the small, which is half the size, unless you're really really hungry.UPDATE:
I previously gave Guy's 4 stars because I had only been once. I've now been a couple more times and feel secure saying this is the best roast beef po'boy I've had. If you're visiting town, definitely take some time to walk around Uptown and stop by this place for some delicious-es. You'll be glad you did.
ORIGINAL REVIEW: 
I've only been here once. Got a large roast beef po boy dressed with lettuce, tomato, and mayo and WOW it was delicious. Dripped delicious juices all over my face, hands, and arms--glad I went for the first time with my uncle and not on a date. 
My uncle got the hot sausage po boy which he said was good, but not as good as mine...so he ended up eating half of mine, as I couldn't finish it. It was huge! 
Reasonable prices, considering how much delicious food you get. Really small place though, I imagine if you came during lunch rush with a group you would not find a place to sit.
Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is it was only one visit. If I go again and have a different sandwich that's just as good, it will definitely be upped.Our family of six ate here today and loved it!  The large shrimp po'boy fed both my husband and I. There was a lot of shrimp on that thing!  Two of my kids shared a ham sandwich, which they loved. One daughter got a catfish basket with fries (sized for a kid) and my youngest just shared with everyone. We also got fries. Our total was $36 and we all left there totally full and satisfied!I for one am not a fan of po boys...or so I thought! After a long day of walking....literally 8 miles into our day, we stopped for lunch. It's a hometown eatery in the Garden District. I ordered a small fried shrimp po boy with fries. There was nothing special about the fries, but who am I kidding.....when you dine at Guy's you go for the po boys, not the fries. The po boy, oh the po boy....was delicious. I am now a believer. 
Beware: the small is gigantic. If you order it, it should be plenty for a second meal (at least it was for me). 
Po boy rundown:
Shrimp: fried to perfection + Bread: soft, unlike typical sourdough that ruins the roof of your mouth + lettuce and a dash of hot sauce= the makings of a great meal. Guy's was the perfect reprieve after a day of exploration.  
The unique benefit about Guy's is that poboys are made to order. Yea, it will take a bit longer before you can enjoy your meal, but fresh, hot ingredients are unbeatable and worth the wait. The staff is pleasant (only three guys)...one cooking, one constructing poboys, one on the cash register (CASH ONLY), thus no one was available to cover the dining room which leads me to my downside comments: the establishment is quite small and crowded during peak hours. The trashcan was spilling over as prospective diners piled in the entryway, tables were crummy and seating was a bit tight leaving small pockets to move around comfortably.   
Sure, we can all overlook the logistics for a good meal and I suggest you do the same. Nothing like a authentic delight off the beaten trail. 
Happy eats.We were so happy to find Guy's Po Boys open.  We had an 11-inch Alligator Sausage po boy and two six-inch Pastrami po boys.  The sausage and pastrami were very good, but the bread, oh the bread.  The Leidenheimer Baking Company's french bread had a crispiness outside coupled with a light airiness inside.  The perfect "stage" for Guy's home made alligator sausage and pastrami.  A great combination!Was trying to go to domalise, but the line was too long. So we went to this little place. The proprietor was working the kitchen, and greeted us with a hearty hello. Earnest small talk immediately made us feel that we belonged there. The lady taking the orders was adorable and very pleasant. Place was unpretentious and functional.
We each got "The Bomb". Grilled shrimp and catfish poboy, dressed of course. WOW!! Perfectly cooked, wonderfully seasoned seafood on crusty and chewy French bread. Plus hot, crispy fries and a cold Barqs in the bottle.....
Great little place, will definitely be a repeat customerSmall place very local. It was my fort experience with po boys. I shared with my mom fried shrimp and fried catfish. I was going to do grilled (healthier) but my fiend said that I need to try the whole experience. I can start diet tomorrow ... It was delicious. The owner was also the chef. Very nice guy. I will definitely come back.Awesome po boys.  I was only going to have half my roast beef sandwich when i started snd i left eating the whole sandwich and could of ate more.  The owner Guy came over and chatted us up and was very nice.Visited Guy's Po-Boys on Magazine St. and had the shrimp po-boy. Although it's a tiny mom-and-pop shop, I'll  definitely visit again.Simply put: great service. I got the fried shrimp and catfish plate. Very large portions for a hungry man but bread was a bit dry and hard. It happens. The place was nice and clean too! Had a pleasant experience there. My wife's po boy smoked sausage sandwich was good as well!Yay! After some knucklehead plowed his/her car into my beloved Guy's, I was in serious mourning....but I was delighted to see them back open this first weekend of Jazzfest.
Roast beef as delicious as ever, lovely looking shrimp. 
My only "complaint", is the loss of character from the remodel. It just feels a bit too sterile, but that isn't enough to keep me from reaffirming my love for Guy's!Although it has a few tables inside, it's mostly a take out. I like the shrimp Po Boys, but tell them to go easy on the ketchup if you get it "dressed". Oddly enough, they do not sell oyster po boys here, never did. Cash only!!!This place has the absolute best french fry po boy in New Orleans. I like the shrimp ones too, but the french fry is absolutely off the charts. All the ingredients are spot on - the fries are golden crispy, the bread is soft with the right amount of flakiness, the veggies are fresh, and I recommend adding some grilled onions and cheese. Somehow though, their sandwiches are more than the sum of their components. The flavors all go together perfectly for some gut busting deliciousness. 
This place is busy, so the staff is always hustling, but the guy who takes orders is super friendly. Not that it really matters, I would put up with a mean counter person to get a po-boy as good as this.Shrimp Po' Boy was fresh, well seasoned, and overall delicious. 
I ordered the small shrimp po boy. The portion is certainly enough for one person for a meal. 
The bread was soft and pliable and did an excellent job of giving way to the interior of the sandwich. It tasted fresh. 
The fried shrimp was lobbed on this sandwich in generous heaps. The shrimps had a flavorful and well executed breading. The breading was thick, and densely crunchy. This crunch gave the sandwich it's most defining characteristic. The shrimp did taste a bit "tanky", meaning they tasted a little like they were cheap and soaked in a tank of city tap water. The could probably have been marinated for added glory. 
The shrimp were excellent in execution: both plump, juicy, and firm.  
Lettuce, tomato, and mayo topped the sandwich and were fresh and well chopped. 
An excellent place to try a Po Boy. They are recognized as a top spot by both Yelp and the NOLA Gambit weekly for a reason. Go check them out.We were all over New Orleans this past week trying all the local stops and foods and this place completely surprised me. It was recommended to us by a friend who went to Tulane years ago and we were in the area so we figured we stop. A small, un-boastful little counter store that has the best dang shrimp po' boy I've ever had! My husband has the bomb which he said was equally as good. And everyone working there so exceptionally nice to boot!Took your advise and went here about 2 days ago. I got a large shrimp/catfish po'boy and it was good but I was a little disappointed cause the shrimp weren't cleaned properly.. Nothing more unappetizing than looking down and seeing the little poop sack still attached! Had to take a few stars off. But the staff was great, quick. It was great to hear the locals sittin around shootin the $hit though!The bomb is the bomb. Their prices are somewhat dear (expensive) in my opinion but they are generous with their portions. Normally I'd be mad paying $37 for 2 poboys but they really were absolutely fantastic. All we had were the bomb poboy. I would go back and would pay again but I wouldn't mind a coupon for certain.Yum. I ordered the fries loaded with cheese and debris and gravy. It's not on their menu but they will do it for you if you ask and it is the bomb.Marvin is the man. Best poboys in town. And great prices. Fried shrimp, fried porkchop, ham, meatball all great poboys. Red beans and rice are solid.My favorite poboy spot in Uptown. Shrimp Poboy is piled high with shrimp. The Bomb Poboy is equally amazing.I should start by saying I'm not from New Orleans, however whenever I am here I am always in search of a great Shrimp Po Boy. On this trip I was able to order a few, from places "famous" for their contribution to the New Orleans Po Boy. They shall remain nameless however since their performance would only prompt a less than average review.
On to Guy's Po Boys. While they are not in the French Quarter but out on Magazine St. their shrimp Po Boy was one of the finest I have ever had and worth the trip. Not only was it loaded with shrimp but the breading was excellent, seasoned well, light and NOT loaded with so much salt it overpowers. 
This place is small, not fancy and serves primarily well informed locals. If you are looking for a great Shrimp Po Boy in my opinion this is the place. Kudos to Guy and the guys there!This is my absolute favorite place to get a big, sloppy roast beef po-boy. 
Perhaps it's my favorite because when we moved to New Orleans from Portland in June 2013, we had the luck of moving right around the corner from Guy's. I tend to think it's my favorite because it's cheaper, juicier, sloppier and bigger than most other po-boys, and packed with roast beef. 
Guy's is also home to my 13 year old daughter's fave fried shrimp po-boy. Fries are good, but not outstanding and they have run out on us before. Nice self-serve drink cooler with the requisite bottle of Barq's.
Yes, it is small. Don't go at 12:30pm and be surprised there isn't a table. We generally get ours to go...that way I don't have to worry about looking like a savage covered in delish roast beef juice.
Biggest bummers for me? Closing at 4pm and being closed on Sundays :(Wow, wow!  Honestly can say the BEST shrimp po-boy I have ever had.  And I have had a bunch....Fresh, crusty french bread with TONS of fried shrimp (had dressed with lettuce,, tomato, pickle, tartar sauce).  Went with family of 5, very small place but we found table.  Were there on Monday and special was red beans and rice, with grilled sausage, salad and bread. Two of our group had the special and was delicious!  Will definitely be back!!
NOTE:  The "small" po-boy is pretty big, would suggest sharing a large.I really wanted to like my "the bomb" po-boy, but I couldn't. It was so salty it made me sick! Additionally the salt came from over seasoning because there were only three pickles on the whole large sandwich. Also this place is cash only which is extremely inconvenient, it's 2016...get an iPad!We had incredible food here.  Thursday special and Crawfish and onion sausage po boy.  Both so well done.  Ate at Antoine's the night before and it was incredibly overpriced and mediocre.  THIS was $20 and SO GOOD.A fantastic, authentic New Orleans experience.  The shrimp po boy came recommended by the friendly and knowledgeable person working the counter.  It was everything she said it was and worth the trip.  My colleague had a salad (I know) and that wasn't disappointing either, with plentiful portions  of grilled chicken.  If you are looking for a great food and service experience, look no farther.  I hope to return again on my next trip.Catfish and shrimp po' boy was incredible.  If I'm ever back in New Orleans I would definitely go back to Guy's.This restaurant has fresh seafood that was well seasoned. They definitely give you a lot of food for your money. The owner was very polite and cane over to my friends and I and provided history of the restaurant. He was so kind enough to provide other helpful tips of things to do in New Orleans. This place would have received 5 stars but the sides are not that great.Best poboys in town! Their fried shrimp poboy is amazing and always a crowd pleaser. Other favorites that aren't on other menus are the grilled shrimp and "The Bomb". It's cash only but there is an ATM on site so no worries! This poboy joint is definitely a must if your from out of town or had a longer night then expected!Tasty shrimp po boy with lots of shrimp and chewy bread.  Friendly counter staff.  Small casual place.  Worth a try.  Cash only (atm inside).good stuffMy partner and I had a Seafood platter to go for lunch today. The options for sides were: potato salad, fries or jambalaya. We got the potato salad and jambalaya. The shrimp were good, fish was a little soggy, potato salad pretty good-once we doctored it up, but there was no saving what they called jambalaya! It tasted like canned chili!? The rice was so overcooked as to be mush-totally inedible. And it would be a good idea to put some tartar sauce/cocktail sauce...something to go along with the order. Really disappointing, especially considering it was $18 for the platter and 1 bottle soda. 
I have had some great food from here, unfortunately, today was just OK. I wanted to give them 2 stars instead of 3, but I'm in a good mood.A long day of shopping in uptown led us to Guy's.  A tiny lil place that is well worth a trip, while spending way too much of your bf's money.
No need to order a large.  Trust me, these sandwiches are huge.  I ordered the shrimp po boy, dressed.  It was fantastic.  Bread is perfectly crusty on the outside, soft on the inside, and loaded with fried shrimp.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  Damn... I wish we had this in LA.
Again...
This place is TINY.  But, it's worth grabbing a sandwich and sitting on the sidewalk if need be.It's not Domilise's, but it's still a good po boy at a decent price. The staff was helpful and we received our food in approximately seven or eight minutes. I ordered the hot sausage; it was very good. My brother ordered "The Bomb," which is a half grilled catfish/grilled shrimp po boy covered in cheese. It was fantastic. The prices were a little high, but not too bad considering the location and the quality of the product. They don't accept credit cards, which can be an issue.THE BEST. we come every time we are in New Orleans. My first trip to New Orleans about 6 years ago I was not eating much meat and the owner crafted up some amazing sandwich.. I can't even remember what it was but we've never stopped talking about this place since. So fresh, giant portions. Cash only and worth the walk from wherever you are. I have no clue why there aren't only 5 star reviews... For those saying its pricey, the sandwiches are so giant. GO NOW!!My boyfriend and I trekked a long way to come here. He ate here previously and loved it. I thought it was just "ok." A lot of shrimp on the Po boy.My 500th review!
After passing Guy's time and time again and hearing how great it is, I finally got to stop in and experience the deliciousness for myself.
I went in around 3 in the afternoon on a Saturday. It wasn't packed at all and I was able to quickly order and find a seat. They have an extensive menu, but unfortunately they don't have oyster po boys. Oh well. I decided on a fried shrimp, dressed, instead.
After about 10 minutes, I had my sandwich. I have to say that Guy's was well worth the wait. It was amazing. The bread was fresh and perfect and it was overflowing with shrimp. I ordered a regular size and couldn't even finish it all (of course I did, later). My friend got a roast beef po boy and that looked incredible too! When I go back (and I will be back), I will absolutely have to try it.Great high quality poboys. An efficient establishment that I recommend. Get a poboy and eat it.I would be happy to give them higher stars if you didn't have to wait 45 minutes for a damn sandwich. And, no, it wasn't as transcendent as the other reviewers listed. I think it's because they were so hungry from the wait, their pangs of starvation clouded their judgment.Best shrimp po boy in town! Seasoned and fried perfectly; huge portion for the money. I've had most of the sandwiches and daily specials, all of which are consistently quality offerings. Mr. Marvin, the owner and chef, is a joy to talk to and genuinely loves preparing delicious food for his customers. They don't take credit/ debit cards so bring cash or use their on site ATM. You cannot go wrong choosing Guy's!My absolute favorite poboys in town! I never leave unsatisfied!This place is a "To-go" place every time we come to New Orleans. My family and I live in California, my husband is from New Orleans. So every time we make it out here, this place always comes to mind because of their Po-boys. My kids love the catfish. My husband and I love the shrimp.Just landed in nawlins from Boston after barely escaping from the fourth nor'easter of the month and came straight to this place in search of a good po'boy. I got the bomb (shrimp and catfish with Swiss cheese and melted cheddar) and ordered size small, the guy accidentally charged and got me a large, but it was pretty damn good that I was OK with the error. Will def come back.Born and raised in Louisiana-best shrimp poboy I've ever had!! Newly remodeled, clean and pleasant. Counter lady was really nice and helped me decide between a large and small. Small was huge and I could only finish half. Bread was perfect and shrimp were nice sized and not greasy. Even the fries were light and delicious. 
Will definitely be back!!Best Po Boy I've had during my visit. Loaded with shrimp and huge. Fries are perfect and again-- no way I finished. I need three people to help me eat this lunch. The owners are friendly and fun! This place just feels good. I'd come back
Just to hang.Shrimp Poboy is awesome. Its practically a normal shrimp poboy + a platter of fried shrimp. Pricier than others but so much better.Finally made it here after living in New Orleans for over three years and I must say I was very impressed.  The bread was just how it should be.  It had a nice crust, but wasn't so stiff that it crumbled as I bit into it.
My only real problem is that they only take cash.  They do have an ATM inside.  I'm about to start keeping a "Guy's Twenty" in my truck so that whenever I am in the mood 
They prices were a bit high for a po boy, but that just seems to be the way it is everywhere nowadays.No exaggeration, best po-boys in the city. The Bomb is exquisite, the pork chop po-boy is spectacular, and everything else is just flat out better than you can find elsewhere. Worth a trip from any distance away to try.THIS!
1. The most filling sandwich I have ever had. Did they leave anything alive in the seaside? Because I think it was all in my sandwich. 
2. This is a week and a half later. I can still taste this sandwich.
3. Friendly people. I felt like a local. 
4. Did I mention that I ate one of these sandwiches last night, IN MY DREAMS!We wanted some good Po Boys in New Orleans. Finally found it here! The portion is huge! Should have read more carefully from other reviews as the "small" sandwich is definitely enough for lunch. My husband had the fried shrimp Po Boy. I had "The Bomb" (grilled catfish and grilled shrimp). The kids had the fried chicken Po Boy. Everyone was happy and stuffed. I love the bomb. Generous portion of shrimp and catfish. Bread (by Leidenmeister who apparently supplies many local restaurants) is very good. 
We came on a Tuesday for lunch. Called ahead around 12:30 and not too busy when we got there. We were even able to grab a table for 6! Definitely take others' recommendations to call for take out. It was already packed by the time we left. 
Would love to go back again!Absolutely delicious! It's always busy, and cash only. They are open as long as they have fresh bread, so going late in the afternoon can be a gamble!Came in for lunch after being on tours all day. Was definitely hungry and wanting to stay away from the quarters since we had to go back later at night. Found this establishment on Yelp and decided to give it a try! Parking wasn't too hard to find in the street and there were available tables when we went in at about 2:30pm. Great food!! We ordered the Friday special along with a sausage Po' Boy and were not disappointed. 
Important Note: They only take cash, and have an ATM inside if needed.One of the best Shrimp Po-boys that I have ever had! I've been here every time I visit New Orleans, which on the average is twice a year, and the quality is always there! I highly recommend it and the guy behind the counter, which I have to assume is "Guy" is an absolute kick!This place is great. I'm a Dallas girl and wanted to try my first hamburger po boy. I've been to a couple of po boy places in New Orleans but this will be my new regular spot. The food is good and the portions are generous. 
A couple of tips if this your first time call ahead and order, the lunchtime and dinner Rush is a real thing. I watched a woman get mad and stand at the counter asking when her food would be ready. I guess it was her first time. She didn't understand that they make the food fresh. That takes time. 
Get the regular size po boy, if you're a big eater get the bigger one, but you'll be sad if you get the big one and can't finish it. Trust me get the smaller on, you're stomach will thank you later. 
There are about 15 or so seats insidjje the place so if you can, call ahead, pick your foot up, and eat it at home. Or you can stand by the door and stalk the people already eating and wait for them to get up. You won't want to do that, the food is so good you won't want to wait for a seat. I think the only thing Guys should change is they should put out some patio tables outside, but with the summer coming and temps hitting 104, I'm not sure if anyone would want to eat outside. 
Dressing is extra, but that's standard anywhere. When you get your po boy "dressed" means lettuce picked tomatoes and mayo. Just a tip so that you won't look like a tourist. 
Will upload pictures my next trip because seeing is believing.I spent a week in New Orleans with my girlfriend who used to live there and she told me about so many foods i needed to try. Poboys were one of them ! It took until the last day of our trip to visit Guys and finally have a PoBoy ! I didn't know what to expect, i only knew that they were sandwiches of some sort. When the sandwiches finally came i was looking at one TITAN of a sandwich. Now i usually tend to finish all the food i eat, i pride myself in that. but i swear i got through half the sandwich and i couldn't help but get full. Amazing Poboys here. i got the shrimp Poboy and it was CRAMMED with shrimp. Definitely where you want to go for your first and every PoBoy after that.Maybe I just don't get po boys as a concept? They just don't have enough moisture or flavor for me. I got the fried shrimp po boy and had kinda doused it in Crystal because I felt it was too dry. It did remind me how much I love Crystal though (yum). There were a lot of nicely fried shrimp though and the portions were huge!New Orleans, as most remember it, is not the same. However, a new generation and with an eclectic essence is taking place, keeping NOLA, and all its best features, alive and kicking. Guys Po Boys on Magazine St. is an excellent example of this.  While guys has been around for a good while,  the locals and transplants from around the country are enjoying this classic Po-boy shop. 
The restaurant/sandwich stop is at its finest.*
While Guys does not have everything on the menu, (sorry Oyster lovers, like myself) keeping it simple is the secret to its continued success. 
That being said, it has alligator sausage as well, and the biggest open secret menu item around, gravy/debris fries (with cheese if you like).
If I have a first suggestion for first timers or tourists with a curiosity for the NOLA food indulgent, Guys is "where it's at bayby."
*See Pictures For all of NOLA'S Essential menu items.The "bomb" was the bomb. This sandwich was packed with grilled shrimp and catfish with some kinda melted cheese fully dressed. I had the fried shrimp po boy and the po boy was overflowing with shrimp. You definitely got your money's worth.Little hole in the wall place serving home cooking. Got the roast beef poboy - as it should be - HOT and dressed. I'd be upset if it wasn't hot - that's a staple poboy of New Orleans. It was good. Not amazing but damn good. Oh and HUGE! Lol - no way could I finish a small. Service was very good. The only thing I would would work on are some aesthetics - get a new counter or give it a facelift. Have some good music playin' and for the love of God - clean your hot sauces and ketchups - the tops are disgusting. Most restaurants over look this and in my opinion it's gross.  I also wish they had a surf and turf poboy option as well as fried oyster.  Oh and lastly - get a credit card machine. This day and age you don't take credit cards? Come onMy boyfriend and I had the hot sausage po boy from here. It was our first time. The food was great, the staff was friendly, and prices weren't bad. I would definitely go here again.Came by Friday at 11:30 for an "early" lunch before meeting my daughter for a "late" lunch.  Is there a problem with that?  Split the small fried shrimp po' boy and was not disapponted.  PLENTY of beautifully fried shrimp, dressed to perfection.  Don't miss this joint.Very good french bread here. I'm not sure but I think the large french bread tastes better than the smaller one. 
If you ask for a "dressed" po boy they put hot sauce on it, with lettuce and tomato and mayo. 
I order shrimp po boys. I order it dressed _without_ the hot sauce, and I sprinkle some salt on the lettuce. (If  you sprinkle the salt on the cool shimp it falls off.)Really good po-boys here. They didn't have a huge menu (e.g. no fried oysters). But what they had was delicious. Alligator sausage was very flavorful; fried shrimp was very light and tasty. Solid food. Like most in New Orleans, cheap with large portions.
The people here are really nice as well.
We actually came here because casamentos was closed, wanted something similar, drove past it earlier, and it looked like a good local spot. Glad we stopped in.An All Time Great. The experience is always good, and the grilled shrimp is unbeatable. The roast beef po-boy is also one of the most flavorful for for the variety that has slices as well as debris. These are some of the most carefully made po-boys I've ever found.My STARS
Taste *
Value *
Service *
Location *
X-factor
Hit up this locals spot on a Tuesday around lunch time to knock another off my list of the 20 essential poboys in New Orleans. This time, it was the grilled shrimp poboy (dressed) and a 20 oz COKE ZERO (unfortuantely, no fountain drinks). For $20 (including tax and tip) the wifey and I had enough food to share. The flavors were on-point, but there was nothing that took it to the next level- shrimp were flavorful, french bread was chewy and soft, dressed just the way it should be, just no little extra to put it over the top. Maybe, that's exactly what you should be looking for in a no-frills place like this though. Our order was ready without too much of a wait and delivered right to our table along with a compliment to my partner in crime and an offer for an extra plate (for the sharing). They are a CASH ONLY business, but had an ATM right next to the counter. Street parking only, but we didn't have any problem finding the a spot right nearby.This was bad. Plain and simple. 
I got the roast beef. I assumed it was gonna be cold since the kid behind the counter asked if I wanted it with mayo. But when I got it it was a HOT hero that had a disgusting gravy covering it along with mayo on top of it. It tasted like canned  dog food! With lettuce and tomato smashed down on top of it. Again I repeat DISGUSTING!
My husband got the chicken special. Without lettuce and tomato. Guess what he got on it. Lettuce and tomato. He had to scrape it all off. At least his was was satisfactory.
Not some place I would spend the cash. It was over $25 for two people. NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!I've got some guys, they reside on Magazine
I've got some guys, their place is so clean
I've got some guys, they like to make poboys
I've got some guys, I like those poboys
Well, I know and I need
And I feel we're going higher and higher
Well, I know and I need
And I feel we're going higher and higher
Guy's poboys has won me over. The shrimp poboy is awesome, fairly inexpensive and the service is legit, y'all.  The roast beef is the best in Nola as far as I'm concerned. 
Cash only. Parking isn't easy. Worth every inconvenience. 
Oh yes. Thanks Tripping Daisy for the inspiration :)Guys is the best in New Orleans. I was here a year ago while searching for a house prior to moving. After returning 6 months later he remembered me. I have tried 6 other places but NONE compare to Mr. Marvin. The man is the best at what he does. Yes you may wait, but as they say that" you can't rush perfection". Those who don't like his food must have dead taste buds. Plus for my wife to say that she can eat here every day is a big thing. I just love guys food. The best in town and must say its my go to place.I love the atmosphere, the owner and staff are so friendly. I really recommend the daily specials! The shrimp poboy was yummy.Its my favorite place to get a po boy...the fried shrimp is amazing! the "bomb" which is grilled catfish and shrimp is awesome! The only thing is I like more when the twins boys are attending  there...they are very friendly...the blonde girl doesn't make any effort to smile, but nothing that makes me not going back there.Guy's Po Boys is the best po-boy shop in NOLA.  The shrimp po boy and fried chicken po boys are deeeelicious.  I would try any po boy they have on the menu because I saw what the other ones looked like while dining there.  The price is very reasonable for a huge sandwich and they couldn't be any friendlier.