Absolutely delicious. Perfect service with Nick. The lobster dumplings and the bbq shrimp are two of my favorite appetizers of my life. I ordered the parmesan crusted tripletail. To die for!! Such a great experience!There was no complaint at all about this place. Everything from the food to the wait staff was amazing. For the appetizers we ordered the tuna tartare. The tuna was so fresh and tasty. For the main courses we ordered the redfish and the center cut filet. The fish and came with a pineapple basil glaze, some sweet potato hash and crispy plantains. The center cut filet was cooked perfectly. The filet came with a mushroom risotto that was delicious. I asked to substitute the potatos it originally came with for something else and our waiter recommended the risotto. GREAT CHOICE. The service was great. Everyone was friendly and we are glad we came to dine here.This was by far one of the best meals I've had in a long time!  
I ordered the Scalabut which is a lovely halibut filet topped with sliced scallops.  Came with a crab claw and a tasty lobster risotto.
Service was superb and their mouthwatering biscuits were to die for!  Plus they were selling the biscuit mix as a fundraiser for Hurricane Harvey restoration efforts.  Needless to say I bought get a bag.
If you ever get to NOLA, go to GW Fin's!!!!Came here with my wife for our one year anniversary and it was the best meal of our lives. My wife got the scalibut and I got the sheepshead entree and both dishes were amazing.  The service was super friendly and attentive and we couldn't have asked for me. We got a customized menu and on the house dessert for our anniversary. By far the best meal we had in New Orleans!!!!GW Fins received the "Top 20 best new restaurants in America" award from Esquire Magazine.  E'nuff said.  But since I"m yelping, I'll tell you more:
The Seafood Gumbo is a must try (5 Stars!).  If you are a sweet potato fanatic like me, you must try their  Mashed Sweet Potatoes seasoned  with bananas, bourbon and vanilla (4 Stars!). Unlike anything I've ever tried and equally delicious.  The Horseradish Crusted Drum was another treat for the palate (4 Stars). Yummy!  The White Chocolate & Caramel Bread Pudding came in last--literally & in taste (3 Stars). 
The ambiance is similar to what you'll find at fine dinning restaurants ( white cloth tables,  waiters suited in black & white, dim lighting, snobby hostess) without having to dress up to the nines.  Business casual attire and jeans w/ nice dress shoes are acceptable.We had a fantastic meal at GW Fins recently.  We loved the atmosphere, the food and the service.  We really enjoyed the local soft shell crab appetizer.   The two fish dishes we had as a main course were also superlative.   The service could not have been better.  As a example, my partner spilled his water and I have never see such a quick and helpful response from the nearby servers. I will definitely go there again next time I am in town.For the pricepoint, this is my personal favorite restuarant in the quarter compared to Palace, Bourbon House, Mr. B's, etc. The swordfish steaks are phenominal and the bread pudding is some of the best I've had. 
Highly recommend!I went here a few days ago with my dad, brother, and sister-in-law. This review might be a little long, only because so much of the experience was bad. If you don't want to read the whole thing, here's a summary: Food and service sucked. Will never eat here again. Sticking to Dragos from now on. Ok, here's the details:
First they bring you these biscuits. My dad had been raving about them from the last time he ate there, but we were all disappointed. They were dry and bland.
For dinner, we ordered 3 lobster feasts so that we could try all 6 of the different appetizers. The lobster bisque and risotto were great. The buffalo lobster was ok. The lobster roll was basically cold lobster mixed with mayo and the bread had an unpleasant texture that's difficult to describe. The lobster salad dressing tasted like straight mayo was so gross that I couldn't eat it. The lobster dumplings that everyone raves about were the worst. They tasted like a mushy wet mouthful of uncooked flour. Uncooked flour!
Then the lobsters came. Rubbery, tough, and stuck to the shell. I've had better lobster at Jagers. 
My sister-in-law ordered some blackened fish, and said it was great. It came with a chipotle butter, otherwise known as unsalted butter mixed with chili powder. Gross. 
For dessert we had chocolate mousse and creme brulee. They were both amazing. In fact, I would recommend trying this place just for the desserts, but they managed to ruin that too by waiting until we'd eaten half the dessert before finally bringing out our cappuccinos.  
We had 4 cappuccinos. 2 cups came full of coffee with foam on top. My brothers came full with no foam, and mine came half full. That's right. They gave everyone at the table a full cup of coffee except for me.
That covers the food. Now for the service: Terrible. We waited a good 20 minutes before anyone took our order. We never got the butter we asked for. When we told the waiter that we were ready to order desserts, he said that he would be back after bringing our empty plates to the back. He didn't come back for another 20 minutes. Most of the time, nobody was around when we needed stuff, and when they were around, they simply ignored us.
I can't say for sure that we were treated poorly because we were a family and not a group of businessmen, but it sure felt that way. So that's it. One star, because I can't give ZERO.This was a fantastic experience food wise. Went with friends each of us order different plates and shared. Didn't taste anything that I didn't like. I suggest you get a reservation before you decide to go to New Orleans.We dined here this past week and highly enjoyed the food and environment. The restaurant has a cozy but classy feel, like you are enjoying a fine dining experience. The biscuits they bring out to start were very good. We had the lobster potstickers, (which I liked but found them to be somewhat plain), scalibut, chicken, risotto and the White chocolate bread pudding. Our meals were excellent and the dessert was amazing! It had chocolate chips and nuts and was very moist. I would love to be able to replicate that dish. Unfortunately, I was so full I only had a few bites. The risotto was decadent, very rich but delicious.
Service was also very good. Only negative was I was not crazy about our server. We did not order any alcohol initially, which seemed to put him off and his interaction with us was a little cold. Just something I felt but will not keep us from returning. I highly recommend it.The food is melt in your mouth and the waitstaff is very attentive and engaged with clients. Reservations were made and was very organized in the seating process. I will def be back ... yum yum yum!Came here after reviewing other Yelp suggestions, couldn't have made a better choice. Beautiful romantic atmosphere, attentive and knowledgeable staff explaining every part of menu. Started off with roasted oysters as a appetizer then had Scalibut which was a excellent choice g/f had the Blackened Red Fish with roasted Brussel sprouts as a side dish, highly recommended for anyone visiting NOLAHad a phenomenal experience here. Our waitress (from Boston) was absolutely wonderful -- attentive, kind, down-to-earth, helpful. Recommended: blackened swordfish, grilled shrimp, scallops, and the (home-made) apple pie. We paired it with a lovely light pinot noir from Sonoma. The bread was incredible and the price was adequate for fine dining standards in New Orleans (about $150 for two, pre-tip). The venue itself is spacious but has an intimate feel, and we were fortunate enough to be seated at one of the booths that overlooks the hall. Dress code is anything from business casual to dressy.
My one and only complaint: The hostess who greeted us was snooty and condescending. Awful first impression, which was only (thankfully) remedied by the lovely waitress. Completely unnecessary attitude. Also, the tartare with sashimi was sub-par -- I definitely do not recommend it, though the presentation was lovely. 
Overall, however, it was a fantastic experience -- and a dining must in New Orleans!This place was pretty good. The fish was fresh and the service was decent. The mashed sweet potatoes with bananas, and brown sugar were amazing. 
I was with a party of four and everyone enjoyed their dinner!After hearing rave reviews of GW Fins, I thought it would be a good place to take family members visiting from out of town. This did not turn out to be the case. Our waiter brought the wrong appetizers and wrong entrees to our table. The food was mediocre at best, especially for the price. Good wine list, though. Next time I'll head to Clancy's or Commander's when I want a great meal.I liked this place!  The service was very good - friendly and helpful, but not stuffy.  The food was very good, but not the best that I've had.
I really enjoyed the chargrilled oysters and the blackened swordfish.  The spaghetti squash was sweet but undercooked.
It was my birthday, and they decorated the table, gave me a personalized menu with the date on it and gave me a dessert on the house.
I was happy with this place overall and would return when I'm in the area.Went down to GW Fins with a large group of 10 or so.  The service was top notch for a group that size. It was pretty incredible. The wine kept flowing, and it felt like we didn't miss a beat. The food was great as well.  I particularly enjoyed the soft shell crab appetizer. The biscuits they bring out are also amazing.  For the entrée, I ordered the sautéed grouper with etouffee. It was one of the best pieces of fish I've ever eaten. I tasted someone's scalibut, the GW Fins original, and you can't go wrong with that either. Two thumbs up. Thank you for a great dinner.Excellent food. 
Had the daily fish along with the beet salad. 
Loved walking to GW right from the Hotel ! 
Ended the night with dessert and cappuccino !  
Sat at the bar because waiting for table was 40mins. The bartender was charming and took great care if us.We went to GW Fins while on a Bachelorette party in New Orleans, we made a reservation a couple weeks in advance because we had 8 people. They asked what the occasion was and asked the Brides name, we were a little late arriving because of uber issues however, they were very friendly and not upset at all at the fact we were about 10 mins late (I did call ahead to let them know we would be delayed). We sat down and our waiter Juan, asked which one I was and shook my hand (because I made the reservation) and the brides hand he knew our first names with out even asking. We thought that was an awesome touch and made it very special for us. Then gave the bride a personalized menu saying "congratulations Amanda" for her to take as a keepsake. They also decorated the table for us. The service was absolutely amazing, down to filling water glasses. The food was even more amazing from the lobster dumplings, and BBQ Shrimp and Grits appetizer to the chocolate dessert. The entrees were all amazing not one complaint ! Highly recommended ! And see Juan if he is available he recommended places for us to grab drinks after and made our experience there very special!I coordinated a group of 14 people for a team dinner. This restaurant is amazing. It is in the French Quarters and they were phenomenal; from service to food to atmosphere. Can't say enough great things about them. They not only allowed us to bring in a cake from a local bakery but they presented it, cut it, and served it too! In addition we celebrated (last minute) the retirement of one of our regionals, and they made some special arrangements for him too! So fantastic...highly recommend!!Just a few steps away from the chaos of Bourbon Street......this is was a very nice dinner all around for our final night in New Orleans. Yes, it is a little pricy but worth it.  Entrees included the scallops and drum wtih crab meat, both excellent. Bread pudding for dessert.....divine.....our top pick for our stay in NO.  Service was spot on and all the staff was gracious and attentive.I read lots of reviews before choosing this restaurant to celebrate a birthday. While the service was great, the food was below my expectation. Maybe my expectations were high because I was reading that it would be the best seafood in the world, but we ate better other restaurants (Acme Oyster House-chargrilled oysters and Commander's Palace).
I recommend the Scalibut and the Salty Malty. They are the best things on the menu!Absolutely fantastic dining experience. Aaron took care of us and did a wonderful job waiting our table. He was attentive, knowledgable, and polite. Explained the menu very well to us first-timers and offered a few wine pairings to compliment the entrees we were considering. Speaking of which, the seared yellowfin was delicious. Fish was great (obviously) but what really did it for me was the soy glaze they used. I also really enjoyed their freshly baked biscuits and heartily recommend ordering the Salty Malty Ice Cream Pie for dessert. One of the best desserts I have ever had. Not even kidding.Second time to have dinner there and the food was just as expected- perfection. My husband told them, when making the reservation on the phone, that we would celebrate our anniversary and they had printed a special menu with anniversary wishes for us, together with a rose on the table. I thought it was adorable!The service was outstanding and the food very good. Some of the dishes I'd had slightly better at other places, but all very good. The best thing about this place is the staff and the service. The people here treat you rightReally wonderful restaurant.  Superb service by Phillip, and fantastic food and presentation.  Considering where you are and what you're getting (good portions of fresh, well-prepared seafood w/a great selection), the prices are very reasonable.  I wish we had found this sooner in our trip.  Definitely make a reservation, though!Loved this restaurant! Marlon  was our server and he was very attentive and knowledgeable abt the menu!  Food was all delicious! Fresh seafood and tender steaks! We would definitely eat here again.  In the middlle  of the quarter but away from the craziness!  Drinks and wine list were top notch!Traveled to New Orleans a few months back with my family in search of good food and experiences and we found that right here at GW Fins! The restaurant was hands down one of our favorites in the area and we returned twice during our five day stay (which says a lot because we enjoy trying out as much different food as possible). My personal recommendations are the lobster dumplings and the tempura wings. So good and so unique!This place was fantastic!!  Over the top.  The service, the drinks, the dinner were all fabulous.  The restaurant had the Nola charm with the excellent service only found in Las Vegas, Chicago
Or New York!!   Highly recommend for any first time visitor from the north.  The house special fish, can't remember name, was as sweet as main lobster!!!  Get a reservation well in advance as they fill up quickly.There were five of us.  Service was amazing.  Appetizers and entrees were excellent.  GW Fins will be remembered as one of our best meals ever.For such a touted restaurant, I was expecting some great food. I visited with my girlfriend for Coolinary NOLA and was incredibly disappointed. I should start by saying the seafood was fresh and the waiter great, but the food overall was uninspiring and dull. It all came across very plain and out of the 4 seafood plates we had, none of them excited us. For the price, I expected to come away having enjoyed my meal, and instead it tasted like something I could make at home on my george forman if I had seafood that fresh. I was going to give it 3 stars but I still can't get over the disappointment we both felt after our meal and for that reason dropped it another star. Plus my girlfriend was so unhappy with it she stopped by Crystal Burger afterwards. Lots of potential, but the food was just too bland - this is New Orleans, I expect some flavor with my meal.On one of our nights in NOLA, we went looking for my co-worker and found her here.  The place has a nice upscale, romantic ambiance and she was so excited about the food here that we thought it would be a great place for a nice dinner.  We checked for reservations on a Sunday night and found that there was only a 9:30 (!) slot available, but we took it.
We were seated not long after we arrived and our server, Troy, was great throughout the evening.  He was very friendly and attentive and he gave us good recommendations and insights on the menu.  Soon after we ordered, we were brought some of the best little biscuits and butter!  Make sure you ask for more, 1 definitely isn't enough!  We ordered the lobster dumplings and the smoked sizzling oysters for our appetizers.  The dumplings were delicious, little flavorful pockets of goodness tucked into a soft noodle wrapper.  They oysters were a big hit with my wife as well, she said that they were amazing, which is saying something, as she loves her oysters!
For my main entrée, I had the scalibut, which is a halibut steak with scallops on top.  The flavors of the fish balanced each other out nicely and it came with a nice lobster and tomato risotto, which was great.  My wife had the wood grilled black grouper, which had a pineapple glaze that gave it an Asian taste.  That was a great dish as well.  The fish was cooked well for both dishes, we definitely loved every bite of all of our dishes!  Sadly, we were too full for dessert.
This is a great place if you're looking for a nice dinner in New Orleans.  It's not cheap, but you definitely get what you pay for.  Great food, nice ambiance, and great service!Try the Tempura Fin Wings, outstanding. Wonderful staff great drinks. Beautiful environment.  Enjoy!!GW Fin was wonderful!! The staff was very professional, we were seated at close to our reservation time and attentive but not intrusive throughout the evening. The Menu and preparation is one of the best in the world as far as we are concerned (we travelled most of the world) - worthy of a Michelin Star! The crowd on a Monday night was lively and tables were full but the staff & kitchen put everything out in a well paced, unrushed way, our hats off to them! For appetizer we ordered the Pompano Crudo and if you never had Pompano then you will be very pleased with this preparation and taste, Entrees were the Scalibut (Seared, Halibut with tiny scallops surrounding in a creamy, RICH sauce) and the Sheepshead was very tasty, moist and non-fishy. Portions were ample and very pleasing to the eye. All was accompanied by an average Sauvignon Blanc at an above average price (Hint: Pick better Whites). We recommend reservations as this place is HOT and for a good reason. Thanks for a GREAT, tasty experience GW Finn!This is the real deal!
It is rare that a place that gets lots of hype meets those expectations.  But, it happened here, and I am a fan!  Great menu...  with interesting variations.  Service was terrific as well.  Re price... didn;t think it was unreasonable at all compared to other high-end establishments in major cities.Delicious meal,  my husband ordered the Red Fish and he said it was one of the best fish dishes he has had.  I had the Scalibut scallops on top of Halibut, it was also very good.  The biscuits are to die for but don't fill up on them as they continually put a new hot biscuit on your plate when they see it empty.  Great service!  They change the menu daily depending on what is fresh.  A very enjoyable meal.  A bit noisy but the food is well worth the noise.So Delicious!
Beautiful ambiance, great service and amazing food.
We started with the lobster dumplings- so flavorful, and the carb potstickers- Yum! For dinner we shared the scallop/lobster dish (forgot what it was called)- the fish was so tender and well seasoned. For Dessert, we had the caramel and white chocolate bread pudding- so amazing!!! This was one of the best restaurants we ate at while in New Orleans.
Can't wait to go back some day!Nice spot..food good...Managers totally pay attention to the floor and pick up the slack...Nice touch.Awesome food, we ordered the blackened fish and it was so delicious. Also ordered the lobster dumplings and the sauce was to die for. Very reasonably priced as well for the ambiance and high quality food. Would return for sureSo the things you've read are true. There is a dress code, no problem, we knew that when we made reservations. They made a special menu for me since it was my birthday and gave us a nice table. We had two waiters, both were awesome and very helpful with explaining the menu. Everyone was great with our young daughter and they had kid friendly options. The sommelier had nice recommendations and no attitude. We had some dietary restrictions and they were very accommodating. We had the crispy pork belly and it was delicious. We had to order 2 as my daughter highjacked the first one. We also shared the lobster bisque and that was very rich and tasty. My H had the redfish and really enjoyed it. I had the scalibut and first, the portion size left a lot to be desired for the money. Also, the scallops were a bit rubbery and it felt like the corner piece of lasagna that someone had reheated. I just felt disappointed for the hype and wished I had made another selection. Especially when everything else I had eaten had been prepared so well. We had a nice dessert and coffee and once the coffee and check were dropped, we never saw the waiters again for any refills or check ins, which I get, they are ready to help the next customers. So overall great restaurant but I think I'd try another dish the next time we go back.Service was impeccable! I had the lump crab and lobster dumplings, yummy!Excellent all the way around.  I had the American red Snapper dish and it was fabulous.  The soft shell crap appetizer is a great choice, and the BBQ shrimp is good too.  The resteraunt has an impressive wine selection as well.  You can't go wrong here.Great food and service!
Pros
Food
Champagne and wine list
Service
Ambiance
Seperate bar area
Cons
Make reservations it gets busyGreat attentive service. The food was excellent and the ambience was terrific. We had a wonderful time.One of the best meals and experiences I have ever had, not just in New Orleans but anywhere. You can tell that Gary and his team care. The food was outstanding. Your only problem will be what to choose from because you want to try everything on the menu.  I could keep going on but the bottom line put this restaurant on your list if you are going to New Orleans. For other reviewers who didnt give GW FIns 4-5 stars, I suggest that they go back and review it again. I feel that I am alittle bit of a foodie and dont give 4-5 stars lightly and I truly believe GW Fins deserves it.Love Love Love this restaurant.  Every time I come to NOLA I eat here.  It is pricy but a really quality good meal.  I recommend the sizzling oyster appetizer and the Scalibut really original food that is just so so good!   I come to NOLA a lot and this is my favorite!!I'm feeling generous so I will give this place 5 stars. I loved everything here except one thing, which I'll get too. The pork belly appetizer was a 10 on a scale of 1 to 5! I would move to New Orleans to have that in my life. The lobster dumpling was a good appetizer, but definitely got shown up by the pork. I got the red snapper special of the day--also a pure delight. My cocktail was exactly what I was looking for and it was a good recommendation from Nick. Darrin was also a great server and kept the biscuits coming! Also, I liked the menu overall and that it ever-changing and really takes advantage of the local ingredients and seafood.
I was full after my entree, but we were on such a good roll, I had to order dessert... and that is where they lost me. I got the chocolate mousse bomb as I was told it was an unique must-have. Unfortunately, it was a bit too dense and heavy for mousse, so the texture was off and that is what makes the best mousse to me. I should have stopped while I was ahead. Everything else was just so good that the dessert won't detract from my rating. If I go again, I will prioritize the appetizers over the dessert. Otherwise, definitely worth every penny.Beautiful place, friendly, comfy. Service was wonderful. The minute your terrific bisuit disappers, POOF! Here comes another one! We had lobster dumplings and blue crab potstickers. The pea shoot butter with the crab was wonderful! I had a parm crusted flounder, YUM and dining partner had the swordfish on garlic red potato smash. Extensive interesting cocktail menu and winelists.  Definitely recommend.I could not try their famous biscuit since they informed me that they used lard in their preparation.
Nevertheless, my friend said they were great.
We got the Red Snapper Ceviche for appetizer. It was perfect.
We got the Local Drum and the Scalibut. Both were great.
The highlight was definitely the Salty Malty Ice Cream Pie. I have never before liked Pretzels in my life, until I had this dessert. Perfect blend of salty and sweet.Went here on our trip to New Orleans to celebrate my birthday! Some dishes are delicious. I like the dessert most. It is quite popular, so if you want to go here, remember to make a reservation earlier!An upscale seafood restaurant in the heart of the French Quarter, I'd make the argument that there is nothing sub par on their menu. For appetizers, I suggest: Lobster Dumplings, the Crispy Pork Belly with grilled watermelon and vietnamese glaze (I know, mouth watering right?), and any of the crudos, but perhaps leaning towards the Sea Scallop Crudo with truffle cream and caviar.  The appetizers are amazing, but really.. SAVE ROOM for your entree!  Someone in your party has to get the Scalibut.  It is literally scallops baked into the top of a halibut with the most heavenly lobster risotto.   The pineapple glazed Wood Grilled Grouper is lighter, but has an exotic and delightful flavor.  It's served with sweet potato hash and crispy plantains.  The decor didn't impress me, as it was simple and modern ...but the centralized location is unbeatable.
Visit my website for a full eating itinerary for New Orleans! 
http://chelseagilson.blogspot.com/2014/05/a-long-weekend-in-new-orleans.htmlThis place was beautiful. By far the nicest spot we went to on our vacation in the area. From the moment we walked in we felt at home. Patty greeted us at the door and walked us to the table she was a sweetheart. Our server Marlon was a true gentleman. The biscuits at this place are unbelievable!!!! Wow but be careful not to fill up on them I'm sure it can happen easily! I would highly suggest this to restaurant!What can I say. I took my wife to GW Fins to celebrate our anniversary and what an experience we had. My wife had some oysters to start with while I had wedge salad which came with three different toppings and they separated it onto three different plates so we could share. My wife went on to enjoy some tuna tacos while I had the chicken. We shared the mushroom risotto. My wife had the pear and coconut sorbet and I had the pretzel desert. The waitress was a delight and help make it a special night.We found this place by accident while searching for a greek restaurant in the area, but it was AMAZING. My daughter is allergic to rice, and the waitress was very accomadating for this! If you go, definitely try the snapper, it's cooked to perfection.
The wait-staff is top notch, and the team-work is great. I will defintely be back!Wow... amazing food.  Take a look at the pictures online that I posted.
Recommended the fins wings which is a fish that u eat like a chicken wings.  They unique for sure. 
Halibut was very taste and so is the pork chops.  The chops have strawberries on them with sweet potatoes puree.  
Halibut again was really good.
The best dish hands down was the bluefin tuna.  The guy with me does not like tuna.... now he will eat this.  Chalk that up for a great dish.
Presentation on the dishes where spot on. 
Service was great too.If someone were to ask me, "What's your favorite dish?" I would say, "crispy pork belly AND sizzling oysters from GW Finns in New Orleans French Quarter." This will hands down be my "MUST DO" when you visit New Orleans. The atmosphere is upscale. The bar is open and welcoming. The staff is super pleasant from the front door, and bar to table. Our server, Fallon, was so helpful with all gluten-free options! I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant, it's management, and it's amazing food!Simply amazing.  This has to be my top 10 meals of my life... That's including meals in Paris, Rome, Barcelona, HongKong and Tokyo!!!Bottom Line Up Front: GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!!! Beautifully prepared imaginative seafood that will not disappoing.
It was my boyfriend's birthday and it was our favorite meal in NOLA by far! So good in fact that I tried to go there for lunch the next day (our last day) but sadly realized they were only open for dinner service.
Biscuits - Crisp/firm on the outside, warm on the inside, so good!
Lobster dumplings - so delicate and tasty in that pool of lobster butter!
Scalibut - Beautiful presentation and the thickest piece of halibut i've ever had. Huge pieces of lobster in the risotto. Surf on surf on surf!
Blackened Swordfish - GET THIS! The star of the meal, a huge portion of swordfish was perfectly cooked at medium rare. The blackening spices were flavorful and it honestly melted like butter in my mouth. Unfortunately for me this was my boyfriend's meal so I had food envy the entire evening. Luckily he shared!
Salted Pretzel ice cream pie - salty sweet, a huge portion which was way too much after our huge meal!
Bread pudding - boyfriend enjoyed it a lot!My girl and I had dinner here in a recent trip to NOLA. Fantastic. Everything was well done. Biscuits, apps, dinner, service, decor. Would recommend and I'd go back on my next visit.Great service , food was way above what's was served in the area
Clean quiet and efficient 
Will be back next time in NO 
Keep up good workBest dining experience in New Orleans and one of my best ever to be honest. The service was about as 5 star as you can get as we had a team of staff waiting on us. I asked our main server for suggestions on the menu and each was exquisite. I can't eat the mostly fried food in New Orleans so was looking for a place where I could try the local fish in a healthier way and OMG I'm still dreaming about this meal!  Can't recommend the sheepshead fish enough - don't let the name dissuade you and of course the broiled oysters were divine. Will definitely be going back next time I return to this amazing city!Great meal worth every penny. My family agreed the smoked oysters were even better than that of Felix's which is down the street, shrimp appetizer was also great. All 4 different types of fish were delish as was the apple pie for dessert. Good service, our waiter was very nice. BEWARE there is a dress code collar required for men in case you wander in after touring around. Highly recommended for a splurge!its difficult to find GREAT FRESH NON-FRIED fish in New Orleans, which shocked me at first considering fish is a main component of every menu in the city. If you are looking for a restaurant that doesn't defile its fish dishes with sodium and a deep fryer then this is the place for you! This restaurant is one of the gems New Orleans has to offer. LOVE this restaurant!So good. Fresh fish at it's finest. I've only eaten here once, but I enjoyed it. If you want a splurge while in the big easy, this should be on your list of possibilities. The fresh biscuits were pretty dang good too.This is not to be missed! We had a lovely dinner and everything we ordered was excellent. They come around with the most delicious biscuits before the meal! I had a wedge salad and the signature dish Scalibut which is halibut with scallops on top and it was one of the best things I have ever eaten . I will be back whenever I get the chance to visit your lovely city.Sheepshead and scalibut, order both and share, you won't be disappointed. The roasted cauliflower was amazing, especially paired with prisoner wine. The salty malt pie for dessert...oh my goodness.Impeccable service, delicious seafood, and outstanding desserts. The biscuits and the oysters are not to be missed. 
I would definitely come back next time I'm in NOLA.All was delicious but the highlight surprisingly was the pork belly watermelon appetizer!   Super fancy place.  Excellent service.  Though my expectations were high and it didn't quite meet it.  Was expecting this to be the best of Nola and instead it seemed it was just one of the many.  Thus the 4 stars versus 5.This is an elegant and lively place.  The service is friendly and efficient. We started with the soft shelled crab appetizer which was perfect.  We also ordered the pork belly with pressed watermelon which was unique and a great flavor combination.  I had something called the Scalibut, a signature dish. It was good but I saw several great dishes pass by, and next time I'll go with simple. The filet was cooked just right but nothing special.  A real plus was the spaghetti squash.  Dirty rice was just a small step up from Zatarain's.  Overall it's pretty goodThe food was decent, but beware of the overly "posh" culture they attempt to surround themselves with. As soon as I entered I was welcomed nicely by the hostess but the experience only got worse after that. We got our appetizers and a waiter approached me and said "we have a collared shirt policy in the restaurant, we can either offer you a polo shirt to wear or you need to wear your jacket". The fact that someone came up to me after I have already been seated is ridiculous, not to mention that it's very pretentious for the restaurant to force people to dress a certain way to make the dining room "more formal". They seriously need to embrace a more modern culture or understand that coming up to guests and requesting they dress themselves different even after they've already sat in your dining room is rude and very disrespectful. The food was decent but definitely wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.This was the best meal we had in New Orleans. The smoked oysters were unique and delicious (though chargrilled oysters at Drago or stuffed at Luke's have them beat). The lobster ravioli was good but I wouldn't order it again. However for the entree we got the Parmesan encrusted Sheepshead (don't worry, it is a type of fish), and it was truly the best entree I got all week in New Orleans. And the salted caramel ice cream pie (can't remember the exact name) was our favorite dessert. It was amazing. I would eat here every week if I could.One of the best meals I've had on my trip to NOLA. Reservation was for our last night there, and anticipation was high.
Interior reminded me of old NYC fancy restaurants, the diverse staff attentive, professional and on-point. The atmosphere classy, yet accepting. Everyone looked happy to see you, and thankful for your presence.
Food... amazing.
I had the August special, appetizer, entree and desert for $39. I had a lobster bisque which made me wanna pick up the bowl and lick the remains. The lobster was cooked like its mama made the suggestion. Then I had the soft-shell crab, and I've never had this made correctly. This was amazingly good, over a slice of cornbread and a lovely un-overpowering sauce. I hated to see it leave my plate. It was hard to eat more after that, but of course I did. Desert was a mini pecan pie with a mini scoop of ice cream. I loved the pie filling, rich and lovely, but the crust was too tough to tackle, yet I excused it.
The staff were really great, attentive, organized, talkative and genuinely friendly, but then I think all the folk of NOLA are. I could see a great birthday, proposal, business meeting or anniversary here. I'm glad it represented the finale of my great vacation.This is an outstanding eatery. The dining room is attractive and thoughtfully laid out so background noise is no problem. Our mixed drinks were perfectly  prepared and generous. Like many we tried the lobster dumplings which were delicious. The ceviche was fantastic. We tried the scalibut and the grilled cobia. Both were cooked to perfection. The biscuits were endless and amazing. Our service was impeccable, friendly and efficient. One of the finest meals we have had in New Orleans!!If you want the best fish of your life you have to go here! The sauce they pare with the fish make the fish taste a amazing. The side are always fresh and delicious. Fine dinning at it's best for a great value! Love this place.Made business dinner reservation for 5, but arrived with 6.  They were great about quickly resetting our table.  Wedge salad and grouper/sweet potato mash were best I have ever had.  Great food and excellent service - I'll definitely be back!My Husband and I ate here on 6/21/2015, which happened to be Father's day and our anniversary and it was on a Sunday, when many upscale New Orleans restaurants were closed. This is not a jeans and t-shirt type of place. Dressy attire is expected and reservations are highly recommended. The wait staff is extremely attentive. I was wearing a white dress and while my husband was given a black napkin, the wait staff gave me a white napkin to match my dress. This little detail still sticks out in my mind a year later and the saying "it's the little things that count" rings true. Complimentary biscuits are handed out at any time. They are fresh, moist, and buttery; the perfect combination. Make sure to have one or two and resist the rest because you will become full and will miss out on all the GW Fins has to offer. For starters, we ordered Lobster Dumplings and these bad boys were delicious. The best dumplings I have ever had. I got the snowy grouper and the entire plate from start to finish was succulent. The fish was wood grilled and the pineapple basil glaze was the right touch, mixed with a bite from the corn, and the crunch from the plantain, this is a winner. My motto is to always save room for desert and this place is no exception. We ordered the apple pie with the cheddar cheese crust because where else in NOLA can you order it? In fact, this dish doesn't exist in Pensacola, FL either. The desert was huge and did not disappoint. I honestly cannot say enough great things about this place. Got an occasion worth celebrating? Bring your significant other here. You won't be disappointed.
Price 5*
Service 6*
Atmosphere 4*
Food 5*To start off with the staff was excellent. They came to our table like we were the only ones there...we weren't but it felt like it. Excellent cocktails and that grouper with crab was so flavorful so was the blackened swordfish. That salted caramel mud pie was criminally good! Will definitely be back soon!Came here on a recommendation from our hotel concierge & it did NOT disappoint!  Lobster dumplings & "scalibut" were awesome!  Everything we ordered was so good.  Ask for Troy-- fun, knowledgeable waiter!  Can't wait to go back next time we're in town!Not exactly as good as reviewed .  The Lobster dumplings were very bland.  I had there specialty the Scalibut and thought it was over done, the fish was dry however it was served over Lobster risotto which was excellent.  My wife had the Grouper which had to be returned because it was served it undercooked when it was returned it was just OK, but they did the right thing and did not charge us for it.  For dessert the bread pudding was fantastic.We had such a great dining experience at GW Fins and would highly recommend it. 
The biscuits they start you off with are probably one of the best I've had. 
The appetizers we had were really good. We had the lobster dumplings, 
wood grilled gulf shrimp and the 
jumbo lumped crab cake. 
For salad we tried the spinach and goat cheese salad. My boyfriend is not much of a salad eater but he really liked this one. 
For our main course, we had their #1 Yellowfin Tuna which was seared rare. It was amazing! It came with vegetables, sticky rice and sweet soy butter. We also got to try our friends' entrees, the flounder, the swordfish, and the snapper, which were all equally delicious. 
For dessert, we all had the Salty malty ice cream pie. It was a little too sweet for me but I'm sure all you sweet tooths would love it! 
Excellent food and excellent service!