i went with my nagging family even though i dont eat animal meats. the service was good what i dont appreciate is the paraben containing wipe that they hand you afterwards.I finally got in here, they have been packed since they opened!!!  Ginny, our server, was amazing and so nice. And then there was the food...  We had almost everything, including the Samurai Flight and it was all to die for!  We also ordered the Harami Beef and I couldn't get enough of it!  The decor was super cool as well.  I highly recommend this place, if you can get inthe food and service here was on point!! 9/10! The quality was supurb too! I wish though that they had more marinate on the high quality meat but that's a minor gripe. I would definitely come back with my girlfriend when I'm craving Japanese Korean bbq again!Such a cute, upscale environment with great choice in music! The service was amazing and so was the food! It was such a fun experience ,similar to the melting pot, but better! The meats to grill were well seasoned and flavorful. I'm definitely returning.This place is amazing! They are in their soft opening until Saturday (grand opening) so don't expect to be seated without reservations. We just returned from Japan a few months ago and have been craving good Japanese food ever since - this place hits the spot and made us feel like we were back in Japan! We ordered a la carte because there were very specific things we wanted to try. We ordered the addicting spicy cucumbers, garlic noodles (OMG!), and multiple cuts of beef and pork with our favorite being the prime kalbi. The Lady M matcha crepe cake was also delicious! And Asahi on draft? In heaven. The staff are still training but did a great job and were very attentive, with similar expedient and polite service we experienced in Japan. I already can't wait to come back!Great food, great service. The poke nachos, miso chili wings and the Japanese fried chicken were great appetizers. All the meats served were very well marinated and there was barely any smell of smoke on my clothes when I left the restaurant. Neat little grills they have. 10/10 would go again.Everything was phenomenal! We had great service, food was amazing, atmosphere was fun. We will definitely be back again !Soooo good! The service is great! Dianna was our server. The food is very flavorful and not overly salty. The Japanese fried chicken app was tender and juicy. The garlic noodles with ground chicken were so good we ordered a second bowl! Favorite meat was the Harami skirt steak. The shrimp and mushrooms were also delish. Already made our second reservation to come back!Great service.  Great food.  All the meats we ordered turned out delicious.  My favorites were the harami in secret pot & harami skirt steak.  Other dishes I would def order again are the garlic fried noodles & beef tongue w/scallion sauce.  The Lady M green tea crepe for dessert is a must if you're here.
I hope to dine here again very soon.I have had Gyu-Kaku in a couple of other cities so I'm excited to have one open here in New Orleans. Staff were very friendly the second you walk in. Our waitress was very attentive and informative on the menu and the cook time for the items we ordered. My favorite was the Harami in the pot. The meat was well-marinated and tender. Other recommendations are the kalbi, beef tongue with a side of green onion and lemon, and garlic noodles (so good, I forgot to take a pic).Finally, New Orleans's very own Japanese BBQ located downtown! Once you walk in, the waiters will greet you with a Japanese welcome which makes you feel a part of the family! 
For those who are indecisive, like me, you'll have a tough time choosing from the menu, because there is a such a wide selection of cuisines to choose from! Gyu Kaku has ramen, udon noodles, barbeque....literally so many things to choose from! 
My favorites from my first night eating here would be the toro beef and the garlic noodles! The garlic noodles packed a big punch of flavor and omg.. I just have to go back to get some. The toro beef cooks pretty fast, and is very very tender and fatty! Love it. 
This was just my first experience, and definitely won't be my last. See you real soon Gyu-Kaku!Had the pleasure to dine here and everything was absolutely amazing. The staff was very friendly, knowledgeable, and quick. Best part is the smokeless grill, you won't leave the place smelling like BBQ. Garlic noodles and the miso butter Salmon was scrumptious. Definitely will be back!First off, finding the place can be kind of confusing. The GPS lead us to right in front of barcadia and we thought the restaurant was next to it but no, where barcadia is on the corner, make a right onto that street and go all the way down. The restaurant will be on your left. There's no big signage to show you where it is. I'm assuming based on the other reviews, we were behind the restaurant. It told us to go down some weird alley but we just called them and asked for instructions on how to get there. We had a reservations and was like 10 min late but not a big issue. We had trouble finding parking so we parked in a lot and it cost $20 freaking dollars with tax. What a rip off. Now onto the actual restaurant review... 
Walking in we were greeted, I believe the host calls out something saying guest have arrived and the whole restaurant "welcomes" you in but I don't understand what they say. That's what my friend said to me lol. Our server came by and introduced himself and asked if we wanted him to explain the menu, but we've been to gyu before just not that location so we knew how it worked. 
We put in an order for the meat lovers combo for two and also got extra gyu salad on the side, a spicy tuna volcano and the geisha and coco mo drink. Everything came out in a timely manner and they explain everything to you from how long to cook each meat to which sauce to use with it. 
Appetizers for the combo are miso soup, half gyu salad, white rice, edamame, and Japanese fried chicken. I enjoyed everything. Japanese fried chicken was delicious! Crispy and comes with some really good dipping sauce. Edamame is just like any other place and the salad is my FAVE that's why we ordered two more. They include six meats which were all okay to me. But my fave cuts are always the thinner ones and I personally don't care for a sweet marinade so it honestly became overwhelming after a while. I prefer my meats either with a savory marinade or none at all so I can dip it in the sauce but I appreciate the quality of the meats. Tender and juicy. S'mores for dessert was a great little treat. It was a nice ending to a rather filling and fatty meal. 
Overall my experience went well. Service was great and our grill was changed out often so it never burned. I didn't really leave smelling like bbq which I appreciate. The workers work together and help clear plates or bring you something you need. I believe it was the owner who popped by and asked how everything was and that was also nice. I'll be back in the future and would most likely do a la carte to get meat I like and try different menu items.Been here twice. I love the service and food. The drinks was "just ok" though, not something to brag about lol . but all the foods were amazing!! I did have reservations both times I went so I don't have any complaints about the wait and seating. I do wish that they have a baby changing table in the bathroom though. Mike (the manager i believe) was professional and checked on us many times during both times I visited. THey have cute baby booster seats for your little ones. I look forward to future visits with this establishment.The food is amazing!!! Mike who is the manager, OMG....He is supper sweet, friendly & professionalWaited for about a hr to be seated. Well worth the wait. Had the Meat Lover's and Veggie garlic noodle. Garlic noodle is a must try. The edamame was cooked perfectly and salad was just the right amount. The Japanese Fried Chicken did taste like Chick Fil a a little. The recommended for 2 can actually feed 3-4 people. Service was superb. A+Since I went home to visit family that came from across the country for a memorial, and knew that it was their grand opening, I had to reserve.     
I originally reserved a table to take my siblings out to try the food. They are a traditional family that would prefer to cook and eat at home, so this was my opportunity to take them out and treat them.   They ended up changing their mind last minute, so I decided upon taking 10 of my nieces and nephews ( high school/college age).      From being greeted upon arrival to leaving the restaurant, the staff was very COURTEOUS and KNOWLEDGEABLE, explaining every detail of the products that were being brought out to how to cook them.     There were like 10 different waitstaff that would come by to check up on us.  The kids asked ALOT of questions and the staff was very patient in answering their questions.     They may be youngsters, but they love to EAT! 
With a few picky eaters and a vegetarian in the family, having different meat options and vegetarian items  on the menu for them worked out great!   
Food: I ordered the Shogun for 6 people and then let them order a la carte on the items they liked.   
Hirami in Secret Pot, Toro Beef, Garlic Noodle, Kobe Short Rib, Miso Butter Salmon seemed to be the winners with this group!  
Dessert:  Can't go wrong with the Green Tea Crepe! We ordered 3 and it was all devoured!  
I plan on making many more trips here when the family comes together again.Ecstatic because we finally have a location in NOLA. Now we won't have to travel out of state to enjoy this delicious place. They're still having their soft opening, so reservations are required. We followed the GPS and somehow landed on the opposite side of the entrance. It's actually located on the corner of Lafayette and Magazine with street parking. 
The ambiance was nice and clean. They do wipe down the chairs, so be careful sitting down after a newly flipped table because I definitely sat down and had my pants wet. It's ok though, at least I know they took the effort to clean each surface. 
The staff were welcoming and attentive. Granted it's their soft opening, and they're basically still in training (there was a sign on the door), everyone did pretty well. Hopefully the service will stay the same once they actually start rolling. Our server took his time and went over each page of the menu and gave recommendations. 
They offer a wide variety of meat and veggies selections, a la cart or you can simply choose a preselected meal for party of two or more. Everything we ordered were delicious! Well, wait. I probably wouldn't order the cheese fondue topping again. Definitely save room for the Lady M green tea crepe cake with ice cream.
I do wonder why they don't offer happy hour like other locations? It can get pricey if you have a problem like us, where you over order because you want everything or when your eyes are hungrier than your stomach (is that the right saying?). Also, the restrooms are a little out of the way. It's in the connecting area that's under construction.
Glad to have y'all here, Gyu-kaku!First time I had it was in Houston. I'm sure glad they opened one up here in NOLA. Great food, great service, parking is sometimes hard due to being downtown but really worth the effort for the food. Tuna poke nachos And calamari are a must for appetizers. The skirt steaks (hirami and bistro), the toro, and kalbi are great meats to choose. This place is awesome.I was in town for work and found this place on yelp, needless to say the place was packed when I got there. So I ended up sitting at the bar waiting for a table and ordered some appetizers that Ricky the bartender recommended. The portions and the food were awesome, I end up making a dinner out of it. Killer food, I plan on going back again while I'm here and do their BBQ.We had initially dined here when they first opened  and we we're pleased beyond belief. I am extremely picky about receiving excellent service becaus I am a Barber and I am able to sustain a comfortable lifestyle all due to my customer toward my clients.
My wife has worked in the fine dining industry for years, and also gives credit to a restaurant for quality and customer service, but is more forgiving than I am when we dine out for obvious reasons. 
Today we visited this restaurant for the second time...this time with our daughter and she absolutely loved it due to the large variety on the menu (win-win situation in my opinion for a whole family lunch/dinner).  I always ask her where she would like to eat, but today I didn't give here a choice.  I was that convinced that she would be happy with my decision. 
We we're excited when Virginia greeted us and told us that she was going to be our server for two reasons:  first because we were extremely pleased with the service that we had received from Virginia our first time dining in, and second because  I knew that since she was still working here, the operation was still running smoothly and this business was not cutting corners in any type of way. 
Virginia thoroughly explained the menu to us again just as she did the first time and we received the same exemplary customer service from her, from an assistant manager and a manager during our dining experience.  I need to give a thumbs up to the manager and assistant manager because they were helping servers run food to tables, as well as helping pick up spent dishes and refill beverages as well.  This whole was working as a team!  The food was excellent and the quality hadn't changed since our first time there a few months ago  This is an extremely smooth operation and it was an absolute pleasure dining in today. We will definitely be back and I will spread the word to my clients.Really good food and service!! Best dinner ever!! Good meat options and BBQ! All the workers were very nice and friendly! All the food came out in a timely manner!Ordered quite a lot of good food. Garlic noodles is nice, spicy cold tofu is great, tuna nachos is so-so, the salad is decent, the lady m cake is amazing and the BBQ of different meats are good too, we two people should have ordered 3 kinds od meat and a bit of a stretch for 4, when we have so many other dishes. The service is fast, clear and nice. Highly recommend.We paid to UBER to this restaurant where they claimed to have full reservations but only one table in the entire restaurant full. Though fully staffed they claimed to be under a "soft opening" and refused us service.We wanted to try something different than the usual Creole food in New Orleans, which we enjoyed while there. We found this restaurant on Yelp and it did not disappoint. My husband and I got the $60 meal deal for 2 and it was a ton of food. We had 6 different plates with different cuts of beef and every plate had different flavor and so tender. From the soup to the salad to the rice and the beef, everything was delicious. We loved the concept of grilling everything on the little grill in the middle of the table. You finish the meal with freshly made S'mores. Our waitress was very helpful, explained everything for us and kept changing the grill. And at the end we were offered complementary green tea. We only wish there was a close one to where we live.
I definitely recommend this restaurant even for a big groupThey didn't accept our opentable reservations!! Our reservation with opentable was at 6:30, we got there on time but she said it's an hour and half wait!!!! We left.I love Gyu-Kaku! One of the best Japanese BBQ chain restaurant! I'm so happy they brought it here to nola and It is a MUST try hands down..from all the sides, drinks, different type of flavorful tender meats and of course the awesome service! I will definitely be back!Super rude management. DO NOT COME HERE. As soon we walked in they refused to serve us because we didn't have reservation. The front door lady tried sit us at the bar and the rude manager kicked us out right away because we weren't 'friend or family'. Really disappointed in this establishment ... me and my friends and family have been gyu Kaku fans for 10+ years. Will never ever visit this location again. Please note that all other reviews here are from the managers family. LolWe had a great time at Gyu-Kaku. The service was impeccable and food was delicious.
Spicy cucumber - 7/10. I was expecting something more spicy, but it was still tasty and good!
Japanese Fried Chicken - 9/10. Our server described this as chick-fil-a on steroids and he was right. Chicken was super juicy and the dipping sauce was perfectly spiced. 
Garlic Noodle - 8/10. I liked them a lot, but they are very garlic-y. The name doesn't lie. 
For meats we got duck breast, prime Kalbi, harami skirt steak, and yaki shabu. Everything was juicy and marinated well. The dipping sauces for the meats are encouraged and versatile. The duck breast was the shining underdog of the meats! Give it a try! 
Fruit sorbet - 6/10. $4 was a little steep for small cubes of sorbet I felt. 
Lady M crepe cake - 10/10. If you don't get this, your priorities aren't straight. Best crepe cake I've ever had and the ice cream on the side was perfect.
I would 100% come back! They also have nice virgin cocktail options if you don't drink.So glad we came here while visiting  from out of town! This was such a fun and unique dining experience that Locals and tourists need to try. It was hard to turn down the Samarai, a four course meal for 4, priced at only $130 TOTAL! What a steal!! Especially when I found out how much food we actually got with the meal. We were so full, but everything was delicious.
As they bring the food out, they give you instructions about how to cook it. With several meat dishes they let us know how long to cook it on each side before turning it. In between every 1 to 2 dishes they replaced the grate of the burner so there was no residue from the previous dish. 
They even bring dessert. With this meal we had Smore's. Talk about channeling your inner child :)Definitely get reservations and bring friends for the experience. The salad, soup and appetizers were excellent. The katsu chicken was hot tender and juicy. The meats were out of this world good. Marinated aged beef, short ribs and miso flavored meats were really fun to grill. The service was excellent and the fire grilled s'more at the end was a great ending to a meat-coma inducing dinner.Great Place! Love the tuna poke nachos! And the bartender Ricky is AWESOME. Familiar with the menu, helpful & honest. ^^^^^^^Went to dinner on a Tuesday. It was delicious. We got the Gyu-Kaku dinner for two. $70 not a bad price. Since it was out first time, the server Told us how to cook each item and for how long. We got the first few meats and was getting full when she bought out the last 3. Wow. That dinner was more than enough for two. We had to stuff it down as it was so good. Along with the s'mores dessert we ordered the fried banana. Prefect. The drinks were good too. The service was good. Hope to get back here again soon to try all the other menu items.I would probably give this place a 3.5 stars if there was the option of doing that on Yelp.
Came here after making a reservation on open table on a Saturday night. Came with a group of friends and we ordered one of the set menus and some sides. 
We ordered the Samurai for 4 people, cucumber, fried chicken, cold tofu. The Japanese fried chicken looked nothing like what was depicted in the menu. The menu made it look like they were bone in chicken but when we got the actual dish it was boneless chicken. It still had good flavor but I was expecting something else. It must've been really busy this Saturday night because we didn't get much attention from the waiters after we got seated. 
They bring your meat out for you in different sessions and we had to wait quite someTime in between each session for our next meats. We didn't even end up getting the vegetables from the set menu until the very end when we got our dessert so needless to say we didn't really enjoy the vegetables. The only meets that I really enjoyed in the set menu where the Harami secret pot and the Kalbi meet. The rest of the meats in the set menu were average. We probably also asked for water 5 to 6 times and the waiter only came back maybe once during those request. 
There also must be some communication difficulties as well because we had asked some questions to the waitress and she would bring back some food and have forgotten what we had asked and had to run back to the kitchen to doublecheck. They need to have either more attention to the customers dining there or maybe more staff because it seems like our one waiter was waiting on three or four of the tables in the back but had a difficult time attending our table.I love this place! Came here in for a mini vacation and it was just absolutely inviting and the food and ambiance is amazing!!I love it I love it I love it!!!!! This place is fantastic. I love the experience of being able to cook your own food, it allows you to dine at your own pace. Service is always superb. Dranks are hitting (lychee saketini)!!! We've tasted so much off the menu because we've gone twice since they've opened. I love the garlic fried rice, garlic shrimp, filet, Kobe ribs, skirt steak!!!! Omg my mouth is watering lol. I'll be back over and over agin. Very reasonably priced as well. I'd make a reservation Bc it seems to get busy.Ginny with the beautiful green eyes was was super sweet. Shout out to Ginny! Only 4% of the worlds population has green eyes. 
Great service. Sat down immediately. Waters were refilled and food came out quick. 
Favorite of all was the garlic noodles with shrimp. Best noodles in the world!!! And the shrimp is always so fresh and tasty here.Really fun concept! All of the meats were delicious, most especially the duck and the skirt steak, and the service (Dominic) was impeccable. It was surprisingly filling, so I'd recommend being conservative when you order. We're definitely looking forward to coming back.Had a really fun experience at Gyu-kaku. I had never been to one before and was a bit overwhelmed by the extensive menu at first. My awesome server, Ginny, gave me a great run through and some solid reccomendations; the Tuna Nachos are my favorite. All in all, it was a unique and exciting dining experience I got to enjoy with friends from out of town. The food was great and the service was exceptional. Thanks again, Ginny!Love this place. Will definitely come back. Food and service was on point. Dessert is a must. Ask for Lady M's Green Tea Crepe with Ice Cream. You will regret it if you don't.UPDATE:  Ginny is still amazing!  We love that she is always willing to offer suggestions, even if it means more work for her.  What a lovely evening.  Thanks again, Ginny!!
Ginny is simply the best!  What a positive, cheerful young lady!  She MADE the already fantastic meal a wonderful experience.   Dining should always be this way.Definitely a must! Tonight was their grand opening and there were no reservations available. Husband and I really wanted to check this place out so decided to take a chance with walking in. Figured we could hang at the bar. There was a wait but we enjoyed ourselves at the bar. Lycee mojito was the bomb along with apps such as the tuna nachos! The staff was able to get us a table. The bbq was ah-mazing! Service was ah-mazing! Price is really good too! I can't rave about it enough! Such a fun experience! Do yourself a favor and go!Came here while in New Orleans for my wife's birthday. 
Very tasty food, the spicy cabbage salad was really good. And the garlic noodles were really good as well. Very flavorful. I got the fried rice, it was good, but i could do without it. 
We got the veggies for the grill. They were good, however, i think next time we will probably just order the veggies separately. 
4 stars only because i would've liked to have an option for different marinades for the veggies. Overall though, it was a really good restaurant and we look forward to trying the one by home.Great japanese BBQ spot. A little pricey but the service and food was excellent! Make sure you request for Kenny!!! He gave amazing recommendations and guided us through the whole process, making sure to take great care of us. We'll definitely be sitting with him next time.Great food! Our server was on point. Bartender made a stiff ass gin. The food portions were perfect.This is one of my favorite places in the Dallas area and I am so excited that they've opened one in New Orleans!! If you've never had this, let me run it down for you real quick.. you get your personal grill (depending on what day you go) you either order all you can eat or your dishes one by one. The waiter will bring your meats and they will be raw. You cook it on the group in front, they give you cook times, and eat when ready! Grills can get dirty and the waiter swaps em. Let's eat!Everything else is fine but we found a piece of iron floss in the tofu chigae soup. It was disgustingI was not a fan. The service was just Ok and often we didn't see our server for long periods. The food quality reminded me of the Costco freezer section. The cheese wontons were not good. The ramen was ok but somewhat bland. The meat didn't seem the best quality and it was hard to get our vegetables to cook properly. I was hoping at least the sides would come prepared. It was too much to keep up with and enjoy dinner conversation. I did enjoy the spicy tuna roll appetizer, the fried rice patties on them were sweet. Overall it wasn't horrible, but I do not see myself returning.The best Japanese barbecue in New Orleans!! Phenomenal service !! And the food is amazingthis place was amazing! best matcha green tea cake ever!!!! the bbq was amazing. service amazing. food fire flames like hells kitchen. server amazing duy the bestEverything is wonderful here! Highly recommended. Service was great. Very lovely atmosphere! Waiters are very attentive and the food...delicious! So glad New Orleans finally has a location opened!Went here for date night and though we had to wait a little while for a table, despite having reservations, the rest of the experience was top-notch! The food was fabulous - we ordered the dinner for two and all of the food was excellent. We lived in Japan for several years and it felt very authentic. It was a great experience all around, especially the service! We really enjoyed it, will be back soon!Great place to eat at, hang out at, and have a good time at this place have many types of beef one thing to try is a beef bowl rice and try the Japanese fried chicken taste amazing with the mayo chili sauce and we often get the $60 meal set which was quite filling we had 6 people today so we got 3 beef rice, $60 meal planned, and dried age meat with just that we are feeling quite full it was so delicious and good to eat their ramen based off of previous experience was not the best but still good their drinks I haven't tried personally but they are quite the price for a smoothie it cost at least $6 or more I'm not sure how much it cost but surely more than $5 hopefully this will be helpful to y'all who most likely come to eat here !!! I also want to say they have the best customer service here!!!!!Great for meeting up, dining and cooking in your own space. Huge menu of different meat selections, from marinated premium beef to chicken pork and duck breast. My fav meat is the harami skirt steak in secret sauce. One dish that staff cooks for you. Highly recommend saving room for Lady M crepe, if you're into desserts! Ask for Dhavies, he's pretty attentive!Gyu-Kaku first of all is a chain restaurant. I say this because they do not modify their ramen broths. The broths are premade and cannot be made more spicy on request. Secondly, their happy hour starts fairly early, but does not offer many options. The entire menu may say happy hour, but only the red lettering indicates happy hour. If going for just the Korean bbq, then you can get a pretty good deal for two during happy hour for just $50. My husband and I just really wanted noodles. We ordered the Kalbi ramen and bacon chips. First the bacon chips were so fried and battered that you cannot tell that there is any pork in it. It is also served with a side dish of salt and lemon. We highly recommend using them, because the chips are very very plain. Secondly, the KALBI ramen. If you're a ramen condeseur, (i guess the waiter thought i was) the broth is thicker than average ramen broths, and has an slight adobo chili taste. It wasn't really what i would expect for Kalbi. Lastly, to make things a little less tasteful, the egg was not marinated or soft boiled. The hard boiled egg threw me for a loop. In the end, everything was edible for the most part, but i would not come for a ramen. Last tip is, the restrooms are located in a weird hallway that connects to another part of the building that isn't part of the restaurant. If you're prone to getting lost between your table and the bathroom like me, then this is terrifying.Def love this place. Quite pricey because the portions are small and so you'd want to get more stuff for the grill but for the quality of meat you get on the grill makes it worth. Def wouldn't go every week but once in a while or special occasion would be lovely. There are always great lunch deals for people who are looking more on the price side tho. I would say if you are a light eater then you could possibly come often but for someone like me who enjoys indulging on food and spoiled by korean bbq places in Houston for the quarter for the price... yep can get pretty expensive. The service is good and I love the lychee mojito :)Service was great, the servers were very attentive, the food is bryond amazing. First time here, and definitely coming back in the future.Great atmosphere , good food & a fun experience ! Thanks , Big Ant for the outstanding service !I mean WOW!! What an amazing dining experience! We were there for a birthday celebration with a party of 7 and I tell you this was such good consistent food! The options, the sauces, the table grills, the professionalism, all top notch! Food was amazing, service was top level! I Highly recommend! They even have happy hour M-F!!! Check them out, you will not be disappointed!Duy has great beef... and veggies. This review is too short so I am typing more. And more...My husband and son had been to a Gyu-Kaku in Orlando and just were sooo excited to share this experience with the family. We had a large party - 7 adults and 3 children 4 and under. Thank goodness we had reservations so we were seated right away. Then, we waited...it was almost 15 minutes before the manager came by and asked if we've been served. That seemed to jump start our service. Everything was on point, with the exception of drinks, we had to ask for refills. All that having been said, the atmosphere was fantastic and the food was just excellent. The meat, fish and vegetables were very fresh and seasoned well...I only added seasoning to few items. We'll definitely be back!This is one of my TOP-FIVE all time favorite restaurants literally ever. Any location is A-1 (I've been in Houston and Dallas also) but this New Orleans chain is top notch. The food is ALWAYS amazing and never disappoints! The service here is sooo great and friendly! RICKY the bartender was so great, friendly, and makes BOMB drinks! Definitely coming to sit with him again! This is my 3rd weekend coming in a row because I just can't get enough! GREAT JOB!It was my first time going to this establishment with a couple of friends and I enjoyed the food and ambiance.
My waiter, Peter, went above and beyond to inform me of how long it would take to cook one of the menu items and give us some superb suggestions! 
I will be coming back again in a few days and hopefully I can request Peter to be my server again.
To finish off the meal, I highly recommend getting Lady M's Green Tea Mille Crepe and Fried Banana cheesecake w/ ice cream! =)I was excited to try the concept at Gyu-Kaku. The staff was helpful and informative when explaining everything from how to use the barbecue grill and how to get the best option for your party size from the menu. We got some of everything from hanger steak, toro beef, and filet mignon. We also got some vegetables; zucchini, mushrooms, onions and also noodles. Their menu allows you to try a lot of different things which is great. The meal comes with a salad, soup and rice. We enjoyed trying all the different meats and it's a fun experience grilling your own food. Even though Gyu-Kaku is a franchise, it seems to be pretty authentic.First off, finding the place can be kind of confusing. The GPS lead us to right in front of barcadia and we thought the restaurant was next to it but no, where barcadia is on the corner, make a right onto that street and go all the way down. The restaurant will be on your left. There's no big signage to show you where it is. I'm assuming based on the other reviews, we were behind the restaurant. It told us to go down some weird alley but we just called them and asked for instructions on how to get there. We had a reservations and was like 10 min late but not a big issue. We had trouble finding parking so we parked in a lot and it cost $20 freaking dollars with tax. What a rip off. Now onto the actual restaurant review... 
Walking in we were greeted, I believe the host calls out something saying guest have arrived and the whole restaurant "welcomes" you in but I don't understand what they say. That's what my friend said to me lol. Our server came by and introduced himself and asked if we wanted him to explain the menu, but we've been to gyu before just not that location so we knew how it worked. 
We put in an order for the meat lovers combo for two and also got extra gyu salad on the side, a spicy tuna volcano and the geisha and coco mo drink. Everything came out in a timely manner and they explain everything to you from how long to cook each meat to which sauce to use with it. 
Appetizers for the combo are miso soup, half gyu salad, white rice, edamame, and Japanese fried chicken. I enjoyed everything. Japanese fried chicken was delicious! Crispy and comes with some really good dipping sauce. Edamame is just like any other place and the salad is my FAVE that's why we ordered two more. They include six meats which were all okay to me. But my fave cuts are always the thinner ones and I personally don't care for a sweet marinade so it honestly became overwhelming after a while. I prefer my meats either with a savory marinade or none at all so I can dip it in the sauce but I appreciate the quality of the meats. Tender and juicy. S'mores for dessert was a great little treat. It was a nice ending to a rather filling and fatty meal. 
Overall my experience went well. Service was great and our grill was changed out often so it never burned. I didn't really leave smelling like bbq which I appreciate. The workers work together and help clear plates or bring you something you need. I believe it was the owner who popped by and asked how everything was and that was also nice. I'll be back in the future and would most likely do a la carte to get meat I like and try different menu i
Update: March 17, 2019 
First time going on a Sunday and this visit was the one that will have me as a returning customer forever. I am already a regular and they never fail to go above and beyond with service. Where's my 6 star button? Our wait wasn't too long, but we checked in before our reservation time and sat at the bar. Ricky introduced himself and asked if we wanted to order drinks or apps while we wait to let him know. We didn't, but he offered water shortly after anyways. Btw, he makes a good drink! Our server My was very sweet and hard working despite being understaffed. I always see the managers helping and being hands on while checking on customers, that's exactly what you need in a restaurant. They even comped our drinks for us, so nice of them to do. I'm always willing to pay for good food and service that's great so I really appreciated that gesture. Give them a visit if you haven't! The experience is awesome for first timers and the food is always good. I'm sure you won't be let down.The food was awesome, the service great, loved the atmosphere. Tyler was our server and we absolutely loved him. Thanks Tyler!Legit good! New to the scene in New Orleans and we made reservations to go! Arrived early and not a problem. They sat us promptly and our waitress came immediately over. She took our drinks and explained the menu in detail. We were a party of 8 and ended up getting the shogun platter! Let me tell you, this is enough food for 20 people! So good! We were so stuffed by the time dessert came, but we did end up eating it. So simple and so good! A must go to if you're in town! Highly recommend!I've eaten at gyu in many other cities so I was pretty stoked when I heard they were coming to New Orleans.
We ordered an assortment of the popular meats, wings, spicy cucumber, and salad. The meats are always marinated with wonderful flavors. The only one that I didn't care for was the cube steak. A little on the harder side. All in all, I've never had a bad experience at gyu before and coming here, still received A1 service! Our waitress changed the grill once it got a little burnt.
This was my first time trying their fried cheese cake ice cream and OMG..it was delicious!  Liked it more than the green tea crepe cake, tbh.Gyu-Kaku is by far one of the best experiences my family has had, not just at a Japanese BBQ restaurant, any restaurant. We had a reservation for 8 and due to being very busy, we had to be split up. What looked to be a very poor experience turned out to be one of the best! The owner Kai sat and apologized for having to split us up and offered to fix it by getting each table an appetizer. We were very appreciative by the gesture of good will, the fact that they acknowledged it was above and beyond what we expected. Soon after before the food started to arrive the table next to us opened up and they offered to move our other party next to us. Father's day was back on in full swing, the food came out and we had an amazing time grilling and enjoying the assortment of meats that were brought to us. Our family really enjoyed this place and the hospitality that was provided. We will definitely be back!So happy they finally opened. I've been waiting for months for this place to open and I sure wasn't disappointed. 
The service and atmosphere was great. Everyone is very attentive and very friendly. 
The food was delicious. My favorite is the Harami in Secret Pot. We cooked ours medium rare. It was so good, the flavor and texture was savory and perfectly seasoned.  
My table also got the sukiyaki and the pork sausage bibimbap, so good. 
Can't wait to go back to try their noodles and soup.
Hopefully they add the happy hour special menu. ^_^Our waiter Peter was amazing! He made sure everything we ordered was as we expected. We was also greeted by Michael, the manager. He constantly came back to make sure we was okay & made sure we had everything we asked for.Had gyu Kaku in Osaka japan and the New Orleans location doesn't disappoint! Highly recommend the garlic noodles, Hirami in a pot, and spicy cucumbers! I have been twice and the service is great each time.I have been to many other Gyu-Kaku ( Vegas, Houston, Atlanta & Cali ). I was so excited when Nola finally have one. The Hubby and I love grilled food and we can't wait to go here. The parking and the drive here is a hassle, but that's how downtown Nola are. Enough said, the food tasted great, staffs are very nice and the place are very clean and cozy. We enjoy dinning there and would recommended this place for our friends and family.Food was great. A group of 7 girls were able to finish the Samurai dinner plus a couple added meats for the grill. Shoutout to our server Duy! U rock.Great place for Jap. BBQ downtown! We loved going for happy hour. Some great deals! No wait at all. Staff was extremely friendly and very attentive. Will definitely be back!Great service! Peter was our server and he was very attentive and friendly. We had a little trouble with our grill and when Peter noticed he admittedly apologized and sat us at a new table. Would highly recommend this place.I traveled 30 minutes to try this new venue and upon arrival they refused my party service for a business meeting. They claimed they were booked but had every table available in the restaurant but 2. Though I'm unable to comment on the food, terrible customer service. We will not be back.Am quite the K-BBQ connoisseur and this blew me away. The quality of the meats were top notch and unlike more Korean places, each dish was different and unique. The stay was great about changing grills inbetween every few meats. The variety for the "Samurai" dinner course for 4 people was super diverse and to end with s'mores was a nice touch. Great cocktails and couldn't pass up an order of shishito peppers (that we took the opportunity to blister in the grill)
Top notch. Make sure to fire up Open Table since I feel like it'll be tough to get reservations at this place.Couldn't be more excited when I heard this chain made its way to New Orleans.  If you haven't tried KBBQ - this is the place to start! This is such a fun interactive way to have an intimate dining experience or as a big group.  Sipping on good japanese beer while waiting for your food to cook in front you so you can control the temperature...LOVE THAT!!!
Location, quality, price, staff, and menu options are all the reasons why I come here.  They have a variety of protein options to choose from and their side fixings are a nice compliment too.  My favorite is the buttered corn.  
Drop in and try it for yourself.  They currently accept rsvp via OPENTABLE...gotta love that, because you earn points too =)
Enjoy!High quality meat, good flavors, and good service. Best self grill bbq place in Nola.