SO SLOW , slow is fine when you expect to stay there for an all night party but when you want to just have a quick bite to eat its lame. The wait staff is friendly but not educated on the menu. It seems like they hire people so that they can get experience in serving. The food is okay but takes forever to get to you.  
The last time i went there with my boyfriend we were seated relatively quickly. The waitress came up after about 10 mins to ask what we wanted to drink. By that time we had already looked at the menu and ordered food and drink at the same time. We waited for about 45mins- 1 hour and still havent been given anything.  We sit there some more and the waitress comes over with our food. Then she askes if we would like anything else with that. We said yeah.... our drinks!!!! We sat there for at least an hour with nothing to drink and nothing to snack on. This place takes forever. 
The prices are ok. Not to crazy over their one hookah per 2 people rule. If you go there with a group of 3 people they make you pay for a 2nd hookah even though the 3rd member of your group dosnt smoke and isnt 18 yet. That is absolutely ridiculous. 
The atmosphere is nice and well thought out and the music is at a nice level. 
Try this place for yourselves, i havent been in about a month so hopefully it has gotten better since the last few times i have gone. I, however will not be returning anytime soon.
Ps they have a great yogurt cucumber dip that is absolutly amazing. That alone is worth a star on here in my book.This place is a great place during the week and it's busy and great service but I went to the place today and they greeted us well and then they told us to go ahead and take a seat so I went to take a seat and so while I was sitting there for about 30mins and no one came over and offer me water or anything so I continued to sit there for 10mins and nothing so I got up and left and I told the manager that for people who come here often and wast there money we sure get treated horrible and I told if next time you can control or see who has not be attend to you should not have an open seat policy and also you should never let a customer walk away always try to keep the customer happy and at your place next I'm just stuck to going to Hookah House on magazine street much betterWhen I visit a new place (ANY place really) I want to feel like they want me to be there. If they don't fight for my business,  I'll gladly take my hard earned $ somewhere else.
The place itself is awesome.  The outside tables are open and welcoming but the wait staff is not. First time I came here I ordered hookah and a gyro sandwich. The sandwich never came despite my two reminders. Tea also takes about 45 mins to get to the table, assuming they made you the right batch to begin with.
The hookah is over priced-if you order that you don't have to tip. Especially given the excuse from our elusive waitress "that table over there tips big and my manager didnt want to hear any complaints."
OK, guess I'm not tipping or ever coming back.Believe all the negative reviews. My wife and I went last night for dinner. It was a horrible experience. DO NOT come here for the food. It is tasteless and poorly executed.  The servers are inattentive, disinterested kids. We too waited FOREVER for Turkish Tea. At least twenty minutes. Ordered three appetizers and a Gyro. Appetizers came out one at a time, with apologies each time for the delay.  Unless you are ordering an over priced, gimmicky Hookah, they could care less about you. This place will not be around in six months. New Orleanians demand good food.My boyfriend and I came on a Thursday night and it was not crowded. The staff was delightful. Our server Eden recommended the best flavor ever (berry mint with a touch of grape), kept my water full and my coals lit, and was super attentive. They have a great drink and food menu. Would recommend!Very bad boss and bad Hookah. He does not take care about his customers. Also he is not helpfulChill atmosphere, helpful service, authentic food, hip music, and a great selection if hookah flavors. I definitely recommend checking it out!My girlfriend and I went by to try out Haifa (pronounced "Hi-fuh" ... according to our waitress). I had never been to Hooka & Cafe and its new location is only a few blocks from my place now. The food was pretty good, and I love having a late night option in Mid City (I don't know of many ... that aren't bars or low-end food).
We had ordered the Haifa special, which based on the description ("Homemade red pepper paste, olive oil, walnut and feta cheese."), sounded like what I know as Muhammara. Instead, we received a sampler of hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves, and falafel. We didn't complain because we were fine with getting to sample what else they had to offer, but it ended up being a LOT of food for the two of us along with our entrees.
Below is the only reason I did not give them 4/5 stars.
Be aware that it is indicated on their menu that they charge 18% gratuity (to every order, regardless of party size). As a customer, I do not like this idea because this means you will be paying the 18% tip regardless of the quality of the service you receive. I typically tip 20% but have had a few instances where I was very dissatisfied with the service I received and tipped accordingly... and, on the rare occasion, have even gone as far as to remark on the bill that service was poor. (I am not opposed to communicating my opinion to the business in hopes that, if I were dissatisfied, it will improve in the event that I return.)
That said, I was not impressed with the service and the waitress said herself that she was spread thin and apologized for not being as tentative. I still would've given her a 20% tip, despite the appetizer mix-up, because she was nice and they just opened recently.
New Orleans is full of good food options, so the service quality is a key component that determines whether a restaurant will earn my return business. I will be less likely to return to Haifa knowing that they have revoked my right to express my opinion of the quality of service with my money. If I do return, however, I will be more inclined to complain if ever the service is less than impeccable.
I understand if Haifa's reason for the set gratuity is to circumvent the cheapskates and tourists that don't have the same tipping etiquette as us southerners, but I do not feel that this is an appropriate precaution. Also, if the staff is spread thin due to poor management, shortage of staff, or an unexpected surge of business, the service provided to the customer is diminished and therefore the tips will suffer, but that is part of the business of managing and working at a restaurant.
If they have a problem with poor tippers or the servers are dissatisfied with the service industry pay system, Haifa should increase their prices and/or establish a more appropriate pay system for their servers.
(please forgive my rant)I don't care for Middle Eastern food, so I can't attest to the cuisine, but I love coming here to smoke a hookah and watch a football game. Very comfortable, laid back, and the waitresses are all super cute. Can't complain about that.Have been here many times before but this was the worst . Service was bad, food blah and iced tea tasted like watered down fountain drink. Probably won't go back after this experience- too many other choicesService is horrible,  we sat for nearly ten minutes before anyone gave us a menu or even acknowledged our presence.  My mojito tasted really watered down,  our hookah pipe did not work right and the food is low quality and both under and over seasoned. I definitely prefer Mona's and Fatoush over this any day.  The waitress didn't even check on us.  The only thing I enjoyed was the music.  To say I'd talked about visiting this place for weeks, when finally making it I really wish I'd saved my money.The vast majority of seating here is an outside covered patio so that comes with the benefits and risks of the NOLA outdoors.  There is also a great deal of hookah smoking so that is an additional element to consider if you're gong to eat here.  The food is decent but not as good as most of the other Middle Eastern restaurants in NOLA and Mona's would give you a better experience.  The service really was unacceptably slow at many points and it seems the staff have a lot of distractions.  This is probably a spot best reserved for those that are looking to smoke a hookah and if you're just in the mood to eat you will probably be happier elsewhere but the patio could be nice.The service is terrible. I have been a few times (with different groups of friends) and the servers take literally over twenty minutes to even acknowledge you - even when they aren't busy.Good hookahs, good food. The price is ok.
The only drawback is that service can be slow sometimesThe service here was just horrible. Sat around for what seemed like ages before the server even acknowledged our presence. Waited patiently for the food to arrive, but once it came it did nothing to redeem the less than stellar first impression I'd gotten at Haifa. Server checked on us once during the beginning of the meal and never came back.Where do I begin?! So I'm here on vacation literally just walked outta this place. If I could give them 0 stars I would, because 1 is definitely to good for them. The customer service was HORRIBLE!!! Not only did we have to wait, call whomever our server was more than once, but also saw not 1 but 3 tables of people get up and leave due to waiting over 15 minutes just for menus. Next, the food... So we kept it simple and ordered 2 orders of mozzarella sticks. After waiting about 20 mins for them ONLY, our server brings them out and drops 1, and said I'll bring you back another order. Well the server comes back another 15 - 20 mins with ONE mozzarella stick, at which time we asked for our check. Lastly, the check... Another 20 minutes of waiting just for a CHECK. I've had a pleasant experience visiting NOLA thus far, with the exception of this place. Long story short, DO NOT waste your time coming here, everything about it is WRONG!!!Great location food was tasty and they had an abundance of different shisha flavors. The wait staff was attentive as well as the guy handling the coal. The atmosphere was nice like a typical bar comfortable seating as far as drinks I feel prices could be better but hey you're in NOLA so prices are to be expected unless you venture to the Westbank.My friend and I came here for the hookah and a snack. The atmosphere is wonderful, very relaxing and chill, love the openness and outdoor seating. The food was a amazing.  We had the Chicken shawarma and pistachio kebab.. It was all delicious but the kebab was to die for! Can't wait to go back!Awful service, and expensive. Called in my order and they didn't put it in, 20 mins later I come to pick it up, and the server ignores me for 5 mins then asks me if I've been helped. I tell her I'm just here to pick up my order and they then put it in and I wait another 25 mins for one damn WRAPGood late night food! They do take out too. Usually busy at night but never takes to lomg to get your food or hookah.The service is spotty and food overpriced. However, you can't beat location and hookah if that's your thing. It has a nice size lounge area and semi comfy seating with a tv for those football nights. We haven't gone back but may for drinks and hookah. The food wasn't terrible, just really over priced.Best hookah bar I have been to in the New Orleans area. The food is absolutely amazing as well as the staff. It has a great atmosphere with a chill vibe. I got a chicken shawarma wrap with fries. The food along with the hookah was outstanding. I would highly recommend this place to anybody looking for something to do with their free time. Also, if you come, get the watermelon mint hookah. It's great!While there a many delightful flavors of hookah that's about all I have to say on a positive note. 
Service here is terrible. I went with two friends on a VERY SLOW Sunday night and in the two hours that we were there our server only came three times at 30 minute intervals. As a waitress I was highly displeased. Being that the restaurant was empty when we got there it shouldn't have taken 30 minutes for a slice of pre-made pie. It's was even more upsetting that the server didn't even apologize for the long wait-___- never wasting my time there again. They should just take food off of the menu.NEW OWNERS!!!! Former Byblos owner recently took over this spot and I'm pleased! Same great taste you expect from Byblos but with a new menu. If you've been before I'd def give this place another try. The most moist kibbeh I've ever had! Delic!As I'm sitting here I'm baffled with the piss poor customer service. I'm shocked because I was expecting so much more. The drinks are watered down. My appetizers were cold. Oh and they forgot to put a member of our party's order in and our waitress does not seem overly concerned. 
We have been here 2 hours and aside from bringing food we haven't been checked on by the waitress. 
First time and last time!I wish I could write a real review, unfortunately, we were sat at a table by the hostess and after 20 minutes without any acknowledgement, decided to go home and have leftover pizza. Total bummer.VERY tasty food, though maybe a little pricey compared to Mona's, for instance.  We got the Adana kebab and a dish that was basically baba ghanoush with tomatoey grilled meat on top.  Yum.  The side salad seemed to be missing dressing but we didn't bother asking since we had a lemon wedge from the tabbouli to use.  Tabbouli was also good  
Cons: the chairs at the table we got were sorta weird.  I would have liked to pick a seat rather than being assigned.
The music was ridiculous and sorta loud.  I get the vibe they're going for, I'm just not into it.  I would definitely see myself going there a lot if the music weren't so annoying.  
Need coasters/napkins for drinks.  
Oh, and if they forget to bring you the plastic disposable tip for your hookah, be sure to ask for one.  They have them, but I saw one guy using the hookah straight up.  I don't think those things get cleaned often/thoroughly enough to do that.  
Overall, I would definitely go there for food again, but probably during the day when it's not such clubby music playing.  Or maybe to-go.This was my first time there. It is in the neighborhood and walkable so we decided to give it a try. The food was not great, at all. I had a gyro wrap and it was really, really small. It came with fries and they were bland. No salt or pepper on the tables which usually would not bother me but the fries needed it, bad. Also they gave you just a tiny thing of ketchup and tzatziki. Service was great. The only reason it gets 2 stars. Also the bathrooms were awful!!'  Seriously someone needs to clean them!Service: 1 star. Service slow. Staff unknowledgeable. Untrained. Unprepared. Got the order wrong. 
Food: expensive and low-quality when compared to other Middle-Eastern restaurants in the area. Worst pita bread. We ordered the beef kebob and I'm not sure it was beef. The shrimp were small and tasteless. The box-rice was bland. 
The beer menu has to categories, domestic and imported. There is a $1 difference between. They have Abita under imported. 
We do not recommend this place.It's a decent gyro joint in a decent spot. A tad pricey for what you get but overall tasty. I dunno about the hookah because I smoke real cigarettes.My visit was for hookah and drinks, I did not try any food items. The hookah was great, the atmosphere was very chill but the service was not up to par. It seemed like they were maybe understaffed.  I will definitely re-visit and would like to try more hookah flavors and food items.Not a fan...The tables and chairs are nice.  My wine had a bug in it and the glass was dirty.  I told the waiter and I'm sure that he just picked the bug out of the glass because the glass was still dirty. :(  Hookah was ok...plentiful flavors.Good hookah. nice venue. Horrible Service. My waitress didn't know the menu, and was more interested in her cell phone than paying attention to her guest. I have worked in the Hotel, Resturant, and Tourism industry for quite some time and it's a slap in the face when you know how your service should be and it is this far off. Spend your money elsewhere.I'll agree with the other reviewers, the service at this place is terrible. I have been here twice, mainly because the hookah is really good and priced pretty fairly for what hookah is usually priced. Also the ambiance is really awesome.
However, the food and drinks are OVERLY priced. I usually order the arabic mint tea, which I can make at home, and they charge four dollars for a small pot. Also, I know the style of service they are going for is very authentic hookah bar, because I am a middle eastern woman who has been to many hookah bars all over the world, but if they are catering to mainly an American audience in New Orleans, they need to make sure that service is on point. The girls are really nice, they just don't do much except sit around till you're finished. I'm not even sure why they have 8 girls working when they all just sit there. The only people who are constantly working are the guys setting up the hookahs and refilling the charcoals. 
I haven't had the food there, but from what people tell me it's not as good as Mona's or Attitikis. 
If you're just looking to smoke hookah and nothing else, this place is great, otherwise, find another place to go to.I come here for the hot waitresses, drinks, and the lebneh. They have the largest hookah menu in the city, so it's always fun mixing up all of the flavors!!A friend sent us to Haifa. It was a disaster, for me and we'll as for my 5 friends. The service was slow, surly and error-prone.  
Afterwards during the night, one of my friends and I spent all night barfing  ( had the same dish). 
I have spent much time in the Middle East, as it happens including the actual city Haifa, so I'm not some 'ugly American' dork. This place is bad news.If you're looking to be fed a good meal in a timely manner then look somewhere else because this ain't it. 
My friends and I came here last night for a birthday dinner and it was possibly the worst present we could have given him. When we arrived we  ordered drinks but I just wanted water. When their drinks came out at a reasonable time she didn't bring any water for me - that's basically server 101.
We arrived there a little around 8:15 PM and did not place our orders until 8:30 - that's a reasonable time I suppose, if you wanted a late dinner. We did not - but that's not what happened. Our food did not come out until 45 minutes later. Not only was the food late but they also messed up my falafel order. I asked for an appetizer and they brought out a platter - which means I waited for over 45 minutes for it to come to my table. When our server brought it to us and I let her know that it was not what I asked for, there was a brief moment of silence. I think she was trying to see if I would just take the platter. I didn't. When she finally brought it out as an appetizer, it tasted bland. I had to add extra condiments for it to not taste like fried cardboard. I got an Adena Kebab and it was okay. Two people at our table ordered the falafel sandwich and we saw it come out and be delivered to the wrong table so they brought it back to the kitchen where it very clearly stayed under some heat lamps while the rest of our food was being prepared. 
I can understand if it takes a while for the food to get out if the place was packed. It was nowhere near packed. They had 35 tables total but only had maybe 10 tables occupied. It made no sense for service to have been below mediocre and the food to be less than memorable. This is a new place and it definitely has things to work out 
OH. And they also offer you a nice menu with a variety of choices. Except for the pasta page. They're not serving pasta any time soon, according to the server. Despite the fact that there's whole page dedicated to it. It's just a page of things you can't have. 
This place was ridiculously overpriced for what it offers. Save yourself the hassle and hours and purchase some frozen food you can pop in the microwave.I've driven by this place every day, and we decided to try it. Wow. We walked in to an empty Restaurant, well there was one person with a hookah hidden in the back studying and a couple on the patio. We were told to sit wherever we wanted. We picked a table by the window and then my boyfriend played musical chairs, because everyone of them he sat in was broken. We laughed this off and ordered drinks and food with an appetizer. Our drinks came with in 10 minutes. Then we waited. At first we didn't mind, we were catching up and relaxing. But after 45 minutes we decided to get up and leave. We walked up to the register, because our server was no where to be found, and asked to pay for our drinks. The server looked at us confused. I spoke softly and slowly to her, describing the fact we came here because we were hungry, and it had been almost an hour and we finished our drinks and hadn't received our appetizer yet. Please give us the bill, or we just walk. She jumped over to the square reader and rang out our drinks, my boyfriend tipped her well. He mentioned to her she needed to seek other employment, serving was not a skill she possessed. The owner/ chef wouldn't look at us. Don't go there, it's not worth it. Even for hookah. Milk crates in a dark alley would be more enjoyable.Worst service I've seen in NOLA yet. The hookah was great, but good LORD, the service was awful. Unacceptable.Was my visit to New Orleans and it the best place enjoy it for the best hookah bar. Has all the flavor witch not available somewhere ales . Thank u raed for have my group in your location .Sub Par food.  Awful service.  If you only want to smoke hookah come here.  The waitress took forever to take our order.  Then when the food FINALLY came out, I received the wrong food order.  The waitress then took forever to come out with my correct order.  won't be returning.If I could give -5 stars I would. I came here before about three times and always received slow service. Tonight I went and and the service I received was the worst. It's not like they were busy whatsoever. I sat there for an hour and my coal was never changed, not even once (I sat outside). Our server didn't even check up on us. Their hookahs suck and barely blow out smoke. The only reason why I kept coming back was because the hookah place by my house closed and I wanted to give Haifa the benefit of the doubt. Upon receiving the bill, I noticed that they charged me gratuity. I work in the restaurant business so I know that you're not suppose to charge gratuity unless it's a party of 5 or more. When I told the server, she said that it's a new thing they do. Never coming here again.My friend recommend I check out this place so I decided to give it a shot. A girl with green bangs was our waitress and gave us good recommendations for what to eat, I really enjoyed my chicken shawarma. Great service, great food and a chill atmosphere. I would definitely come back here again.Okay so this place could have been a perfect ten if it was one thing, 100% fat friendly. But don't worry my plushy friends its not totally unfriendly just a little. Time to take the journey through my lenses. 
Parking- so the parking isn't the best, it was street parking and we went on slow  night so we were able to get in the front of the restaurant. I believe that there may be a parking area in the back of the place but it was a little confusing as to how to get to it. 
Seating/Space- The main room is fairly large and its a good amount of space between each table. The tables have these plush chairs connected to them but the chairs are low and not that wide (which is where the not so fat friendly part comes in). They have some tables along the window that are more like lawn chair style not sure how comfortable those chairs were. There are some reserved sections in the restaurant that are like large couches,I suppose that would be set up for parties. There is a big screen tv, that was playing the NBA playoffs no sound. It was VERY cold in the restaurant, I'm sure its to keep it ventilated with all of the hookah smoke but they have got to find a middle temp. I would have to say that it was a little hard to completely relax with it freezing and that was with a jacket on. The bathroom was clean and spacious which I always appreciate. 
Staff- So you walk in and its more of a seat yourself type of setup. Everybody seems to be real laid back, no actual uniforms which I'm cool with. Our waitress was really informative and she was patient and polite which I love when I'm new to a place. The other waitresses seemed just as friendly. 
Food/Hookhah/Drinks- So the I'm not sure what a good price for hookah would actually be since most of my hooking has been at friends houses. but the price range was from $16-30 for a flavor depending on what you are looking for whether it be more fruity of more herb blends. Each pipe was for two people, but I'm sure more could share if you dont mind sharing the mouth piece.  The food was a descent price for what you what get, the wings are very tasty and I also got the chicken kabob. It comes with salad and jasmine rice and hummus I dont care for hummus so I got the fries instead and they were pretty standard but good. The drinks are good prices, I got the long island and it was a true long island. 
All in all if the seating was better and it wasnt so darn cold it would be a perfect lounge spot. They do have wifi, and I saw a few people  working on some things and hooking. But I will definitely go back to the spot just wear a sweatshirt.Haifa is my Cheers! Everyone knows my name! It's my favorite place! Awesome hookah and hospitality! Muhammad the manager( who's pictured) always takes care of us... They treat their regulars like family! Reasonably priced and good food! Keep up the good work! The food is consistently well prepared.Service and food was horrible! We arrive with a group of 5 expecting to sit at a table we were comfortable with. As we stood waiting to get seated the host walked off and would not meet our needs. We sat ourselves. After the food was serve we were not checked on..We sat there dehydrate. I also started to notice bugs flying around. We were told in order to get water or the check "we have to get up and look for the waiter". My entire life i was never told to personally get up and look for a waiter. We sat for at least 40 minutes just waiting. Once we express our disappointment with the service the manager and waiter began to become very hostile. The bathroom was just as worst. You walked in with clogged toilets and not knowing what you were stepping on. We were very disappointed with everything. The owner should definitely look into a better team. There's better hookah bars in the downtown/New Orleans area that I have attended! If you would like a chill, relax environment try the hookah bar on decatur street.I love this little place.  The staff is very kind and attentive and the pita was delicious.  The atmosphere is great too.Had lunch here for the first time today. I had the wings kaboob and some baklava. The Food was very good and was served by our waitress Sarah, who was professional with a side of funny. Very pleasant meal, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good Turkish/Mediterranean food while in the Metairie area.As far as the hookah experience, The atmosphere is really cool. The waitresses are dressed in their own style of clothing. Seems like a really chill hookah bar. 
Next order of business.... The food is terrible. I ordered the chicken Shawarma plate. It was 12.95. It came with chicken, hummus, pita, rice, and salad. The chicken tasted grilled with added seasoning. Not your traditional Greek roasted. The pita was prepackaged. I could taste the smoke of the hookah oh my pita. The rice was par boiled not even close to Greek rice. My salad had Italian dressing. 
Long story short, the atmosphere is great. The food is not. The food is not traditional. To me, it seams as though someone just decided, "hey we should sell Greek food!; but didn't actually know how to cook it.They serve the best coffee in New Orleans! Awesome place for hookah and food. Always take friends here for a night cap.My husband and me, plus two other couples met at Haifa Turkish Cuisine & Hookah Bar for dinner after hearing that it is now being operated under new owners.  All I can say is WOW, this place is amazing!!  Everything has changed for the better:  new owners, new chefs, new staff members and a spectacular new menu.   
This is by far the BEST place for authentic Mediterranean cuisine.  The food was exceptional, well-seasoned and cooked to perfection.  We had the pleasure of eating a wide variety of food items on the menu.  For appetizers we enjoyed Grape Leaves and Hummus Dip - wonderful! The Fattousch Salad was also a winner.  For entrees, we delighted in delicious Chicken Kabobs, Beef Kabobs, Rack of Lamb, Kafta on a skewer, and fries with Garlic Paste.  My husband went crazy with the special rice.  Finally, we ate a delectable Ashta for dessert.  
We experimented with several different flavors of Hookah throughout the evening. The Hookah menu is extensive and exquisite.  Do not be intimidated by the Hookah variety, you can't go wrong.  
The ambience is upscale with chic and comfortable sofas, tables, chairs and mood setting music.  If you are looking for exclusivity, ask to sit in a private section.  It was all very pleasant and relaxing.  The crowd is diverse and everyone seemed to have a good time.  It's the perfect spot for group gatherings, romantic date nights or a solo night out.  
The food quality and the ambience were more than equally matched by the outstanding service from the knowledgeable and attentive staff.  For example, they made sure that the Hookahs stayed lit.  LOVE this place!!  We will definitely return!!  Thumbs up to the new owners!!For a Hookah and a glass of wine, this was a perfect post dinner stop with my hunnie :) eclectic mix of people too.  Pomegranate Rose was very nice.Horrible! The hummus had 0 taste.The only thing i could taste was lemon not good at all.The falafel same thing 0 taste i guess i should have ran when i heard them using the microwave.I think  they just warmed up already made falafel.I knew i should have listened to the reviews.Oh well live and learn waste of moneyGreat location! Besides that, I think the owners were simply thinking the location would sell the place. Wrong. The service  was atrocious; due to poor training, and inconsiderate attitude given off by the waitress. Not to mention she was masticating/had a cheek full of food while taking our order--only to get our order wrong. As others have already warned, steer clear of this place. The only good thing we ordered were the fries; however, I suspect they were Ore-Ida fully cooked fries.Went in for a late lunch. The location is new and nice. I love stuffed grape leaves, and Mona's Cafe has a dinner plate consisting of stuffed grape leaves (8 count), a salad, and hummus for around 10 bucks. But I figured we try this place since never eating here before.
Under entrees they have grape leaves. The photo in the menu showed it with a salad and what looked like hummus for $12 dollars. A bit more expensive than Mona's but not much. I asked her if it came with hummus and she said no. I asked her what was in the picture, and she said that it was just a stock photo, that it wasn't their actual food... Ok. I order the entree grape leaves (they had an appetizer of grape leaves too for $5) and I order an appetizer of hummus ($5). When my order came out I was a bit confused that the entree of stuffed grape leaves only consisted of 8 grape leaves, and they were barely stuffed with anything at all! 
I thought that since the waitress was new that she accidentally put in an order of an appetizer rather than the entree. I asked her the difference in the two and she said that the appetizer comes with 4 grape leaves and the entree has 8. 
I could have ordered 2 appetizers for 10, and instead I was charged $12 for eight subpar grape leaves. 
Never going here again. Mona's Cafe is so much better priced, they have better food, and better people working for them.It's unfortunate that this place is within walking distance for me. The food is seriously over priced for the quality. I've tried it twice, just to be disappointed both times. If you can't even get hummus right, thumbs way down for me.The food here is just ok, and the last time I went there was a patron smoking cigarette after cigarette indoors.  Management never came to tell him anything.  I understand that it's a hookah bar, but cigarettes are not hookah and are not allowed indoors.  They need to make sure to pay attention to that.First off when we first arrived here the lady told us to find a seat anywhere and someone will be with you guys in a second! (So at this time it was my crew of three and some other people of five that's it!) A second turned into 26 minutes and i got real upset and flagged down the person i saw. His name was D and when i asked if someone could help he seemed bothered but then was like I'll help you. We gave him our orders and he hardly understood the menu clearly. We had to spell out stuff to him and try to explain very clearly what we wanted because he wasnt comprehending well. So we get our hookah and flavor was watermelon that was cool. I liked that a guy came by to change the ashes every twenty minutes but the sad part was that we saw the ash guy more than our waiter. My friends were pissed but i was trying to get the mood right and point out other things about the place to calm everyone nerves.  So my friend drink was watered down (she ordered the cosmo) so,  I didnt order a drink because of that. The food was delicious after waiting about 20 minutes for that. It was worth the wait. My first time trying hummus and it was good. So an hour past and no waiter. We had to flag him down again to get the check and he didnt seem to understand how to split everyone check so after 30 something minutes a whole new person comes with the bill and asked us how we would like to close out . So damn aggravating, honestly! It was a thursday night when we came and we arrived around 9 and left at 12 am ish. I dont understand why and I may come back and hten again I maybe not. We shall see in the future cause we were treated horribly!Haifa is under new ownership and Haifa is now the definite "go to" place for Mediterranean cuisine. All aspects of our dinner there (group of 6) were superb:
1. The food was delicious -- I almost made the mistake of eating too much of the deliciously addictive hummus, and not leave room for the rest. The kabobs, especially lamb, are outstanding.
2. So, a restaurant MUST have great food but service is also important. We were greeted kindly, and serviced with attention the entire evening. Attentive but not intrusive.
3. The ambiance is truly inviting: comfortable, swanky, and spacious. The private dens add intrigue.
4. The Hookah selection is varied and plentiful. Even if you are not a hookah-fanatic, it is certainly something DIFFERENT to do.
5. The price was reasonable and with no hassle parking.
Just go and experience for yourself!!!RACIST!!!!!!! Do not support this establishment. We went on a Friday and ordered one hookah for 15 and service was ok. It was a party of 4 no issues. Come on a Saturday and they are racially profiling customers. Seating who they want to seat. They tell us as a party of 5 we need to order at least 3 hookahs to sit. Then we meet some ppl there and they said they were ordering hookahs we could sit together, then he says no now you need to order minimum of 6 hookahs to sit and do you have the money. Because your tab will be 300-400 dollars. We are African American and they clearly don't want our business or could do without it. do not support this establishment !!!!Well, I was going to go in super hard on this place but it looks like many of the other reviews echoed my experience so I don't need to write quite as much lol.
My experience was similar to the others. We only had drinks and a hookah. We asked for a premium long island and a rum punch. What we got was something that looked like a long island but tasted like straight up Minute Maid Lemonade on the rocks with a squirt of Coke - I mean no taste of alcohol at all. The rum punch tasted like literally that - some rum with store brand fruit punch poured in it. We had to track the waitress down to tell her about the drinks because I wasn't paying for a premium drink if I didn't get one, and she just ran off a list of what was supposed to be put in it. Then she said she would see what she could do about it. About 15-17 minutes later she came back, got the glass of watered down long island, and then came back another 10 minutes later with the drink and asked me to try it. It tasted more like a long island now so I was ok with it, and the waitress didn't really give us much attitude so this is the only reason I gave this place 2 stars instead of one. However, it took about 30 minutes to rectify this and the waitress attended other tables (some more than once) during that time so it clearly didn't seem to be a priority for her to please disappointed customers, and they didn't even do anything about the rum punch. Oh, and the best part of this is that they technically don't have a "premium" long island - I was charged $9 for a long island plus $6 for the shots of Patron and whatever else they put in it to make it somewhat right. Meaning I ended up paying $15 for this watered down fiasco smh. Oh yeah - we were also charged 18% gratuity on top of this, for two people. Not sure what the norm is in New Orleans as I am from Atlanta, and I don't mind paying for good service, but I thought it was unfair in this case to be forced to pay a high gratuity after receiving such subpar service. Be sure to keep that in mind when you go here.
The other reviews echo this lackadaisical attitude among the waitresses so don't be surprised if you experience the same thing. I saw mostly waters on the other tables so maybe people who frequent the establishment are aware of the poor drinks that Haifa serves. Therefore, if you're looking for good, strong drinks, DO NOT go here. I'm in my late 30's and this crowd is more of a college crowd (which can be expected for the area) so it's not quite a grown and sexy spot but the extremely casual atmosphere works if you just want a hookah.
The hookah was biting a little and wasn't the smoothest that I've had but the coal guy came by often and checked the coals so that was great. If you just want to sit back and chill with a hookah, then this place will do the job.Me and my best friend from high school and some of our family members came here to take their mind off of the loss of their family matriarch. Upon entering business the waitress with the blue hair refused to serve us after being seated. After waiting 21 minutes. We asked for another waiter/waitress and was disrespected for a second time. The waitress assumed we were there to purchase one hookah even though it was a total of 7 of us. We asked for the manager who was not helpful at all.  We left the restaurant and went to the hookah restaurant located on magazine. We were greeted with much better service at that location.Lame atmosphere. Rude & racist owner that doesn't train the staff at all. Slow service even though it's always empty. I see why now. Food taste like it's just been reheated and the hookahs are way too strong. I want to vibe not have a huge headache after the first go. It is definitely the worse hookah spot in the city.I wish I could give "0" stars but the least I can do is 1. I was hesitant to come here in the first place because the ratings averaged out at 2-stars but I decided to give it a try and form my own opinion... Should have listened to the reviews and saved my time. I sat for nearly 15 minutes and was already ready to leave and never return. I was there in a party of 4 but 2 of us weren't ordering hookahs. They said we had to order another one since there were 4 people, based on their 2/hookah policy BUT 2 of us weren't smoking!! I told the guy, whoever he was, not the server or manager, that I'd rather leave than to give them any business. As the guy proceeded to get the manager the dude delivering the hookahs and coals delivered the hookah (cool) but the confusing part is that he brought 4 tips... If only 2 people are allowed per hookah, why the 4-tips? -_- i'd rather you go to Hookah House on Magazine St. They have their issues too but not as bad as here.Had been looking forward to trying this restaurant for several weeks. Went with a friend early after opening one evening--we were the first guests but we were comfortable with that. Walked in to find all the tables and floor filthy. While my friend asked someone for a wet cloth to wipe down a table for us, I went to the restroom--also filthy and with the presence of little roaches. Having worked in a restaurant myself for years, this is not the way to open to guests. We did not stay--there are too many other delightful places in New Orleans.We visited during our visit to New Orleans. Food and hookah were great. But, shawrema sandwich was pretty small.Walked in to the hoohak place for the first time and have to say not very impressed at all.  It made me realize the hassle of driving and parking downtown is worth going to the other hoohak place in New Orleans (service way better)!  The owner was trying to tell every group that came in to get seated all different times ranging from 20minutes to 2 hrs, yet not taking names or know what order to sit people. He seemed to have entire staff all confused, having the hostess act as a waitress.   Hoohaks overall were alright definitely had better at Attikis... i would recommend "Bar Rescue" to help this place run smoother... understand it Mardi Gras but you should have your A-Game on during this time !!!!Great hookah spot. Good music and food. Nice chill spot. Danny provided great service.Haifa is my Cheers! Everyone knows my name! It's my favorite place! Awesome hookah and hospitality! Muhammad the manager, always takes care of us... They treat their regulars like family! Reasonably priced and good food! Keep up the good work! The food is consistently well prepared.Always open for second chances. 
My initial experience with Haifa mirrored what other reviewers have mentioned. In essence, the food was decent, hookah selection expansive, but the service left a lot to be desired. 
One salvageable aspect of the evening was my interaction with the manager after our group was charged $100 for breaking a hookah (my cousin tripped over the cord en route to the restroom). Upon explaining the difficulties we had had throughout the night with regards to the service, the manager (who came from another restaurant) divulged that there was a new team being trained and that changes would be made going forward. Ultimately, the manager eliminated the additional charges and discounted our bill. 
The next time I'm in the mood for mediterranean food or hookah, I will pay Haifa another visit. I'm hopeful my experience will be different this time around.So we went for my best friend's 21st birthday and long story short, we almost died! So first there was a fist fight right outside the establishment and right after that, there were gunshots outside so we wanted to run out(we obviously didn't want to die) and as were attempting to leave, one of the waitresses was like "you can't leave unless you pay" like I'm over here trying not to die and the waitresses cared more about the $...so then we tried going to the emergency exit(not to avoid paying but to avoid dying) and the door is padlocked...like what a massive safety hazard...my friends and I usually have had great experiences(ignoring the slow service) but I don't think we'll be back until they fix that door..I have never walked out of a restaurant before until today. We went there for a late lunch. We were seated by by someone whom i thought to be the hostess. She mentioned that our server would be by shortly. After ten minutes of waiting and no one waiting on us, we got the same persons attention. She apologized profusely. She then took our order. It took another ten minutes to get a coke, tea and water. I had also ordered a mixed drink and she told us that that was coming soon. After another ten minutes I got up from my seat and went into the bar and asked very nicely if i could get my mixed drink. Five minutes later it showed up. We received our order of humus with out any bread. Then, this is crazy, we saw the person who was waiting on us get into a car and leave! We sat for another ten minutes and decided we had had enough. I went into the bar area to pay for the few drinks we did get and the staff apologized again. It's great to say sorry but if you not doing anything to alleviate the issue, it is shallow gesture. We will probably will never go here again because of such horrendous service, which is disappointing because we live quite close and were excited to have such a nice place to eat.We were greeted very well and the staff really made sure we were good since we were newbies. The chick that took our order you can tell was high as a kite but other than that, the experience was legit!Moving from Atlanta, GA (where there's an abundance of hookah lounges) to New Orleans (not so many), I'm so glad I found this place! The service is good & the hookah is fantastic and not overpriced. The drinks & food are typically good. This has become my favorite place to just chill after a very long week while still getting to experience the New Orleans liveliness without the craziness you get at other places in the city.When we got there , we were sat at a table that a customer was just complaining about because it was too cold but she sat us there anyways , chairs were being taken from our table and being pushed back in . the guy that came and replaced our coals literally almost burned me . On a better note , the hookah was very smooth and the mozzarella sticks were some of the best i've ever had .The place was very nice and much fancier then the hookah bars around. Not sure why the reviews aren't that great but their hookah is great and drinks are not bad. Didn't try the food but t sure looked bomb.Smoked Hookah with friends Moscow Mules were great and the whole vibe of the place is. Mauricio is also an angel kept rounds of coals coming.One of the worst customer service experiences I've ever had! I didn't check yelp before I came to this place like I usually do and boy am I kicking myself for that. To start off, the servers are very rude and inattentive. We waited almost an hour to get the cup of tea we ordered and our cappuccinos weren't hot. We were told that it was because they were busy but there were only a few tables of people. We told the guy that our hookah wasn't pulling and he said we had to wait for the coals to warm up..we sat at our table watching the tables around us getting served but after an hour and a half she didn't check on us once. We asked to speak to the manager and the guy changing the coals came over laughing and said he'd take care of what happened with us, but wouldn't even listen to what we had to say. He kept talking over us. The bathroom was nasty and had no toilet paper. Terrible service all around. I would not patronize this business.My Husband and I had a great experience. We went on Saturday Night, April 20 . It was chilled and the vibe was good . The Hostess Hailey was great. She greeted us immediately with a smile. Our Server Logan was amazing and was excellent. DJ was great as well . Food was good .Thank you all so much.I did not enjoy myself here the music wasn't that good and they kept having problems. They didn't have plates,they were missing a lot of their menu items and they weren't serving drinks.