Don't take this review lightly... Best burger in the city. Hidden gem.  Don't listen to the Port o Call hype.  Half Moon Burger.  Donions.They don't even deserve one star. They charge for ketchup,hot sauce packets, and all condiments they don't tell you either they forget half your order then complain about correcting it. avoid if you can food is bad comes cold and they have overall bad service highly disappointing and they'll tell you because they have to pay for condiments they mind as well up charge for what should come with your meal.This is great place with fair prices and skeeball! The staff rules. Check out the huge patio with beautiful art. Open late for all your uptown dranking needs.First the good thing about this rat hole. The bartenders are friendly and attentive.
  I have only lived in NOLA for 5 years so obviously I have not been to every bar. That being said this is without a doubt the FILTHIEST bar I have ever been to, ever. The first time I went was after dark, it was glaringly obvious how dirty it was. The lights over the pool tables had a quarter inch of dust on them. The walls are covered with all manner of filth. The ashtrays as a rule are emptied by patrons, and all empty drinks are disposed of by patrons as well(anywhere other than at the bar). There is no hand chalk, there is no chalk for your stick. Dirt under the ski ball tables is an inch thick. Towards the back of the bar is a water cooler I wouldn't let a dog drink from. Any table or counter surface is as sticky as fly paper. I work construction and am used to dirty environments but this is ridiculous!  If you really want a fright check this place out in the daylight hours, great googly moogly!!!!
  They actually serve food here, holy shit.My mouth watered when I read about the half pound burgers; delivery took about 15 minutes longer than we were quoted, so I was starving when it finally arrived.  I popped open the box and.... ugh... found a perfectly circular patty of uniform thickness.  The fries had been frozen too.  Not what I expected after reading about "great bar food". 
I hear they have skee ball, so I might bump them up a star or two if I ever make it out there.Half Moon is an Uptown standard.  Dollar Rolling Rocks sunday nights.  The bartenders are good folk, and the pool tables are decent.  This is usually a good spot to get drunk with friends without having too many expectations.  If you get too tipsy, walk over to Moonlight Cafe and fill your stomach.I'm really shocked to see the negative comments about the food here. I placed a delivery order around 1:15 this morning. I felt bad for ordering so close to the closing time, but the guy on the phone politely told me that it was no issue, that they take delivery orders until 1:50 am. I ordered buffalo wings and my girlfriend ordered a burger. He told me it'd be 45 mins to an hour, which is to be expected. Not only did the food arrive in exactly 45 minutes (which is amazing considering that I live in the riverbend/Carrollton area), it was hot upon arrival. The delivery guy was very nice despite the time. Not to mention that the food was DELICIOUS. Nothing seemed to be frozen or microwaved to me, as past reviews have said. I'm grateful for the day I found this menu on my porch. Will definitely be ordering again!This is a pretty great "dive" bar. The drink specials are decent, the bartenders have always been good to us, and the food is some of the best bar food you can get anywhere! How many bars can you go to, especially "blue collar" bars, where you could get a salad with blue cheese and grilled salmon? And it's good! The buffalo blue cheese appetizers are not nearly as good as they sound... basically dry, fried chicken balls with a jalapeno and a little cheese. Everything else I've had has been great though. The hummus is what got us hooked on this place! 
And they definitely have $2 blue moon drafts one night... maybe tuesdays? Awesome. Never super crowded, even during mardi gras.I used to come here after work. I don't think I'll be coming back. There no meat on the sandwich. I saw some guy roaming around there the other night, bossing people around then I got this sandwich, nothing between the grocery store grade bread. This place is going down the tubes. It's too bad because the workers in the kitchen are good. If someone in philly got this sandwich the only the thing the owner would get is a fat lip sandwich, not a so so review on yelp.My server at Juan's Flying Burrito suggested this place for nightcap.  Over the course of my trip, I learned that the bar and the restaurant are separate entities, so this will be a 2 for 1 review.  The bar:  Mark the bartender is an incredible person.  He is friendly, great at his job, attentive to all of his customers, and just a laid back person who makes you want to end your day at the Half Moon.  The locals are friendly, and will strike up any type of conversation with you.  There's ski ball, lottery machines, music box, pool tables,, booths, couches, and tables arranged all around this large building.  They even have a patio in the back where you can bring your dog through the doggie door.  Con:  the ladies working behind the bar weren't as personable to the tourist.  I had gone a few times without getting my drink refilled because of the cattiness going on at the end of the bar.  Also, my last night there a rather large cockroach was climbing up and down the wall behind the bar.  Grill/Restaurant:  The staff was very friendly, helpful, and courtesy to all their customers - especially Lauren and Carl.  The food portions were decent size but I feel that the shrimp Po Boy was lacking shrimp.  I could taste more bread then shrimp for the $12 meal.  I tried the Vegetarian Burger - per the suggestion of 2 employees - and it had a unique after taste.  The side salad was great and so were the cheesy fries.  I did have an issue with the cook not wearing gloves while cooking; include mixing the salad with his bare hands.  He also wasn't wearing a hairnet to cover his long hair, but he did have it pulled back in a ponytail.  I thought it was great to see the owner of the business assisting the one cook in the kitchen, when orders got backed up.Used to be the best bar in NOLA.  Was the local's own dive bar and had the most diverse, interesting patrons you could find anywhere. But the neighborhood changed, prices went up and the clientele exists of annoying hipsters and kids from the mid-west trying to reinvent themselves in the now trending Lower Garden Dist.  It's still a great location to have a couple of beers on your way to or from dountown....great location and the bartenders are consistent. But it really lost it's character.... It's no longer a local dive bar featuring ridiculous drink specials and intertatning regulars.  It'snow a hang out for the in-crowd before going to their final destination.  I guess my main complaint is it's somewhere between a dirty somewhat run down dive bar and a place trying to cater to the cool in-crowd.....who brought up the prices.....but the bar is still dirty and a bit run -down despite massive upgrades.   If I want to drink in a run down dive...then I want to pay for cheap beer.  The prices are too high.  Down the hatch across the st at least has good deals....
But  If you are into annoying self proclaimed visionaries and where everyone claims to be an artist/musician or works in a non-profit and will tell you how they are going to save New Orleans (and the world) this is the place for you!I regularly order from this restaurant. I have been in the service industry for many years. My credentials include being trained in service at The Walt Disney World resort in Orlando, FL. I won't drag on my story for too long, but their management sucks. I ordered a southern philly via delivery and because of my job I received a discount. My sandwich was made wrong and when I called to ask them to replace the sandwich, the manager said he could not because I had received a discount. I then asked him for my money back and he said  he could not do that either. He then said he did me a favor by giving me a discount. Like my business didn't matter because I am in the same industry as he is. Like I should accept poor service or my meal being made wrong (again). Or like I don't recommend restaurants to the several guests that I come into contact with. What kind of service is this? He even had the nerve to get an attitude with me.  The manager is a pompous asshole and I will NEVER order from  them again nor will I send anyone to them.Good neighborhood bar. Good drink specials. I think I've had the same bartender every time I have happened to stop in there for a drink over the last 8 years or so. Nice guy. The only thing I dont like about this bar is that, in true New Orleans fashion the doors are always open and it doesnt seem to have great (if any) air conditioning. As a local it probably isnt something I should complain about, but I've become spoiled in other places.A dog friendly bar with a friendly staff and tasty counter service styled food.   Very local, very laid back, very cool!The food is good, but Half Moon keeps on letting me down. Drove all the way over for pick-up, got home and realized that I was missing something. Unfortunately, not the first time this has happened--I should have learned my lesson and checked before I left. I hate to say it, but I think that's too many strikes. I won't be back.Anywhere that has decent trivia in NOLA gets 3/5 stars automatically. Half Moon earns the extra star for $2.50 Shiner on Wednesday, decent prices for mixed drinks, and really good food. The cheese fries are delicious, and the menu boasts pita and hummus (what other dive bar in NOLA has this?! probably none), sandwiches, and other treats. It's loud and dark, but there's plenty of room to sit, or play darts or pool. 
I absolutely refuse to give Half Moon 5/5 stars because of the disgusting film of smoke that clings to my clothing every time that I leave the bar. EW. NOLA is a pretty smoky place in general, but Half Moon might be the smokiest bar in the city.I came in the afternoon.  A Tuesday.  
3 or 4 others in there. It's a kind of divey place. Darts, couches, pool table. 
Beer price is good, and they're cold. Probably could have had some sports on ANY of the 4 tvs in front instead of movies and a cooking show, but I digress. Bartender was kind of preoccupied with a regular on the side of the bar. Phone use instructions,  lol. 
It's one of those places where the food side is separate from the bar side, so the bartender doesn't take your order, you go in the back and order, then go pick it up when it's ready. It's not the first bar I've run into like that, and I don't know what the purpose is, but it's inconvenient. 
I asked the bartender what the food was like, and her response did not inspire confidence.  It was,   " it's ok, you know bar food. "
So I went to the back and looked at the menu and asked the guy what was the best thing on the menu. He said "everything ". Again, not a great response. I asked if the chili was homemade or canned. He said it was canned. At least he was honest. He told me the northern Philly was good, but I pictured thin frozen slabs of pseudo beef. I didn't order. 
I'm giving 3 stars Cuz I just had a couple of beers, they were cold and cheap. I could see me going back late one night for a few.Just ordered delivery but our food was here in half the time promised, the driver was super nice, and the burgers were delicious!Great juke and Great Happy hour specials..... Perfect place to start the night's drinking.This is a fantastic dive bar where locals hangout. They used to be dog friendly which was great for trips to the dog park in Coliseum Square - stop in with the pup, grab a beer and go. Now there's a "no dogs allowed" policy. What a shame. Even so, The Half Moon still gets 5 stars in my book because the health inspector forced this new bogus rule upon them; and that my friends is how you know a New Orleans bar is authentic. Fuck the rules. 
I don't go very often anymore (I no longer live stumbling distance) but every time I'm in the neighborhood I stop in for a cold one.When I lived in New Orleans, this was one of the few places that I frequented often for 3am drinking/pool playing. Extremely cheap drinks and in a pretty cool area. Many a drunken bike ride home...One of my favorite spots to grab a bite, especially late night.  Great food.  There really is something for everyone on their menu.  The burgers are great, the sandwiches are huge and delicious, especially the philly.  If you are eating in, the wait is never long, plus... they offer late night delivery.
They are located inside the Half Moon Bar.  The bar is a favorite of mine too.  They have lots of TVs, pool tables, darts, games, skee ball, internet jukebox, plenty of chairs and tables, and even a few couches.  Its a great place to watch a game or just hangout and when you add the option for a meal from the grill in the back, you just can't beat it!Ok, I'll admit it.  I am now totally biased into thinking that the Half Moon is an awesome place, because I fell for my boyfriend over a game of Scrabble on the patio.
Personal life aside, this is a nifty little dive.  Granted, it's not the best place for a girl to go by herself, but if you are with a group or a guy, then don't hesitate.  They have a juke box full of great music, you can play different board games here and the bartenders are really nice.Food was awful greasy bar garbage. Bartenders were rude. Put $20 in the jukebox only for them to skip every song. Bathrooms were flooded & out of order. Someone needs to learn to manage this place better or at least get workers that can do more than open a beer. Up side: Skeeball was awesome (the on that works) Bingo was awesome.After months of spamming us with menus on our front door we decided to order takeout from this place since we were too busy to cook.  We ordered the Philly Cheesesteak and the Shrimp Poboy.  Delivery took 45 minutes which matched the estimate they gave us.  I wasn't expecting the greatest Shrimp Poboy in New Orleans, and it wasn't.  It was more of a Shrimp Hoagie.  The Philly Cheesesteak was much better.  The portions are generous though so I didn't feel gypped.  They did forget to deliver a side salad we ordered.  Also, they only gave us a dozen fries.  Usually restaurants give way too many fries.  I would order food again if I was there drinking but never takeout.This bar is looking less appealing every time I show up. One the food is consistently getting worse, the management is so inconsistent that they can't figure out whether dogs are allowed in back patio or not, and really getting filthy and run down with the army of cockroaches. I can't believe I'm going to say this but I'd rather go to down the hatch across the street. Don't waste your time or money here.Many an afternoon I spent at Half Moon as a young man, and now as a less young man I go and spend fewer afternoons - more like the rare evening when the kids are alseep and I want to shoot some cheap pool, drink Red Stripe, and listen to Queen.
The everyman's bar in the Lower Garden.  And the just blew out the back wall for more pool.I give this place 5 stars for having possibly the only Redwood tree within 100 square miles. No minor accomplishment.  How did they keep is alive in this heat?Great neighborhood dive bar.  I've watched patrons pass put and fall of their bar stool and watch the bartender help them back up and dust then off.  Good pool tables, low key and laid backGreat food!!!  Try the Catfish PoBoy!!!  Hey they deliver, too.Chill bar. Skeeball and pool tables. Solid music on the juke box. GREAT bartender, Jared, who gave us some awesome advice on what to see and where to go while in New Orleans. Thanks Jared!I don't know if it was just a bad bartender or a policy change, but within 5sec of walking in with my well behaved dog, I was yelled at by the bartender to get my dog out. This bar is NOT dog-friendly anymore.HORRIBLE!!!!!! Horrible service!!! And cold food!!,The waitress I think her name was Paula, she was horrible, nasty attitude and just impatient!! My food was Cold by the time it was delivered. I ordered at 7:18 and decided since she was mean I'd pick it up, so it was no longer a delivery order; however, I called back at 7:25 for delivery again because I couldn't leave work!!! I didn't receive my food till 9:30 :((!!! I ordered spinach artichoke   dip with chips(they sent pita), loaded fries and a shrimp po-boy dressed no tomatoes. I waited till I got off from work at 10:30 to bring it back. The manager/owner just got the order recooked and didn't give me my dip!!!My favorite late night after drinking spot to eat.  The chicken cheese steak with jalapenos is consistently yummmy and I am always impressed with the quality of the bread.  Also a fan of bingo on Sundays.I love the bar food at Half Moon. Yummm.
This is where my friends and I went after we went and saw Kanye and Jay-Z the weekend before last. I ordered a spicy cajun burger and it was on point (I was also really starving, but I really did enjoy the burger). I didn't really care for the fries. Maybe there were too many of them?
Then last weekend, a friend ordered a grilled chicken salad and oh. em. gee. that salad was a beast! And I don't even care for salads. Next time I go to Half Moon, I am definitely getting this salad. Oh and the jalapeno poppers are delicious, as well. :)
Beware if you decide to order fries. It's not gonna be a little container of fries. It will be a meal.I used to order food for pick up over the phone.  They have not answered their phone in almost a year.  I think their kitchen was closed at one point for a bit.  Is it still closed?  I don't even know. They never answer their phone.  Someone please tell me what is happening to the half moon kitchen.Kudos to n establishment that will go out of their way to accommodate "last minute" patrons looking to watch a game and spend money. Great bartenders / prices and atmosphere!god the dressed fries are so good, perfect drunk munchies. 
Very large open space with pool tables and plenty of places to sit. Just a generally good spot to come drink.Jenga beer game: pull from the bottom 1/3 and drink for 2 seconds. Pull from the middle and drink for 4, pull from the top and drink for 6. Enjoy.
Never thought I'd be able to say I would PLAN to eat dinner at a divey, game filled bar... not even for happy hour or even late night munchies. Options and quality combined usually set me up for a hangover worse than the day after your 21st. However, Half Moon has a delicious veggie burger that's big enough to share and of course their potato wedge like fries are an excellent addition to the table. I highly recommend stopping in after work with friends to watch a match (on TV or a nearby table) or play your own version of an assortment of board games. They also have Wednesday trivia! May the most knowledgeable on random material win!I was walking the neighborhood around my hostel and found hardly anything open! and it was only 6pm! we found this place lured in by the $2 Blue Moon special! There was a game room and even saw an old school cigarette machine! Downed the Blue Moons while watching Monday Night Football.Burgers were good, fries were terrible, and when I got back to work to account for my receipts I noticed that they overcharged me for what I ordered. I guess you can't really expect much from a run down sleazy joint like this one. Burgers were good though.It's alright! Not too bad but also not too great. So let's start with the beer selection. Not too much to choose from on tap. But Abita Amber or PBR are guaranteed to get you drink none the less. On to the food. Not so great, but does the job at 1-2am when you got the munchies. Lastly, the place. Inside is nice, the front gets a bit crowded and attracts a ton of drunk not so brilliant people, and the back patio is a great space but management isn't too friendly with dogs which is kind of a bust.Goto spot to enjoy beverages. All the staff is amazing, if you have a problem chances you are itGreat place to watch Saints games and have some bar food from the kitchen in the back! Friendly staff and great crowd!!"Home away from Home" Simply put it's like "Cheers" Great drink special , friendly atmosphere, outstanding food , skee ball etc ... What more could you ask for?? Best bartender in Nola, Leslie all in one spot... Would recommend this place to anyone you're not going to want to leave !!! Make sure you ask for Lesli,   she will make you feel at home!!!Bloody Mary on the left & vodka & tonic on the right. Caught em on a Friday at 6:20. Minimum credit card is $10. I was checking out I asked how much? Bartender said $5. I said for the Bloody Mary? She said no total. I said gimme another Bloody Mary! Lmao. I put on a free clinic downed the Bloody Mary and got my 2nd. Tipped well. Ya know. There is plenty of value there on a Friday if you are thirsty. Ima give it a 4 outta 5 because you can always improve - or so I was told as a child.Cheap drinks and cheap food. They have a lot of space in here to hang out from beat up couches to small tables and a full bar. They have skeeball in the back, pool tables, and darts for you bar game folk. The food is below average bar food though.I've been to Half Moon on several occasions to drink.  One time they were not serving food off their menu but had free crawfish corn chowder.  It was divine!  
I love the atmosphere except for the smoke.  I moved to NoLA from Baltimore and am still getting used to people smoking in bars.  There is a cool outdoor courtyard for when the weather is nice.
I came here recently after a beer festival and had an awesome sammwich - the chicken philly with the addition of jalapenos.  I would come back just for the sandwich alone.I order from here probably once a week when my SO is at work and I am never disappointed.  The food is good, they are quick to deliver and everything is always hot.  The jalapeño poppers are to die for along with their onion rings and large burgers!  If you are looking for something inexpensive and quick but filling I say look no further!Half Moon. Late night skeeball tournaments with my buds. Yes! I am not a huge fan of the bar at Half Moon, although the bartenders have always taken good care of me. It's the crowd that gets me wonky. The front is always full of an interesting crowd; some sort of combination of preps and sleezy sketchtoids. I'm not digging on them much. I'll order my drink and head to the back room, where the Wonderful World of Skeeball awaits!! If the universe is against me and someone is playing, I will play pool or head to the back patio with the crew. 
Yes, there is a back patio that you get to by heading in the direction of the restrooms. It is a nice space, but weird to get into. It doesn't help that you have to push through big ole plastic strips that make you feel like you're headed to a walk-in freezer or car wash. Anyway, smoky dive bar atmosphere for the most part, but I enjoy games with the good times.This place is an awesome dive bar. The only reason it's not five stars is because the smoke was so damn thick in here. However, lots of cool stuff going on...
* dog-friendly
* friendly service
* pool tables
* air hockey
*darts
* SKEE BALL DRINKING LEAGUE!!!
Also, there is a restaurant attached and they make some damn good Philly Cheesesteak sandwiches. Not the standard kind but apparently there's a version with jalapenos and oh man... the meat is tender, the cheese is almost a gooey sauce that combines all the meat and turns it into this wonderful creamy mess. And finally, the bite of the jalapenos. Wonderful.
Also, drinks were on the house. Nice folks.
Cheers!- skee ball (what?) 
- a stack of board games you can bring to any of the dozens of tables (indoors, on the patio, or in the front) 
- PET FRIENDLY (Marielle mentioned in her review she fell for a boy there, I did as well, but for me it was an 85lb pit named 'Frank the Tank' I met while sitting out front. He seemed to be quite the local celebrity and I spent hours discussing pet charities with some of the patrons and bartender, this makes me really happy) 
- Super friendly bartenders and patrons 
- lots of tattoos, everywhere, this makes me happy! I even met a dude sitting at the bar who's shop I want to do my tattoo 
- lots of Pearl Jam playing (I would probably stay in a bar if it was on fire for this reason alone) 
- CNN on the tv (I'm embarrassed to admit that, but I like to multitask, keep updated on world events while getting wasted) 
- skee ball (I just want to reiterate they had skee ball in their game room) 
A friend suggested we come in here on a weekday afternoon, to be honest I was less than interested, but am so in love with this place now! Just a great, chill, total anyone is welcome, dive bar. Seriously, there was such a diverse crowd, it really was a blast. 
The bar food was bar food you know? The hummus was delicious but the nachos could've been purchased at a gas station for $5.00 less. Still this bar is so worth returning to!They deliver until 2am they deserve 5 stars for that. But the food never disappoints. My picky orders are no problem. Have always spoken with nice people. Never actually been there but have ordered delivery over a dozen timesI've only been here once, but I really liked it. It kinda reminded me of Ms. Mae's for some reason (a very mixed crowd of people-old, young, college-types, young professionals, etc). They have a courtyard if you want to take your drinks outside, and they also have skee ball! Overall, it's a great place to hang out with friends.Wow!!  Where to begin. This is only a review of the food. I have lived down the road from this bar for 7 years. Occassionally, we have ordered food from them. I distinctly remember them having decent burgers, great steak fries topped with gooey melted cheese, and a great chili. Tonight, they delivered what i am pretty sure were frozen hamburger patties (they forgot the bacon), about 20 french fries glued together with hard crappy cheese and a small container of  what was, at best, warmed up wolf brand chili. I paid $40 for this platter of crap. It annoyed me so much that I am writing my first ever Yelp review. I called the place to complain and learned that they have been under new ownership for a while. Listen up new owners...figure out the menu!!  If you cannot, for the love of god, dont serve this awful crap to unsuspecting customers!  How dare you!!Probably one of the largest dive bar I've been to. Very fun atmosphere with lots of activities (pool, darts, etc). Smokey. Food out of the kitchen is pretty solid for a bar.Great delivery! Veggie chili is always good and the hummus portion is huge. Delivery can be really slow and have cold fries but they deliver late!Well, I have 23 check ins. Not to mention the times I didn't check in. Obviously, this is my favorite friendly neighborhood bar! Mark (bartender) & good company keeps me coming back, along with the jukebox & good speakers that get me on my dancing feet, despite the absence of a dance floor. But every floor is a dance floor, right?!?! Anyway, it's my preferred bar. I must also mention the kitchen in the back. They have delicious burgers that seriously hit the spot. Js!Another great bar not in the Quarter. Enjoy an Abita here, a new favorite for me :D
 Great Jukebox, Great pool tables and Dog friendly. It's always funny to see Rolling Rock outside of Pennsytucky as it tastes like bad corn half the time, damn green bottles.Pretty cool spot,  drinks are average priced but very strong. The space is spacious and not as dive-y  as you'd initially think. Overall it was fun.  I'll be backI was uptown and didn't feel like going out so we ordered take out from Half Moon. Delivery was quick and everything arrived fresh and still really hot. We had an order of hummus, a philly cheese steak and a burger. The hummus was fresh and delicious and served with slices of cucumber, onion, tomato and pita. The philly was huge and really surprised me because it was just what I was craving. The bread they use for the philly is thick and they didn't skimp on the fillings at all. There was a great mixture of grilled steak, onions, peppers and mushrooms.  I ordered extra cheese and I'm glad I did because it held everything together perfectly. It's really a huge sandwich!! I didn't try the burger but it looked good and was definitely a two hand operation. All in all, I will happily order again!!! They're open and deliver food till 2am, gotta love that.My kind of place.  Good bar, great food, late night delivery available.  Can't beat that!I realize this is first and foremost a bar and not a restaurant. But even for bar food- this was disgusting and expensive. Our food was clearly from the freezer straight to the microwave. Definitely do not recommend the food, but the bar could be totally worth it- I don't know.Hmm I'm torn. I really want to give them three stars because of the spinach and artichoke dip with pita. We've ordered delivery from them about 5 times now. Here's a couple's review. He ate the shrimp platter (from appetizers menu) and also the bbq chicken sandwich. The shrimp platter is way overpriced for both quality and quantity. I understand it's part of the appetizer menu but geez hardly any shrimp and barely any fries like maybe 8oz of fries, maybe. Ive tried the bbq chicken sandwich, spinach dip, hummus and pita, chocolate seduction cake, vegetarian chili, and regular chili. The bbq chicken sandwich is a 12in and loaded with chopped grill chicken breasts. There was bacon in mine, I think the hostess misunderstood when I said to add extra bacon to his bacon cheese burger. And I ended up with bacon on mine as well. Lucky her because though I don't like pork it was yummy. So try the bbq chicken with or without bacon I feel it came with too little of fries. But enough to keep my taste buds comfortable. The spinach dip was yummy-very cheesy and rich. The pita was delicious too. The hummus taste good. The veggies that came with the hummus were fresh. The soda cans are over priced in my opinion. The vegetarian chili was ok no serious let downs it was my first time having vege chili so I can't compare. THE 'REGULAR CHILI' WAS TERRIBLE. It tastes like canned chili, Hormel brand to be exact. I couldnt stomach it. The cake was chocolate so I'm good there. But if you want a serious slice of chocolate cake for only a buck more,actually I think it's the same price, go to Hoshun. Huge slice of cake. We've never dined in. Only delivery, which the drivers delivered in the promised amount of time. And were kind.I ended up at Half Moon towards the end of a whirlwind bar tour. Having never been here before, I didn't know what to expect. I had only driven by during the day, and you can never get a feel for a bar when it is light out.
Others have described this as a dive, but I didn't get that vibe. It could have been that it was very late and the place was kind of dead. There were no pool players and only a few people at the bar.
There was a divey moment where two customers started an impromptu dance/argument, but it ended amicably. 
The bar seemed too well lit to be a dive, but we did drink high life. I guess I am 50/50 on the dive bar/neighborhood bar ratio. I think I will require further study before making a final determination.
In summary, high life was reasonable, fairly well lit and may be a dive.The delivery was fast. Customer service a plus taking order via telephone and the delivery guy was pleasant. And who can forget the food. Awesome!!!! The right kind of food at a reasonable price and the hours work specifically for the late owls.A great way to spend a low key Friday night with friends. It's usually not the best idea to be tipsy and competitive with darts in your hands, but it's all in good fun, right?
We started the night off with a game of Scattergories (go ask at the bar!), moved on to darts, found our way into air hockey, thought it'd be cool to shoot some pool, missed out on the skee-ball, but indeed enjoyed all of our tomfoolery. It seems like I haven't enjoyed my time with classic games like these in years, so it was definitely a nice change of pace. 
Sounds like I missed out on some good bar food though-- so I'll be back to eat, drink, and play again.Great bar to head to when you're looking to have some brewskies and shoot some pool.Absolutely my favorite Bar in NOLA. It would also top my favorite Dive Bar list as well. Good, cheap drinks and a jukebox which plays Willie Nelson's Whiskey River and Johnny Cash's Ghostriders in the Sky. What more could a girl like me ask for? Well maybe I would prefer it if the weird old man occupying the stool next to me was less chatty...but undoubtedly, a new one will quickly replace him - they always do.
Half Moon has a large outdoor patio, skeeball and pool tables. Its not that bright inside which I love, because when I am in a dive, a lot of light just kills that vibe. Half Moon is also a great place to watch games with your friends - and I don't know if they still do it - but they used to have trivia on some nights as well. I can't remember much about the food other than an in house bar kitchen that makes hot food is a beautiful thing when you've been drinking.Love this place. Great location, good crowd, fun atmosphere, AMAZING food. Fun place to go watch games, or just chill and have a few drinks. They also deliver, which I love.This a smoky bar that serves up good drinks. Any bar that allows smoking while serving food automatically gets down graded. if they did either one separately, it would be 4 stars for the bar, and 5 stars for the kitchen.  They have a daily drink special, so check out the chalkboard. They have a good kitchen that serves up great food. My current fav is the Northern Philly. The bread is a little crunchier than your usual french bread, but it does the job well of soaking up the juices from the meat, and won't fall apart on you. 
The bar also hosts a weekly trivia night that I haven't been to in years, so I can't really tell you more about it.Indeed, A-OK. 
The bar is one I can come back to. Pool, skee ball, pretty decent music and not terrible bathrooms. The drinks weren't spectacular, but they were cheap. Which is what matters when you're broke.My wife and I ordered in at the hotel again and were not disappointed.  She had the vegetarian burger and found it absolutely outstanding -- with the zesty addition of jalapeños!  I had the mushroom Swiss burger and it was dynamite!  The house salad with raspberry vinaigrette was zesty and delicious.  We loved the food so much that we just had to call em back to say way to go!This is an interesting dive bar with a more interesting and bit of a rougher around the edges crowd.  There are always some interesting characters in here and they always seem to have some good prices on drinks.  They also have an interesting patio in the back that seems to be rarely used (at least at night).  They have started doing food with a good sized menu and the kitchen stays open til 2am.  I've only eaten the burger and fries so far which are decent but not great with the fries being the better experience.  There are several types of games and pool tables that usually seem to be engaged by some really serious pool players that will get very grumpy if you get in their way.  The biggest negative here is the sheer number of smokers that seem to always be in this bar.  If possible I think Half Moon probably gets smokier than Rendezvous and often even the bartender is smoking.  The bartenders have always been very quick and efficient with their service and this bar has seemed to have gotten much more popular since Katrina.I love that this place is dog-friendly!  They have no problem with you having your dog inside.  My dog is a little skittish in new places but she settled very quickly.Lots of games (skee ball!)  Good juke box.  Good service.  The gaming area was a little too well-lit for me...This is my neighborhood bar, and since a friend of mine also lives less than a block away, I've been finding my drunk ass sitting at the bar pretty often as of late. I like the staff, and the people who frequent Half Moon seem pretty cool, as well. Granted, I've only met a couple of new people there, since when I'm drinking I'm drinking, not socializing. Trivia night on Wednesday is a huge positive, in my book. I haven't checked out much of the bar - I don't play pool or darts, so haven't really bothered to check out the gaming area at the back of the bar. However, after reading in the reviews that there's skeeball, I'm more inclined to go check it out. The only negatives I can dredge up so far are that the bar's pretty smoky and the food's not that good, but it's a dive bar, not a restaurant, so I'm cool with that.Had a couple beers here in Black Friday- watched football. This place has incredible ambiance if you are looking for nostalgic New Orleans! Love all the interior brick walls! Priced right too!Great bar food, you can bring your dog and play air hockey, usually a $2.00 or cheaper beer special... always good people. I'm down.Review for food delivery only:
$15 bucks for a terrible frozen fucking patty burger and shitty fries.  Never again.