Best service and best sushi at a great price. Kat su Dan is a secret gem on the menu!!Service was decent-good. Food was ok too. The fish did not seem too fresh. Their spicy mayo seems to be like 90% mayo, 10% spicy, explaining the paleness to its color. The snow crab they put in all their dishes do not have a good balance between crab meat and mayo. Again, more on the mayo side. If you really love mayo, you'd love the sushi here. It was too much to my preference, but it wasn't bad at all.Hana is second-tier sushi, but the staff is friendly and the food is really good.  Try the Caterpillar Roll for a fun treat.  Excellent miso.Small sushi restaurant off Carrollton. Large rolls with average price for sushi. Service was fast. I would definitely go again.All these fools be hatin' on my Hana!
Okay, it's true what they say.  Hana is not some artisan sushi place, with progressive flavors and dynamic presentation.  
It's the little sushi stop around the corner.  Basic rolls are tasty, the fish is pretty fresh (this is one of my favorite places for a salmon avocado roll in the city), and oh yea- it's hella cheap!* 
*for sushi 
Now, regarding the noodle salad- have you ever heard the term "Japanese mayonnaise"?  That's what i was told goes on the noodles to make a cold bowl of noodle salad.  It's much better if you get the squid to top it off.  Their seaweed salad is also pretty good, although like much of Hana's fare, it's bare bones compared to what you find served up in presentation and preparation in the rest of the city. 
Hana is, ultimately, comfort food.  Which is odd to say of a sushi place, i suppose.  But when I'm having a rough day, all i need is a good book and a crunchy roll to make everything better. 
Oh, and a Ramune- you know, a "marble soda" as they call it in Colorado.  It's a Japanese soda which comes in a fun bottle and often tastes of bubblegum sprite.  It's intended as a drink for children, but since i do possess some of the taste buds of a 6 year old, I seek this drink out like meth in a trailer park.  
Nancy, the manager, is an amazing lady.  she'll get to know you first by order, then by name. Once, I came in when I sprained my back, and she gave me a giant paper goose for good luck.  
This is the kind of service here.  
It's like a down-home dinner community, but in a sushi restaurant.  
And it's been judged too harshly here.  4 stars, to balance out the reviews.This is my go-to sushi spot. They give you free little noodle after you order, delice and different from anywhere else. I've had almost every roll but my favorites are the Tuna and tuna and No name. Fast service, friendly (but don't talk really) but very kind. Top sushi place in my book!I LOVE Hana!  Whenever I go there, I feel like I'm in an exclusive Sushi cafe.  I always get a booth and the wait staff is always attentive. It does help if you go in already familiar with sushi, because their menu can be a little confusing.  My favorite is the salmon sashimi and tuna rolls.  Food is very well priced and the atmosphere is great.  My favorite sushi place in the city!The food, other than the sushi, is very good here. Vegetable tempura app was tasty and came as a large serving. My husband had the Udon, which he enjoyed, and the clear soup I ordered was some of the best clear soup I've ever had. However, the simple snow crab roll was poorly made (falling apart) and tasted mainly of warm mayo. I ended up being sick later that night and I blame the mayo.
Service was extremely slow throughout the entire dinner. We had to ask for drink refills and we waited over 20 minutes for our check. Our waitress was very abrupt and short with us and, when she took our leftovers to be boxed, she stacked a plate of food on top of another plate of food. That's right, the dirty bottom of the plate was just stacked on top of the food that was to be boxed up. Needless to say, we did not eat the leftovers.First place I ever had sushi at, in my life! Nice litte place on Riverbend. Service is great. Sushi is sufficient. At least you could get a table on a friday.Best cheap, but good sushi in the university area. Order a large Hana noodle salad. Ive never seen it or anything close at any other sushi restaurant in the nation. Its cold and delicious!My husband & I have been coming to Hana a little over 2 years now. It's our absolute favorite place for sushi. We usually sit at the sushi bar when we're alone but we often come in groups of 7 or more & they always accommodate us without a problem. In fact, if friends of ours go without us, they usually ask about our whereabouts. :) We LOVE the No Name roll, it's the best! We also get the Louisiana roll often along with the Hana Special roll & the Mango Salmon roll. They also serve a free little noodle salad once you order...Anytime I'm here I stop by to get m fill of sushi and other delights. The prices are good and the staff friendly. If you want the real deal, sit at the bar and ask "what's good today"? That way you get the freshest they have. That's what they do in Japan. Oh yeah try the "Mango salmon roll" it's great and well worth it.One of my favorite sushi restaurants in NOLA. Cheap and HUGE roles. Good quality for the price. Service at dinner is very good, but service is not as strong at lunch since it is packed to the max. I enjoy the free noodle salad. Usually get a fresh salmon box, Who Dat roll, Hana roll, and snow crab roll. Their Hana sauce is excellent, and there is no charge for extra sauce. If you request it, they will bring the whole bottle to your table. Eat here once a week for the past 2 years. Excellent carry-out service as well.One of my two favorite sushi restaurants in Nola. Love the box sushi, the salad and the salmon roe. Great service and ambience.I love Hana!  They have my favorite roll in the whole wide world, and their noodle salad is a refreshing little start to your meal.  Try the Tiger Eye roll! Everything always tastes fresh here, and it's my favorite sushi place.Hands down the best sushi I've had in New Orleans. Fresh, delicious, and reasonable! The atmosphere is quaint and cozy, unlike a lot of the modern sushi fusion places you come across.  I've been looking for a hole in the wall place like this for a while. So happy we stopped in! Will definitely be back :) 
We ordered: 
Hawaiian roll- OUT OF CONTROL!!! Amazing! 
Hana roll- Massive and so good! We ordered half and even that was a lot. 
Veggie roll- best veggie roll ever! The sprouts were a great touch.Had a pretty good sashimi dinner last night at Hana. Good quality and good taste! Service was excellent and will certainly go back again. #eatsushinolaI have always wanted to like Hana. I've wanted to like it so much that I've given it at least 5+ chances to redeem itself. If you are in a rush, I would not choose to dine in. After the waitress brings the food, you don't ever see her again. It always takes me 30 minutes to get my check after flagging down another waitress to get it for you. Food is okay. I've had way better sushi at Mikimoto and Origami though. Such a shame, because the location is great.Went with my little friend,Opal, today for lunch. We had the tofu teriyaki with veggies for an appetizer, tuna & Who Dat rolls.
 The appetizer had not just the tofu& veggies, it also had a small  noodle salad, an iceberg salad,a bowl of fried rice& cantaloupe ! A meal for one, perfect appetizer for 2. The rolls were SOOOOO good & BIG- almost too big for one bite but we managed quite nicely,thank you !
 The entire bill was a little over $30.00- worth every penny.  Cant wait to go back !this is a local hotspot where the locals go. there are not many frills or thrills,  just great food at very reasonable prices. the menu is big and diverse enough to satisfy the beginner or the seasoned sushi aficionado. i've been to almost every sushi restaurant in the city and i keep returning to this one. 
if you want to be pampered and pay more for " fancy atmosphere"  go somewhere else. but if you want good food thats easy on the wallet, nothing else compares.This is my favorite sushi place in town. Everything is delicious and fresh and you get a free little noodle salad while you wait. Service here is seriously lacking. I have been here a few times and never had great service. One time they even forgot to put in my bf's order so he didn't eat anything.Dropped in "by accident".
Everything was EXCELLENT!
Tried a variety of soup, spring rolls, mushrooms, shumai, & tempura; all great.
Best in City by far!
RickHana Special Roll is the Bomb!  Service is lacking a little, could be better - But it can't be all that bad I keep going back when I want Sushi....One of my favorite places for sushi in New Orleans! And the noodle salad is to die forJust wanted to update this to say that I have been LOVING their rainbow roll as of late!  You can get a half order, so you don't have to worry about having to eat 8 really big roll pieces.
Also, I have taken to getting their iced green tea with my meals, which is fabulous and refreshing, especially on hot summer days.  I really wish I could bottle the stuff, because it has more flavor than the iced green tea I've had at other places.
Just a note: others have complained about the service, but I've never had any issue and I've been here A LOT for both lunch and dinner.Massive rolls. Love the Hana special roll. The service seems to be a bit spotty though.Decently priced. I've been going here for ten years. The Hana special roll is the BEST! The owners are very nice too.Always delicious! If you can, sit at the Sushi Bar with Taka. He will make you beautiful food & Accommodate food requests. Never a disappointment!I recently returned to NOLA and was excited to hit up Hana for an inexpensive sushi lunch.  Used to go quite frequently about 7 years ago and always enjoyed the noodle salad and various sushi rolls.  Unfortunately, the noodle salad, eel roll and spicy tuna (that was was not spicy at all) was sub par.  I ordered it to-go and wasn't until I got back to my office that I realized my food smelled fishy and I immediately regretted eating it at my desk (as did my adjacent office mates).  The tuna was warm and soft and something about that combination didn't seem right as I was eating it. Perhaps it was from the rice or the time it spent sitting out before I picked up and got back to my desk to eat it.  The eel roll was slightly more enjoyable but I think that's where the smell was coming from and after eating half of it, it became less appetizing. My noodle salad was a very generous portion, but unfortunately chunks of it were frozen. I ended up not finishing either roll as the more I ate, the more I started to regret it.  
I have read other reviews with people complaining about the quality of the food yet others rave about how delicious it is. Perhaps it is a hit or miss restaurant. If this had been my first time here, I probably would have given them only 2 stars but since I know the food can be better, I gave them 3.  I will probably give it one more chance for nostalgia sake as I have fond memories of dining there and I find the prices to be very reasonable.When I come to NOLA this is one of my favorite stops. They always have great service, and the sushi/japanese food is always delicious. The rolls are always well done, great soups/salads, and a nice mix of seating options. *****
The only downside is the eel sauce tasted extra salty to me on this most recent trip. Of course that could just be my tastes changing, but it wasn't what I was used to with them in the past. ***
Patron for life... as long they are serving good food that is!I love this place so much it hurts.  The free delicious tapa before every meal, the unbelievable Mango Salmon Sushi Rolls, the Ceviche, the insanely tacky decor, it all sends my mouth watering every time I think about it.  And prices aren't bad for portions.  I love you Hana.After scouring NOLA for a good sushi place, I basically gave up. There was none to be found in this city.
When you try 5 or 10 places and they are all crap, you basically give up.
Suddenly, I discovered a place way out from downtown, but it turned out to be the best in the city.
There is none better than Hana.
If you're looking for the best sushi in NOLA, you've got to try Hana.They have the best sushi chef in the whole city.
Also, they are the only Japanese restaurant in the city that knows anything about sake.  They do not yet have a sophisticated sake menu, but I hear that it is in the works. 
Meanwhile, they do understand sake. They have the basics, but more importantly they know the market. They sell Karatamba sake for $11.00. (WHICH IS THE CORRECT MARKET PRICE).
All of these other piece of shit sushi places like horinoya, sushi brothers, rock and sake, etc. are pricing Karatamba between $16 and $20 per bottle - WHICH IS TOTAL BULLSHIT!!!!
Screw all these other POS sushi places and Stick to Hana - You won't go wrong and you'll be pleased!!!!Awesome sushi. Being from New York, I was really blown away. Great quality, unique dishes. The grilled shumai.... Everywhere should grill their shumai if that's how good it can taste. The noodle salad is spot on. Not going to lie, we placed a take out order the next day just for the noodle salad. Also, the iced green tea. DAMN! The special rolls are really big and everything was delicious.Hana is the type of place to bring your friends who like sushi, but can't admit to eating raw fish. 
Tiny, and closes early. Expansive menu, with lots of big, saucy rolls, and traditional Japanese specialties like natto.
The service is extremely attentive, and I have no doubt wins over many fans.This is my favorite Sushi in NOLA. I love the noodle salad, the decor and the prices are very reasonable.I really love Hana. It was actually the very first place I tried sushi ever! I've been coming here for about 7 years now and I still find that it is consistently one of the best places in NOLA for sushi when it comes to value. Their rolls are HUGE! Like in the way that you might have to take two bites which completely goes against sushi etiquette (if you won't tell, I won't tell). Hana also gives all diners a complimentary mini bowl of noodle salad -- yum! I find them pretty accommodating to special orders as well, my friend often creates her own roll and it always comes out perfectly. They have soy and rice paper to those opposed to nori. 
Hana is quick, cheap, filling and casual. Works very well for a lunch hour if you work or happen to be in the Uptown area. 
Things to try:
Medium Special Roll
Fresh Salmon Box
Tuna Tataki SaladYou get slightly more than what you pay for at Hana. That's code for very cheap prices for average food.
I've primarily been there for lunch, which is even more spectacularly cheap. Your first point of contact with food will probably be their free noodle bowl. Almost everyone I know absolutely loves this, and the nonexistent price is always a winner. The rest of the food is really hit and miss. The teriyaki sauce is always very off to me. I've had the chicken twice now, and I didn't finish most of it either round. I've had better luck with their sushi roles, although I can't remember enough standouts to list them here. Again, they're cheap and usually pretty decent. 
I have to side with many of the other reviews in terms of the service. It's often poor with little attention after your food actually arrives. I dined once with a particularly fast drinker who was especially frustrated. The interior is nondescript. There's a fish tank somewhere, but otherwise I don't recall it being either outstanding or a hot a** mess.By no means the best or freshest sushi I have had in New Orleans. However, they have a great variety of rolls and pretty good kitchen dishes. But, there is really nothing they do that is special or makes them stick out.
 You can get in and out pretty fast. Not a bad place to stop if you're looking for a quick lunch.Normally, I love Hana. I hadn't been there in a few months, so my boyfriend and I decided it was time to go again. Unfortunately, they were off their game. When we sat down, there were noodles all over my side of the table, stuck to the table cloth (as if it was hardly cleaned). Also, the service was painfully slow, but I was willing to deal with it for the sake of tasty sushi. Alas, even their rolls were slacking. Snow crab filled everything past its brim. The crunchy roll had more snow crab than crunchy which, sadly, rendered it mostly tasteless. We did have a tasty mango roll, but even one of our favorites, the Hana Special, was smothered in snow crab. What happened to the other fish? After our snow crab-filled meal, we waited 20 minutes just to get the check.  If they get their act back together, I'd be more than happy to go back, but alas, it was not as good as it used to be.I was in a group of 3 and went here for the first time a few weeks ago. I usually had gone to Ninja in the past. 
The service we experienced at Hana was amazing. We did have a mix up in the order when I ordered chicken teriyaki and was presented with chicken tempura. When told about the mistake, the waiter immediately brought it back to the kitchen and I had my correct meal within minutes, and they apologized for the mix up.
The quality of the food was fantastic. The sushi did sometimes fall apart, but it was delicious and well presented and very quick. I can't wait to go back again.I love hanas sushi with a passion. They seriously have the best sushi in new orleans hands down but the customer service is horrible.  You start your meal off with a delicious noodle salad float to some amazing sushi and in between have to deal with a waitress who acts like your in her way. Fix please for 5 stars.I used to go here quite frequently but no longer do. The wait staff is superb (very thoughtful, quick, and remember their customers) as is the noodle salad, but their current sushi chefs are not what I'm used to be. On my second to last visit the chef was audibly disturbed by my ordering brown rice then intentionally let my fried softshell crab roll sit until other items in the order were ready; when my waitperson tried to bring it to me I overheard the chef say something to the effect, " well, that's what happens with brown rice." Needless to say  my softshell was a soggy, sauce-soaked lump of hell which was sent back. Instead of offering to make an edible softshell roll they just scratched it off the ticket. I had been ordering them there since 2003 and never had this problem before the new chef came. A few weeks later we went back only to be served bubbly fermented tobiko. I haven't been back since as there are too many dining choices in NOLA for this sort of foolishness. I do miss going here and will probably give it another chance, just not anytime too soon.Awesome place where i m going almost once every two weeks. Sushis are huge (especially the hana special) and we ve got always a small vermicelli salad as appetizer. Last time i took a tea and it was bottomless... prices are good... i don t know if i like better hana or origami...Best Sushi place I have been to in New Orleans. Lively, crowded, nice.This place overuses crab salad to the extreme, so don't order anything with crab.  Everything is pretty much average.  I think the gooey noodles are disguisting, but others seem to think they're great.  Oh yea, and unlike many other sushi restaurants in the area they card pretty hard.I can't help but love Hana. What the restaurant lacks in general food quality and authenticity it more than makes up for in service and price. I would recommend specific foods, but I've tried enough of the menu that I would say most things are a good bet, and pretty standard for a mid-price sushi bar. I promise that if you come with ten dollars you will leave overwhelmingly full.Loved their crawfish and spicy tuna rolls! The dynamite roll was ok. Overall great little sushi spot uptown. 
The wait wasn't too long, service was good. Will definitely be returning.It was nice.  I wish I had more friends, in which I could try more of the interestiong rolls I had seen being passed around.  There is nothing better than sharing bites with chop sticks and friends.
I had the octopus legs.  It was ok.  Thick and tender for octopus, but the fried breading was falling ff and it needed a sauce besides a soy sauce with a lime.
Margarita roll was good ofr the price.  12.  It was big.  Could barely fit it in my mouth.  It was messy though, and the guacamole on top I think had mayo on it.  I didn't agree with it. 
tall sapporo 6 dolla 
Was good overal experiance place.Hana is my go-to place for sushi in New Orleans. Although the sushi isn't extraordinary, the meals have always been pretty good and the service is good too. I like the little noodle appetizers they give you with every meal - what is in that sauce!?My favorite sushi place in Nola. The bf and I always get the same dishes everytime we come here. Noodle salad, 2 x hana roll and teriyaki salmon which comes with miso soup and a salad. All of this and we usually end up paying just about $30 bucks! Can't get this kind of quality and value at any other sushi place in the city. I promise you that.A friend and I went and had quite a selection: 
Who Dat Roll, Hana Roll, Smoked Philly Roll, California Roll - These were pretty decent, but it was annoying how so many of them fell apart just picking them up off the plate.  I will assume that this was just an off night.
Beef skewers and grilled Gyoza appetizers were pretty decent; Green Salads could have used more of the ginger dressing, but I am a ginger fiend; the Shumai Soup was good.
There was way more food than we thought there would be, as we didn't realize how big some of the rolls would be.  I vacilated between two and three stars on this place.  I guess I would not protest over going here again, but I would try another spot first if the choice was mine.I love Hana. The food is always fresh and yummy and quick.Great family-owned neighborhood sushi spot. The Sushi and Sashimi Lunch Specials are substantial and a great deal. For dinner, the Mango Salmon Roll is my favorite of the specialty rolls. Noodle Salad is cold and delicious on hot summer days. I noticed other complaints about no gluten-free soy sauce. I'd add an extra star (if they'd allow me to go to six stars) to show my appreciation for not catering to the gluten-free. Well done!Hana is really cheap, so take that for what it's worth. 
I find that the rolls are too mayo-y for me. Their rolls are nothing too special. The service is always nice and quick, so that's a plus. I've never had any of their sashimi, but by the looks of it, the quality doesn't look super good. 
They do have a really good tofu appetizer.Hana's was the first sushi restaurant I ever visited 20 years ago. I hadn't been in many years, but I am sure glad that I went back. It was so good yesterday and we had such excellent service. I had the noodle salad with squid salad on top and they were both exactly what I expected. The delicious surprise was the Hana special roll. It was enormous and filled with crab and fresh salmon and tuna. At $12 it is an exceptional deal! I am already ready to go back!Hands down, my favorite sushi restaurant in New Orleans. The quality, price, and attitude of the staff are always top notch!Great lunch spot. Love the combo box. Staff is pretty attentive and the price is right.Amazing. Just go already and make sure to include the hana sushi roll in your order. Food and service was great! Hana sushi is an addiction. I'll be there next week.This is the only sushi resturant that makes tigers eye the way I love it .... mmmm the octopus is tender and yummie. Plus I've been going here for over 25 years. My kids 3rd word was "Shooshi" ( after dada mama. ) nice homey atmosphere.I had dinner at Hana and really enjoyed it. It's located in an old, wooden house with very limited parking. I happened to go on a Friday night and the place was bustling; not packed and over-crowded, but just the right amount for atmosphere. I noticed a mixed crowd of families, couples, and friends all enjoying themselves. I sat at the bar, my friend ordered for me, and everything I sampled was delicious. Now, I must admit...I am by NO MEANS an adventurous eater and do not like raw fish, seaweed, or other sushi staples. I will eat anything tempura since it's fried; however, the crawfish and cream cheese rolls were amazing!My go to for sushi in nola. And the noodle salad is glorious. They're very quick on getting you the rolls. If you ask for eel sauce or spicy mayo, they'll give you the squeeze bottle so you can get however much you want. They're not the nicest people ever but whatever they may lack in the friendliness dept they more than make up for in overall efficiency. Great sushi spot and it's rarely super packed.Cheap, fresh, fast sushi! There's isn't many speciality rolls, if you are into that kind of thing.. But they have very decent sushi. They have a mango something roll that was really good! The complimentary cold noodles were also delish. 
I loved how my friend asked for eel sauce and the waitress brought out a whole bottle of it and spicy mayo sauce. Most place are shady ass hell with extra sauce. 
Our food came out fast and the fish was fresh. This is a great place for lunch or dinner. The prices are ideal also!I love their maki lunch special. They always have the greatest quality of fish and perfectly ripened avocado. They  also give you eight pieces instead of six of sushi. Hana is competing with Kyoto for my favorite sushi spot currently.Okay so Hana has officially surpassed Kyoto as my favorite sushi place!! I just had their spicy tuna roll for the first time. it was absolutely delicious.
 I love their maki lunch special. They always have the greatest quality of fish and perfectly ripened avocado. 
They  also give you eight pieces instead of six of sushi. Their sushi is cheaper than most places around here and the staff is nice. Best place in NOLA for sushi.This is one of my favorite sushi restaurants in New Orleans. Everything we tried was fresh and delicious. Although I am not a fan of the noodle salad they give you at the sushi bar.Good sushi ....great sea urchinnoodle salad and snow crab roll- yummy!!!!!!!Amazing! The miso soup is so fire! Their rolls are bigger and the prices are just as reasonable as any other sushi spot so BASICALLY, YOU GET THE BEST DEAL!  I love love love this spot!very cool spot for decent sushi - their specialty is BIG rolls @ very reasonable price!!!Sushi is good and reasonably priced. My wife and I love this place. One of our first dates was here. It is definitely our go-to restaurant. We have been here more times than I can remember. The service may be a little slow at times when it gets real busy, but it works. It is a nice place to talk. Not real great for larger groups.Food was delicious of course. But the service was kind of awful. They usually give you noodle salad once you sit well I eventually asked for the salad and was charged when it's usually complimentary. Then my friend had to ask for the hot towels... However, the food was delicious and we will go back:)Hana is a great sushi restaurant.
In the mood for sushi, a friend recommended Hana. While it isn't in the area of town I would normally go for lunch, I had business close by, and I am glad I did. 
We started with salmon sashimi, edamame and a complimentary noodle salad. The sashimi was excellent. The pieces were thin, very fresh and the perfect size to eat in one bite. While I have only had this type of sashimi once before, this was the best I have had. The edamame was good, but it seems hard to mess up soybeans. The noodle salad was very good. It was also the best I have ever had.
For entrees we split a philly roll and a margarita roll. Both were well made, with very fresh ingredients. While the philly was good, the margarita roll was among the top three rolls I have ever had. 
Service was excellent. Our drinks were never left empty and the server was very attentive.
I really liked Hana and hope to visit again soon.This place is definitely not Nobu, which makes all the difference for me.  I went with a huge group and probably ordered everything on the menu.  Everything I tried was very tasty, but what I remember most fondly were the green mussels, which are NOT green.  
The service was very polite and attentive to our huge group.  I'm looking forward to visiting the next time I'm in New Orleans!Hana Japanese Restaurant made my visit awesome. Friend and I sat at the sushi bar where the chef took our orders. Drinks got to us really quickly and any appetizers made its way as expedient as possible. 
Staff/ chef here made sure everything was  excellent. 
The food was just dynamic: they have everything for everyone. so, if sushi is not your thing, other Japanese cuisines were ready to make your mouth water! For us, two warm bowls of miso soup helped us  through the rain outside. Normally, friend and I order more food than we can
actually stomach. But at Hana, we were
able to explicitly order 1/2 roll of the Hana Special Roll and 1/2 of Rainbow Roll.
Yummy and enticing. Made our fun night that much more better.
Thanks Hana!!!!!This is one of the best sushi places in uptown new orleans. It was my first time going, and I'll definitely be back. The service was good and it was not pricey at all for the quality and amount of food. I got the hawaiian roll and it was so good and fresh.Hana is one of my favorite Sushi joints in New Orleans. The restaurant is clean and the service is quick. The sushi has never knocked my socks off, but I have also never had a bad meal there.
The Hana Special and Oyster Roll are very good!I have been going to Hana for years and their food is consistently fresh and delicious, prepared quickly, plus the staff is always friendly.Hana is the place for high quality inexpensive sushi.  The sashimi lunch is amazing - only $11and includes soup, salad, and a bowl of rice.  Sit at the sushi bar for the best service.  If your appetite is bigger, try the lobster roll.  Lobster tempura and mixed greens wrapped in rice paper.  Yum.I am ecstatic I found this place! Menu items are reasonably priced, especially for the location! You are definitely getting your money's worth. 
I had the trio sashimi & noodle salad as an app. The trio sashimi was something I've never had before. I really like their style of presenting sashimi three ways. The noodle salad was good as well. Perfect balance of mayo if ya ask me!
The tuna and salmon sashimi plates were fresh! Salmon was very buttery.
The two rolls I ordered were very similar. The Who Dat & Mango Salmon roll. That was a little disappointing because I like variety. Otherwise, the rolls were good. 
Overall, enjoyable meal & I will be back :)Two words....Miracle Whip. Unfortunately, every item we ordered here was slathered or swimming in overly sweet mayo. The noodle salad with squid everyone raves about...swimming in sweet mayonnaise. We ordered 3 very different sushi rolls and ALL of them were coated in sweet, Miracle Whip style mayonnaise. C'mon people...it's sushi. Rice, seafood, and maybe a tad of creativity and you have yourself a great roll....but not here. Disappointing, because the interior is cute and the service was good. It's the kind of sushi your grandma would make, if you're into that kind of thing.