Don't bother. The staff is sketchy and non-attentive.  When we arrived, we were amazed that they had seating. We soon discovered why. It took them 15 minutes to greet us and another 15 to get our first round of drinks. The food is mediocre at best and pricey even for a HR. There are tons of good local choices that beat this one.Had the grilled salmon entree and it was amazing; I was so hungry and it was so good that I forgot to post a picture. The two sides are mashed potatoes (these were with skin and had great taste also) and broccoli. I've heard great things about this place and it just so happens I had to try while in NOLA!Visited after being stranded by Goliath in Dec. 2015. Been to Hard rocks around the world. This one seemed appropriate for location. 
The cheeseburgers are huge. The brioche bun, awesome. I got Amer' Swiss & cheddar, perfectly cooked. Pristine cleanliness (bottles, etc ). 
The sriracha was salty & chimichurri mayo was good, but garlicky. 
Ranch dressing, rather weak. 
Picture of hubby's nice sandwich. Had to request old time accoutrements like Pick a Pepper, on which the chain was built.The fun of the HRC is to listen and to WATCH Music. All around me are screens with basketbal. Is this now a sports cafe?It's pretty fun here. We came for lunch and didn't have to wait at all for a table. 
The service was good.
We only came for dessert: the Apple cobbler. I'm not a fan of the cobbler but my mom loved it. 
Air conditioned. Clean. A little pricey. 
Great place to go while you wait to go to the airport.Service was good atmosphere wasn't what you would expect out of a Hard Rock Cafe. Overall average food and service.Let me preface this by saying I've gone to many Hard Rock Cafes prior to invention of YELP so I don't have reviews of them on here but my review on this one is in comparison to the others. Dallas NY Houston Chicago Phoenix Atlanta Vegas Miami Memphis... among others. The food had always been great. But here at the New Orleans location it was just so so. The wings were good.  BUT the Mac n cheese with chicken was extremely bland. Pasta wasn't cooked in salty water so my adding salt afterwards did no good. I added lots of pepper trying to add some flavor but..  meh  BLAND!!! Ckn was dry. Garlic bread tasted like it was soaked in lemon. Was nasty! I didn't want to send back for fear of what they do with the next thing they bring out.  Very disappointed. The memorabilia is cool and all and server was OK. Happy and dancing around and stuff but I'm just not sure how ya can mess up Mac n cheese.   And $17 mac n cheese? I was expecting to eat more than three bites.  :(
UPDATE---I am updating this and changing my 2 star to a 1 star. Our original charge to our credit card went through (Including the tip). Then they charged us again just for the tip portion a day later. We have submitted this erroneous charge to our cc company and referred it to Hard Rock's manager so they can take off that additional charge which is just for the tip. Very shady...  meh.Typical Hard Rock atmosphere and mediocre food.  Nothing sets it apart from any of the other Hard Rock Cafe's throughout the more middling locations they are in.
Of note was that we were there at 6pm on Saturday during Mardi Gras and the service was very good and efficient.  Our waitress Crystal was adorable and sweet, if a little talkative.Awesome friendly service at the new location. My husband and I split chicken fajitas and it was more than enough for the two of us so we didn't have to take left overs back to our room.Hard Rock Cafe is pretty much the same in the places we've been to them.  They have consistent products, service and atmosphere which is a safe thing if you're not into venturing much into the local cuisine or food scene.  We just stopped here to buy a t-shirt as we have eaten at Hard Rocks in Helsinki and Copenhagen.  The atmosphere is always pleasant and the staff are always pleasant.Great experience. The waiter is very friendly. I ordered a huge appetizer combo and a glass of cocktail. They taste delicious :) 
Definitely gonna visit again when I back to New Orleans.Average food - like any other Hard Rock Cafe. Was located right next to my hotel, so it was very convenient. For something familiar and a quick bite to eat, I would go here.I was kind of disappointed... the food was ok (not like the pictures on the menu), but what my gripe is was the service. I know, i know its New Orleans and maybe its just the way things are there. I felt like the server was borderline rude. He walked away in the middle of my order never ask if we wanted another round (which we did) and we had to flag down a busboy to get our check. Moral of the story I will not be back.The food was good and our waitress was great - but she was slammed with tables and really busy.  She did the best she could.  What I couldn't understand is that fact that  there where 4 waitresses/employees up with the hostess just laughing and talking.  The place was backed and we had to wait 20 minutes for our bill.  We asked one of the 4 up by the hostess station for our bill and they said they couldn't get it - that was it.  The wait staff that was actually working were running their tales off while these other 4 did nothing.I should of known better tried a Hard Rock back in the late 90's in Myrtle Beach. Prices for food quality and taste are ridiculous.  Service was slow and forgetful took 25 mins just to get check after I asked for it. Don't know how these places stay in business.Knowing that this is a chain, we went here on Sunday night since we were leaving early Monday morning and it was very close to our hotel.  Both of us were not impressed.  First, they leave the front doors wide open so you can hear and smell everything.  And the smell at times was overpowering.  The food also left much to be desired as it was overpriced.  One plus is the server was very attentive.Yes, it is a hard rock but it is in the heart of the French Quarter so it definitely has its own twist. lets start with the "Ehhh..."  The food was ok. I hate seafood so my options for eating on bourbon were slim, so we came here. I had a pulled chicken sandwich and it was good. Not memorable, not something I would order again but still good. What made this review 4 stars was the amazing service from start to finish. Hostess, busboys and especially servers made sure that we were being treated like royalty. It was a much better experience than the one we had a previous night in a fancy restaurant.
 Its a great getaway from the overwhelming noise snd smells of bourbon while still keeping up the ambiance.Ate there 7-20-15. Food was plain and uninspired. My party tried the twisted Mac, chicken and cheese, which was dry, and my hamburger was so charred tasting I couldn't finish it. The only decent item was the Jumbo Combo appetizers. Our waiter was not the best, he essentially wrote our order, returned later to drop off our items, and disappeared. All at inflated prices. I expected much more from such a legendary eatery. Very disappointed.Great location, Right on burbon Street. Although there are a lot of local eatery but if you want to go for a chain restaurant then this could be a good place.
The only reason for the bad rating is that we found a metal piece in our food. Went here for lunch on Sunday afternoon with friends. We ordered brushetta, cauliflower wings, nachos and chicken salad. After eating half of brushetta I found a big enough paper pin like metal piece. We called our server and told her and she immediately took away the dish and later manager checked with us but I could have eaten that metal piece and that could have been very serious. Not sure how did that metal piece landed in our dish but it's a serious issue.We ate here because there was a 2 hour wait everywhere else. I had never eaten at a HRC before and I was pleasantly surprised
 Food was good, plenty of it and service was good too. Menu about what you would expect but lots of variety. Kids would love the decor. A bit expensive for a burger but it is on Bourbon Street.I've been to a lot of HRC around the world and the food always sucks, so I don't eat here anymore. I only go to the gift shop to buy pins and a patch. George at the gift shop has the best attitude, he gets 5 stars.The service from our waitress was amazing! Loved the atmosphere and overall feel of the place. I ate a burger that was absolutely phenomenal! It was probably the best place I ate at on bourbon st. Very good staff and mgmt even came and made sure we enjoyed our meal! Will definitely return next time I am in New Orleans.This was a wonderful place for lunch yesterday.  Had the Atomic burger with artisan chile fries and a Southern Jam beverage.  Really delicious.  Our server Ty was fantastic and helpful.  Apparently, he has only been there for a week.  Excellent hire!Shouldn't even be 1 star.
Walked in hungry for a Hard Rock Burger but after being ignored at first by hostess for no reason she mumbled something and I assumed it meant 'take any open table' I wondered inside.  Most non-occupied tables were jot cleaned up but there were a couple available.  I was approached by a waitress who politely told me I needed to be seated by the hostess so I went back and asked to be seated at a table.  The look from the hostess was more of a dazed stare.  Just my observation.  She again mumbled something and I just said 'thank you' and left.
Worst. Service. EverWent here to buy their merchandise, the cashier was really nice. And we got a good deals on their Hard Rock shirt that was on sale. We didn't eat at their restaurant we chose to eat somewhere else at Bourbon St.Don't go if you're not starving to death. Service is okay. Food is barely mediocre. It's New Orleans, tons of great places to go!Hubby and I decided to stop here as they were on the way back to our hotel.  We were seated promptly, but it took about 5 minutes before a waiter came to our table which is a little long to me to not even be acknowledged.  The rtest of the meal was fantastic!  Our server Joe was also pretty good.
We ordered the pulled pork nachos as an app to share which was pretty good.  They were piled high and there was no shortage on cheese though.  The only surprising thing is that the pulled pork had no barbecue sauce which is what you would expect from vinegar based sauces.
Both hubby and I ordered the ribs which came with a rack of ribs, ranch barbecue beans, chunk of cornbread, and a small side cup of cole slaw.  The rib rack was HUGE on both our plates and tasted great!  I didn't think too much of the beans and personally don't prefer vinegar based coleslaw, but hubby enjoyed both.  Although the cornbread was a little dry and crumbly, it tasted perfect with the extra side of barbecue sauce I requested.Solid late night eats after the Billy Idol show. Always interesting stuff to look at. Cute beer bottle styled lighting above the bar. Pretty standard HRC food. Was happy it was thereI would like to give some more stars... I love their chicken tupelo. The beans are amazing but the ribs didn't taste good for a few visits there. The music was very low.
Adriana K.I first went here 2 decades ago...or at least got the classic t-shirt. We had planned to try ACME Oyster House but the line was around the corner. The food and service for us at this HRC seemed a notched better than others. I had some delicious jambalaya, wife tried the Cauliflower burger, kids had classic nachos and chicken fingers. All were very happy! Thanks again HRC! Love All, Serve All!Great service, great food, and great prices! One of my favorite hard rocks I've been to out of at least 25. Also has great memorabilia! Definitely recommended, especially if you're under 21 and wanna eat on Bourbon street lol.Second time I have eaten at a hard rock cafe.
Awesome as usal! I had a giant burger and got the $14 cocktail that you actually get to keep the glass.
Desert was also sooo good.
Hilly recommend coming here!Quite open, cafeteria style seating. Less cool than any other Hard Rock we have been too. Food below average - both in general and for HR. Nachos not crisp and spareribs dry. Drinks were mediocre too, and high priced. Service was very friendly, but quite slow. Will not be going back.Came in on a Thursday night and was quickly seated with my husband. Service was prompt and friendly and the food was pretty good. The bruschetta appetizer was our favorite!I came here for dinner with friends after riding on the steamboat. We decided to come here because there was relatively no line. Our original plan was to go to Acme Oyster House, however the line was massive.
If you have been to one Hard Rock, you have basically been to them all. The menu does not vary much per location. There might be some local flavor in the menu but the majority of the menu is the same.
I ordered a burger and fries. They were for the most part pretty basic and there was no issues with them. The downgrade in stars comes from the volume of the music and the lack attention from our waitress. We constantly had to ask other servers about getting more water. However, when it counted, she was there.
I can't say that I would be back because there are so many amazing restaurants in New Orleans. Given that there was nothing especially special about the Hard Rock Cafe, it does not make my top list of places to eat at in NOLA.This place was EVERYTHING AND MORE!!!!
I dine at the HARD ROCK for dessert; (after leaving a 5 star unprofessional, and highly unrecommended restaurant called Emeril's).  
My waitress Michelle was heaven sent, she cheered my broken spirit completely up.  She was so professional, and her spirit was amazingly beautiful.  Michelle made me feel like she was excited that I choose, Hard Rock to celebrate my birthday, and have dessert at her location. 
Talk about 5 star professionalism treatment.  
We even heard the LIVE BAND going down the streets of Bourbon, I just wanted to run to the door to watch and listen.  You can feel the love in this place, and down the street.
I even witness her handle a table that was a group of 5-6 people order EVERYTHING, and EVERYTHING was delivered to the table, and ALL those people were gone right after the meal was severed. And mostly all the food was still on their plates.  Michelle handed that with complete grace. And her attitude stayed at an all time happy, and welcoming.  Very beautifully lady inside and out.  
I wish I can add the photos! 
I left Michelle an appreciation note with a tip, and she absolutely loved it, we even gave each other a hug.  She's the ONLY waitress I've ever hugged.  She accepted my note, as if she needed to hear, read, and see the acknowledgment; I needed to meet someone like her, after the very bad experience I had at Emeril's.  I shared my story with her, and Michelle was so apologetic on Emeril's behave, repeatedly, as if she did it.
We even purchase items from the gift shop, where I met this beautiful newly mother name Niadia, she was so welcoming, this woman felt family!  She was extremely helpful, and very knowledgable about their items.
The beautiful, AMAZING, OVER THE TOP SERVICE, is when I returned back home to Houston, Texas, and tried on my shirt; that did not fit well.  I thought; oh well, we have a location here, I'll just go exchange it.  But it wouldn't have the NEW ORLEANS name on the shirt.
I called and spoke with a lady who was extremely helpful, and understanding; and the same thing happened to her, when she visit NYC.  She assisted me along with the approval of Maggie L.  These ladies are truly amazing.  
I sent back the shirt, with the tags, and receipt.  
Not only did Maggie L send me back the correct size t-shirt, but she; wrapped my t-shirt with hard rock signature, gift wrapping paper, placed it inside of a neon green Hard Rock signature string backpack, along with the original and new receipt, and her business card.  I had to reach out and thank her, and her team for an fabulous experience, and memory.   I felt so much love from this place, even after I retuned home.  I'll Never forget any of them!  All of them deserve promotions. 
I will definitely, make it a point to visit this location, whenever I'm in the city.Just wanted food to-go: asked to order from the bar, the bartender was busy and took a break while my food was on order. It took some time to get his attention to pay after I got my food, got home (1 block) and it was no longer remotely warm.Service at the bar was great! Gipsey was a great bartender!If you are looking for a place that might have a table fairly quickly that is above fast food in taste and price, but can still accommodate poorly dressed and slightly buzzed clientele who don't want to spend a fortune or tempt fate with spicier local fare, this could be the one.
This Hard Rock has cool looking Dr. Seuss like floors, but is otherwise a bit on the ordinary side. The move to this location was probably a must for the Hard Rock brand, but it does not inspire.
The food and the service are commensurate with other Hard Rock locations. However, when you look around and see un-bussed tables or go into restrooms that are not exactly clean, you don't always leave feeling great about the experience. That was my experience here.
The service here is good, but could be even better.My party & I were throughly pleased with our menu selections  tangy wngs, cowboy steak, Cesar w/salmon (perfectly grilled), Arnold Palmer, margaritas....along w/ EXCELLENT, COURTEOUS service provided by manager Mark, Host Ashley, and server Kelly. 
naturally New OrleansSo all together it was a pretty the experience was pretty standard. The floor was the wrong texture for wet shoes, it was another rainy day in New Orleans, and when we got inside I almost slipped twice. The food was pretty standard American I got the potatoes skins which were pretty bland. The cheese burger with the bacon, the best thing was the fries with the garlic herb seasoning and the apple pie crumb. The service wasnt bad, Hannah was very nice and patient. The other down fall is the parking with it being on Bourbon the parking is usually a parking garage or catch an uber.I always love the hard rock in any city I visit! However, the buffalo wings were a little dry and I was turned off by no celery and blue cheese offering. But overall, the service is fantastic, the atmosphere is fun and when you get sick of the creole and heavy southern food, this hard rock is a great escape during a NOLA visit!An act of desperation to get away from the Cajun/Creole monopoly in the French Quarter. Unfortunately it is on Bourbon Street, the one place you don't want to eat. It is all for the tourists and you know what that means!
Atmosphere     80      Its the Hard Rock
Service            75       Trained but slow
Food                70       Really bad, not only for the Hard Rock but for anywhere
Value               65       The quality was so bad, this is probably a polite grade
Keep looking, but get off Bourbon Street. It is better on the side streets.Had the BBQ bacon cheeseburger with seasoned fries. Burger was cooked perfectly and the fries were flavourful. Not a long wait to be served.Excellent food and service. We had mac n cheese with pulled pork. Absolutely delicious and the garlic bread was great. Also had the legendary burger. It was very good. The portion was so big i couldn't finish it. The fruity cocktails were very good too. Nice atmosphere.Probably the worst service I have EVER had at a restaurant! Will never return to the Hard Rock in New Orleans, waste of my time.The food was okay, and the waitress was sweet. What I didn't like, which is why I'm giving it two stars is; when me and my dad first came, we were not greeted by the people who stands in the front taking reservations and finding you a table We were standing infront of them for maybe 5-10 minutes, first in line, without them even saying hi to us. I tried to ask for a table, but they were to just with something else. That didn't make me feel welcome at all. I were at Hard Rock café in Gdansk in Polen a few weeks ago, and I visited  Hard Rock Café, and I have a really good experience. Sad I didnt have it this time. Beside careless people in the front, we had to wait 30-40 minutes for a table. It wasn't worth it.A fan of rock n' roll and strong cocktails? Stop by the Hard Rock cafe and check out their drink specials, artist memorbilia, and satisfy your tummy with some all American menu items. The decor is chic and warm, and good music of all eras plays throughout. During Halloween they had the "Evil eye" cocktail that was spooktacular!Okay, so yeah, you're in NOLA, why go to Hard Rock? I get it. I questioned myself. But...I am a Louisiana native, so I can get awesome food anywhere. So, this particular night, I was there with some friends from out of town celebrating  a graduation. I gave several ideas, but they have three small kids with them and a rather picky bunch, so this was the choice, and it ended up being a good one. 
Parking, well, no. I always park near the Shoppes at Canal by the river. So that's a walk. 
They were told it would be about 45 minutes wait. When the rest of us arrived, I was amused that they brought us into a large empty room. There was so much seating. 
Service was good...it was a bit slow especially with kids. But we ordered. After a longer than usually wait, most of our food came out. I ordered the new cauliflower burger. It was good but when  you're thinking you're going to get something sort of healthy and it's deep friend...hmmm. Another person's simple nacho order never came until 20 minutes in. So hers was comped.
Over all, good for tourists, I hate that i went there as a state local...but oh well. Just promise me if you go there,  you'll actually find somewhere that's local and true for your next meal!This has to be one of the nicest buildings and restaurants on Bourbon Street. Clean, smells good inside, cold drinks, decent food, bad azz bar & atmosphere. Good Eats & Cheers!Last night in New Orleans and decided to be lame and eat at a place we could have anywhere...but we needed to collect the t-shirt... I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was pretty good as pork sandwiches go. Flavorful and the meat was moist. Dry pulled pork isn't good. One of us also got the barbecue sampler and the pork ribs were actually great. Not great like Mueller's in Taylor TX, but very good for what our expectations were here. Overall a pretty good experience. Did I mention that we were on Bourbon street in the French Quarter? Watching the humanity out on the street on a Saturday night is 
something to behold...and it's not even Mardi Gras.Thanks to our beautiful waitress tonight for making our date night so special. Lindsey is the bomb. She was funny and on point. The food was good too. Of course.The atmosphere is so cool. This was my first time at a Hard Rock Cafe and I'm glad this location was my first. Our waiter was Stevie and he was the nicest waiter I've had in a long time. Excellent service. We ordered the potato skins and the shrimp and both were really good!Just dropped in a quick bite. I ordered the wing appetizer. They were good, but on the small size. If I had wanted something more filling this would not have done the trick. Keep that in mind if you order them. My server Chelsey was really nice and attentive.Had a great time, food was great, fun atmosphere! Girls, the bathrooms are pretty good!Service has always been good, even on busy days.  Waiters are usually prompt and attentive.  Menu is standard, along with their prices.  On a busy day where they said their kitchen was backed up, our food was out faster than some fast food chains.  For the area of NOLA it is in, the location is very clean.  Has a bar for any waits, though always been seated immediately.  And a gift shop.Meh, definitely not the best food. I ordered the ribs- they were burnt and not very meaty. I asked for none of the sides because I don't eat them and they all still came on my plate:(. My boyfriend ordered the jumbo sampler and liked some of the stuff but not everything. They did have $3 mimosas which was a plus. It's a cool atmosphere but the food is not good.Went to eat here since it was attached to our hotel. They messed up our order I ordered a well done burger and got my boyfriends medium well and vice versa. Waitress sucked therefore no tip for her. Wasn't impressed.Hands down the worst service. I'm not a bad customer or a demanding one. I'm on a family vacation on route to my sisters wedding in Florida.  I decided to stop at this location because it's of course the Hard Rock Cafe. I sat with my family about 5 with two toddlers when the server undoubtedly ignored our table. We waited two and half hours for our meal. We spoke with the manager about the service and the only result the restaurant could offer was a 20$ discount. Seriously?! 
I observed the waiter as being forgetful and would ignore our table when he was making his routine checkup on his tables. We had to ask a server from a different section for accommodations like drinks and refills. 
Either the server we had was racist against minorities which I respectfully don't want to accuse our server for being one or that he was seriously hating his job for being a server. 
I recommend no one have the waiter with blond hair, brown eyes, skinny/fit, and tall section ever!!! 
And most of all, I recommend a 1 star for a chain restaurant for hiring a waiter that does not maintain the quality service and service for all patrons regardless of color, race, creed, gender, preference, age, height, weight, fashion, and origin.ate here had a hamburger for my 16th birthday im a fan love to come here when visitingThis location has been the venue for the Louisiana Heroes Project annual Rockin' with Santa event for several years now. Hard Rock Cafe is generous with their space and the staff is very nice and attentive to any needs....this is nice for the veterans and first responders that the event is intended for. The bathrooms are clean and cute! The walls are covered in music memorabilia from special guitars to Ozzy Osbourne's shoes. My family sometimes avoids events as we are a military family with issues to deal with but we look forward to coming here for the holiday event because we feel welcome and comfortable here. To top the day off, Santa comes out with a mohawk! I will post pics.The coleslaw was dry and the ribs had some sort of unseen mysterious skin underneath. Will not come back. Oh and the side portions are served in a shot glass... LOL?!You'd think for such a prime location, it'd be legit for a Hard Rock. What a frickin' letdown!  
Staff - 1/5: Forgetful server, didn't really know the first thing about customer service. It took us forever and a day to flag the person down for something as simple as asking for a refill or paying the check. To make the situation worse, someone in my party was having a birthday on that day, and by the time the b-day crew came around, the whole Hard Rock experience was already ruined. One person that did stick out positively was a staff member in the Rock shop. Their customer service skills was on point.
Location- 2/5: The only saving grace for this is location location location. Right there on the famous Bourbon St. Yay? 
Food - 1/5: From all the locations I've been to, this was a serious let down. The Texan burger (coming from a Texan, mind you) didn't match the name at all due to its lack of flavor. One of my guests said the pasta was too peppered. Then my bday persons "sundae" was super melted when that got to the table.
Pricing - 1/5: it's Hard Rock in a tourist destination. What do you expect?
Overall - 1/5: No ma'am/sir. You may be right in regards to where you're located but y'all got work to do in other areas.The food was delicious. The service was great. The wait staff was very personable and friendly. I'm not a huge fan of seafood or fried food, so having a restaurant in close to Bourbon street with healthier non-seafood options is a plus.Great BBQ ribs pork chic. Had a taste and when I saw what they looked like had to order. I'd go back.We came in for happy hour and had such a great time!  Our bartender's name was Norman, and he was awesome.  So much so, we came back the next day and had a great time!  We had several items on the menu, my favorite was the hot wings!  Everything else was just ok, kind of bland for me.  Drinks were great!Horrible service. Food was somehow both cold & burnt. Saw waitress twice; to order & to pay.Located off of bourbon st. In downtown New Orleans. Rock Cafe is pretty lively just like the rest of the city! The burger was awesome and so were the fries! Beware of drunks!
FOOD: 5/5
SERVICE: 4/5
AMBIANCE: 4/5
PRICE: $$Sat at the bar, had incredibly attentive bartenders; George and Norm are gems!! Engaging, helpful and eager to serve. Great margaritas, food was wonderful. The service was the real winner! Great staff.Not horrible, but what you'd expect... jambalaya wasn't bad, Nachos were standard. No surprises...The food was not cooked properly (chicken was raw). The manager took it off our bill, but the service we received was sub-par.Amazing place to eat and the service is amazing. The food is overall orgasmic. Great place for family, groups, and etc. the food is a bit pricey depending on your taste. I came as group with family and we had an wonderful time. We walked away happy and full with our HARD ROCK CAFE experience .A little disappointed that they didn't have a local legendary burger the time I went but the tango burger was excellent. For desert a must try is the Oreo cheesecake. Service was pretty good.The decor is the only reason I didn't give this HRC a one-star rating.  The food at every HRC we go to is getting blander and more generic; and the quality of the food is going downhill.  On top of that, service at this HRC is HORRIBLE.  Do they train their servers to ignore their customers or what?This is in regards to their party planner. If you want a party here, prepare to NOT get treated like you're bringing in near $2K of revenue and a valued customer, and more treated like you're dealing with a used car salesman.  A certain female who I won't name is their group party planner, and we came in and told her that on a Wednesday in the month of May when there's ZERO going on in the city (conventions or events) we were going to bring in my 30 person bachelor party dinner from all over the country to start if off at Hard Rock. She told me and my Best Man that since it was a Wednesday and we're bringing in so many people we could have the party room, or at least part of it, for no charge and a party food and beverage minimum of $800 or so "once I check with the manager". Which is fine because we were sure we'd spend that. A month later after she finally responds to my Best Man's emails, she has now upped the minimum from $800 to $5,000!! But "I may be able to lower it to $2,500 depending on the details". And ALSO added on that we must "have to staff a person at $100 to stay in the Voodoo Room so you all can enter and exit the Iberville Street entrance." How did it go from $800...to essentially $5,100?? Also, Hard Rock's food is not that expensive. There's no way that everyone is going to spend $5,000, that's asinine and ridiculous. So essentially, she wanted to skim off the top and make money off us. Meanwhile, Dickie Brennan's (an upscale steak restaurant) has a minimum of $1,800 "food and beverage spend" with no random $100 charge for a person to watch a door you won't use. Also, Dickie Brennan's is way more expensive (better food also) and they have half the required spending amount. Please tell me how that works? If you wanna get lunch here maybe that's cool, but don't try to have a party here because they'll just waste your time and try to bamboozle you. Only reason I wrote this was because they wasted over a month of back and forth emails with my Best Man (half the time not responding in a timely fashion) and therefore wasted my time as well, when I just needed to plan things for my wedding. Want to see cool things on the wall? Go to Hard Rock. Want to deal with good people, go through another restaurant in the French Quarter.Came down to the city for a weekend getaway with my sister, and we decided to go to Hard Rock Cafe our first night in New Orleans. She wanted steak and I wanted wings and a burger. We decided on Hard Rock since they had all three and we would both be satisfied. Everything was at least decent, but the wings were the highlight!
First, let me start off about the service. The hostess at the stand was nice and prompt, and the guy who seated us was pleasant as well. Our waitress, Becca, was very nice and attentive. She had quite a few other tables because it was after 10 on a Friday night, but she was still awesome!
Now on to the food...we shared an order of wings for an appetizer and got them buffalo style. You can really taste the smoke flavor and the buffalo sauce gives them a nice kick as well. There's a perfect balance of smokiness and heat and they were sooo good! My sister ordered the NY strip steak and she enjoyed it. I tried a piece of it, and I didn't care for it that much...but I just recently started eating steak so it may have just been my tastebuds. I ordered the big cheeseburger which has a 1/2 pound patty that comes with three slices of cheese (I got American). It has to be made with some pretty lean ground beef because the patty seemed to be a 1/2 pound after cooking as well. It was seasoned well, but I asked for it to be cooked medium and it was on the verge of well done which is definitely too "done" for my liking. The brioche bun was very dense and too thick so I ended up cutting half off the top of my bun. Overall it was still a good burger.
FYI...the wings were so good that my sister wants to go back before we head out lolThe food and service was OK. Not bad but just your typical tourist trap. We were just looking for normal american food rather than creole/ cajun. Definitely a bit expensive for what you get..Lousy service, overpriced food and a manager that doesn't have a clue. We waited over a half hour after being seated and still noone came to our table to offer us even a water, and the place wasn't even busy on a monday nightl! We got up and left. Don't waste your time or money. Head over to Bayou Burger & Sports Co. for a great meal.Food is typical for a Hard Rock Cafe, however, the service was exceptional.   I didn't catch our server's name, but he had a music note tattooed on his nose.  We are a large family with 5 kids and he was fantastic.  Everyone from the hostess at check in to the cashier in the shop was friendly and helpful and just went above and beyond. We had a great experience.On a Saturday night on bourbon street - we were able to get in for early dinner.  We needed light and healthier fare than the fast stuff on Bourbon. 
Enjoyed our buffalo cauliflower wings a lot - really good!  
Chicken salad and chicken sandwich were good and service was decent.