Haydel's is a full service bakery, I came during Mardi Gras season for the king cake.  Probably my favorite in the New Orleans area.  The store is clean and efficient with a large assortment of baked goods.  I'm sure I'll be back before next king cake season.My second favorite place to order a King Cake. I always order "da Parish" style from Haydel's however because we like that type of icing better. Have to get one Haydels each season for the collectible porcelin figure! 
Cake is always most and fresh. Cost is comparable to any other place that has to overnight ship."What is king cake?" I asked out loud when I received an email from a coworker announcing that a king cake had been sent to us from some company friends in New Orleans (honestly, working in San Francisco has SO MANY PERKS, one of them being consistently getting free desserts).
Turns out that king cake is sugary crack baked into cake form and mailed to us by the gods from New Orleans. I only had a small slice, but it was so rich and sweet that I was glad I hadn't gone on and gotten a bigger piece. The cake was gone within minutes of the email going out and announcing it.
A tad on the "too sweet" side for me, but still a yummy cake overall. Though I do have to wonder how long it took them to FedEx it to us in San Francisco from New Orleans!Don't wast your time on the Haydels handheld pies. For $2.50 ,no way.
Pie is not filled properly, pie is heavy and doughy, not enough icing. 
My 86 yo grandpa and I both tried apple and lemon .
No thanks Again..Hubigs come back.
Sorry Haydels , keep making the stale wedding cakes. Tried giving y'all another chance on a baked item.Fabulous place.  Arguably the best doberge and king cake anywhere.  Also, tempting French pastries.  Now in its third generation.  Ask for David.  Tradition plus creative innovation.  Don't try any funny stuff because the proprietors are armed.  Mercifully, it ships to yat ex-pats.
http://www.haydelbakery.com/site.phpWent in for a consultation with Jeanine and she was amazing. Very sweet and knowledgeable. Definitely will be doing further business with her.I'm a native of the south and wanted to surprise some friends (california) with a King Cake. There were some options, but wasn't sure which would be the best choice. Therefore, I made some calls and hands-up, Haydel's Bakery was the best choice. 
I placed my order over the phone, received the order confirmation. Also, the shipping confirmation was provided the day before the king cake wa shipped.  The king cake arrived secured and fresh. I couldn't have ask for a better product and service..
I highly recommend, if you on the market for a king cake, Haydel's bakery will deliver with no issues.. 
THank you Haydel's Bakery for the awesome king cake.. We enjoyed every piece..i was searching for a shippable doberge cake eventually for my upcoming birthday- yes i buy a whole cake each year and its all mine. there are no arguments or negotiations or sharing of this cake, if others want a piece of my birthday cake, they can buy one for me and eat that. this cake is mine.  i'm single and completely selfish when it comes to my birthday, that and my grandmother before she passed sent me money for my own birthday cake and i've continued the tradition since in her name. after all, when i was growing up it was she that often bought me my birthday cake.  
 i ran across Haydels on google.  i read the reviews both here on yelp and on thier facebook page and poured over haydels website. passing the doberge cake i was intrigued by the Russian cake and its history. it had my favorites almond raspberry devils food and rum, not to mention anise. i realized that the amount quoted included next day shipping and what better way to test a bakery is to just order a cake last minute. so i did. i ordered a russian cake and waited anxiously all day.  just a note. i love cake. i have loved cakes since i before was old enough to say "cake" my second birthday i had my own cake and the pictures snapped showed the fun i had first birthday i was sick ear infections. i even ruined cakes climbing up on the table and putting my sweaty little mitts into my mothers candy encrusted easter cake and ate everything until i was caught up to my elbows in cake and frosting it was her fault for leaving the cake on the table what else was a small cake lover to do?  at her wedding there was 3 year old me staring at the wedding cake. oblivious to anything else happening but when they were giving out slices of that cake and the plate was handing to me. had my grandmother not watching me so closely the repeat of the easter cake would have happened i assure you.  so looking for cake has pretty much become an obsession. and i've had them all. good and bad since. buffaloing my grandparents on vacation into dessert cake where ever we were was first. than later onto my own searchings in Los Angeles. RUM CAKES? rum cakes good.   anyway back to Haydels. this afternoon ups safely delivered a well boxed cool packed and wrapped cake into my eager little arms and i cut a piece immediately.. l am so very pleased.  i found a new flavor of cake! the russian mix is so totally  makes a new medley that i personally just love. in general anybody thinking about getting a cake shipped from Haydels. do it. do it quickly. these people know what they are doing. excellent excellent job.  ps. will be getting my birthday cake here. dont know how i will be fitting the multi layer doberge into my fridge but i'll deal with that later. layered yellow with chocolate cream and frosting. mmm.I love this new orleans tradition. Their king cakes come with a collectible trinket instead of plastic baby. Different every year. Worthy collectible. While you're there the cajun cannoli is fabulous.Someone sent me a Cajun Kringle for Christmas and it was so amazing!  I bragged about it so much that this week that I had to go get one for work and one for someone else.  Everyone else was equally impressed with the Cajun Kringle.
I like the Cajun Kringle better than a King Cake but, I've never been one that felt like they had to do the traditional king cake thing.  I also learned this week when I went in for the Kringles that they are always available...it isn't just a holiday thing.
If you haven't had one you have to try it.  Like everyone else has said, Haydel's isn't cheap but you get what you pay for!!My wife and I ordered a praline filled King cake last year to bring out of town for my sisters to try for the first time, and not only was it not filled, but it was dry and tasted very plain!!! We were extremely disappointed!!! Worst King Cake we've ever had hands down!!! The local grocery stores had better King Cakes.My fiancé went to New Orleans for his bachelor party, so I thought of the idea to send him a bachelor adult themed cake to the hotel he was staying at.  I spoke with Tonya, and she was so accommodating and very kind. She sent me pictures of sample cakes, and then did exactly what I wanted. My fiancé and his boys thought it was awesome, and loved the idea.
Thanks for turning my idea into a great memory. 
Just wish I was there to try the cake! They loved it!The BEST king cake in NOLA! It actually won in a king cake tasting competition out of 12 local bakeries, and not to brag, but I picked this as the winner. 
It is the classic old new Orleans king cake that is done right!Best bakery in town!!! The staff is always so helpful here also! Everything is great here including my wedding and grooms cake I got from here!Lovvvvve Haydels! Definitely a hole in the wall type of place but the desserts are classically amazing. They baked our wedding cake (which was pretty off kilter in design-- they totally pulled it off) & it tasted SO GOOD. Even when we defrosted the top layer for our anniversary a full year later, it still tasted heavenly. I've never had a bad Haydels experience. And their prices are super reasonable. Definitely a 5 star place for me :)What can I say, my favorite place to get a king cake (strawberry and cream cheese.)   Sweet and moist and so delicious.  The petit fours are so yummy.  Everything is just so good it's hard to decide to get.They did our wedding cake and my grooms cake back in May, and it was outstanding! Our guests raved at how good they both were. Our wedding cake looked so pretty that it looked fake lol. My grooms cake was a Chicago Cubs cake and the ivy on it looked extremely realistic and the cake it self was awesome. Thank you guys for your outstanding work and attention to detail, if you're looking for a bakery on your special day, they're the ones to go with ! Thanks again !
-Dallas & MirandaI love walking in and experience the amazing smell of a bakery. Everything I have tried, I love. My absolute favorite is the turtles.I went there for a Cajun Kringle and ended up with the whole store!! The Cajun Kringle is a pastry with a praline filing. It also has caramel icing on top with pecans. It's usually only available during Christmas time. It's so tasty and yummy that you can't just have one piece! I was happy to also buy a Christmas King Cake. I love the red and green sugar! Their king cakes are always fresh. You also can't go to Haydel's without getting their doberge squares! I bought 4 each of the lemon and chocolate. They melt in your mouth, they're so good. They had many other delicious pastries such as German chocolate squares, petit fours, and macaroons. You can also order custom cakes. I love their lemon buttercream filing. 
Get there when they open during the Christmas holidays!! The line grows.I love to find local legends and find out what all the hub-bub is all about. I wanted to try the king cake, but they were sold out. I got a 'sample' of the Russian Cake &......I'm in love! everyone else liked their goodies too. Get there early the staff said.Haydel's is a treasure trove of treats! Here you will find an abundance of cakes, cookies, chocolates, and hand pies, and of course king cakes. Some of the cakes are seasonal and of course king cakes are seasonal.  One of my favorite cakes is the Russian cake. It's a mix of gold cake, devil's food cake, and almond cake all mixed with raspberry jelly, rum flavor and anise then topped with butter cream icing.  It's the best cake!  Then there are the king cakes. If you're from New Orleans you already know King Cakes are seasonal and if you are not from here now you know. For me personally Haydel's has the best king cakes. They are consistently amazing! My personal favorites are the traditional and the apple filled. Although I'm leaning toward trying a lemon filled if they have them this coming carnival season. I've tried king cakes from many different places around the city and they just do not measure up to the quality of the Haydel's king cake. A pro tip for carnival season is to come early in the day because people line up before the bakery opens each day. Also buy a size bigger than you think you will need, and you will thank me later. Until next time Haydel's I'll be dreaming about your Russian cake and king cakes!Just tried your new "Hubig's" style baked pie. It was incredibly good. It really is so much better than the old Hubig's. Congrats.So last night my two best friends had a wedding. The bride was promised an amazing cake, what she received looked like a prank cake made by a twelve year old. This is an out rage.Great selection of the best king cakes I have EVER tasted!!!! Their other bakery items are also GREAT!!!! The STAFF is top rated!!! Very helpful even when the place is packed!!!! 5 stars!!!I moved away and really missed the fantastic pastries here so I placed an order for when I arrived from out of town. (I wanted to be sure my faves were available when I got there.)  I didn't realize till I was across the lake that the pastries (eclairs, cream puffs) had been previously frozen!!  Disgusting!  It seems so many great bakeries are now focusing on king cakes to the detriment of their regular pastry. What a damn shame.I ordered handpies and was going to have them delivered to the hotel where my wedding was being held. I got a call from the shipping manager, Kayleigh, who told me (1) they cater at my hotel, so they'd deliver them to the hotel for me for free, (2) they'd comp me extra pies for the shipping costs I didn't need to pay anymore, and (3) I could have custom labels with my wedding event details for free... The customer service was really outstanding and way beyond what I was expecting. Also -- the pies were a hit with everyone! Really positive experience!Awesome pastries at this place. Just make sure you get there early before they sell them all.Many people told me about this place when I moved to the Jefferson area.
Right around Mardi gras I went here and purchased a king cake. The reason being is because so many of the grocery stores in the area only had plain king cakes.
I went in in half expecting the same results out of them. Thankfully that was not the case. I was surprised to see such a wide variety of baked goods. I went ahead and ordered a strawberry cream cheese king cake. I took said king cake with me to work. Me and several of my co-workers tried a slice. I found this king cake to be very delicious.  Next mardi gras I am going to stop here and pick up another! Also I might try one of their cajun kringles.
The only downside to this place is the fact that it is a little pricey. But I don't mind paying a little extra for quality.
In short this is a fantastic bakery! But be prepared to pay a little more than you normally would.That night we all hung out I must have been drunkenly rambling about our love of almondy pastries and our full-fledged obsession with New Orleans doberge? How else would our friend Dean know to so kindly drop off these exact baked goods to us when we were in town last week? A wizard?! A genius?! Oh man... 
We so appreciated.
Gahdamn those almond crescent pastries were dope, cream-filled and caramelized... Excellent... Be about em... But people, I've never, nevereverever had a doberge as light, moist, and delectable as Haydel's almond variety. Twas so sweet and wonderful! Meltingly! It haunts me! Here I am at 5 in the morning with these thoughts.  
I have daydreamed about that lil many-layered square of yellow cake and almond cream every single day since I first shoved it into my hungover mung mouth. Haydel's is all up on my doberge radar, almond all the way. Swooooons.I have been enjoying Haydel's Bakery's delicious King Cakes every Mardi Gras season since 1993.  I do not live in Louisiana and have them shipped to me right from the bakery.  They arrive fast and fresh and are incredibly delicious.  My friends and family look forward to the yearly Haydel's treats.
I want to leave a special shout out to the wonderful people in the Haydel's Bakery shipping department.  Someone was kind enough to send me a King Cake as a gift, and I was horrified to open my door and see that some creature had beat me to the package.  Something had dug a hole in the box and ate almost half of the cake.  This was not Haydel's fault at all (unless you can blame Haydel's for making such irresistibly delicious King Cakes), but they kindly and unnecessarily offered to replace it for me.  That was certainly above and beyond and so very much appreciated.Incredibly disappointed after years of ordering the Kajun Kringle, the mailing price kept increasing, especially to loved ones far away from NOLA. Found O&H bakery and they charge for next day air shipping $9.99 per address all over the USA. Their Kringle's are every bit as good as Handels.  Sad but true. Pity they have priced themselves out of getting my repeat business.As a New Orleans native living in California for the past 30 years, I have looked forward to receiving a King Cake  from my aunt, who sent one to my work each year since I've been in California.  When she passed away, her daughter continued the tradition.  Cakes from Haydel's were always good and the boxes full of Mardi Gras surprises.  Really fun for my co-workers who have never been to NO or Mardi Gras.  I recently sent one to my dog's veterinarian here in California, who is also a Louisiana native.  (He and his staff have gone beyond the call of duty to help save my dog.)  Overall, I'm happy with the experience.  My reluctance to give 5 stars is that I didn't see feel that good old Southern hospitality when dealing with some of the staff.  Maybe that is a bit unfair....but, I'd give 4.5 stars if I could.Very consistent. This past Mardi Gras, we enjoyed "hands down" the best King Cake of the season from there.Good but EXPENSIVE. love the king cake here. wedding cake kind of sucks.We LOVED our cake from Haydels!! I usually dont think that wedding cakes taste very good since they're often made in advance. Ours was AMAZING. We went with an almond cake with praline frosting and it was seriously the best cake I've ever had. All of our guests kept commenting to us it was the best cake they've ever had and asked where we got it to see if they could score some more sweet treats from them before they left town. We also had a three-tiered king cake for our grooms cake which was equally delicious. We can't recommend them enough!Tried one of their King Cakes for the first time. I heard a lot about their cakes and was looking forward to trying them. This was shipped to me from New Orleans. The taste was good and had the texture of a regular danish. However I was disappointed to see that they added hydrogenated oil to their pastries. Looking on the back of their King Cake box (see my uploaded photo) the ingredients aren't that different from an off the shelf pastry I get from my local store.Michelle G, you rock, Yelper pal. Due to your review, I ordered a lemon doberge cake to be shipped to a family event that I could not attend. Then I sat back and waited nervously, hoping that the cake would be suitably impressive.
Chewing at my nails, completely worried, I called Mom to hear how the cake arrived. It was perfect, she says. So, of course, I ask how it tasted. Wowee! Fancy! Moist! Mom assured me that the cake was so well received that I wasn't missed...well, perhaps that is going a bit far.
Haydel's does a great job. Ordering is easy. Descriptions are clear. Prices are fair, especially considering the quality. Heck, I should order one of these just for me!
Anyhow, thanks, Michelle G. This cake was just what I needed to tell the fam how much I love them. So, I'm logging back into their website tonight to send another lemon doberge to another event that I'm unable to attend. Ah well. This is another group of folks who will end up preferring the cake to my company.My original review for Haydel's was the 2nd one I ever wrote. So 5 years later time to revisit.  The location is not the most welcoming with a solid brick building and only a glass door to peer through. (All the parking is behind and on the side of the store by the way.) But once you're inside, you're breathing in the beauty that is sugar and dough.
They make beautiful cakes (OMG try the doberge) here and have assorted other pastries (my Mom is a big fan of their Russian cake slices). But c'mon you know you're here for the King Cake. 
Their cakes are deliciously consistent and the plain is anything but. I prefer the unfilled cakes because I feel the fillings are overkill but go crazy and do what makes you happy. I love that the baby is inside the cake when you get it...as it should be! And the porcelain collectables are a really cute lagniappe.
PLUS Haydel's is the place to ship a cake from. They do huge volume and the cakes arrive on-time and delicious.  
Bonus for the Uptown folks, they have a popup at SnoWizard on Magazine for King Cake season in case the trek along Claiborne to Jeff Hwy is just too much for you.I love Haydel's Bakery! I have a friend who was in basic training for the Navy and I ordered a king cake to be sent to him. They delivered it exactly when they said they would and the way it was packaged was beautifully done! I couldn't have been happier. This is the only place I buy king cakes from during Mardi Gras and their petit fours are a wonderful treat year-round!Best king cakes - especially praline. And believe me I tried 16 this season.
Try the cajun kringle - also phenomenal, it's praline pastry. i ate almost half of it just driving around doing christmas shopping one day.
My husband likes the russian cake which has a bunch of random stuff in it. 
I love all the cookies. 
This is a dangerous place, don't go if you're on a diet. It's delishhhhhhhh.You'll never find a better king cake.  Everything is top notch.A friend of mine, fellow reviewer Cubb C., once told me that the date palm outside of Haydel's is filed with parakeets. It is, 23 of them to be exact. Of course, I have my own theory on this. I once read somewhere that flamingos are pink because of pigments contained in certain algae that are a part of their diet. If that's the case, then I think it's entirely possible that these "parakeets" are just pigeons that have eaten an awful lot of king cake. Either way, Haydel's makes not only the best king cake in the area (in my opinion) but also some of the best baked goods of all sorts that you will find anywhere.Petit fours are awesome and of course we had cookies and kind cakes for the party later this evening. The staff was extremely pleasant on the the phone and generous with the order. Definitely worth The visit. Should order in advance as the fresh baked goods daily too quickly!So this review is only for a king cake. Purchased one when my parents came to town. Cake was nicely decorated with the typical purple, green, gold. The cake was rather dry and I have had other cakes in the area that I preferred. They are def on the high end price wise as well.If you're looking for good King Cake, look no further. King Cake is a New Orleans tradition and no one does it better than Haydel's. 
Ever since my family moved from New Orleans to California, my mother has bought me a King Cake for my birthday instead of a regular cake. That was twenty years ago and every time is was from Haydel's. (I know, it's for Mardi Gras. But screw it, I just love eating them.)
The bread is soft, the icing delicious. It's not for the faint of heart though. The icing is super sugary and is not for everyone. Make sure you have some friends around, say 10 or more, to share it with.It's Mardi Gras season, y'all! I've had God knows how many scrumptious slices of Haydel's king cake in my life, but today is the first day I've ever set foot inside of their glorious bakery. And glorious it was. I was immediately hit with a wall of cinnamon spice aroma when I walked through the door to buy our household's first king cake of the season, and it made me want to cozy up there with a blanket in this rainy New Orleans weather and hang out all damn day.
This is THE king cake to buy if you want the authentic, legit, Mardi Gras king cake to conquer all king cakes. Don't bother with the garbage they try to sell you at Rouse's and Winn-Dixie. Each Haydel's king cake comes with a plastic baby already planted inside (if you don't know, you betta aks somebody), but as a bonus they also include a really cool collectible ceramic "baby" (today we lucked out and got the Nyx purse). 
It's well worth the short trek over to Jefferson Parish to get a first-hand glimpse (and smell) of where true Carnival magic is made.Not only are the king cakes delicious, but the staff is wonderful as well.  I needed a pastry to cheer up a sick friend in Houston & the king cake from her favorite home store did the trick.  Customer service was everything I want in a shop: friendly, polite & accommodating when needed.  Thank you.  She loved it!I don't think you can go wrong with anything here....everything I've ever had is good.  The apple danish, cinnamon rolls, king cakes, petit fors, everything...of course the cakes too.  I haven't tried the chocolates but I am sure they are good.  Courteous staff.My husband and I used Haydel's for our wedding cake. Their service and attention to detail from our initial tasting to the wedding was impeccable. All of our guests raved about the cake-- a few said it was the best they had ever had!
We recently celebrated our first anniversary and enjoyed the top tier of our cake (following tradition). We followed their freezing instructions and, after defrosting our cake, it tasted as fresh as it did on our wedding day.Haydels's Copycat Pie No Comparison To The Real Deal 
Haydel's Bakery's new copycat Hubigs pie holds no comparison to the real deal. Hubigs Pie's has been out of business for a while and now Haydel's is trying to make a copycat pie like theirs use to be, but the pie is baked not fried like Hubig's was. Plus the price is real high at 2.49 each for a hand pie. Don't get me wrong, Haydel's is know for some of the best pastries around but this review is solely on this pie. The pie lack the firm crisp crust and sugar coating like New Orleanians are use to from Hubig's.  Also, the filling is skimpy inside, but the fillings are good, however. I miss Hubigs Pies still they were one of kind.OMG this cake is the bomb!  Someone had one sent to work and I just had a slice and had to come on yelp and review it!  I've never heard of a King cake until now and my god, this cake is delicious!  It is sweet and sugary and definitely not for the weak.  The taste reminds me of a danish so if you like danishes, you will like this.
Unfortunately, the slice I got didn't have the baby.  If I ever find myself in New Orleans, I will definitely be coming back for more!  This place is a must try if you are a sweets, dessert and cake person!One of my 2 childhood bakeries.  They do a good job with all the bakery standards.  And their king cakes are delicious.Haydel's is my neighborhood bakery and I feel pretty lucky to live so close to it. I absolutely love their king cake (the BEST in New Orleans --- I have tried at least 15 New Orleans king cakes and Haydel's is hands out the best), their eclairs, salt water taffys, and everything else, really. It is worth every bite, money, calories and soul.It is simply the best!  Almond Croissants, Doberge Cakes, Wedding Cakes, Hand pies, King Cakes, Christmas Kringle, Taffy, Candy, Cookies, Fudge, and even homemade biscuits. Everything is so good!I came here in December because I had heard good things and was looking to bring some king cake to my family up in NY when I visited for Christmas. Unfortunately, I was unable to take a proper picture because as soon as we opened the plastic wrapping off of the cake when it got to NY we immediately devoured the cake (I kid you not-within 5 minutes there was about 1/4 of the cake left). 
It was really good! There are A LOT of sprinkles which I personally love because I like the crunch and the sweetness. However, my sister didn't like this cake because she said there were too many sprinkles so if you don't like a lot of sprinkles this might not be the king cake for you. If you're like me though and you love sprinkles, then you will love this king cake!
The brioche was also super moist, a tad sweet, and had the perfect amount of cinnamon flavor (not too much but just enough). The frosting was sweet and they are somewhat liberal with the frosting but they didn't overdo it. 
I paid $25 for a cake which I don't think is too expensive given the size. With that said, there are definitely cheaper options at other bakeries. Although it wasn't my favorite, I really enjoyed this king cake, have no complaints and I would happily return again!I can't believe I haven't reviewed Haydels yet. I live down the street from this place and honestly its one of my favorite places in the neughborhood. The baked goods are phenomenal and super delicious. The pricing is quite reasonable and the staff that works there is very attentive and helpful. They always have plenty of King Cakes during Mardi Gras and are some of my favorite in the city (and I normally don't like King Cakes). 
My favorite are the chocolate chip cookies though, they are utterly fantastic. I want them to my the last thing I taste on earth, pure sheer heaven. 
I wish they were open longer hours but otherwise this place is perfect.Have I really not reviewed one of my favorite bakeries in New Orleans?
I have so many stories of this bakery but today I brought my friend to buy a medium cream cheese king cake.
YALL - this is what a king cake is. You get an awesome porcelain doll, delicious dough, sugar, filling on top, and friendly employees! What else could you have or want in a bakery?
Now for the non- Mardi Gras season, I enjoy the chocolate doberge cake, petit fours, and basically anything else. I did notice that they are trying to break into the pie business so I will make sure to try a chocolate one next time I'm there.
Rumor has it they will be on uber eats soon if that is your thing.
Man, I really want some king cake right about now. If during king cake season you cannot make it "all the way" to Jefferson highway you can try one of their pop up locations.If only every city had a bakery like this. I live about 45 minutes away from Haydel's but I will gladly drive there for their tiramisu cake. Best I have ever had!  My wife really likes the many flavors of petit fours they offer. The staff is always real nice. I loved their t.v. show too. I've only tried the tiramisu and about 3 flavors of petit fours but they were worth 5 stars. I can't wait to try something new next time we go. Their macaroons always look very good but I have yet to taste them.Not only a great place for king cakes, but a great bakery all year round. Try the petit fours, the cookies, the cakes, and all of the other delicious treats that they make. They also make a decent cup of coffee with many options such as coffee and chicory or decaf or regular. They are a great bakery for wedding cakes as well. They are patient and will make sure you get what you want. I had my amazing groom's cake done here as well and they did an amazing job.Two words for the holiday season...CAJUN KRINGLE!  
Last year, I discovered the Cajun Kringle.  Since then, I have given them to clients, brought them to friends and even shipped them for the holidays.  The Cajun Kringle might be the great baked invention ever (well, that and brownies).
Last week, I ordered a couple Kringles via their website and they arrived to rave reviews just on the day that they website said they would arrive.  I also walked into today and picked up a couple more.  I'll agree they are not cheep but you really get what you pay for from Haydel's.
It's the holidays, splurge a little and get yourself a Cajun Kringle if no one else got ya one!Awesome bakery, they have king cakes available off season (not during mardi gras) which we were thankful for because on our first trip to NOLA we really wanted to try the king cake. 
They also have lots of great little baked goods such as Russian cake! Wow delicious, highly recommend that. 
We got 2 types of king cakes... Praline (pronounced "praw-leen" by the way) and cream cheese. I liked the praline best. 
If you've never had king cake... It tastes a little like a Cinnabon.
Enjoy!Everything is fantastic. Love their king cake, birthday cakes, petite fors, doberge cakes, etc.  I ordered my wedding cake from Haydel's last year.  It was decorated beautifully and taste just as good.  The decorators really captured what I envisioned. Overall, fantastic bakery.Skip the cupcakes go for the Doerge.
Haydel's is a great family owned New Orleans bakery with a wide assortment of sweets. Their brownies are excellent as well as their doberge cake. My one complaint about Haydel's is that some of their desserts are overly sweet. The buttercream frosting is overwhelmingly sugary. 
Friendly staff and quick service. Worth the visit!No kidding, the best King Cake in New Orleans. There is always a line out the door, and for good reason. This is the best bakery ever! I know a lot of tourists check this site for king cakes...this is the place you need to order from.
They also have great little treats. Sometimes I just go in for a little sweetie every now and then when I get in the mood. 
Always good conversation with the workers, too. Everyone always seems to be in a good mood.We were looking for a place to get some King's cake since most places didn't have it anymore since Mardi Gras was over. We found this little gem and when you walked in, the selection of baked goods was so delicious looking, it was hard to pick what to get. We got the Russian cake, and I have to say, it's amazing!! My only regret is that I didn't get more. We picked two of the different kings cake, the praline and the cream cheese. The praline was amazing. Definitely worth the drive!Big fan of Haydel's!
Great little bakery off of Jefferson Hwy.
Bought a specialty birthday cake there once and it was a HUGE HIT!
Great desserts and service!Hands down best bakery to choose for shipping king cakes. I've already sent out 5 this season and they all arrived as scheduled and tasting as delectable as expected.
Super easy to order online. 
All the other treats I've tried have been equally delicious. My best friend is addicted to their chocolate turtles....it's almost a problem :) Friendly service, clean bakery and decent prices.I can't imagine anyone giving Haydel's less than 5 stars! I lived in New Orleans for three months and Haydel's was literally the icing on the cake of my experience. Everything is so delicious!My family is from New Orleans and we currently live in California. King Cake is something we love and is hard to find here in Los Angeles.
My best friend was in NOLA 2 weeks ago and recommended Haydel's and I am happy she did. I placed the order for a King cake, it arrived the next day and it tasted AMAZING! It was fresh, moist and delicious. Even a week later, it still was fresh and moist. 
Haydel's you have a new customer here on the West Coast!I have to go to this place!  If you come to NOLA leave the quarter and venture to this place.  They have the best cannolis outside of NYC.  The cannolis are not in the display case, they are made to order. We usually get a dozen mini-cannolis to go when we have visitors.  Over St Patrick day they have a lovely alter to the patron Saint. Besides the cannoli the gelato is amazing we have never had one we didn't like. Thanks for being open for over 100 years.We went to Haydel's because I was immensely curious about doberge. My friend is not a big fan but he is a big fan of Haydel's king cakes and so he decided to go them for doberge.
We got there fairly early, and I ordered the chocolate doberge, petit fours, and turtles, while my friend ordered half a dozen cupcakes and macarons to go. I opted for black coffee -- which was a little on the too bitter spectrum -- to drink with my breakfast treats, and I was glad I do not take sugar with my coffee. The boldness counterbalanced the sweets I chose to accompany it.
The treats were ever so slightly sweeter than I would like my treats, but the other flavors were good. The texture for each treat was perfect, moist or perfectly supple where they needed to be. I was a bit regretful that I ordered way too many treats because one of them would have sufficed. I am not making this comment because my health conscience kicked in while I was binging, but rather, as mentioned, the goods were ever so slightly than my preference. 
I loved their offerings and would definitely go back. I have received their king cake for gifts twice before also, and they were a hit with everyone with whom I deemed worthy enough to share my special Louisiana treat. I know I will be back to Haydel's again.I ordered two cream cheese filled King Cakes from Haydel's, and spent over $96 for these.  Haydel's delivered the cakes,but they didn't have cream cheese filling.  The cakes we received were boring - flavorless.
These were the worst King Cakes we have ever had!
After 12 years of ordering King Cakes from a different bakery, we switched to Haydel's because the other bakery started screwing up our orders.  Haydel's is not only no better at delivering the product as ordered, they don't even care that they screwed up!
The other bakery at least responded to us, and tried to correct their error.  Not so with Haydel's.  Despite an email to them, we've heard nothing from them.  They apparently have no customer service.
So, if you don't care if you get what you order, go ahead and buy from Haydel's.  But, if you're like me, and you expect to get what you pay for, find a different bakery.Ohhhh yea. 
We tried their little Russian cakes, Almond croissants, and a chocolate cake thingy. No, we did not get a king cake from them!!! :( 
But the yummy goodies we did get were soooo good, and not overly expensive at all! 
We had to take the baked goodies to-go because the small dining area was packed. But who cares? We had goodies to savor for days!Ordered a Russian Cake and King's Cake from here to be shipped to Los Angeles. Came right on time and taste just like if i were eating it in New OrleansThe very best king cakes and pastries in New Orleans.   Great people too.  I also love the fruit pies you can get at stores around the city.  Chocolate is to die for.I've purchased several large traditional King Cakes this season. All have been excellent! Service is awesome!Poor customer service. Disorganized office for custom orders. Rude staffers. Then they put salt on top of our king cake instead of sugar. Bad business no matter how you slice it.I've tried the king cakes from all over the city and Haydels is by far the best. Their cakes are consistent fresh and beautifully decorated and not overly sugared or sweet. The know the difference between cake and cinnamon roll. The only place to buy a real New Orleans king cake with a unique baby to boot.Ordered king cakes two years a row to ship to north Louisiana. They were very dry both times and not at all worth the $50.  I reached out to them via email but no reply.  Will just buy locally moving forward.  On a positive, the shipping is a smooth process.Haydel's.  A little piece (or big piece!) of heaven right here in New Orleans.  From their turtle cookies to their cream cheese filled King Cake it's all so good.  The amazing part is their staff.  The line can be out of the door and you are in and out with something amazing in 10 minutes.  Their staff is always well trained, pleasant and happy to serve you.  Get something good!