They present the best coffee in New Orleans, and they present it so effortlessly. The place is true to its original form, as opposed to being completely gutted, devoid of that true-to-my-original-story charm. 
Write Hey! Café in brightly colored capital letters on the top of your to-do list when you visit the Big Easy, and I bet you'll be skipping in each trip thereafter.Great place to grab some coffee and use Internet when Cox goes out at home! There are plenty of outlets to plug in. 
Never feel crowded and outside patio is a plus.Cute little hole in the wall.  It's deceptively large. Has 1 table outside a few tables in the front of the coffee shop a middle room and a back patio. With alittle elbow grease this place could be amazing. But the chai tea latte was the best I've found in the city and the maple pecan muffin was great!Ok, their iced coffee is Delish! Yaaaaayy! AND they have almond milk!!! But, no simple syrup with which to sweeten it. Let me tell you a little something about simple syrup: every coffee house needs to have it.  It is a sign of true iced coffee serving professionalism and I hope I don't have to explain why. 
I selected a moist an tasty looking muffin that was BRAN... it was dry. But it was a BRAN muffin. What did I expect? *sigh*
I'll return, though. I dig.If I hadn't gotten that groupon thing I probably never would have walked in here, but this is one example of why groupon works for some businesses. I felt so gutter punk during my 4-hour work session and three cappuccino's at this place but it was really a great environment for working. The staff is AMAZINGLY nice, but you know, in a cool way, not in a Cc's coffee sort of way.Great, local spot close to Audubon Park. Greg is one of the two owners & is super cool. They also have free wifi under the  "you're a champion" network!
I had the chai latte. It was relatively good but a bit light on flavor/spice. The low sweetness was just perfect though. They also offer food, but I'd already eaten.  Next time though...it all looked good!Good coffee is hard to find in Norleans
Hey Cafe is hard to find and the coffee is great. Goodluck finding themWalk in off magazine from a spin class to smell the delicious aromas of coffee! The Barista was knowledgeable with his love of coffee and made a delicious cafe au lait. Best part though was the cinnamon simple syrup to flavor!The flavor of the blended mocha changes every time I get one.sometimes they put too much ice which ruins the flavor. The staff is friendly. Overall when the blended mocha is well done it's yummy :). You can just ask them not to put  a lot of ice or if you want is sweeter .We went there out of necessity (bathroom for Mardi Gras) after NY pizza wouldn't let my 5 year old son use theirs. I met the nicest lady there who asked no questions and I just had to return the very next day to support them. What I got in return was great service and a great iced mocha!!!! Very smooth and would return as often as I can!!!! I purchased 4 bottles of water, a Powerade and an iced coffee for about 12.00I LOVE THIS PLACE! Great vibe, great staff, and fantastic coffee! That pretty much sums it up...Stopped by for coffee and a quick Sunday morning bite. The crunchy veggie cream cheese was probably the highlight, and I really wanted to love the seeded roll, but the texture was rather tough and didn't feel very fresh. The coffee was just okay, and I found myself missing a home-brewed pot of dark roast Caribou. Decor and overall ambiance was 110% too hipster for my taste. Rather disappointed since this place was so highly recommended to me.Adding to addition of searching for another hipster coffee house hangout. 
Hey! Cafe lands itself into a happy medium of quirks and vegetarian eats. Which is a pretty rare find in NoLa and I am willing ready to rejoice when I do find it! 
The front of the cafe is cozy thus allowing you to amp up your laptop (free wifi!!) while doing some people watching at the same time. 
The back end leads to a more private area to sit away from the front. I think I like most is the little nook between the two that holds indie magazines, records, and the iconic Hey! Cafe t-shirts should you feel like showing your little cafe some support.Hey! Cafe is the old school kind of coffee house that we all love to love ...if you're into grungier kind of places that reek of coffee, cigarettes, vegan baked goods, books, records and all other kinds of java-esque flotsam and jetsam. (I will admit that perhaps I was imagining the cigarettes? They certainly seem appropriate here or maybe I'm speaking under the influence...of caffeine and nostalgia). 
My iced Americano with soy was prepared with love here. Not a perfect brew, but when you have an environment like this, who cares? These kinds of places barely exist anymore, what with *bucks, or even the independent types of places that are so slick, you feel you need to show up wearing cocktail attire.
Comfy, cozy... I could spend hours in here and I think I did.Ok so this one is tricky...
It's on the list of best coffee in town and since we're staying I the garden district off magazine st. deciding give a shot..  Well it's certainly a popular place for locals so that's good. The appearance was not to my like, it's old (like everything here and I love that! don't get me wrong) and not charming or good looking.  My husband got a cortado he liked it. I ordered a cafe au lait..  no thank you I'd rather have cafe du monde's  sorry! This one was like a plain black brew with nonfat liquid milk ..disappointed. 
But that's just me go try for your selThe fact that I can walk in here and order "an ice blended thingy" (and I'm not the only one who calls it that) and each person behind the counter knows what I'm talking about and don't be lookin at me all crazy pleases me very much. The coffee is great. They have an herb crusted tofu sandwich I've yet to try, and the atmosphere is mellow. Reminds me of a cleaner less seedier Kaldi's...kicking' it old school if you know what Kaldi's is.  More reasons I love it: weird old white men sit outside and smoke cigarettes, come inside and drink coffee, then go back out to smoke; men who wear suspenders and have macho mustaches frequent the place; and it's next door to a 24 hour bar. Honestly, though all the workers there were nice and smiling, though they could've had the "2 kool for skool" attitude. Great place to write or think.I'm going to try and not be unabashedly partial, but maybe i'm writing this sentence so i don't have to.
Hey! is a labor of love by local kids in the neighborhood whose dedication and heart for the community and people around them alone would be enough for repeated support, if and only if the coffee and consumables (however minimal depending on time of day) were not also offered with as much considerable care and deliberation.  VIsit the website for a pre-taste.
www.heycafe.biz
The coffee is fresh (as it damn well better be), as well as everything else they can muster, all of LOCAL SOURCED, and they strive for ORGANIC everything and NON-IMPACT as much as possible.  Everything, for now, is moderately old-school: from the hand poured self-timed espresso to the pannini-press sandwiches compiled and squeezed while you drool to the fresh-squeezed lemonade crying to wash away the heat.  Red Velvet cupcakes.
The stewardship is young, and you can expect the vibe and aesthetic to be so, too.  I note one reviewer mentioned the cleanliness of the cafe was not commercial, so to speak, but please take note this place is between Ms Mae's and Cassamento's, indicating a multiplier of TEN for the building versus the ages of it's proprietors.  It's what you call old-world charm.  That said, the continuing progress of making what is ancient new is a battle the owners and most of the patrons are long fighting, and its continuing revival should be witnessed, enjoyed (and/if not) participated in.
Artists and students are the predominant patronage, with every walk of life also passing by and through.  Merchandise for the non-parched or hungry is slim, but there is some interesting music on the shelf.  Speaking of that, there are often all-ages rawk shows in Hey!'s back room.  So fond are my memories of the teenaged basement concert, the rented out backroom, the shitty PAs and the kids both scared on stage and finally free for the first time.  For me, the lifeblood of a cafe, much like a church or bar or work of art is the life it inspires in those within/about/participating with it, and my opinion culminates here with a very large thirst.  
The rooms are small and comfy, central A/C coming soon, the tables are better than DIY and ample enough for workspace; outlets for lappies everywhere.  Bonus: SNES in the back room, and no end to the sucker challengers who think they have a shot at defeating my Sagat in SF2.  Bigger bonus: Hey! is dog and child friendly.
I've lived at and ran cafe's for a long time, almost half of my life.  These guys have all the right combinations not only for personal success, but to lead the way for kind of community building often designed in other places, but effectively applied in that special way only New Orleans has to offer.  It will be most rewarding to see this business grow and flourish, and it doesn't seem to have any choice in the matter.
***love***Yep. Definitely a fan. It's not a huge place, but they're open later than most coffee shops, which for the most part inexplicably close at 10 p.m. (Don't they know my workday begins around 9 p.m. and ends at 5 a.m.?) The iced mocha was tasty, the other people inside were friendly, and they have nice huge tables in the second room with a mysterious and intriguing staircase that leads to... I'm not sure where. Yet.Always good for a vanilla iced coffee! Close to my job, so I can always stop in for a cup before the daily grind. I'd love to try a sandwich, but I'm always in a rush. Greg is usually behind the counter when I go there, and he's always friendly. Comfortable place that knows their regulars, and takes care of you from the moment you walk in.There's a rad, intimate little space for bands to play in the back of the coffee shop.Cute coffee shop with a decent latte, as long as you don't mind it being a bit disorganized.Small hipster coffeeshop right next to Ms. Mae's. Friendly baristas, not crowded on a Saturday morning. Free wifi, few outlets, not a lot of tables. Weather was nice so AC wasn't on (or maybe they don't have AC- two big fans were mounted above the doorways, so methinks not) and back door was open to outdoor patio. However, the temp was really pleasant and such a nice change from sitting in freezing coffeeshops for hours! 
The bathroom has a noisy hand dryer which seems to serve the purpose of letting everyone know who washed their hands and who didn't! Maybe they get distracted by the interesting graffiti on the walls and forget to wash?
Apparently, they roast their own coffee (according to their website) and the iced coffee did the trick. Last time I was here I ordered a dirty chai and it was really unimpressive. Though there was a new girl training and there is a high likelihood she forgot I ordered chai or mixed up my order, but no biggie. They brew their own chai too, so I'll try it next time.
I also love the feel of the neighborhood community here. Just ran into my next door neighbor as I was looking up from typing this review!Really great coffee shop except for the drug-addict looking barista that always charged me more than the other baristas. I lived a few blocks away and would go in everyday and she would always charge me $1 more. Other than that I think they have reasonable prices, delicious sandwiches and Stein's bagels.Great Coffee.  Nuff Said.
Not a lot of choice for breakfast other than pastries.This is a great local coffee shop.  In my opinion, the best thing about this place is that it offers DELICIOUS vegan pastries, other vegetarian and vegan offerings of food, and really knows how to make a soymilk-based coffee drink.  The free internet and worn-in feel of the place make it a great office-away-from-home whenever I need to do some work, get away from the house (or office), and have a delicious treat in a friendly place.  Love it!The Hey! Cafe is my second home. I how every chair feels on my butt and how every mug feels in my hand. I know every barista's name and I can tell you how much everything on the menu costs. 
The Hey Cafe is not so much a business as a clubhouse for the progressive, the off-kilter, and the fascinating freaks of New Orleans. The folks who work there care a great deal about the quality of the coffee and the food that they make. 
There's an old-style arcade cabinet and a tiny record store. There are kids studying for finals and lawyers grabbing their pre-work latte and the good cops from across the street communing with the basketball kids who are bumming cups of water and the occasional bag of chips. Sit in one of the chairs out front and I guarantee you'll hear some of the best tales you've ever heard from the old story machines who waste the day there. Sit in one of the chairs in the patio out back and you'll meet your new drinking buddies.
The Hey! Cafe is run by people with good and true hearts. The coffee is astounding. The community is unparalleled.Great little cafe in a wonderful area of Magazine Street. 
Loved that they let our little pup in while we ordered and waited for food. Even gave her a special pup cup for water. 
Coffee was great. I almost always take my coffee fully black but on a whim decided to throw almond milk and the cinnamon simple syrup they had in there and really enjoyed it. 
Had a nice but small selection of sandwiches. My main reason for going here was that my partner and dad would be going to get some seafood lunch but I am vegan so wanted to find a good place to grab something before they went to eat. This fit the bill! Sandwich menu is about half vegan half veg or meat. So even if they are out of the one vegan sandwich you want, they will likely have others. I had the vegan muffalata and while nowhere near as calorie laden as an original, it was great. 
I could see myself stopping here often if I lived nearby - check it out for great coffee plus good vegan sandwiches or non plus some savory pastries.Continuing my search for my go-to coffee shop. Stumbled in here on a cold night. Coffee (double cap) was good --much better than most I've had in Nola coffee shops, but just not hot enough. Dont get me wrong, I appreciate it when the coffee is not overheated, but this was seriously barely tepid. Nice space though, super friendly staff and WWOZ on (but not so loud as to be annoying). No outlets tho and only open to 9pm. Free wifi and also have soy and almond milk, if you're into that kind of thing.
I'll go back.Great atmosphere to chill and enjoy some coffee. The thing they I like about it is that it's not loud here. Only on one weird occasion a cashier went super ignorant on me, she actually told me to make my own sandwich. Her exact words were" make your own fucking sandwich". But that was in my opinion an isolated incident and i really respect the owner for " correcting " the situation when i explained To him
What happened  Haven't seen her there since:/ Thumbs up!It's alright.  I don't go out of my way to come here.  The coffee wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything to write home about.  The venue is pretty grungy. Definitely in the pool of Z'otz and Rue. The good part about these places is that you can sit and write (or what have you) as you please. Nobody bothers you.They make the best caramel latte I've ever had...I crave it!!! I don't exactly know how or why it's better than others but they use very fresh milk (from a Baton Rouge farm) and they brew great coffee. 
Also, they make a yummy grilled cheese sandwich.Its' a cute little shop with more seats in the back.
Vanilla latte (4/5) 
Chai latte (2/5)
Overall, this coffee shop have decent drinks.best baristas in NOLA. awesome coffee, lattes,etc
bagels not bad either.
hipster coffee shop with wifi and ambience.I love Hey Cafe! The staff are always friendly and welcoming, and sometime last year I was told that they had someone come in and train all the baristas so that the espresso drinks would be top notch, and it clearly worked.  
The baked goods are delicious, fresh, and worth a try (especially the morning muffins.)  I also had a peanut butter and honey sandwich there last week and it was so so good, and cheap!
Sometimes they put in more flavoring syrup then I like, but I just watch or say "light on the syrup" and it isn't an issue.  I think a lot of nola people prefer sweeter, so I may be in the minority on this.  
While it is close to my work, I would happily drive out of the way for this place.I mainly go there for bags of fresh roasted coffee. Great quality and friendly folks. They're a neighborhood treasure.Hey Cafe is a great coffee shop. They roast their own coffee beans which is really cool. They have a back room which is extremely quiet and quaint and great to get some reading done. It's very warm and homey with a grunge vibe. I only gave it four stars because the first time I went the back room was closed, so there wasn't anywhere to sit. The second time I went the back seating was open which was great! Love this spot!Stopped in late night for a chai tea latte and felt at home. Friendly Barista made a delish drink for us that was far from chain house chai that is disgustingly sweet. This was perfect. Will be back for that pb banana honey sandwich that sounds addicting :)Nice, chilled atmosphere. Everyone was nice, and it seemed like a local hangout. One of the few places that we found that has a really smooth espresso.First visit in, and I wasn't disappointed. I ordered a coffee- black and a double shot macchiato to go. Quality and efficient customer service, friendly and local atmosphere, and great coffee. I've ordered a lot of espresso over the years and this one was a delight to drink, I treasured every sip. I'll be going back.Great coffee and tea. Cortado is the way to go. Or a green tea Arnold Palmer. Super hipster but that just makes for some great people watching.An oasis in the Garden District! This hip coffee shop was super close to our airbnb and a godsend this weekend. Their customer service and nitro cold brew was a welcome treat in the sweltering heat. Would love to try their turmeric smoothie next time!Hey Cafe'! Rocks! They have a heavenly chai. I get the iced tea when it's hot outside and the hot tea when it's cold. I believe they add milk, but it's even good without! They host TONS of awesome shows, many through the Community Records label, which is locally owned by one of the owners. My boyfriend gets the iced breakfast tea often, and it's also a great spot to chat or do work on your laptop. They used to have delicious yogurts...handmade with a family members honey in Mississippi...fresh fruit on top...yum! Sadly they are not there anymore, but hopefully they will return!My favorite coffee shop Uptown New Orleans. The brews are great, wonderful vibe, and great staff.Hands down the best coffee shop in New Orleans. We are locals and go here to buy our beans at least once a week and have some beverages from them. I always get thee cold brew and my boyfriend gets some type of pour over. Our dog sticks with water. The baristas are always very knowledgable. They have each given us advice on brewing our own cold brew. They just started selling their bean combination they use for ther cold brew. Best latte in NOLA. They do all their roasting there which makes it even better! They also have a good assortment of sandwiches from Breads on Oak (vegan options) and bagels from Humble. Loose leaf tea selection is great too. Environmentally mindful and aware.Felt like I was walking into my grandparents house...a great, inviting, nostalgic feel. Add to that a good cup of joe and some vegan + gluten free treats and I'm happy to hand over 5 stars! The perfect spot to refuel or hang out for a bit. Thanks!In a town where finding a good cup of coffee is damn near impossible, where folks are content to load cream, sugar, and flavoring into the burnt riverwater they push at PJ's and CC's, Hey! Cafe stands out. 
Really a great little place, friendly people working there, good food, awesome homemade hummus. 
Not pretentious, but maybe a little hipster, and they accept credit cards. What more can I say?Great little cafe in a wonderful area of Magazine Street. 
Loved that they let our little pup in while we ordered and waited for food. Even gave her a special pup cup for water. 
Coffee was great. I almost always take my coffee fully black but on a whim decided to throw almond milk and the cinnamon simple syrup they had in there and really enjoyed it. 
Had a nice but small selection of sandwiches. My main reason for going here was that my partner and dad would be going to get some seafood lunch but I am vegan so wanted to find a good place to grab something before they went to eat. This fit the bill! Sandwich menu is about half vegan half veg or meat. So even if they are out of the one vegan sandwich you want, they will likely have others. I had the vegan muffalata and while nowhere near as calorie laden as an original, it was great. 
I could see myself stopping here often if I lived nearby - check it out for great coffee plus good vegan sandwiches or non plus some savory pastries.Great local coffee shop with yummy food and fantastic coffee. Independently owned by good people that are also awesome musicians. So expect that good good. Stop reading and go drink some coffee!The capps and the cold brew are some of the best in the city. On top of that they roast their own coffee which IMO, Hey Cafe is one of the best roasters in the city, if not the best roaster. Additionally, their prices are very reasonable for a bag of beans as compared to PJ's Coffee or high end beans like Blue Bottle. The staff is always very nice and the atmopshere is New Orleans funky. They also get fresh bagels from Humble Bagel in each morning and great baked items from Girl Gone Vegan which are legit good.So this is 10000000% my favorite coffee shop in the city. The environment is absolutely perfect for hanging out or getting a lot of work done. 
The food is incredible, especially the bagels from Humble Bagel, and the staff is amazing. Everyone who works here is incredibly kind and never gets tired of my $3 debit card charges because of my paranoia about carrying cash. 
I'm not a coffee drinker but they roast their own beans and I know people who love coffee and say this is their favorite. I'm personally a fan of their lemonade. 
I don't want to leave this review because I don't want people to come and take my place from me but they deserve a trillion amazing reviews. Be sure to check it out if you're in the neighborhood!!As I live in the area, I've given this place several tries, and it is just unacceptable in many aspects. 
1. Cleanliness; the floors and walls look so dirty! I sat down at a table in the back room, went to plug in my laptop charger and there was a swarm of flies all over the wall, under the desk, and on the mirror. It was alarming and disgusting. In the back room, the dirtiness is completed with a single fan full of dust.
2. I've always been too afraid to order food here, from the small open kitchen, general uncleanliness, and inattentiveness of the barista.
3. The espresso has been too bitter every time- if you can ever get it delivered. I always feel as though I am burdening the barista, even if I am the only customer in line. 
Also- if you are looking for a quiet place to work on your laptop, this is not the place. The back room is unclean, never quiet enough, atmosphere is awful, and there's no air flow. I have tried to study here four times, and every time I left when the heat became too much to bear.Very laid-back atmosphere, decent coffee, good service, and delicious (and affordable!) vegan food. To top it off, free wifi. This is pretty much everything I could ask for from a coffee shop, aside from the awkward yet amusing exclusion you may feel if you're not a Mac user (almost every customer hides behind a white Mac-top).
If you prefer a casual, cozy, "alternative" atmosphere, this is the place. I'll definitely be coming back.I love to stop here in the mornings before work. Peaceful atmosphere, good coffee and delicious muffins. It gets me ready for my day.There is a coffee place closer to my house than this but I prefer to walk the extra couple of blocks to get here.  Everything is good and of course, so is the coffee.  The baristas are naturally nice there.  Their friendliness isn't canned or over-the-top, they're just genuinely friendly people so it's a nice atmosphere to be in.  I think I'm gonna go get a coffee now.  :)Hey! Cafe is your friendly neighborhood coffee shop...if you live uptown. Great location on Magazine near Napoleon, sandwiched between a really sketchy 24-hour bar and a seafood restaurant that is never open. The coffee is good, the espresso is acceptable, and they cater to a variety of weird requests (soy milk, almond milk, "aeropress" espresso, etc.). There are a few things to eat: bagels, muffins, bananas, a few specials, etc. Depending on the barista working, you might hear WTUL (yay!) or some random iPod shuffle (boo!) over the speakers. There are three smallish rooms with benches, chairs, tables large and small, and a back porch for smoking. There are a lot of regulars - many of who seem to be Tulane and Loyola students - who find a table and park there for hours, using their laptop (free wi-fi!) or studying for exams. Most of the regulars are pretty cool, except for this one obnoxious medical student who yells really loud and spits while he talks. Every time I go, I hope and pray that he's not there. Hey! Cafe could be a lot better I suppose (24 hours, more food selections, etc.), but it'll do just fine for now.Mediocre coffee shop with a strong sense of community and a punk aesthetic.
My latte wasn't well-prepared but most people were drinking drip or iced coffee, so maybe my  choice wasn't a good one.  The iced chai was good though and was made from actual spices and leaves, not a boxed syrup. Yay!
Service was painfully slow (especially around lunch time), so if you are in a hurry, head elsewhere.  The single staffer makes both the coffee drinks and the food.
Hey! Cafe serves as a meeting place for several community groups including several philosophy discussion groups.  Community is what makes coffee shops last, so maybe this one will last longer than its predecessors.
NB: cleanliness standards seem to be a little...lacking.  Eww.Feels like home to me. No frills, just really great coffee and small bistro tables to occupy. I use it as a work spot, reading spot, meeting spot. Very eco-conscious, which I love! Also, Tommy makes a great matcha latte.Good low key coffeeshop. Good coffee and great lemonade! Muffins look and taste a little off though...HEY! Cafe is GREAT. The coffee stirs something inside me that begs for more...it could just be my happy tummy. 
The Arnold Palmer is truly a treat. They also sell records here. At a glance, they had most everything that Louisiana metal dudes THOU have put out, as well as records from INTER ARMA, COUGH, and COFFINWORM. 
Like your coffee like you like your metalIt's small, and funky...Good coffee, friendly service. Loved the art on the walls. Need to go back and do some exploring... I didn't make it to that back room!Good coffee. Friendly service. Interesting atmosphere. Cool logo.Love this coffee shop. It's toward the end of magazine, and the best third wave shop in the vicinity. Put this on your list!Love this place. It's a very relaxed and comfortable place to come and study, which is great when you're studying 15-20 hours a week for the CPA exam. The staff is nice, the atmosphere is chill, they sell records, have an arcade game (great for study breaks), play solid music usually (Tame Impala was on earlier today), AND you can bring your dog! What else could an aspiring scholar ask for in a place to get your studying done? 
Well there is just one tiny little drawback to Hey! Cafe - the chairs feel like medieval torture devices made to twist and gnarl my ass and lower back into knots of mythical proportions that can never be undone. Other than that this place is awesome.8:07 & not open.  Supposed to open @ 7 am.  Didn't look to clean & I guess the 2 guys drinking bottled beer is a normal thing when the coffee shop is closed.  Definitely will not go here again looking 4 a early morning cup of joe.New Orleans establishments cannot be judged by appearance alone. Some of the best restaurants, bars, etc are aesthetically unappealing but what they have to offer is delightful! This is the case with Hey! Cafe. I've lived nearby for several months but never had the urge to go in. I'm glad I finally did! The coffee is very good. Better than all nearby coffee chains and Rue De La Course. Prices are reasonable too. Winner!Stopped in here for a cup of coffee after wandering Magazine st in the morning.  I ended up spending almost 2 hours in here, drinking coffee, reading, and talking to the super friendly barista Chrissy (who also has awesome taste in music, which is part of the reason I stayed). There's outdoor shade and sun seating in the back that looks like someone's own cool, but small backyard, and great places to sit in front with AC.  If you're perusing around Magazine St and looking for a delicious cup of coffee in an incredibly friendly atmosphere, come here. There's also a bar next door, I got a beer and brought it to Hey Cafe with no problem.Decent little coffee spot. Really cool that they roast their beans in-house! 
And the tea is full-leaf, always a plus. I got a peanut butter, banana & honey sandwich. It was toasted on really high quality locally baked bread. Really good! Could have used a bit more honey, it got kind of dry. 
There is no soft seating, which is kind of a bummer if you're wanting to spend some decent time there. The front room is really average and looks kind of dirty, and feels small. There's a back room that's quiet and good for spending time reading or studying, except for the lack of soft chairs. 
There's also an outside patio that's beautiful! 
The service was really average if not bad. The guy didn't even attempt to smile, and acted as though I was disrupting his whole day by being there. 
So to re-cap: average decor and the lack of soft seating, combined with the bad service, would give it 2 stars. The quality of the food and the tea brings it up a star.The place looks like it needs a good mop down and general sterilization. But, if you don't mind a little hipster grit, their coffee is delicious, they have an amazing tea collection, and great snacks.Heyyyy Heyyyyyy.
Ok, so first of all: I am starting to think that all of these New Orleans coffee shops get their coffee from the same place and the joke is on all of us for paying different prices.
I stopped in to grab an iced coffee. Yeah, I know that I'm boring and predictable. Whatever, I like what I like. The coffee was good and pretty cheap blah blah blah.
I really like the atmosphere of this place. It's right next door to Ms. Mae's which gives the places a bit of a "gritty" feel. It's small, but cozy with people doing work at the tables within. The door was open and I liked the welcome feel.
They have a lot of sandwiches and baked goods here, so it's a great place to stop in for a snack. It actually feels a lot like Mojo with the food and setup. I like it. I'll be back.Hands down best coffeeshop in nola. Vegan goods, pastrys,, sandwiches. Espresso and coffee rules. Affordable.. Good location, staff rules..Someone hit the nail on the head when describing this cafe as a dive bar. It's definitely a quirky little place on magazine. They roast their own beans which is great. And they also have the best prices in the city based on quality of the coffee! 
Not the best place to do work since it's usually busy, but there is a small nook in the back which can seat a few people and their laptopsi love this place. the baristas ate always friendly, prices are fair, and the coffee is great! they have a large tea selection and have almond milk! i also love that they use cups that are environmentally friendly and sturdy enough to use and reuse.I walked in this place on a whim.   I've passed it a few times, but honestly, the random crockpots in the window looked a  little scary to me- so I didn't even realize that it was a coffee shop also. 
We ended up grabbing a green tea cupcake (I thought it was terrible and tasted kind of like a dry cornbread muffin).   I liked the other menu options, but just opted for a cup of hot tea.  
*The place is quite filthy inside
*There were 2 men working behind the counter, the man taking orders seemed depressed, lifeless, and unkind.  The man squeezing lemons at least gave us the time of day. 
*I may return for a drink someday while strolling down Magazine, but definitely nothing to write home  about.This place is my jam. Barista respected the fact that I think iced coffee tastes like ashes and made me an iced chai, not included on the menu. VEGAN OPTIONS?! They have several. Good coffee, good ambiance, lots of power strips in the back so you can stick your head into your laptop for hours. 
They also have shows here some evenings. I haven't been myself, but heard it gets a WEE bit cramped. Such is my experience with all non-venue shows. Crowded and stanky. I'll be attending one in the near future.The counterstaff are friendly and the draft coffee on nitro is really good.
They have a good selection of pastries (including some super tasty vegan ones) and it's a generally inviting and relaxed atmosphere.Decent tasting beverage, lame service.   A hello would be nice, or even a "we'll be right with you". Geez.    How difficult is that? We got one drink and left without purchasing another because we couldn't get the guy's attention. Guess the burrito he was eating was more important.Great baristas,  especially tall dark haired smiley guy. Knew about flat whites for us New Zealanders. Really good coffee and free Wi-Fi so became our local while staying in that part of the city. Excellent gf coconut and rosemary biscuits also. We will forever be grateful to that barister for telling us to check out soul rebels. Thank you.Low key coffee shop but with fancy coffee...except I don't drink coffee.
So they have a nice selection of pellogrino here as well as other non-fancy canned drinks. They also have quality iced tea that does not taste like coffee.
Although the space is long and narrow, it's usually not packed and so you can find a space to stop and chat with friends. The one table out front affords excellent people watching. And the courtyard out back is very restful.
The staff has been uniformly polite and sometimes really friendly.4/5 peanut butter banana honey sandwiches. ya heard.Great atmosphere and awesome coffee. Even the teA with pink lemonade was really good. Owners were cool and even helped with my bike. They are located right on the greenway bike path. Get out and bike there!