My sister was craving for some crawfish since she lives out in the west coast and been years since she had it. We decided we stopped by on our way home from picking her up from the airport and the place was packed so we decided to get it to go. Our order consists of The Feast, 10 lbs of crawfish on medium heat and an order of fried calamari  thought we might've ordered too much food but boy were we wrong fried calamari smell so good that we had to dig in and couldn't stop eating bc it was light,  crispy and hot.We ordered "The Feast" and the portion was larger than expected.  Great deal!  We got them "medium" heat with "Boil House" flavor.  OMG, the flavor was so delicious  the "medium" heat was not too spicy for me but it still got a little kick to it.  I would get them spicier but my sister can't handle the "high" heat. I'd definitely come back for moreSo I want craving crawfish and saw the sign that Boiled crawfish $4.99/lbs.  So I go in to order take out.  This is sauced not your typical New Orleans boiled crawfish.  So I order 2 pounds of crawfish with the Cajun sauce and 1 pound of crawfish with the butter sauce both high spice. I also order the appetizer of bang bang shrimp which I thought was a little pricey at $12. My order was prepared in about 15 minutes And the lady brought it out to me and confirm my order on the ticket. I get home and open up my package to find 10 small fried shrimp with bang bang sauce on them and less than a pound each of crawfish in the different sauces. Understanding that they did not give me my full order of crawfish I even wait the crawfish on my kitchen scale and with the aluminum pan and sauce inside it did not weigh over 1 pound each. I was very disappointed at the portion size especially when I paid for 3 pounds of crawfish and only received 1.5 pounds if that and very disappointed at the amount of shrimp for the appetizer, but I will say the food that was prepared was very tasty so that was a positive out of the whole experience. If you have a small appetite and a large pocket book this restaurant is for you.Food was terrible, disgusting and overpriced. 
Waitress and manager staff was extremely rude. 
I see why their not busy. 
Spend your money elsewhere.First time here at hieux boil and let me tell you the food was fantastic had the  Cajun classic  it was delicious. I would  recommend coming and try some delicious food.Our waitress Tee was beyond great! She explained the menu and made great suggestions. Tee was pleasant, checked on us often and very professional. The seasoning on the boil was delicious and the heat was just right! The hurricanes were excellent. They have large plexiglass hanging between tables. The outdoor seating looked nice, they have 2 fire pits between those tables.Weeks before our flight to Nola from our home in Hawaii we received our weekly email from one of the many Nola advertising sites. This one listed 10 of their favorite new restaurants. One jumped out as a possibility. It was Hieux Boil Seafood House. We've been to Nola numerous times but never during crawfish season. Well it's now crawfish season and since there are no restaurants in Hawaii where you can find fresh,live crawfish we decided to try Hieux. Being former Wine Educators for over thirty years in NYC we really take our restaurant choices seriously. Here are our reasons why Hieux is now in our top five Nola restaurants. 
It's seriously cute from the outside with a very nice and comfortable lanai. We opted for the inside venue. The inside vibe is immaculate with with lots of room on each table for all the many dishes you will eventually choose. The initial greeting was pure Hawaiian Aloha/Nola. Some of the nicest staff members you will ever meet. Their knowledge of each and every dish was amazing. Their explanations really made for a memorable lunch. Their beer list on tap was special; thank you Abita Amber!  We were there to pig out and boy did we ever. We hope we will be able to be ready for another of our top ten restaurants tonight, ByWater American Bistro. 
Speaking of food, here is a list of what we ordered with some special help from our server Taniel. Just Note: you have a choice of sauces. The most popular is Garlic but we opted for Cajun since we are in Nola. Also we picked medium heat and it was a perfect choice for us. 
Tniel described in detail all of the choices and we decided on The Taste of New Orleans. We started off with an appetizer of Crawfish Beignets with whole crawfish tails mixed in the batter. The rest  included Blue Fin Crab, Shrimp, Crawfish, Andouille, Corn and potatoes . The sauce that everything nestled in was by far one of the truest and best examples of Cajun cuisine we've ever had. 
EVERYTHING was super fresh. Bibs helped with the pig out as well as a nicely setup full roll of paper towels. We felt that we died and went to Cajun Heaven. Make reservations because this restaurant will be discovered and seriously packed.Who ordered the food coma?  I loved this place when it was Namese and deliberated needlessly on trying the mes menu and concept. I was foolish. Don't be foolish. I literally have sat and ate until my eyelids are heavy. I should probably stop but I have two chargrilled oysters left and I refuse to waste food. I'm probably going to be sleep when my husband gets home from work. Between the food and drinks I'm done. Today I had the Bayou Breeze a watermelon mint vodka concoction that's smooth, refreshing, and deceptive. The voodoo rice was filling and full of seafood. I also had the Swamp Bites (gator nuggets). Usually people over season gator but this was perfect with a nice aioli sauce and green mix. This a cool place and Sean is delightful. This is a great place to crack crabs with friend on the patio with beers, to bring a third or fourth date, family. There is indoor and patio seating, and a full bar. Don't miss out on this hidden gem.Highly recommend! The boil is spot on and has so many options to fit anyone's desire. The choice of spicy and type of seasoning really offers something for everyone! The staff was friendly, service quick and overall above average, will come back whenever  in NOLA.Smaller than magazine location, but service and food was great. Everything boiled to perfection.Service great! Didn't have reservations but even though packed they gave us a table. We got 2 orders of  the taste of New Orleans with medium heat and it was spicy enough for me which I love spicy food. It was enough to feed 3. Pricing is pretty fair. This place is a good spot if you like a nice but casual atmosphere.Underrated gem as far as Nola's top oysters! Definitely make sure to stop by their 3-5 happy hour for 6.95 apps!The food was amazing! The wait staff was friendly and helpful. I'm so glad to have found this place and can't wait to go back. Try the crawfish beignets!First time and it was fantastic! Food had so much flavor and very friendly staff. Ordered the oysters as an appetizer and to our surprise they were on happy hour. Also got the combo basket and shrimp poboy. Definitely recommend to stop and try this place out!Hit or miss. Lacks consistency. I've been several times to this location and typically order the same item, snow crab legs , garlic butter, medium heat. I've always received the sides with it and at $44 for a claw and half, you'd expect that. Today I was told differently. In addition, the crab meat in the small legs was tough and you could barely get it out. A lot of garlic and a small amount of butter. I had to ask for utensils. My fork was dirty. There was some confusion around orders as well. Love the concept but it's time to return to Cajuns. I tried.It took me 31 years to finally try oysters. My goodness they were delicious.
I enjoyed this way more than I should .
The seafood boil was nasty. I'm from Atlanta & at least our boils is greatAwesome drinks made quick, and tasted amazing! really good food, fresh and hot from the pot! and very friendly staff!
Had a reservation, and was sat on time. Also the restaurant is very clean!Excellent food, excellent service. No complaints whatsoever. Best crawfish I have had in a long, long time.Ordered frozen strawberry margaritas. Tastes like water. Not like strawberry, not like tequila, not like a margarita, tasted like straight water. Waiter took them off the tab but commented that he was new and the manager told him "nobody likes the margaritas." Yikes.
Ordered a side salad, brussels sprouts, and the chargrilled snow crab platter. Platter and sprouts were decent. 
Side salad was a totally different story. I ordered a side salad with ranch. My date asked for a side of ceasar as well with the salad. Salad comes out with just lettuce and croutons. Basically a side ceasar, which is not what I ordered.  I have eaten at the boil house on magazine numerous times and I know the side salad comes with veggies, carrots, tomatoes, so on. 
I ask the waiter "isn't this supposed to have veggies? He tells me no. But I also know he's new. So when a food runner comes to the table I ask "doesn't the side salad come with veggies?" He tells me no. I said are you sure? He says "you ordered a side salad that's how it comes." 
Alright I'm not gonna argue with anybody over this, especially when I know I'm right. At this point I'm irritated and not enjoying  my meal and frankly want to leave. 
Here's a photo of the menu, you can clearly see veggies in the photo.
So anyway, I won't be returning.Very attentive staff. Great selection and takeout was a breeze to order. Love the shack with Cajun  seasoning and mussels with house seasoning. Bang bang shrimp is a tasty appetizer.I went here for a birthday dinner with friends. The server, Hannah, was very attentive and friendly. She tried her best to overcome the shortcomings of the kitchen staff. Two of my friends orders were mixed up. One No Heat dish was mixed up with a Hot dish. Definitely a very noticeable mistake. One of my friends was missing an entire item from her order. While order of oysters never showed up. I ordered brussel sprouts and bang bang shrimp which also never materialized. I ended up with no food. I cancelled my order and ate elsewhere. The strawberry basil lemonade was absolutely delicious tho. That was very tasty. Everyone enjoyed their drinks. The bartender was definitely doing all the right things!! I'll probably not be back due to all the mishaps with food. However I might make an exception for drinksThe food was amazing. I wanted to dine in but the bugs were past ridiculous. I ended up getting my food to go. They literally harassed me until it was unbearable and that's not sanitary at all. The servers were niceSo, I've been wanting to try this spot for the last few weeks. I finally got to try it tonight with a friend of mine. We arrived around 7pm and it was PACKED. We ended up sitting at the bar because the hostess told us it was full service. After looking at the menu for a quite some time I decided I wanted to try the crawfish. The bartender tells me "oh, we are out of crawfish. Unless you get a bucket." That makes zero sense to me because either you have crawfish or you don't. I feel like she was trying to force me to get a more expensive option. So, I decided to just get a "bucket" because that was the only reason I came here was to try the seafood. According to the menu, the bucket contained 1 lb of crawfish, 1 lb of shrimp, 2 potatoes, corn, and andouille sausage. When the bucket was brought to me there was no corn. I asked the bartender if the corn was on the way and she said "oh, we are out corn. So they gave you extra potatoes." WHAT?!?! Why wasn't I told before I ordered the bucket that they were out of corn and why was a substitution picked for me without giving me any options? This irked me because I didn't even want the bucket to begin with. (Also, it comes on a platter and not even a bucket.) As we are sitting at the bar another server comes out and starts screaming that they were out of crawfish, corn, mushrooms, and only had a few orders of crabs left. Granted there is a restaurant FULL of people and several people on the waitlist on a Saturday night. Ok.......
I ordered the Cajun flavor, extra hot. It didn't even make my nose run. Disappointing. They weren't bad but I just don't see the hype especially for $9/lb. I also ordered a dozen chargrilled oysters. They had potential but there was literally no butter so each oyster was stuck to the shell. I had to scrape them out with the fork. 
Ordered 2 frozen cocktails and didn't even feel a buzz. Sigh. I can check this place off my list of places to try now but I highly doubt I'll ever go back! We finished our food and got a to go box packed up and waited for the check. 20 minutes passed and the bartender just kept walking past us without asking if we were ready for the check. I truly don't recommend.Tried this place yesterday with an order to go consisting of 5lbs of plain crawfish (plain at Hieux is tradition boil) medium spice, 2lbs of shrimp with the Cajun sauce (it is a butter based sauce with traditional seasonings) and bang bang shrimp.
The bang bang shrimp appetizer was good.  Pro tip: toss it in the sauce they give you on the side (because it is to go) and it is so excellent!
We loved the crawfish - they were clean, flavorful and the medium heat was just right for our crowd.  We were underwhelmed by the side order of potatoes, mushrooms and corn.  We received two potatoes.  For $3.75 that's not right.  In fact, it's straight up b.s. to get two creamer potatoes for $3.75.  If we got a 1/4 of mushrooms I would be surprised.  So the message there is skip the sides.
The real star of the table was the two pounds of shrimp in the Cajun sauce.  We bought head on shrimp and they were a little overcooked but we think that was due to transport and sitting in the container, as opposed to being served at the restaurant.  The shrimp were beautiful, the sauce was succulent and had a nice heat that sneaks up on you.  We ordered medium and I have to tell you - we had four left over shrimp (we had other take out too) and we peeled them and left them in the sauce to eat the next day.  Holy Batman the heat was off the hook the next day but definitely delicious.
So, Hieux puts everything in a butter based sauce unless you ask for plain.  They were excellent about explaining it after I placed my order online - but the website would truly benefit from an explanation of the sauces, their flavor profiles, and how to order if you want it "traditional" as opposed to their way.
We will definitely go back and look forward to trying other things on their menuI would rate this establishment a solid 3. We were looking forward to ordering crawfish but the waitress said they were running low so they would not sell it by the pound anymore. However they did sell it by the set menu items which were 3x the price. Seems like a sneaky way to get more money. Anyway the shrimp was ok, overcooked. The crawfish was good. We ordered two sides of rice and it was the smallest order ever. I think maybe 10 bites at best per order. 
I will not be returning here as while the food wasn't bad... it was a very uncomfortable experience. None of the workers wore masks. The guy at the next table was smoking and none of the workers said anything. His smoke came our way. Even worse being that we're in a pandemic. Please follow health and safety guidelines.First time here and it was great. We got the The Feast which isn't cheap but I think it's worth it. My wife and I had a great time on our anniversary. Our server Madison was friendly and  great. The food is as excellent. I would come again for sure! Definitely recommend!The food and service was excellent.  The food was very flavorful and came out hot and quick.  The chef, Tyressa, even came out to make sure everything was to our liking.  The restaurant itself was clean and offered both indoor and outdoor seating.  I will be going back soon.Alright here it is. This spot was banging! Got a pick up order of a boil mix of some sort and the chargrilled oysters. Oh yeah it's like that. $100 worth of food finished between two people in one sitting. If you were on the fence it's time to jump. Great work HieuxNot sure yet, but this rating was based off of my first experience. I'm a big fan of what the former Namese owners have done in the past, so I'm open to revisit. I placed an order for pickup since it was the only place still open on Sunday offering a shrimp poboy-and I needed one BAD. Ordering was easy, though payment wasn't taken over the phone, nor was a time quoted for pickup. I headed over right away so I could pick up the food while it was still hot. I paid and luckily my order had just come up, in fact I paid two minutes before I got the text saying my order was ready. 
The poboy was about an 8" pistolet, but the bread was a little spongey and dense. The shrimp kept falling out as I tried to eat. It was unevenly dressed with all the lettuce and Mayo back at the crease. The bang bang sauce that I thought would be smeared inside was actually poured in a corner of the to go box, so my poboy was covered with sauce on the outside? It really seemed odd as they included a whole separate container of bang bang sauce that was still tightly sealed. 
Additionally, a side of fries were nearly $3 so overall the price for the size of the poboy and fries was on the higher end of things comparatively. Three stars for now, but not a spot I'd continue to go to for shrimp poboys.The food was very delicious and well served! The restaurant had a great environment and Tierra provided very very great service!  We will definitely be returning when we come back to visit from Texas! Highly recommend!Everything in this restaurant is exceptional. Friendly staff and an outstanding owner. Everyone is just so attentive and very caring to all their customers. I'll eat here any day of the week. Great job to the entire Hieux Boil staff. Check out their other location on Magazine and Louisiana. Also excellent everything.Came here for lunch and this place was poppin and there is a reason why! The price and the seafood here are fresh and delish!! If you're in the area lookin for seafood boil between Feb and July then this is a must come place. I am 100% satisfied with this place and will be back for more the next time I am in town!Our families first time trying crawfish and blue crab. SO GOOD!!!  And the service was fantastic.10/10 recommend! The food was great and the hurricane was awesome. Warning : the hurricane will have you on your butt ! Lol. This was the last place we ate at before leaving New Orleans and I'm glad we did. I suggest making a reservation, they get busy quick and seemed to be turning people away. Thankfully we go there before it got really busy. The service was also good ! We definitely will be eating here again the next time we visit !Hieux is a great server and full of great information about the area and the food.  We had the seafood boil...it was amazing.  Flavors were fantastic.  Also had the alligator bites.  Wrap them in lettuce and dip inthe sauce.  WOW.  Hurricanes of course complimented everything.  This place is off the tourist path and just outside of town, well well worth it.My boyfriend and I tried this out in place of Sunday brunch. It's more of a take out or evening patio place I guess. There were only 6 tables indoors and all we could hear was the workers talking behind the counter. We ordered a bit too much food but once it arrived there were no regrets. He selected a large platter "boil" with whole shrimp, whole crabs, crawfish plus a bit of corn /potatoes/ sausage. We selected Cajun medium spice and his eyes were rolled up in his head the entire meal. I liked the shrimp but didn't get much out of the crab. I selected a Caesar salad with fried shrimp and we also got half dozen grilled oysters. Personally these tie as the best grilled oysters I've ever had in 10 years on the gulf coast. The fried shrimp were perfect with the cornbread breading and 0 duds in the bunch. Next time I'll just get a whole basket of fried shrimp plus oysters. So, 10/10 on the food and something less on the ambience but we will definitely be back. Oh and I took home the extra sauce that it was cooked in, and used that to make oven roasted potatoes last night. Delish!I have been using yelp for a very long time and this is the 1st time I've left a review. Let me start off by saying that me and my husband's food was decent and the service was good. My son's catfish and fries and our alligator tenders weren't seasoned at all. They did take off for my son's plate. My husband went on and ate the alligator. But the environment is a no go.  It's in a very bad spot and people were twerking on the side of the rode when we pulled up. They sat us outside which I didn't know this would be because we made a reservation. There were flies all in your way while trying to peel shrimp and crack crab legs. The chairs were highly uncomfortable and my leg went to sleep. It was like eating your food while sitting on a toilet. I had the food bucket but was offered no gloves or bib so my hands were a mess. I drove over an hour to try this place out. I won't be back and I don't recommend unless you bring your own old bay and a comfortable chair.Amazing food; amazing service. We came in and we're immediately treated as part of the family. Our server made sure we never went thirsty and kept a close eye on us to make sure we never needed anything else.
The food, much like their service, was also phenomenal. The charbroiled oysters were surprisingly tasty; I come from the school of thought that cooking oysters is sacrilege but I'm willing to make an exception this time. The crawfish beignets were also amazing and had good flavor. But the true star of the show was their House Boil flavor. This is a combination of all their sauces and it's insanely good. Though you can't really pick out the subtlety of each flavor individually, the symphony of flavors works together to bring the ultimate climax to your taste buds. Just ask for a little extra lemon to bring it out a bit more.
The only disappointment was a personal one for me. Having read that this restaurant was opened by a Vietnamese chef, I was expecting more Viet flavors. Sadly, that wasn't here. Still though, would highly recommend trying this place!Food was very poor for the price. The shrimp and catfish were both soggy and tasted like chlorine. Only slight redeeming quality was the alligator which was still subpar for the price.Great seafood boil!! Was looking for a seafood boil and Hieux Boil Seafood did not disappoint. You have the option to create your own or you can get a boil that is already on the menu. They have just about any type of seafood you can get with different sauces/spice levels you can get. And their gumbo was great also!We intended to go to another restaurant nearby for lunch but it was only street parking and the line was swinging out the door.  We didnt want to wait so we decided to swing back after we saw the the crawfish boil sign.  The place looks big on the outside and has its own mini parking lot, but it was relatively small inside. The server was friendly and incredibly helpful. He explained to us how to order the boil and its not brought to us in a bag. We got 2lbs of crawfish with their house sauce on low spice. It still had a kick to it and may be spicy for those who really do not enjoy spicy. I thoroughly enjoyed it and would have gotten one of the spicier  sauces if people in my group weren't wimps. Anywho, it was super tasty and definitely fresh. As we were eating more fresh crawfish were being brought into the restaurant. I will certainly be back next time we are in the area. One of the better spots we visited for sure.Stopped in for some fresh seafood and I found it. I got the taste of New Orleans with the spicy Cajun. The mussels, crab, and shrimp were fresh and spicy as ordered. The gumbo was good as well.Great experience on a busy Sunday! Our server was friendly and explained everything to us. We had the Boil House crawfish High heat and it was perfect! Spicy and delicious. The Cajun wings and Gumbo was also really good! Will definitely go back!Small crawfish. Sadly seen larger roaches.   Two salads both with  bad lettuce.  They seemed to not check food before being served.    Told manager twice.  When we left I said good luck  since that's what it would takeGreat foods and nice ambiance! Excellent service too! Highly recommended when visiting New Orleans!I got three pounds of crawfish and it was AMAZING. Had us waiting outside until they opened amazing. The flavor and spice level were perfect!!
It was a small place so everything came out fast and I appreciate that. The drinks were just okay to me. I had a peach daiquiri.
Def recommend going to this place if you're looking for fresh good seafood at a sit down!I am only giving it a two stars because the food was pretty good. other than that, the service a.k.a the server Emily R was so rude. From the beginning we noticed how she was acting really shady. it did not start until my friends went to go to the bathroom but forgot their mask and the waiter nicely told them to wear their mask and she randomly walks up and said, "they're not even from here!" her comment was unnecessary because my friends did not argue, they just simply said sorry and grabbed their mask. after they came back, Emily followed them to our table and said, "yeah I don't know where you guys are from, but here, we wear our mask" in a very rude tone. We also live in a strict mask mandate state as well, but sometimes people just forget their mask. also, they instantly went to grab it without an argument. if you do come to this restaurant, ask for any other server except for Emily R.Delicious!!!  Fresh!!!  Perfect portions!!! Honest!!! Crawfish was out of season and they were honest to tell us that it was frozen and gave us options to substitute!!!   Great service but the staff.   Seasoning was right on the spot.WOW!! I can't say enough about everything. The atmosphere, food and service were all on point. Raw oysters were fresh and the crawfish beignets were different from any others I've had. Usually they're almost cake like, but these were crunchy and crispy on the outside with a cheesy crawfish sauce in the middle. The charbroiled platters seasoned to perfection and deliciously messy. Gloves and bibs are provided for those who don't want to go home smelling of garlic and butter, but that's not me! Thanks for a fabulous meal!!Went there last friday and it was great. I ordered the "taste of New Orleans" platterand my friend order "the shack" platter, really good and fresh seafood. The service was nice and fast. Definitely coming back for more seafood, especially the crawfish.This is an absolute GEM in New Orleans! This is the sister restaraunt of "Boil Seafood House" and this was the hottest, most delicous seafood boil I have tasted. I would highly suggest the boiled shrimp!We got the Cajun boil with all the seasons and it was amazing!!! We had Hieu as a server and he was so kind and made the experience even better! You HAVE to come!!Best boiled seafood in the city hands down! I've been going to the other location on Magazine for a while and I'm so happy they opened a new spot closer to home. Everyone is so friendly and inviting, they really make you feel at home!had such an amazing crawfish and shrimp boil!! so good and such a good price, would definitely come backThe food here is okay. I wouldn't come back again because you can find better food elsewhere. The crawfish didn't taste right and the majority of our "shrimp" were just head carcass in the bag without the actual meaty tail.We were in town for my cousin's graduation at Tulane.  We were searching on Yelp and all over town for boiled crawfish. We drove around to a few places. This was the 3rd and last stop. This place did not disappoint! We ordered 10 lbs of crawfish, 1 lb of shrimps and 1 dozen of charbroiled oysters. The garlic Caribbean and Cajun seasoning and food was amazing especially the oysters!  Service was seamless. When we come back to NOLA, this place will be the first stop!I know it's new, but no one deserves to be yelled at. I ordered a pick up, and when I arrived there was a female worker with bright red hair yelling at her coworkers making the patrons inside visibly uncomfortable as well as obviously upsetting her coworkers. On top of that when I got the crawfish home they were over cooked, improperly seasoned, and hard to peel.I took my daughter on a girls only trip to NOLA. She requested king crab one night. So, we visited Hieux Boil.  Man this is some good food. The service was also great. She had a boil with king crab and crawfish. I had grilled snow crab.  This place isn't fancy, but the food is some of the best in NOLA. I'll definitely visit again.Visited the area and wanted to do a seafood boil at least once while there! The platters and oysters we ordered were absolutely delicious and perfectly spicy. Wade was our server and went out of his way to demonstrate how to peel the crawfish, made great conversation, and made sure we had an incredible experience. Definitely a place to go to get an authentic seafood boil experience and great service! By far one of the BEST, most memorable dining experiences I have ever had.If you like spicy boiled seafood, they know what they're doing. I had a platter with shrimp and mussels. It was outstanding. I also had a side of their gator bites and a order of spicy mushrooms. Both were great. I'd go back for sure.We took a $33 Lyft to get here we were ten minutes late. She wasn't willing to serve or seat us and saw us sitting outside waiting for another Lyft... we're tourists for God sakes... the manager was so rude... made our trip very sour after all the positives of New Orleans she was the negativeMe and my fiancé really enjoyed this place! We got greeted & seated immediately (we came 30 minutes after they opened). They had really good happy hour specials. All the food was great and we loved the frozen drinks. Definitely will be coming back!! The servers were all very nice and energetic also.So, I'll start this review by saying that the food was amazing. I had the brussel sprouts for an appetizer and it came out hot, fresh, and tasty. I ordered the chargrilled snow crab and the butter sauce was lacking on the plate so I decided to mix in some of the hot sauce from another plate from the table. The group who I was with was a little mad about their food and how some of the order was mixed and wrong. When they confronted the waiter he was aggravated and started spazzing at them. The manager came over and killed them with kindness as much as he could but they were rowdy, cursing, and demanded the 18% gratuity to be taken off of their bill. It was kind of embarrassing to those at the table who was actually enjoying their food. I am definitely going to come back again but I will make sure that it's more intimate. Overall the food was good and it's worth a try.Great food. Great atmosphere. My wife and I had the swamp bites as an appetizer, you have to try them!
My voodoo rice was great and my wife loved her crawfish ettoufee bowl. We will definitely be returning for the delectable food and personable service!MJ was a phenomenal bartender and very conversational.  She provided the best customer service making our experience memorable. I admired her capability of multitasking.  She was very capable of keeping us engaged with her winning personality; while being attentive to servicing all of the other patrons as well.  The manager name was "T".  She was very knowledgeable of how to keep the patrons satisfied.  I personally witnessed "T" reprimand her staff on providing quality customer service.Tried Hieux Boil Seafood House for a real seafood boil experience and my goodness it was AMAZING! We waited absolutely no time before seating, Tiara was such a pleasant server and we had a memorable experience. If you want to try a REAL seafood boil you better go here!
Food: The House Seafood Bucket w/ house sauce (1 lb each of snow crab legs, shrimp, and crawfish. 2 potatoes, 2 pieces of corn, sausage)
Pros: The food was so delicious and fresh. The sauce was the perfect blend of all sauces and it was the BEST seafood boil I've ever had. The crab legs were so juicy and held the seasoning as were all of the other items. 
Cons: Nothing!
We've added this to our favorites for Nola and will be back again soon!So after passing this restaurant for several months we decided to try this place for dinner. 
The waitstaff checked for our vaccine cards/72hrs negative test. We still chose to be seated outside because it was a nice day. The inside was relatively empty. 
We ordered the Cajun Shack with garlic butter. The garlic wasn't over baring and the seafood was cooked great. The potato's were tasty but the corn was a bit gummy. I would've gotten more potatoes if I'd known the corn wouldn't have been good. The shrimp were my favorite. 
We also ordered a shrimp platter and a catfish platter. The shrimp were fried good along with the catfish. The corn nuggets tasted really good. The fries were good, we also got a crab cake which was more cake instead of crab. The portion size of the meals were decent. 
All in all it was a experience, I probably wouldn't come back nor recommend this place. Nothing really stood out or made me feel like I'd like to come back to eat.