Wonderful atmosphere, great service, homemade condiments to go along with really yummy food! Love to hit this place up whenever I'm in the area.Favorite place to go to lunch or dinner. Their specials are always great and they have amazing, creative cocktails. Very reasonably priced, too. Sometimes it is pretty crowded but their servers are good at handling the rushMy family and I kind of live here. We love The High Hat. We are also really predictable in the way that we order: Might I just say, this is a place you want to go to for the specials. Fresh ingredients from Hollygrove Market are used in the construction. I usually split the salad of the day and the special of the day with my mum and then we argue whether we will get a slice of pie and always get a slice of pie. The ultimate special: and there are so many of them, but the one that makes me wanna skip when I see it on the door is the Tuna with fried oysters over grits with butter and shallots--and green beans with ham...I am not doing it justice description-wise but it is such a unique combination of ingredients and so thoughtfully constructed.
When I'm not getting the specials, these are things that I lorve: 
1. the Cecil salad with fried ersters
2. Shrimp remoulade salad (is it called that?) its served with a deviled egg and its so good
3. back when it was on the menu: I could not get enough of the oyster stew
4. the Flat Top Burger is a fine burger, y'all.
5. Numero Uno Comfort Food In the World: Pimento Mac and Cheese--It makes me feel like a child and like everything is going to be okay. Well, that is the comforting fun feel of the whole restaurant. Good times. Freaking lovely cocktails. A good place for conversations, family meals, dates, big celebrations. Also, on game day, you might just catch a waitress head to toe in black and gold wearing black and gold striped knee socks and a tutu. Its that kind of great New Orleans place.I just stopped by here to get a Gumbo to go for lunch. I ordered a bowl of $8 gumbo and it was half of a pint. Also, the utensils that was provided had pepper all over it. The service was just ok. This is not my first time here and I used to get pretty decent food here, but this time completely changed my perspective. I can't imagine if they will get returning customers if that's the value they get. See pictures!A nice neighborhood restaurant with local dishes you would expect.  The BBQ Shrimp is great, the Chicken Gumbo too, I also tried the catfish poboy and found it to my liking.  Will write more when I visit again.When my mom, sister, and I arrived at the High Hat Cafe at about 7 pm on Tuesday, 3/22, it was packed and we had to wait about 20 minutes or so but the host was sooo nice about it.  We waited at the bar until we got seated while my sister ordered a drink.  When we finally got seated, we noticed we were eating with locals, which was pretty cool.  Since it was crowded, it had to be a good place to eat.  I ordered the Slow Roasted Pork, my sister ordered the Catfish and my mom ordered the Slow Roasted chicken.  We all tried each other's dish and we were blown away how good it was.  My sister moved down there for work so I'll be back very soon to eat there.  Definitely an unforgettable experience with the food and service.Always looking for a hidden gem in a city with so many good restaurants that are often too crowded. Thanks to Yelp, we found the high hat. My wife and I were very impressed, we enjoyed the food, great beers on tap and friendly staff. I can easily say best po-boy ever, and that is saying something!Very good.  Staff was extremely nice.  The slow roasted pork was great.  Very tender and juicy.  Dessert is a must.The Oyster Po-Boy.. best po-boy I've ever had in my life. Unbelievably moist, perfect crust in the fry, and nice sauce with a hint of Louisiana hot sauce. Amazing.My dad and I discovered this place after trying to go to Company Burger and finding them closed. It was lucky for us!
We sat at the bar, and the bartender was a doll who knew exactly how long to chat with us before finding something else to do.
I ordered the grilled fish plate. The fish was great, but it was completely out-shined by the side of shrimp and potato hash. The most DELICIOUS potato dish I have ever had. My dad had a burger and said it was awesome.
They make their own pickles here. The pickles are so good that I would go back just for them. Also, their not stingy with them like some other restaurants in town.
For dessert, we had a slice of satsuma custard pie. At first I thought that 6 bucks for a piece of pie was a bit much. Then I tasted it. Simply the best piece of pie I've ever had. 
Yes, that's 2 "best I've ever had"s. This place rules, and I can't wait to go back.We've discussed going here a few times before, but never managed to make it. We had planned to check out the new Dat Dog space, but it was so crowded, we figured it was a good time as any to try High Hat. We were greeted quickly and our server was attentive and friendly. Boyfriend got the whole fried catfish and I got the Cuban sandwich. Being from Alabama, I know my catfish, so I can attest that it was well seasoned and battered, with no overt muddy taste. The fries are perfection (thanks for not cutting off the skin - the BEST part of the potato) and the cole slaw was perfectly tangy and creamy. The hushpuppies are a bit over-fried for my preference, but the flavor is good and housemade tartar sauce is wonderful. My Cuban was pretty spot on: the meat was moist and the bread was crisp. The homemade pickles add a nice touch as well. We were too stuffed to have any dessert, but we did chat with the bartender for a while and they've got some really interesting cocktail ideas floating around, including homemade liquers of strawberry and tomato. The prices are a touch high in my opinion, but it has a nice ambiance and friendly staff. We'll definitely be back.I was a tourist who ventured out of the typical New Orleans food scene. We went on a Friday night so there was a 20 min wait, which wasn't too bad. I came specifically for the whole catfish and this place did not let me down. It was cooked to order and it came with in house made tater sauce. The catfish was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. My daughter loved the collard greens. The coleslaw wasn't too bad either. I also had a margarita, in which I would have preferred it to be a little stronger. I think the bar tender maybe stingy with liquor based on some previous reviews. Overall, good food and service.I ate at High Hat today for the third time.  I really like it.  First of all, it's in that nice little Freret neighborhood that is supposed to be so up and coming.
The atmosphere is pleasant.  The place is cool, clean, and spacious and somehow manages to come across as authentic southern with just the slightest hint of hipness.  (This, I believe, is what they are going for with the food, as well.)  The clientele strike me as people who work in the area and come there often for a nice lunch.  
The menu items are billed as southern fare and feature lots of fried chicken/fried catfish type options.  The one time that I had the fried chicken, it was great, but fried chicken is hard to get wrong in my book.  But I do think that the restaurant uses fresh, local ingredients in their food.
I'm not a vegetarian, but I usually opt for the vegetable plate, which includes three sides (think southern sides with a twist, like "braised" collard greens, okra and tomatoes, sweet potato salad, deliciously thick grits, etc.) and a decent piece of cornbread and costs $10.  
My real secret is that I only order the vegetable plate to have access to the pimento macaroni and cheese (which isn't always on the menu).  It is delicious, and High Hat gets extra points in general for its preoccupation with pimento cheese, which seems to show up in a lot of its dishes.
Beverage-wise, there is a bar with specialty drinks (e.g. "Cuke-Fizz").  And for non-alcoholic beverages, you can order Abita Root Beer and lots of fancy different types of lemonade.  (Today there was watermelon lemonade.)
I really enjoy eating here.  The food that I have ordered is occasionally hit or miss, but I think this is a matter of taste rather than a matter of quality.Twice in one week.. what can I say... the Algiers Key Lime Pie rocks!  I like the nostalgic feel of this place. It reminds me of the cafe' in the old "Jupiter" five and dime store in downtown Sedalia Mo. when I was a kid. The cool old wooden soda fountain chairs, vintage looking tables, cool bar and the watermelon lemonade, yuuummmy.  If I were to change anything about this place, I would add a few potted palms for some greenery inside. 
Otherwise it's juuuuuust right.My family and I love the brunch here. The chicken and waffle, Cuban sandwich, shrimp remoulade, all delicious! The owner is a nice guy and the music is always great.Very happy with this after three tests.  Many name chefs open up informal restaurants offering local fare but by the time they are done playing with the classics they have changed them for the worse.  Not so here.  They are putting out classic local dishes done just right in a setting that is unpretentious and feels like it has been there for a couple of generations.A friend goes there just for the Happy Hour. He says the drinks are great, but then, this friend says that about anything with alcohol.
This is just one example of how Freret Street corridor is getting better and better.
P.S. Order the cheese grits if you go.Highly recommend the burger here. Got the slow roasted pork added on. It's a big bite burger so come hungry. The girls liked the pimento Mac and cheese and the sweet potato salad. Sampled the shrimp creole and it had a bit of a kick but great flavor.I had a wonderful experience here. The food was great, the service was great. . I will definitely go back on my next visit to new Orleans. . I highly recommended the mac n cheese and baked applesmoked chicken..When passing by this quaint corner resturant on Ferret St, seeing the 50s retro tile floors, the dark brown painted booths, the painted arm height stripe that circles the walls (think 50s high school) and the ceiling fans rotating above, you can't help but be taken back into that realm of the classic diner.  However, this is just a facade and unfortunately so.  While I stopped in for Sunday lunch and chomped down on good helping of the pork roast with cold slaw, what I was really craving was a generous stack of pancakes, topped with maple syrup, a side of eggs, bacon and why not grits.  Wake up!... What?  This isn't a breakfast place?  Your telling me... It should be!  Everything about this place screams chocolate malt shake, toast and hashbrowns and why not a cherry coke.  What Ferret (really anywhere in Uptown) needs is a diner that serves up a little bit of everything but most especially a 'breakfast menu served all day' sorta place.  While my lunch was ok, it left me acking for more.  If you're the owners of this fine establishment, please consider adding a full breakfast menu and open early on sat and sun.  It will be standing room only!  Uptown sorely lacks good affordable breakfast places (I can name only two) but both are not near Ferret.  
Despite this, this High Hat is a fun little place to enjoy some great food.  Stop in and check it out!The food was good, homemade pickled pickles were yummy, my only issue was the shrimp hash was really greasy...I still ate it all though!My husband and I have brunch at High Hat every time we go to New Orleans! The staff is friendly and makes us feel like regulars. The menu has something for everyone, including the most picky eaters. My favorite dishes are the chicken and waffles and the pork debris and grits. Everything is made fresh and in house, right down to their beverages. 
My good friend turned me onto this place, and I have turned family and friends onto this restaurant as well! You will not be disappointed!My mother, toddler and infant were in New Orleans had a late lunch at High Hat Cafe. My mom really wanted to go there after seeing the restaurant on the Food Network and plus eat somewhere not in the French Quarter. The area is near Tulane University and in the cutest neighborhood. All I can say is WOW! The food was excellent as well as the service. I had the best and freshest gulf shrimp - head and all- as well pimento mac and cheese was to die for and my mother liked her oyster poboy as well. We were rushing to hit the road back to Atlanta and I left my credit card by accident. I called the restaurant and they knew exactly who I was and offered to mail it back to me. Again, great food, service and even the non alcoholic drinks were excellent. Go to Hat Hat for something  off the beaten path and great food. We are still talking about it.Delicious southern comfort food. Don't miss out on their homemade pickles. I had them the first time I ate at the restaurant and dreamed about them for months. Next time I visited, I made sure to take home a quart of pickles.My wife and I stumbled upon High Hat Cafe when had come to find out that Company Burger down the street was closed on that Tuesday. What a blessing in disguise, we couldn't have been happier with our experience here!
I had the High Hat burger which comes with the most delicious melted pimiento cheese, homemade pickles and fresh tomatoes! The fries were perfectly cooked and complemented the burger to perfection! My wife had the same except she added bacon and an over easy egg to her burger with a side of pimiento Mac & cheese which was equally enjoyable!
For dessert we shared a slice of the special Blueberry Pecan Pie with cream cheese ice cream and it was a real treat! Our server was excellent and she seemed to be equally excited for us to try our food as we were! This place is a true gem, hands down best burger in NOLA!Outstanding lunch! We had the pimento burger and catfish plate, yummy.... Everything is made fresh and you can tell the difference. Recommend the fresh squeezed lemonade to drink.Busy Freret corner cafe that's been on my South Shore wishlist.  We went on a whim during the week and seated right away.  I liked the location, good service and good home cooking.  
I had the smoked chicken with sweet potato salad.  The chicken had a great smokey flavor, a little bit drier for my taste; and the unique twist on traditional potato was, well unique.  Hubby got the burger, to my disappointment.  The burger was good, flavorful, well seasoned.  The side of fries were hot and crispy.
I'd go back and try something different, but my judicial pallete is still out in this one.  I had high hopes for High Hat, so hubby will try the bar and see if it's a winner.  I'll be back!The food was MEH and service was MEH, went here because my friend said he heard good things about this restaurant, maybe will try again ??!!!!Visit was on 5/14. I live about 3 blocks from this place and have never gone before today because to me the menu did not look that exciting but I decided to give High Hat a try. All I have to say is WOW it blew me away. I ordered their signature angus burger with fries and some of their famous mac'n cheese. Both were outrageously good. The burger was actually cooked the way I asked for it to be cooked and the fries were piled so high I could not even make much of a dent in them after everything else. The pickles were possibly the best I have ever had and they tasted like they were made in house. The server was also really friendly and just attentive enough, never hovering or being annoying. I am a pretty critical person when it comes it to food and this place really knocked it out of the park for me.Tonight we experienced some true New Orleans food! I had the BBQ Gulf Shrimp-it was FABULOUS! I was a bit surprised when the dish was served with heads and tails & the server said "you're in Louisiana now!" B-had the fried catfish basket and LOVED IT!!! M-had Mac n Cheese, sweet potato salad ! Then we split the Meyer Lemon Icebox Pie DEE-LISH-OUS!! If your lucky enuf to be in the neighborhood be lucky to patronize this place!!!This is an excellent place to eat lunch or dinner, the menu is a mix of local and standard American food but its well balanced and there is something for everyone here. It's off the tourist trail but its all priced right and the service was excellent and they have a full bar. I had the grilled fish and it was perfectly prepared and spiced, really excellent. They even have their own parking lot across the street!If I'm craving a catfish poboy, I know exactly where to go. It helps that their food is always fresh tasting and they serve it with some of the yummiest drinks on Freret.We tried this place near my home when we had family in town. There were five of us and everyone enjoyed their food. My husband's burger was good, especially if you like pimento cheese. I had the catfish, was was awesome, and the sweet potato salad was really good. They have a nice bar too they we visited for a quick afternoon drink, and all the staff we have encountered have been friendly and helpful. They also have root beer floats, and I got a fried doughnut with ice cream, which I promptly recreated at home because it was such a genius idea. I like this place a lot; they have a menu that pleases locals and visitors alike.  I plan on returning as much as I can to try out their really great sounding specials.I had lunch here the other day and I must say it was amazing. Try the pimento burger or the lamb BLT SOOOOO Good. We also had a hendricks cocktail and it was great. Very friendly staff and great experience over-all.I hold High Hat in high regard. 
Aside from their delicious brunch and overall tasty food and drink menu, there are two big reasons I continue to return:
Their Pimento Cheese Burger. 
&
Their house aged Old Fashioned.
The drink itself is perfect. You will always find different riffs on this classic but the profile of theirs is perfect. 
Just the right amount of bitters and whisky. 
They also age their base in small little barrels lined up behind the bar. 
I just want to take one of them home. 
Lets talk about their burger(s).
I might ruffle some feathers here but I feel they have a better burger than Company.
There it is, I said it. 
They aren't trying too hard.
The product speaks for itself. 
It reminds me of the burgers my mother would make us when I was a kid. 
(Though Im arguably still a kid.) 
Their burgers are perfect in their imperfections. 
The pimento burger, in particular is so wrong its right.Great service, alright food. I had a fried oyster poboy with sweet potato fries (which were on point). My significant other have fried fish and it was quite tasty. We had the pecan and date pie with ice cream for dessert and it was delicious. Very friendly server. This place is decent for vegetarians.Holy wow, I was really not expecting the food to be quite this good. I ordered a burger and it was honestly one of the best I've ever had. The pickles were homemade, I think.. who even does that?! The tomatoes tasted just like one from my grandma's garden, and I was blown away. The pimento cheese tastes just like hers, too. I guess my only complaint is that the drink I ordered wasn't amazing - it was only "really really good." :)
Definitely stop in. I'm rather glad I did!I make a point of getting to High Hat each time I am in New Orleans. Simple menu with tradional foods that is executed close to flawlessly. The bar gets creative with fresh in season ingredients and churns out some killer cocktails. I typically go in for lunch, and the catfish basket or oyster remoulade po boy always satisfies. Their oysters and catfish are always on point, nice crunch and never greasy with great flavor. Apps like the delta tamales and deviled eggs platter get creative and can easily be a meal spoiler due to over indulgence.
But, a huge star here is the pies. They change with the season, and I have been lucky enough to sample quite a few over the last couple of years. They make a wonderful flakey crust, and fill with seasonal fruits or the amazing black bottom peanut with a side of home made ice cream.
High Hat is always recommended if you are looking for a break from the foo foo and want a good warming southern meal.Excellent catfish and hushpuppies done in the MS Delta/Memphis style of home!  Hushpuppies aren't impossible to find in Louisiana, but they're certainly not as ubiquitous as in other areas.  nice to see them done well here and I'm happy to see good crowds in this new addition to the renewed Freret Street culinary row!On a short stay in NOLA, we were fortunate to be steered by very savvy local friends to the High Hat, which was pretty much a master class in solid Southern cooking and flavors.  Great wine and Sazeracs, the Pimento Cheese platter was astonishing, the entrees were savory with subtle spices that really brought out the character of the meats. Possibly the best french beans and bacon side I have ever had;  the cole slaw was also outstanding.  Our group sampled two fruit pies, both were outstanding with minimal sugar and a very traditional, simple crust.  Service was super too.Delicious southern homestyle food. AMAZING cornmeal fried chicken- classic but not too greasy. Burgers also great. Amazingly yummy iced tea with homemade ginger syrup. Everything I've ordered here has been killer EXCEPT the sweet potato salad (sounds good but isn't). The catfish is good but a bit overrated - the chicken is better.
Tends to be a long wait on weekend nights!I've been to High Hat twice recently and had a wonderful experience both times. The first time we arrived just before closing, but the staff welcomed us and didn't make us feel rushed. The second time I was part of a party of eight, including two kids, and again, the service was friendly. 
Both times the food was delicious. I got the vegetable plate. The cheese grits were the best I've ever had. The green beans were cooked perfectly. The catfish was also reported to be very good. Everyone loved their food both times. I also like that they buy a lot of their ingredients from local farmers.
I would give five stars if they had some kind of bread to start the meal. We were starving, and it took a long time to get our food. I'm not complaining about the time, but something small would have made the wait seem a lot shorter. None of the appetizers are vegetarian, so I couldn't order those. Besides, appetizers tend to take a while, so a lot of restaurants offer something to tide you over.I went here once several months back with some friends eating full dinner but I just had sides and didn't think that made me qualified to review the place yet. But the sides I had back then were good. 
Then, I had an out-of-town guest for the second weekend in a row and didn't feel like going to any of the usual suspects for dinner again. And since High Hat was in the vicinity of our evening plans (and open on Sunday night, which MATTERS in this town), I looked to see what Yelp was saying about it lately. Seems like some folks were not too impressed. And I want you to know, your opinion matters to me, unimpressed Yelpers, but since I was in charge of feeding a visitor who had never been here before, I figured it was the perfect time to give it a shot. Because she wouldn't know any better! I mean, she didn't want to stand in line at Mahoney's the day before for her first ever po-boy and went to Ignatius instead! And she loved it! You see? Can't miss what you never had. 
Anyway, if you've ever passed the space, you know what it looks like because it's all windows and fairly open arrangement. Tile floors, so it can get a bit noisy, but it feels cozier and warmer full than it looks when it's empty. But enough of that. You can't eat the atmosphere, right? 
Appetizer:
Boudin. Stone-ground mustard, pickles that I'm guessing are housemade (definitely not Vlassic), and a few slices off a french roll accompany the large boudin patty. I appreciated that they weren't pawning off deep fried balls of boudin but letting the actual sausage stand on its own merits. It's good stuff though not the spicy kind.
Entrees: 
-Catfish (tender but also a bit thin and soggy, corn meal coating could have had some more flavor going on),
-Smoked and roasted chicken (very impressive - moist, good smoke, crispy skin)
-Meatloaf special (yeah I don't know why, either. But it was OK) 
Sides: 
-Hushpuppies (good flavor, a little dry, small, and over-fried) 
-Mashed potatoes with white gravy (good and lumpy)
-Tomato and okra (stewed and bland) 
-Mustard greens (standard to bland) 
-French fries (pretty tasty. They could mix more of the salt/seasonings they use on those into the corn meal coating for the fish and I'd be happy). 
And satsuma lemonades for everyone, which were fun but in hindsight I shoulda just gone with regular lemonade. Satsuma slices clog up a straw real effectively. I have had their Pimm's cup before and I recall it being pretty good. 
And the service was on top of our waters and checked in often, despite the place being about 90% full when we entered. So maybe they have those issues ironed out now? 
So there you go. It wasn't the best meal I ever had. But I wouldn't mind going there again. The visitor, by the way, loved the place and couldn't stop thanking us for taking her there (and she was the one who paid the bill, in case you were thinking she was being grateful for the free grub).Loved it! It felt a little off the beaten path from where we stayed in the garden district but so worth it. I had the High Hat hamburger and it was superb! 
Tried their black bottom peanut pie and it was life changing, I now prefer that over pecan pie.Casual, comfortable Southern-style diner with old-fashioned charm. High Hat is one of the newest restaurants on Freret Street but the décor, old sign above the bar, and tile floors make it seem like it's been there for 40 years.
I recently visited for lunch with a friend. I ordered the pimento cheese plate as an appetizer and the veggie plate lunch as an entrée. The pimento cheese plate was definitely enough for 2 (or more) people to share- a big scoop of pimento cheese served with round slices of French bread, carrots, celery, and cucumber. High Hat's pimento cheese is very flavorful (with the addition of dill). Unfortunately, the bread was a bit dry and the carrots and celery could have been fresher or crisper. It was a generous portion but for $8 I would have preferred fewer but better quality vegetables.
The veggie plate lunch comes with a choice of 3 sides and corn bread. I chose okra & tomatoes, smoky black-eyed peas, and sweet potato salad. Vegetarians beware- the black-eyed peas are made with ham and/or bacon (the waitress warned me). The black-eyed peas were good but slightly too smoky and salty for me. The okra & tomatoes were a good version of this dish. The sweet potato salad was delicious- my favorite item on the plate. I really liked the sweetness in contrast to the other 2 sides. The cornbread had nice flavor but was a little dry (could use more butter in recipe). It is unnecessary to order an appetizer and an entrée at lunch- I ended up bringing home half of both dishes as leftovers.
My friend ordered a side salad and the pulled pork sandwich, which came with fries. The salad was a nice green salad. He seemed to like the sandwich, although I thought it was odd that a Southern restaurant serves pulled pork on French bread. Overall, I thought the food was good, not great (a solid 3.5 stars). The service was friendly and the ambience is charming. I definitely want to try their catfish platter, so I will return soon.
If you're on Freret and looking for Southern-style food, give High Hat a try.We really enjoy this little strip on Feret St.  I always see people at High Hat on our way to gelato, so we decided to stop in.  No reservations...no problem.  We got there around 6:30 on a Friday.
The place has a diner vibe that they're cultivating.  Very casual with a menu seemed focus on local eats.  I kind of felt like it was a farm to table diner.  
One app was a hit and one was a bust.  I loved the Boudin.  Not exactly traditional boudin but tasty nonetheless.  Served out of the casing, which I'm sure some people prefer.  The gumbo to me was a dud.  I don't remember the details of the flavor, but I remember having like 4 bites and thinking, "Not worth it."  I had catfish en route anyway.  My entree was the fried catfish.  It was served with fries, slaw and hush puppies.  The catfish was pretty darn good.  Really nice pieces of fish and a decent batter.  The sides didn't stand out except for the puppies of hush.  Shari V helped herself to a few of those tasty bites.  Fries, unfortunately, were a little soggy and not particularly well seasoned.  
Service was great.  Our waitress was really nice.  She made plenty of suggestions, hopefully in earnest.  These cooking/restaurant shows always have me doubting waitstaff.  At any rate, she was on point for refills and hit the 2 bite check-in.  No complaints.
Overall, we had a decent meal at High Hat.  I suspect we will repeat.  I think this place has some 4 star food.  I just have to repeat to find it.Over the years, the High Hat Cafe had seriously picked up it's southern comfort food game. The burger with melted pimento cheese & house-made pickles is right up there with the best. The fries are house-cut, skin-on, and hot/crispy too.  On a recent visit, I decided to go with the grilled catfish po-boy along with the green beans & bacon side (instead of fries). The catfish was super fresh, not fishy & well seasoned on a generous incredibly fresh buttery french bread loaf. Dressed simply with lettuce, bright/sweet tomato slices, this sandwich melts in your mouth.
Onto the green beans- these are simply the best green beans Ive ever tasted.  Very crisp yet tender long beans, with just the right balance of smokey, rich bacon to slather them into tastebud nirvana. No kidding, these green beans should win an award! One of the best quality to value restaurants in the New Orleans area, I look forward to more soul-satisfying meals at High Hat Cafe.Delicious! Some of the best BBQ shrimp I've had from a restaurant. Fabulous menu items like pork debris, chicken & waffles, and po-boys with perfect Leidenheimer French bread. Fast, clean, and sweet servers!This place is darn good. I had an amazing Cuban sandwich with perfect vegetarian green beans. The service is great and the atmosphere is wonderful, too.Excellent grilled and fried catfish. Delicious fries and hush puppies. Tasty blood orange ice box pie. Friendly service.Great food and service.  Fried catfish is the best in the area.  Mac and Cheese made with pimento cheese is great and the bar features homemade ingredients that up the taste threshold a big step.
A friend lost her bracelet and as a last thought called the restaurant and yes they had her bracelet and after identification returned it to her.   THEY WOULD NOT TAKE A TIP FOR THAT SERVICE!!!This place was pretty good!(: My boyfriend and I both got the BBQ Burger he got with fries, and I got the hushpuppies. We both got lemonade. I wish the lemonade had refills and I kind of wish the menu was better because this was the only thing that looked good. But it was really good. I want to give 4.5 stars lol. But I'll go with 5. 
The two burger meals was $38The food was excellent. Best fried oyster Po boy I have ever had.  The waitstaff and Brooklyn-born bartender were incredibly professional and accommodating.I like High Hat, don't get me wrong. The meatloaf special I had was great. Never had I experienced a meatloaf that juicy. But I just can't get over the prices. $14 for a slice of meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and mustard greens? $12+ for a catfish platter? I've always had delicious food here, but the prices seem a bit outrageous for what I'm getting.My review is only based upon their fried chicken, green beans with ham and their mac-n-cheese.This place has the best fried chicken around!!!  It's different because they use corn meal.  It has the best tasting crust and the chicken has always been juicy inside, never dried out.  I like Mr. Ed's too, but this has my number 1 vote.  I love their green beans with apple smoked bacon.  They are very tasty and I often have 2 sides of them instead of one of their other sides.  The pimento mac-n-cheese is to die for!  You can't come here and not have it.  I haven't tried any of their other menu items, but my friends have and they have been extremely happy with their meals.  Yikes, I almost forgot to mention the servers.  They are fantastic.  All of them have been quick to take our orders.  They are very friendly and do their best to make sure you have a wonderful dining experience.
My only other comment is that I wish they had fried chicken every day!!!!  Please High Hat, please...Delicious food every time I've been here. The owner greets you personally at the door - a nice touch. He really cares about his patrons' experience. And it has a retro, easygoing atmosphere. The ruben (in-house smoked meat) was terrific. The homemade hibiscus beverage had a lovely subtle flavor - syrup made in house. Meals change often and always interesting and very tasty. Large portions - we always bring boxes home.I wanted to try something new, my friend suggested trying this place. As we walked in it felt like it had been there for awhile and everyone that worked there was laid back. You could tell someone there liked catfish, many items had it as well as pimento was on allot of dishes. I decided on the Spicy Seared Gulf Fish with Shrimp Hash, & a Cuban. My friend got the stuffed Mushrooms, i tried a bite, i am not a big mushroom fan but they were pretty good. Lots of flavor tasted similar to meat but very clean. Took about 15 / 20 min for our main meals to reach the table, Everything looked good, the Gulf Fish was speckled Trout, it had a great flavor, for the price they should have had double the amount of fish. The Shrimp has was pretty good, a tad bit salty but overall good. The cuban was pretty good, i never had one before to compare but i really like it. They pressed it so it was nice and crispy, it did have pulled pork on it that was really good. My wife and i swapped plates mid meal to try the others and we both liked everything. My friend got a burger and home cut fries, i didn't try the burger but he really liked it said it was just as good as company burger. I only tried the fries that were really good, very crisp but not over cooked. So i will defiantly go back next time i am around but i will try other items.We had the roasted chicken, pimento deviled ham and cheese plate! 
Oh my goodness so yummy!
We had the greens beans w bacon!AMAZING!
EVERYTHING WAS FRESH, And delish! 
He drinks were good, service was great, prices were good,overall a great experience! I would highly recommend!Do you like to go to restaurants where you're treated better than just a giant, indiscriminate Pacman mouth?
High Hat has excellent service and gourmet, white table cloth Southern food in a classic diner atmosphere. Our server, Lee, gave us a wonderful explanation of the history of the restaurant, including that the owners had tried to maintain the color scheme of the bakery that used to be there. She was happy to answer our questions about many of the eclectic menu items as well as the historical preservation that had gone in to the noticeably coherent design. If you enjoy sophisticated, delicious soul food in a come-as-you-are atmosphere, this is for you. 
BONUS: Be sure to check out and ask the bartenders or server about the cool vintage sign above the bar that says "Cecil's High Hat." 
DOUBLE BONUS: Watermelon mint lemonadeGet the oysters they were awesome. Be aware of the greens they tasted like leather shoes. But the atmosphere was nice, drinks where good, and food was well put together. 
Make sure to also try their tea and lemonade.I've gone here for the fried chicken day and brunch a million times. The chicken is on point and the staff always pleasant. Very simple food, but that's what you want out a diner!One of my fav spots in Nola. Greats: fried catfish, shrimp remoulade salad, margaritas, anything on the specials board. They are great at using seasonal produce on the specials and even for the drinks (homemade infused syrups).Southern delights in a comfortable setting! After happy hour at Cure, my friends and I were in the mood for a substantial dinner. Even though there was a wait, we stuck it out *at the bar* and we were glad we did. The cocktails were delectable. Yum! Luckily, there are several vegetable options and a veggie plate where you get to pick 3. I got the stewed okra, green beans, and mac & cheese. As a vegetarian, I was comfortable, along with my friends who got the catfish and the bbq shrimp. I would definitely come here again!Good food and a place we like to go.  We had a family of 6 and was seated promptly with no issues and had great service.  We sampled about everything on the menu.  Have several local beers on tap and we enjoyed the burgers, chicken fried, and shrimp.I went there couple of weeks ago and can not wait to go back for the best Reuben sandwich ever.  Everything was clean and staff was good.This is by far one of the BEST restaurants I have experienced. Savannah was AMAZEBALLS. She is tentative, friendly and has an amazing positive attitude. Great smile too! Totes adorable place and location. Will be back for sure when I return to NOLA.I have eaten here about 15 times. The first few times were really great, truly 5 stars, but there were quite a few trips in the middle that were less than great. My most recent trip has given me hope that they were just having a rough patch.
For the good: Five stars for the macaroni and cheese--it's consistently the best. Seriously, the best. I had the meatloaf once--it was delicious. Like mom made, but better. Shhhh! The One Eyed Burger is also exceptional.
For the mixed: The fries have been exceptional a few times. When they're good, they're soft and a little crispy.
For the bad: The catfish and the fried chicken were both really bad. The time I had the catfish, it hadn't been properly cleaned. There were sections of it that were inedible. The fried chicken was random cut pieces of chicken and it was DRY DRY DRY. The wing was inedible it was so dry. 
It's busy, and when it's good it's good.Service was quick and the bartender was quite friendly, but the food was not that great. 
I ordered an oyster remoulade poboy, expecting plump delicious oysters that you would expect to find anywhere in New Orleans. 
Instead the oysters were dreaded in too much cornmeal (or whatever breading it was in), there was so much butter on the bread I felt like I was eating sticks of butter, and there was hardly any remoulade sauce.  
I might give High Hat a second chance in a couple months but right now, whenever I see High Hat, all I can think about is the butter sandwich I could hardly eat.I think their burgers are the best in town. Check out their fish and specials they're fabulous. I have trouble resisting their incredible desserts. The specials lately have been incredible. Tonight they had oyster spaghetti that was a mystical experience. I hope they have it again. The things they can do with oysters is beyond magic. The pie tonight was a blood orange custard that could bring tears of joy.I visited again on 5/29 and ate at the bar for the first time. I ordered the burger with pimento cheese on top and a turbodog. They made it exactly how I wanted it, like always, and it came quickly even on a Friday evening. The service at the bar was friendly and just as good as when I sat at a table. I was unable to finish everything and took home a little snack for later which is awesome. 
My vist on 5/29 was my third. I went about a week earlier with a friend who had the BBQ shrimp and chose grits as his side. The shrimp were enormous even by Louisiana standards and it just smelled really amazing. I have to say I am planning on getting that next time I go. 
I must say about that other visit, the one after my first but before the one on 5/29, we ordered a side of corn bread at my friends insistence most likely because he's not from the south and has no doubt been deprived of things like corn bread. 
Anyway, the corn bread was brought out first with our drinks but the server just left it on the table with little butter packets in the basket. We were not given any plates or extra napkins which was awkward because they only give you one napkin rolled around your silverware unless you ask for more so we just unrolled our silverware and used that napkin as a plate for our cornbread. BUT I must say everything was forgiven by the time I ate as much of my meal as I could (I took 1/2 home) because the portions are very generous. Also, the server was friendly and looked after us even though she was busy and I could see she had several other tables in her section. 
Strong performance from this place every time so far (except occasionally plates for cornbread) but that is so minor is does not really matter.The good is consistently outstanding, pork, fish... I would happily order the deviled egg plate every time. The craft cocktails are innovative and tasty, but the well drinks and beers are pricy. Save room for dessert, I rarely do, but it's delicious.I wanted to love this place I really did.  But I just can't get over is the food that was just average at best.  The atmosphere has a very old feel, but in a charming way, not in the way where there are cobwebs and wallpaper. They do have a very cool Bar area and the drinks I have tried in my visits here are pretty solid, although they are kind of pricey and a place like this would really benefit from a happy hour.  First, I will mention some good things. There fries are pretty good and upon one of my visits I got a steak special which is still the only stand out I have ever experienced here. It was cooked well and seasoned to perfection. However this place had to get all weird and hipster-like and add a mint butter on top. That was very strange. It wasn't bad, but it was...odd to say the least. I just don't think my taste buds ever adjusted to mint on my steak. The service is always friendly. 
Now to the flip side of this coin. 
My issue here is I think they think their food is better than it is. They rave about their catfish basket. They have catfish on their logo, on their marketing materials, and  highlighted on their menu. Well I am sorry to announce that I could not eat my catfish basket, it was not eatable.  The fish was not cut correctly I suppose.  You know when you get catfish and you sometimes get that little layer of blackish beneath the white flaky fish meat? High Hat's fish was quite the opposite, it was black fish with barely any white flaky fish. It tasted like the way the reptile encounter smells at the Audubon zoo.  If you are not from round here I will explain the taste with a more high brow description...It was funky! It wasn't just one piece either, it was every single piece in my basket. They serve it with a white remalade sauce that I only prayed would be less bland so I could have covered up the fish corpse taste of the catfish, but I was not so lucky. 
The Pimento Burger is okay. The meat was juicy and cooked very well. But it was just very plain.  The cheese is very mild and you barely taste it. 
Their sides , on paper , you would think would be amazing! But once again prepare to get let down.  If someone charges for cornbread, I expect something pretty incredible. Believe me when I tell you that I would take a box of .99 cent jiffy box made cornbread over this bread any day of the week.  The pimento Mac and cheese was creamy but bland, and really, that was just the problem with this place. Bland Bland Bland. The only strong flavor I got from here was a very "strong fishy taste" from their fish.
I was very disappointing here. To top it off, my dining partner got incredibly sick from our last visit.
The Good:
The service, the bar, fries are good
The Bad:
There are a lot of bland food here.  
The Ugly:
The Catfish was simply some of the worst Catfish I have had with eating catfish locally for over 30 years.  You would do better getting a 5 dollar catfish basket at Popeyes.Best mac n' cheese on the planet!! High Hat has great service...the owner is almost always there, super friendly, and everything works like clockwork. We've tried several menu items...all the vegetables on the vegetable plate are awesome. The Cuban pork sandwich is really good...pulled pork and ham, cheese, pickles, should I stop now?!? Yum. We go here often and usually bring out of town guests here for great, homemade comfort food. Oh, and don't forget the bar...most all concoctions (even non alcoholic like the hibiscus lemonade) are made with homemade infusions!It's good. I've been hear a couple of times at varying degrees of sobriety, and the service has been pretty standard. The food offerings are great, I highly recommend their po-boys, which are a much better alternative to other shops which are dedicated solely to this task (I'm looking at you Freret Street Po-boys). They also have some great drink options. I remember (quite fuzzily) a concoction called the Mexican Jumping Bean, a tequila libation with a coffee bean at the bottom. If you're in uptown for lunch or what have you, this place should be pretty high up on your list.Ordered the catfish basket, pretty standard but subbed the fries for the sweet potato salad. Another customer said the gumbo wasn't good gumbo but I'm sure there's some good stuff on the menu. I'll return for the catfish basket when I'm in town again although my waitress seemed quite clueless.Always a great meal and fantastic service. I suggest the Okra and tomatoes. They are well prepared and tasty. Roasted chicken had a great flavor. Very moist. 
Braised greens were spot on. Not overly seasoned and delicious. 
I suggest the deviled eggs and shrimp and remoulade salad. I liked the kick it had to it.I just recently got back from NOLA!!! The whole purpose of my trip was to experience the culture and food was number one on the list. 
 I know this review is not about New Orleans lol so moving forward. Day 3 in NOLA found this place on Yelp and it was great!!  
I ordered the barbecue shrimp. The taste was so good!!! I wanted more so I ended up ordering a second one. My friend ordered some sort of a platter with some amazing tasting cheese! I really can't find the words to explain that bbq shrimp! 
On our way out the owner comes out to greet us. We were thrilled! First time in Nola but if I go back I am headed straight for that bbq  shrimp!!!  
Overall we were treated very well during our visit and I am happy I came here. Really added to making my Nola experience awesome!!!Delicious food! My friend and I got the catfish plate and a veggie plate and shared them so we could have more veggies. The pimento mac and cheese ties with Crescent PIe and Sausage's fried mac and cheese for fave in the city!Good food and good service-- had the chicken waffles and eggs and my husband had the Cuban sandwich --we are both very satisfied!SOME OF THE BEST FOOD IVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!! I'm not exaggerating when I said this food changed my life. I'm from RI and nothing compares. Please go