Nothing short of a five-star experience.  I stay in a lot of business class hotels, and this particular Hilton wowed me with both accommodations and some excellent New Orleans hospitality.  Doesn't hurt to have  a gorgeous view of the Mississippi River.  It is close to everything you will want to see in New Orleans.  Definitely plan to return!Don't waste your money. You will have better service at the Harrah or even a motel 6. 
The rooms are generic, and the customer service of the staff is horrible.I booked a room at the Hilton Riverside in an attempt to be close yet slightly outside of the French Quarter. The hotel is within a 10 minute walk from the Quarter, and is located directly across from Harrahs, which could hold its own against many of the Vegas casinos. Additionally, the Riverwalk (A large indoor mall) is accessible from within the hotel, which was convenient. For those who are opposed to walking, the Riverside Trolley stops at the Hotel and makes several stops parallel to Decatur St. The check in process was fine, and I had no complaints about the room, which was a recently renovated Riverside room facing the Mississippi. The maid service was satisfactory, the toiletries high-end and the concierge was helpful - this is your typical Hilton. However, if you do stay here, be prepared for fees - for EVERYTHING. I did not have a vehicle, and thus did not pay for parking, but those with cars will be delighted to know that parking is a mere $36 per night! Additionally, in a time when wifi is available free almost everywhere, including hotels, Hilton is charging $14.95 per night. Even the vending machines are victim to the gouging, as a 20oz bottle of soda is $3.00. I was actually quite surprised that they did not charge for the ice. If they were operating like a movie theatre, subsidizing the cost of the room by charging obscene amounts for everything else, that would be fine. But clearly, that is not so, as the room rate was definitely Hilton-esque. Finally, a word about the thermostat in the room: the lowest possible setting is 64F. Believe me - in New Orleans, you need that AC! However, after about 30 seconds, the set temperature is reset to 68F. My guess is that it is a cost saving measure, but it still seems like trickery!Well appointed, clean rooms, friendly staff.  It is a bit of a walk to the French Quarter or Jackson Square - it can be nice to be away from the chaos, but at the same time you miss some of the experience of being located more centrally.The rooms are outdated but the lobby is very nice and modern so when you get to your room you will be disappointed.  Dragos and decent bar food is available downstairs and you cannot beat the location.  Walking distance to the convention center for business during the day and walking distance to bourbon street or harrahs for the night.  I did like the executive hh for diamond members as it has great views and good food ...sometimes cooked by dragos.I was very impressed with the texting option. I really like the convenience of being able to ask questions via text. The staff was extremely nice, helpful and informed. The check out process was very easy and convenient. The hotel restaurant and store is a bit expensive but the food is delicious. I would have liked for my room to have an iron and closet but I did love that the room did have a refrigerator. I would highly recommend WiFi access in the rooms and other parts of the hotel other than the lobby area. It was kind of a hassle trying to connect to WiFi in that big hotel.Great location close to the French quarter and also convention center. Overlooks the river. Also, attached to Drago's, which is convenient and fairly decent. Front desk reception is nice and pretty quick. The hotel is on the older side and it really shows in the rooms. Housekeeping very inconsistent, and I had to call to ask for toiletries and towels multiple times. Also, a lot of ambient sound in the room, and the climate control is not the best. Also, park in the lot that is attached to the hotel (the sign reads Hilton, not the one that reads hotel); the secondary lot which is closest to the valet lot is dirty and not accessible for strollers, etc. Overall, a good option but a little rough around the edges.
Edit: also, there were not enough trash cans in the room.Nice hotel and clean. Enjoyed the stay. Huge hotel with Riverwalk mall at bottom level. Has GAP outlet which is a plus for me :)
Don't expect housekeeping bring you extra stuff per request. It'll never happen. I caught the housekeeper in the hallway and was able to get what I need though. This is why it's missing one star from me.
Overall the stay was great. Location awesome. Walking distance to French Quarter with nice view to the Mississippi River.Let me start off by saying my first day here was wonderful, love the staff... Day two was a different story. Woke up at 6am for a 19 hour work day and my shower would only spout out hot water and scolding hot water.... Called the front desk they said they would send a technician, I didn't have time to wait so I told them just to get someone up there to fix it before 8pm ....  Get back to my room at 830 pm,  shower still was not fixed!!!! They said they would send a technician right away, then I receive a call that there were two people ahead of me.... I had to be at an event by 930.  I told the manager all this information... And then had to suggest myself to switch my room because no working shower at a hotel is obviously unacceptable. They did honor my request and comp my points for the evening, keep in mind were diamond status ... But it didn't make it any less of a hassle having to pack EVERYTHING, move rooms and still get ready. I ended up being an hour late for my party. I expected some sort of phone call from the manager asking if I was happy with my new accommodations and NOTHING. Needless to say, I will NEVER stay at this Hilton property again.Great customer service and a good room with a great view of the Mississippi River.  The jazz dinner cruise boat sat outside my window but didn't cause problems. They have s nice fitness room and is directly connected to the Convention Center by way of the Riverwalk outlet mall which has steps from the hotel to the mall. Room service is expensive but prompt. The pool is clean and there amenities everywherestayed here for 5 nights recently, for a global conference i attended....
hadn't been in nola since that-which-must-not-be-named, as one local journalist called it....
hilton riverside is just outside the french quarter, across from harrah's (no, i didn't) and connects to riverwalk mall. great view from our room. the beds were lovely, the room was large, the bath was OK tho there was no exhaust fan to suck up the humidity from the shower.
one of the 2 phones in our room did not work. i reported it 3 times. no one ever came to see about it. but there were 6,000 of us in town....so maybe they were short-handed. ya think?
we infused more than $10 million into the local economy there, as well as raising another quarter million dollars while we were there, for funding specific local grant funds, as well as re-building the outdoor playground space at KIPP Central City Academy and Primary School which will be open this fall for the first time in 3 years..
anyway - this part of n'awlins is up & running - worth a visit and a stay, imo! this hilton connects with riverside, which connects with the ernest m. morial convention center, where our conference was held. walking distance, if it's not too hot & humid. you can also hoof it inside by following riverwalk.
www.savenolanow.comWe stayed at the Hilton as part of a package put together by Expedia; so our rate was very good.  The room was clean and very comfortable, quiet despite the Sugar Bowl fans in the halls, with great beds.  The concierges were the highlights of the stay though -- we got detailed advice from all of them; and really appreciated their suggestions and help.  But please, Mr. Hilton -- $ 63.00 is a lot for a week of WiFi, when all we really needed was a few minutes each evening.The first room we got was a little small but great view there was a stain that they were still trying to get out of the carpet when we arrived but they moved us to a bigger room with no view but we gladly accepted, not bad and everything is fairly walkableThis hotel offers one of the best locations in the city. It is right next to the Mississippi River, Harrahs Casino, and is a not too distant walk to the French Quarter. The hotel also offers up a fine restaurant in Dragos. The views range from the River to the city. Prices may vary and you might want prefer a hotel closer to the Quarter if you are planning a visit to party on Bourbon.We have stayed here in numerous occasions and have had no issues. Staff is courteous. The pricing can be higher, but you are paying for location. We always enjoy the walking distance to the Convention Center, Riverwalk, and the Aquarium.The rooms are large and clean. The mattresses seemed new, not saggy and very comfortable. Rooms with a good view are reserved for their Honors program guests, which was not me. You could hear the train horn from some rooms which will wake you up. Overall, I'd stay here again but make sure I was eligible for some type of perks.So after a terrible experience (see previous review) I sent a "feedback requested" report to the central Hilton customer service. I immediately got a computer generated review that pointed out that all complaints are sent back to the hotel where they occurred. Needless to say I have heard nothing since. I am not surprised for it took 30 minutes to get someone to answer the front desk phone when I was trying to leave the garage after having paid my parking at the front desk and my key would no longer activate the gate. In truth, this is a poorly run, badly managed, overpriced, understaffed scam. Travellors, vacation people, even conventioneers should avoid it....ALERT!!!...AVOID!!!...AVOID!!!!...AVOID!!!!....and the HIlton brand in my mind is forever tarnished. They clearly to not maintain universal standards and control. This hotel has slipped through the cracks and should be reported to the tourist bureau. I would assume however that they probably have this agency in their pocket as well so the safer part of valor is avoid it.I stayed here for a convention. My room, in the main tower, was large and nicely appointed. 
I've generally had good experiences at Hilton Hotels, but not here.  The issue was not the facility, but service, which was uniformly poor. I wonder if the staff is underpaid or ill-managed; they seemed to dislike their own customers.
The catering staff were thoughtless, didn't listen and talked down to me. They splashed salad dressing across my salad despite my protests, and then removed the plate while I was begging to keep it. My tight schedule prevented me from escalating this so I left hungry. Colleagues dining at my table were mortified. 
Avoid the business center on the second floor. The person who staffed it should be replaced with someone who is helpful.Good grief. Another city, another Hilton hotel. What more is there to write that hasn't already been written about all the other hotels I've stayed at over the past six months? 
http://bit.ly/10baBsy
Let's start with the biggest advantage of this hotel - location. The Hilton Riverside is perfectly located if you are attending a convention at the New Orleans Convention Center. You quite literally walk out the front door, take a left and walk about 100 yards to the Convention Center entrance. It's close enough that if you want to take a break from your convention during the day, you can easily walk back to your room for some down time. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk from Bourbon Street and all the nonsense and foolishness taking place in the French Quarter. Also, there's a casino across the street if you enjoy pissing away your hard earned money.
The hotel itself is perfectly fine -- pretty much your standard issue Hilton hotel. My nightly rate was $225, part of a package with the convention I was in town attending. 
Orienting when you first enter is a bit odd because the registration is on the second floor, a poorly signed escalator ride from the main entrance. Also poorly signed was the registration line for Hilton Honors members. I arrived at a busy time for checking in (around 4:30PM) and jumped into what I thought was the only main line. It was only after quite a lengthy wait that I noticed a small, poorly located sign for a separate HHonors line. 
My room was on the third floor of what I assume is the older (or maybe original) building. Easy to get to and without requiring an elevator ride. Although I didn't explore, the hotel is huge, with a tower that must hold hundreds of rooms. The website claims the fitness facility is 90,000 sq. ft. and event space is 130,000 sq. ft. It's remarkable to me that the fitness space would 70% as large as the event space. I wish I had checked that out. There are also a couple of pools, a fact that was verifiable just by the chlorine smell that filled the hallway of my wing. The room itself was standard Hilton - two double beds, average TV (some HD channels), paid wifi, etc. It was clean and stocked with enough towels. There was really nothing extraordinary about it on either end of the spectrum. 
I had breakfast one morning at the Le Croissant restaurant, a small lunch another day at the Spirits Bar and ordered some dessert from room service one night. The breakfast service at Le Croissant was attentive and personable. The buffet offered a great assortment, was reasonably priced (as far as hotel buffets go -- $20), and my coffee cup was kept full without having to ask for a refill. The lunch service at the bar on the other hand, was a train wreck. I had to remind the server three times of what I ordered (house salad with Thousand Island dressing and fries) which was baffling and frustrating. Even more frustrating was that it took about 40 minutes for those two simple items to arrive. I watched as people who arrived after me received their full lunch orders well ahead of mine. The room service was friendly and prompt, but as is the case with all room service, incredibly expensive. A slice of carrot cake, a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a glass of milk was $40.
Looking at the Yelp averages, with 99 reviews (this will be the 100th), the Hilton Riverside is averaging out at 3.5 stars and I'd stay that's exactly right. But, since Yelp doesn't allow individual half stars, I'm rounding down to three stars. I would stay here again, but I wouldn't necessarily be excited about it.One of the worst experiences I've ever had. We were told we would get special prices on the rooms because we were on the American steamship Cruise Line. That was Lie number one, and the front desk clerk  refused  to tell us what the prices where we were supposed to get . Is she booked us for one day  with a river view  and said that we have to move to a different room the next day .  We said we didn't want to  pay the extra $35 to stay in the same room  and  she then tells us  that the less expensive room  is the exact same price  as what we're paying for the better room. To top it off we had to ask her to repeat everything multiple times because she never spoke loud enough that we could hear over the background noise.
 We leave the room at 10 a.m. in the morning and come back at 4 and the room still hasn't been serviced. At the price they're getting for these rooms the service should be a hell of a lot better than it is. My wife went to the concierge desk for some help and before she could even start talking the concierge says let me interrupt you first and then talk to us in a condescending voice about what we have to do since we're on the cruise. Overall one of the worst experiences I've had in a hotel and based on this it's most likely I'll never stay at a Hilton again.Love the location! Easy walk to the French Quarter! Love that there is a huge indoor three level mall below the hotel. Drago's restaurant is in the hotel and I enjoy the river view. The gym is a bit if a hike to get over to and it's not included in your stay. The room is very clean and nicely decorated!Very nice room. We stayed in the building closest to the river. The rooms were large and updated. This is a huge conference hotel on the river. It's about a 15 min walk to the quarter. The beds were good, not too hard. A fine place to stay but not a quarter hotel.The staff is friendly and efficient. However, the hotel needs to be updated. It looks old, carpets looks old as well as the decorations. They could benefit from hiring an interiror designer... definitely!  The room is really clean (no complains about it). Best feature of the hotel is... Dragos restaurant. It's a sin if you don't try the place.I booked via Priceline on a bid. At first I was upset because the price I paid, for just a few hundred I could have been at the French Quarter. In the end, I'm glad I came here. The hotel is in a great what looks like a business area. Staff was friendly. Rooms were clean. No complaints. As many have mentioned, it's a short walk from the mall next door, a gambling facility across and French Quarter is walking distance away. 
I would have loved if this hotel offered a spa service. I was recommended a massage place 15 minutes away but I ended up not going.It feels like a motel inspite of the price. There is no microwave in the room, nothing in the fridge (no minibar). Fitness center is not included in the rom rent. Housekeeping keep knocking on the door (additional 3 times) inspite of already having done the room - makes me suspicious about what they are up to.More closer to a 3.5 stars.  
This place is very large, and the location is decent, and if you don't mind walking, its a few blocks from both Burbon and Canal St.  It is located across the street from Harrah's Casino, one street over from the riverside, and has many tasteful restaurants within walking distance.
For all you non-driving travelers, its extremely easy to grab a cab at this place, and the wait won't be more than 2-3 minutes.  There is also a tram station right next door.  If you're driving, there is more than enough parking in the car garage next door.    
The best thing about this place is that it has just about everything you'll need.  2 restaurants inside, ATM, a small deli, accessible microwaves, great customer service, banquet rooms, a Best Buy vending machine (YUP!!!), and small baby goats.  IT HAS EVERYTHING, but the experience of New Orleans, so get your hungover self up and go outside.  
This is a pretty good place to rest your head.This is a nice hotel on the river. My room faced the river, but the Windows were dirty so I wasn't able to enjoy the view. It's a great location if you're going to the convention center, it's attached to the Riverwalk outlet mall and close to Harrah's casino. It's about a 20 minute walk to the FQ and Bourbon street.i just have a question, what is up with the lady who answers the phone when our room key wont allow us to return to the parking garage.  y'all need to fire her, or i'm gone need her to do better.  other than that i'm having a good time.They staff was helpful and extremely speedy. I attend conferences all over and this location had the package out for me in under 2 mins. Also convenient hours during the week for pick up 7-7 m-fChecked into the hotel at 11 pm had to check out 15 mins later because of roaches in the room, got another room woke up with a nose bleed because the AC in the rooms doesn't work .asked for a fan to get told when check out time is. And I have the room booked for 3 days total .By far the worst hotel I've ever been too in my life.The room was spacious and clean, no complaints. A con is the gym hours which closes exactly at 9pm, too early for my liking with working late hours - something to note, if you leave anything at the gym, the elevator to the gym's 6th floor locks so it becomes a hassle to retrieve your items. Also, can the Hilton please provide adult sized, non outer-space like trash cans in the bathrooms? Perhaps this is to encourage people not to have trash or these may be sponsored by StarTrek. I don't understand. I did however like the Starbucks on the 2nd floor and the fact that a trolley is nearby (15 feet from the entrance?) into the city ($1.50 one way or $3.00 day pass).It was Christmas and my parents 35th Wedding Anniversary celebration. The stakes were high and Hilton Riverside messed up. Their make-up set the gold standard that all companies should aspire to in customer service.
I ordered $100 in room service to surprise my parents when they checked in. Hilton mixed up the rooms and delivered the room service to the wrong room. From the moment I called, Hilton said they would make this right and boy did they.
They delivered the original $100 in room service alongside two complimentary breakfasts for my parents and they refunded my original $100. This reaffirmed my choice to go Hilton when I do travel for business. 
My parents felt spoiled and I used the $100 (and then some) I saved on room service to get my parents an extra night at the Hilton.
Thanks for saving Christmas and understanding the high stakes and delivering beyond my expectations on the second attempt.I'm a Hilton Honors Diamond, so stay at Hilton and other hotels several times a year. 
I was very disappointed with the level of service (or lack thereof) at this hotel, and would not recommend.
I tried contacting the manager, who never bothered to contact me back.I came to New Orleans for a conference and stayed at the Hilton. It was clean and comfortable with very friendly staff. The building itself was hard to navigate because it is such a big property and there weren't any posted maps. The first two days I was on site, I frequently wandered the halls until I found the place I was looking for or a staff member to ask. It connects to the Riverwalk outlet mall, which is great. The hotel is close to all of the major tourist sites in the French Quarter area. I got to see a lot of the city on foot, which was very convenient.
I am giving the hotel three stars because of the parking situation. When I finally found the driveway of the hotel, I was told that it was valet only. Upon check in, I asked about the price and they stated it was $49 for valet and $44 for self park. At that point, I figured I would pay an additional $5 for the convenience of valet, though I realized I should have done my homework about parking prices prior to booking. The desk clerk then told me that the conference I was attending at the hotel had a special price of $20 for self- park. I promptly changed my vehicle from valet to self park. When I got the room bill at the end of my stay, they had charged me $44/day for parking. I went to the front desk to remind them about the $20 conference price and the clerk indicated that because my room wasn't registered with the conference block, the rate didn't apply to me and they couldn't change the price because parking is handled by a third party vendor. Long story short, I put some effort in to saving $100 for parking, but ended up paying almost $200. I felt a bit annoyed because I feel that they should have honored the discounted price they initially shared with me.Great location. Streetcars are right outside the front doors. 
Our hotel room was HOT! It was COLD outside! I set the thermostat to 64 yet it stayed at 70 or above during our stay. I'll never stay here again. I can't stand being hot!UPDATE: Spoke w Brock at the front desk upon check out and he was awesome! Made up for the rest of the rudeness.
ORIGINAL REVIEW:
3 stars for the central location for tourists. 1 star for customer service. Food was not good so we Uber eats. Service is literally THE WORSE. Every person that knocked on our door was snarky as if we had done something wrong? (They didn't refill our coffee supplies so we asked for it.)
Television wasn't working. Constantly had freezes. We stayed here for convenience, next year for Jazzfest, it's Air BnB.I got married here this weekend! First of all, Beth Tusa and I worked together for over a year. She is absolutely amazing, kind, straightforward, and loving! I am going to miss her! The whole staff was exceptionally accommodating. They took care of all our out of town guests and treated everyone like family. 
I had an out of the box vision and Beth helped me bring it to reality. She pushed the envelope and helped me achieve the most beautiful and romantic atmosphere. I can not rave about my experience enough. I initially didn't want to a hotel wedding because it felt so conventional to me but my mother wanted the ease of doing a hotel wedding and the perks of a one stop shop. I immediately knew that in Beth's care I could fulfill my wildest fantasy of my dream wedding. This weekend was just that, absolute perfection.Hi my name is mike and i had a horrible experience with valet parking employee name Robert  at your location  first of all he had a attitude when i asked whats the price difference in valet parking and self parking so i made sure i remember his name to report him and i went up to my room to change my clothes and was on my way to the conversation center for a meeting about 20 to 30 mins after i checked in and i saw him in my car on the phone with the engine still running and im letting you guys know for your safetyThe main thing this hotel has going for it is its location. Very conveniently located near Riverwalk shopping, the convention center, and the French quarter. The service would definitely only rate one star! Not a very friendly staff! Outrageously priced as well this hotel is sorely lacking and in need of upgrades. The carpets are disgustingly dirty! The restaurants in the hotel are mediocre at best and outrageously priced.The cleaner stole all the money out of my pocket while I was at the pool. Everyone running the hotel could care less, Christian Hernandez the manager I talked to, basically told me if I wanted anything done, that I would need to call the police because they're not going to do anything about it. I hate writing these stupid yelp reviews, but I feel like this is all I got now.This hotel was okay. Our room smelled like heavy stale cigarette smoke. Our towels had mascara on them so we had to ask for more. We had to swipe the hotel key cards like 50 times before they finally worked to get in and out of the parking garage. Good location but way overpriced for what you get.One of the lesser quality Hiltons I have stayed at over the years. Old property, extremely rude employees in all aspects, way overpriced for quality of stay. The rooms are out of date with poor immenities however the bed was comfortable and our view was nice. Those are probably the only two nice things I would have to say about this place.The service is good in general, but the stuff is not trained well. The guy on a reception desk is a fancy slick ignorant moron. He have sent me twice to open my room when he did not properly coded a key. He did not apologize. Also, he forgot to give me breakfast vouchers mentioning free breakfasts. The lunch in the restaurant is very bad. The fried catfish is prepared tasteless, without any sauce and impossible to eat, because of specific catfish flavor. The breakfast is only good over there. My impression that the ignorance of Paris Hilton is upon of the HH net.Lower end Hilton, quite in need of renovations. Guest room internet access was down for 2 days. Apparently not the hotel's fault. Still, at the prices being charged when it works this should be completely avoidable. Two pools on location, the one the size of a bathtub and the other one a 10-min walk away from the main building. Not recommended.Stayed here for a basketball tournament (Super 60). Very nice hotel and rooms. Beds are comfortable and the rooms are updated and clean. Great location! Would definitely stay here on my next visit!Have you ever watched that movie "A River Runs Through It"? Me either...so you know that this next line is going to be really meaningful. I'd like to think that if there was a sequel, it would be about this hotel. It would be called, "WTF? A Set of Train Tracks Run Through It? Isn't This a Hotel?"
Kind of a long movie title, but hopefully the audience will appreciate the straightforwardness of it. You know exactly what you are getting into when you sit down to see "WTF? A Set of Train Tracks Run Through It? Isn't This a Hotel?". That's not always the case with movies these days. Like, what the hell is "Blended"? Really. What is that movie about? Does anyone know? Does Adam Sandler even know?
I came here during the first weekend of JazzFest 2014. It also was the first day of a nine day road trip that I took with four of my friends for my bachelor party.
You see, bachelor parties used to be just a single night out in your hometown. Then they evolved to be a weekend event. Then they moved to different locations. And then they expanded in length. I decided that nine days was a good length for mine. I was hoping for it to last the rest of 2014 but my wedding is in June and that didn't seem to line up well so I abandoned the idea.
Guess what, Hilton with the train tracks running through it...I crammed five guys into the room. But I told you I had only two. I snuck three guys in there! And you only charged me $875 for two nights! Who's the sucker now?!?!
Wait...crap.
Side note, aka something actually useful for you if you are planning to stay here and for some reason you are still reading this review. This is a massive hotel. You will have to account for about five minutes of walking to get to the street from your room.
That wasn't actually that useful. I'm sorry. My other reviews are better. This doesn't usually happen to me! I swear!Hot or miss. Mostly miss. Some nice standout people, but overall this venue is mismanaged. Waiting in line while understaffed and under trained people with a curt demeanor should be expected.  For this pleasure you will pay very top end prices. Hilton should be ashamed of this venue. I have been to a lot of them and this does not stand up. 
The industry can continue to treat their customers poorly and exact every penny out of them, but eventually, some chain will pull the equivalent of what virgin has done in the airline industry and turn it all on it's ear.This review is fo the breakfast buffet only.  On occasion we drag the kids across on the ferry to the hilton for the breakfast buffet.  
Its more breakfast than brunch with no real lunch entrees or selections available.  The service is usually good but not sure if its $20 pp worth of eggs, pancakes, sausages and other morning fare.  Its usually not too crowded.We're back again and they continue to go out of there way to please.  The concierge room was close for 3 days and they gave us coupons for appetizers in evening at the bar and free buffet breakfast in the morning. As folks were checking in today they had free cocktails. Great place.Rooms are just ok.  Service has been prompt and staff has been polite.  I am very disatisified with the fact that you cannot use the fittness center without being a hilton honors member.  This will be the last time I stay with a hilton property.  I would prefer an establishment that does not need a special membership to utilize basic facilities that come standard at other hotels.My husband's company put us up in this hotel for a week. We rarely stay at chain hotels but we also didn't pay for this so I can't complain.
Staff A+
Cleanliness A+
Hotel connected to Outlet Mall A+
My only complaint was that when Hilton assigned the room, they should have looked to see if we were part of one of the million of conventions staying there. We were the corner suite directed across from another suite that was hosting some kind of fresh produce seminar. Literally from 7am-8pm there were people loitering in our hallway. It seemed that everyone BUT US were attending the produce thing. My goodness it was so annoying. I did tell the front desk and they said the produce people were checking out on Sunday and they could move us but we were leaving the day after and someone would contact me. Nobody contacted me.After staying at this Hilton for many many years and enjoying the the Executive Lounge all those years, beginning July1, the new management closed the executive lounge.  I've been an Honors Diamond for last 10 years.  This was one of the best EL's in the Hilton hotels Of all the hotels I've used.   The EL was the reason I frequented the hotel for those years.   On top of that the Honors Website and Honors App continues to show the hotel had the lounge for about a month. 
I go to Nola frequently on business and will not stay at this hotel any longer.  My perception it's just a huge, expensive, run down convention hotel.    Now I have to pay $15 for breakfast.  If I want coffee and a light snack I have to pay for that rather than getting it from the EL.   This property is scratched off my list!We arrived at 3:30AM last Friday night/Saturday morning, after a brutally delayed flight.  Our three-night stay had been booked as two reservations, and the hotel was completely booked up that weekend for a convention. However, front desk agent Emily managed to simultaneously fend off (politely; they were guests, after all) two drunk suitors while working some magic to find us a room we could keep for all three nights instead of switching in between.  The room was clean, modern, with excellent blackout curtains; staff everywhere ere polite, attentive.  We will definitely stay here next time we visit - thank you Emily!I've never been so relieved that my company paid for a hotel....if I had paid to stay in this subpar and overpriced box, I'd be furious. Instead, I'm just irritated at how crappy it was. 
I was in New Orleans for a week attending a conference at this hotel. First, it's a nightmare to navigate. I won't put that all on the hotel, but yeah....nightmare. They need better signs. The place is also filthy. Like, just run down and nasty. 2 drawer pulls in my room were broken, the tv got awful reception, there was a big brown mystery stain on my shower curtain that made me gag whenever I noticed it.  It's not the quality you expect for what they charge. I've stayed in nicer Best Westerns.
On Monday, NOLA put out a boil water advisory. I checked in about 4 hours after this advisory was released, but wasn't told until many hours later, and then only because I tried to order a coffee. This was after I had showered, drank water, and brushed my teeth....so awesome.....probably picked up some ridiculous swamp bacteria.....
I called down to the concierge one night to see if they had a list of places that will deliver to the hotel (this was after I called two places on my own that said they won't deliver due to "security issues"). The lady who answered put me immediately on hold, then when I did get her and started to ask my question she cut me off with a terse "um, pizza places". Okay, lady......I'm sorry my unreasonable request pissed you off.
I ordered room service Thursday at 815. Didn't get it until 1030.....it cost me over $70 for a shitty glass of wine, 8oz of steak, canned greenbeans, and a baked potato that even Wendy's wouldn't have served. The wifi in my hotel room (that costs $12 a day) went out Thursday afternoon and still wasn't up when I checked out today. They claim to cater to business travelers....well, those people often need access to the freaking Internet.
I will never stay here and am not likely to even use a Hilton again because they were just rude, unaccomodating, overpriced, and filthy. Theres 30 hotels within a couple blocks of here. Save yourself (or your company) some money and chance at being infected from shower stains and bad water.I frequently travel to New Orleans for work and because my corporate limit for New Orleans per night is on the low side, sometimes this Hilton is the best of my options. While conveniently located (in relation to the Riverwalk, Harrahs and the French Quarter), this is not the best example of a Hilton. Some of the rooms are either very old/outdated/dusty or have no light. My personal preference is to stay in the main building as the river building has an old, creepy kind of feeling (YMMV).
The cafe on the second floor is decent. The hotel restaurant is just ok. Drago's is a tourist trap, in my opinion.
On the plus side, the hotel has a pool in-season and a large gym.This place is huge and kind of old. But the thing that really stands out is that there is a train at blares its horn at 3 in the morning right by my window. It feels almost as if the train is in my room and it completely ruined my night sleep two nights in a row.We stayed in June. It's obvious that the plus side is the location: right next to a nice outlet mall, the river view with a promenade, right next to the streetcar stop, and Harras casino across the Street. If Bourbon St is your destination, it's walkable, but bring comfy walking shoes. Many guests were attending conferences here, so the breakfast buffet requires some patience, and about $30 per person -yikes.
The building itself is dated and the decor throughout is a mixture of several updates. From other recent reviews and pictures here, it's evident that not all floors include the same accommodations. Our room was comfortable, clean, and we were serviced promptly when we requested extra pillows or towels. After a hot, long walk throughout the French quarter, our comfy bed and pillows were heaven.
A huge plus for food lovers is Dragos restaurant. Guests come for their fantastic char-broiled oysters, but just about everything in their menu is delightful. My favorite: the shrimp and grits. Not your average dishes here.I accidentally left my iPhone at the hotel. No problem! They stored it at Security and were very easy to work with to get it back. Very pleased with their honesty and professional attitudes. Thank you!
This Hilton property is as well appointed as most. Employees are friendly and efficient. Only trouble I had: the bartenders at Drago's on the first floor were fairly sullen and slow-moving.Unfortunately, my first review on Yelp won't be a good one. My experience at this hotel was personal...solely to enjoy the lovely December weather New Orleans had to offer. Although I can't complain about the cost of my stay (I landed a great deal online...December must be slow season for them), my experience went from acceptable to the point where I was like "I need to Yelp this!" The hotel is an accumulation of multiple building so it's definitely HUGE. I can see why it would be a great fit for conferences, weddings, and whatnot, but in our case, the walk to our room was so long and complex (a combination of elevators, escalators, lobbies, etc.) that it sobered us up every night! In fact, I think I even broke a sweat a few times. The rooms were adequate, nothing out of this world really. The cleaning staff forgot to clean our room one night which had never happened to us before. The hotel is connected to an outlet mall and is a stone's throw away from a casino, so there's a lot going on in this area and it's very well connected to local transportation. In my opinion, this hotel is definitely not an ideal place for relaxation and I don't intend on staying here again anytime soon.It is a HUGE hotel. Super busy, tons of people. But they have one elevator with a glass exterior so you can see the city going up and coming down from your hotel room in the sky. Only if you get lucky with that elevator though, most of the trips were in the plain jane no windows elevators though.
Room is small. Bathroom is small. The help came around 5pm to clean for the day ... um, kind of late in the day? 
The first night they had complimentary rum balls out in the lobby which were a fabulous welcome. The rum balls did not make a subsequent experience. Note to Hilton: rum balls win you friends.
The TV remote quit working. The TV channel selection was abysmal while the TV still worked. The window doesn't open, there is no patio. But a nice view from way up in the sky.
Pretty far from the cool stuff in the Quarter and even further from the Marigny, but since it is a Hilton you basically know what you are getting - a relatively safe, secure place to spend the sleeping hours. I would definitely stay here again.I was in town for a cruise. I was blown away by the beauty of this hotel. I was really discouraged after reading a lot of negative reviews about this place. But soon as my over pulled up to the hotel I was greeted by Employees . From checking into taking my bags in the room everything was a breeze. Room is clean and neat and did not have any weird smells like reviews have stated .The only weird thing I would say about this hotel that I noticed was Bath towels hanging in the shower on a rack . I love the convenience of this place they've thought of everything. Next time in I'm in New Orleans I would  say again!!I spoke with Roger, Director of Property Operations and he was very apologetic and really changed my mind about this hotel.  I would give this hotel another chance now due to Roger's outreach.Hotel: Impressive space but small shops and small rooms. Paid the upgrade to have access to the Executive Lounge. But unless you'll be spending lots of time in the hotel, it's kind of a waste of money. The rooms are just as small as the regular rooms. The view changes though because you get a room above the 20th floor. Mine overlooked the river walk, so for a first-timer to NOLA, the view offered great orientation! Nice city lights at night, especially with Harrahs just outside. The aquarium is steps away as well. Also, I'll add that you can access the river walk, it's several shops (Forever 21, Coach, PaPa Praline, Cafe du Monde, rail car, etc.) without going outside. Clean, well-lit walk through what seemed like an extension of the hotel.
Rooms: Small... like, airport hotel suite sized small. The room I had was not musky, dense, or noisy - but expect to navigate long hallways that cut and cross into the next. If you have any mobility issues, I recommend you request a room close to the elevators. It's literally a three minute walk to my room from the elevators. One of the towels in my "executive room" was torn and frayed along the side.. Why? Who would fold that vs toss it. See pic.
Staff: Helpful and stationed all over the place. Again, nice for a first-timer but also almost a necessity, to help navigate such a large hotel.
DRAGO's and lobby lounge: Eat at Drago's even if you just order the Char-grilled Oysters. If you're not into oysters or seafood for whatever reason (they're known for their seafood) they have only a few other options.
Location: Great for a first timer who doesn't mind exploring on foot. Everything is at the doorstep here. Beautiful river views.
Didn't give the fifth star well because it's just not a five star hotel. Four tops for the reasons highlighted.Stayed here for a conference at the Convention Center.  10-15 min walk to CC thru Riverwalk Outlet Mall (stop by Cafe du Monde here if you visit during summer), last few minutes are outside.  
Many rooms have great view of the river.  Bathrooms have fans (plus to me since many I visit do not).  Coffee pot, iron, blow dryer in room,  Lamp have outlets, nice touch for charging multiple electronics. 
Meeting rooms are good, very spacious. Ordered plated breakfast, overpriced for what you get, though great service.  
Drago's restaurant is a plus for grilled oysters.  Hotel bar closes early at mid-night.   
Harrahs casino right across street.  10 minute walk to Jackson Square, Original Cafe du Monde and French Market -- great food options and local crafts here.   Take a cab to Bourbon or Frenchman Streets, usually less than $10.   Hotel staff friendly but did't know much about the local area. Concierge desk is best place to purchase tour tickets.Price to me was very high, but was actually reasonable considering it was Mardi Gras week and we booked sort of late. The hotel itself is very easy to find, is huge, and the staff members were all very friendly.We did not spend much time in the hotel, only really went there to sleep and to get ready. However, the room itself was remarkably clean, more clean than many other hotel rooms I have stayed in. I did not feel "skeeved out" to walk on the carpet barefoot. The linens and sheets even felt very clean and the bed itself was super comfortable, soft, and easy to fall asleep in. My favorite part about this place is that it was right near everything and within walking distance of the parade, the shops, Bourbon street, restaurants, etc. I would recommend staying here to anyone and would definitely stay here again when traveling to NOLA. Great proximity to everything (walking distance), clean and excellent rooms, fair price.The room setup has been upgraded which is nice. The closets are way too small and the sliding doors don't quite open enough to allow comfortable access. In fact, you can't really open the safe door because the closet door blocks it. The river view is awesome! If you book on the executive floors, the have free breakfast and snacks in the evening at the sepecial lounge with view as well.I felt bad giving my (company's) money to the Hilton.  I really wish Paris would fall off a...well maybe I shouldn't say that but I don't want to support her banal existence.
With that said, it's a Hilton.  Common areas are great even though the wi-fi sucks (How the hell are you not gonna have wi-fi in meeting rooms???????) and the rooms are nice, although I need them to have a very thorough carpet cleaning soon.  same goes for the bathroom tiles.  I was a little sketched out by the dinginess.
They do use Crabtree & Evelyn toiletries though which beats regular hotel Jergens stuff anyday.  
Guess it's the little things that count.  
Now I want to see a "Simple Life" with that heifer scrubbing hotel tubs and toilets.  Then and only then will I give Hilton 5 stars.I stayed here on vacation for two nights. We got an executive level on the 27th floor for around $220 plus $30 a day parking. We were able to eat breakfast and afternoon snack on the top floor both days because we got that room level. I tried the fitness center and the jacuzzi both were good. The hotel is in a good location, you can take the trolley to the French Quarter or walk. The hotel is also directly connected to the Riverwalk Outlets. I would definitely stay here again.This Hilton is a really nice hotel in terms of location and appearance but I am totally baffled by the fact that they charge for basically all of their ammenities. I decided to go to the fitness center and they make you buy either a 2 or 4 day pass! And then we have the business center which is actually a Fedex center so to use a desktop it's 55 cents/minute!  I am currently paying $245/night and still being made to pay these charges. Not a happy camper!Location: 3/5 - The location is great if you just want to go to Harrah's Casino. However, it's on the wrong side of the casino, the west side. The French Quarter & many of the restaurants I wanted to go to are on the east side of Harrah's & Canal Street. My friends & I always walked through Harrah's to get to the other side because it was so hot outside & we wanted to walk through air conditioning.
Rooms: 4/5 - This 3.5-star hotel's rooms are what you would expect for its class, comfortable & clean rooms.
Service: 4/5
Ambience: 3/5Stayed here June 2-5 to celebrate my bachelorette party. Great hotel in walking to distance to bourbon street, street cars and Harrahs. Everything was clean and the workers were friendly.Maybe the fact that my room was $400 a night had soured me on this place, but it wasn't that great for a Hilton. ($349 + tax was the contracted rate for the convention I was attending.) 
Room was just ok. Bathroom was small with not a lot of counter space. Had a view of the MIssissippi, but really wasn't all that special. Bed sucked, I couldn't sleep the first 2 nights, thank goodness for drinks on bourbon st. and passing out, or I never would have gotten a good night's sleep! 
Had to pay to use the gym, and it really wasn't that great either. Sure it was big, and I didn't have to wait to use the equipment, but I can't believe I paid $12/day to use it. There weren't many people probably because you did have to pay.
Bar was good, had some decent food. nice atmosphere
Room service was ok, but then again, I'm never satisfied with room service wherever I am. It's not 24 hours, which is surprising, considering the city really never sleeps thanks to Bourbon St. 
It's an ok location for a convention. A bit longer walk than I expected, and you walk through an alley. Don't go it alone. Not a great location if you're looking to party on Bourbon. Took a cab and it was about $8. You can walk there, but in high heels, it's nearly impossible!
Overall, disappointed in this Hilton. Hope the next time I'm there we try the Marriott, which is directly across from the convention center and there looks to be no alley to walk through!Perfect location! Conveniently attached to the Riverside Outlets, right down the street from the mall, across the street from the casino & only a $6 ride to Bourbon St.  You're close enough enjoy the party life but far enough away that it doesn't interfere with your ability to turn down! The room was clean but had an aroma of mildew or mold. I guess it's bcz it's so humid & muggy. I don't know but I suggest you bring a room deodorizer unless you don't mind the smell of mildew. House keeping staff stayed in top of the cleanliness of the room. Starting at 8am! So if you wanna sleep later, be sure to put your do not disturb sign on the door. 
You will never have to go far for food. The hotel sits right on top of Drago's. The food here is pretty good. Could use a little salt but that's minor. Be sure to try their famous grilled oysters. I really nice gentleman at the bar let me try one of his. It was good but I wouldn't have it again. Oysters just aren't my thing. 
Overall I think you'll like this hotel.The hotel is ok but large and places are not easily accessible - too many escalators or elevators to take . Some elevators only go up one floor and if you are in section 2 or 3 it is confusing. I found the cost expensive and the cost to park a car extreme. Rooms are ok, but maid service could have been more attentive. They missed the trash can sometimes and it was usually full and on the desk due to a toddler being in the room. Pool was hard to find and a long walk for children. The Restaurant was expensive but very good. The servers were very kind to children and they messes.The hotel is close to shopping and pubic transportation. It is not too far a walk to the Quarter.If you're on a business trip stay away from this hotel. 
1. The rooms do not have closets. If you find yourself here, hopefully you have packed your finest wrinkle free sweatsuits for all your meetings. 
2. If you have a FedEx package delivered to the hotel, you must pay a "handling" fee of $10 to PICK IT UP YOURSELF. If you have a bellman deliver it, you will be charged an additional fee. 
3. High speed wifi is $14.95/day. You cannot purchase more than one day at a time, so remember when you first logged in so you're not working on any documents when you're suddenly booted from the system. 
4. The front desk staff will make an attempt to upsell you to a nicer room on the executive floor. It will cost $60 more per night. If you're going to pay over $300 a night for a room here, you are going to be very sad. Just keep walking until you get to a better hotel. 
5. Housekeeping is nonexistent. Do not hope for more towels. You will be hoping in vain.Great location and hotel. Diamond upgrade took us to the top floor with a great view of the Mississip. A bit pricy, but, your paying for location.
Our go to hotel when we visit the Quarter.Staying here for a professional conference and I have definitely stayed in better places. The room is costing $269/night. The room is ok aside from the fact that the television didn't work, alarm clock that doesn't go off, bathroom light switch that either works or sparks and doesn't work, and the room didn't get attended to until way after 1:00pm and only then because I called about it.  When I did call down to advise them off the problems they were going to be kind enough to give me the number to housekeeping and the number to engineering so i could call them both myself.  I explained that I was scheduled to go into a meeting and they made the calls.  When I got back to the room the light switch in the bathroom seemed to be fixed, the linens and housekeeping was done, TV worked but the alarm clock was a bridge too far, so I will be calling for a wake up call.Nice on the inside and right next to the convention center. But there are literally train tracks running through the middle of the hotel. Look at the pic. Every 2-3 hours a train goes through blasting their horn all the way. Impossible to sleep through that. 
I travel constantly and I have never seen train tracks running through the middle of a hotel complex. Word of warning for those looking to stay here.  
Lots of hotels in New Orleans that don't have train tracks inside them.  I recommend you stay at those hotels not this one.I will never cheat on Starwood again. Won a trip from work and it included 3 nights stay at The Hilton. The property is in a good location and the room came with a mini-fridge, which is something. 
We were unimpressed from the beginning. Our reserved room was not available at check in. We were "upgraded" to a suite with 2 queen beds. Just to be clear " upgrade" really meant "downgrade," so not stoked. The room wasn't awful, but carpets could use a good shampooing. Unfortunately our "upgrade" now held excellent views of parking deck, no longer the river. 
I went to pick up our car from valet the next day, but needed to break large bill for smaller bills for tipping. Had to stand in check in line, behind a long line of people, as front desk was the only place to do this service. It took over 30 minutes. I asked several gentlemen/managers walking by if they would mind doing so for me so I wouldn't have to wait. No one would help. They actually looked annoyed with me and were quit short. When I finally got to the front desk I asked to exchange cash and the gentlemen there said "you should have asked one of those guys to help you, you didn't have to stand in this line." While several sarcastic remarks ran through my mind I decided against and just asked for a water. Which he wouldn't give me because I am not an account holder/preferred guest here. I offered to pay. Nope, I couldn't even get a water..?!! 
I work for an incentive company where corporate group travel and meeting and event planning is a large part of our business. Because of my position I can assure you this: We will never give this location any business. I'd be ashamed and worried at the service our guests would receive. I will also strongly think twice about all Hilton properties in the future. Hilton should take a pay attention to the Starwood Group and take notes on superior customer service.The main thing this hotel has going for it is its location. Very conveniently located near Riverwalk shopping, the convention center, and the French quarter. The service would definitely only rate one star! Not a very friendly staff! Outrageously priced as well this hotel is sorely lacking and in need of upgrades. The carpets are disgustingly dirty! The restaurants in the hotel are mediocre at best and outrageously priced.