Expertly brewed coffee from Counter Culture and possibly the best Cobb Salad I've ever had. Decor is great, staff very friendly and helpful.Stopped in for some coffee to go for my family to start the day. I was greeted when I walked in and the place looked clean and neat. I ordered 4 coffees and to fresh muffins. The coffee was great. The muffins were a little too fancy for my taste. I would have preferred a basic Blueberry muffin but it was good and hot. 
We will comeback next time we stay in the area.Hivolt is an awesome coffee shop in the Garden District. The coffee is excellent. I also love the Cacao Smoothie, which includes a double shot espresso, banana, agave, raw cacao, and almond milk. It is a delicious smoothie that will also give you caffeine. Although I did not eat the food, it looked delicious. It is a coffee shop but is the size of a restaurant.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Best blue berry muffin I ever had and great breakfast sandwich.  We stopped in early in morning just exploring the area best coffee shop I've been to!  We are from St. Louis and now I want to visit again just to come here.Our temporary local! On a week stay in the Magazine St area this became our quick stop before the days wanderings began. Large variety breakfast menu, good lattes, quick service in queue. Limited seating due to busyness each time we visit. A good sign!Great iced coffee. Good selection of breakfast/brunch options. Including vegan. We really enjoyed the vibe.I love this place.  It has great coffee and good food, I especially love the decor and the unique art work on the walls.  The only thing I would change is the baguette sandwich bread, its too tough.Cool coffee shop good for getting work done/chilling. We went late afternoon (Sat) and it was pretty empty. 
I got a croissant, my friends got tea and a cookie and all was really good. They had a lot of other food - the muffins looked incredible - wish I got it. 
Definitely a good place to study or just hang out.HiVolt is he perfect place to grab a coffee or a healthy breakfast. They have so many options - lots of hot and iced tea, regular coffee and espresso drinks, specialty drinks (I love their Japanese pour-over coffee) - and for food, lots of delicious quinoa and veggie bowls. Also some great sandwiches and salads for lunch and tons of pastries. I'm always really happy with what I order (and I go about three times per week). Make sure to ask for a punch card to get a free drink!So happy we came across this gem on a morning walk through Lower Garden District... Funky ambiance, warm service, muffins that will make you cry & vegetarian quinoa, roasted veg salad with
soft-boiled eggs & herbed kefir dressing will make you wish this in your hood. Ps: their sister shop on Magazine is only desserts.My boyfriend had passed by this place a few times and we decided to finally try it on a Saturday afternoon. Crowd was okay, it was not too packed not empty. Upon walking in you get a very chill like vibe . The drink menu is posted on the wall right by the register. I believe they have an actual food menu but we weren't there for the food. I decided to get a regular iced latte and the boyfriend got a Oji iced latte . The guy at the register was super nice, he seemed happy to be there. At the register they had a couple of baked goods for sale.. GET THE CHOC CHIP COOKIE OMG! It was so soft and chewy! Highly recommend. Overall i will def be back , i wouldn't mind exploring the other options that they offer. Great customer service, highly recommend!I can't think of many places that I've been only once that I can't stop thinking about. Especially when you consider my reluctance to cross Canal Street (only because I hate driving, just pointing that out. No neighborhood snobbery from *this* lovah of all things NOLA!)
HiVolt Coffee is well worth the drive and I have no doubt it will become my lunch stop/coffee joint of choice when I'm in the LGD. Their iced coffee is on point and my salad was pretty kick-ass abundant! They have a really great menu of light breakfast (love their varieties of toast!) & lunch items as well as tempting vegan, G/F (& non vegan G/F) pastries. But seriously, that salad! Although they change according to season, the one I enjoyed had these delicious quinoa cakes that seem to be their specialty as I see they are on the breakfast menu as well. Be sure and order them. You won't regret it.
I also like the interior and table layout, as although it's not the largest cafe in town, there's ample seating (not sure yet about outlets). See you soon, HiVolt!Hi-Volt has become an anchor to the coffee scene in the LGD. Eclectic crowd; business, hipsters, tourists, locals are welcome.
Coffee and food are on the mark as staff buzzes behind the counter during the day serving up good stuff with smiles to boot!
Solid wi-fi and usually some decent tunes in the background.The service was nothing special. The service was equivalent to fast food service (not chickfila fast food more like wendy's fast food)
The cappuccino was good and I like the foam art.  The avocado toast was not good at all. I'll probably go back to try the cobb salad to give this place another chance. 
The patrons were nice.Hi Volt has a delicious breakfast sandwich! I added bacon bits and had a swamp pop. Mochas are good, but strong, if you're not normally a coffee drinker. Made fresh, everything. Muffins rock too!Reliable Internet and great coffee, the basis for getting work done! Music playing in the background provides a great accompaniment to the atmosphere.Went back for Bulletproof coffee and the Red & Green sammy. The coffee was interesting - had a bit of an oily slick to it (MCT oil) and tasted super creamy (butter). Even though this seems like a trend, people internationally have been drinking buttered coffee and tea forever, specifically in the Middle East and Pan Asian regions. I felt pretty awesome after drinking it, but maybe had to do more with the great company of 1 of my Yelper friends who joined :) The sandwich was filling and delightful, especially thought the baguette was to die for! Super crusty and rustic. I am officially hooked on HiVolt!best coffee uptown. great vegan food. cool black and white decor and friendly staff, it's my new favourite place to hang in new orleans.One of my favorite coffee places in the city, by far! In particular, I love their Cola Coffee drink but everything is solid. Their prices are great and the employees are always funny and helpful. The ambiance is conducive to working or socializing and I am super happy that they have recently opened a satellite location closer to my house (in P & Q)... Amazing job!Really awesome coffee shop - the plain drip is awesome (and only a buck for refills!) and the banana cacao espresso smoothie is worth a try. The food is really good - the brussel shoals for breakfast (baked brussel sprouts with bacon) and the Cobb salad for lunch. They also sometimes have a strawberry biscuit that haunts my dreams. Not perfect because staff can be slow at times and lines can get really long. I enjoy this place for everything from a quick pick me up to a serious study session. The ambient noise can get a little high so it's not for everyone.A fantastic third wave coffee spot in nola, with wifi and workable area.
Spitfire and Cherry Coffee are awesome too but HiVolt has food, tables, and your endless number of hipsters doing 'work'. This was our daily coffee spot. Awesome 80s and 90s music as well :D
Enjoy!Just wanted to write a quick updated review to say that they no longer do their Brussel shoals dish - but they do have a delicious greek yogurt bowl (Happy Hippy Bowl) and a bahn mi style breakfast sandwich (Good Morning Vietnam) that is pretty phenomenal - it could use more spice but comes with a very thick pork patty.Had the regular drip coffee and the chicky breakfast. Both really good. Ambiance is super relaxed and slightly hipster but not too much so. Really liked this place, will be back.HiVolt used to be good, but I don't know what happened. Their food sucks now, they use weird stale shirt bread (used to use a delicious French baguette), their meat is indistinguishable mystery meat, their coffee is now watery and stale (used to prides itself on their coffee). Bring back your old ways!This coffee shop is a lot like the tv show "The Wire"; everyone is telling me how good it is and I just don't get it.
Best coffee shop in New Orleans? Calm down, people. Let's not get carried away. First of all, I would call this place more of a cafe that serves coffee than a coffee shop. That's not a bad thing, just saying. I ordered a large iced coffee which came to a little over $4. Kind of steep compared to other places. It was okay, but not "OMGTHISISTHEBESTCOFFEEIHAVEEVERHADEVER!!!!" good.
For me, the ambiance left a little to be desired. I like small, cozy coffee places. This place had a small restaurant feel. Again, not a bad thing, just not what I expect from a coffee shop. The music was pretty loud and if I was trying to get work done, I would have had to go elsewhere.
I saw that they have a pretty extensive menu. They serve vegan tomato soup. Isn't all tomato soup vegan? Are there beef tomatoes out there that I have been missing out on? That would be AMAZING.*
They have a green smoothie, so I will probably be back to try that, but for coffee I would stick to Mojo or Reservoir Cafe.
*The emails explaining what vegan tomato soup is can stop now. This was my attempt at a joke. A bunch of you thought I was serious about beef tomatoes. I wasn't.We went here after seeing this review (very entertaining www.youtube.com/watch?v=btdbYDz04Vg). Ordered the Shock Proof, I had my doubts about the mixture of butter, coffee, and MCT oil but it was very very good.  I wish I could have visited again to try out some of the other very unusual coffee drinks (and I don't mean Starbucks type drinks).  If you like coffee than this is a must visit.I had the opportunity to visit HiVolt on a Sunday around 11am. It was a delightful place. Small interior but with ample indoor seating as well as a few outdoor options. 
Parking. The parking is street, but definitely not bad and should rather easily find close by parking.
Drinks. The menu has some very curious drinks such as a Mexican Coke with Espresso (which I need to try) among others. I went with a Green Smoothie which was definitely filling and tasty it was $5.50 which is definitely a good price for such a drink.  Also at this location is a limited menu of some goodies.
Definitely check this location out for some time to talk with friends. Limited plugs if you plan to go to this location to do a little work.Yummy coffee shop in the lower garden with a patio! Best cold brew in the city! They also have a great selection of food options that include vegan eats and treats. I highly recommend this place for lunch if you are looking for food and coffee. My boyfriend and I walk our dog here a lot then go to Coliseum Park to run around in. It's a must stop if you are a local or visitor.Stayed near here and visited twice for breakfast/coffee. Fabulous healthy and hearty veggie options.  LOVED.  Only wish we found it sooner.Yum! The breakfast goodies are so good here - quiches, muffins, pastries, and the like. They also have interesting morning drinks in addition to the regular coffees and teas. Order at the counter, sit anywhere; 3 tables for outdoor seating. Glad to see they opened a second location on the other side of Magazine. It's a weekend staple and real treat for us after a long morning run, or somewhere to get our relaxing day started.The ozzy plate with a dry cucumber soda is just awesome!
The food here is vegan and health and gluten conscious and the staff are awesome!
This place gets a little busy so it's best to try and go on an off hour. It's busy BC it's that good!
Also the gluten free raw coconut/almond bar is amazing.
The artwork and decor is hip and relaxed and clean!
Go here!See a more extensive review with more photos at:  http://www.jshphoto.net/hi-volt-coffee-new-orleans/
I have been spoiled by good coffee.  I am totally stuck up and feel no remorse.  I should not and do not settle for second rate.  The third wave coffee awakening, is one of the greatest developments of our era if you are like me and want the best.  I can usually tell if I am going to like a place as soon as I walk in by noticing only a few details.
    The menu
    The machines
    The barista
    The Smell
The Menu
Hi Volt passed with flying colors.  There were no pumpkin spiced latte clones, no small medium and large, and no bullshit about dark roast, blond roast, etc.  I like this because it keeps it simple and it means that the shop has confidence in their ability to wow you without a bunch of syrup.
The Machines
Hi Volt passes again in this category.  I forgot to note the make of their espresso machine, but it is most certainly one that requires an experienced barista to operate it.  It was a beautiful build and was not one of these set it and forget abominations that Starbucks and the like use to crank out their poison.
They also have a sophisticated, glass, slow brew contraption sitting in a display case.  It is a quality piece of craftsmanship on its own.  It was slowly brewing coffee as I observed it, and I like that.
The Barista
Once again - They passed.  The barista in the shop was really nice.  He answered all my questions about the place in a friendly way and passed my own personal barista challenge.  My challenge is not difficult and it is not an out of this world request.  My challenge is "Can you make me a cortado?"  I ask for a cortado because it is usally not on the menu, but is not difficult to make.  It is simply a shot of espresso with a little bit of steamed milk.  If the barista is worth his or her salt, gives a hoot, and knows their trade, they will make you one.  Well they made it for me and it was great.  The microfoam was warm and mixed well with the earthy espresso.
Finally The Smell
I am not a fan of dark roast.  In my opinion, it is a trick to take cheap beans and make them taste like crap and then tell you it is Euro.  I like good beans.  I like light roast and I want to know "whats up with the beans".  Not that I am a bean expert, and its not like I have a discerning palette to tell the difference between South American and African beans, but if the barista can tell me what the beans are and where they are from, I like that because it means, once again, they have confidence in their quality.
Hi Volt passes on this test once again. They use Counter Culture beans and  it smells good when you walk in.  It smells like coffee, dammit.
Conclusion
They passed all my tests the first time I walked in, but I always like to check for consistency.  So I passed by again, asked for another cortado, and BAM, another passing grade.
They seem to have fresh baked goods and when I was in today they had more coming in.
Hi Volt is my new favorite and you should definitely check them out.They serve counter culture coffee here, which is good. However, I don't know what the smell is inside, but it makes me sick to my stomach. The place seems a little antiseptic for a coffee shop, but that is purely personal taste. My husband got a chock cookie and said it was good.This place is really great but the hours are terrible! I would spend a lot more time here if they were open later. They close at 2pm on Sundays???? Sundays is prime time for sitting in a coffee shop reading and studying. But the food is good and most of the baristas are nice and make a great latte.I love that they feature local Vietnamese bakeries. They use to have Dong Phuong king cake but ever since the bakery got the James Beard award, they had to only sell in their Chef Menteur space. Hivolt now sells Hi-Do Bakery's king cake, which is also pretty good.
Wifi is off 10am-2pm on weekends. Kinda respect them more for that.
Coming from a small college town in Michigan, the prices did seem high. But I think they may be comparable for the neighborhood. The king cake was only $18, so it's cheaper than Sucre. The space has a locals vibe, while the nearby Lily's Cafe felt like it was swarming with Yelp hipsters. 
Ice tea was unsweetened and good.Um, this place has killer coffee. Just really good. And they had both soy and almond milk available for those not blessed with the ability to befriend lactose. 
I came here because they had some gluten free baked good options, so I snagged a vegan kale & sweet potato donut just because it sounded far out. It was delicious and moist and my latte was perfect. 
Lest you think they only do coffee, I ordered the Chimi Beef salad for breakfast one morning and thought it was excellent. Lots of delicious, tender meat, flavorful dressing - it would be a brunch favorite of mine, for sure, if I lived in the area. 
The one drawback to this joint is that there is NEVER any seating. I guess that's the risk of any good coffeeshop, but maybe they could shove a few more tables in there somewhere? I hope so. Oh, and also ignore the hipster, screenplay-writing crowd that tends to congregate in line and scowl in your direction, because the folks that work there are really very nice.$3.64 for a donut AND IT WAS STALE.  Nobody sells day-old donuts.  Because they're hard, and dry - and just not acceptable.  Bad, if you will.  And those places that do want to try and sell their day-old pastries mark them as such, and reduce the price.  Not HiVolt, though.  My donut was at least a day old, probably more (they didn't know - they said they just sell them until they're gone).  So not cool.  Not cool for a $1 donut from Krispy Kreme and extra not cool for a 3x-the-cost donut at a fancy pants coffee shop.
The girls at the register said they didn't have the power to give me a refund (hu?  does the owner not trust their staff or something?) so I had to leave my number for the manager to call me.  Which she did, but then she wanted me to come back to the store to pick up the cash, rather than putting it on my credit card. When I explained that I don't live there, she said she'd credit my card, but then never did.
Two stars for a cute space, and the manager being willing to refund.  Negative 10 stars for stale food, high prices, disempowered employees, rather slow service and the manager not following through.Amazing place. We will definitely come back again! The DOM sandwich was great, great coffee art(I ordered cappuccino) and huge smoothie!We stumbled upon this little jewel- incredible coffee (try the macadamia nut milk latte) and while I'm not a soup person, my husband ordered the Souper Bowl and he barely even got a bite! We came back the next day and each got our own!  I'm also a sucker for fresh pressed juice and kombucha and they had the best selection of both. We will be back!I only tried the donuts here no drinks yet but they have a lovely selection of muffins, raw slices and donuts with vegan and gluten free options. My friend and I split a salted caramel donut and a king cake donut and both were delicious- I look forward to trying some of the other baked goods here!The reason for 4 and not 5 stars is I find 8AM a little late for a coffee spot. It's a bright and clean space with quality baked goods. I have a friend who's vegan and it's nice to know they have delicious looking options for her here. It's a cozy size and seems to fill with folks intent on working and is generally a serious atmosphere. The staff has always been polite and efficient.When I'm on this end of Magazine, I always find myself here. I would say it's an A+ when it's a bit more chill, but service and ambiance do slip when it's a madhouse.I come here for the chocolate chip cookies. They are delicious.
Other than that, this is an overpriced coffee shop, with limited kitchen hours.
They don't offer Wi-Fi on the weekends until 2pm to prevent squatters.The food and coffee are good, but I don't recommend coming here to work. The internet is very slow and takes a long time to get on, and the staff are extremely rude if you ask them to address the internet issue. 
I've continued to come despite the fact that they recently raised their prices for the second time in the last 6 months, but will no longer be coming due to the internet problem and the extremely unpleasant staff.After years of brewing my own coffee at home, my neighborhood is now flooded with coffee...and it's uncomfortably crowded.  
Everyone is going to have "their" spot based on several factors, but I'll strip it down to the lowest common denominator - price.  
HiVolt is simply too expensive to compete for my coffee dollar...even if the stuff is from Japan or whatever.  Don't take my word for it.  Try it compared to their competitors, then ask yourself - "Is this $2 better?"Very friendly staff who didn't mind answering all my questions about the coffee selection and options; bonus points for carrying vegan donuts! Blessed are those who include vegan food as part of their standard offerings.We visited High Volt Coffee on the way to a tour of the Garden District. It's a great spot with lots of options of people with all kinds of dietary needs (vegetarian, gluten free, dairy free etc.)
I love a good quiche and unfortunately when we arrived, although there were plenty of quiche options, none of them were vegetarian. I opted for the veggie frittata served with kefir yogurt. This looked really cool in the display case of the items made today, kind of a mini crustless quiche. (see I was in a quiche mood...) It was okay but not amazing.
I also had a peach ginger muffin which was super dense, without a lot of peach in it, and no discernible ginger taste. In retrospect I should have gone with the "morning glory"...everything in their display case looked amazing.
My wife had the Ozzy which is two poached eggs on sautéed greens, avocado, grape tomato and quinoa, also with the kefir dressing. She loved this meal.
She also treated herself to a vegan raw brownie...a very sweet and awesome, date-sweetened and super rich. (in a delicious manner). She couldn't finish it but was happy to carry it around the rest of the day and finish it in a glorious second round.
There are plenty of vegan and gluten free choices.
Also lots of coffee choices too. You have to love when a breakfast-centric place takes its coffee seriously. I got the American Rosales Pour-over. It was surprisingly smooth and bold.
Although I would have loved a vegetarian quiche choice, I'd definitely go back, when in New Orleans, to have more coffee and sample more from their drool-inducing same day baked display cabinet.Had heard great thinks about this place, totally disappointed with my experience. I have never written a yelp review before but experienced such rudeness that I feel like I have to. 
I bought one small iced coffee, and after being given the price I decided to grab a bag of mixed fruit and nuts priced at 2 bucks, and when I asked the cashier why the price difference had gone up by 4 bucks she said it's just what it costs. 
I paid, tipped and sat down and on receiving my text message receipt I saw that I'd been charged 4 bucks. 
I took the receipt back to the cashier and she said 'i thought you wanted 2' , at this point I'm thinking that it's a genuine mix up, that's fine. She then said with a whole lot of attitude ' we are all only human', I'm still thinking ok. Then after the refund was issued and I was re charged and I re tipped the cashier said with the most attitude imaginable 'enjoy your one bag of nuts' making me feel uncomfortable even to stay in the building and drink my coffee. 
I work in the service industry and cannot fathom why anyone would ever speak to a paying customer with such attitude and rudeness, I can assure you that I am not just some bitter yelper who loves nothing more than writing scathing reviews, but the service was unacceptable. You are supposed to leave a coffee shop feeling better than you walked in, not belittled and angry.I was in town for a conference & my Air B&B recommended this neighborhood coffee shop. I desperately need this in my own neighborhood!  Great atmosphere. Indoor & outdoor seating. Delicious coffee options. Try the cola cocktail - first you'll say What? then, YES! Each day I tried something new - banana chocolate chip muffin, mushroom havarti scone, raspberry lemon muffin. Everything was delicious, but that mushroom havarti scone was the absolute best. Should I be in New Orleans again, they will see me every morning. If they ever want to come to Tampa, I know just the right location near my house!This is my daily go to coffee spot, and I just love everything about HiVolt. The cortado is my caffeine savior, and they make the best in the city. Their food never disappoints either. Always fresh and delicious, with my favorites being the cashew toast, quiche, and blueberry muffins. You can't go wrong with this place, period!!!Found this place on noloapaleo (dot) com which is an awesome website for those who are looking to find paleo food in New Orleans. Got a Shockproof coffee (like Bulletproof coffee but a different brand) and a raw brownie that was also paleo (according to the nolapaleo site) and definitely gluten free and vegan. Highly recommend this place if you are paleo / gluten free / vegan - they have you covered. Stevia to sweeten drinks too :) It was a popular place with lots of locals there even early on a Sunday morning and the service was very friendly.The music and atmosphere give an electric 1950s diner feel to it, so it was definitely a cool vibe. I tried the coffee cola cocktail made of espresso, Mexican coke, and vanilla, and I honestly thought it was terrible- not palatable at all. It only got more drinkable as the ice melted and diluted it some- this is just my personal preference, my tastes may not be refined enough to appreciate such a combination. I'd still come back and try a regular coffee or latte.This place is trying too hard. The atmosphere and decor isn't that cool and the loud music is horrible. I wouldn't mind loud music, but what they are playing isn't good. I think that's the style they are going for though. My $6 vanilla latte was barely warm and I felt like they shorted me on the size because I got it in a "for here" coffee cup instead of "to-go." It seemed smaller. Anyways, I suggest to skip this one and try somewhere elseWas walking around the Garden District with a friend and saw this coffee spot. Looked interesting and I could use a cold coffee so went in. Firstly, menu was a tad bit hard to find. Like it's literally way above your head on the wall to the right. Saw they had some of your traditional coffee beverages and some unique looking drinks. So I asked the barista/cashier guy for a recommendation on a cold coffee drink that was unique or specially known only here and before I could even finish asking, he rudely told me "the menu is right there in case you missed it". Well nah duh the menu is right there. I've been standing there staring at it for a good five minutes. Once I finished my question he then recommended the iced espresso and coca-cola with vanilla flavoring. Sounded interesting- but possibly nasty. So I get that, pay, and he nearly toss my card back on the counter instead of handing it to me. Makes my drink, drops it at the counter, doesn't say thank you. As for the drink, I really gave it a chance and almost finished it but it just tasted... weird. The strong espresso wasn't melding with the sweet Coke. Price was a little steep as well, $6.10. Probably won't go there again for that crappy service by hipster dude and the funky coffee.I like HiVolt, but they close at 3 o'clock on Sundays. This just isn't great for me.
The coffee was good. They have a large selection of food (vegan, gluten free, etc), but it's a little pricey. I like how their menu is risky though, not just blah. The workers are nice, though you occasionally get a snooty one.
This isn't a great place for studying/working, but a great place for meeting and (quietly) socializing.A menu with variety... prominently vegan friendly, but judging by taste, you'd never know. The Ozzy was so delicious I made myself finish even though I was stuffed half way through. The portions are average, but the food really fills you up. Don't order too much. They have many muffins to choose from. We got a couple of them to-go to hold us over for the day. Great got an intimate breakfast or some study time.Fully revived for the day after our visit here.Defying it's name,we found it to be an oasis of cheer and smiles from a hardworking but laid back staff.The staff was super one on one, and the food is AMAZING! The presentation of your meal along with your coffee is pure art. Indeed!Stopped by there today since it's right near my work, and of course the chalkboard menu lured me in after I'd been walking by it for a week. 
I had a banana chocolate chip muffin and a  chamomile medley tea. 
I wish I could have taken a picture of the muffin because it was gigantic! It was moist, flavorful, and I could actually see nice size chocolate and banana pieces, as opposed to just flavoring or extract. The hot tea is not prepackaged, but loose leaves, that they then bag in store as you order and steep the tea. This was the best tea I have ever had. I must go back and ask if they sell in bulk, or where they buy wholesale from. 
HiVolt is defintely a neighborhood spot for socializing or doing work. I love their GF and vegan options! There is also outdoor seating for the pups. 
There service is 'steep' for a coffee house, but I  didn't mind paying a little bit more because all of the great healthy, locally sourced options and food choices. 
Service was ok, the barista/cashier could have been more pleasant. I will try it again, just because its so convenient and the food options are appeasing, but if the service isn't better, it'll be a no go.I went to Hivolt last week with a friend to just chat and grab a coffee. She frequents Hivolt, but it was my first time there. I ordered a cappuccino; honestly didn't notice the counter being high like some others had mentioned. It was ready within a couple of minutes, and it was delicious! Beautiful, smooth, and creamy. It cost $3.50 which I felt was a really good price for the quality.  The atmosphere was nice, a lot of people studying but they weren't bothered by us talking. I would definitely go back.Been here several times, and the coffee is great, but I can't justify the price of your pourover. Especially when 1/2 the time, there's no 1/2 & 1.2 to add to it. I'm happy to see they have expanded their early hours; summer is coming and the dog needs walking and coffee and Coliseum Square are great together. 
I know you can't change the height of your counter, but it adds an off-putting Oliver Twist "Please, sir? May I have some more?" kilter to my experience that I'm already paying a pretty penny.Super hipster vibe, which is pretty typical in Somerville where I live now. I felt right at home!
If you're looking for a coffee shop with art on the walls, plenty of space to work, and delicious breakfast, this is definitely worth a stop. We decided to stop here before our walk down Magazine street and were very pleased.
The coffee was fantastic. I repeat.... the coffee was FANTASTIC. It's the type of coffee where you can taste the rich variety of flavors with every sip.
Sarah ordered the Dom, and I highly regret not doing the same. The Burrito? Burrito! was good, but the Dom's flavor was unique, cheesy, and a perfect breakfast/lunch sandwich.Highly recommend the "Toad in the Hole" it's so AMAZING. It comes w whole grain bread w an egg in the middle, sliced avocado and two fresh orange slices. Can't wait to come back!I love this place! They have great coffee and their breakfast sandwiches are amazing! I always get the good morning Vietnam- it has pork sausage, egg, cucumbers and carrots with siracha mayo! It's like a breakfast banh mi and it's so huge! Definitely worth the price!I have to give this place 1 star because their baked goods are just HORRIBLE! I have tried about 5 different kinds and they are so bad I can't take a second bite. They also label their baked items as "raw" and they clearly are not and use cheap ingredients. Their gf donuts are soooo gross and it's not because they are gluten free, they are just are nasty. The food is OK and the employees are always pissed off. I had a rude interaction with a lady who was ringing me up. She made a snarky comment because I was buying so much food. Seriously? I'll never spend my money here again.Walking in I noticed that this place is pretty awesome as far as looks and the Oji dripper is a thing of beauty indeed.  I love a great Iced Coffee and especially when it is done Kyoto style.  What threw me off was that the barista seemed to be looking down on me and I am not a short person but having them up behind a bar as opposed to being eye level with me was a little offsetting.  I got the Iced Coffee and was not impressed by it as it was a little too bitter and way too much ice.  I got an espresso as well and that was pretty tasty but I really got no reaction from the barista's working as they were a little to focused on people they already knew in the cafe.  I can say for a first visit it was good and I think as time goes on they will get better.  I kind of wish that they had more than Counter Culture beans though.When my dad picks out this coffee place to go to every day, you KNOW it is good. I absolutely love the look and feel of this place. Located in the Garden District, it has a clean and trendy feel to it. There is a high counter where the baristas make coffee and lots of seating. Not only do they make amazing Australian breakfast items but they also have great choices of organic yogurt and juices. While I didn't try the coffee, I trust my dad, the resident coffee snob, if he keeps going back to this place!The coffee at this hipster place is delicious, the ricotta toast...even better. The tables can fill up pretty quickly. Do yourself a favor and stop in. You won't regret it.The staff is friendly, the food is good. Pastries are definitely not their speciality but bowls are goodGreat spot with a variety of breakfast options and a friendly atmosphere to work from. Internet is fast and reliable and there are outlets all around.
Sandwiches, soups, coffee and sweets: all made with love. Fast services make it the perfect spot for a quick stop or a whole work day.
The only thing to consider is the noise level as it can get loud but I'd gladly come back.This place is hit or miss. 
Good coffee, some of the food menu items are outstanding, others taste like they're from the freezer aisle.
Service ranges from friendly and attentive to bored and impatient.Cute little cafe for breakfast: loved my Ozzy breakfast so good (perfect for my allergies). they have vegan and gluten free donuts as well! Burrito? Burrito had too much cheese and expect a square egg inside.The design of this place is really cool, and I love that there is lots of seating. However, I was not a huge fan of the coffee. I guess I'm just not a fan of New Orleans coffee in general, because this was the third coffee place in NOLA that I tried and was disappointed with.As others have noted, the coffee is magnificent. The truly underrated gem, however, is the variety of sodas handmade on premises. When not distracted by the exceptional looks of the bespoke soda mixologist (I believe the locals refer to this specific combination of luxurious lockes and masculinity as "Mike") one is treated with a flavor journey unrivaled by lesser drinks. The orange cream soda is deceptively clear, unlike the deep soulful eyes of soda-jerk, Mike.  The cucumber basil soda, subtle and crisp, and the lemon rosemary, flavorful and complex, reward the palette with delicately sweet and bubbly addiction. True, the coffee is of the highest quality, but these sodas are where it's at.For sure the best coffee shop in New Orleans. They are using Counter Culture coffee, which is amazing coffee. They are doing proper pour over as well as proper Japanese Iced coffee. Great place to grab a cup, a salad, and a seat to work on their splendid wifi. It's amazing to finally have a place in New Orleans with Craft Coffee and a great place to work. Also, for those that are vegan / gluten free they have treats for you as well. A must see in New Orleans. Only open a week and I have been here three times.Really great hip coffee shop. They have giant tasty muffins and a huge selection of coffee. We ordered the havarti spinach quiche and it was delicious (even came with a side salad). Will be back!I love HiVolt. It's everything I want in a coffery! 
Coming from Nashville this was a nice change of pace. (In Nashville every coffee shop- and store for that matter- looks like a blacksmith's dungeon)
It's bright and vibrant. The menu is full of healthy items, and healthy treats, too. It wasn't super crowded. Wasn't super expensive. Outdoor seating. Cool location. Great coffee. I'd come here every day if I lived around here. 
FYI The wifi password was 'pourover'.Love their Cobb salads... come here occasional and never disappointed! Customer service definitely improved from last few times and love all the organic options and vegan pastries! But nothing is better than the Cobb salad!Coffee here is fantastic, definitely one of the best in the city.  Food was good, but unspectacular, but we did order some of the more basic options.  If it weren't so far away from my house I would be getting coffee here much more regularly!Love this place! The juice, breakfast sandwhiches and baked goods are off the chain! Love the juice. Didn't have any coffee drinks, but smelled awesome. Delicious gluten free doughnuts and massive muffins.