Amazing !!! As a vegan this was the place to be. Crepes fresh and made right in front of you, with the perfect filling and tasted really good. 1 crepe was enough for lunch, and that speaks wonders of the size of each.
Taste, Location, size, and service all 5/5 !!!Business contacted us to let us know that the location they were at previously had given out wrong information to us as well as several others and indeed they are still in business.
I immediately updated my review, as I would not want anyone to assume they could no longer acquire anything from this business, but apparently it was not added or it was removed, because I received another request to update my review.
I have no further information on this company, and as such, will list as a three star which is right in the middle.
Go try it out and leave a review, as I would like to know what we missed out on!
Thanks!
NO LONGER IN BUSINESS!
Walked all the way over and it shows that they are open but closed two months ago for lack of a permit!Stumbled upon these gals and needed something filling and simple. As it turned out these ladies made a crepe that was far from simple, as it had so many flavors! Went back this am to try it again and BANG! Awesome!! Stop by and get yourself a yummy crepe!Amazing food! All the crepes looked so delicious and they are cooked fresh right in front of you. I got the Nutella and banana one and it was delicious. It's not a sit down place but they do have some tables nearby to eat at. Highly recommend this placeSo very good. I built my own with strawberries, brown sugar and Nutella. My husband got the beignet crepe. It was the perfect choice for our breakfast. Yum.Brilliant food! I love to see healthy options in touristy places and this cart is just that. The 2 girls who do it are just the part. The crepes are delicious with every detail covered. They fold it with layers of protection to avoid any spillovers , so not at all a clumsy experience! Well it's almost a wrap. It's tastes great , the pesto is yum! Will go back and try the savory. It's got a cartload of options for vegetarians and even a gluten free batter!GLUTEN FREE CREPES!! 
I was so excited to find a place that serves gluten free crepes, and they even prepare them separately from the regular crepes. I got the Amour crepe which had bananas, strawberries, and nutella and it was amazing! I highly reccomend anyone with a gluten allergy check this place out! (Or if you dont and you wabt some amazing crepes) The people were very nice and made sure everything was allergy friendly. Such a great treat in the middle of the French Market!Awesome gluten free Crêpes that did not disappoint!! Totally check them out if you're in the area.I asked the guy who worked there what is the best crepe for vegans.. This fool told me that he will not do so because I'm grown and can make my own decisions. I was more in shock than anything that this pierced Punk was saying that to me. I don't even eat crepes and just wanted the jackass's opinion. We got it anyway and trashed it without even trying it. What a waste of time and money. Won't even be giving these idiots the time of day anymore.I was happy to find both gluten free and vegan options. Any crepe can be made either gluten free, vegan or both. They have both sweet and savory crepes and my praline crepe was delicious.Oh. My. Gosh. This place is awesome! We stop by here every time we come to NOLA, and it never disappoints. They've got it all as far as crepes go; sweet dessert-type flavors and savory meal-type options. We always get "The Works" which has all the good stuff: bacon, cheese, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, and pesto. And one of the best parts is the fact you can carry them around in the little crepe holders they give. Stop in, get a crepe, and shop through all the little vendors at the market. You'll thank me later...Everyone must get a crepe! They are amazing, filling and come in such a wide variety of options. You can get them as more of a sandwich with spinach and veggies or dessert with chocolate and peanut butter. They have a separate cooking station for the vegan crepes with so many options. I had the peanut butter and banana, it was amazing.We tried the Savory "The Lower Garden" [with Mozzarella, Tomato & Spinach] first and then the 
Sweet "The amour" [Banana, Strawberry & Nutella]. Liked the latter more!
Things I liked - Offers vegetarian, Gluten Free and Vegan crepes. There are quite a few options. Also,
they cook non veg and veg separately! 
Things I didn't like - Doesn't offer plates and cutlery!  Sitting in the open, especially when it rains is not a very enjoyable experience.We had the most delicious strawberry and Nutella crêpe for dessert. 
The cart was lovely and she made it right in front of us. Fresh strawberries instead of jam which was appreciated. 
Reasonably priced $6 for one. Served hot n' fresh. 
Life changing. Reminds me of the ones in Paris.We're local and were taking a stroll thru the Quarters and stopped here... We decided to split a crepe since we would be having dinner later and didn't want to eat anything heavy... Well I wish I would have ordered my own lol It was soooo good... We had the BLT crepe and I'll definitely be back!!!You have got to try one of their crepes, gluten free available even.  Be sure to add the pest if you get a spinach crepe.Stopping here is a must if you are in the French Market! I tried the bacon and Nutella crepe and it was so good! Very filling as well, I could have split it with someone, it was so big! The guy was very nice, there are plenty of options to choose from as well. The prices are a little expensive depending on what you get, but that's the Quarter for you. I really enjoyed my crepe and I look forward to testing out a few others next time we are in that area!Stopped by for a quick bite. One savory and one sweet. Both were delicious. The prep was quite fast and the folks friendly. Good value for a yummy snack!Love Love Love The Crepe Cart!!! What a wonderful place! We went to the brick and mortar one but they still had a cute little cart inside. The two guys working were very friendly and helped us choose just what to get. I had a gluten free crepe with lemon curd and strawberry filling and a latte. Everything was so delicious! I wish we had found this place sooner during our vacation because we would have gone back every day!What a crepe !!!!! Delicious so fresh and the ingredients you can taste that they made with care and love perfect for a meal or desert I made my own but their choices are very tempting I will go back to try those.One thing I told my boyfriend was we need to come down to the French market. We had no clue what to eat and when he saw this he said that's the one. I was the next kiosk down. And he was a little kid. It took about 20min to get it but he still says it's 5 stars. He ordered the beignet crepe and she poured butter after butter and that wasn't overpowering anything, it was so delicious. He said he would order more than one person was doing it.Probably the most affordable meal option in the market!! And worth every penny and then some!! I tried the Caprese and it was fabulous. 
Very quick, wait time was probably two minutes for a fresh crepe made right in front of me!! I will probably stop back before I leave town to try a sweet crepe!Amazingly delicious - from savory to sweet, from vegan and gluten free to not.  Quick, delicious and satisfying!Five stars for crepes you say? Yes sir! This lady knows what she's doing! Tucked half way down the French Market, in a area that's dominated by a food court area, there's a crepe cart that serves both sweet and savory crepes! I tried a sweet crepe that was banana based, and while it was good it just doesn't add up to the savory ones! My favorite by far was the "Works" that included broccoli, bacon, spinach, mozzarella, tomato, and who knows what else! It's fantastic to say the least, and in part to the fabulous tasting crepe that houses all those fresh ingredients! Three of my five days in New Orleans included stopping by to get one of these crepes if that tells you anything!This place is divine... From the bacon,  peanut butter,  and banana to the savory crepes,  there's nothing like it. Heaven in a crepe!!These things are delicious. Also portable which is very convenient when walking around the French Market. I highly recommend them.These ladies are absolutely amazing as well as their food. If debating between getting a crepe or getting something else, get one of their crepes. You can just tell they're made with experience and love. For a moment I forgot I was in New Orleans and thought u was in France.No doubt about it.... This is the best gluten free crepe I've ever had. They are knowledgeable about cross contamination and take pride in their product. So delicious!!!!! I highly recommend the works and the Elvis.Excellent vegan crepes!  I love the pesto one...fresh and savory!  Good for non-vegans too.  I always bring out-of-town guests to the Crepe Cart, and everyone loves it!Very delicious and they offer all of their crepes GF and most of them can be made vegan. I ordered the mozzarella, tomato, spinach, and houseware (vegan) pesto crepe. It was lovely. The crepe had a slight sweetness to it and the portion was consistent with the price. They over a good variety of sweet & savory crepes. Service was also quick!Awesome crepes! Great selection of both savory and sweet, and the cart is really unique. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is its listed as open at 9am, but it doesn't actually open until 9:30. Please update your listing so people don't get there and have to wait!My friend recommended grabbing crepes for breakfast, but with all of the other extensive options in the French Market I was a little skeptical. But as soon as I saw someone walk away with one of the huge crepes, I was hooked!
The menu had vegan and gluten free options and divided the menu based on sweet or savory options. I was in the mood for something savory so I ordered the Broccoli, Cheddar and Pecan Pesto crepe and added bacon for an extra $1 and it was dankkkk. Super cheesy and the bacon was a definitely the way to go. 
There's plenty of seating near the cart or if your prefer to walk around and explore the rest of the French Market the crepes are served in a handy cone.I'm now addicted to peanut butter, Nutella and banana crepes!  I love the tomato, basil, mozzarella ones too!   They really do a great job-everything is fresh and I have really enjoyed every crepe I've gotten there.  So tasty!
They are mobile these days- so not at the Royal Street address- but currently at Aline/Prytania Beer Garden on Tuesday nights and post their locations on their FB page, so it has been pretty easy to track them down and get my cravings met on a regular basis.Amazinnnnggg!! Don't miss this cart in the super fun French Market! Do not miss their delicious pesto! The crepes are yummy and supper filling for a quick lunch. Great job guys!!So amazing.
I love their coconut cream with caramel. Ugh!!!!! And add in some banana? Wow!!!!!!
Savory? Go for the tomatoe/spinach/cheese/pesto. Ugh! I'm drooling thinking of it. Will try to visit again.Dett var virkelig gode greier :) Forsøkte både saltmat og søtmat. Ferske ingredienser.This place is delicious!! I got the gluten free vegan crepe with bananas, chocolate and coconut creme. My husband got similar with pecans. They were amazing!Great spot. They give crepes in a good folded way so it doesn't make a mess. Delicious crepes. Right in the market.VEGAN CREPES! My dreams have come true. You have no idea how long I have yearned for a tasty crepe, and The Crepe Cart delivers! Their vegan crepe batter is so delicious and their options are abundant. I got tomato, basil, spinach and hummus and it was perfect. I can't recommend this cart more! Go find it now!First vegan crepe place I've seen, it was great! There are plenty of toppings to choose from and they have coffee available as well, one stop breakfast! If you're navigating there using a maps app, it's helpful to know that it's a cart in the French market.Cute little vendor cart in the French Market. Ordered the strawberry with nutella crepe for my little ones. They had no complaints at all. Practically devoured it until they were full. For $6, you get a delicious snack or small lunch depending on one's appetite. A true little gem.Amazing gluten-free crepes, they are to die for! I ate there twice on my trip to New Orleans. The staff is very knowledgeable about cross-contamination. This is a must do for anyone who is gluten-free!Came to the French Market in search of food, found a mouthfull of heaven with these crepes. Our small group split ul but 5 out of 6 of us ended up with crepes when we sat down at the table. I had the Elvis, and while he is still the King, those two ladies who made them are the Queens of Crepes in my book. My wife had the garden veggie, and the others had garden veggie, peanut butter and banana, and a strawberry banana. There was not a bite left, and we were all as full as an egg. Awesome food at a very reasonable price for the area.This is about as good as it gets without going to France !  After my trip to France 10 years ago, I've been trying to find a crepe that's as good as the street crepe I got in France. Most crepe places, the dough is either too doughy or too thin.  The crepe cart is pretty darn close to the original (as far as I can remember) :)  Wish I had a second stomach for another, but I don't.   Definitely recommend !Very nice stop in French market ! Extreme vegetarian friendly. They even had a vegan batter without egg, we requested that for our vegetarian crepes. It was packed well and easy to eat even on the go. Highly recommend!We were in NOLA for 5 days at the end of January. It rained the first two days and once the sun came out, we started walking. That's when we found The Crepe Cart in the French Market. I managed to try four crepes in three days (don't judge me). 
The Crepe Cart can make any of its amazing crepes gluten-free and vegan. The owner, Kaisha, was also careful to ask about any other allergies I might have, so I felt very comfortable eating there three days in a row. 
I had the Beignet, the Amour (Nutella, banana, and strawberry), and, on the last day, the Uptown (hummus, tomato, and spinach) and the Praline (brown sugar, pecans, caramel, and cinnamon). They were all delicious, but the Praline was the best.
Watch them make your crepe--Kaisha put little Nutella hearts on mine, even though she folded it over and I would never see them. The crepes come in a cardboard triangle/fan so you can walk around to eat them. Much less messy and no plate or fork needed. 
Anyone who is celiac or who has allergies should feel comfortable eating here as they have a dedicated crepe iron for the gluten-free/vegan crepes and are well aware that allergies are serious business. This place made my trip to NOLA the kind of eating experience everyone is raving about when they visit The Big Easy--total indulgence.This cart was located in the French Market.  It was a good selection that my friend and I decided to do for our brunch meal.  I got the caprese crepe which consist of tomatoes, basil spices, and mozzarella.  It was pretty good, but the only thing I regret was not getting the bacon added onto the crepe.  The crepe itself was very delish and I recommend it if you're a crepe lover.
I was actually pretty surprised at how filling it was and that it lasted until dinner time.  I will also admit that with this brunch "sitting" I did also get a gator stick to eat with this caprese crepe...so...you may also want to get this with a gator on a stick to try out.  Haha, anyways...this cart tends to get busy, but I have to say that it's honestly worth the wait.  The next time I get a chance to come here, I want to try out the dessert!Came here on a rainy day to try some crepes. I got the strawberry, banana, and Nutella crepe. It was good. My only suggestion is that i wish they cut the fruit more uniform. I got big chunks of strawberries and some small pieces. Also the cone that the crepe is put in makes it really hard to eat it. I would rather a plate because when bring into it, the top has nothing but then everything is stuffed towards the bottom which makes it messy.These crepes are delishhhh!! I love crepes and eat them everywhere I can but unfortunately they very often disappoint.  Well THE CREPE CART is here to please our crepe loving palates!!  I came back the next day for more and if I was in NOLA again I would definitely make a couple of crepe orders to start with .  I had the tomato/spinach/cheese/bacon and then the next day I had The Works! May mouth is watering as I type this... Ok go check it out for yourself, you will not regret it.  Also they take credit and cash tip them well people!!Great taste, filling and healthy options... I love the simple butter and sugar.., but the vegan options are fantastic...I'm vegan, so THANK YOU  I had the pesto crepe, and it was super delicious. I Googled vegan options in the area, and it brought me here. I am so glad, because this was a perfect meal. I love crepesLoved the crepes! Went with my vegetarian sister and she loved the vegan options. The crepes are filling and representative of what all crepes should taste like. Will definitely visit again next time I'm in New Orleans.It is indeed inexpensive because the crepes were big. My sister and my mom only got the sweet crepes, so that's all I tried. The dough was the real star here, because she simply knew exactly how to make them promptly and deliciously. The toppings were only alright as they were a little too sweet, but the others in my party seemed to like it, so it was a good experience.I came across this place on Yelp while researching Vegan options for my friends coming to visit from back home. The reviews and all the pictures looked great.
They have a large cart set up in the French Market. We stopped by for a late lunch. They offer sweet, savory and Vegan choices for crepes. I chose the Garden Veggie Crepe and my friends got the Caprese Crepe and the Vegan Hummus Crepe. All 3 were delicious. We were very pleased. They fill the crepes up with quite a bit.
My new favorite!!You can't go wrong with gluten free , vegan food. I recommend the caprese or The World. Cooked right in front of you with fresh ingredients and served hot. Great eats to walk around the market and quarters. They are typically in the French Market during their business hours.How can I forget to review this spot. The best crepe I had ever had. This cart gets so busy, so be prepared to wait. Worth the waitSuper cute spot that serves a wide variety (sweet, savory, GF) of great crepes.  I've stopped by a few times, and the quality of the food and service has never let me down.  The gal who owns the place has always been willing to talk and offer suggestions - and never without a smile.  C'est magnifique!So so good!! I got a strawberry nutella vegan/gluten free crepe today and it was delicious. The girl who made my crepe (not sure what her name was, but I visited around 2pm!) was so sweet and quick. Would definitely come back, thank you!This was so delicious! Everything on their menu can be made vegan and/or gluten free! I had 'The Uptown' here - veganized. I also came back for 'The Amour' (veganized too) and it was yummy! Highly recommended!Yummy! Not many vegetarian places, with vegan and gluten-free options, in the French Quarter. I love "The Lower Garden" crepe, light, as big as my face, and nicely wrapped so you can eat it on the go if you want.I grabbed a crepe on the way out of the market before heading back to Texas. Out of all the foods I ate over three days, that crepe was by far my favorite. The spinach with dill sauce and some bacon thrown in...heaven!Holy moly was this place good. It's a little hard to find tucked away in the French Quarter market, but totally worth it!Wonderful crepes. Great presentation. Yummy, light and filling!  My son who is a picky 7 year old ate all of his. She specialized it for him!!Was looking for a good alternative to Cafe du Monde in the French Market, and this cart kept popping up in my searches, so I gave it a try.  OMG...this crepe was SOOOOO good!  Not only good, but huge!  I couldn't finish it!  The hard part was deciding which one I wanted...they have a nice selection of options (meaty options as well as sweet/fruit options).  They even have vegetarian and gluten free options!  (The gluten free crepes are even cooked on a dedicated stovetop, so there is no cross contamination.)
I will DEFINITELY be back the next time I'm in NOLA!Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. This food is simple but exquisitely executed. The crepe itself is french quality and the fillings so fresh and delicious. My vegetarian gluten free sister was blown away and tasting her food, it was just as good as my standard crepe. The dill chive sauce is out of control as is the pesto. Great little spotI only have one word for them AMAZING!  I was in New Orleans with a friend who is Vegan and of course it is a little difficult to find Vegan options in a city that loves its seafood.  She looked up vegan options and The Crepe Cart came up.  I had already had my Shrimp Po Boy just minutes before so I was not intending to eat anything.  She had the pesto and the hummus which she enjoyed.  I succumbed to temptation and got the Turtle Crepe which has Nutella, chocolate, caramel, pecans.  When I ordered it I thought I might share it with my friend since I was still pretty full from lunch but one bite into this thing and that plan disappeared.  This was a little piece of heaven!  I know everyone goes on and on about beignets in New Orleans but I would say the turtle crepe is worth every calorie and a better experience.  The young ladies working there were extremely nice and helpful.I haven't had too many crepes before, but I really enjoyed this place. When I say place, Holy Crepes is really more like a push cart of food or like a taco stand. They make the crepes right in front of you with your choice of a sweet or savory crepe. Kate and I shared a broccoli and cheese crepe. Yummy! It was big, cheesy, and just perfect. It's a little pricey at $9, but we were able to share one. I need to try a sweet one next time!Amazing crepes, absolutely in love. They are practically everything friendly, my friend got a vegan crepe, and she loves it. These are honestly the best crepes I've had in my life, 10/10 recommend. The staff is so nice and pleasant, making good conversation. Really recommend!!!This place was amazing! I visited over the summer from Atlanta and I will definitely be back to the French Market for more! I ordered the strawberry and cream cheese crepe as a dessert but the options are endless. The batter for the crepe is handmade and you can tell, it's very crisp and fresh. There is even a vegan batter option, there is a crepe for every taste bud literally. The wait in the line and for my order was a little long but no complaints because it was well worth it.We went here so many times in a 3 day span that I became the duchess and I live in Houston. 
Order the Garden Veggie if you're a cheese eater or The Pesto if not. The dill and vegan pesto and crepe and fresh veggies. Jesus it is AMAZING. 
Then the sweet. The Biscoff. It's cheaper so you'll also feel like what the hell, I deserve it. And then you will eat it and literally be resurrected from your drunken Bourbon St death coma and feel like life once again has meaning and purpose. 
This is science I'm providing you with and straight up facts. Yw.Seriously the best crepe I've ever had. And it was gluten free and dairy free. I had the praline (ok, no one told them caramel isn't dairy free. Shhhh). And it was AMAZING. So often gluten free crepes are like cardboard with a terrible after taste. This was NOT that. I almost went back for another one.My husband and I had lunch here today, wow, we both think these are the best crepes we've ever had. I don't eat dairy or gluten so I had the gluten free/ vegan Pesto crepe - tomatoes, spinach, basil, broccoli, and lots of pesto - the crepe comes all folded over into a pizza-slice size and shape and it was amazing. My husband had a regular crepe, the Caprese with bacon, and he said it was fabulous. If we were here tomorrow, I'd go back and eat there again. This is in the French Market where there are lots of take-out stands and counters (like a food court) so different people in your party can always go get something to eat somewhere else if they want. There was a live band playing in the pavilion not too far away which made for a nice atmosphere. Thank you, Crepe Cart!!!Gf crepes? You can bet your butter I'll be searching the city for a crepe cart boasting fresh savory and dessert crepes that can be prepared both vegan and gf. 
We found this little place nestled in The French Market. If crepes aren't the only thing in the world you need, firstly maybe we need to revisit your priorities but then be assured that there is something for everyone in The French Market. It was great to explore it while we waited patiently for our delicious crepes to materialize.
There are several different crepes to choose from with a multitude of delicious combinations. We elected to devour the chicken, goat cheese, and pesto for savory and the banana, strawberry, Nutella for the sweetest of ends. The people taking our order were super friendly and very knowledgeable about gf and celiac. They use a completely separate station and utensils for gf crepes to help decrease cross contamination for those of us with a no choice membership to the ihategluten club. It was fantastic to know they take proper precautions for those of us with an allergy.
The crepes were warm, flaky, gooey. Bursting with cheesy pesto goodness and Nutella-y bannananess... I started to see that dangerous look in my husband's eyes that if I dared take the final bite of that pesto goat cheese wrapped in flaky heaven, I might be sealing my fate to his evolution into grumpy husband. Luckily we were able to work out a compromise, that's what marriage is all about right? Sharing crepes. 
Their prices are competitive, the portion sizes and quality of ingredients most excellent. If this place was in my neighborhood I'd just go down and buy pants three sizes larger than my current just in preparation.I randomly stumbled across this place while wandering around the French quarter on a Friday evening. The owners have just recently opened up and are super lovely, not to mention the crêpes are delicious. I had the crêpes suzette upon recommendation from the owners and it was delicious. Well cooked, not too sweet, it hit the spot well for what I wanted. The crêpes come in a cardboard triangle to take away, but there are some tables to sit down at to eat, if you so choose.The Crepe cart easily has the best food in the entire French Market! Anyone visiting NOLA owes it to themselves to stop here and enjoy a delicious crepeDelicious made-to-order crepes. I has the Orleans which was stuffed (but not too much) with fresh banana and strawberries, drizzled with coconut cream, and neatly packaged in a cardboard sheath which allowed for no spills, only the dusting of powdered sugar in the wind as you'd expect in the French Quarter. Definitely a place to stop for a quick treat.Gluten. Free. Crepes. It was delicious. Kind of messy though so grab extra napkins. I tried the peanut butter, Nutella, and banana one and it was great. I haven't had crepes since I went GF 9 years ago. So glad they a accommodate because GF is hard to find in the city of beignets. Haha. The girls were super nice too. Definitely worth a try!This cart is genius. Business was booming throughout the day! They made my Strawberry and Nutella crepe in 3 minutes and it.. was.. spectacular!
Conveniently it was wrapped in a way that it can be ate while walking around!
Also you can literally mix and match every sweet and savory ingredient you want!A quick and delicious option, especially for the vegan tourist! There's hefty menu that can cater to everyone's tasteLove that there's vegan options in Louisiana! I typically get sweet crepes but I wanted to try a savory one this time and got the hummus crepe. Really good flavor with the pesto- and it had like a full cup of hummus in it. A bit much, but I appreciated the generosity. Good batter and fair price for the fresh ingredients!