Didn't live up to the hype. We tried a supreme; the olives had an odd taste, chicken strut; frozen chicken strips which cooked and left the pizza wet. 
Wouldn't try again.So excited about this much needed, locally-owned restaurant opening in the neighborhood! The pizza is AWESOME! The dough for the crust is made by Gendusa bakery down the street and fennel sausage is made in-house. The staff is super friendly and welcoming. They have a nice selection of local beer and wine on tap. Looking forward to never having to order Domino's again!I am so happy that we have another great restaurant in the Gentilly neighborhood and I am SUPER happy that it is a pizza place! I can not say enough good things about Homegrown Pizza. The owners are so nice and I love that they are trying to use local products whenever possible. Our server was awesome and kept us laughing the whole time. The pizza is out of this world. I had the Rocket Pizza and I am officially in love! The ingredients are so fresh and the crust is outstanding. They have a ton of local beers on tap and my husband loves that they have Fest Cola products. The pizza sauce is a family recipe, and it shows. Great quality and flavor. I really encourage everyone in the Gentilly/Lakeview area to support this establishment. I can't wait to go back and I really can't wait until they start delivering.Omg! That's really all I can say! I loved the pizza. I randomly decided to eat here because I hate chain pizza spots. The pizza was so good! The guy helping me was pretty helpful and left a great impression.This was a first time trying the new Homegrown pizza. The place is cute and very fresh looking with grass green walls. The staff were friendly with our take out order. We ordered a large pepperoni and and large sausage, mushroom and onion. The ingredients were good with house made fennel sausage which was tasty. We all thought the sauce was a bit heavy and rich for the pizza, which has a lighter doughy crust and modest on the cheese. The balance of ingredients was good but might benefit from a fresher, lighter tomato sauce. We will definitely go again and are happy to have this new place in the neighborhood.I have been anxiously waiting for this place to open since it's right around the corner from my house and most of the restaurants that are close are fast food. I am happy to report it did not disappoint! 
I am not generally a fan of thin crust, but this crust was light and flavorful. The tomato sauce was definitely from scratch, as well as the sausage and meatballs.  These three delicious toppings were robust without being overpowering - as if your Nana made them herself in the kitchen. 
Jimmye gave us great, friendly service, and when my pizza came out wrong not only took it off the check but also gave me the wrong pizza to take home in addition to the right one, since they would've thrown it away. You just don't get this kind of customer service anymore! 
Now, to keep it real, how does this compare to Pizza D, which has been my hands down favorite pizza place since it opened?  The pizza at Homegrown was more flavorful and definitely less greasy than Pizza D. The Caesar salad, however, was not as good as Pizza D's. I know that may be a particularly unfair comparison given that Pizza D has my all time favorite Caesar, but the dressing was unfortunately not as flavorful as Pizza D's. The portion for a large salad was generous, however. 
The prices are very reasonable and I appreciate that you can order individual pizzas as well as large because my partner and I have very differing taste in pizza. If you are a huge cheese lover you'll want to get extra cheese, but I'm used to having to order pizza that way.  
All in all, a very solid start with excellent flavor profiles. I look forward to them kicking the salad up a notch and I hope they start to carry some desserts like Pizza D does.  Our family will definitely be back as pizza is one of our favorite food groups.Really liked this spot. The pizza dough is really unique and good. I don't recommend the cheesy bread as it just wasn't much cheese but a lot of bread. But this is a good pizza spot and something different.Visited here recently with the family. Ordered the supreme pizza with meatballs & pickled peppers (instead of green).  The meatballs here taste like a real Italian grandma's- very rich with melt in your mouth savoriness.  The pickled peppers definitely have a kick(!), but consist of a mix of jalapeno and sweet varieties.  Adds some heat, but the pickling makes them not unbearable- just really tasty.  The crust is light yet very flavorful, with the added texture and sweetness of cornmeal dusted on the bottom.  Really enjoy the family-friendly atmosphere of Homegrown. The bright green painted walls, great local music, and tasty pizza all make for a fun, friendly lunch or dinner experience.This place is delicious. Really fresh ingredients and great tasting pizza. They delivered to our house which is in the oak park area near Holy Cross high school.Exceeded my expectations! Delicious pizza and sandwiches. We started with the cheesy bread. Unlike most pizza places, it was a fresh loaf of bread stuffed with mozzarella cheese topped with their homemade savory red gravy, 5 stars. I got the meatballer sandwich - fresh meatballs on fresh bread with red gravy, very good. And my friend got the summertime pizza - a veggie pizza with zucchini, squash etc. One of the best veggie pizzas I've ever had. We didn't get any pictures this time but I definitely will next time!We are so happy to have this place in our neighborhood! The rocket pizza is sooooo delicious and fresh. Looking forward to them adding gluten free options down the road. 
Will fully support this place and hope more restaurants come out here.My first visit to Homegrown Pizza I was delighted that they had 8 inch pizza on the menu. It was a perfect size for one person. The crust and sauce were great as were the toppings and it cost less than $10. I enjoyed it so much I went back the next day to try one of the specialty sandwiches. The  interior is pleasant and there is ample parking. The UNO area needs a place like this. I'll do my part toward keeping them in business as my new, go-to pizza place.Clean place. Well lit. Friendly and welcoming folks. Unique menu featuring local flavors on pizza.Pizza was pretty good and staff was good too. Had the shrimp pizza which is great. Tasted a cheese and pepperoni as well. It was good. Reasonable priced. The venue is big and had a nice environment.As a confirmed introvert and singleton, I love that they do personal-sized pizzas. I had the most delicious shrimp pizza there (pardon the bite I already took out of the shrimp in this picture). The staff were lovely and the beer menu looked extensive, though I didn't get a beer that day. The waitress was very nice and my little pizza came quickly.My first time earlier today! Delicious mirliton  app so fresh!! Love the local beer selection!! Great staff!! Rocket pizza was my favorite w be going back!!!Terrific pizza -- everything from the crust to the sauce from the ample, high quality toppings. Plus, the 8.5 inch size is an ideal single serving and makes this a really affordable meal. All of this in a bright, cheery space that has the feel of a sleek high dining establishment. I'm looking forward to returning and trying the sandwiches, too.Fantastic pizza! The toppings are clearly fresh and of high quality, and the crust is outstanding. I dont like very bready crusts and tend to prefer thin crust. This isn't exactly thin, but it's so light and airy that I found myself eating my kids scraps. 
As for recommendations, you cannot go wrong with the Spicy Mike. The honey takes what is already a good pizza to the next level. I also like the Rocket pizza. It's a more subtly delicious pie.This place is perfect! Very fresh, unique and delicious pizza. It's great for a date, hanging with friends or going out with the whole family. Try the summer time pizza, the yummy lemon flavor with the squash is perfect for summer.  Enjoyed the local beer they have on draft also! Been there many times already because it's really the best thing in North Gentilly.Delicious pizza and a great local beer selection. Glad to have Homegrown Pizza right in the neighborhood.I had their pizza for the first time tonight, my wife and I liked it a lot, also very glad another restaurant was able to take over the old Munch Factory location. We will definitely visit again and recommend this place. Service and food were great.The first time we came here I was disappointed. The pizza has great ingredients but the dough was a bit fluffy for my taste. I visited  a second time with a friend as his daughter was working there, and I really enjoyed the pizza. I felt the crust improved and had the lightness of a true New York Pizza with that bit of chew and a little crunch on the bottom. Again, the ingredients are high quality and the place is simple but cute decor: love the splash of grass green and simple, warehouse style. Ready to go for my third try!This is my second time here. After such a delicious meal the first time and great service I decided to come back. Apparently this was a mistake. The waiter couldn't have cared any less about my being there except that maybe my presence was an inconvenience for him. 
Food was good but 3 stars rating because it took 3 attempts to get a full beer. The first was only half, the second was about 3/4 full. If it wasn't $7 a glass it might be forgivable but with his attitude and high prices it wasn't. Even a complete stranger next to me complained about MY beer being served half full. 
I might come back, but if I walk in and see this waiter I'll turn around and leave.We love Homegrown Pizza! It's great to have a premium pizza option within close delivery/pickup range of out house. We especially love the Rocket pizza, and the meatball sandwich. Housemade sodas and local beer selection are also great. Owners are very friendly. The pizza's of a style I've never encountered before--thick crust, less emphasis on red sauce and gooey cheese (at least w the Rocket), yet I find myself craving it even more than more typical pizza. The ricotta is cloudy and dreamy, and against the peppery arugula and salty salami it's just divine. I appreciate Homegrown's local emphasis and innovative flavors, and hope they're around a long long time!We ordered 7 large pizzas to feed a group of volunteers at a school event.  This was my first experience with Homegrown and will not be the last.  Favorites were the Spicy Mike and the Supreme.  Their crust is incredible - just the right thickness, nice and light.  Ingredients were fresh and the special pizzas were unique.  Delivery was fast.  This will be our "go to" for pizza in the lakefront/Lakeview area.I am so excited for my neighborhood!! I ordered for the first time the other week. The staff is amazing! The pizza very fresh and the crust is a nice change up from the norm around here. I really enjoyed the sauce I can truly say no one else has anything like it in the area it was so full of flavor. My only complaint is their family size is a little sad for the price. It was about the same size as a small for most other places.Great pizza place. Loved all the ingredients. Pizza was amazing and service was outstanding.We love this place! Service is great, music is awesome. We ordered cheesy bread and oyster patty for appetizer. Both were delicious!
For pizza, me and my husband split the Rocket and Creole Shrimp. The shrimp pizza was super flavorful and had a mustardy drizzle that was really yummy.The ricotta on the Rocket was so delicious.
For dessert we had a mini pecan pie and a chocolate peanut butter porter.
Their beer selection is very unique, they even have wine on tap! 
We would definitely come back for the good food and good people!We tried summer squash pizza and it was delicious. They gave us the option to have half with chicken and half vegetarian which is so nice when you are sharing with another person who have a different diet. We will be back !It's been awhile since my last review. I know that. You may not know that because it's been long enough that my Yelp reviews are likely mostly forgotten at this point, but I really want this place to succeed so I'm making a point of writing the following words...
GET YOUR GODDAMN PIZZA-LOVING ASS HERE IMMEDIATELY.
Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200 in unadjusted for inflation since the birth of Monopoly pink play money. If you don't come here and eat this goddamn pizza so that this kickass place becomes a new local favorite that survives any and all future hurricanes and floods and others acts of a pizza-hating God, I will never forgive you even though I likely have no idea who you are.
We already lost Sugar Park. How the hell did that even happen? Was that your fault too? Stop murdering my favorite pizza places! What kind of sick son of a bitch would go around killing pizza places? What's wrong with you? Is hunting humans just not "the most dangerous game" enough for you anymore, and now you have to hunt corn-meal dusted thin crusts? What kind of perversions are you into that a delicious marinara is the red sauce you must now spill as the blood of your enemy?
Look, I get it, Gentilly may be a bit further of a drive. So what? It's still New Orleans and Splinter as my witness, you need this pizza in your life as temporarily part of your face.
What? You want to wear warm pizza like a skin mask? Okay. Whatevs. I don't really care what you do with the pizza once you buy it, you sick craven monster. Give it a high-pitched voice. Make it dance for you. I don't care. Just don't let this pizza place die. It needs to live! It needs to rage, rage, against the dying of the light!
No more shall this city suffer the loss of great pizza. I am drawing a line in the cheese. This far and no further! This pizza shall not pass on!
Seriously. Get your ass here. Order the combo.I am not a pizza girl, but we ate at Home Grown last night and the pizza was yummy.  The crust was light and crispy and the sauce has a flavor in it I couldn't identify, but it is delicious.  Yes.  I would eat pizza there again.  Had the Harold sandwich, which was quite good.  Only complaint is that it needed more cheese.   The bread was fresh and good.  Had the appetizer with mirliton and shrimp.  I could have eaten it with rice.  Our waiter, Alex, was great!  I'd like to try the pasta one day.  If you want a mainstream beer, you are out of luck.  All of the beers are Louisiana beers.   The Chianti was pleasant.  Try it!  You'll like  it!
And we went back for lunch today!
Started with Goldie's Tomato Sauce Spread.  So good.  Then I had the Leenie Linguine.  Red gravy, sausage, spices, meatballs.  I liked it a lot.  Not wild about the meatballs, but they weren't bad.  I promise.  My friend had the  chicken sandwich.  Thigh meat, creole sauce, spinach.  Very good.
You must go here soon!Eh. That's all it is. It's nothing amazing like the recommendations on Nextdoor. The first time we had two pizzas and a pasta delivered and it was roughly $70. The pasta was burnt and went in the trash. Pizza was so/so. We decided to give it another try and ate in the restaurant on New Year's Eve. I was surprised we were the only diners but the food was much better. The pizza was average pizza but again, overpriced. Doubt we will eat here again unless we are in a pinch and need something quick and close by.This place is great! Good food, fast service, and friendly staff. My only qualm, is that they do not offer chicken wings. What kind of pizza joint does not offer chicken wings?! If they offered this, I would be back more often. But I did try some other appetizers, which were quite tasty!Delicious pizza! The service was excellent, the ingredients were fresh. The menu has some good choices. The Caesar salad was fantastic- their dressing is delicious! We will return.Great pizza and close to my house -- that's a winning combination. They so have a good selection of beers and wine in tap. I highly recommend the Spicy Mike pizza. It's just the right combination of spicy and sweet.Some of the best pizza I've had in a long time. Also look out for some really great beer options you won't find in many places near by!Ordered online for pickup and was pleasantly surprised! Was in town on vacation and my daughter claims that the Mac and cheese was her favorite food during the entire trip. The pizza was amazing, makes me sad to know that I'm 600 miles away and can't order weekly! We will be back next time we're in New Orleans though!!Fantastic pizza!  Crust and ingredients were freshly made. Create your own pizza at the table for the little one. Excellent craft beer selection. Attentive, awesome server.I ordered the rocket. Ingredients were fresh. The crust was very good and chewy but the pizza was totally bland! Needed salt or more cheese. Did not taste garlic oil at all. Has potential. Unsure if I will try again.We were completely delighted with our food, the quality of the ingredients was super, the staff very friendly. The pizza flavors I would describe using words like ... bright, lively, happy ... very fresh and nicely prepared! ThanksThe food is amazing.
Always kind and friendly service
And the restaurant is so clean. 
Great pizzas and the meatballs are amazing.This is my favorite pizza place by far, the Rocket Pizza is delicious and the flavor is always consistent, my son orders the Spicy Mike and there's never a slice left. Oh, did I mention Pinot Noir and local beers on tap?!? Very happy to see this local place open around the corner!
Our server is typically the same friendly young lady that remembers us each time :-)
Overall great food, prices & atmosphere.Awesome pizza and great service.  Our server was very nice, funny and attentive.  The pizza sauce had great flavor, and the crust was nice and thin, very light, and also had great flavor.  I love patronizing local, family owned businesses, and I will definitely be back.  The only suggestion that I would make, that would have made it better, is if the owner, who was there, went around to the tables, introduced himself and asked how things were.  I like meeting owners, it makes it more personal and definitely makes me want to go back.I'm not into pizza but I love the sandwiches that I've purchased here.  They are not prepared on over-large poboy loaves.  I leave feeling both satisfied and feeling that I've remained with a reasonable caloric limit.  The salads are fresh and tasty.  The staff is attentive and friendly.Truly enjoyed the pizza.  The crust is amazing, not to heavy.  This pizza also has Ricotta Cheese which I love. I added the House pickled peppers which were a great add.  One thing Home Grown Pizza offers is a personal size which is great, to eat alone or would like to try different pizzas.
The service was on point. 
I'll be back to try some of the  mouth watering menu choices.Oh how I wish this were here when I went to the University of New Orleans, literally right across the street. Both of the owners are graduates from the University of New Orleans and grew up in the area, which is awesome! The first time I went was on a Saturday afternoon, the second for lunch on a weekday. This is in an area that really needs a good restaurant as it is really lacking.
This location has been several restaurants, and has changed hands several times since I have lived here. I really hope that this place sticks.  I like how open they have made the interior. There is plenty of parking, you can walk in either one of the two entrances. You are promptly greeted and told to seat yourself.
The crust on the pizza was light and fluffy, and is a thin crust. Everything seems so fresh. The summer squash pizza seems a bit on the wet side, but was just so delicious, I am having dreams about it. The arugula pizza was just delicious as well. The pepperoni pizza was real good. They do have plenty of beer options. They do not have any fountain sodas, but in bottles.
Make the drive out here, you will not regret it at all! Do not be deterred by the fact that it is out in Gentilly.We found this pizza place because of the location to our RV park we are staying at as we're from MI.  Very delicious find.  Ordered 2 nights in a tow.  The creole shrimp pizza is a must.I love this place. Lots of local beer and the pizza is awesome. The appetizers are also really good. Great serviceGreat stop for pizza if you're craving something other than creole flavors while in New Orleans. Mike, the owner of the restaurant, was there when we got there and he's so nice. He gave us a great rundown of the menu, the history of the restaurant, and info about the area. 
They have a large array of unique beverages to try, and the specialty pizzas are soooo good. Definitely try the Spicy Mike - the honey is what puts this pizza in a league of its own. We also tried the Mimis Shrimp and Mirliton Spread, Eggplant Spread, Chicken Strut and Creole Shrimp Pizzas. Creole Shrimp Pizza is good if still want the New Orleans flavor, but in a way other than southern comfort food. Chicken Strut is great, but my overall favorite pizza was the Spicy Mike. I could live without the spreads, but if you want to try one go with Mimi's.why is your waitress asking me if I need something every 2 seconds. I need space boo, go play on your phone. oh and the food definitely tastes like I could've made it at home. sooo I guess it's on theme.Fabulous find. We are visiting from the Houston area and stumbled on this place and would say it would be difficult to find a better pizza in this city. And the desserts are amazing.We got the rocket and supreme. Supreme was good, but loved loved loved the rocket!! Even my husband who is not the same veggie fan I am... couldn't get over how great it was. This was a takeout order but Can't wait to get a chance to do dine in because beer selection and local soda look pretty greatThe entire place smelled like a filthy bathroom. I spent six dollars on a "cheesy bread" that was one bread stick with one tiny strip of cheese in it. Horrible. I wish they would finally open something good in this location.Eat local!  Excellent pizza. I got the spicy mike, and the touch of honey. MWUAH! Yum. Lovely customer service. Fast!  What else could ya want?I really want to love this place. A local restaurant in my neighborhood! It's cute and friendly inside, but there just aren't good options for me. If you are dairy free and/or gluten free you can have a plain salad for $10.50 and that's about it. My daughter and husband's pizzas were only $6 and they both loved them. My husband also had the olive salad bread and he said it was amazing. I got the pep salad which was lettuce, pepperonis, pickled peppers and onions. Lots of onions that were very large. Didn't think to snap a before pic but you can see how many are left after I've already eaten quite a bit. It comes with Caesar dressing which I can't have and the only other menu option was strawberry vinegarette. They did have oil and vinegar which was fine, but not exciting. There are a lot of local beer options and soda options too. 
When we walked in there was an odor to the place that reminded me of a bathroom and this put me in a sour mood from the start. I was really hoping for a place we could frequent as a family in the neighborhood but with their current menu this won't be a place for me.First off... the customer service was EXCELLENT. I would give them 10 stars for how genuinely friendly attentive the man working last night (5/18/19) was to our table.  
Now the food: 
* Supreme Pizza was delicious. (Great sauce) 
* The Shrimp Creole was unique but in a really good way. Don't think of it as pizza though that may throw you off a bit. It has creole mustard on it so it has more of a sandwich/flat Bread vibe. 
* Summer Squash Pizza. Not our favorite but IF you like stuff like that we could still tell it's a solid choice... just not for us. 
*Linguine was YUM! The sauce was the delicious. Like really really really good sauce. I got a small side to eat with the pizza and was very pleased AND it was under $4. 
I hope they stay in business a long time because this will be a MUST for us next time we are in New Orleans. Take a break from the French Quarter and check this place out asap and tell all your friends to do the same!The pizza I had was alright. Better than a chain pie for sure. But I wouldn't seek out this pie. It's a good lunch option near UNO. The draft beer is a little expensive for NOLA. Jucifer is $8 a glass and Parish Ghost is $10. Service was good from some, ok from others. The overall feel was welcoming and comfortable. I appreciate this joint being in this neighborhood. Just watch what you order or you'll ring up a hefty tab.Y'all. I'm a Chicago girl who did undergrad in New York. All I've got to say is: HOMEGROWNPIZZA. Periodt. You know how you know it's the real deal? They call it red gravy on the menu (not just in the kitchen). I have found my pizza place. #tasteofhomeI decided to give this place another shot. It's so close to our house. They have a gluten free crust now which was delicious. I enjoyed my pizza and I'm happy they have options for me now. I still find there to be a weird cleaner type smell when you walk in. I'm not sure what it is exactly. The decor is great and they have fun fizzy drinks and a great bar selection. I'm sure we will be back again soon.Tasty pizza and great service. The atmosphere is bright and fun. Bathrooms are nice and clean. Tables are spaced far apart. Fun and filling  experience.We celebrated my birthday at Homegrown Pizza and had wonderful service.   Michael Hansel, owner designed a special salad to meet my husband's dietary needs.    I love the summertime pizza on the gluten-free crust.I don't often give out a 5 review, but we had the best experience here that it's warranted. Just moved into the area and moving to a new state/area always brings about the issue of finding your new go-to place for pizza   This will be our new go to place. 
Good beer selection and the owner came over to talk to us about all the types they had and what was coming soon. He was super knowledgeable and friendly.  We got 2 different kinds of pizza - Spicy Mike and a classic pepperoni. I loved the combo of spicy with the honey on the spicy Mike. The crust was really good on both and we were super glad we had leftovers. 
Definitely will be back to support this local, family owned business.This place is a little gem kinda tucked away.  It's down from the UNO campus.  I work down the street and have picked up lunch a couple times.  Their staff are so nice and helpful!  Some great things on the menu include their cheesy bread which has olives on it -- for some reason that just adds a little extra.  It's quite tasty.  Their eggplant spread has great flavor (and I'm not a huge eggplant fan).  As for pizza...I always get the same thing-the spicy mike without the meat and add pickled peppers.  The crust is to die for, it's similar to what you get in New York as far as texture-it's got the crispy chewy thing going on.  On the spicy mike, they drizzle honey on the crust which goes nicely with the spicy.  It's a great little unassuming place with some great menu choices!Homegrown Pizza. Just had a pizza delivered by Homegrown Pizza on Elysian Fields for the 1st time.  Extremely disappointed in the experience.  We ordered the large Supreme and there were hardly any toppings on it. It arrived cold too.  Was not worth the calories or the money.  I'll stick with Reginelli's.This pizza place out by UNO and the Lakefront is a welcome addition to the dining scene in this part of town.  A pizza place that focuses on local ingredients and featuring all things local- they are definitely on to something!  
Bright green walls adorn the updated space and the friendly staff is always eager to please.  We have tried a number of pizzas and each was good.  The pizza sauce is a light marinara that has a slightly sweet taste.  
We have tried the eggplant spread - it was ok.  The tiny roasts really were tiny - but it is exactly what they said it was.  Maybe a few more roasts for the portion of the spread (a good problem to have).
The cheesy bread sounds delicious when we read it on the menu- but we felt it was actually lacking cheese and a bit dry.  It needed something else as it was super plain.  Maybe that's just us.
The salads are good and they feature a wide variety.  They also have a nice selection of sandwiches on the menu, none of which we have tried.  Those are next on our list.
Their music selection is always on point.  It is a constant strong if excellent local music that covers a wide range.  They pride themselves on the local beverage selection - and they do deliver in that regard - nice local beer selection - they featured local sodas only (do not look for a Coke product here) and they do have a few wines (none of which are local). 
This is an honestly place serving honest food and they also have a limited delivery area (which is AWESOME).  We will support this place as they continue to grow and refine things.  Stop by and check it out for yourselfAmazing place. One of a kind in this area -  there's nowhere else i would really chill for so long in this area but they have amazingly healthy food and a lot of beer and wine options to which the owner can speak to. There's wifi and outlets and beer tastings a lot. The pizza is healthy and there are several options. I was there for 3+ hours enjoying artisan pizza and Chianti. Highly recommend.Been wanting to try this place since moving to Gentilly a few years ago. My real estate agent gave me a digital gift certificate but I lost it on a phone I dropped in the tub. The owners were so sweet and looked up the info and gave me the gift certificate number - 20 months later! Anyway, I didn't wind up using the gift certificate last night BUT the pizza and salad were outstanding. Honestly, I can't pick a favorite. We ordered four bayou self pizzas and a salad, and even though I still have leftovers, I can't wait to order again. Seriously delish.So I am the proud first reviewer of the new Homegrown Pizza restaurant in Gentilly, which was most recently the home of the much beloved Munch Factory. Tonight was part of their soft opening, so our expectations were tempered.
Homegrown is about everything local: locally sourced ingredients, breads (Gendusa's) and drinks (Big Shot, Fest Cola). So, don't expect to find national brands like Coke and Pepsi. I only thought to take a picture of the mirliton spread, but we had a pepperoni pizza, cheese pizza and cheesy bread. The pizzas were good and we enjoyed the sauce. They were hot and...well, cheesy. The mirliton spread didn't work for us. The portion size was small with only two shrimp and then it had too much lemon. The owner politely comped that appetizer. 
Our waiter Jimmye provided great service. He was very friendly, fast and knowledgeable about the menu. He recommended the Chicken Strut and Rocket pizzas, but our kids only like two kinds of pizza, cheese and pepperoni. So we'll have to try the others next time like on date night. 
The restaurant was clean and quiet, but for some reason didn't smell like pizza. 
The owner told us about the Big Class program, which is a pizza poetry project. The restaurant is donating 10% of the April sales to the program. We loving supporting local and we will definitely be back.