This place does not serve chow fun, even though their menu online lists it! Very few places make chow fun anymore so I was disappointed. I settled for Mai fun instead but it was bland. I would have drowned it in sriracha or soy sauce if I had any. I think this place could be really good, but I did not order the right thing. Serving size was good for the money.Best Chinese takeout in the New Orleans Area! I could eat here for every meal and it is a very cheap and affordable lunch.Quick service for take out and good (fairly typical) Chinese food. I'm boring and always get the sesame chicken with fried rice and egg roll. On par (if not a little bit better) than most places I've had it as well. Definitely does the trick when you need to get your Chinese take out fix in!Authentic, very tasty cuisine! There are at least four tables inside if you want to sit and enjoy your meal. Most people order take-out, so there is always place to sit. The prices are perfect for the large portions, and higher quality than you'd expect from a mainly take-out location. Order anything and you will be pleased. Not sure what to order? They are happy to guide you to a choice that fits something you are craving. Most places find it annoying if you ask what they recommend, but here, they don't hestitate and they are truly honest. We eat here all the time, and have never been disappointed.Really good, quick Chinese carry-out for a nice price. Usually order dinner for three for under $20 with some left over for lunch. Plus, it's tucked behind the Shell station on Dickory so it makes you feel like you're in the know every time you drive up.Some of the best Chinese food around.....fast, friendly, fresh and tasty. Our go to at least once a month. The Lo Mein is a must.Good fast food Chinese!! I got the beef with mixed vegetables combination plate. The egg roll was pretty good, but not the best I've had.My 'go to' spot for Chinese food. Chicken lo mein and the broccoli beef combination plates are delicious and come with the egg roll and can't beat the prices and quickness and always hot. Never get tired of this place.Best Chinese food in town. I was super sad when we moved and didn't have quick access to this place.  They have the best tasting, fast Chinese take out EVER. I love their hot and sour soup the most...NO ONE makes one even close to theirs in town...and trust me I've tried them all.  Still go out of my way to pick up as often as I can.  And their service is excellent always!This place has no business being this good.  Strip mall Chinese food behind a gas station with very limited seating.  Saw the reviews here and decided to chance it.  Got some hot & spicy shrimp.  The portion was huge - but more impressive for me was that the shrimp themselves were large - not the tiny ones you get at a lot of cheaper chinese places delivery/takeout joints.  Sauce was flavorful and the price was right.It's so quick and easy and the food is really good! I love the location too, on the way to shopping in elmwood! They're always open... I think I got it once on Christmas Eve!Great take place for Chinese. Very reasonable price and friendly people.This is about as good as it gets, and just about all there is in the Elmwood/Harahan area. Friendly staff, never had an issie with any orders.After working late, we were in need of some good takeout, with a craving for chinese! Many local restaurants that once were good are blah, or closed since hurricane Katrina. After finding HKK on Yelp, we decided to give it a shot...big bag of yummy food, best dumplings ever, free calendar for new customer!  We can't wait to try more entrees, it's on speed dial now.Love Hong Kong Kitchen, I ate here a lot when I lived in River Ridge, and now that I've moved, I still gladly drive the 20+ minutes to get food here. They've always been so friendly, and the best part is they remember us (even where we work). Once, my husband went to pick food up while I stayed home, and she asked where I was. :) 
The Mandarin chicken, honey chicken, and crab lo mein are my favorite. I used to go elsewhere for crab lo mein, since I thought it was the only place to get it, but even though it's not on the menu, they make it for me. 
I love this place, and I will always eat here.This place is located in a strip mall on Dickory, kinda by Zea and Shimmy Shack.There are 3 tables to dine in and parking is kinda limited. 
The restaurant offers typical Americanized Chinese food with combos, a la carte options, etc.  The prices are really reasonable for the amount of food you get. The workers were nice and the food was prepared quickly as well. 
I've been searching for a good Sesame Chicken in the Nola/Metairie area. I think this has been the best so far - It was good, but not the best that I've had. The sauce was not too sweet and the meat to flour ratio was decent. 
(The rice really tastes the same as many other Chinese takeout places - Nothing spectacular).
Overall, we would probably get takeout from here again.Authentic Chinese cuisine near New Orleans airport.     The congee with thousand year old egg was the best I had in a long time.  The sautéed snow pea leaves were perfectly cooked and very garlicky.Very fast take out! Great for a quick after work Chinese fix! Everything I've tried has been good. Be careful the portions are huge.I know, I know! It's a take-out restaurant and it doesn't seem authentic. However, I was in the area and my coworkers highly recommended it so I thought to give it a try since I was also craving for noodles.
I called and the lady was so nice. She figured out that it was my first time going there so she gave me all kinds of directions to get there.  When I was finally there, she was sooo nice! 
I ordered the combination Mai Fun (stir fried thin rice noodles). The to go container was still hot when I went back to my office. The noodles were so moist and the flavor was just right.
I will definitely go back there next time I am in the area again !!Oh my God I'm relocating and will sooo miss this hidden gem!  They cook everything fresh when ordered, and if you have a special request, they don't hesitate to do it. I've never had a wrong order or not gotten what I asked for. 
My top choice is the Singapore noodles, along with either fried wontons (better than chips for sure, so I'll get an order for a snack) & crab Rangoon. I love that it's all fresh to order and not buffet. The Kung Pao with anything is great too. Big portions too. 
If you're craving Chinese food made easy with quick service, I recommend checking them out.I love this place for quick take out. I've been going here for 10 years. 
My favorite things are the fried dumplings, the dragon and phoenix, and the chicken lo mein. The chicken in spicy garlic sauce is also really good. 
If you like things a little on the spicier side, order it extra spicy. They will certainly accommodate but not to the point your mouth is on fire. 
They are always really quick to make your order, and the price is amazing for the portion size. I can easily eat on an order for 2 meals. 
Best little Chinese joint in the city.My favorite Chinese take-out place in the city. Pretty fast service and the food is your typical Chinese take-out, but maybe a little fresher than other places. I used to eat here a few times a month, but haven't gone in awhile. That's not their fault though. I'll be back soon.Very good Chinese food and the prices are very reasonable unlike a lot of places in this area who seem to think they're food is worth its weight in gold. Lol. I highly recommend this place!Nice service and good food. For Chinese just being in the states very recently, this restaurant is much better than the other ones, except China Rose. But considering the price and distance, this restaurant is still a good choice.It's a good go-to for to-go food.  A few tables, a counter, quick service, and friendly staff.Chinese food worth driving 25 minutes for in New Orleans? You betcha. Once we found this place, no other place would do.
They have a great staff. The food is always on point.  They're super quick.
We never really eat in but we would if it made sense.I'm new in town so I came here because of the reviews . I knew I was going to get the pork fried rice .I didn't really look at the other stuff on the menu .I got a shrimp egg roll . That was pretty average.It tastes like a spring roll ,with maybe three baby shrimp in it.The  pork fried rice is kind of  average also ,not bad not Excellent. I guess I'd come here again, but I would try a few other places out first.Polite staff, reasonably priced with large portions. The food itself is good and meets your Chinese food needs.Great Chinese style fast food.  Very big portions and low prices.  The inside is a bit depressing, but as far as Chinese take-out this place takes the cake.  Every order is cooked fresh.  I'm not saying this is the best Chinese I've ever had, but it's definitely the best shrimp and broccoli I've ever had take-out or not.  
My husband, who usually eats 2-3 portions of everything, can share a large shrimp and broccoli with me.  And, usually we still have some left over.  Their sweet an sour pork is fried light and crispy, as are the egg rolls.  I'm a suck for the wanton soup and the shrimp or pork fried rice.  They only sell soft drinks by the can or 20 ounce.  
Good, fast food.  Friendly service.  Open on Christmas eve!  Not to mention one of the first places to re-open post Katrina(take-out is a must when you have no fridge).  Nothing bad to say about this place.  I will continue to frequent this establishment!I love the double delight szechuan style!Great food, best value in the area. It's primarily take out, only 3 tables, and very plain interior. Fast and dependable and I always have leftovers. 
Update: they're still great, years later. They may tend towards too spicy for some of the spicy items on the menu. The Lo mein is great and garlicy, I really enjoy the diet chicken with mixed vegetables with garlic sauce, and most of the food is as good as any sit-down chinese food in town. Nice people, they get to know their regularsI love this place when I want some inexpensive, fast, and filling food. Service is not only timely but friendly and language barriers are never an issue. I love that they offer healthier steamed options; it's so nice to have lighter choices available, as more often than not, Chinese food is laden with oils, sauces, or deep fried. Always fresh and hot, too-- I never worry about getting food poisoning like that one time at the Chinese buffet in college. *shudders*The good is that the service is both fast and polite. They remember repeat visitors, it's clean, serves large portions, and dishes are priced well. They accommodate special requests which is great. However, the food seems very bland to me. I got shrimp with lobster sauce and it didn't taste like anything.  It's good, as it means the food isn't high in sodium, but everything there tastes the same to me.  
My favorite, especially in the winter, was the house special soup which they would customize for me. However it was very bland though it was hot and filling.  Their hot and sour soup was over thickened so it was goopy, and again had no flavor of either hot or sour.Can't go wrong with this take out Chinese place.  Food is ready in 10 min, the prices are around 7 bucks for a combo.  Also, you can substitute your egg roll for a soup, and if you like your food spicy like I do, they can add some heat to your dish.  I can eat a lot and I usually can't eat a whole combo meal in one sitting.The food wasn't bad, especially for the price, but egg fried rice is a staple in my chinese take-out diet and theirs was a bit bland for my liking.This is our go-to Chinese food restaurant. They are fast, courteous, friendly and their food always tastes fantastic. I wish they had delivery, however with food this good I don't mind the quick drive. Definitely check this place out, you will not be disappointed!Hong Kong Kitchen has become our favorite spot for Chinese food. All of their dishes are full of flavor and their prices are easy on the budget. Even when we switched to a plant-based diet, they still have several great vegetable options. Check them out, you'll definitely enjoy.Sometimes Yelp confounds me.  There are reviews of this restaurant that give it 5 and 4 stars and call it "best Chinese takeout in New Orleans".  This is an OK Chinese takeout spot but definitely not amazing or "the best" of anything.
I have picked up from this restaurant many times over the years and it is exactly what you expect: a large menu, cheap prices and huge portions.
Their Singapore Noodles (mai fun) are pretty good and I like their dumplings.  The dumplings are not the usual thinly wrapped and ground pork filled like you will find at most Americanized Chinese restaurants but the really think ones filled with a great sauced meat filling.
If you stick to basics you are better off.  There are two or three tiny tables inside but this is primarily a 100% to-go spot.
Definitely choose this place over the other two Chinese restaurants in Harahan.  China Palace (directly behind Hong Kong Kitchen) and Chun Lee (Elmwood) are absolutely awful.The staff is very friendly and the food is outstanding for a small strip mall Chinese food spot.As far as Chinese food goes, this is the best. Super cheap, lots of food and always delicious!I've been back a few times since my first review.  Still 3 stars.  One thing I will say is that this place is inexpensive...
The other day I got an egg drop soup, wonton soup, pork fried rice and shimp lomein and it all came to just over $12.  Pretty good deal.  Their wonton soup is better than their egg drop.  The egg drop is as thick as gelatin.  The wonton soup has an artificial yellow glow but their wontons are hand made and pretty good.  I've seen a review on here recommending their lomein but I think it is one of their worst dishes.  It went straight into the trash.
I had the moo goo gai pan today and it is pretty decent.  The white meat chicken is perfectly cooked and the sauce is not bad (a little on salty side).
The lady who works the pickup window isn't too friendly but I guess that doesn't matter at a takeout restaurant.
Stick to the basics here and for the price you won't be disappointed.Fast, consistent, and generous quantities. 
Pretty standard offerings for a Chinese take-out place. But the staff is friendly and efficient.A week of fried chicken, Jambalaya, Creole, oysters would make me miss my basic food. I came here eight before I return my car.  Very convenient location that's 4 miles from the rental car center.   The same parking lot has McD, teppanyaki/Vietnamese restaurant, a burger/diner, and across from this also has Butler King. 
I got the lunch special sesame chicken that comes with fried rice and egg roll. Really good deal for $5.99. Good portion and good taste. The fried rice is superb. Chicken could be fried a little more before the saucing, but it can be just a preference of the chef. Egg roll is fried to perfection.While it doesn't look like much from the outside, it is the best Chinese takeout place in New Orleans (and ive tried many). I would get the General Tso Shrimp, which is not even on the menu. Food is always ready when they say it will be and the portions are enormous. For the price and quality of food, you can't go wrong with Hong Kong!I usually stop there and order from the counter-not in advance. The food is good, the people are very nice, and it is never a long wait. It looks to be family run- and I tell you what, the kitchen is spotless, at least what you can see from the counter, and I always look. The vegetables are fresh and crisp. Like another reviewer stated, there are only about 3 tables there. It really is more a take-out place, a very good one for sure. Also FYI there are ample condiments and chopsticks to throw in your bag on the way out-they keep that area stocked well, even napkins.Went due to all the good reviews.  Food was very good above all the others in the area.  I also like that they had pictures of each dish on the wall.  It helps with people like me who have no clue what some of these dishes are.  Plenty food in the lunch special to take leftovers home for dinner.Great take out Chinese food! We order a few times a month- fast and delicious. The owners are friendly and the take out is quick.This is a great Chinese restaurant. The inside is nothing special, but their food is best as take-out. I usually get the sesame chicken and an order of fried rice or Lo-Mien both of which are good; I like the House Special. 
The prices are good and the portions are fantastic. A large sesame chicken feeds my girlfriend and I and we always have one plate leftover. 
I think I can honestly say they have the best Chinese food I have ever eaten. I get it a few times a month because it's great food at cheap prices.Ordered from here several times. The pork lo mein is good, and you can ask for it to be low-salt. The orange chicken and beef and broccoli are OK, sometimes a little bland. Typically they have a deal for free appetizers depending on how much your order which is nice. Staff are very friendly. Not really a sit down restaurant, but they stay busy with to-go orders.Best Chinese takeout. Stand outs for me are the shrimp egg foo young and eggplant in garlic sauce. It's just in a little strip mall on Dickory. Friendly service. Whenever I'm craving Chinese food this is my go to place. Worth the drive.New Orleans lacks certain things most people enjoy; affordable housing, decent pizza, and freedom from fear. And decent Chinese cuisine. I've actually crunched on MSG crystals, pieces of cooking utensils, watched the oil flow from egg rolls, and simply been underwhelmed. Hong Kong Kitchen fulfills this metropolis' need for Chinese cuisine. From reading the previous reviews, we took a chance. We ordered a little of everything: crab rangoons, dumplings, shrimp fried rice, General Tso's, egg foo young, veggie mein fun, and moo goo gai pan. Not only was everything in plenty, served hot, and packaged nicely, but the flavor is there! Distinguishable flavors we all know an love, but cannot find in the city. You owe it to yourself...to your health...to stop taking unwise risks, and start going to Hong Kong Kitchen. The staff are very pleasant, and know the meaning of lagniappe :) This is a business that has built a reputation by making great food. Enjoy!This is probably by far the best hole in the wall Chinese restaurant in the entire New Orleans area. I have been going here off and on for about 6 years and it is killer! They usually only have 3 people working here so the line can get long. I usually call in my order ahead of time to save those precious few extra minutes on nights when take-out is necessary.
They have a great selection of traditional Chinese food dishes. I usually get the Lo Mein, Beef with Broccoli, or Fried Pot Stickers with an Egg roll along with some Hot and Sour Soup. 
The prices here can't be beat. We usually can feed myself, the SO, and two others for less than $40 bucks with leftovers for lunch the next day. I know, right! 
They also have the sweetest ladies there that really know their customers. Whenever I come in, they usually recognize me and if my order is large they sometimes will discount something for me or give me an order of egg rolls for free. They treat their repeat customers right. I love this place and have even considered have them cater my wedding.Inexpensive, quick and big portions of good food. I have tried several other Chinese places in the area and this is my favorite.Hong Kong is decent, inexpensive Americanized Chinese food. They are always quick and the food isn't bad. I've tried them now 3 times with 3 different dishes. I've had the Moo Goo Gai Pan, Mai Fun and now Chicken with mixed veggies. The Moo Goo Gai Pan is usually served with a light white sauce, Hong Kong's version was thick and weird. Also, I wasn't expecting a sauce with the chicken and mixed veggies. It's was a soy sauce based heavy brown sauce. I'm not a fan of the sauces but the Mai Fun was delish. Over all, it's a slight upgrade from your basic mall Chinese food. Not exquisite but not terrible eitherGreat value! I have live across from them for many years.  Food is always good, very very consistent,  and staff always friendly. Huge fan of their lo mein. Everything always very fresh and they are not shy with the portions. Thank you!Great food, best value in the area. It's primarily take out, only 3 tables, and very plain interior. Fast and dependable and I always have leftovers.Very good food!  The special fried rice is good.  They are very nice people.  On Ash Wednesday they called us back to let us know there was meat in their rice to make sire that is what we wanted.  They didn't have to do that.Love this place. They always are very friendly and quick with their service. Will always be my number one place to go for cheap and fantastic Chinese food.Great place fast service,  food is cooked for you while you wait.   Excellent taste without extra sodium to boost taste.   Price is comparable to others in area,  but get better taste and more food for the cost. 
Highly recommended and I tend to get a meal about once week,  something quick,  good tasting,  and great value for price. Hot,  fast, and great food.This is my husband's go to place when he knows I am not cooking. He always picks up the shrimp or combo lo mein, egg rolls and spring rolls. For the convenience, price and portion size you can't go wrong. Don't expect culinary perfection at economy prices.Yummmm! The sesame chicken is DELICIOUS! Super crispy chunks of chicken drenched in a sweet and tangy sesame sauce and topped with seasame seeds! This is my new go to restaurant for take our Chinese. The combo comes with the chicken, broccoli, fried rice and an egg roll! The egg roll was huge and very crispy!My go to spot, even though it's close by but I love their house special fried rice, house special egg foo young. Quick service!! Never disappoints! Every time I crave Chinese food, I come here!! They always get my orders right!I love this place! The food is the best Chinese food in the New Orleans area and the prices are great. The staff is great (even helped me jump my car once when the battery died). Its not much to look at inside, but the food is awesome, so it's perfect for takeout. When I'm sick, I get their soups by the quart because it's so good and homey.After 3 months..we came back to dine out and I dont think it's because we missed them.
But WAO...the sauces were thicker, the beer extra tender and the hot drop soup ..extra delicious. They are stepping up the game even more.
Only take out through a glass window and even wearing a plastic face protector when opened. Good job!I live 25 minutes away but still, there is no other place I'd go for chinese takeout!I just love this place. I've been taking out from them for YEARS and it's always been consistent and yummy. Also, everyone there is super nice. I love triple garlic (extra spicy) and pan-fried dumplings, but I've never gotten anything that I didn't care for. Also, you really can't beat the price!This is the best Chinese takeout I have had.  Great variety, and the fresh, deliciously prepared food comes in generous portions at reasonable prices.  Great service, and friendly atmosphere.Hong Kong Kitchen..
All I can say, is it is a good, as close as it has gotten so far in NOLA
To the Chinatowns of Boston, Seattle and NYC..
I had the Combo Egg Foo Young, Very Tasty..
The Crab Rangoon, were also, awesome..
The fried Dumplings, true to form,
The steamed Dumplings, very tasty..
Not too fancy, but good, tasty food.
I am still on a quest to find good Chinese food on NOLA, without
Having to go as far as NOLA East, or Chalmette..
The quest goes on, although this place, satiated my appetite for the time being.
Stay Easy NOLA, stay Easy
B.E.D.I like this place. Why? Because it is solid Chinese food that you can get cheap and fast in the area.  I can't say it's the best Chinese food I ever have had (Oh how I miss you House of Lee and Jade Palace!) but for what you pay for it , it is pretty darn good.  My go to is the egg foo young. The lunch and or dinner special is about 6 or 7 dollars and could feed a third world country. It has a great taste and the veggie and the shrimp varieties are the best.  They have the type of sweet and sour sauce that I like and they are not stingy if you ask for extra.  There is rice is okay at best.  It is a little too yellow for my taste.  But its not bad.  There mandarin sauce is very tasty and nutty.  I usually just pour this on everything because I hate my arteries.  The egg roll isn't very large but isn't the small kid on the block either.  
Believe it or not their shrimp dishes are really the stand outs. Which is shocking for what is pretty much Chinese fast food when you really think about it (there is really is no inside. I think they have one table).   The grilled chicken dishes are flavorful as well and contain a multitude of veggies.
On the not so great side, their won ton soup has a nice flavor and tons of dumplings in it, but nothing else. No Bach Choi, no shredded pork, nothing, But for 2 dollars what can you expect people?!  Also I find that none of their "spicy" dishes are that spicy.  Blow my head and toilet off! Please I am begging you! I like spicy, so don't "protect" me!  My biggest gripe is the fried chicken is mostly batter and just taste like fried whatever.  
Once again stick to the Shrimp Dishes and the Egg Foo young and you can't get a better deal!
The Good:
The Price! All day the price!
The portions
Egg Foo Young
Shrimp dishes
The Bad:
If they would beef up their won ton soup with more items it would be great (maybe I should have said "pork up")
Give me spicy or give me death!
The Ugly:
I love mandarin chicken , and with such a great mandarin sauce they have there it is a shame I never get it because their fried chicken just is not up to par.Abosuletly the best Chinese take out in the Harahan area. I order from them every week almost .  I love love love the shrimp in garlic sauce over the rice. The Singapore mai fun is my absolute. Nice size portions. I always eat twice off one plate every time I order from there.So, I had never heard of this place until today. 
I was very impressed with their quickness tho, I walked in, and walked out. It was so fast! And the food was AMAZING! I got the lunch special orange chicken and egg drop soup. The chicken was some prime, white meat, and the sauce was phenomenal! The meal portion was very generous; I'm so full now and I couldn't even finish. The egg drop soup was good too, thick consistency. 
As a first time customer, I am very impressed and I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for fast, delicious, authentic Chinese cuisine.This is my favorite Chinese takeout place. I've been coming here for about 12 years. Right after Katrina in 2005, it was one of the only places open. My parents and I would wait for our food alongside the National Guard guys. 
My favorite dishes are the mai fun, dumplings, and the wonton soup. But everything I've had here has been tasty. They've never done me wrong, and I imagine I'll keep coming back whenever I crave cheap Chinese takeout.Good food good price 
Quick service 
It's not a dine in place really mostly pick up service they have but 
They gave couple seats way better than most of the Chinese placesBest Chinese in the Metairie area and very reasonably priced! The lunch special is great and the portions are huge. I've tried many things off the menu and all of it has been great. I love the crab rangoons here. Definitely try them out!Great Chinese and employees are real nice in a lively atmosphere. Get the general chicken in is top notch.General Tso's chicken is my favorite but the Szechuan anything  is great, too. The prices are more than fair. The  variety is outstanding. And if you call in your order it will be ready in about 15 minutes. If you don't agree Hong Kong Kitchen is a great value, I'll give you your money back.Solid egg drop soup. Good shrimp lo mein. Average general tsos chicken- thick, breaded with a more sweet than tangy sauce and average egg roll.The food is good for the price, the crab Rangoon is one of the best around, wish they went a little spiced on some stuff, but the lunch prices are the best aroundYikes! The food here was truly terrible and barely edible. Their prices are good and so are their portions, but that's pretty much where the good  stops. I got takeout from Hong Kong Kitchen, so I can't say much about the experience of eating there, although I still wouldn't suggest it. It's the kind of place where you pick up your food and go. There's not much of an atmosphere inside.
My boyfriend and I were starving and ordered enough food to feed a pack of hungry wolves, but regretted that as soon as we tasted the food. The Fried Rice was oily and flavorless, the Broccoli with Garlic Sauce was so drenched in oily, gelatinous sauce that I had to drain it before eating and even then it was disappointing. The Sweet and Sour Sauce was the kind of bright neon orange that screams "warning" and not "eat me" and the Egg Drop Soup was so thick and gelatinous that we couldn't eat it at all. I felt bad wasting it, but it was really awful.
I know I've been spoiled with delicious New York Chinese food and that I have pretty high standards, but that doesn't excuse the barely edible food I had here.This small little Chinese restaurant is a hidden gem.in Harahan. Tucked behind the Shell Station, the food is inexpensive,  very tasty and plentiful. I call ahead on my way home from work and pick up on my way by. The food is always hot and ready. I judge Chinese by egg rolls, and theirs are great. I'm a Kung Pao chicken fan and theirs is delicious. When I need soup, their Eggdrop Is my go to choice. Very worth a try!