It's gotta be the best fried food restaurant I have ever visited in LA, the food is awesome, customer service is great, clean and the menu is so big, I tried the conch, fish and jumbo shrimp, my friends got the phellies and buffalo wings, we all shared and we were hooked, I know stop by there twice a week. Coleslaw was the best I've ever had. And don't forget the slushies, home squeezed fresh lemons.Midway through Endymion, we realized that we hadn't really eaten anything since breakfast. But after getting soaked in the Float 29 downpour, going anyplace nice was pretty much out of the question. I'd been craving fried chicken since we got here, and Yelp pointed us to Hooks which is just down the road from our place.
Fancy it's not, just a few fast-food booths and the counter where you order; we decided to get our food and drag our damp tired asses back to the apartment. We waited about 20 minutes, but it was well worth it, because they make everything fresh when you order it; so fresh and hot in fact, that it needed the trip home to cool off enough to eat it!
The portions are huge for what you pay-for a $3 upcharge I subbed chicken tenders for wings with my shrimp. If you order just tenders, you can order two or three, but they put four in mine! I detected (and confirmed with Yelper Daughter) a hint of some Mediterranean seasoning, and they were delicious, as were the dozen or so fried shrimp. The fries are pretty standard but well done. I don't do gizzards, but YD said they were very good. For a big, delicious no-frills meal, this place is the bomb!The best fried food in my life! You gotta try the shrimp Philly! Full of flavor, and awesome customer service! And the prices are just right, with plenty of food for everyone... and you gotta try the homemade Ooeey Gooey cake!This was my family and I first time coming to eat here. There are so many great places to eat in New Orleans. 
So when we walked in we was not to sure but the staff was so nice and they was really great and patient with us while we placed our order. The food was so good and fresh and the secret powder they Put on the food was a extra special touch. We will be back when we come to New Orleans again it's home.Excellent service and outstanding food. I had the steak and cheese combination and everything was perfect.Fried conch as someone else said! Also, good fresh seafood that doesn't cost a fortune. My food was really good, but my friend said his fish wasn't cooked well. My husband loved his food as well. I really like the staff. They are friendly and let us try things before we bought them. We ended up spending about $80 for the veritable mountain of food we bought, so the try it first policy worked well :) 
I'll definitely be back to get more of this not healthy at all but super tasty fried seafood :)I first came to Hooks after an Uber driver suggested I go there when I first moved in to the neighborhood. He said I could get the best Philly Cheese Steak of my life there.  He was right.  They are absolutely mouth watering delicious.  The bread is crispy on the out side, soft in the middle.  You get that crunch in your first bite followed by an ooey gooey drip of cheese, peppers, onions, and chopped beef.  You will make a mess when eating this thing. It's massive, on 12 inch poboy bread.  I make two meals out of this thing every time I get it. I save the other have for later and throw it in the oven when I'm ready for more. Two satisfying meals for 9 bucks?  You can't beat it. The owner takes great pride in this one particular sandwhich.  Hes been perfecting it for nearly a decade.  He and his staff are always welcoming and friendly. Simply put, the people and Philly Cheese Steak at Hooks are the Bomb.They have the best wings in the city. The seafood and burgers are amazing. You can tell the staff care about what kind of food they are serving the customer.  The seasoning they used should be bottled and sold. The gentleman who work there are extremely friendly. I always feel like I am with family every time I walk in. The prices are great.This place had the best shrimp pro boy I ever had.. so fresh and real . I would definitely go there again and againDidn't want to wait in line an hour for Willie Mae's so we stopped here...glad we did!!  The portions are huge; we were starving and didn't come close to finishing. I suggest buying 1 entree and splitting it (cause you are going need a piece of cake). We got catfish, shrimp, wings, fries and OkrA. It was all great!!  The batter is perfectly seasoned and extra crispy. The shrimp tasted super fresh and those wings!!  The only complaint was that the hush puppies were under cooked. Everything comes sprinkled w a delicious white powdery seasoning which I'm sure they could bottle and make a fortune. The red velvet cake was the perfect finish!Great Good for an amazing price.... I had the fish on bun and it was so good. The portion size is amazing for the price. I would take my family here and friends. Only Con, I feel the restaurant could be cleaner but other than that. Great !!!The BEST fried fish in New Orleans... There, I've said it!!! I literally went back three times on the same day. Perfectly seasoned and breaded! The fries were just regular fries but even they were EXCELLENT! I would recommend this spot to everyone, the fish was fresh and they give you HUGE PORTIONS! GO VISIT HOOKS! You won't regret it!Total sweet peas working there, the price is nice and the frozen lemonade is so goood and homemade it has seeds in it. Also those jalapeño poppers are delish. You can check out their promotional video on YouTube with pictures of their food and a cool Dub step soundtrack! Thanks for the yummy food Hook'sFirst of all! Huge huge portions of fresh fly fried food. We got the fried liver, fried prawns, and French fries which came with a side of bread which was buried under all the fried goodness LOL! Unfortunately they forgot to give us the cole slaw so we didn't get any veggies LOLEnjoyed some chicken & waffles. Nothing fancy but a nice little meal. Very cool vibe in this joint.I went back one night just because it was the only open restaurant nearby near 11 pm. I ordered red fish and chicken wings without breadding and substituted fries and breads with salad. Meanwhile, I asked them about the coleslaw.  I was told that they ran out of coleslaw the other day so they gave double fries (without telling me about this substitution). They could have asked me before they did that...I'd have gotten a salad instead.
They ran out of coleslaw this day, too. Maybe they need to make it enough to last their declared closing time. When the order came out, the fries were substituted with some salad veggies. They still gave me breads and did not give me any substitution for the coleslaw.  The fried fish was good and chicken wings were also good, still...I don't know if I'll go back if I can't get what I want correctly.We were visiting New Orleans & wanted some good fish & chips, so of course we looked to Yelp for expertise. Hooks received the highest stars & reviews so we started walking from the French Market. Wow....NOT A GOOD IDEA!! I highly recommend a cab! Upon arriving we were told the Yelp menu was out of date, they didn't have fish & chips, cod, Cole slaw or many others.
We ordered catfish & fries, which was cooked to perfection! Although it should've been after 15 min. Everyone was very nice. Not in the best part of town tho or what it seemed on the site. But good food.Delicious!!! Best fried jalapeños ever. Onion rings let the onions shine. Catfish was crispy and light. Shrimp and fried oysters were were really tasty... great batter, friendly people, clean table, will be returning either to eat in or take out. Very reasonable prices for sure.Being a Brit in NOLA, I get cravings for fish and chips and Hooks is as good a substitute as I've found in NOLA. The fried snapper is always on point, the fries are done right and the staff are always a delight. Can't recommend enough.I've been going here pretty much once a week. The food is freshly prepared when you order. The wait on the food is not long and if there is a wait it will be out shortly.  I love the fried catfish plate. They give you three large catfish with fries and bread. It's plenty to share because they give you so much. The Trout plate is just as delicious as the catfish. Depending on the mood you are in. If you are in mood for a good Burger on French. It's not no frozen patty in here. All meat baby.  Cooked to perfection and dressed on French when you order. Everything is so good. No cold food here and if they mess up they prepare quickly.  Good for late night or just if you are in the mood for something different. Ask for there home made tarter. Your mouth will just drop for this. They don't make it unless you ask for it. So it's the bomb!!!Fried Conch!!!!! Enough said... It is really good and nicely seasoned. I get it weekly. The shrimp are huge and the snapper is just as tasty.My friend brought me to this place and I was quite satisfied after leaving. Catfish could've more seasoned but the jalapeño poppers were delish!As a restaurant manager, I can't say enough great things about Hook's.
Absolutely great customer service. When I mentioned I was new to the area and NOLa cuisine, the gentleman behind the counter recommended a half catfish/half shrimp po' boy. It was spot on the best po' boy I've had in New Orleans so far. Not to mention, some of the best fries you will ever eat. Their secret? Lemon pepper salt seasoning that absolutely kicks these crispy spuds up a notch.
Great price for what you get, as well. You also get a soda with your order which makes it a great deal.
Clean on the inside and even the bathroom was in tip top shape. So far, I've eaten at Hook's more than any other place in town since I moved here.I was craving fried food and the restaurant I was going for closed their kitchen 11 minutes early. Hooks was the closest place around. Never been there, not even on Yelp, but gave a shot.
Their service was proactive. If you get caught staring at the menu here, you'll be pulled over to the counter and will be explained. They have a lot more items than the menu. I got two Hooks It Up Platters ($11.99, $12.99) which were supposed to be served with fries, coleslaw, and bread. When I got home, there was no coleslaw for the two orders. 
Fries, buttered bread slices, and all fried foods and no vegetables to wash it down...the foods were pretty good and simple, but without coleslaw it was hard to finish the food with two people.  Coleslaw is $1.99 so they forgot to give me $4 worth of food.Just give these guys your money already. My favorite place for fried fish and chicken in the city. If you're looking for a place to start, order one of the Hooks it up Platters, but you really can't go wrong with anything here. 10 stars!Just left Hooks and had to write about this place! I was born and raised in Philadelphia and this place had the most amazing philly cheesesteak I've ever had! Customer service was amazing! Coleslaw was one of a kind!Omg I just inhaled my plate. This place is delicious. Fresh and hot and on Uber Eats. I was skeptical about the fried shrimp part because I'm VERY picky about my fried food but it was amazing. Please if you are in the 7thward try this place out or order to go. The catfish was seasoned very well and fried perfectly.So came here for some chicken. Wanted to try because I have heard several ppl saying that the fried chicken was good. Ordered the drummettes and they were tasty, and fried hard they had somewhat of a sweet sprinkle on them although I'm not quite sure what the taste was. Next couple of days ordered the wings and they were just ok. Nothing like the drummettes.  Won't order the wings again. On a cheat day may try the fried oyster but not in a rush to get back thereClean restaurant!!! Loved that the food is made-to-order in a decent time. Will return to try more of their menu. My only gripe was my french fries could have been cooked just a tad longer.Very mixed feelings about this space. My partner and I went at separate times for our first try and neither of us liked our food at all (between the trips there were fries, fried fish and fried livers or gizzards I honestly can't recall which).  We'd sworn the place off until my mom wandered in there while visiting from out of town and got a shrimp and chicken platter that was delicious. I think we've gone back once and it was ok. The staff is awesome. A decent spot for a quick plate!I was in New Orleans recently and wanted to have seafood while I was there. I am glad we ate at Hook's!!!! I was very impressed with this restaurant, considering it looks like a fast food type place. The food was very, very good I thought, and for what you pay, you get a lot of food for the money! I had shrimp and my dad the catfish, we both thought our dishes were very good, thought we both agreed that the seasoning they put on though very good, was a little spicy. I would recommend getting a smaller order than what you think you would eat, if you are ordering individual meals for a group of people, as the "small" portions are still really big, case in point, I did not manage to finish mine, something that does not usually happen to me; or, you could get a "large" portion of something to share among two people. The price was okay, for two people it was about $22 dollars, not bad by any means, but a little more than I was hoping at first, but in the end, it was worth it! The inside of the restaurant itself, could you a little bit of cleaning at there were sport that were dirty along the window seals, and a little on the floor, however, if you ask me, it was not too bad. All things considered, I would eat at Hook's again if I was in the area, and I would have no problems recommending it to others.Was in town for work and I didn't feel like walking to a restaurant so I order from this place using uber eats. Food arrived hot and still crispy. It was super delicious. Kinda of reminded me of Snappers in Miami but better. The catfish was light and crispy with a ton of flavor and the fried shrimp was tender and moist.  The best suprise was the buttered bread. Thank you for that. I was already stuffed, but I could not leave the bread on the plate. It was delicious too!Hooks is EXCELLENT! Staff are real nice, friendly and helpful.
So far, I have enjoyed the "Chicken Liver Platter" 4-Stars, "Philly Cheese Steak Combo" 5-Stars and the best I have had outside Philadelphia, "Shrimp Po-Boy Combo" 5-Stars and again the best one I have had in the city of New Orleans. 
Next time, an Oyster Po-Boy. I'll let you know how great it is.This place is amazing. The catfish Po boy is made really well and tasted fresh. When they say fried chicken wings, they mean the whole wing! Great food to eat without the tourists from the French quarterBest fried seafood in New Orleans!  I called ahead, my order was ready when I got there!  The fries were seasoned and the fish was crispy and perfect!  The portions were nice, and I expect to return, soon!This place has THE best seafood & chicken...and, that's sayin aLOT bein in NOLA! To add to the pleasure of doing business here, the prices are SUPER reasonable, the wings are WHOLE wings, & the staff treat you with kindness & respect! You KNO your business is appreciated here! Try it! I GA-RAN-TEE you'll like it, & stomp your foot if u miss their closing time, like I do!Stopped in for a quick meal while I was in the area and it was just ok. My dad, sister and I got a fish plate and chicken tender plate. The pieces were huge but not that flavorful. It was obvious the fish was frozen since it was lacking flavor big time. Served with unsalted fries the chicken tenders were three real tenderloin strips that looked very good. Another draw back is that they do not have a drink fountain so if you eat in you have to buy a can drink. Overall if you need something to ease that fried food craving this is your spot if your in the 7th ward area but don't expect anything amazing.If going to the 7th ward don't bother you, than this is the place to go for fried chicken. I ordered the fried chicken with shrimp & fries. Each seasoned with a hint of lemon & salt. Everything was deliciousBest Fried fish and chicken!!!! Hands down perfectly season, reasonable price and friendly staff!! Love itThis is my go to for fried seafood. They are fast, clean, and portions are on point. This place is super affordable and the guys working there are super friendly. I take friends from out of town there all the time when there is a request for cheap fried seafood. This would also be a great place to get large pans for catering a party.The FOOD here IS FRESH! It's Made to order. Honestly, the time you spend waiting is worth the wait! It looks regular on the outside but boyyy the food is really good! You also get your money's worth with quantity and quality! This spot has many different fried stuff. Fried chicken,fried shrimp,fried oysters,fried mozzarella sticks,and etc. It is really really good!This is my go to spot for hot & fresh seafood. I was first introduced through the UberEATS app and have been back, on a weekly basis, since! Their menu includes: PoBoys, fried seafood, and wings.
The parking is on the street, around the restaurant, and there's usually spots to squeeze into. The restaurant itself is always clean inside and out. The lobby has a flat screen and they change to any channel you would like. There is ample seating because most customers take their order to go. The staff is always very friendly and willing to assist. 
The food is made to order, so you don't have to worry about any cold or stale food. The wait time is usually 10 minutes, so order over the phone and save time. They do take phone orders. (Yay!) I usually order the 'Fish, Shrimp, & Wing Meal' & that includes a side item, for $15.99. They also sell candy bars and bottled soda, for your sweet tooth.
My food is always seasoned to perfection and satisfies my hungry. Their portions are so large I usually have to eat the rest later. Their to go plates are microwave friendly as well! This place offers awesome customer service, tasty food, and reasonable pricing. If that isn't a triple threat than I don't know what is!So this place gets serious points when it comes to quantity of food for the price you pay. No joke, one po'boy meal is DEFINITELY enough for 2 people to share. Most meals come with a side of fries and a drink. My husband insisted on getting a "VIP" platter and it actually was served to him in a small metal baking tray that looked like it was large enough to feed a small family. The flavor of everything fried was good- we especially liked the fried catfish (super tender, flaky, and crispy) and the wings (some of the best fried wings I've ever had!). The fries and bread were pretty meh though. My poboy was well dressed and I asked for some tartar sauce which was a good complement.I had the Fried Oysters, Delicious OMG , fried just to perfection, seasoned correctly.
The service was fast, clean environment, safe location to sit and eat, or call in your order for pickup, and you get plenty for your money....
Better than Casnet.... yes I said it... Now go to HOOK'sMy every Friday spot. 
Real friendly
Food always on point 
Love the phone orders
Shrimp, chicken and fish Vip 
Whole Snapper  
Is my to 2 mealsWalking distance from our airbnb and decided to check it out. Called in our order and they had it ready as soon as we got there. There was a slight mix up but Mo the cashier was able to fix it. The bread on the Po Boy was next level. Would come back if in the area.Everything comes out hot and fresh, and they don't ever short ya one bit! Plus the the staff is very friendlyI heard good things about this place prior to my visit here but it's a no for me. After waiting over an hour and a half for my food, it still wasn't done. I kindly asked for a refund and the guy ignored me and continued to take orders. A few moments later, I had to ask "before you do that, can I please get a refund?!" He gave me my refund with no apology. I don't like for my time to be wasted. I will not be returning.If I could give it zero stars I would. I went in and ordered two platter plates and a wing plate and one crab cake. I  ONLY RECEIVED one platter, a wing plate and two crab cakes. After being patiently waiting more than the actual wait time, and tipping!!! I was being understanding due COVID-19 !!! I absolutely could not believe that they followed this heinous behavior with not picking up the phone for two hours while taking to go orders !!! Today terrible!Fried seafood is a dime a dozen in this city.   Hooks used to be among  the best seafood platters in NOLA.  Those were the good ole days, a bye gone era.  They've changed their recipes/breading or batter and now the food is totally unremarkable.   In a blind taste test it could be any other dish in the city.  I won't be back til the old formula is back.I ordered a cheeseburger combo on French bread through Ubereats and it was so delicious!! It was more than enough food. I was thoroughly impressed. This was my first time trying Hooks but it definitely won't be my last.Tried this place after arriving to New Orleans late at night and needing a bite to eat that wasn't too far from the house. I got the Fried Catfish Plate and the husband got shrimp po boy and we got some wings to share. Everything was AWESOME and cooked to perfection. Get the seasoning on the fries  y'all, it was so good. Just sure to shake it around a bit. The fries were nice and crunchy and the catfish was delicious! I like that the shrimp had a good flavor that wasn't the same as the catfish like other places tend to have. I would definitely patron this place again ion future visits to New OrleansReally good surprise.
This place reminds you to never judge a book by the cover.
We tried a shrimp and wings platter and really enjoyed it. The shrimps seemed fresh and the breading very good.Damn sho gonna be a staple for me when I return! 
We were here on 7/21, kind of late, but you'd never know by the amazing service of the young man workin the counter, that we were late night eaters. We arrived about an hour before they closed, checked the menu and wondered how good it was going to be.. its a super no frills dive. 
MAN. 
That food came and I was HAPPILY shoving my shrimp po-boy down my throat. It was HUGE!! Loaded with deliciously fried shrimps, and dressed. I could only eat one half of my sammy-- but she made for some bomb leftovers the next day. 
We ordered corn nuggets and fried okra.. DELICIOUS!! And I didn't think I liked fried okra. Perhaps it was the "special seasoning", iontkno.. but everything was fabulous! They didn't have any homemade sauces, but they had cocktail, tarter, hot sauce, ketchup and ranch. 
Our friends got the hot sausage on a bun, and wings plates, and they both said they were delicious!! 
Literally.. service was stellar, and the food was amazing!! The few guests that came in after us chatted us up, and the energy was definitely love. 
We'll see yall again!This place is fantastic. 
I've ordered the shrimp, catfish and wing tray ($13.99).  Everything was steaming hot and delicious. They also give me A LOT of food. Definitely worth the $$$.
I ordered the Philly cheese steak for my brother ($9.99 with fries and a drink) and he killed it. It was so delicious, just a perfect Philly.  Lots of meat, and that delicious white cheese that I never knew the name of. 
Definitely get your food here!The corn nuggets are delicious. Definitely a little bit of a greasy experience, but worth the try.This is one of my favorite spots in the city to grab and go with a shrimp on bun. Yes, I love my shrimp spicy like at Cajuns, but this place is pretty cool. 
The staff is always fast and friendly with everyone that visit. I almost always order over the phone. I've never had one problem here. 
Customer friendly! They're willing to fix the problem, if there is one. 
Nice and hot! Keep up the good job.Really good value for money but nothing special. Ordered the catfish nuggets and they were pretty bland. The fries were also not fried hard enough and were soggy.I ordered so hilly cheesesteak through Uber eats. I asked for no mayo... so they didn't put any lettuce or tomatoes either. Barely any meat.Really good and reasonable prices. I had the fish and shrimp platter with a crawfish pie.Truly a hole in the wall and a hidden gem.  A friend recommended this store and I had to try it out! The catfish and chicken wings were amazing. The service was fairly fast - we called ahead before arriving and got our food in under  15 minutes! 
I will most definitely be returning!Entire staff is irresponsible and doesn't care about theri customers NOR themselves -- none of these employees/managers wear PPE (masks, gloves); that's absolutely unacceptable! 
The food is decent... prices are somewhat decent... but I will NOT give them my business unless they follow the proper health mandate to keep us and themselves safe. It's simple -- do the right thing, HOOKS!!!The whole fried snapper is so delicious. The wings and mozzarella sticks are some of my menu favorites.Came here Saturday, Oct 20, to pick up a to go order for a group of people and I'm glad we choose this place because it was sooooo good! I only had to wait a few minutes whenever I arrived for my order and the food was fresh/hot when I made it back to our house. 
I ordered the catfish and shrimp platter that came with fries and a side of okra. The portion were great and the fish was fried hard just like I like it! I even had leftovers to come back to. I would recommend for anyone to try this place out. It's kind of small in there with only a few tables but I'm sure you'll be able to make it work.I had the catfish and the meatpie and both were absolutely delicious. The portion sizes for the catfish were astronomical. Each piece was literally half a catfish in size. The flavor, portion sizes, and price were all amazing. Great hidden find in the city.