My honest rate for this restaurant would be 4 1/2 stars; however, Yelp does not offer that option. I wanted to reserve a table for a party of 10 and decided to call them a week prior (Saturday). I was told to call back the upcoming Wednesday for a reservation. Let's back it up a bit: I called them about a month prior to the actual event just to get some details about reservations. I was given a presumably complete rundown. Fast-forward: I called Wednesday and was told I'd have a manager call back. No return call. I called around 12 times between Wednesday and Thursday with no answer. I was persistent because this was the only local hookah bar that seemed to our liking. By Friday, I finally got a response in which I was informed that in order to reserve, I would have to physically come in and purchase a bottle. That was a definite inconvenience because the person who would actually have to pay was now out of town. So, I gave it a chance and told my party to just see if they could go in when Saturday arrived. I stayed back due to illness. The place was really packed according to the birthday boy. He assumed he had reservations there, which he somehow didn't comprehend when I explained everything to him. However, when he mentioned my name to the owner or manager, he remembered our conversation and my persistence and decided to seat them within a short time frame. I got word of the staff's super friendliness and their rush to accommodate them. Perhaps they realized that phone activity could have been a bit better on their behalf. My guests also spoke highly of the flavorful hookahs. I'd give the place another shot.Very nice New Orleans style lounge.  Good to move back home to the 504 and experience my city doing great things.I want to be biased and give them more stores because I'm cool with people who work here but they need to straighten out some kinks. 
I'm usually sat in a more private area with actual comfortable couches but some of the sitting areas are like sitting outside on concrete. The chairs are hard and flimsy. 
Service takes awhile, so find a menu and tell your server EVERYTHING you need at once because there's a good chance you won't see her again for some time. 
If you're going to order a hookah I recommend doing it with a grapefruit on it. It gives it a better flavor. 
Only come here on Fri-Sun if you have TIME. It gets packed (which is good because I remember when they had tumble weeds in here). 
Enjoy but follow my tips!I am a huge beef shawarma fan, I didn't try the hooka but was impressed with the way they made their shawarma. The beef was tender with the right sauce and delicious bread. The price was cheap compared to the size of the shawarma and the French fries. The staff were friendly and nice they even wished me a happy fasting for Ramadan.One of the best hookah spots I have been to in New Orleans, the atmosphere is great they play top hit music and if they aren't busy they will play a song you like. Their hookahs are amazing especially the pineapple head hookahs I definitely recommendThis place was very nice. A lot of hookah bars are too dark and too loud but this one wasn't that. The drinks are strong and taste very good. The Arabic coffee is out of this world. The wait service was good. Our waitress could have pulled her shirt up a little bit though.  Ha, I was afraid of of her breasts were going to pop out when she leaned over the table. The hookah was good, but pricy. 2 people per hookah. The man with the coal was not the best. He could have checked yup on us more. We had some food, all was decent, no complaints. They charged us double for a milkshake,  which was very good but I don't recommend drinking one after having some alcoholic drinks. All in all it's a decent hookah bar.Always love coming to this hookah spot. But I have to say Nicole made it extra special. One of the best servers I've come across in Nola. Born and raised local, I'll definitely be back and I'd request her every time.The hookah was good, reasonable price and packed well.  Our waitress was also great and very attentive. However the price of the drinks was absolutely unreasonable. I ordered an Abita on tap and what I got was a plastic 8oz cup of beer for $6.00. The poor experience with the drinks put me off to ordering food.this is a perfect little hookah bar, i wish i had known about it sooner. our server was so nice and did everything to make us comfortable. we got some appetizers and drinks, but we really loved the hookah! their fruity mint flavors were so good. the atmosphere was very chill, a nice change from the busyness of new orleans. great experience!Just left Hookah House after having a terrible experience with our waitress. Did not catch her name, but she had long hair, glasses, and was wearing a grey sweater. She already approached us appearing to be irritated to be there. While attempting to order food, I asked about the grape leaves. She cringed, her face tightening up, then awkwardly paused. After a few seconds, she stated that she didn't know what was in them because they disgusted her. Not how you'd want an employee to describe food. I ordered something else, and she continued with taking my friends' orders. When one of my friends asked about the price of a drink, she stated that she wasn't concerned about the price of drinks because she was currently working towards her masters, and money wasn't a concern of hers. I found this comment to be incredibly classist and demeaning towards my friend. I have my master's degree in education, and I know better than to use that privilege as a way to put down others, especially people I'm serving at my own job. Because of her comments towards my friends, and her generally unpleasant attitude towards her job, I decided to leave the establishment without spending any money there. I have no intentions of returning and hope that the managers seriously consider reviewing this employee's work history and behavior towards customers.Wanting to go to the hookah closer to my house, the one on Canal right across the street from the Mortuary, but the reviews of that place are so terrible i didn't want to take a shot on weather or not they were on their game that night. So my friend suggested this place and i had no idea this place was now a hookah joint.
We step in, and i'm spotted by the bartender who i just so happen to know, two surprises in one night! She suggests that we are well taken care of to a server (who was not ours) but i appreciated the effort.
We were well taken care of actually, but not too much from our server. The bartender took better care of us, in fact. While our server wasn't being a 'hole', she was quite polite, but hardly anywhere to be found whenever we needed something. Each time we asked for something, we got it, but we could kiss her goodbye for at least another twenty minutes.
The place is a lot bigger than what meets the eye. I did not explore downstairs, but upstairs has plenty of seating, and a separate room off to the side of the second-floor bar that seems good for private parties, but i'm not sure if it is exclusively for them or not.
The Hummus and Pita were good, my friend had some type of gyro that she devoured! Something about me with hookahs, i can only enjoy them for about ten minutes. After that, i start to get headaches and this funny feeling in my belly. I've only had one hookah from a friend's house i've been to who smokes and whatever type of tobacco he uses, i feel like i can smoke that all day!
Beware of the bench-seating along the walls tho, the cushions are not soft, at all. It feels like you're sitting on a board that does not give what-so-ever.
I'll give this place another shot tho, it helps to have good company to take your mind off of some of the shortcomings, but all-in-all, it's a pretty ok spot.I've never had such trash fucking service in my goddamn life. Waited for nearly an hour for my hookah on a night when the place was 75 percent empty and never had the coals changed even once. Another customer had to flag down the waitress to give me service out of pity. This place is a joke. Their hookahs fucking suck and their customer service is a joke. A disgrace to the industry.Totally enjoyed...We will definitely go back. However, our waitress didn't tell us about the fresh fruit hookah's. I had read about them before getting there, so I should have asked myself. I'm not a hot wings girl, but my sweetie is so we got the wings and fries. They were  seasoned well and pretty damn good. Other than her not telling me about the fresh pineapple hookah, the service was  great, the music was good and I will go back! #datenightThis place is new and has a few things to work out.  The hookah was delicious however the menu was confusing with few prices.  There were no prices on alcohol.  The food (tabouli salad, stuffed grape leaves, and falafel balls) were good and fresh.  Had to ask for utensils and got plastic forks.  The music choice was very clubby and did not fit the vibe I think should accompany a relaxing hookah lounge.Is whackadoscious still a word?  Was it ever one?   Nonetheless it describes this place.  The people were nice enough but the whole vibe was jersey shore.  They couldn't figure out if they wanted shitty or really shitty rap music playing...or if they wanted the crime drama on all the TVs to be playing through the speakers.   Hookah deserves good music and a TV is almost always a ridiculous notion.
The hookah itself had old hoses that didn't fit the base so not only was I busy adjusting that, the ghosting of old flavors ruined the taste.
oh and the ac was dripping water all over the table/my person for the entirety of the stay.  
Not a great hookah experience at all.  I may come back at a later drunker hour with a group when the toasted pipes, raindrops, and shitty music is but a small obstacle for the smoke.  Too bad there are only 2 hookah joints in new Orleans and this one is awful.Ambiance...nice upstairs.  Hookah...ok.  Waitstaff...ok.  Nothing will ever been like the old hookah on Frenchmen.  :(  There's not many hookah spots in New Olreans anymore.  This place is ok.  Nothing special about it though...it's just a hookah spot.  I didn't try any of the food.I'm only giving 2 stars because the food was good. The atmosphere seemed a little lacking not an inviting place at all tables are metal frames patio furniture. It was drafty inside but they played music from Pandora with commercials and all. The waitress was terrible she seemed more interested in talking to the bartender, entertaining her friends, and smoking her vape. She wasn't very attentive at all and seemed bothered if customers needed something. She also wasn't very knowledgeable about the menu and had to constantly ask the bartender questions. The coal guy was really good made sure to rotate out the coals on the regular. The food menu isn't too extensive but it has enough. They had $10 drink specials but drinks were not that good for the price and well drinks at that. Shisha flavors were plentiful and having a grapefruit on top really enhanced the taste. I probably would not return due to the terrible waitress and they automatically add 18% gratuity so we couldn't even dock the trip for the shitty service.I really like this place!
The prices are on market for hookah bars, if not a little less expensive than most places in the Quarter. Plus, our server was very attentive and polite and refreshed our hookah's coals about 4 times, completely unprompted.
Yes, their policy is 2 people per hookah. But nearly every other hookah bar I've been to has a similar policy so, as long as you plan ahead, this isn't a problem for diners and smokers.
Didn't try any food, which is why I only gave it 4 stars.
Laid-back, good service, good hookah. Definitely worth a visit!Too expensive for what it is. You're basically just paying for the atmosphere and nice looking waitresses lolFood was mediocre but not offensive. I was going to give it 4 stars until I gift my check and they automatically added gratuity (which was less than I planned on tipping anyways) to my solo lunch. That was offensive.Loved this hookah place. Has a great vibe and good service. They use yummy fruit bowls and have a full bar and good music. Can't wait to go back! It's only be open for 2 weeks and it's a hit.I'm sitting in here now waiting on my waitress to bring me my check back (it's been 20 minutes and it took her 20 minutes to bring it to us) the AC was broken in one room, the vibe is weird, drinks are expensive and the hookah is average. Gratuity is auto regardless of your table size so they can ensure shit service. Won't be back hereTonight was my first time there and I enjoyed myself- Great service & great music
Watermelon & Mint flavor hookah w a pineapple fruit headI don't know why this place has 3 star. This place is 5 star hookah lounge. The best hookah lounge not just in New Orleans but I whole state of Louisiana. Hookahs on point price of the fruit bowls are same as regular hookah bowl. Manager Abdul toke care of me. Great food, amazing hookah and nice drinks.Came here for hookah and drinks. Were seated upstairs where there was obnoxious rap music playing so we opted to sit out on the balcony... unfortunately the music was being piped out there too. Our waitress came by and took our order. Hookah and drinks were just fine but when the bill came i noticed an 18% gratuity had been added. Their policy for this is that parties of 4 or more have that added, our party was only 3 people. I had another employee remove the charge. I'm a waitress myself and i would never dream of doing this to someone who did not fit the criteria set by the restaurant. I also had every intention of tipping at least 18% before this despite the fact that we had to go up to the bar ourselves to get fresh drinks and our waitress did extremely little for us overall. I'm sorry if i unintentionally caused other employees to get a lousy tip out... But that was a lousy scheme that only works on drunk tourists.This place is awesome. They use fruit bowls, apple/orange start at $15 with &6 refills. The wait staff was attentive but not annoying. The couches were a great place for our group to chill, smoke and enjoy some tea. We will be back.So far my favorite hookah spot. Music, food, hookah, and nice view of Magazine St. Just wish they stayed open later then they do. Reasonable price, a cool chill spot for you and friends on a night.The place is iffy, accordingly with your tourist swag. The waitress, Kendrika(?), is chill and honest. She deserves to learn more about the product she makes tips off of. The owner has agreed to teach his staff more of the ins and outs of a good hookah experience.
We ordered the least sweet drink based on her suggestions... the peach LIT. It was delicious after speaking to the owner about their hookah practices.
The hookah was served with a plastic hose. At home, that's great! It's a one time use item that is served in a sealed bag TO YOU! Here, I don't trust it's been a one time use because the hookah was delivered with a plastic hose attached. Why would you serve a one time use hose like it's a practical hose??
We hope the owner, Abdul, takes our suggestions to heart and makes the most out of this business location. We wish him the best!
He is very open to constructive criticism and we appreciate that. You can easily sit on a hookah on for over an hour here. Just let the staff know you're willing to flip the bill for good service.
We suggest sitting downstairs for optimal service during off peak hours.Bartender "Danielle" talks really sweet but watch out- she didn't bring me my change and when I called her out about it she gave me .47 cents in pennies. Low class.Very chilled and laid back hookah was great but food wasn't all that great. The waitress brought out the wrong hookah at first but corrected it instantly. The ambiance is what I loved about the place. Staff was friendly overall I would go back with friends but I would eat somewhere else.horrible service! they did not have half of the menu available. We asked our server for chicken strips and fries and she came back with wings; to be nice we said we'll take the wings. However they still charged us extra even though it was THEIR mistake. Horrible in every way!The worst customer service from both staff and manager. When we walked in there was no hostess to greet us. Once we were sat by one waiter, another waiter approached us to take our orders. Our food came out at different times, and our drinks were watered down. Not only were we not satisfied with the service but the manager kicked us out 20 minutes before close. He abruptly turned off the music in the building, and had another team member walk up to take away our premium hookah that was not finished. It was a MESS. The manger ineffective communicated with my table and was very rude. He made it a point to say that he did not care about our concerns and our satisfaction. On top of that, our bill came up to 90$ for one hookah and three entrees that were on special prices. A RIP OFF. They will never get any of our business again.The hookah was great, and the Falafel was great but who doesn't have tahini sauce with falafel? Service was slow, waitress did not know the menu. Took over 15 minutes for a coke. Took even longer to get the coals for the hookah. The menu was dismal. Seemed light. Not even a feta and olive plate appetizer. Location was great, beautiful night on the balcony, but don't plan on drinking here. The waitress still hasn't come back. Go anywhere but hereTerrible service ! Mean and ugly people (literally).. Do not ever go here!!! You'll be wasting your money for no kind of fun at all. I recommend going to another place on canalChill hookah spot in the Uptown/Garden District area. Nothing too fancy unless your group is dressed up and making a stop along the way. Tons of seating...outside on Magazine Street...as well as inside the venue upstairs and downstairs and on the balcony. 
The hookah is nice. I usually stick with what I know. Pineapple based hookah, blue mist tobacco, with a shot of cognac in the base. 
We all ordered a few glasses of wine....which were really great pours....if you know what I mean. 
As far as the food is concerned. I usually don't have any from here, but this time around we order wings, tenders and fries which is kinda hard to screw up.  Nothing to special. 
There's a few tv's around the bar that are perfect for watching sports and couches for larger groups. Music as well...playing through the speakers from a local radio station or someone's phone. 
It's a repeat hangout spot to relax and talk with friends.This is the worse service I've ever received except for one girl who works there everyone else was awful. Customer service is a negative. I've gone there twice and both times were terrible. The second time we ended up leaving before we even smoked. Worse service ever! Every other hookah spot in NOLA  is waaaaaaaay better!Great customer service. Great foods. Great Vibes!!!
After leaving the hookah place on canal we were very pleased with the service we received from this location. The staff was amazing.Few of my friends and I stumbled upon this place whilst trying to visit Tasting Room next door. Tasting Room was closed and a nice young lady outside said The Hookah Cafe served wine and such if we were looking for that.. We winged it and went inside. 
Since we're here why not try the Hookah? The server said a hookah only covers two smokers and if all four of us would be smoking we needed to order two. Uh, why? We said no and only got 1 hookah. Opted for the pineapple head with a watermelon flavor. ($24.99) It was good. Three of us utilized that 1 hookah and it was fine. Were they trying to hustle us? Hmm..
No cocktail menu. A handful of spirits. Drinks were light. Probably won't be back.Food was a solid 2/10. Its like someone tried hard to make sure that my dining experience was bad. They messed up my order and everything was just so 'meh'. The prices weren't too bad, but you get what you pay for. As in, now that i think about it, i would rather pay three extra dollars for a shawarma from any other restaurant that i know for a fact was used as Sally struthers tampon on a bad month. Would rather pay for an over priced chicken sandwich at whataburger.Not sure why they're blasting shitty music and are keeping all the lights off. I was thinking I would come with friends to casually talk and smoke hookah, but the atmosphere they're promoting is much closer to ratchet club. Don't come here unless you want to sit next to your friends and not be able to hear them at allLast night marked my third visit in the last 4 months at the establishment. The atmosphere is what one would expect from a hookah restaurant with very dark lighting. This place is great for small, intimate gatherings and is very relaxing. I recommend the blue mist hookah with the orange fruit bowl or the jasmine rose if you don't want anything too sweet or minty. Please be mindful that only 2 can share per hookah!!!  I'll be back!!!Upon entry, we stood for a while as a girl standing at the hostess podium examined her receipts and ignored us. Poor service- waitress took so long to bring drinks, I forgot we ordered them. Then only do find out they were out of the watermelon stuff for one of the drinks. Poor quality of drinks -taste more like juice. The atmosphere is not the best and the building is run down. Bathrooms are the same size as a port-a-potty and smell the same as well. Also, don't expect to dry your hands-there's no paper towels and none at the empty bar upstairs. This establishment could be much better under more professional management. On the plus side, hookah was really good!You know when you walk into a place and something makes you want to walk right out? That was just the vibe I experienced when we walked in here. The staff was nice enough, they sat us upstairs on the balcony like we requested, and the attentive waitress dried off our seats that were wet from the previous rainstorm. So the place gets 2 stars for hiring decent people. On to the hookah, because that's why we're here, right? There are many different flavors and fruitheads and what-not. I suppose $15 is OK for your standard hookah but 2 people per hookah? Really?! I would understand this policy on a busy Saturday night but on a Sunday afternoon, I think it is absurd. We only got one and shared it between the group anyway. Ok, well maybe the food and drinks will make up for bad policy. Nope, it just made it worse. Overall the food was bland (although my friend enjoyed his gyro) and the fries were cold. The hummus was tasteless and definitely lacked tahini. I had two glasses of pinot noir which were good but my biggest pet peeve was committed in my friend's cocktail. People!! Coke + Sprite never ever equal Ginger Ale!! Ever! Stop doing that! The vibe was kind of clubby, with the local pop station blasting through the fake rocks in the background. This won't be my next hookah hangout. I'm sure there are people that would enjoy this place and its atmosphere but I won't be back.*For Hookah Only*
The prices seem pretty fair- $15 for regular with a fruit head, $20 for Premium.  The hookah was really good and strong.  Pipes seem new but they use plastic hoses.  All of the staff were pretty friendly and attentive.  The mint tea is delicious.  Nice ambiance for shisha. I did not try the food. I would def recommend checking the place out!The vulgar rap music was so loud it was obnoxious, chicken shawarma was burnt to a crisp, rice was dry, sage tea arrived unsweetened, fresh pita delivered after we were 1/2 done with our meal, so cold inside we were shivering, waiting couch full of holes, service was very slow, upstairs area dingy, salad dressing arrived in to-go containers even tho we dined in... ughYes, I am a fan! 
Since I was 18, there have been two other Hookah places I enjoyed visiting but eventually closed down. Hookah smoking is great with a group of friends, and the perfect pre-game event before going out on the town! 
There are a few small changes that could be made to make this place even better, in my opinion. On the first floor seating, I highly recommend that the fabric be replaced or refurbished, THEN a clear plastic coat placed on top for protection. The seats, even the chairs upstairs, look worn although this place is less than a year old. 
The small black metal wobbly tables that accompany the first floor seats have got to go. They are supper wobbly, maybe the floor is uneven, but the glasses of wine almost spilled a couple of times... until it did at the very end. Glass almost broke. 
The upstairs could use some more decorating. Just a few centerpieces and candles can go a long way. 
I'll definitely be back because the hookahs themselves are great! They know what they're doing when it comes to the hookahs. I do recommend this place for hookah enthusiasts and for those that are new to it, give it a try!This place is kinda meh. 
The hookah was overpriced (I hardly doubt sticking an apple on a hookah calls for a  $5 charge) and the wait staff consists of pretty, bored girls.Glad the waitress was nice because that was the only pleasant part of this visit. Say down, ordered drinks with my 2 friends. Soft drinks came out right away, coffee took an extra 45 minutes. Had to hunt the waitress down again to order food...which we were able to do 15 minutes later. Almost an hour later, the food comes out. It's subpar. I didn't taste the garlic AT ALL in the garlic hummus & my friend's wings weren't tossed in hot sauce like they should have been. Food was blah...service was worst. & to top it all off, the air conditioning unit leaked on me during most of the night. Doubt I'll be going back.I went to Hookah House on Tuesday Night and it's was a great place I got greeted well when I walked in the place then they sat us down right away so I was thinking this is going to be a great place to hang chill before we hit the town not so busy and just about 10 tables were filled so we sat down looked at the prices for hookah drinks and food so after I put the menu it was about 20mins and no services so I went down stairs to go place and order at the bar and the Lady behind the bar (Sara) asked me if anyone has be to our table and I said no she look upset and still took my order and said that she will have someone up there as soon as possible so the girl brought our hookah and then she left and didn't ask if we needed anything else and left I was like ok I guess but maybe she will be back she never came I gave her 30mins to return and she didn't so I went down stairs again and put my drink order in with Sara and she told me has anyone came by yet and I was like no just to drop off the hookah so then she pour my drinks and then I see her talking to the girl that drop off the hookah that was our waitress her name was (Sandy) she was being talk to by Sara that turns out to be the manager of the place so she comp my 2nd round of drinks but overall they have good service but JUST DON'T SIT IN SANDY SECTION YOU WON'T BE SERVED.......
1910 Magazine Street 
New Orleans, LA 70130Service is terrible, the hookahs were dirty, the servers were very rude. Never going back there again. That place is a nightmare !!!!The setting of the place is very nice . The service is trash. My friends and I waited almost 2 HOURS to get seen. I was beyond aggravated and probably won't be back again. This is disappointing. Don't come here if you expect fast/good service because you won't get it. Very BAD!!The voice in my head just spoke to me in the spirit of Fred Sanford "YOU BIG DUMMY!!!"Ive had better Mediterranean food from Krogers frozen food section. Ive had beef from around the world and Im sure that wasn't beef that they served me maybe garlic rubbed ground camel hump or space shuttle beef aka mystery meat for Jr. High school.
Maybe they are known for the Hookah. I stumbled upon the Hookah House walking to Halfmoon and I rolled the dice. KRAP OUT!
 (Voice Again) 
"YOU BIG DUMMY!!!" This is worst Mediterranean food Ive ever had in two life times.... I can't believe they served me salad with Wishbone dresssing in a container like it was house made and that was the best tasting thing on the plate. I kid you not my yellow rice was harder then finding a job. Asked me if I wanted to take the unfinished food with me....(YOU READING THIS MAKE A CRAZY FACE AND READ ON)  NO!!!!!! If I take it with me and throw it out Im scared that the local seagulls would get it and hunt my truck down and poka dot it for giving them such bad food.A little cool place outside of all the craziness of the French Quarters... lol like this used to be a house of some sort: really cool character; 2 stories, brick walls, plenty of TVs and relaxing ambiance. We were seated upstairs in a very cozy area with comfy couches, large TV. A
The place is clean, good air flow so we never felt stuffed w all the smoking. Service is a little slow. We ordered 2 appetizers and it took a loooong time for it to come out, but once out it was pretty good.... The mint tea was flavorful but waaay too sweet. Too sweet to drink for me, and I'm an avid tea drinker... 
The main attraction here, the hookahs! They very good. Flavorful, clean, nice flow and lasted a good 1.5-2 hrs... 
Overall makes for a good place to hang out w friends for food and hookah.Absolutely terrible food.  I signed up for Yelp just to rate this.  Do not, under any circumstances, get the gyro platter.  For 15 bucks, this "gyro" plate comes with dry yellow rice, salty hummus, and 5 strips of dried up gyro facsimile.  The "meat" is obviously not shaved off of roast on a spit, but rather, some cheap frozen DYI home gyro kit.  If I can figure out how to post pictures on Yelp, I'll put one up of this.  It's pitiful.  What a ripoff.The hostess was nice and our waiter was super friendly. We ended up just getting a beer and some hookah. The hookah-stoker (guy coming around with the coals and lighting the hookahs) was very friendly as well.
I want to give this place 4 stars, but the service was pretty slow and we sat under a leaky air vent,  so it felt like time was measured in water drops. But the music was pretty sweet because it was a playlist of catchy hip hop, some top 40, and some Mediterranean sounding tunes too, so I'd probably give this place a 3.5, of possible.
We mixed our hookah flavors and got berry-mint with lemon-mint and it was delicioussss.  
I could see myself going back for another visit.So my friends come & tell the waitress we have a party of 7. She's impatient and makes them get off the couch and sit at a small table where water or some fluid is leaking on us. When the rest of our party gets there they say they are out of couches or spaces to fit our party and they can't combine tables so we're separated. They then proceeded to continue to seat people at the table we told them water was leaking. They then got our tickets all messed up and included the gratuity in the total as if we had sat together as a party of seven. Throughout the night we weren't the only dissatisfied guest. The service is horrible hookah is mediocre at best. Don't waste your time or money.