I loved the atmosphere here. It was quiet, but not too quiet. The waiters and waitresses made casual conversation, but still checked to see that the customers were satisfied. It's a small place, but there seems to be plenty of room. Everyone that worked there was friendly and happy to help. The food was also delicious. I had the Crabby Wife, which I'd definitely recommend (with fried eggs) while my boyfriend had the chicken & waffles (get it with hot-sauce, syrup, and the sauce they provide you - it was fantastic!). Overall, it was great.Cute place, nice servers and good food but dish sizes are waaaaay too small. I left unsatisfied. I don't like it when restaurants are cheap with portions, especially neighborly ones!Cool, cute, friendly, but genuine.  Great atmosphere and service.  Helpful staff and a perfect location on the edge of things.  
And the food...  great.  My partner is an expatriate from NOLA, she and I are now living near San Francisco, and we came here *twice* for brunch over this past week.  (Granted, the second time was after the Ruby Slipper was too noisy ;).  I enjoyed the cornbread waffles, the Crabby Wife was complex and one of the most exciting brunch-y dishes I've had.  Yay for creativity and edge-pushing!The ambiance at brunch today was soothing and the spirits of the staff were uplifting. Great prices, abundance of great food, beautiful interior, and located in a great neighborhood.A great neighborhood restaurant with what has to be the best pancakes in town! Oh, and the bacon is awesome too!So we were strolling down Frenchman Street, which already is a more local hangout, and decided to just walk around the surrounding Marigny neighborhood (which was absolutely beautiful.) I am soooo glad that we did, because we happened across Horn's. The delicious smell coming out the door drew us in straight away. We were greeted by very friendly staff, and quickly seated on the patio overlooking the beautiful homes in the neighborhood. I was glad to see that their menu had a very nice selection of different foods. I ended up with the "Jewish coonass," which was absolutely AMAZING. The dish consisted of two potato latkes piled high with crawfish etoufee, each topped with a fried egg. I am craving it now!!!  My partner had the stuffed bell pepper and it was amazing as well. Very good prices, and also a good selection of craft cocktails as well. The next time we are in New Orleans (which I hope is soon) we will definitely be here again!!!Crazy good food. Not the fastest service but totally worth the wait. I had the savory spinach and mushroom bread pudding and it was ridiculously good. Probably the best coffee that I have had while in New Orleans. On top of that the prices are very inexpensive. A definite "must do" while in New Orleans.My daughter and I went for breakfast, everything was great, my daughter had the chicken and waffles, I has an omelet, besides the food being delicious this place has great coffee, I'm a coffee snob and I love the coffee, our waiter kept my cup full, by the way our service was fantastic. The waiter recommended the happy hour so we will certainly go back not only for breakfast but luch and eventaully happy hour. We used a groupon on this visit but will certainly make this place a regular, at least twicw a month.AaaaahhhhhMAZING!!!!! If you want the true flavor of New Orleans in a neighborhood diner full of ambiance... this is the place!!!
The sweet potato waffle is the best.... no wait, the pecan pancake - or maybe the banana pancake... and crab cakes... and chicken...  okay - it's ALL great!We had high hopes of this spot because of the photo I saw on Best Food New O Instagram page. Specifically, I came in for the Crawfish etouffee and grits(when I saw this photo, my mouth watered). I came in to try it but the grits were flavorless, even after adding cheese, salt and pepper. The etouffee itself was terrrrible; no flavor, no character, NOTHING. Worst dish I've EVER had in New O. 
When we asked how the grits were prepared, the server gave a spiel about grits being whatever you make them. Le No. That's why I'm here: for you to prepare them and wow me with culinary yumminess.
All in all, I will not return. There's so much potential with the dishes though, it made me sad.pretty great food. good environment. a lot of hipster foot traffic, which makes for great people watching.
i recommend the chicken and waffles.
the pulled pork on the couchon waffles are kinda bland and could stand a pinch of salt to match the savory and sweetness taste that comes with it, but still pretty goodDelicious food and excellent service. A must visit spot for brunch if you're in the area.Amazing brunch, and fabulous drinks! Staff is wonderful. We will be coming back every time we visit New Orleans. The Crabby Wife was the dish I got, and it was to die for!Our last day in NOLA we finally stumbled onto some actually pretty decent food. We only tried the pancakes and the pecan waffle, but they were tasty. The space is very pretty and the outdoor seating is nice. The service was a bit slow at first, but eventually picked up. My only complaint was that it cost $2.50 for a side of bacon, which was two tiny strips of bacon. Wish we had had more time to sample some other things here.Nice location with chairs and tables for outside dinning. I ordered the Cuban sandwich and while it may have been good, it was overwhelmed by the amount of Cajun mustard. Growing up in south florida I enjoy a good Cuban. This had the potential. I would definitely give horns a second try. The staff was friendly and welcoming.Horns gets one star for the waitress with the amber necklace... she was fabulous.  If not for her cheerful friendly demeanor and attention it would have been no stars.  Burned pancakes  that tasted sour.  The kitchen obviously didn't care about the product they sent out.Great place. Authentic feeling and delicious food. Short walk away from bourbon street which is nice to get away from the crowds and unpalatable smell. Great service. Highly recommended.Pretty much as others have described the place: quaint and has a neighborhood-ey feel.
Giving it three stars but it feels more like a meh (which yelp describes as the 2 star rating). while we got seated fairly quickly, the meal, by the time it came out, was cold.  Caveat it was fairly busy at the time, and the server was friendly and I'm assuming if we'd asked they would hopefully have had a microwave to heat it back up; but by the time the food arrived we really wanted to just eat and get going.
We got the chicken tenders on sweet potato waffle and the crawfish etouffee on grits. The etouffee especially would have probably tasted a lot better at least warm.
Felt for the level of service the prices were high, particularly the beverages.We were in NOLA for a week, staying close to Horns, which made it a perfect breakfast place for us.  The service was wonderful and the staff was very personable!  
On only our second visit, Pamela immediately brought the same drink order we had at our previous visit.  
Horns really has a home-town feel to it.
The menu is interesting. Maybe not a lot of choices for me, but I'm not from around here.  We just stuck to more basic items.
I recommend!I wish I could pack this place up and take it home with me. Great drinks, great food, and great staff. Atmosphere is kick-ass too! The food is basically modern interpretations of southern comfort food (and vegetarian friendly for my fellow veggies out there). Though it's a secret I kind of want to keep to myself, I can't give this place enough love.Our party of 6 came to brunch at Horn's and we were not disappointed 
 First off, my Mimosa was perfect with the right proportions and served in about an 8 Oz glass. Nice size that lasted through the meal. Rob had a waffle with pulled pork and declared it to be delicious.  Mike had the corn cake topped with crab and an egg i think and he loved his choice. Several of us chose the Crawfish etoufée (I had it on grits) and this was the only let-down. Not flavorful or spicy enough. BUT the biscuit that accompanied was delicious! Be sure to ask for biscuits!  Overall it was a lovely experience at a local neighborhood eatery.We were delighted to walk in and get seated right away. They have a very interesting cocktail menu and we enjoyed our drinks, which came very quickly. I had the Ice Queen, a little on the tart side but still refreshing in that NOLA humidity. We then waited over an hour for our food. I think they must have had some kitchen issues because we weren't the only table. We looked around an no one had food. Then all of a sudden several tables worth of food came out all at once. Alas, not ours. When it finally did come it was delicious. We split the meat pie and I wish we would have each gotten our own. The meat inside was seasoned nicely without too much heat. I had the grilled gulf fish with asparagus and potatoes. I'm not sure if this was a pro or a con because I do love butter but my whole plate was swimming in it. Needless to say I inhaled it. My husband had the BBQ Shrimp and grits and although not a fan of grits he enjoyed his as well. The grits to me had a weird flavor bit I'm a fan of bacon and butter in mine (see a trend in my eating habits?) so it may have been my own personal preferences getting in the way. If you are down in the area and want something not on the tourist beat it is worth a stop by at least for some drinks and apps!My boyfriend and I went here back in April for my birthday breakfast and we loved every little bit of it.  The building is quaint and cute, the service was great and even the patrons were laid back.  I got a mimosa and he got a tequila sunrise, both were well made, no 80% OJ 20% champagne stuff going on at Horn's.  For food, I got the Crabby Wife and he got the Jewish Coonass.  Both dishes were absolutely delicious and neither of us would have changed a thing, talk about filling and comforting. I'm not usually a biscuit fan, but event the biscuits at Horn's were good!  If we're in NOLA again, we'll definitely be back.Amazing food, great atmosphere. We sat at the bar due to a full house. The bartender, Mary was a bit uninviting. She told us we will be waiting a very long time if we ordered at the bar because the tables were first comers (which made absolutely no sense to us). Another couple sat on the side of us and they to received an uninviting welcome. We still ordered our food with Mary, where she again told us it was going to be a long time, but we did not change our minds. Our food came out at a reasonable time, leaving us a bit confused as to why she was lacking her customer service. We will be back for the food just not sit with the bartender. Dining out is all about the experience and we hope to have a better one next time.Literally the worst service. No one came to our table to take drink orders until like 11 minutes into our stay. They gave us brunch menus and then once we finally decided what we want, they told us brunch is no longer an option and we would have to wait 10 minutes for the dinner menu to go online. Then we waited another 5 minutes for coffee and 20 minutes for our food. then they added 20 percent to our 4 person table for tip though we were not planning on adding that much. AND THEN they sprayed the tables next to us with very strong chemicals. And THEN we waiting 10 more minutes for the check.Amazing bloody Mary! The entire menu looked delicious and I wish I could have tried it all! The atmosphere was spot on for a New Orleans breakfast, and the staff was friendly and inviting. Do yourself a flavor and check it out...you won't be disappointed!We've tried this place 3 times and each time it was just bad.  the food is burnt and overcooked. Service was okay.  this place is a huge NO for me.Uhmazing!! Use the Yelp deal and splurge! Heading back again today for dinner.  Yep, that's right, two days in a row! Oh that Italian Aperitif is so delicious.Great brunch ,love the new space,clean,and open,will be back for dinner sometime soon.We went here last night and i loved it!  The atmosphere was great and everyone was very welcoming. They have a list of fancy drinks that all sounded delicious,  but we opted for a couple of beers. The food was awesome!  I got the crawfish etoufee and my boyfriend got their chicken and waffles. We were both very satisfied with our meals and everything was fairly priced.  Will definitely come back again the next time we are in town.Any concerns we had about customer service from other reviewers were put to rest after we had St. Patrick's Day brunch at Horns this morning. The staff was incredibly friendly and very sweet towards our big German Shepherd, Jax. We felt he was constantly in their walk way, but they were more than accommodating to him and us. 
The service was excellent, friendly and festive on this drinking holiday. We enjoyed the Creole Slammer and Chicken Waffles, and wanted to try so much more on the menu. Will definitely visit again! Thank you folks!Worst brunch I have ever had!!! Waited one hour and ten minutes for our food. Our server said that they forgot to fix one of our orders so my food stayed in the window until they fixed the other plate. Everything on my plate was over cooked and cold. I showed her the pancake that was so hard you could here it crunch when I bit into it.She said she would comp my plate but when I got the bill it remained on it.Brisket and Grits! The Crabby Wife, Sweet Poato pancake! It's a must for everybody to eat here! Everything was INCREDIBLE!So glad we stumbled into this breakfast place that was a block from where we were staying.   Everything about it was great... location, ambiance, wait staff, and, oh..the food!  OK, so we had to wait a bit for a table, though it was worth it.  My friend was head-over-heals for the Savory bread pudding.  For me, it was the OMG worthy crawfish etouffee, served on top of grits.  Did I say OMG yet?   Really good coffee, and very friendly staff working there.  One warning, when they are busy as heck, service can be slow.  Go with patience, and all will be fine.The Cuban sandwich with the pulled pork / brisket was out of this world. So savory, juicy with perfect crunch in the bread. Definitely don't need the whole thing, would recommend splitting with a friend and getting fries or a side salad to share. But let's be real, the leftover version was just as divine. I think about this sandwich often... only deducting a star as I'm not super fond of the waitstaff here. I'm all for a good "hipster" waitstaff but not when you're going to act negligent to your patrons and mosey about while we only have an hour lunch break! It won't keep me from going back but definitely didn't appreciate that aspect!A complete wow.  My wife and I had lunch on a whim here recently with no expectations and walked away floored.  The casual and charming setting, the warm and friendly staff, and the simple yet full menu.
My better half went for the Tex Mex Slammer which ruled while I went Waffle Cochon and my eyes nearly rolled back into my head.  Every bite of my delectable dish crescendoed further into a successive 'shut ups' Elaine Benes style.
When I tell you this was the best dining experience I have had this year on par with a visit to Sylvain last year, take it to the bank.  Horn's has my heart and belly, and I cannot wait to return.This place is a little hit or miss.  There were three of us in our party, two really loved their food - however, my sandwich had obviously been under a heat lamp for a while.  The bread was dry and hard all of the way through. 
Pros:
Bloody Mary's -  spicy!!  So good!
Omelets were good 
Cons:
Incredibly slow service .. and when you got service.. it wasn't especially friendly
Inconsistent food quality, some good.. some not
Overall, OK here -  but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.Horn's is a Marigny neighborhood gem. Friendly, professional staff, a relaxed environment, and very good food. I like their brunch but really enjoy having dinner at Horn's. Their meatloaf is to die for and I love their chicken piccata with pasta Alfredo. I've been a dozen times and never had anything less than a very good experience.We sat outside, they are pet friendly. It was the best breakfast we had and I'm very much a breakfast person. The device was great and the food original.Ate the savory beignets (sweet potatoes and shrimp) with a nightly special of baked oysters with 4 cheeses with artichokes. It was Fabulous!!A very interesting replacement to the late night special LaPeniche. Horn's is a restaurant who's chef is one of my friends but on this occasion he was off and as I viewed the menu there were very few options. Saturday and Sunday are brunch days but I got there too late for that as they stop at 3pm. I did not want to order anything too outstanding since the head chef was not there so I got just a regular roast beef poboy featuring their house made beef daube. The sandwich was served on vietnamese style french bread and was very tasty but at $9 for just the sandwich and no side I thought that was a bit steep as the sandwich was not that big to stand alone. A great side would have been house made chips and then you could charge $10 with no problem. I assume that there are daily chef specials because the menu is a bit short and a tad over priced. Overall it seems that Horn's is one of these tweeners, white collar food in a blue collar style, but so far to be honest I long for the days of LaPaniche. I will be back for breakfast since that seems to be the most popular dishes served here or maybe a chef special or two.This place was great. It's hipster af and that can be annoying but I brought a couple friends and that made a big difference. The food and drink is sooo good. The cocktails are one of a kind and delicious. Spicy Louisiana spins on a few classic dishes. Brunch here is where it's at. So many places to eat in NEw Orleans that it's always a challenge to choose but you won't go wrong with a visit here.My wife and I stopped by here after passing it by from our Airbnb, and were thoroughly impressed. We had the Crabby Wife and the special of the day (oyster Benedict). It was delicious. The service from our waiter Addison was superb. He was very friendly, contagious laugh, and very attentive. It's not the cheapest place but we rank this as our top 3 spots since we've visited NOLA.Everyone I was with loved what we got. No problems with service or getting in. I had the crabby wife and loved itWell, I don't understand how we could order, the table next to us orders 3 minutes later, they get their food and are half done when we finally get ours (their order looked similar to ours, but there were 3 of them). Oh wait, we get ours, and it's cold! It was good, but would have been VERY good if it was at lead warm. I would have complained, but was with company and they weren't paying. I'd think twice about going there againhere's a hidden gem for you. super friendly, relaxed but excellent food (mostly). i have been for breakfast a few times, and throughly enjoyed it. went for lunch a few days ago, and while the Club sandwich was stellar, the BBQ shrimp po boy was really bland. both my friend and i were struck by how flavourless it was. added some siracha and it was fine, and really the rest of the place is so good, and they are soooo friendly, i'm totally willing to let this one slide and stick with the five stars.
dog friendly sidewalk seating too!Only the best southern comfort brunch food you can find. I'm so lucky to live just a few blocks away. The eggs dauphine is nothing short of amazing. Laid back service from locals who make you feel right at home. Plus they carry French Truck coffee. Definitely give this a place a try for brunch!This was a cute little place on the corner -- a no frills, affordable place to grab a bite to eat. They have a good selection of things for brunch and lunch. 
The BBQ shrimp po boy was huge and I loved the proportion of lettuce/tomato/pickles to the shrimp. However, the shrimp itself was a little too salty and I wanted a little spiciness on it. The potato chips and fries were great though! The fries were crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.Really good breakfast!!  Nice stroll off the beaten path to a neighborhood with beautiful architecture!  Large portions; great, friendly service!If you have a lot of time on your hands to wait for run of the mill food then this is the place.  Went there once and it took 30 minutes to get food but that was Saturday morning and the place was full so, ok, it's not Mickey D's amirite? But (sadly there is one) Monday morning with the place 1/2 full took almost an hour to get some really runny eggs, a cup of grits with a skin, and to be informed that the bagel with cream cheese we ordered was going to be plain because they were out of cream cheese. They comped the bagel.  Too many other really good places in the area to go back there.i went there recently on father's day. i had the Guatemala plate. right on the money. great food and service! i'll be back. and damn good coffee!I have walked by this place a bunch and thought it was super cute looking and had heard good things about it. So my boyfriend and I decided to go ahead and try it randomly. 
I got the Jewish Coonass which was AMAZING! So good. Unfortunately my boyfriend didn't luck out as well as I did. He ordered the Waffle Couchon. Not so good. The chimichurri sauce is not really a real chimichurri. And he was highly disappointed. However I loved what I got. 
The staff was friendly enough. And attentive as well. Very relaxed environment. 
I think I'll have to go there again with him and really try to figure out what are the good dishes they have.Food was decent - 
Bloody Mary - one of the worst bloodies I had during my time in NOLA. Might be me, but it was very horseradish-y and not at all spicy. tasted like cocktail sauce with vodka. I would pass on this if I were you
Eggs Dauphine - they overcooked the eggs (hard yolks) and the pork was really fatty - but it was still delicious. Would eat again.
Chicken and Waffles - sweet potato waffle tasted pretty bland/normal.  They didn't give us any syrup, maybe on purpose since it's served with a savory sauce but you can't eat this thing without it bc it's REAL dry.
Guatemalan - good. plantains are a nice touch but the rest is nothing to write home about: eggs, beans, tortilla. 
Service was okay - poor. Our waitress didn't stop by our table unless we intentionally flagged her down which we had to do to get silverware, coffee refills, syrup for pancakes, and hot sauce....so that was frustrating. 
Overall it might be a little overpriced for the quality of food and service. However still not a horrible option.Do not get the pancakes here!!! I ordered the Doc Horn which came with two eggs, pancakes, and sausage. Looking around at the other customers pancakes their food looked delicious so when I received my food I was very disappointed! My pancakes were not fluffy and or tasty at all. One of them was done to well border line burnt, I was very disappointed. I would still encourage someone who is interested in trying this location out to still go, my other friends loved what they got and were willing to go back so I think it is what I ordered.Back in NOLA for an event and wanted to try a different brunch spot and Horn's popped up. This place is amazeballs!! I ordered the Jewish Coonass with a mimosa and my boyfriend ordered French toast, cheese grits and plantains. The Jewish Coonass comes with a hash brown cake with carrots and hot sauce,I believe, spinach, topped with two over medium eggs (how I like my eggs) and crawfish étouffée. All these different flavors made me happy! The mimosa was $5 and it wasn't the skinny glass either, it was a nice size. They give you a lot of food and I was unable to finish mine, so my bf finished it for me. 
The service was great as well. Our waitress continued to fill our water glasses and answered any questions we had. We got there around 11:30 and there weren't many ppl there, but shortly afterwards, it started to get packed with customers.Fantastic brunch spot, friendly, fast service and delicious eggs Benedict! I tried another reviewer's recommendations of the Benedict plus spinach and avocado and it was a little too much lol, but heck I enjoyed every mouthful. Our drinks never got empty and the place has a pretty cute vibe. Would eat here again :)We ordered the eggs dauphine and oysters Benedict and grits etouffe. Wow. Everything was amazing. It's a great place for everyone to order something different and let everyone try. I drank a Blanche Devereaux, so if you're a golden girls fan, this is a must. Service was great, too.Well it's too bad because this place is off the beaten path in a neighborhood. However the service was awful and we waited an hour and fifteen minutes for our breakfast. Yes they were busy but that is unacceptable. To make matters worse my food came out cold and my wife got a substitution because they ran out of what she order. They didn't even ask if it was ok just brought the substitute. Very disappointing.May be my new favorite brunch place. I am a huge fan of Slim Goodies, which is I think owned by the same people. There are some of the same menu items, but what they've added is amazing.  I got the Guatemalan and of course it was delicious. My friend had the Waffle Cochon and it was delicious.  The waitstaff was more than friendly and service was quick. they split the check between three of us with no issues. But the part than won me over was the FULL BAR AND HANDCRAFTED COCKTAILS!!!!!!!!!  Yum.So many things to say about this place, particularly the OWNER. First off, they have no host so you have to put your name on a clipboard and sit there and watch it like a hawk. We went to Horn's for brunch right before we got on our plane to leave NOLA. We felt we had an amazing trip except for this place, here's why:
-This place is as small as a broom closet.
-Pretty sure our waitress was high as a kite. She tried to get us to leave by saying she had to go to another job. We weren't even close to being done.
-She didn't ask if we wanted our check split and when we asked her to split it she said she couldn't because it wasn't their policy. We asked another waitress and she said we could. When we confronted the waitress, she started to split it but then got the owner involved.
-The "nice" lady who said she was the owner came over to our table, informed us of the no split policy, told us "to get over it because she was the owner and that's just the way it is on Sundays". She then preceded to throw the book down on the table, say we needed to hurry up and leave because she needed the table.
Never have I had a manager/owner be so rude and tactless. She obviously cared little for our experience at her establishment. This "no split policy" was not listed on the menu, nor was the automatic gratuity policy. DON'T GO TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT IF YOU WANT TO BE TREATED WITH ANY DECENT HUMAN RESPECT. Personally, I think she thought because we looked like college students she could bully us, not know we were all graduate and law professionals. I would never spend money here again. The only good thing was a nice waitress who took care of us even though we were not her table and the food was pretty good.Charming little neighborhood spot you can sit out on the porch, interesting cocktails.A group of us are staying in NOLA for the weekend and stumbled upon this place for breakfast and loved it so much that we've been back two more times. The food is great and reasonably priced. The drinks were amazing and they have all day drink specials. I highly recommend stopping by this place. It is clearly full of locals and not touristy at all. The waiters are friendly and attentive. Great find!A stand-up breakfast finer.  Hearty, basic American breakfasts.  Owned by the same owners as Slim Goodies in uptown.  Horn's is within easy walking distance of the Frenchman Street music venues.  It is a neighborhood joint, with
A bistro atmosphere and excellent service.  Not a greasy-spoon, just good quality basic breakfast.  Opens early, compared to most French Quarter tourist area places.  Get some local culcha while you eat well.Had brunch here couple weeks ago.  I'm in town for few weeks so my friend who grew up in New Orleans brought me here. First the vibrational atmosphere felt upbeat and fun but not rush rush like some places and then you feel like eating fast and rushing out.   It was pleasant and kind.  I met the owner and head bartender.  They hold a presence that is palpable.  Folks here know them and It felt like they were the embodiment of Horns success and happy customers.  Authentic.  That's It!   They are so authentic and real.  It's more of what we all want to experience.   I had some kind of ginger-aide drink that was fresh pressed ginger.  If you like ginger this is a must try.  Very good.  I ordered eggs over easy with hash browns and rye toast.  Everything tasted fresh and eggs came out perfect.  This place isn't just about food.  If you are seeking a local food experience with local people who have experienced the rebirthing of this city go in and say hi.  Talk to them.  You won't be disappointed.This is my favorite neighborhood breafast hole.  My bacon is usually cooked to perfection.  You can get cold drip.  My daughter likes the pancakes.  It has a nice vibe.  No drama.  My go to breakfast is the guatamalan.  The jewish coonass is tasty.  Whatever you do, do not put the bbq sauce on the chicken and waffles.  Its grotesque.   Use the syrup.One of my favorite spots to eat in this city.  The food is on point all the time and everything on the menu is divine.  You can't go wrong!  Close your eyes and point- it will be delicious!  The drink menu is everything I could dream of and the cocktails intentionally pair well with the food menu.  I like sitting inside, but on a nice day you can people watch from the sidewalk tables or bring your dog.  Love love love Horn's.Have eaten at Horn's a couple times and the food has been fantastic, looking forward to another breakfast there before heading home.
Has a great local atmosphere and the staff is very friendly.
Bathroom is clean but small, yes that's important to some.
Give this place a try!Excellent corn waffle topped with pulled pork. Very friendly staff and located conveniently just off the major streets. Worth a visit if you want some place quiet and cozy.We went to Horn's twice on consecutive nights during our first NOLA visit in June. The first time we just wandered by en route to Frenchman Street and were coaxed in by the manager (owner?) and the second time we came on purpose. The folks are friendly, the ambiance is homey while also open and spacious and the food was delicious. In a town where every menu has much the same things, Horn's more limited but particularly well-crafted offerings were a welcome surprise. I HIGHLY recommend the chocolate pot of creme with olive oil and salt. It was unusual and sublime and I will never forget it.We fell in love with Horns - everything about it - the food, the atmosphere, the owners, the wait staff. 
Last weekend we were staying for a long weekend in a shotgun just 4 blocks away. After a long day of walking everywhere on Friday we wandered past Horns down to Frenchman but decided it was too crazy and came back to try Horns. Wow. We shared a salad, I had the shrimp and grits and my hubby had the trout almondine. SO SO good. Wine and Cocktails great too, and such a lovely server (Rochelle - who it turns out is from our neck of the words). 
Saturday Night we came back again with 4 other friends and a 1 year old, and sat outside. We could not have been made to feel more welcome. Our friends (NOLA and Baton Rouge based) were blown away - 3 of them are in the restaurant/bar industry. Rochelle served us again - woo hoo! 
Sunday Morning we ran into Kappa in Bicycle Named Desire while picking up our bikes - amazing lady! 
Then Monday morning we felt like we needed to make one more pilgrimage and came back for brekkie - Rochelle again, result! Great waffle, hash browns, and biscuits. 
This place makes us want to move to the Marigny. I don't think we've ever been to such a perfect neighborhood joint. Kudos to all involved. Miss you already!I cannot express what an incredible time we had here! The service was stellar, the food (brunch) was delicious-- it doesn't get any better!Horns is the classic New Orleans brunch with a killer bloody Maria and the best staff. Would highly recommend the chicken and waffles. Our waitress was a doll.Walked upon this restaurant while visiting Nola. Really good food selection. Excellent drinks. Love the chill vibe.Get a Bloody Mary, stay for the food. This was one of the best food spots we hit up on our trip to New Orleans. I'm glad we were tipped off to this place. Food was excellent and the brunch cocktails to die for. Not embarrassed to say we wanted to come back several more times.Had a great $3 French 75 (not too sweet, nice & tart) and fried shrimp poboy with homemade chips and it was all delicious. Great service and great atmosphere.I liked Horn's. I really just didn't think it was that bad! However, it wasn't outstanding, and I'm not dying to go back. 
I had the chicken plate (not sure what exactly it's called) which DELICIOUS zucchini side dishes. That was divine! The ladies that work here are nice. It's the kind of place you come to waste some time and have long, sprawling conversations. I wouldn't come here if you're trying to get in and out. The mac n cheese is so good. I ate all of my side :)
I haven't tried brunch yet, but I think I will sometime soon.This is my favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans! Everything is delicious. The service is also very good.3.6 stars. Above average fare. Leans more on the pricey side. Great atmosphere. Made me wish I grew up in a place where I could just simply walk a block over and fall into some good food and drinks. As you walk out, you immediately become part of a jazz parade, no matter the time of day. Kidding.. Our service left a little to be desired, I don't think we gave off the over tipping tourist vibe enough (even though we fit very much into that mold.) All in all, would recommend this place. They seem to accept all walks of people with open arms. We had the chicken and waffles. Did not disappoint.Horn's is hands down my favorite place for a home cooked meal in New Orleans. Their food is delicious, especially the New Orleans fare. The restaurant is cozy and unique and the service is great! I will always jump at the chance to have a healthy brunch, good coffee and to see my favorite servers!Food was awesome but service was terrible. I ordered the dauphine and cheese grits to share. It took about 45 mins to get the food and was then told they were out of grits. When I cut into my eggs Benedict, it was runny. I specifically asked for hard poached. I then was asked it I wanted her to just take them off. By then the runny egg was on most of my food. She took it back and they then took another 30 mins to get it to me. There was a couple that came in after I sent my food back that got their food before my replacement. Never at any point was I updated on when my food would come out. My group finished eating way before I got my food. I then awkwardly sat eating my food alone. When the check was brought back there wasn't even a slight adjustment or the food removed. I would totally have paid full price if the service was good but it wasn't. When I said something to the waitress she took off 20% which was a  joke. We paid and left. I'd love to go back for the food but I may not.