Always quiet when I've seen it, but always great sushi!
Their happy hour is no joke: 3-6 pm most days of the week, and sushi is $3.55 for 6 pieces, and the wine is a hearty pour. 
It's great to sit in the bar and watch a football game, or sit in the main dining room for a finer dining experience. Our waiter told us they are open until 2 am, so if you are ever in need for late night sushi, this is your spot!Came here on Lundi Gras for the happy hour... it was a great deal! We ordered nigiri for $1.25 each and hand rolls were $3. The fish was really fresh - I loved the salmon and white tuna. We also got the Playboy roll. It was raw but arrived in foil lit on fire... I didn't really like the smokey flavor but the roll itself was good.
We waited about 5 - 10 minutes to get seated, even though the place was not full. Our server was excellent, and the manager or owner went out of his way to entertain my friend's 3-year-old son. We watched a parade roll by out the window from our seats, which was cool. The specialty rolls were pricey so I recommend going during happy hour and mixing the HH menu with one or 2 rolls. Also, HH drinks were 2 for 1 and our server was really nice with reminding us when HH was over before we ordered.Im sorry ... Myb it just not for me , im from la , i know the taste of curry but this one,  it just like water, sugar  with coconuts milk . Service was bad , took so long to get my food n even my appetizer about to come out when im done with my food .I am a sushi fan and a big fan of Chinese food and Thai cuisine, so I would love a restaurant that combined the best of all these worlds. I don't think Hoshun does it for me.
It's not bad, the service is very good, the Thai iced tea delicious and the potstickers decent. But when this place is empty, as it was the Saturday I went there, it smells funny, like old mop water, and we were jammed in a table amidst a sea of unoccupied chairs when there were plenty of comfy booths available or tables by the windows looking out on St. Charles. 
The edamame had a strange hard texture and very little sea salt. My companion liked his chicken fried rice well enough, but not his chewy rainbow roll, while my Udon was terribly bland with doughy noodles. 
If Sushi Bros. had been open across the street, we definitely would have gone there instead.
I have heard that Hoshun throws a heck of a good party for groups in its cavernous upper floors complete with balcony access, which I am sure would be fun for a Mardi Gras celebration. But unless I am invited to that kind of shindig there, I probably won't be back.Service was great. I got the General Tso's with hot and sour, crab rangoon, and shrimp fried rice, which was fantastic, and my boyfriend enjoyed his yellowtail sushi roll. They have a good selection of beer and sake. Prices are decent. One of the best parts is they're open until 2am when most other places in the immediate area close by 10 or 11pm, and they deliver nearby. The atmosphere is interesting. Great decor with modern music.I love the crab rangoons! My brother and I came in for lunch and we requested that an appetizer be taken off of our bill because we didn't eat it & also it took a while to come out. Our waitress was very sweet and helpful but when she went to the owner(an Asian lady) to approve taking the appetizer off of our bill, the owner came over to our table in a very unprofessional manner! She screamed at us and slammed stuff around the restaurant. Needless to say, it was my second time at hoshun! :-( I will not be returning!!!!Love this place! We come atleast once a week. Best sushi in the city, great happy hour, and prices. Selection is great. Staff is so nice and welcoming.I don't dine in often but I get to-go orders from Hoshun all the time, at least once a week. I normally get off from work after midnight and this place stays open till 2 AM. The staff is always very sweet and my orders never take longer than 15 minutes tops. Their rolls are consistently delicious! I noticed the snowcrab is always different at every sushi place but I really like the one at Hoshun. I've dined in and tried some of their hot dishes and they're good as well. Very reasonably priced considering its location on St. Charles.In New Orleans for a few months for work, I was starting to get really tired of all the Cajun grub and DYING for some good chinese.  Yay, Hoshun!!
I wouldn't call it authentic, but food was good.  Place is decorated like a traditional tea house, with majogany chinese benches, fake jade pieces, and everything.  
We missed happy hour, which i hear is great, but still managed to feed 6 for under $150 (with drinks!).  
The five spice calamari ($10.50) was awesome as an appetizer to share! For entrees, most of us ordered the combo dinner ($12.95).  It comes with soup (I'd recommend hot & sour), a crab ragoon or eggroll, veggies, fried rice, and a dish of your choice.  Portions were huge. I had the shrimp and veggies combo which was good...but my neighbor's XO beef combo, and pumpkin seed duck looked DELICIOUS.
I'll be back to when craving Chinese goodness.Great food.  Nice sushi. Chinese is fresh and well done. Order the xo sauce.II love Hoshun. Although it may seem strange that they serve Chinese and sushi - its not. This is the perfect restaurant for my boyfriend and me. I love sushi, he's allergic to fish. He loves Chinese, I'm not a fan. Enter Hoshun, and we can finally agree on a restaurant. The sushi, both raw and cooked, is delicious. I love the Hard Rock Roll. The boyfriend says the Chinese is great.Super disappointed. I ordered delivery, general's tofu and veggie spring rolls. I was charged extra to sub tofu as I don't eat meat. I asked if the tofu could be fried crispy, was told yes. My food arrives an hour later. I'm told by the driver that I must come down to the lobby to get the food. Why am I paying a delivery charge and tipping if I can't even have the food brought to my door? Okay, I change out of my pajamas and go down to the lobby to get my food.
The tofu is not crispy, rather very soggy and lacking in flavor. The spring rolls are equally soggy as they have been on some type of greens for the entire time. Sooo...25 dollars before tip, I had to retrieve it from the lobby, and it's soggy and flavorless. Not happy.Again, they get extra love from me for being open really late and for being open when no one else seems to be.
I had a crazy pho craving at 10 pm one week night. No Vietnamese spots are open past 10 pm! I was frantically searching Yelp for any place that served pho that was open past 10 and Hoshun came up. Now, I like some of their Chinese offerings, but I wasn't a big fan of their Udon, so I had decided to stay away from the soupy things.
But I had to have my pho.
So I called and placed an order for takeout. Everything went smoothly. They packaged everything very well and I don't know if it was just my hunger or craving but the pho was pretty good. My only gripe was that they didn't pack any basil or jalapenos with my order. Aside from that, thank you, Hoshun, for being there for my unusual pho craving!This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Terrific food, wonderful drinks, beautiful atmosphere.  Classy but not fancy.  
I get the idea that the owners are Chinese, but they have damn good sushi chefs.  We usually order off the main menu but the sushi is excellent too.  I love their pot stickers - the owner told us they were his mother's recipe.
They have updated the menu a bit recently, and many of the entrées are available as "combos" with rice and an egg roll or crab rangoon.  Doesn't really matter to me, but I think it appeals to what more people in this area are used to.
Even the simple dishes are fantastic.  Last night I had beef with broccoli.  My boyfriend favors the dry-rub ribs.
The drinks are a little pricey but totally worth it!  I recommend the pear martini.
No dessert menu, but they usually have a couple different cakes to choose from.Very inconsistent & kinda pricy for what it is .... Some dishes are great and some nasty . Do not !!! order the pad Thai or the orange peel shrimp , I love those dishes at other places but not here ! The wonton soup & Ginger shrimp are great though ! I mostly order from them because they deliver late and that's what saves them in my book .I've been here probably about 20 times over the past two years; mainly because of the conveinience.  They stay open until 2 am.  This place is pretty awesome for the service industry, and late at night, that's mainly what you see.  They're not very consistent.  Sometimes the food's awesome and sometimes it's okay at best.  The service is the same.  The drinks I've had have never been great but okay.  The sake is good, but hard to mess up....they do run out of glasses often though.  One point I really don't like is that they open your bottle of wine at the bar and bring it to you in glasses, already.  If I'm going to buy an expensive bottle of wine I'd like to make sure I know exactly what I'm getting.  The being said, they have an extensive menu and is a much better option than the bar food that's readily availible to the service industry late at night.I've had better food at a cheap buffet. 
I go here every once in a while because a friend really likes it and I don't want to be rude when we hang out.  Other than that I try to avoid it, which isn't hard, as there's really, really good sushi directly across the street at Sushi Brothers. 
Three good things about this place:
1. It's a pretty place to sit.
2. The happy hour: sake specials you get tipsy and you pay less for food, so you don't mind eating mediocre sushi as much.
3. They're open until 2am, so when you're already in your cups and everything else is closed, you can use your alcohol-fueled lack of taste to shovel down something that's a bit better for you than Burger King. 
Although honestly, Burger King tastes better. 
I don't mean to be mean about it, but I've been there almost a dozen times and each visit is less impressive than the one before. The customer service is often lackluster. Most of the times I've been,  we've had to wait a really long time to get food, and then it was like pulling teeth to even find the server once the food was dropped off.   I learned to stay away from their sushi,  and I'm not a huge fan of most Chinese restaurant offerings save for soup, so I ordered Hot & Sour soup. They even messed up the soup. How do you mess up Hot & Sour soup?! 
It's just disappointing every time. The next time my friend suggests meeting up at Hoshun, I might have to suggest we go for Italian.Excellent sushi awaits you at Hoshun! It's fresh, it's flavorful, and if you go during happy hour it's cheap too. If you're really hungry, go in for some Hoshun J-Pops (a clever name for delicious jalapeno poppers) and crab rangoons to start.  The service is friendly and the space is comfortable. You'll not be disappointed.Got sick with food poisoning from the salmon sashimi. I ordered a tuna handroll, got a tuna roll with a side cucumber handroll... NOT what i ordered. The fish was so sour, i could only eat one bite of each. The check took forever to come. I LOVE sushi and i HATED the fish here... im  still sick from it. HORRIBLE experience will NEVER go back! This place RUINED my trip to New Orleans.We tried to order food from here, but the horrible service got in the way.
In an attempt to place an order, my colleagues and I called the restaurant three times in a row and each time was put on hold for a few minutes and subsequently hung up on.  The fourth time I called, I implored that the woman just take my order immediately rather than putting me on hold, after which she still put me on hold and then told me they don't deliver to our hotel.  When I told her the concierge said otherwise, she changed her mind, but at that point I was so flustered I didn't want to give her my business.
Through it all, she never apologized for hanging up on me so many times and being so rude.  Total loss of business for no good reason.I get really excited when I see good reviews about Hoshun because it's deserving. For one, they open late (till 2 A.M.). And their extensive selection of food is amazing considering there's Japanese, Chinese, and Vietnamese! 
I always start with their crab rangoons & fried calamari. My siblings love cream cheese and they add a very generous amount of cream cheese. The calamari is also great. Add a squeeze of lemon to make it a bit tangy with the salt/pepper. For sushi, my favorite it's the surf&turf roll as well as the Buddha belly roll. While the surf and turf roll is recommended for those who don't eat raw fish, I think the Buddha belly roll speaks for itself. The roll is HUGE. Most of the time it takes me two bites to eat one. For entrees, anything from the butter pepper filet to generals chicken is good. I also recommend trying the wonton soup. 
Service here is excellent. Servers are fast and friendly. Never a dull moment. Prices are fine to me. In my opinion, you get what you pay for. It's all about quality over quantity. 
For those who want to accommodate big parties such as birthdays, baby showers, or engagement parties, there is a party room upstairs that is big enough for at least 75 people. The nice balcony with a view of St. Charles is a plus. Definitely have to party up there at least once, it's great!The place was just okay. I loved the atmosphere. The food was not the best. It was mediocre chinese food which really disappointed me since this was the place I took my fiancé to eat for his birthday. The hot and sour soup was great, sweet and sour chicken lacked seasoning, the fried rice had very little flavor. I did get a sushi roll (super dome roll) that was pretty good. The cajun spring rolls sounded so good but really disappointed us. Our server was very good though. Not a place we'll be returning to. Oh well, never know until you try.There is so much good food in New Orleans. Why eat here? Eater pointed me to this place as a late night spot. And I appreciate that they are open till two. That's how I justify one star. The sizzling squid was drowning in burned sauce. In fact everything here was put to death with sauce. Lighten up on it folks.
The playboy roll "lit on fire at the table" was simply wrapped in foil and passed over a flame. Proper wording would be "gently heated at the table and charging you extra for being stupid". (See video I posted). 
This place is the Denny's of Asian food. My grocery store has better sushi (I really mean that). 
Everyone else seemed to be enjoying themselves so if this is your style of sushi, enjoy.We were in for a visit from out of town and we're craving some Asian food, so we decided to give Hoshun a try. I liked the happy hour pricing, easily making any of our choices more than worth the visit. The General Tso's Chicken and Pad Thai were great, and I would definitely go back just to get more of those potstickers. Our waitress told us how the potstickers are all homemade and made fresh. Our waitress was very sweet and friendly, paying great attention not only to our table but all of her customers. The location was great, right off the streetcar line and not too far from our hotel.Love the fried rice and the sweet-and-sour chicken!
Some of the best fried rice in town.If you're looking for a fusion place that's open late-night, this is your choice! The prices are low and they serve a huge array of items. It's not the best fusion food you'll encounter, but it satisfies the taste buds.Hoshun is a great sushi/Chinese option in town. I love a couple of things about them:
1. They are open till 2 am....I think I would enjoy having sushi as a drunk food option.
2. They also have combination platters, such as sweet and sour chicken, that Coke with rice, soup, and Rangoon. Yum!
3. They have their own parking lot.
4. The decor is modern and fun
5. Pretty decent happy hour 7 days a week.
Only downfall is no split checks. Womp womp.I visit Hoshun every so often when I have the opportunity to take a long lunch. They're in a convenient location on St. Charles and the decor and atmosphere inside of the restaurant is very nice. I like that they have free parking around back because finding parking on St. Charles can sometimes be tricky. I've never visited this restaurant at dinner so I can't say what things are like at that time, but the service I've recieved here at lunch has been hit or miss- I've had everything from outstanding to subpar service. However, there are two reasons I continue to visit Hosun- the Crab Rangoon and the Sweet Thai Chili Chicken. The flavor of the filling is delicious, and the ratio of the smooth filling to crispy exterior on the crab rangoons is perfect! Then there's the Sweet Thai Chili Chicken- thin pieces of white meat chicken fried to perfection with a side of white or fried rice (your choice!) and an eggroll. The Sweet Thai Chili sauce comes with both the crab rangoon and the chicken and is not to be missed! It's essential to both dishes, and I'm pretty sure it's one of the sauces that would be amazing on anything. Other items I've tried here include the egg drop soup, which was pretty standard- nothing spectacular, but nothing to complain about- and the salt and pepper shrimp, which was just okay. The portion sizes are large, and I always have leftovers to take home. They're open daily until 2 am, and deliver until 1 am for those late night Asian cuisine cravings! Give them a try and see what you think!We liked the atomosphere- minus the fact that the booth was a little unstable so whenever the person behind me moved it would rock. 
The lock on that bathroom stall that Suzanne mentioned still hasn't been fixed.
It was pretty cold where we were sitting because the door kept opening and closing, but had i know we just would have sat further from the front door.
My husband liked the seaweed salad (a huge portion!) and his sushi. I ordered some combo fried rice from the happy hour menu and I got a huge, HUGE plate of chicken, rice and vegetables. But it wasn't really all that tasty and it left us wanting some "real" chinese food. 
Overall, it wasn't bad, and the location was right for us, but I wouldn't go again- it wasn't good either.I didn't hesitate to accept the concierge's recommendation of Hoshun since I had an adamant vegetarian in my traveling for work party who pointed it out all week.  Originally from California, I welcome restaurants described as Asian-Fusion.
The good: the entrance, I guess.  Also, the large menu.  Normally I despise large menus because good restaurants tend to know what they want to do well and do those things well.  Large menus are a sign of "we don't do anything well."
I haven't sampled enough of the menu, but it did not appear Hoshun did anything well, only decent.  I had the calamari, cajun eggrolls, and soft shell crab.  All were decent.  
Small sample size?  Yes, small sample size.  Confident in my decision?  Confident in my decision.  The dozen dinner places I've been to in New Orleans have all been better.  I'd recommend making the menu more small, and incorporating seasonal seafood and other local dishes as part of the fusion.Dine here regularly, food is always great and friendly service. Whole steamed fish is delicious! We had Fried calamari, salty fish fried rice, black mussel, Thai beef salad, jalapeño popper and more and more haha, really good.Hoshun is a perfect example of why I should listen to Yelp reviews.
This was my second trip to Hoshun. On my first try, I couldn't get in because a parade was passing in front. I was determined to try it again, and on my most recent attempt, I got in.
Prior to my visit, I read several Yelp reviews. The reviews suggested the special rolls, but I didn't listen since I am occasionally hard-headed. 
I decided i would try the three roll lunch special which was $11.50. That seemed to be a pretty good bargain and there were around ten different rolls to choose from. My choices were the spicy crawfish, spicy tuna and spicy salmon rolls. The rolls were good, but not great. I am not sure what makes a roll better than another, but I have had better at other local restaurants.
Service was very good. Our server was attentive and friendly. He even made recommendations for future visits.
I will return to Hoshun for another try, but next time I will listen to my fellow yelpers and stick with the specialty rolls.Okay I'm updating my review because Hoshun is legit. The food is always fresh and omg the selection is endless. Most importantly,  the hours make it the easiest late night option when you're not in a drive thru mood.  I love the Cajun egg rolls omg they're perfectly seasoned and just the right size. I love the shrimp fried rice and the general joe chicken also.This gets five stars for saving me on late nights when I was craving sushi. The Ichigo Roll is the bomb. Only order the Wasabi Bomb if you want to feel like your whole being is dying.We are local regulars. Service is excellent and the bartender makes a famous quail bomb using sake, ponzu, chili, and quail egg on the side!  Also try the ichigo roll. Strawberries, champagne, and raw fish. Yes, please!I am coming to realize that perhaps NOLA doesn't have any good chinese food?  The soup tasted distinctly of MSG. The Beef L'Orange was 6-8 layers of beef that had each been dipped in batter but was fried as one big chunk.  Consequently, in between the slices was all mushy.  The beef was too tender leading me to believe they used meat tenderizer- bleah.  The sushi roll I got touted "topped with snow crab" but was actually topped with imitation "krab".  All in all, a forget-able experience.Not impressed. May have just ordered the wrong thing but not only was it overpriced for the quality but I felt as though I was being put through the motions by the server, meaning I was "just another table".They serve sushi and they're open till 2am...that's a solid 3 stars right there. 
I usually pick up sushi from here at around 1am when the attack of the munchies happens. It's always packed around that time. The service is excellent as well...attentive yet not pushy.
I got the miso soup and a California roll on my latest visit and they both were very filling. The California roll tasted  a bit strange...like it had been prepped and stored for a few hours but it could be my mind playing tricks on me. Overall, cool place.We were desperately searching for a place to have dinner on Christmas since most restaurants were closed... We came to this place and the food was actually good! 
The service was way too slow...  It took about 20minutes for us to get the water and after we finished the food another 30minutes passed by before the check came......  The waitress seemed new.This is hands down the best Chinese food in town. The sushi is always fresh and and adds a Choice you don't find it in your average Chinese restaurant.Every time I visit New Orleans, wheter it is an early afternoon flight or a late night flight, I have made it tradition to come in for guaranteed delicious sushi, bbq pork, a stiff lychee martini, and great service. Highly recommend if you're looking for a casual atmoshphere and New Orleans smiles!Had a birthday party here over the weekend.. The staff was able to handle a late night group of 15 was able to keep the drinks and appraisers (5 Pepper Calamari!) and food coming!  I highly recommend.Since my brother claimed that Hoshun has the best Chinese food in New Orleans. So I brought the whole family there. The service was quick. Staffs were very nice and friendly the food was just OKAY.  Still coming back if only I'm in the area. I guess my brother was just over acted ;3I used to like this place until I went about a month back and it was awful. My waitress disappeared for almost 25 minutes even though I was the only table in the resturaunt. I ordered an iced green tea and it was really bad and then asked my waitress to replace it with a water and she was very hesitant to take it off the bill even when I only tasted had one sip. The food is mediocre as well, I gave my left overs to a homeless person on my way home. I'll probably only ever come back next time I'm in New Orleans craving sushi at 1am.This restaurant had a very good atmosphere. The food was amazing. My favorite dish was "Hoshun's Treasure" It was one of the best rolls I've ever tasted.First time here during Mardi Gras , the service was great, the food was delicious I am in love with the crawfish roll and their wingsI've been coming here for a while and I order the surf&turf roll often but for the first time I got it to-go and I'm pretty disappointed in how much smaller it is. I don't like spending $20 on dinner and then having to go find somethin to eat afterOrdered the streetcar roll & lots ofor delivery, it took over an hour to get to us on canal st. Kind of disappointed by that. Sushi was great, rangoons were ice cold. The Thai chili sauce is easily the best thing I've ever tasted, and it's so much better on the roll than the mayo champagne sauce. Will order again. I pray that I don't get cold rangoons!!!We stayed at a hotel a few blocks from this eatery. We arrived after 10pm and were quite concerned as to whether we'd be able to find somewhere to eat, especially somewhere my mom and I (both ovo-lacto vegetarians) would be able to have food selections.
Hoshun totally delivered! They had a small selection of vegetarian choices on the menu, but when I asked our server he said the kitchen would be willing to make almost any item with tofu instead of meat. We had a tasty meal AND they had a full bar with great drinks. Who could ask for more??Great for a late night sushi craving!Food wasn't half bad.. Wasn't the best Japanese or sushi I've have before but not the worst. 
Service was very slow it took at least 45 minutes for them to serve SUSHI and egg rolls. I'm not in a rush to return to the restaurant at all.Extra star for all the extra options on their menu and being open til 2am. There's a little bit of everything... sushi, thai dishes, chinese..
Whats good: Ginger Salad, Wontons, BBQ Pork, J Pops, Baked Salmon, Playboy Roll. 
Good happy hour specials. Nice decor, great place to meet friends.Love this place. I'm there probably twice a week for late night takeout. If you're around LGD area (or anywhere, really) and need late night food and you don't want a sketchy 1am bacon burger from you-know-where, this is your place. The late night staff NEVER judges you for showing up in your pajamas on a Saturday night to pick up your 3-roll sushi special. The staff is exceedingly kind, the 2 ladies who switch off as hostess are so sweet and the sushi is always fresh. Also, the beef pho and the yaki udon are solid.Stopped in early on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty. I ordered the fried dumplings and my son ordered a cali roll for our apps. They were probably the best we ever had. Dumplings were made fresh with thin dough, not that heavy stuff the junky places use. We then had some Mongolian Beef and Lo mein. Once again, they surprised us with excellent entrees and great service. Would highly recommend.Sort of disappointing. First- the server gave me the wrong order of sushi. After that, we got our food, it smelled great and then I found a hair in my food. When I told the server, he apologized and then asked if I would like it boxed up.. why would I want my food that I found a hair in boxed up?
I do appreciate the manager taking my meal because not many places would do that.Omfg spicy tuna salad!
If ever there was something that filled every last crack in my heart at first bite it was this.  If you come here, try the spicy tuna salad!!!!!!
I had the PHO which was quite lovely, perfect as I was getting over a cold and nothing manages that task better than some good pho. 
The drinks were great as well, I had a mai-tai and some tokyo tea, the tokyo tea pretty much put me on my ass so that was fun and refreshing to find in a restaurant drink. 
It also made the walk back to the hotel quite bracing. 
Tried the "cajun spring rolls" and was sad. Super fried (no problem there as it was described as fried) but also very small, so there was not nearly enough meat and what not in the middle to justify the experience.  
All in all though, it was good!Went to Hoshun last night and like always, great food and service! George was incredible. The best dish in my opinion is the Uptown Streetcar Roll. Definitely worth it.Foods good actually. Never had an issue with the food or the service. I been to Hoshun quite often. Not like week after week but a good amount of times within the last 4 years. I love the salt and pepper calamari. That's my fav, and the potstickers! Was not feeling the Mongolian Beef.. It was full of sliced onions.. More onions than beef that night, I feel. Beef l'orange isn't bad. I lurve their pho ga bc the chicken isn't dry. I HATE DRY CHICKEN. I'm quite surprised but yeah their Pho Ga is pretty good. Baked Salmon is good too. There rolls are also not bad either. There's really nothing bad I can say about their food and service. That bathroom tho, son. Meehhhh.Happy hour is great here. However I am severely disappointed with the Pad Thai take out I recently got. It had absolutely zero flavor. None! Correction, it had flavor, but tasted more like Italian Spaghetti.Open late and the food is super quick and good. My one complaint would be that it's overpriced compared to other Chinese and Asian restaurants in the surrounding area.3/5 it wasn't great, wasn't bad - all too oily
given the availability of good asian (fusion *cringes*) here in nola, hoshun isn't a horrible choice. our waiter didn't quite sell us on the raw offerings (no one wants to hear "it's one of the fresher options"...so some are not fresh...?), but the cooked items weren't bad. my pad thai was a nuclear red color, like seriously did we go out of way to color this? my friend got a lo mein that was too oily, but had a great garlic taste that was so satisfying. we also tried the calamari app, which was fried just a little too long (some pieces were tougher than others), but i liked the preparation tossed in peppers and garlic (not as much a fan of the sriracha sweet chili sauce combo).
overall, for what nola has, it's an option.Always excellent service, although I'm partial to the casual elegance in the bar area. The sushi is good & late night sushi & drink specials entice. The decor is nicely designed with lots of detail. My only concern is with the regular maintenance of the decor & bathroom areas. I hate to say it, but you guys could use some extra cleaning. Just saying! But, I will be back. Hopefully to see these changes as well. We will see!Stopped here on a Friday night during a random girl's trip to NOLA and the place has a pretty decent menu with reasonable prices for the city! 
Pro: It's open until 2am and my shrimp lo menu was hot and delicious. The dining room is nice and can accommodate a large party size. The Playboy Roll was also a fan-favorite because they hear it with fire at the table before serving!
Con: My friend's sushi was mushy and the "spicy" value added to the rolls was a dollop of Siracha sauce in top.
***Note: When addressing the situation with my friend's order not being up to standard, the manager, Mickey, was very combative and unapologetic. After addressing him in a very respectful way, we were shut down and made to feel that our concerns were not valid. As someone who works in customer service, this exchange was very inappropriate and disappointing.
Overall, the food was good, but the restaurant has management issues that should be addressed.Try the happy hour small $2.00 Sake.Lord that stuff was so strong i would hate to see the $4.00 Sake lol but if you want to take someone to a nice place for Asian food.This place will definitely be the spot to hand out on a first date or just to chill. 3ppl drinks,Sake,and lots of food was $48.00. Go see for yourself.I took my lady here last night for her birthday. We shared the Black Mussels as an appetizer. They were fantastic big mussels rich in flavor. 
I had the smoked salmon and yellowtail hand rolls with fresh Wasabi and I was very impressed. That was the best rolls I've ever had. Their sushi is truly one of the best. For my entree I had the Sweet Thai chili chicken dish with fried rice substitute for the white rice. It was pretty good as well. 
My Lady had the Miso Soup and for her entree she had the Salt & Pepper Shrimp Dish. She said the Miso soup was the best she's had and that it was full of flavor. And she loved her Entree as well. 
Overall my 1st experience with Hoshun was a complete success. I will be making repeat visits and to think they are open all the way to 2am. The only thing that sucked was the parking. On a different website (www.nomenu.com) the restauranteur who reviewed Hoshun said that they offer free valet parking. I saw no such service there last night and I forgot to ask them about it. I guess that's something you can just call them over the phone and ask. I don't think they do that anymore so he needs to update his website.I came to this location around midnight on a Saturday and it was not crowded at all. The hosts and wait staff were very polite. The waitress was amazing. My food came out really quickly and was pretty good. I got a crunchy roll, crab salad, and baked salmon. Everything was great except the baked salmon being very dry and hard. I would probably return the next time I crave Japanese food in New Orleans.There are a few things about Hoshun that I like. The shrimp and cream cheese appetizer that comes with the combo lunch plate is so delicious. I need to get an order of these as my lunch!
They used to have THE BEST egg drop soup in town. They have now changed their recipe and it is still good, but it is not THE BEST like it used to be. It is more diluted and less flavorful now. It used to be very thick and yummy. 
My friend and I each got a chicken combo lunch plate with fried rice. I got Mandarin chicken and she got sweet and sour. What they put in front of me was chunks of dry white meat with no batter. Hers were thin fried pieces. I asked the waiter why ours were different and he said that's how it comes. I said the chunks were too thick and dry and he brought me a new plate of the thin fried chicken pieces. They were kind of oily and flavorless, but I appreciated them re-making it for me with no hassle.
Their Pad Thai is a weird red color as others have said, but it's not bad. I also had their Thai curry soup once, it had a very good flavor and it was a huge portion. I think I had the sushi combo plate once, nothing to write home about but no complaints either.
This is good place for a compromise, when you are with several people who want different types of cuisine.Pretty good restaurant. The Tokyo tea was nice, and string :-)
Went there in search for good Chinese and we found it.. Overall the experience was pleasant, we were seated fairly quickly, considering it was weeknight days before Christmas..
We asked for the J pops in appetizers, they do turn hot towards the end but nice flavor..
In main course, we asked for chicken and asparagus in xo sauce, garden veggie delights and house lo mein...
Yes yes, you much food and we had to doggie bag a lot because their portion sizes are huge,...
The food was very appetizing to look at, delicious and the service impeccable... 
Highly recommended!I live right down the street and am righting a review based on our most recent experience. We ordered two orders of General Tso chicken with fried rice and a spring roll for pick up. When I got home I discovered that the chicken was covered in a ketchup like sauce with a hint of BBQ. The fried rice was simply brown rice with scrambled egg. There were no vegetables in either order, and mine had two small shrimp. I called the restaurant and asked if they are doing something different or if they have a new chef. The owner/manager yelled at me over the phone and said "What you want me to do give you more fried rice?" I politely told her no I just wanted to inform you of a substandard meal and I will not be returning. She said ok bye. Lot top it all off, we didn't even get a fortune cookie. This place appears to be a fancy Asian blend restaurant, but I have had better Chinese food in malls and grocery stores. I would not recommend, as every time I am disappointed with this place. Much better options for good food in the Bug Easy, so don't waste your money here.A few weeks ago , I had lunch at Hoshun . I found the food to be a bit over-priced ,however the service was awesome . So I didn't feel the need to write a review about the prices because over-priced sushi is nothing new .
 On last week I decided to order in from Hoshun,  the total was 45.00$ .I paid over the phone , which was no big deal .  I waited for over 90 mins for the delivery , only to find that they forgot 2 items . 
The next day I checked my credit card transaction history online , and found  a transaction for 56.00$ from Hoshun's restaurant . The representative from my credit card company said that 45$ was originally charged to the card ,but 2 hrs later an additional authorization of 11 dollars was added to the transaction. I believe the delivery driver decided to take an extra tip , after I gave him 8$ at my front door. I've called the restaurant on 3 different occasions and every time I call the manager is not in . I feel violated , mediocre service and tasteless sushi is one thing , but  stealing is totally unacceptable.  Please BEWARE I would hate for this to happen to anyone else .....
I will never eat at this place again .........Not even close to good chinese take-out.  Terrible food, over-priced, took 1 hour to get here.
Over-fried
Couldn't even stomach the food
No flavor
Spicy dish wasn't even close to spicy
Shrimp had a funky gulf taste
paid $30 to for a delivery meal where all I could stomach was the edamame, and even that was not the best.  
1 star for friendly delivery man and woman who took my order on the phoneI love to come here whenever I crave sushi on a late night. Hoshun closes  at 2am. You must try their HAMACHI KAMA n their Buddha belly roll.We really WANTED to like thus place, unfortunatly we could not. Two of us arrived at 8:15pm, waited 5 minutes to be seated by the hostess who was trapped by a very needy customer on the phone. Nice decor and looks clean and recently renovated. We ordered a water, a Miller Lite, and their Malbec. The Miller came back with a distasteful salty flavor on the tip. The manager kindly replaced it with a fresh one. For starters we ordered a spicy crawfish roll, an egg drop soup, and a miso soup. While the soup was a good sized portion, both were very bland and the roll was very poorly rolled. For our entrées, we ordered the pepper steak combination platter and the chicken and vegetables combination platter substituting sweet and sour sauce for the brown sauce. We both got shrimp fried rice, and the crab ragoon options. The pepper steak was okay, though nothing we couldn't get for have the price and equal quality at a cheap delivery place for $5. Similar with the chicken and vegetables. The rice tasted funky. No other word to describe the flavor other than funky. 
The only thing either of us enjoyed was the crab ragoon. I finally got my water when we asked for our boxes. (For $50, we were going to finish it, even if it was below par.)
While the service was great, the manager checked on us twice and our server delt with my questions without a blink, the service could not make up for the low quality of their food.
I have no intention of returning and do not recommend this to anyone.This is my favorite egg drop soup and fried rice in New Orleans. Those are my staples when I eat Chinese food, they're my comfort foods, and Hoshun has the best.My experiences here are always very strange. The happy hour specials are pretty good, and it is a great place to go if you have a large group. The service varies, but is generally okay, as does the quality of the food from dish to dish. It's a good late night place, and does have a LOT of variety, so if your party can't decide on where to go, this is a great compromise.Hoshun has 2 really big things going for it. It has a large menu and it's opend till 2. Great for industry workers. It has fairly easy, free parking, decent drink prices and I love Mick and his sister cynthia. Waiters are sometimes a miss. I have to be honest, but Mick is always there to fix any issue that might arise. Who am I kidding. I'm addicted to the place.Food is very good, but quite overpriced. The service is always poor. After a handful of meals from Hoshun*s I decided they no longer deserve my business.The food here is pretty good and you can find some familiar authentic Chinese dishes here. Some of them are not prepared in the most authentic way, but still very tasty nonetheless (i've eaten Chinese food all over the US and in China. They also have a very large selection on their menu even outside of Chinese food (i.e. Japanese), and the atmosphere is great... especially since they open late at night.I've been here many times after a long night since they don't close til 2 and am usually pretty satisfied. But yesterday, idk. I couldn't give them any more than 3 stars after my experience. 
Called to check if they had uni. They did. Hooray!
Came in. Ordered two uni sashimi, a large sake, and a mango sorbet. So beyond disappointed. Their uni had gone bad! And they still served it to us. Couldn't get the taste out of my mouth even after drinking the hot sake and swishing my mouth with water. So disgusting. They did take it off our bill though. That's why they get three stars instead of two. Lucky you.Try the cajun egg rolls!  Also the bar manager (I think his name was George) is amazing, so passionate about his job.