Came here for the view after the bellman suggested we stop in for a drink. Came back on our last night after enjoying the French Quarter. There is a dedicated elevator that brings guests directly up to the roof. The door or "elevator" man was pretty funny as the girls in the elevator with us commented on his pretentious attitude. Expected from a doorman at a swanky spot like this. Only enjoyed one drink but enjoyed the view and the crowd was lively. Also had some great music which I expect was from a DJ.This place has the most beautiful view in town and some incredible cocktails! I loved the vibes and the fun atmosphere. Customer service left something to be desired.Cool lounge bar with a spectacular view of downtown NOLA. The drinks are good but a bit pricey but then someone has to pay for that view.THIS. VIEW. IS. AMAZING. If you want to see the BEST view of New Orleans AND have amazing drinks come here. Also, request Zack and Joe, they are the best bartenders. Their the friendliest guys ever. They were very helpful and well educated with whatever questions we had! This is a must visit place when in NOLA! I'm definitely going to make this a stop when I come back into town!What an incredible place for a drink at sunset! In the recently renovated Pontchartrain Hotel this is an iconic New Orleans spot on St.Charles and we'll worth the visit.
The bar is rooftop with another off the Lobby if a trip upstairs isn't desired.
Both are southern inspired and beautiful.
We sat right at the deck edge, outside, with a sweeping view of downtown, the bridge, and the mighty Mississippi.
Having martinis in classic etched wine glasses was so much nicer than the typical martini glass.
Loved all of it.This bar has an interesting space on the roof of the Pontchartrain Hotel with two great outdoor spots with wonderful views of downtown, the CCC, Garden District, etc.  
Tonight it was crowded and noisy with a mix from young and casual to older and a bit dressed up.  The bar was running behind, but my martini was exactly as I had ordered it when it finally arrived.  The manager jumped right in to assist when he saw that servers were so busy.
The Terrace was much quieter than inside.  Met some very nice people there, including first reviewer Martin T.
No food at present, but small plates are supposedly coming.
Suggestion - wait for the elevator which goes to floor 14 rather than taking the one to 11 and walking up as the stairs are not well marked.
We'll be back.A breath of fresh air literally. The view from the roof was beautiful. It made me not want to sit inside. Great atmosphere with a 90s hip hop soundtrack to match. I will revisit and also recommend.3/5 fancy/hip
the inside is curated (cluttered? it's like, oh cute, a non-functional type-writer next to a modern-day bound book) but still feels fun. went on a saturday night and had maybe a 10 minute wait to get up the elevator, which isn't bad. it was full, but not sardines full.
i got a good drink (the mule) which was so nice that it almost tasted plain. my friends ordered more interesting drinks. i couldn't read the crowd at all - i guess it's so new that it's attracting all kinds of folks. 
the big draw is this outdoor viewing patio - very cool. it is nice to be able to look out across the skyline with the dome to your left and the bridge to your right. caution, friends: it slopes! so if you have any kind of fear of heights or something, the minute you step out it feels like you are tipping towards the edge.
so cool? yes. date, maybe? sure. not much beyond that.We had heard so much about Hot Tin and finally made our way up the elevator to see what the fuss was all about. 
You walk into what feels like a British Colonial living room plopped on top of a 14 story building. An entire wall of the room is open air giving you a 180 degree view from the Westbank to the lake. Sunsets over the downtown skyline are a must see, but because of that, it's also a very popular time to visit the bar. Make sure and plan ahead because the bar does reach capacity at peak hours on the weekend and they'll enforce the 1 in 1 out through the elevator rule. 
Drinks cover the NOLA standards as well as 10 or so specialties. Cocktails are around $9-$13 a drink. Everything we ordered was made perfectly and came out promptly. 
Come for a sip and a view.Boy oh boy.  One of my best friends got married recently and they had a room at the Pontchartrain hotel for the night and they decided to have the after party at Hot Tin.  I'm SO glad they did.  So the hotel itself is an old art deco hotel and the bar or hotel, just received a complete renovation.  This place is FANCY!  To get to the bar though, you have to go to the lobby and they have a gentleman working the elevator.  Maximum 8 people in at a time (weight limit) and 1 in 1 out policy.  Don't fret, we got in within 5 minutes.  Once you arrive, the view of the glorious city of New Orleans, the river and the bridge all just jump out.  They have a balcony facing the river/downtown and they have a smaller balcony for smokers that's facing the Garden District.  The inside of the bar features tables and couches that are very inviting.  The bar is a nice horseshoe shape with around 4-5 bartenders on a weekend night.  They specialize in classic/craft cocktails and I can vouch that the Old Fashioned's are quite tasty.  If you're into quality, their bourbon selection is quite nice as well.  Pro tip; guys if you're on a date or want to take your lady to a nice place, THIS IS IT!  You'll thank me and I'll accept nice bourbon drinks as payment.  :)The view is beyond anything words can describe and the cognac French 75 is the next best thing.Great place to come on a Fri or Sat night. Gets a bit crowded, but always a good time. Their cocktail menu is good---prices are a little steep, but it is a nice place. 
Lots of seating inside by the tables along the wall, also a few nice couches to sit on. The best, though, is the patio that has one of the best views of downtown NOLA. This place is in the LGD, so you get a great view of downtown/the Crescent City Connection from afar.
Enter through front doors of the Pontchartrain Hotel on St. Charles, then up the elevator in the lobby to the top floor.Very cool atmosphere and I liked the music, the view was beautiful - although not really a rooftop, more just a high up floor of a hotel. My cocktail was $12 and while the description sounded great, it was super sweet to the point hat I couldn't taste much else than sugar and alcohol. The bartender was beyond lame, no personality at all, and actually almost straight out rude. I despise a place where a person is working in the service industry and they act like I'm there to device them. Ridiculous. Pretty much made us just down our drinks and leave for the next place.It's okay. When it was new, it wasn't too packed so the balcony with the view of the city made this bar worth it. Nowadays, it is overpacked and the drinks are still over priced so, it's not that great. Gave it a 4/5 though since it is still unique and you can easily go upstairs and if you don't like it, there are nearby places to hang not too far from this bar.New favourite.
To get to the bar, walk in through the lobby doors of the hotel and join the line...if you're there on a Friday or Saturday, I have no doubt that there will be line to get in the elevator up to the roof. Do not make the mistake of going in to the bar on the ground floor.
First impressions are good and that quickly improves when the view becomes clear. It's fantastic, looking right over all of downtown, from the Superdome to the Crescent City bridge. The drinks are great and the bar itself is pretty cool. On the night we went it was busy but didn't feel at all packed. Between the two terraces (one huge, one more intimate) and the large, expansive bar to the different seating on the main floor, it all just works really well. To drink, we had a martini ($11 I think) and a Nova Lee ($12). The martini was good, if pretty standard. The Nova Lee was intriguing because it has chamomile and thyme which I was unfamiliar with as part of a drink. But it's gin, which is usually a go-to and no regrets from me, it's a damn tasty drink. Very light and but full of flavor. Each table has a little candle so as the sun sets, it's a romantic little spot. One thing I really liked is that there are no tv's so you can concentrate on those you're with and the view. If you don't particularly like the people you're with, don't worry...you're in a bar and the view is captivating.
I don't think I'm the only one who has had the issue but the locking mechanisms on the bathroom doors are awkward. After locking the door and testing the handle to make sure it was closed, a waitress was still able to walk straight in...and close the door behind her before she heard my third shout! Thankfully, nobody ended up too embarrassed. 
Overall, with a 5 star view, 4 star drinks, and a 4 star environment, it's a solid 4.5 from me. Those drinks and that view made for a fantastic time. It feels still like a bit of a hidden gem and I almost hope it stays that way, I'm excited to go back again soon.
Tip: The bar is not open on Mondays or Tuesdays so don't make our mistake and tell friends all about it, then try and bring them there without checking the hours.Highly recommended this rooftop bar. Awesome view of the city and awesome cocktails. Summer Negroni was tastyGood place to grab a couple drinks, see a view (if you can grab a spot) and have a chill night. Patio is a little small so don't expect to get a proper spot for those insta pics if you don't know how to be aggressive/get there kind of earlyAbsolutely some of the best views in New Orleans paired with a great old Fashion. This will be a staple in go to bars in Nola. The staff was friendly mix that with a great drink, View and the fun Schwanke feel it's a Instant hit.Hot Tin is a must visit when in New Orleans if for nothing else but the view. This is not meant to be a derogatory statement towards their design, drinks and service as all of the above were perfectly adequate and more than enjoyable. There is something special about being able to sift through a city-scape with your eyes and watch unknowing passerby's like some sort of creeper. The view is a great one that encompasses most of the skyline and when able to sit right against the exterior bar it will consistently hold my attention. We were probably slightly jaded as our apartment had a view as well but a unique spot like this it's impossible to not have a good time.Great ambiance! Dark, nice lounge feel, and the open air balcony has an amazing view of downtown NOLA. Terrific bartenders!Great spot with a lot of potential. Hoping three stars is motivation for this place to step it up. Too many designer drinks that take too long to make and serve the many patrons. Keep it classy and simple. See ya soon.Nothing wrong here, great view of the most beautiful city in the universe. Yes I said it, universe. Hell multi-verse to get all quantum quirky on you. But that's the city not the bar. I was impressed with the sazerac, the la Louisianne and the old fashioned. Great drinks with very good service. My only issue is there are no clear directions on how to get to the rooftop bar. It's not a damn speakeasy, the G-men aren't busting down the door. So if you choose your own adventure and end up here count yourself lucky. And, of course, thank me laterThis was a cool place. Interesting decor, an open outdoor area with a beautiful view of the city and delicious drinks. They are quite expensive. But we had a good time, and got there to watch the sunset!I like the concept and it's a nice place, but it gets crowded and hard to get bar service.  Also, the wine pours were inconsistent, which shouldn't be the case for what you're paying.  They have changed the cocktail menu since I went, but I tried most of the drinks on the list at the time and wasn't impressed.  I hope they get food service because I was starving while trying all those cocktails!We went here for New Years Eve - arrived at 8:15.  There was a waitlist, and we got on the list.  Waited 1.5 hours in the bar.  The guy on the door finally fessed up that the place had been full before they even starting selling tickets and we were never going to get in.  
They were running a scan -- getting folks to sit in the downstairs bar buying drinks, waiting for a text that never was going to come.  
Don't like being scammed.  Only leaving one star because YELP wouldn't allow me to leave a review with no stars.We finally made it to Hot Tin and now it's one of our favorites to bring family and friends.  From the old typewriters and mail delivering display to the couches and chairs for relaxing and then you have the spectacular view of the city. 
This is a must visit for anyone local or non-local.  
The speciality drinks are spectacular and go down nice and smooth.A rooftop bar in a post-disaster cultural Mecca. I mean, really, who's going to argue with that. While the concept may seem near axiomatic, the folks at the Pontchartrain pull it off with pure class. 
It's the ace hotel for the actually employed, the Muriel's balcony for the merry and mirthful. It's the bar you'd want to be if you were a bar.
If you want to imbibe with true rapidity, I would recommend you find Shaun. Shaun is a cocktail waitress / purveyor of happiness whose adroit attention to needs alcoholic approaches a level you would not have fathomed pre-Shaun.
Drink the summer smoke. But only one. Lot of sugar.
Have a great time.What's not to like about a rooftop venue, good views of NOLA, great light bites, live music, excellent cocktails, hip crowd (not me), great neighborhood and in a classic hotel - The Pontchartrain.Came for our 30th birthday and really enjoyed the view and vibe. The drinks were hit and miss. A few of the cocktails we tried were not our favorite, but the classics were delicious. The hibbity dibbity was 5 stars.Go for the view at dusk.  Have a few cocktails - they have some interesting ones. Some Like it Hot - Tequila, Mezcal, lime, cherry brandy, habanero.  I got it without the brandy and it was wonderful.Really fun and interesting place! I came here last night (Monday) and it was pretty crowded, which means they're doing something right! 
The cocktail menu was great and I'd go as far as to say this was one of the best drinks of my life. I don't remember what it was, but it was pink and had vodka in it! The bartender was quick and friendly, the live music was a treat, and the view is insane. 
I just wish there was a bit more room on the balcony as it was a bit crowded! Regardless, I'll be back!Total gem.  Killer atmosphere, awesome views, great champagne, and even a show on a Monday night!  Visit this place for sureI visited Tin Roof on Saturday night before dinner at a near by restaurant (Commander's Palace).  The view is awesome and the cocktail I had was even better.  Name was ?something about St. Charles maybe?.  It was made with pineapple shrub.  I asked for it to be served on ice.  It was the best cocktail in months...light and fruity but just right.  We were a group of 9.  There was plenty of room to stand around and the view made us happy to do so.  We probably could have sat down if there were fewer of us.  I love this place.The space on the roof is very cool! The view is gorgeous and the hotel is really beautiful as well. We went on a Saturday night and it was extremely crowded, to the point of being overwhelming. But the staff handled it well. The cocktails were hit or miss. Some were good and some were just ok.Such a wonderful, romantic little spot. Great views of the city, and they open the doors to the patio in nice weather. It's the place to be if you're sophisticated, yet a little retro and enjoy a little historic nostalgia to go along with your cocktail.The bar sits on top of the Pontchartrain Hotel.To get to it, walk through the hotel lobby and use the elevator that gets you to the rooftop. You can wait to order drinks at the bar or have a seat and a waitress will come by to take your drink order. We actually walked up to the bar upon arrival and the waitress asked what we wanted. She took our drink order and brought our drinks to us at one of the couches we sat at. Drinks were on the pricey side for New Orleans but you get to see a very nice view of Downtown New Orleans and the GNO bridge. It really is a nice view and worth paying a couple bucks more for a drink than buying from a bar down the street. Service was attentive, friendly, and speedy. The crowd was in dressy casual gear...meaning in sportcoats and ladies in cocktail dresses. None of the guys in my group wore jackets. I actually wore a t-shirt and jeans. No one will judge you here I promise. The bar got less crowded after midnight. If you are still working on your drink and your group is ready to leave, ask the bartender for a to-go cup like any other place in NOLA. They will gladly pour your drink into a to-go cup!What a secret treasure in New Orleans!  Ride a tiny elevator in a charming old building to the "PH" level and get fantastic views of the city while sipping a cocktail.Loved loved loved this place!! Our waitress was so sweet and funny too! Great views of the city and drinks are definitely served with a kick!What a gorgeous view. The drink menu was fairly limited but it was eclectic and the drinks were good.  The bar is geared to business meetings and young professionals and had a very relaxed and welcoming environment. I would come back here againHow in all my years of visiting NOLA did I not know this existed?! Hot Tin is off the beaten path and a must do in NOLA. Not only is it a rooftop bar with GORGEOUS views of the city which is in itself a reason to go, but the cocktail menu is as interesting as it is expertly crafted. The price points on the cocktails are high so I only had one but I can say I thoroughly enjoyed just watching them craft my drink. I got to enjoy the beautiful Southern night air with my friends and relax much unlike the pace you see in the French Quarter at night. Do yourself a favor and venture outside of Bourbon to the Hot Tin.This roof top has beautiful views.  It sits facing downtown so you are able to see the skyline.  The drinks are crafty cocktails made up by a friendly staff.  You can find all ages here listening to a playlist daily.  Monday nights they have a DJ with good music.  The best time to go is right  before sunset.The view the view THE VIEW! Panoramic view of the city was beautiful at night. I enjoyed the atmosphere and decor. Service was great, enjoyed my drink "sweater weather."Four stars for the views! Drinks vary but their special drinks are fantastic, get you buzzed and into your happy place. We loved our stay at The Pontchartrain Hotel and knowing we had the Hot Tin, we could watch out for the parade and head down. Note: Closed on Tuesday for private parties. It was a painful separation but we made up for it on Wednesday!Great time on NYE at the rooftop bar. Geoff is the manager has an excellent staff. Heather waiting on us, and she did a great job. We will definitely return. Highly recommend it while in NOLA.I really had a nice time here and I was dry. Nice scene, nice vibe. I definitely see potential with this place as the holidays approach. 
Hubby and I were looking for a cool spot to chill after dinner for like a hour or so. We got to take great pics and get a great view of the city. So much unique decor upstairs and down. I would highly recommend this spot. I am hoping the crowds gets a little funkier than baby boomers. Just saying, we need to get some theme nights together with rolling music and some with elevator music.Great view, terrible cocktail menu. 
There was a bit of a wait to go up the elevator (I think we waited 15-20 minutes). Once we got to the rooftop, the view of New Orleans was beautiful. The patio area is pretty big; there's one big table and a few smaller round tables. There was a mixed crowd there (I went the Friday night before St. Patrick's Day) ranging from ages 21 to about 35. There may have been some type of event going on because about half of the guests were in formal wear, but there were also tons of frat boys there. 
I personally like to try different cocktails at bars and restaurants. That being said, I was underwhelmed by their cocktail menu. There weren't any fun fruity drinks. The one cocktail I tried just tasted like ginger ale and mint. Overall, my experience was okay,We went as a big group, and had a great time. Sunset was amazing. Service was good from our waitress, but there was a difficult moment with the credit card they picked up to run the tab. They lost it! Holy smokes! This is an area that can definitely improve. But, we enjoyed it for the view, the ambiance, and the sunset.Panoramic views from the rooftop of this Garden District Hotel Ponchartrain. Designed to feel like an artists loft after Tennessee Williams stayed in the hotel while filming A Street Car Named Desire. It is a hot spot for locals and is busy. Great craft cocktails and a fun concept!Hot Tin is a chill rooftop bar on the 11th floor of the Pontchartrain hotel with a view of the New Orleans skyline. We ordered two Moscow mules which were nice and refreshing on a hot day. Drinks were reasonably priced and the service was friendly. You have the option of indoor seating in a cozy air conditioned lounge or outdoor seating with a view of the city. You can't wrong either way. I definitely recommend stopping in for a drink and staying for a while!Recommended by the bartender Kevin at the Hotel Indigo (btw a fantastic mixologist).  Hot Tin roof bar was incredible.  Awesome view of the City and even better cocktails.  Definitely worth's the trip to the Garden District.  Swing by and see Kevin at the Hotel Indigo and finish the night at the Hot Tin roof bar.WHAT A VIEW!
When I heard about the reopening of the Bayou Bar and the Caribbean Room at the Pontchartrain Hotel, a tiny part of me wondered if they were going to open up the penthouse to the public. I was in this penthouse years ago for a private event and the best part of the space is the gorgeous view of the city.
I am happy to report that the penthouse has been converted into a cool bar/club type of space. There are sofas and chairs for lounging inside and there are tables and chairs out on the balcony, so that you can soak in the entire city. Getting up here feels very VIP- you have to get in line and wait for the doorman to let you up. This is for safety reasons, but really makes the experience feel that much more exclusive. The bar feels as if you are in someone's living room at a fancy party.
The balcony area is small, so you have to wait for some space to open up before you can make it out there. On the night I was there it was pretty packed, even though it was late in the evening. I think some people just like to take over the tables and "camp out" for the night.
I definitely want to go back a little earlier in the evening, so that I can watch the sunset from this gorgeous spot. My sad little picture definitely doesn't do this place justice.The person who greeted us exclaimed how we had no clothes on even though we were in dresses with heels and it was very rude. And then the bouncers got mad at us cause we were looking for the bathroom and went up some stairs in our search and then he was like "where's your room key? You're out of here". And they kicked me and my friend out. Into the freezing cold. They wouldn't even let us wait in the entryway to order an uber. They mad us exit, and we're two young girls. It was really not right and shocking. And uncalled for. This is not how to treat regular customers. Wow honestly astounded at this mistreatment things really need to change.$10 a drink at least, but 100% the best view in the state. Unlike other rooftop bars, this one is not amongst the tall buildings, so you get an uninterrupted view from the dome to the CCC and the riverAwesome Atmosphere, amazing view! Though the bar was slammed I got my drinks quickly.Enjoyed a private party there this evening with drinks and desserts. The mini cream Bruelle were so yummy and the chocolate dipped strawberries were excellent. Beautiful place.Love the ambiance and the drinks are the best! The city views are amazing and romantic. The weekends are crowded and just this past weekend had to run into some white privilege people who continue to smoke on the balcony (with a sign that clearly says no smoking on each wall) and when I addressed it I was all but called the N-word. What a shame, that you find trash everywhere. Even at such a nice place as this. Please don't let this be a reason for you not to give this place a chance. Not all people are bigots, racist, stupid, crazy, etc.
Great place not responsible for somunderclassed patrons. Enjoy!The atmosphere is exciting and calming.  Enjoyed having a few drinks and staring out at the beautiful sky line.  The crowd was calm and friendly.  Not too stuffy and not too crowded.Great rooftop, just try to get on the waitlist before you get here on weekends to avoid the wait!Had the Vieux the bar tender suggested it over an old fashion. Loved it. Enjoyed watching her hand crafted drink. Great view, atmosphere, low key.Located in the Ponchartrain Hotel, this bar (once a penthouse) has intimate indoor seating and opens to an outdoor area with a beautiful view of the city.  Side note: the inside is just as beautiful as the view outside, but this is definitly the place to go if you are looking for a view of NOLA. Their cocktails are great, view and atmosphere on point, but like any good place it can get crowded so I suggest getting there early (before 9pm on the weekends) to grab a drink before a night out or if you can grab a spot with a view you might as well stay the whole night and relax!The bar tender rejected my real ID while not even carding my friend who ordered right after me. And after talking to an extremely rude manager for five minutes, I was finally served a terrible excuse for a Moscow mule. 
The view is spectacular but definitely not worth the terrible service, overpriced drinks, and long wait to use the elevator.We were here during a recent visit to NOLA and were in search of a rooftop patio bar for pre dinner cocktails. The drinks are well made and the bartender know their way around the alcohol. The view is pretty terrific but on a sunny hot day its best you go here after the sun goes down, it can get pretty hot. We had no experience with the food situation. Note that there is a special elevator to the top where the bar and patio are located.We ended up here after our flight was unexpectedly cancelled and we booked a room in The Pontchartrain Hotel. So happy we had a chance to check it out! They have a great mix of updated cocktails and vintage favorites. There was fabulous live music. The terrace is so relaxing and fun, with a view of the city. Also loved the vintage decor! The service was efficient but not overly friendly- however, that didn't matter because everything else was awesome. One strange thing about the bar is that a lot of really young college kids were trickling in and out all night. That was a weird dynamic because the drinks are not cheap. However, the rest of the crowd was more diverse, so that balanced it out a bit. Overall, really fun place to stop if you are in the neighborhood or looking for a date spot.Wow...After the summer showers the other day, my friend took me there for a beautiful view of the New Orleans skyline. I've seen the city from downtown hotels, rooftops, and the river, but viewing it from this little rooftop bar gave me the chills! I had a very tasty glass of wine, and my friends and I got some nice pictures of the city. The bartender was very friendly, and the patrons were all lively and nice. Thee was not much of a crowd at sundown on a Tuesday, and it offered exactly what I was looking for to end the night. I will certainly bring friends to take in the view in the future.Hot Tin has the most amazing view of New Orleans! The balcony is really small and often crowded though.Great bar + Best view of city!!!
Friendly professional bartenders
Great selection of bourbonsWe went here for the view and cocktails. They had good drinks, a good atmosphere, and a nice view of the city. The drinks were served in fancy glasses and they had a great cocktail variety. It was quite warm outside that day but there were chairs in the shade.All of the employees are so nice! The cocktails are dope. My favorite was the slow and low. Bartenders know what they are doing and the food downstairs is to die forBeing from nyc I love rooftops as get great view and usually cooler.  Most places in Nola at best do a balcony or garden.  This place is in garden district which affords it great views of all of cbd.  Drinks also delivered as cocktail was good and both wines were of high quality.  Space has bar, large coach areas and outside terrace seeing, highly recommendAs all other reviewers have said, Hot Tin has the MOST AMAZING VIEW!  You should check it out for that alone.  A gorgeous design and decorating job on this new cocktail bar.  We went early in the afternoon, before it was very busy, but several large parties came in while we there and they did seem to need a little more help behind the bar.  Lovely bartender, Brian (Bryan?) made me a delicious off-menu cocktail with Hendricks Gin, St. Germain, and other refreshing ingredients.  What I really loved about this place were the old letters and photos scattered around that must have been left over from when the Pontchartrain Hotel was a senior residence.  Incredible history in this building.I adore this place. Not only do they have the most innovative cocktails (mine was gin, lemon, honey, basil and Lambrusco), but the view from the rooftop is perfect and they had live music to compliment. It draws an eclectic crowd and on a Monday night, wasn't too crowded. Service was impeccable and our waitress gave us just the right amount of attention.Best thing is the view.  Really beautiful to see so much of New Orleans from the balcony.  Very crowded and loud, so it gets a little difficult to get a drink and find a seat.Beautiful view of the city! The bar is fine, but the balcony makes it all worth it! Definitely worth a try!The entrance to this space begins with the wait to get on the elvator to go up and the end of it is to wait to go down again in the elevator. On finally arriving upstairs, while it wasn't crowded,  it still felt a bit congested.  The whole design aesthetic of the space seems to be trying too hard while making it have more of a scattered feel to it with random brick-a-brac everywhere.  
I was also rather hoping the downstairs dress code enforcement would extend to this bar but unfortuantely it doesn't.  The bartender's uniform of blue jeans with tweed caps doesn't exactly carry an encouraging dress code theme to me either. The service leaves something to be desired and my experience was too slow for my preference.  The price of drinks certainly trends more on the expensive side with $4.50 Miller Lite along with a limited beer selection.  
The highlight of the experience is the viewing terrace which does give a spectacular view of New Orleans and is worth the wait of the elevator.  Overall, I just don't see this space being part of my regular rotation but it would be worth visiting just to show tourists the view and have one drink before returning downstairs or on to other venues.  I would also suggest eating the mile high pie downstairs.Yesterday was our first time at Hot Tin. The view is incredible! The bar is cool, staff fast and friendly, music was cool. It is the kind of place you want to just stay for hours. Can't wait to go back.Really cool atmosphere for a bar. Probably has one of the best and most unique views of the city. The drinks are great but slightly pricey. Great spot for New Orleans visitors, a drink before dinner, or gathering for a birthday.Best view in the city!  Nice atmosphere. Not the biggest bar, can get a bit crowded on a busy night, but they control how many people are allowed, at least that's what it seemed like while we were waiting for the elevator. This bar is atop the Pontchatrain hotel, which is a nicely decorated boutique hotel. You enter though their lobby. The service is friendly and fast. The drinks are good. There is plenty of seating but nearly everyone gathers along the balcony to enjoy the view and the breeze. Even on an August night it was comfortable.Loved this rooftop bar.  Cool decor and you get a fantastic view of the city.  Our cocktails we creative and delicious.  I'm told they have music at night but we were there early.  No food so plan accordingly.  Also make sure you get in the right elevator for the bar...easy to miss.With great decor, ambience and a fantastic view of the city, I love to bring out of town guests here for a drink. The bartenders are swift and the building itself is lovely. Make sure you get on the correct elevator for the Hot Tin Bar. When you get there  remember to check out the beautiful pressed Tin Ceiling!Great view. Awesome vibe. The downer was the bartender.  She was pretentious and very unconcerned with customer needs. If you have the patience come visit!