So this was the best place we had dinner, while in New Orleans!
This was our last night in town and we looked up a nice dinner place with music, that was smoke free. I was able to make a reservation online, for 7pm, without any trouble at all.
We were placed by the musicians which was really nice. The live jazz was great but the food was even better.
I ordered the soup, Chicken Tortilla so, and this was so good. I can only say yum!
My friend ordered the Crab Cakes, and he said they were the best he had ever had. He said they were moist and not dry at all, and the flavor was to die for. Along with the Crab Cakes, he got the Kale salad and mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were so delicious! They did not need anything on them, they were perfect!
My other friend had the Prime Rib. It was cooked to perfection and the meat was very tender and flavorful. This meal came with the Kale salad and mashed potatoes as well, but you could get the spinach or other vegetable if you prefer.
My spouse ordered the Hawaiian Rib Eye and said it was the best they had ever had. Tender, juicy and full of flavor. This meal came with mashed potatoes as well.
I had the Center cut steak, and I get mine well done. This is the most tender steak I have ever had. I have eaten at other high end steak houses, like Ruth Chris, and this was by far, the best steak I have ever had. (Please note that Ruth Chris's was very good when we went a few years ago, before I knew about Yelp!) Most know that when you order a well done steak, you just know it will be dry, a little burnt, and need something to give it flavor. This is just something you get used too, but not here.
I was shocked! Really shocked. This steak was moist, had just the right amount of spices and just melted in your mouth.
My meal came with a baked potato, which was very big and very good.
Our waitress, Blair, was awesome. She went above and beyond, and was very helpful whe we were selecting the wine.
Really great experience!Houston's seems to have a bit of a cult following---I know people that are crazy about it as one of their 'special' places. It clearly wants to position itself as an upscale chain, and their prices certainly reflect that.  I haven't been to one in years, but have enjoyed some lunches at one of their now-closed locations.
We recently chose the St Charles location for a family meal, and yeah....it has a much nicer, upscale feel to it than most chains. And, again, relatively high prices. 
One minor detail struck us: the diet coke came in the cute little 6 oz bottles, poured over ice. That means, of course, that if you want a refill, you pay another $3. Also, there were 8 of us and they don't combine tables, so we sat at two tables next to each other, with different servers. 
I was really in the mood for a good burger, and since theirs is $17, I figured it'd be pretty good. One of the other "fancy" touches, by the way, is they don't bring ketchup bottles to the table. Our server asked if I wanted ketchup and I said yes. It arrived when I was about halfway done with my burger (yes, I wanted it for my burger). Our other table's server did bring their ketchup, so I was able to use theirs and eat my burger. My burger and fries seem to have sat for a while before arriving--the fries were barely warm and not at all crunchy. The burger was fine--the cheese also looked as if it had sat for a few minutes. 
Overall, this was a pretty good $8 burger. But a pretty overpriced $17 burger.  Nobody in our group was particularly thrilled with the food--at least not for the price. Very mediocre food and wannabe upscale pricing. 
No need to return.Great atmosphere!  Over the years, this location just keeps getting better.   Of course, I have my fav entree choices, but nothing compares to superb service!  Go check it out for yourself!Good solid service, ambiance, and quality meals. Great place to take a client, family or friend. Plenty of parking in the heart of New Orleans.I have been enjoying Houston's for at least 12 years now, and always (with the exception of the past 2 times) had great experiences there.
The service, is not as good as it once was.  The servers are spread way too thin, and simple things like water, condiments, and refills go missing.
Now, I might get crap for my final comment, but for those who can appreciate "poetic license" and not give me $h*t for it, here goes.....
For the price one pays for a meal (food quality aside), servers should be licking shoes.   Mine are left dirty..............There was a time Houston's was a place you went and spent money on great food that was served in a comfortable upscale setting. It seems that things have changed. Is it possible that it has shifted 180 degrees?
Metairie lost their Houston's about a year ago when the fellows at the corporate office decided to 'consolidate' their locations and focus on a single location on St. Charles. This move was said to be a way to have the best staff from both locations working to make things even better together. 
I hadn't been to the one St. Charles since they had closed the other location (not as a protest just hadn't gone.) So on this visit I was expecting great things. They promised great things! Unfortunately I must say I didn't see an improvement. To the contrary in fact, I saw diminished food and a less polished service staff.
Everyone needs a change. Business decisions are made to maximize profit and quality. We know this. However what happens when changes are made seemingly just for the sake of changing? It is usually not good.
So what changes did I find from the food?
The Bone in Prime Rib: 
Love prime rib? Who doesn't? It isn't something people make at home much, if ever. One thing you never want to find from your pricey prime pick of protein is for it to be dry. When you do a bone-in what is the biggest problem, drying out the meat. It is like inserting a direct heat source into it and acts as a chimney for the moisture. So yes, my prime rib was very very dry. All the au jus in the world wouldn't save it.
The Crab Cakes:
Honestly the only thing I have to say here is "why?" Why does it now have a breading on it that reminded me immediately of something you would find on a McDonalds fish sandwich?
The Coleslaw:
Now it is really heavy on mayonnaise and the mustard base that used to be there is gone. Why would someone change coleslaw? It always had a somewhat dynamic taste for such a simple thing. Really like mayo? Favorite condiment? Is it something that brings you immense joy? You should like the coleslaw.
The server was clearly interested in providing the best experience possible. Everyone on the staff seemed to be trying. I am not sure if it was a training night (being in the middle of the week) but it was a bit clunky. No one seemed to be able to figure out to whom they were delivering what drink or food item. This may have been because there were many different people bringing food and drink to the table over the course of the evening.
I am going to hope it was an off evening. I have been eating at Houston's both on St. Charles and Metairie for what seems years and years. Of course I will go back and give it another shot, I didn't even get to see if the ribs were still as good as they'd been before!I tried out Houston's last night. It's a beautiful establishment; the waitstaff was courteous and attentive; the food was good- not exceptional, but good. I gave it four stars because I didn't like that I couldn't swap out my sides without getting charged. To make it worse, they were out of shrimp, so I had to order the salmon, which lacked seasoning and sauce. The texture, however, was perfect- nice crust and flaky fish inside. And their Swiss chard was OUTSTANDING- absolutely delicious! Their whipped potatoes were delicious as well. I would eat here again.My husband and I only went here because Metairie has closed, we will not be returning. I asked for water with lemon and my glass was a 4 oz. glass of water, you think I could get an adult glass of water at a "Steakhouse". The food is not the same (as Metairie), it was mediocre , if that. The spinach dip was good but the salsa tasted like pureed tomato sauce, terrible. The iron skillet beans tasted overcooked and mushy. The Hawaiian Rib Eye was cooked as ordered but the steak did not have a strong Hawaiian taste, possibly it was not marinated very long. The clientele is subpar. If the staff smiled , their face may break. Very unfriendly and not welcoming. Metairie's Houston was by far better, the staff, atmosphere and food. I am not sure why anyone would wasted their money and time eating here. If you are going to go to New Orleans anyway, you might as well eat somewhere decent, there are several restaurants on St. Charles that have much better food and atmosphere.I made reservations for a Tuesday night & I was surprised as to how packed this place was on a week night. We arrived maybe 5 minutes late but we only waited about 10 minutes to be seated. The ambiance is great & I loved the live music. The food was great & I was impressed with how any waitstaff that passed our table would refill drinks, take empty dishes, trash, etc. The only thing is I did feel a little rushed at the end but I guess they needed to seat other guests. I would definitely come back.This was one of my favorite restaurants when I lived in New Orleans. I frequented the Metairie and St. Charles location often.  My favorites were The Spinach and Artichoke Dip, Cheese Toast, Chicken Tenders, Traditional Salad with Buttermilk Dressing, Crab Cakes, and Hawaiian Ribeye.  The spinach dip is the one I measure all other spinach dips by and none have come close to this perfection. The Hawaiian ribeye...Oh my!  Give me a moment while I reminisce.  Their house made buttermilk dressing is also at the top of all dressings.  Yes, it's busy here, but that's to be expected of a great restaurant. My next trip to the city will include a stop here.Great service.  I had a to die for veggie burger here.  The ingredients are top quality and fresh.  The wine selection was also good.  This place is popular, so the wait was a little long, but it was worth it.  Would definitely come back!Apparently the security guard here has been delegated to scream at people trying to enter the establishment within fifteen minutes of closing...I ignored him (I'd just gotten off work and my friends were already inside with a glass of wine waiting for me- I thought I could sit with them while they finished their meal like it was a...restaurant or something) but the women entering behind me yelled back at him that the door was unlocked and the bar was clearly still serving. Because it was. Security guard followed them in and stood shaking his head and rolling his eyes with the kitchen staff (my table was a good vantage point for his theatrical body language). 
I'm sorry but while I understand that everyone wants to go home, you can't scream at incoming restaurant customers not to enter at 945pm, 950pm, whatever, when you close at 10. We tried to amicably explain what happened to the 20-something year old manager on duty, and this is where it gets even funnier...he said that incoming customers wandering around near/at closing time "posed a security threat" (seriously, kid? You find your uptown wine drinkers at your chain restaurant to be threatening when the clock strikes 9:58?) "What I'm hearing is that you didn't like how it was handled"- uh, no, I didn't like being yelled at for trying to give you money while you were still open and my friends had been their for hours. But thank you for apologizing.
What restaurant staff thinks that having to tell people you're no longer serving is beyond their scope of duty? You're on St. Charles. Nice neighborhood. You have a security guard if one of your patrons goes insane when you tell them the kitchen is closed and they simply CAN'T HAVE the spinach dip, but that they're welcome to a drink while you start your close up process. The guard didn't even check to see if I was trying to go in to eat, which I wasn't, he went to instant exasperation and I couldn't believe his yelling. 
That being said, the prices are hilariously high for a chain in a city full of more interesting options. The whole thing was pretty funny. I won't return.We always love Houston's food and service.  Went today for lunch and ordered our Oysters St. Charles as an appetizer.  They have changed the original topping with a cold relish of some sort!  Not really that good.  Hope they will go back to the original recipe or we will not order it again.  Fish sandwich was good as usual as were the fries and they have a nice
 wine selection.  Our server was excellent.  Just really disappointed about those oysters!My daughter's and I had lunch with a friend here and although the service was good it was a bit relaxed.  We each had salads and they were AMAZING!  I had the tuna steak salad and it was EXCELLENT.  Just the right amount of crunch and not bathed in the vinaigrette.  Perfect balance.  Not a cheap salad but the quality made it worth every penny.Ribs for lunch were good. There was a wait of about 25 minutes for a table and bar seats were available. We went for the bar seats and ordered an appetizer. The table became available and host came looking for us and helped transfer to the table. Good service. My business guest was pleased.With the demise of several neighborhood restaurants, Houston's is once more the best reliable cheeseburger in this City.
This one of only two "chain restaurants" which we recommend; it is better than its Texas sister place on Westheimer, out past Houston's Galleria.
Pros:  Private parking lot with armed guard; really nice surroundings, good prime rib & steaks, nice bar area, good menu, & pleasant wait-staff.  The "sides" are all good, too !
Cons:  No Coors Light, can be very crowded, the wonderful creamy tortilla soup is only available one day a week !  And, being semi-senile, I can't recall which day is "tortilla soup day".
Yes, the cheeseburger is around $16.00 but one does get the full value; it is well worth the price.
Houston's New Orleans, Saint Charles @ Felicity, is on our "twice-a-month" regulars list.
RickClassy joint. I recommend for a business lunch or maybe a date. 
My thai steak salad was full of flavor and the perfect size. We met some family members for lunch. Originally, the place was selected because everyone wanted ease of parking, and the lot is located right behind the building. 
We were visiting with family members we don't see very often including a new baby. Therefore, lunch dragged on, and we sat at the table for a long time after we were done with our meals. The place wasn't crowded at all, and the waitstaff didn't mind one bit that we held the table up.I ate here on Saturday with my best friend. We had a 45min wait which is typical for a Saturday night in Nola. He comes here regularly but this was my first time there. I am giving this place 5 stars based on food and portion sizes not the service. I had the double sized pork chop-HUGE!! And my best friend had the Cajuns red fish-huge!! We also had the St.Charles Fried Oysters-amazing-as well as a kick ass Caesar salad made with corn bread croutons. Our waiter was slow and I had to hunt him down occasionally but it was busy so I let it slide. Otherwise, great food and atmosphereHad no problem in the beginning but it took the waiter a little too long to just come to us and ask for what drinks we want. My boyfriends steak was so damn good and my butterfly shrimp would be better if it was hot. There lemonade is too sour even when I added like 6 packs of sugar lol. I didn't finish my food and had a lot of fries and one butterfly shrimp left. The waiter just took my plate and stacked them on others, I just thought it was rude how he didn't ask me if I wanted a box. I mean that meal was over $20 and there was about 6 pieces only. Other than that, the waiter was great.Worst. Service. Ever. We won't be back! The place was empty but we still had to wait 20 minutes for a table. We sat for another 10 minutes without even a hello from a waitress. We finally had to flag one down to take our order. The food took forever, it was way overpriced, and the entire experience was horrid. Unless you are a masochist, steer clear of this place.Their cornbread sucks! It's served cold room temperature at best... Then you get to experience a gelatinous i Center highly do not recommend.I'm not sure why anyone would consider this fine dining.  My fiancee and I went for lunch and both my appetizer, the baked potato soup, and his sandwich, the roast beef au jus, were barely lukewarm.  To make it even worse, I sent my soup back, and the waitress had the nerve to say, "Here's a fresh bowl."  I guess she thought I was born yesterday, because I could see the smudge marks of where she cleaned the side of the plate while tossing some extra bacon and cheese top after microwaving it.  I was terribly disappointed.  This place is really only a step above Chili's, in my opinion.  For all the fine dining establishments in New Orleans, Houston's is not and never should consider itself one.  I hadn't been there in 15 years, and I will never go back.First, the waitress was not very accommodating & rude.  We specify asked if the veggie bean burger had texture to keep it from falling apart & not soft. She stated yes, it's  the best. We had to send it back to recook & it was like a smashed patty. The fries were too greasy as if they put them back in the fryer to warm up after attempting to fix the soft veggie burger. The walnut apple cobbler had no visible apples & crust, just walnuts in syrup.A few days ago for lunch ,,,,as always, you can know your getting good food and good service...friend and I  frequent the place at least once week or two weeks..  Being a salad lover, recommendation is tuna salad...fresh, light, filling without over stuffed... Good portions... Of course it's hard to o decided between spinich dip, and salmon....Does Houstons really need another review? Who knows but here goes...
As usual immediately after entering your senses are tuned up to the sights and smells from the kitchen.
Open wood fire grill, smoky goodness wafting in the air and slabs of meat all in sight. 
Atmosphere is so Cush cool. Dim lit, leather seating multi-tiered dining room.
Take your seat for the main event. Not a large menu but everything on it is great. The wine list is not large either but works well.
Service is knowledgable and just enough attentive.
I could go on and on. I could also come back again and again, love it!Visited Houston's New Orleans for the first time in a long while last night.  Extremely disappointed in the bar service.  The male bartender (who was tending the side of the bar where I was seated) hardly acknowledged my presence.  At one point my glass was empty for almost a half hour before the gentleman sitting next to me flagged him down and ordered for me.  It was definitely not service I've come to expect from Houston's....and this is generous star-wise.
We have so many restaurants worthy of such prime real estate in the city..Houston's is not. The wait was unforgiving (1 hr.), for when the food later came, it was mediocre at best. So very disappointed with the menu choices as well. It's become so much less of what it once was.
Will NOT be visiting Houston's again in my life unless there is nothing else open.The spinach and artichoke dip was pretty good. I ordered the Thai Steak and Noodle Salad was absolutely delicious. The salad was flavorful and the steak was nice and tender. Overall it was extremely flavorful and fresh, especially with the addition of the mango. Service was a tad slow and often found myself trying to flag a server down for water, but a great experience nonetheless.Had Houstons last night for the first time since before the big K. Have to say, not much has changed and I was happy about that. The baked potato soup was exactly like I remember it, I had the sashimi tuna salad, which I never tried before and it was delish!! The tuna was like butter, so super yummy. I had a bite of my son's cheese burger and it was pretty good. I think it could've been a little jucier for the price, but he liked it so that counts for something. At least they had a kids' sized portion at a lower price than the momma jomma adult cheese burger! I'll be back, maybe not very soon because I have so many other better choices, but I'm sure it will be a place I will return to.Celebrated our anniversary this weekend. I made a reservation and we were seated within minutes of arrival. Food was  good as always. For apps, we ordered the spinach dip and stuffed artichoke. Our entrees were great also. I ordered the fish of the day which was the sea bass. Which was awesome! My husband ordered the filet. Which is always good.  For dessert my husband always orders the five nut brownie when they have it. Our waiter wasn't  bad we just felt rushed.  The down side our waiter didn't offer to box up our dessert. So it was left. Husband didn't realize until we were home. Upset! 
Although on the reservation I stated in the comments we were celebrating our anniversary, there was no mention of it. Really disappointed.Friendly Staff great atmosphere!  It's a remarkable The food is worth the price Very very very good! The hot towels at the dinner! It's a must tryJust can't beat this go to spot in New Orleans. When I lived here I was a regular, good for 6 to 8 times a month. I usually order off the Menu, but I have had just about everything on it. Never had a bad experience and as usual with this trip, they didn't disappoint. Great service great atmosphere. I'll be back as usual.Excellent service tonight, the food was delicious . We ordered salmon and Hawaiian ribeye tonight. The staff was nice enough to let us continue our meeting while they were cleaning up after hours. Of course as we saw they were almost done, we left. A+ plus serviceReally everyone knows the quality at Houstons is sublime! Another great experience for my mom's 50th. Ordered the off menu chicken tenders been getting them since I was 9 and I'm 29 so literally 20 years. Just the best. Service was excellent and had a Kelt cocktail crazy good cognac. Thanks for another special one Houstons.We love Houston's! We came here for Valentine's Day. It is less busy and quieter than ours in Jersey. We loved it. We loved the view of St Charles. We don't have a view in Jersey. Food was fresh and deliocious and our server was super sweet with her southern charm. We will definitely be back!This is the kind of place that from the outside I expect to have lots of mediocre Yelp reviews... it looks pretty mainstream and everything... but I went here for a business lunch and I was highly impressed!
The clientele leans towards retirement age, the food is about as much as you'd expect for a nice business lunch ($12-20 entrees).  It gets packed around noon so try to get there early.
This is the kind of place that will please anyone.  The spinach and artichoke dip appetizer was the BEST I've ever had.  I heard great things about their steaks, the seafood disappeared from my colleague's plate and the house-made veggie burger was seriously one of the better I've had, even among vegetarian-friendly restaurants.  They also have a vegetarian entree.
Some days they serve cookies on the way out... dangerously delicious.  Highly recommend if you're looking for a nice lunch!Great lunch with my fiancé and his family. Had the spinach dip and the French dip sandwich with tabbouleh. The sandwich was phenomenal. Loved the shaved prime rib on the house baguette, tabbouleh was ok. Finished off with the chocolate brownie with nuts. 
Our server Rachel was very attentive and patient with some of our more difficult family members! Wanted to give her a shoutout for her hospitality and professionalism! 
Would return again, everyone seemed to enjoy their entrees and the service was great, very happy with the place.Love the atmosphere of this location. I have been visiting Houston's- St. Charles since I was a little girl. If making a reservation- try to get a table near the Windows. The live music at night is a perfect addition to their food.
Note: if you dine here and want to socialize a bit- hold off on ordering your entree. They tend to bring out the meals quickly- making you feel a bit rushed.
My husband and I usually stick to the same thing: spinach dip to start and we each get the grilled chicken salad. The peanut dressing is great! 
I recommended reservations, especially on a weekend.Fyi-- they won't serve long island ice teas or a double cocktail. Odd, esp for a New Orleans restaurant.Regular spot for us.  We ordered the spinach dip appetizer, it's the best in the city.  They also have awesome drinks here.  I had the Hawaiian ribeye.  He had the prime rib.  I was satisfied with my plate everything perfect as usual.  Carl was not as happy with his prime rib, it was over cooked for the first time, it's usually on point.  It won't be our last visit.  We will surely return.Great food !  The service  was very terrible. Something so simple as getting water refills was impossible. The servers were NONE RESPONSIVE. WHERE IS THE SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY.Paul was our waiter today. He was absolutely the best ever!! Knew his stuff!!  Mexican soup and pan-fried snapper. Could not have asked for a better meal and service anywhere. Thanks Houston ' s and Paul! We will be back next trip.In my 28 years of life, I have never had such a good meal as I did at Houston's. First off, the ambiance in the restaurant is phenomenal - the lighting, and live jazz music set the restaurant apart from the typical noisy new Orleans fair. The food has been the best we've had so far. We both tried a bowl of the baked potato soup, and it was a great way to start the meal - the soup was hot and the ingredients fresh. He got the filet mignon which literally melted in your mouth, and the whipped potatoes, don't even get me started. They were so creamy; I was sad I didn't get them as my side. I got the French dip sandwich, and it was delicious - the prime rib was delectable, and the French fries were fresh, crispy and just the right amount of salty. For dessert, you just have to try a dessert at a meal going as well as this, we shared the apple cobbler. It was hot, delicious and nutty- the perfect ending to the perfect meal. If you have a chance, check it out. It's worth every single penny and we would happily go back.Love it here! 3 stars because that was the absolute worst service in my whole life. If you want the slightest decency in service don't go and hour and 30 min before they close. And don't sit with Jessica, she'll neglect you completely.Great place for a vegetarian.  Really!  They have a rice and black bean burger that is DELICIOUS!!  And their couscous side is so good.  I'm not a chain fan but this one is pretty good and I do love a place that has a parking lot.  It doesn't matter what day or time I come here this place is packed.Food and service were great!! The ribeye was cooked perfectly (medium well) and the spinach dip was some of the best I've had in a while. I love how u can watch the chefs prepare food while u wait to be seated, def helps the time go.  The live band was also nice. Over all a pretty solid place.Just mediocre food, nothing special. I would have expected more for the price.  Neither my husband or I finished our food. It was just not very good.This place is always on point. From the ambience of the low lighting, dark wood, and live jazz... to each entree. If you're lucky they will have grilled artichokes! The kale salad is amazing..and I say that as someone who isn't a fan of kale. I tried my friends and have been hooked ever since.I had ordered a Club salad which was supposed to be fried chicken on top . After received the order with grilled chicken , the manager O'rion Wagner came to my table , not only apologized that they ran out of key ingredient batter but also discretely sent me a full order of fried oyster on the bed of cream of spinach . Just about to think this was nice enough , he presented my son a $50 Houston's  gift card after he learned that we were here in town for his LSU and Navy graduation. WOW ! Great food and service , very impressed ! O'rion , you are the best to carry out this establishment's reputation ! Job well done ! Thanks to all your staffs to make our memorable day !Houston's, one of the only two chain restaurants I recommend; has fallen a "star", after two bad experiences in a row.
About a month ago, while Wife was out-of-town, decided I needed a prime rib.  Not wanting to go through the mess of our French Quarter parking to go to Dicky Brennan's, I settled on Houston's.  
Was told the cook had overcooked that day's prime rib, tried a steak, which came smeared with some strange sauce I had asked to omit.
This past weekend, went for a "gourmet" burger.  Server suggested "medium rare", I agreed; but got a patty which had barely seen a fire.  Ate the raw burger, anyway.
Drink order was "delayed", TWICE, a simple draft beer & iced tea.
The tortilla soup, a unique recipe, was very good.  (We have lived in West Texas.)
I hate to see one of my "standards" slip so !
Will wait a while and try again.  
But, in this City with thousands of eateries, "Third strike, and you're OUT !"
Alternates:  Expensive, it's "Mr.John's Steakhouse, a few blocks down St Charles.  Moderate, try Sun Ray Grill or "Bistro" le Citron for a ribeye.  For those willing to drive a little, local steak standouts are Dicky Brennan's or Metarie's iconic (the) "Steak Knife".
Sadly,
RickWe just stumbled in one evening since it was close to our hotel. We immediately liked the open kitchen. You can see everything going on in there and it was running very smoothly. We were told it would be a 30-40 min. wait for a table, so we went to the bar. We ordered our drinks and were told our table was ready. Bartender said she would bring us our drinks to our table. We tried the Jack Rabbit. It was very good, but a bit on the sweet side.
Our dinners were fantastic. I had been craving vegetables since we were traveling, I wasn't eating nearly the amount of veggies that I eat at home. I had the kale salad - excellent, but more spice than I expected and the veggie burger with cole slaw. Everything was excellent and I had enough leftover for my lunch the next day. My husband had prime rib, which he thought was excellent. 
I plan on trying out the one in Irvine (closest to home for me), but the reviews are very mixed on that location.Last summer was the first time that I was able to make it back to Houston's since I had first eaten there, about a month before Katrina.  I was delighted to discover that it was better than ever.
When I first got there, I was told that there would be a 45 minute wait.  Instead, I ate with a friend at the bar and the mood was great.  Because we were sitting at the bar, we were served quickly and I already had my food when I was told that I could move to a table, if I wanted.
I went on a Friday night, and apparently this is a night that they have live music.  Or maybe it's every night.  My only complaint would be that the music was super loud for such a small place, so it was hard to talk.  Other than that, I would definitely go back.Houston's has my favorite Spinach Artichoke dip. I have been eating here for years, and the rest of the menu has always been quite good as well, but the dip is the best!Real good service staff. Food was ok. I had a burger. Everything else was pretty over priced to me.On a recent trip to NO, we stopped in at Houston's on a busy Saturday night without reservations. The staff was very friendly and efficient, and we were seated in a very reasonable time.  The service and food were fine, but the real highlight of the evening was the live jazz band.  A very pleasant New Orleans experience that we would recommend to anyone.This is my Fav place to go when I'm in town, everything on the menu is yummy I've been coming here for 10 years and the food is always amazing , so tasty you have to visit if u never been. Great food , cocktails and place .Horrible Customer Service.  They REFUSED to seat a party larger than six.  Their position is that it is THEIR policy and they would not waiver.     On Friday, 12/2 at 3:00 p.m. --- the restaurant was less than half full.  We were a party of 7 (4 adults, 1 college freshman, 2 children), from 3 different cities, and of course we wanted to sit at the same table to visit.  Management absolutely REFUSED to let us pull up a chair.  We were short on time so we stayed, but be assured, it is the last time.            This policy is not stated on their website so you have no way of knowing until you get to the restaurant.We decided to have dinner here on our last night in New Orleans.  The ambiance is very nice and the live jazz music is very pleasant.  
We ordered steak and my husbands steak was undercooked but he liked it nonetheless.  We noticed that much of the food was overly salty and my brocolli was crunchy (undercooked).  Also when we walked into the restaurant the kitchen is off to the left and I saw a cook searing some chicken on a grill and texting at the same time.  Maybe if they stop texting and pay more attention to cooking, their food might turn out better.  My prime rib was fine but they forgot to give me the fries that comes with it and I had to ask for horshradish twice....so a bit annoying.
The bill came to over $150 for 3 people.  It was OK but I feel like I could have gotten a better meal elsewhere for the money.Since reading my review & several others, I dressed better, got in my Jeep, and went over to Houston's for a prime rib.
Sorry, Sir, we have no prime rib cooked less than medium tonight !
Oh-Oh, a kitchen accident.  So, went with the rib-eye with horseradish sauce on the side.
Looked around, all fellow diners were in shorts & flops. Shucks, I couldda come as I was !
So, nothing special tonight; rating stays at 3-stars.
Still, a solid place, will be back.Ordered Togo and when I got home food was freezer cold. The worst part about and called and spoke to the manager and her explanation was they are not an Togo restaurant. Will think twice before spending my good hot money with them again.Their food's consistency is the key to returning customers. The menu isn't that extensive but everything on it is top notch. They were super busy (usually are) so not a lot of personal attention from staff. Nothing was missing from the order though and everything delicious. Burger was cooked properly. They had prisoner wine by the glass which was a score. The live music was a real treat. It's a beautiful place. Great for a date night.Every time I come Houston's is always a joy. The workers who cook the food always go out of there way to please my taste buds with bold a new flavors.  So hats off to them. Keep up the good work.I just had their Cajun Trout and it was amazing. Spicy and a little buttery very easy to eat. There kale salad was amazing. I don't know how they make it but it had zero bitterness and it tasted really fresh.
I absolutely love that Houston's has a parking lot behind the restaurant. In New Orleans this makes life so convenient.
On a cold day here in New Orleans it was great to have a warm cozy booth. And the staff is always helpful without being intrusive.O.m.g. the food was delicious!  The ribs were tender. I mean fall off the bone, i don't wanna share,  tender.  The mashed potatoes,  home run. Then, the drinks were STRONG.  Can't even tell you what the glass looked like because they never let it get empty.  Yes, HOUSTON,  yes. I'll definitely be back  (in Arnold Schwarzenegger voice).The prime rib was perfect. The service was flawless. The only reason for 4 stars was excess dressing on the shrimp Louis. And I have to say, the shrimp on the Louis were spectacular! Huge and perfectly cooked!In the 90's, I used to frequent the Houston's in Metairie at least once a month. I have only been a couple of times in the past 7 years or so. My most recent visit was quite a shock. The menu is limited and the prices are sky high! They no longer offer my favorite salad, the sunbelt salad, so I settled for a house salad. I am wondering if they use cabbage instead of lettuce, because it was so tough and did not wilt even after I put extra dressing on it. Yes, they charge $1.00 for extra dressing, that is pretty trifling....
The prime rib was $32 and just came with a potato. Really?? I had a 12 ounce steak at Emeril's Delmonico recently, I don't even think it was that much, it and it came with pureed potatoes, sauteed spinach and bread. The prime rib was cooked perfectly, but really, it was not that much different than the one at Texas Roadhouse, which is about $15.95 and comes with two side dishes (can get a full size dinner salad as a side) and bread.
It's like they are trying to be "fine dining" but they still have hamburgers and chili on their menu. They are more like Zea's but with Delmonico's prices. Just save your money and eat at one of the other places I mentioned, you will feel better about it.I love Houston's. The food is great. I have been coming her for years and I will continue to! Its a chain restaurant but the food has more flavor than many of the so-called local restaurants. I may be bias since I was born and raised here, but I think my opinion counts. The food presentation is always near perfect, and the baked potatoes are to die for. This will forever be my favorite restaurant.I love the ambiance of this restaurant. The band was playing in the background, but not so loud where you couldn't carry a conversation. The staff was very friendly and we did not want for anything. Now for the food.....the Hawaiian Ribeye melted in your mouth served with a fully loaded baked potato, but no vegetable, which could have been ordered as a side. Also, the chinese chicken salad was delicious and had the best flavor. I would definitely eat here again.Short wait. Welcoming barkeep. Nice live jazz. Grilled artichoke appetizer was novel, light, and very tasty. Warm, wet washcloths for hand cleaning were an unexpected pleasure. Caesar salad was superb - classic, bite-sized romaine, fresh dressing with the perfect balance of lemon and anchovy, and house-made croutons. The BBQ ribs were very tender and delicious. The apple cobbler was disappointing. The service was quite good, though a little rushed.Simply, yet delicious. Go for the Hawaiian rib eye, medium well...  loaded baked potatoes withe the fixing on the side.Prime rib was incredibly salty and cold. Boyfriend enjoyed his salmon but I was extremely unimpressed. Our server, though, was a sweetheart who took good care of us. I appreciate her removing the prime rib from the bill but I wont be back to try the other options.This is one of my favorite restaurants and whenever I spot one I'm there.  Dined at the bar area and listened to the nice jazz ensemble .  The bar area is a good location when eating solo.  I ordered the bone-in prime rib which was cooked to perfection.and served with a loaded baked potato which was also good.  The location is superb just right off St Charles in the Art Deco district which has a nice selection of eateries.  Take the streetcar and enjoy the sites on the way.This is my first time eating at Houston's. The waitresses and bartender was very attentive. I'm big on customer service. Customer Service is excellent. The food is high quality and well prepare. The cooking process of my prime rib was correctly done. I'm very impress with the attention to details. My drink was prepare with freshly squeeze Grapefruits ,Lemons and Oranges. The level bar was raise high today. This was an experience. I will be back again.Honestly amazing food and jazz music . Some of the best food i have had and to top it all off the customer service is amazing . Truly amazing so impressed!The Hawaiian Ribeye was insanely good.  It was a great dining experience and food quality was excellent all around. Thanks to the staff that took care of us right before the curfew started for Hurricane Irma, you made our day!The food was surprisingly delicious! There's not a ton of character (it definitely seems like a chain restaurant) but the food made up for it.Ambience of this restaurant is great. I love the large open space and the classy high back seats. The restaurant is self park and located on St Charles Avenue. Very great place to have lunch. I'm not particularly crazy about the quality of the food. The flavor aren't quite complex enough for the dishes I had. OpenTable is a handy application they use when you're in a hurry and need to make reservations online.The service is always super and food is consistently delicious. We always start off with the smoked salmon and oysters. I usually order the Hawaiian ribeye, but opted to try the French dip prime rib sandwich instead. Flavors and prime rib melts right in your mouth. I don't like to dip the sandwich too much because it's a little too salty when you dip a lot. The horseradish sauce served with the sandwich is really good. The Jackrabbit drink was amazing as well, though anything with tequila in it is   quite enjoyable.This restaurant is close to my office, and have been there twice since I've landed in NOLA.  Had fish both times...a grouper sandwich which was good, but heavy on the cabbage slaw that was on the sandwich.  Today for lunch, I tried the redfish with rock shrimp...seriously good.  Yes it's overpriced, so I'm trying to keep it to once a week.  Sometimes you just need a nice lunch!  Parking was a little full today, but there is a lot across the street.Ordered the filet medium rare. . $45. Came out medium well to well. Terrible. Didn't eat half of it and server never asked how it was. Done with them