Great service from Patrick today! Food was good and very affordable. Burger was very tasty. Highly recommend you ask for the tour.Food was cold and the chicken was over fried. The Monday night drag show didn't start at 8pm. We waited until 8:30 and had to leave for another event. Very disappointing for a HOB. Chicago HOB  puts this place to shame.The House of Blues is really spacious. When I was there, there were not one, not two, not three, but four bands playing at any given time. It's easy to get lost around here, but the place has enough character that you wouldn't mind.There is a nice coffee non-tourist trap like restaurant inside the House of Blues..   When every restaurant in the Quarter is packed for lunch, this one will be open with a small crowd and plenty of seating.  I like the new menu,  the food was awesome, very tasty.  The service was polite and there when you needed it and so were the drinks.Gotta say I was pretty disappointed.  Our waiter was great and the atmosphere is interesting if a tad over the top.  I was hoping for music and there was none.  The food was really average to below average.  I had the fried chicken but it was quite dry and the mashed potatoes were boring with no sauce or flavor.  The spinach and artichoke dip was inedible.  We enjoyed our flat bread with grilled veggies but it wasn't exceptional.  If food is your thing, I would look elsewhere.Great place to see a band and have dinner or drinks. A bit pricey, like any touristy place might be. Recently saw Old Crow Medicine Show there, and it was a rockin house of blues that night. Stamina is required for "standing room only" shows, because you will be standing for awhile!The House of Blues is a must-stop every time I visit New Orleans. Although it's lost a step or two over the years, the food is still quite good. Service is always friendly and the atmosphere is great.This is our third visit to HOB, the food and drinks always disappoint. The only time the entertainment didn't disappoint was during Burlesque Week...
I really should stop coming here.  Came for a 9pm concert which hadn't started by 10, so we left.  But not before we ordered some weak drinks and bread pudding.  The weak drinks did nothing, but the bread pudding gave me food poisoning later that night (which was particularly disappointing since it tasted almost as bad coming up as it did going down).
We'll only be back for the music that doesn't play elsewhere (that we really want to see), otherwise there is better food and stronger drinks at hundreds (if not thousands) of locations across NOLA.I attended Dragapalooza tonight at the House of Blues. I understand it's s Jazz club with a house band, but they way overpowered the performers with the House band. The worst part was the band was mediocre at best, they should stick to playing the blues.We came for the Brewisiana event and the set up was grea! We had the alligator dog, the crabmeat étouffée which was delish and the bands that played were incredible. For how packed this place can get the booths were spread out and the space was used so that you could move and venture and not feel crammedWe had an awesome night at House of Blues! Our waiter, Sidney, was the best!! Had a great dinner and enjoyed a great concert with Dru Hill!! An awesome night on our 1st night in New Orleans to celebrate my birthday!!I love HOB!! The food has always been good, and the setup is great for concerts. 
The only complaint I have is that they ran out if Jameson when I was there to see American Aquarium.... They ran out of WHISKEY at a COUNTRY CONCERT!Fun restaurant. All of our food was good. Husband had chipotle shrimp and grits. I had blackened shrimp salad. Son had meatloaf.  Relief to enter a relatively calm place after being on Bourbon Street.I have tried to dine here twice before a show. Both times, the entree ticket times were over an hour. Last night was my last attempt. The wait was almost 75 minutes for 6 entrees. Mine was cold. No apologies. When I slightly complained to the waiter, his response was to roll his eyes at me and say "I don't know what to tell you, were busy"....they weren't busy. I left so angry I could scream. I would rather dine at a Lucky Dog stand.
***it is a great concert venue! The bartenders were quick and kind, and the event staff was helpful. Just eat elsewhere.Pretty average overpriced food. Standard mid-size music venue. Intimate setting if you get in line early enough. Upstairs has a pretty good view of the stage. Standard unpretentious House of Blues.I've performed at every House of Blues in the USA,  during my stint as bassist with Burning Spear... 
save for the itsy bitsy Orlando one...  
And I must admit, I always looked forward to House of Blues gigs.. especially the New Orleans Branch..
Ok, I must admit, that it is a "chain restaurant/venue".. so its not as authentic an experience .. but as far as "corporate" experiences go.. they do a pretty good job in creating atmosphere..
the folk americana.. afro centric.. blues decor is very intimate and has that raw.. sweet dark velvet vibes...
the staff are professional.. the a.c. works..  the sound is premium..  unlike gigs at "irving plaza" for example in nyc... with spotty sound..
food is first rate... and you can't beat the neighborhood..
ultimatly the french quarter amp up the vibes for House Of Blues.. spilling out into the street post gig..  belly full from a decent meal..
drifting out into the street.   its one of those sublime memories for me..
check it out......This place is great. The food is good, the music is good, everything is good. Ask for Chris he was amazing.It's a house of blues.  Pretty decent venue if a good show is playing. Wouldn't come here to eat but good for drinks and a show.I purchased a $4 skunked PBR from the bartender during the wonderful Melanie Martinez show. I tried to trade it out for another non-skunked terrible domestic beer, but she refused to make the trade and said she have to charge me an extra $1.50 for a Coors Light. Huh? She gave me a replacement PBR from the same skunked case. I told her that's not how these things worked and just gave me the stinked face. I told her it was old and bad and she looked @ the can & said no. Clearly she didn't know about the fragile composition of how beer is made & supposed to be kept, especially the holy grail of $4 12-oz PBR cans.
Then came the kicker: she told me maybe I don't like the taste of PBR. Lady one look at my beard told you that I am a giant hipster & drink PBR on the reg. I know how it's supposed to taste! Insulting, do you know how long this beard took to grow?
Anyways I threw my hands up and drank the disgusting beer because I enjoy suffering and my lady friend had a sub-par Moscow mule. Melanie Martinez was great but this was one of the worst customer service I've had in a very long time :(The venue is great, good sound and the staff is super friendly. However, HOB loses a star because of their all ages policy with alcohol. I understand not wanting alcohol around minors, but at the all-ages show I went to, they only served alcohol outside on the patio or in a separate room, which one of the staffers called the "adult room". If I wanted to have a drink during the show, I would have to watch the show on TV. I would have much preferred there being a section of the balcony in the venue where people could drink. I'm sure it would be profitable for them too.Worst Jambalaya I've ever had. Not spicy, bland, and nothing but rice. Upgraded it with shrimp & 4 pieces came on the side. I had it at the old House of Blues on Sunset & it was great there. Ice cream came melted too. Just wanted to get out of here. Felt rushed. Glad I'm not a local.Great food and prompt service at the bar. The burgers are to die for. We strongly recommend that you catch a show here as well!Great food, great service! This restaurant is cute and tucked away in the French Quarter with a nice patio area to enjoy live musicThe House of Blues in New Orleans is the perfect place to see your favorite concert....I went to see Better Than Ezra Dec. 30th and the show was amazing. The interior was so reminiscent of the art and jazz that New Orleans is so well known for; everything from the walls to the ceiling was crafted to bring that all together. 
There's a restaurant and bar attached to the HOB, but I didn't eat there so I can't review on that...it was kind of loud and very crowded in there, so don't come here on a date! 
The only thing I didn't like was how the people in charge of the concert ran the show that night. The show was supposed to have its opening act start at 7:30...but they didn't start til 45 minutes later. Then when they were done, we had to wait another 45 minutes for BTE to start singing. 
If you don't want to be stuck in a crowd and actually want to breathe, either go upstairs early and get a front view from the railing, or downstairs near the bar on the right side by the steps. We stood at the top of the steps near the speakers and the view was great, no obstruction at all. 
Unless you have special ticket privileges, you will be standing for this concert. The only seats are the box balcony seats upstairs. They keep this place cool so you won't come out pouring with sweat like most concert halls.You went to the freaking holy land for Southern food and you got stuck at Crossroads. Pity. 
We went to Crossroads before a show at the House of Blues and we could have had so much more.
Our food took more than an hour to get to us, was cold, and overpriced ($55 for pulled pork sliders, jambalaya and a couple PBRs?). Our waitress said it was because the show was sold out, but the restaurant was half empty.
On top of this, the food was not good. The jambalaya was soupy, the pulled pork sliders cold, and the mac and cheese side looked like Velveeta. 
Two stars. Only because our waitress was sincerely sorry for the wait. That and the cool Louisiana folk art on the walls.My wife and I enjoyed lunch here on NYE. The hostess was very inviting and our waitress was attentive and friendly. Atmosphere was great. The music was good, and the artwork was awesome. The blackened Mahi Mahi fish sandwich was delicious, as were the Voodoo Shrimp!  Great place!Brunch Review Only
Overall: Not worth it.  I was really excited. Too excited, probably.  I work a brunch every Sunday and for the past few weeks I got myself through the misery by thinking "Soon, I'll be the one eating waffles!"
The "endless mimosas" are, indeed, endless, if you can find someone to give you a refill and the six employees passing your table with a giant pitcher will stop. We were seated off to the side, at a table that really shouldn't exist when part of the deal is a show.  My back was up against a giant speaker and I had to turn 180 to see the band.  The food was okay, but not replenished very quickly and absolutely nothing was labeled, so you had to channel your quick overview of the "sample menu" to decide what things might be.  They ran out of fruit after the first round and didn't bring out a new bowl, which ended up being only pineapple and nothing else, until near the end of the show, for example. 
The show itself was fine, but was all of 5 or 6 songs.  And the "gospel" part of the brunch was in full swing.  It was a highly religious performance.  I expect a little bit of that, obviously, but I didn't expect 1/3 of the performance to be some guy literally preaching a sermon, nor did I expect the audience to be poked and prodded and 'witnesses' demanded. Illustration: A gentleman took the mic and said "Blah blah blah, we have to respect Jesus.  Just like, what if now, people, a guy with a Magnum walked in here, ready to shoot us, and told us to put our hands up in respect?  Well now, you have to respect Jesus like that, so put your hands up and witness." Um... what?
The last ten minutes of the show consisted of dragging people with birthdays up on stage and asking them about themselves, then singing them happy birthday.  I didn't really pay $50+ for five songs and then 10 minutes of watching people be embarrassed.  I wouldn't recommend this unless $50 is change for you, in which case, it's probably worth it.  I'd rather have a great meal somewhere else and watch a free show after.I wish I could give this place zero stars. I went with my group of friends, excited to see what this restaurant had to offer. We walked in, a group of 7, to a dead and empty restaurant. We asked for a table, to which the host replied "it will be at least an hour and a half wait, also rule of thumb, you need a reservation for parties bigger than 5." Needless to say we took our business elsewhere and were very disappointed with the lack of service and accommodation at this restaurant.HoB... overpriced drinks (they have "specials," but it's still $8 for an itty bitty cocktail), awful VIP seating, but decent acoustics and lots of cool decor.
I purchased VIP seating for the M83 show back in April or May - the minute the tickets went on sale. The website didn't give me a choice of where to sit, but I assumed VIP meant up on the balcony with an awesome view. I gladly paid extra, since I'm getting old and like to spoil myself sometimes.
Anyhow, we were first to arrive in the empty VIP section. There really isn't any clear direction as to where you're supposed to go... the ticket scanning woman told us to go upstairs and "talk to the guy." Well, after finding a bouncer, we were directed to an individual dressed all in black. He looked at his seating chart and directed us to the bleachers in the roped off area, in one corner. We sat on the bottom of the 2 rows enjoying the drinks we spent $8 each + tip on at the bar. 
Eventually a couple more people showed up for VIP seating, and the guy dressed in black informed us that we would have to move to the back of the bleachers. This is THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE SEAT EVER. I'm 5'2" and my feet wouldn't touch the ground. I had to use the seat in front of me, which was fine since nobody was sitting in that spot. 
The opening act came on, and I discovered that thanks to the railing, I could only see 1/2 of the stage. Lovely VIP tickets, really! Then it got worse when a group of guys came and sat in front of us. Foot space? Gone. Any ability to see the stage at all? Gone.
We stood up for the main event. But of course, my little 5'2" self couldn't see ANYTHING behind the average-height guys standing in front of us. I decided enough was enough and moved to the corner of the balcony, and stood there for the remainder of the show. Luckily the employee dressed in black didn't say a word to me, because this would have been a 1 star review if he told me to go back to my spot.
My suggestion would be to just buy your tickets at the Box Office if you are interested in VIP seating, so that you can ask exactly where you are going to be seated. If the top row of the bleachers is the only option, you're better off with General Admission tickets.
M83 gets 5 stars. HoB, you get 2.The food was good, I'm writing to warn you to check your bill!
After enjoying the first Sunday (January 27, 2013) of Mardi Gras (shouldn't be, darned Super Bowl!) the wife and I came here basically for nostalgic reasons.  Had 4 glasses of wine between us, the voodoo shrimp appetizer, meat loaf and New York strip, all good.  The meat loaf did taste a lot like meat balls and tomato sauce though. The old recipe was much better.  Why do they mess with success?   Our server treated us well, we had no complaints about anything really.  But when our bill came the total seemed a little high for two diners.  On closer inspection the server had charged us for two glasses and two BOTTLES of wine! When he came back by, I showed the bill to him and he immediately corrected it with apologies.  Mistake or abuse of tourists?  You decide.So being from Houston I was expecting this large, commercialized concert venue and when I got inside I was pleasantly surprised at the intimacy of the venue. They have some awesome shows here and the space is pretty sweet. You can really see the performers or bands from any angle of the venue either in the front, back by the bar or of course above with the rich folk. So far I've seen Keb Mo and a Burlesque show and immediately bought tickets to additional shows after the first one I saw here. 
The place is easy to get to if you want to venture downtown but steer clear of the French Quarter which is important to me as well. The sound system is solid and the size of this venue really makes seeing a show here pretty darn awesome. Drinks are a bit pricey here but that's a standard at all HOB venues. I'd recommend drinking before, or not at all and just enjoying some high quality musicians.If you are dying to go to a tourist trap and eat bland spinach and artichoke dip and  fried chicken (yes, I said fried chicken); mediocre service (at best) versus going to one of the hundreds of great restaurants in NOLA, then go to the House of Blues to eat.  I can't say anything about the music venue, but the restaurant should be avoided.  The décor is bizarre to say the least; something out of Game of Thrones - House of Black & White with all the shadow faces on the ceiling.  We could have dealt with that if our food was ok at best.    Do yourself a favor, if you plan to go there for music, eat somewhere else first!I've been to the house of blues in other cities and had expectations that simply were not meet here in New Orleans. The burgers were tough, fries cold and the lobster mac and cheese was tasteless. One bright spot in our party was the meatloaf which got an OK and the garlic mash potatoes that got a thumbs up. The manger Leon came by the table we expressed our displeasure with the meal and he apologized but made zero accommodation which was very disappointing. There are so many choices in downtown New Orleans my suggestion is go someplace elseWe attended the Sunday Gospel Brunch October 1st. If you arrive early, they seat you in the bar and provide awesome entertainment and a history of Gospel music. Once allowed to enter the venue, we went straight to the omelette station as recommended. The chef is great and friendly. Some of the food was late, meat carver, and some was frequently out, chicken and waffles. So, get what you want early and just ask the staff for assistance. Mimosas, coffee, tea, and juice are included. Be sure to leave a tip in the bucket at the end.
We loved the Gospel Music and the testimonies of their faith. If you have a family member with an addiction, "just pray and step away." Great words from the entertainer with many years of experience. I've waited many years to attend  Gospel Brunch and I'm glad I got to go in New Orleans.This was my friends and myself first visit to NOLA. We came across HoB and decided to eat here. It was a Saturday afternoon around 2:30pm. 
Derek was our server and he was apologetic that nobody came to our table for the first 15 minutes of us being seated. Mind you the restaurant was not busy what so ever. It took about 20-30 minutes to receive our drinks (which was only waters and two beers), and about an hour to get our main courses.
Another server had delivered our food and the cooks/servers had mixed up orders. So we had to wait another 10 minutes for our food. Which overall was amazing. 
We were so starving that we ate our entrees so quickly. When we received the check our waiter never came to pick up, so we went straight to the hostess and paid for our meal at the front. Mind you once we were ready to pay, we noticed an item was added that we did not order. The manager was very apologetic and took it off our check and mentioned it was our servers mistake. 
Overall, food was amazing but the service at this location was a fail. I can understand if it was busy due to the location of the restaurant but it was not.We are visiting New Orleans and found HOB while walking around - didn't know what to expect, but thought the menu looked good and reasonably priced.  
We we're thrilled with everything we got - jambalaya, ribs, and buttermilk fried chicken for dinner and a couple orders of bourbon bread pudding (1 free for checking in on Yelp) for dessert.
The portion sizes were generous and everything was delicious. Three service was great as well.We had looked forward to the Sunday Gospel Brunch. We had excellent seats (all seats are good), the show (service) consisted of 4 songs and a gentleman that had the microphone almost in his mouth and screamed. You could not understand anything that he said. The food was above average, good made to order omelets, fried chicken good size shrimp and other Cajun dishes. The service was pitiful, took 30 minutes to get a cup of decaf, mimosas were good but you had to hunt down a server or go and get one.Good spot for a break if you're near it.  If you get a chance to be there on a night that they have a show don't miss out if you can. Best to be early vs. on time.Great atmosphere from the street into and including the decor of the restaurant. It has the feel of a back alley kind of place even though you know that it is artificial. My service was very friendly and competent. The macaroni and cheese side was very well done and the corn bread appetizers is delicious.We were here for a special event and at first i was let down by the place, but once i started going up stairs and exploring all the character packed side rooms i quickly found out why this place is one of the top night life locations. I was really impressed by the quality and thought of the rooms, the ample bar locations, the quickness of the staff and the overall character.Food & service ok.  I bought a collared shirt from the gift shop (paid full price cash) for a for friend in California.  Unfortunately it didn't fit. My friend called and they said to send it back but couldn't guarantee they could do it.  They said now they have to return to store!!! Hello we live in Nevada and our friends live in California!!!  They are NOT customer friendly.  I would NOT buy anything or patronize this restaurant or store again.
Very disappointed.What a perfect place for an event! Kari and Beth Ann were without a doubt top notch in planning, providing excellent service and making sure the event went smoothly from beginning to end. 
The food was terrific, the space is funky and awesome and the personalization add-ons are unique! 
Kari allowed us to sneak away to the Foundation for bride and groom formals before making our grand entrance at the Parish. Such a great spot for photos! 
I cannot say enough good things about House of Blues! Our guests were wowed and we were completely satisfied. 
I would recommend again and again. I couldn't imagine a place that would have been more magnificent!Been to many concerts.  Love the venue. My gf and I went to the American Aquarium concert this past Friday and I really wanted a Jameson and ginger (as anyone should at an AA concert). But this particular time, the downstairs bar was out of Jameson. However, the staff is always friendly and helpful. I'm looking forward to next time.Went to go see Will Vance and the Kinfolk play. The show was amazing. We were hungry in between bands so we ordered good at the bar, then went back to the venue. The service was amazing as well as the food. The people are all so nice.Great food and weight staff! We ordered the shrimp Po-boy and voodoo shrimp! Excellent dishes!My friends and I had had a string of bad services in NOLA during our trip. On our last night, we decided to go to House of Blues on a whim. It was the best decision we made the entire trip! The service was incredibly friendly, the performer was funny, talented, and provided a diverse range of music, and the food was good as well. The food was not outstanding, but the service and ambience definitely makes it a place worth visiting.About time to update my review. I still enjoy the concert space. The drinks aren't the cheapest. But the concert space is good. It's tough to find a seat, so plan on standing for the whole evening and wear comfy shoes.
On this particular occasion, I stepped outside for a moment to warm up (the A/C works REALLY well). And as I was standing on the little entrance porch, the doors banged open and I got to see a malcontent tossed out onto the bricks below. A few moments later, his wife (girlfriend?) was tossed out after him, followed by her shoe. My friends had witnessed the two of them trying to pick fights with others in the crowd. So that was exciting.
The band sounded good and the crowd watching was entertaining...even after the couple was ejected.This review is for the gospel brunch only. 
Atmosphere: fun,lively snd pretty atmosphere. BUT they had WAY too many chairs squeezed into our table. I could not comfortably eat and my friend's seat was where two tables met and her plate wouldn't  even sit properly on the table.  C-
Food:  the food was not good. Everything was room temperature. Tons of carbs. Not enough meat choices. The only meats were pork loin, baked chicken, and chicken tenders. All were dry and bot hot. Others there said that on other visits, there was boiled shrimp, oysters, and fried chicken. Not this time. The buffet was on par with Golden Corral or Ryan's. D-
Drinks: unlimited mimosas! When we first got there, they were Dow to fill our glasses, but once the show got going, they kept them coming. 
Service: pretty slow. When I was ready for more food, I picked up my own dirty plate and brought it to the bus bin. C-
Music:  the show, music and performers were fantastic. A
Value: because the food wasn't good, that makes this a poor value at $50 per ticket for an hour and a half show. DOverbooked..the music was good but couldn't see it. The VIP area is a joke. It's close to the stage but cut offs the musicians. I will love to give less than two stars but the music is usually good. No seating available and the drinks are expensive. $8 for a small wine. Come really early so you can see.My family and I enjoyed the food as well as the decorations on the inside. However,  it was expensive and many items were sold out. The waitress spent several minutes talking about the alcoholic beverages. I got the Caesar salad. It was mediocre, and the bread that came with it was not tasty. There was a nice atmosphere, though. All the music played wasn't blues. No blues vibe.1st time visitor to New Orleans and I had no idea where to go. House of Blues came highly recommended by Josh, one of the staff members, and boy he right! Our waitress Shannon was one of the most amazing waitress I have come in contact with. She was so friendly, full of fun energy and extremely knowledgeable about the menu. The food was delicious, especially the banana bread pudding! It was the best I've ever eaten (sorry mom) Did I mention the entertainment? It's a must see!! 
We'll definitely be back the next time we visitMy mom and I had fun at the Sunday Gospel Brunch.   The food was awesome there was a so much to choose from, very tasty.  The service was great, very fast and polite.  They kept the mimosa's coming.    The show was very good sang happy songs!  Made you want to clap your hands!  This dinner and a show that I felt I got my monies worth :)Sooooooooo pissed. I was with a large group of people who were scheduled to show up at 9:30 on a friday night. It 2as a catered order, but they closed the kitchen at 9pm on a Friday night. Those wgo didn not like/eat the awful catered food had no other choices because they had already closed the kitchen.We came here for a late lunch and it was horrible. The server was all over the place, he was curt, and messed up the order. I felt bad because he had over ten tables while the manager was just strolling around and not pitching in to help. My cobb salad was disgusting... the lettuce was frozen, the avocados were brown, and the blue cheese was non-existent. I was still eating the salad when he removed it from the table. Our friends ordered the ribs and they were ok, but not memorable. They explicitly said that they were sharing them, but didn't get an extra plate.Nice atmosphere but wasn't really into the selection of food. I did enjoy the red based Jambalaya. My drink did nothing for me. Simple margarita with a side of almorrta didn't even get me tipsy like it does in most places. The food was over priced..Food was good, music great. Hostess was terrible and would not let us sit by another family near music because she had to seat other server first even though restaurant was almost empty.  We finally started leaving and they sat us at the table we wanted. Our server was fantastic. The also honored the free dessert.We went at 2 pm on Monday afternoon, so the restaurant was understandably empty. 
We started with corn bread with jalapeños + maple butter - delicious! And the got a side of the Mac n cheese - it was kind of bland, but the I added a little salt and it was much better. They just under-salted the dish. 
Had the shrimp po'boy (added Tabasco) - very good and flavorful!
Service (Cheryl) was awesome! Perhaps due to no one being there, but she was friendly, helpful, and attentive. All in all, a very positive experience.Ive found myself in this place twice... once because I met Gwar at the Abbey and they out us on their guest list, and once before that because I had been assured there would be free rum from a Bacardi promotion.... THERE WAS NO FREE RUM! 
Going to the House of Blues gave me an insight as to what it must be like to live under a totalitarian regime.... Everything is expensive, you are searched for contraband on the way in (to insure you don't bring your own drinks) and you can't leave unless you want to defect and not be able to come back in..... 
It's also been wall to wall packed both times I went so be sure not to wait too long to head for the bathroom, you might not make it if you do. This also means you'll want to order as much booze as you can afford before the band you want to see goes on, otherwise you might miss half their show trying to get through the crowd at the bar. 
I might go back if there's a band I'm willing to pay 30 buck or more to see, but then again I had free tickets for The Descendants and I gave them away and got drunk on the river instead... so probably not.Billy Idol show, 2015! Enough said! :-Di'm torn with this review. because the restaurant food is just not what anyone wants to eat when they can have authentic soul food just about anywhere else in new orleans. 
but
the venue is incredible. i have been to a lot of house of blues venues and usually deal with super rude/incompetent staff. this is not the case at this venue. every gig i have been to here, the staff have been friendly, informative and efficient. if they don't know the answer to my question, they figure it out for me without any grumbles. I always enjoy shows here!Having been contacted by the manager I have found out that it is a simple mistake to charge someone for bottles of wine instead of glasses.  Hopefully the wait staff will learn from this.  My wife's and my experience was overall good, and if they return to the old meatloaf recipe (my wife's demand!) we'll definitely be back.We stopped here for lunch.  It was not busy and service was SLOW. Food was lukewarm and the wedge of lime that came with my tacos looked like it was cut 3 days ago.This review is for the music venue.
As one of the only "big" music venues in the city, needless to say, I'm here for almost every show. I recently saw Big Sean, Wale, Yellowcard, and Colbie Caillat, so a good mixture of artists come through here. 
Atmosphere: Not much lighting, but enough to see where you're going. Gets a little crowded in some pockets like the stairs. The venue itself is kind of small to have held some big names like Trey Songz and Avant (the best show I've seen at HOB was LMFAO). The decor adds a little character to the place though. Overall, I like it. 
Bathroom: There are two: one on the first and one on the second floor (obviously), but people rarely to go to the second floor even though it's cleaner and less crowded. I never had a good experience with the bathrooms there because they were always so dark, you couldn't even tell where you were peeing! Ok, exaggerating, but it was just that dark. Not very clean either... 
Bar: I've always had quick service, no matter what kind of event it was. However, for some strange reason, I always feel extremely nauseous when I drink here (I get cocktails). I doubt that it's me because I'm fine anywhere else I drink. Perhaps if I had a bottled beer, my night would've played out differently. 
Box office: why are they only open 12-6? Who knows, but the people behind that window are always so helpful and informative. Tickets are cheaper when you buy them at the actual box office anyway (no service/convenience fees). 
Parking: it sucks, but wherever you park, the walk isn't that bad. You pass by quite a few interesting shops.We decided to eat here before a show on March 5 because we purchased "pass the line" tickets which we could redeem in the restaurant.
Tried to make reservations for 4pm, but they only had 4:30pm available. When we showed up at 4pm, there were only two other tables eating food so they seated us immediately. 
The waitress was great, knowledgeable and the manager came out and asked us how we were doing. They had some interesting beers on tap.
Juicy Lucy burger - tasted good but was incredibly greasy and made her feel nauseous 
Market fish of the day - sauteed and pan roasted in olive oil - this was incredibly disgusting. It tasted fishy, NOT fresh at all, the texture was disturbing, and it was greasy. 
Not to mention, the people behind us ordered a spinach and artichoke appetizer that they said tasted like wet, frozen spinach.
This restaurant does NOT use fresh ingredients. I'm pretty sure my fish had been frozen and then thawed and the spinach was frozen spinach. Why have a restaurant in New Orleans where you don't serve fresh fish? If that fish was fresh, there was something terribly wrong with it.Very disappointed with our experience here. We came here for dinner on our last night in the city and were very underwhelmed with the service and the food, which was very upsetting as we have had outstanding food, drinks, and an overall experience at the many other restaurants we went to throughout our trip. This restaurant was practically empty and we waited for over a half hour to get our food, which was disappointing in and of itself. Three of us got burgers and the fourth got a salad. The burger I ordered was supposed to come out medium, and I got it very well down and dry. The other two ordered burgers that our server recommend they get well done in order to thoroughly cook the bacon inside and they were very rare. Absolutely not worth wasting a night in such a great city with this place. There are SO many great local restaurants that you will have a MUCH better experience with. We would recommend Oceana on Bourbon St., Crescent City Brewhouse on Decatur St., even Wilie's Chicken which have a ton of different locations. Bottom line - avoid this place when there are so many other great paces to eat in such an amazing city!Food:
Lobster mac and cheese!
Voodoo shrimp!
Tater tot appetizer !
And of course the meat loaf!
Drinks:
Hurricanes of course!
Must do must go!
Great music of course goes without saying!Atmosphere was really good. Loved the music. Had me rocking while eating! Kris Russ our waiter was spot on. My BYOB (build your own burger) which included bacon, mushrooms, American and pepper jack cheese and spicy cucumbers was OH MY! Will certainly be back!get the house salad, the pecans were fabulous, sweet and spicy all in one. I had the lobster mac and cheese. real lobster. Awesome!The House of Blues is a great place for intimate concerts and events. Typically the concerts are standing room only but you can opt to stand upstairs or downstairs. I typically get a drink or two at the bar before the show so I can easily figure out where I want to stand.The 1 star goes to the initial customer service experience, however food and subsequent service was way below par. The roast beef on the French Dip was RAW.....I mean BLOODY. They insisted to have the chance to make it right....it came and back as medium rare served on the SAME bread. They offered no reduction in the tab which is the usual courtesy. As a consequence, I will not return and am compelled to relate the experience.Friday night crawfish boil is the place to be! $10 for 2 lbs, drink specials and live music! Seasoned to perfection with a kick!  It was a rainy day so they put up a tent to make the patio enjoyable!Caught a very random show here during one of my trips to New Orleans.  Wasn't too excited about the band, but it's a cool, intimate venue and I'd go back...*Review for concert experience.
As with many HOB locations, this venue didn't disappoint. The mostly standing room only with 2 levels and more intimate feel allows for a good to great spot anywhere. 
Saw Robert Randolph and the Family Band during Jazzfest weekend and it was AMAZING! Sound and crowd was awesome. Drinks were strong and flowing. Didn't get to try the food since we were here for just the music and have a good time... and you will have a good time. 
I'd definitely be back!The service here started out very badly. The manager came by our table though and immediately addressed our issue by giving us a new server, Sequoia, who was delightful.  The food was pretty average.  Great to be able to grab a meal before a show.Two Second Review - We came her for a company event - so all I can really comment on is the drinks, music and atmosphere. All were excellent. Enough said :-)We enjoyed a meal, beers and some music here on a Wed night.  Very very good service.  Stephanie was our waitress m, and she took excellent care of us.We were in the restaurant during the BCS game...Presley was our waitress, she's fantastic. Cornbread was pretty good, pulled pork was better than most, BBQ Bacon Burger was stereotypical and overcooked.  Overall good night.  They are proud of their food and drinks, but since its the HOB you can't be surprised.Saw GWAR here back in '03 and got sprayed with fake blood and vomit while exiting the men's room. So yeah, it's a pretty intimate venue.This is not a review or rating of the food, since we never got to eat.
We have eaten at several HoB's and decides we would try the one in New Orleans. No reservations so we walked in.  The place was not busy, but when we checked in the hostess told us 30-40 minutes (only 2 of us). Looking around there were at least 10 empty booths and tables.  One was clearly set up for a larger group, but we figured surely we would get seated quick at one of the many others.  So we decided to sit at the bar and have a beer, which I was hoping was the reason they told us we had to wait.  Anyway 15 minutes later 2 parties had been seated and a few had left, but we were still waiting.  I understand they may have had some reservations they were holding tables for, but that is just ridiculous.  So we left.  The hostess told us to have a nice evening and could clearly not have cared less that we were leaving.  Went to the Palace Cafe and had a fabulous meal.  Unfortunately we never got to try the HoB.I ate here prior to a concert at the House of Blues, so it was convenient to be close to the show. We were seated upon arrival. Our server was tentative and quick service. Hurricane drink was good. The best part of the dinner was the triple chocolate cheesecake!!! As a huge chocolate fan, major points for this place!!!