Great food, fast service and friendly staff. Seems like it'd be a lively place in the evening. Staff was lovely and very accommodating. Friendly as can be and the food was amazing!  Alligator platter did not disappoint and the catfish po boy turned me back on to catfish, well done Huck's!!!Food was good. Walked over here for breakfast before our Segway tour which is right across the street. Our first waitress was sort of rude. My friend asked for a poboy from the lunch menu and the waitress blandly replied with a straight "no." Our waitress then stopped serving our table because she was in a rush I guess, so she gave our orders to another waitress who had just clocked in. The new waitress had to take our orders again because she was confused, I guess, on what our former waitress gave her. My same friend ordered just a coke this time because she doesn't like breakfast food. Her coke never came out. Service here is bad, the waitresses tend to forget things and have a slightly bad attitude. 
But anyway I got the eggs Benedict with ham it was really good!The bartender FINE ASS John was amazing. Best bartender I've ever had! Great stories and even better drinks!! Please stop by and have a great time with the super freak!Food is ok but the service was terrible. Good place to watch the game.Good little find.  Kinda up I the air for dinner and came across this place.  The Gator platter was good, and was supposed to be fried but got it blackened.  Our server was very friendly and attentive as well. The jambalaya my wife had was good as well.Debris Poboy. Debris should be burnt ends from roast beef . This was poorly cooked roast beef shredded. Terrible . Couldn't tear the bread it was so tough . What a disappointment . Will not return. Beer was fine. Boring French fries . Way over priced .I am visiting New Orleans and my family and I saw Huck Finn's Cafe.  We went in to be seated was told that our wait would be 30 minutes.  After the 30 minutes, I went in to ask the hostess if we would be able to sit at separate tables if our wait would be any longer.  But, before I could get my question out, the general manager Guy Pellitteri said, " I told you we have to clear a table".  I told him that he did not have to have an attitude or be rude to a potential customer.  He did not apologize for responding in a rude way.  My family and I decided not eat there.  Didn't get a chance to see if we would enjoy the food due to this rude behavior from the general manager.  Everyone should be treated with respect.Food was very good. Service could be improved.
I had the pulled pork po-boy while my boyfriend was more adventurous and tried the alligator po-boy. He was happy enough with his food but not sure if he liked the alligator taste (just in general, not the fault of the restaurant). I loved my pulled pork. The BBQ sauce that came on top of it was divine - and I usually don't like BBQ sauce at all! Whether it was homemade or out of a can, I'm not sure and I actually don't care - it was gorgeous and added lots of juiciness to an already juicy and generous serving of pulled pork. The meat came between a large sandwich of fresh bread, with more fries than I could handle. 
Service was weird. We arrived at lunchtime on Sunday and the place was less than one thirds full. Despite this, the host took quite a while looking at a seating map, and then sat us right at the back of the restaurant on barstools?! Wtf? What about all the window seating, and the regular tables and chairs? We weren't even given an option of where or how we would like to sit. No tables were reserved, either. 
Our server was nice but she got my order wrong, bringing me a roast beef po-boy. No big deal, but she delivered the food swiftly and then ran away, literally before I even had a chance to say ''uh, this isn't what I ordered''. I had to follow her to the bar and explain. The food was replaced promptly, so promptly that it made me question their kitchen practices and how fresh the food REALLY is. My pulled pork was on the table less than two minutes after I alerted the server about their error. Definitely tasted great and it SEEMED fresh, but what's going on in their kitchen?? Are all the entrees just sitting there under heating, pre-made and waiting to be served??
Not sure if I would go back, but the food DID taste great.I'm a fan for the food and definitely not a fan for the sports bar experience. Spent an NFL Sunday here and I really liked the breakfast omelet. It was called the Achafalaya and it had crawfish and an awesome creole sauce. The fact that it came with a side of grits made it even more special. Tasty flavorful breakfast which is a rarity these days in the age of scrambled eggs and toast.
However, the sports bar experience was kinda lame. Definitely not too many real football fans. Did not hear too much yelling and screaming despite two games going into overtime. I suspect the place is more hopping when the saints go matching in, but I was in town only for a week and did not get the opportunity to witness that.Extremely mediocre lunch experience. Everything, from the dry po'boy to the single-sausage bite of jambalaya, was not exactly satisfying yet not exactly offensive. 
I wouldn't waste a meal in NOLA here.A group of us went there thinking we would be able to eat crawfish off the top of a plastic tablecloth, because walking by this place the night before we saw it, but when we sat down and asked about that the waiter gave us a smile and said sorry that was a private party and they brought all that in!!!  We were all so jealous we were not invited to that party!
We decided to have some drinks and the waiter was nice enough to point us to Deanie's Seafood.  (A great recommendation!)
We did try the local beer Abita Andygator; nice light beer...another great recommendation by the waiter!
I think we would of def. ate there if we were not on a mission to have some crawfish!Sunday, just after the noon hour and of the course the place was packed.  We were prepared to wait 10 minutes (as promised) for a table, but NOT 30 minutes for our drinks and over an hour for our food.  Drinks were watery and overpriced, food was very, very mediocre. Alligator sausage was very greasy, BBQ shrimp overdone to the point of rubber-ness!  I had a mint julep, couldn't taste the bourbon and didn't understand the club soda on top, all for $12.00!!  Sloppy service and poor food - such a disappointment in a city known for great food.Food was great and came out very quick!!! Our waitress was Tia and she was so attentive and sweet! 
We had the fried pickles which were good, but the Cajun egg rolls were INCREDIBLE! Chicken Toulouse was also very good. Shrimp and grits were good but a little spicy for my taste, if you like spicy then they would be perfect for you! 
Nice little restaurant that I definitely recommend if you want some good food that's not too pricey.Shrimp Po boy was DELISH! And the fries are so tasty, a good lunch find while exploring New Orleans!Kagnee G was an awesome waitress. Food was great.  I ordered a Cajun bellini and a Atchafalaya and it was awesome. Decor was cool.  Didn't wait long at all. Will go back againWorth the trip! Service was top notch and the food was fresh and hot!Jambalaya so so dry-avoid. The French bread seemed a few days old. The shrimp Po boy: the friend shrimp had an strong odd chemical flavor to them that made them inedible. Very overrated restaurant, very touristy, and food that is crappy.Food is great but service is a little slow.
The biscuits and grits are delicious and the only really noteworthy menu items but all of the food is good.
We had a little delay with our food order but the waiter did take care of and took it off the menu.
I'd come back here for breakfast again.Recommended from concierge at hotel but the food and service was sub par. (Perhaps they get kickbacks). We had the shrimp pasta and the Cajun Trio.  The jambalaya was very dry and had to ask for bread (they brought one slice each, really??) Too many choices in French Quarter so don't recommend spending the money here.Dara, our server was excellent.  Great margaritas I might say also.  Nice clean restaurant combo'd with sports bar.  Can't go wrong here.What they label as BBQ shrimp on their menu...I don't know what it is, but I know what it ain't...BBQ shrimp! Or maybe the chef who made mine was getting happy in the 'hour', and mixed up some wrong ingredients. teh velvet hammer loves the grits there, and Tamia G. is right about the mozzo sticks- taste more like cheesy fish sticks hold th echeese, BUT my new fav there is the hamburger with blue cheese and bacon YUM!I had the quarter stack Pancakes and in a word delicious 
Will certainly revisit on my return trips to New OrleansSo good! If your looking for a casual Cajun restaurant just this is definitely a good placeAmazing food and just far enough away from the chaos of bourbon st. Yet close enough to walk to. Each menu item is hand prepared, no frozen junk here!! We loved it!I stopped in here for lunch recently when pressed for time (this restaurant was around the corner from where I was working) I found a large staff of very friendly people.  My waiter was quite happy to help me pick an entree for lunch and remained attentive throughout my visit.  
I ended up having the Jambalaya Wrap.  I found the rice to be quite mushy, but the rest of the flavors were definitely there.  
I don't think I'd specifically seek out this restaurant, but it was a solid meal and I always appreciate friendly service.Ate here over the weekend when a friend sent me a soon-to-expire coupon for this restaurant and I just so happened to be in the Fr. Qtr. with out-of-town family.  OK, this is a tourist restaurant, BUT in the lesser of the evils of tourist restaurants.  I mean, I'm local but I don't hang out in the Qtr. enough to know what's not a tourist trap because the entire French Quarter is one big tourist trap!  LOL.  Anyhoo...we had to eat and we had mostly kids to feed, so no Arnaud's for us!
I was surprised that the food was really pretty OK.  I ordered the fried oyster salad...the oysters were huge and fried just right.  Really enjoyed that salad!!  My niece's red beans and rice (with sausage) were pretty good...not the most amazing I've had but really pretty good.  My other niece's jambalaya was really good!  I was shocked at how much chicken and sausage there was in it...usually restaurant jambalaya consists primarily of tomato gravy'd up rice...blech.  I'm not a fan.  But, this jambalaya was surprisingly good.  My sister's fish with etouffee on top was OK...it was cooked well, but maybe just a tad bland.  The accompanying vegetables were amazing, not mushy, seasoned well.  Really good.
Overall, if you want to eat a decent meal and it has to be in the Fr. Qtr., this is not a bad option at all!Our server had 7 tables to herself, plus 4 people at the bar and she did amazing! She is so friendly! Her name was Kagnee. She was so sweet!! The food was delicious. I had a crab dip and it was the bomb! The food came out really fast, and it's good portion sizes. I would recommend this place to everyone.Staying next door to this restaurant at the LaGalerie Hotel. Great decor and atmosphere with ZERO wait time! The Hangover Burger and The Pirogue were fantastic and reasonably priced for the Quarter.  I'd be remiss if I didn't mention they serve PJ's medium roast coffee which was amazing.  However, the entire breakfast was capped by terrific service by our waitor Elijah! Highly recommended!Wonderful meal. Had the BBQ burger... Yes. I am the person that goes to New Orleans and doesn't eat fish or seafood. Burger and fries were perfectly cooked. Didn't give it 5 stars as it was kind of a warm night and it was kind of warm and humid in there. Servers and staff were ridiculously friendly.I had the shrimp and grits, the shrimp was rubbery and the sauce wasn't great. They got my friends order wrong. Just not a very good place.Stopped by Huck Finns as it was a pick up place for a tour we had booked. We had enough time for breakfast so reviewed the menu..
We both had Pain Perdu which basically means you are getting french toast with a small bowl of fruit.
The french toast was excellent, maybe the best we have eaten in a long while. The menu says it is prepared New Orleans style. Not sure what that means but it was something a little unique to make it different than other french breads (Pain Perdu) we have had.
The fruit was okay but the star of the show is the Pain Perdu.
The waitress was excellent, there to refill the coffee when needed and friendly.This is a great place to watch any Saints game or college football game. They have plenty of beer on tap and a great menu. I always order wings and they are always great. My husband ordered a hanburger and his stomach really hurt last time after he ate it. Stick to the beer and wings!We were a little disappointed because we really wanted to go to this restaurant for breakfast but we were too late and ended up having lunch.  This was a great little sports bar right down the street from our hotel so it was a perfect  spot to grab a quick sandwich. Being tourists we were all about the po' boys, so we each got a different one: shrimp, catfish, and oyster.  All three were really great, the thing that stood of the most was the bread.  It was so fresh and not soggy or chewy. It was perfect.  We all really enjoyed our sandwiches and would definitely return, hopefully for breakfast because their breakfast menu looks delicious!Awful, awful, awful. 
Turn around and RUN away. 
Hurry up, don't pass GO, just keep running Forrest Gump style.
So here's my story/nightmare:  6 ladies went out to walk around town to forage for breakfast, the other 2 places we found on YELP had lines out the door; including the Ruby Slipper which in hindsight we should've just waited since it took so long here anyhow would've been the same difference.  We walked right into this place and sat down. Probably should've rang bells out loud.
We sit down.  We are greeted and our waitress has a new trainy shadow. Nothing happens for about 10 mins, no waters, no waitress[es], nothing.  Finally they come back get our drink orders and we wait some more.  10 mins later we get waters but no drinks [a crying shame in NOLA].  10 mins after that we are finally able to 'place' our oder and get our drinks [keep counting b/c this is the longest breakfast of my life].  
We then wait another 30 mins and get our food probably an hour and half after we sat maybe 2, it was close.  We inquired about it at least 3 times and we have 2 waitresses mind you.  Additionally, manager never came over, never checked on us, no apologies, no hustles, very poorly managed [and it shows!] and now the restaurant is empty.  
Also, we were 30 mins away from being able to order lunch. No less than 2 other tables sat down after us, ORDERED lunch, ate and left and we are still waiting on our breakfast.  We had to keep drinking b/c we were going to eat our own arms. We actually asked for our toasts to be delivered BEFORE our meals b/c we were about to die of starvation.
We also used the YELP coupon for free beignets [which was still on the check when we finally got that].  When our food finally arrived it was, as you would guess another disaster, they are out of biscuits [which they charged us for anyhow], some of the eggs were not cooked all the way through, some had the wrong toast it was all wrong. We inhaled it later, of which one of the girls had to go to CVS and get Imodium b/c she swears she got food poisoning from her breakfast. 
Our bill for 6 people was WELL over $200, more than our seafood dinner the night before, for BREAKFAST.  And as I mentioned there was items on there that we shouldn't have been charged for and in my opinion they should've comped something.
I WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK! EVA EVA"That's the restaurant business". This is what the manager explained as to why our food was an hour late and when it did come one of the dishes was not cooked. An omelet with unmelted cheese. Dee-lish.
There are far better places.I had the jambalaya wrap for lunch. So good especially with the Cajun musturad/mayo dressing. Will be back!Chicken biscuits and gravey, excellent. Great bloody marys. We definitely would come here again.a 5 star review from me means i didn't even pick up the salt shaker.  everything was served better than i could have made it at home and perfectly cooked, seasoned and presented.  i am blown away by the food here.  we tried the bbq shrimp, shrimp and grits, fried pickles and hurricanes.  i would like to eat here every meal.I thought the food here and the selection were excellent.  Staff was very friendly and attentive.  My only gripe is I went there to eat oysters and they said they were out.  So I had a muffelletta instead.  All and all, I would go back.  Love the location.Kind of felt like the TGIF of New Orleans, but it grew on me when we were in there. Our food was really good, the crawfish poboy was huge and packed with crawfish, and my wife loved her jambalaya wrap, which I thought was an interesting and fun creation. The prices were more in line with what things should be, and their gumbo was great as well. Like I said it seems a little generic, but they do some of the traditional favorites well.This restaurant was right next to our hotel and we did not stop in until right before we left and it was just for a beer. We wish we had stopped in sooner! They have a great draft beer selection and very friendly staff. Their food looked pretty good too. They also have a fairly good happy hour. Worth a stop.The food was OK, but the bread pudding is amazing. The service was not so great, it was not a busy day but we hardly saw our server. The 4 star is just for the bread pudding...... the food and service is not included in that rating.Food was tasty enough, but service was too slow.  We were going to enjoy some Beignet's, but the service was so slow that we couldn't risk the time.  Our Sunday Lunch took an hour longer than it needed to.  That's too bad, because the decor was nice.The food here was great!  I had the muffaletta which was delicious!  The Boudin balls were amazing!  The portions are HUGE so sharing would be a great idea!We went to about 6 breakfast/lunch places in New Orleans & this was by far the worst. Sorry but I must even say its "overrated". We got the po'boys (as its of course a New Orleans staple) and they tasted like McDonalds hamburgers with the cheap mayo & wilted lettuce :( Was expecting so much more!! Also they stop serving breakfast & brunch at 11am which is MUCH too early for New Orleans night life & then you are forced to get the lunch or DINNER at 11:15am which is rough.The word "cafe" in it's name is a bit of a misnomer. This place is more of a sports bar. On Sundays, they have the NFL playing with any game you need and the audio accordingly. There is a large space here and you don't have to be 21 to get in. However, their beer selection is excellent!
The service is quick for how crowded they were and I didn't get a chance to try any of the food, but the menu looked excellent. Again, there are 3 distinct rooms, one of which is a bar, so this is a great place for groups!My wife and i stopped in here while we waied to be able to get checked in to our hotel.
I got the taste of new orleans.  I liked it.  Ive never have had crawfish etoufe (spelled wrong) before, so i have nothing to compare it to but i thought it was great.  The jambalaya was ok, a little dry.  And the reds beans and rice was alright.
Service was quick and polite.  
It had the feel of a sports bar which was right up my alley.
It was also happy hour, which i was unaware of and the waiter brought me over a second beer before it ended so i didnt miss out on the deal.  I liked that, especially cuz you Cn take your beers to go in new orleans. 
Overall a pleasant experience.All three times I have visited I ordered a new dish and everytime I LOVED IT. Catfish ettouffe is to die for!!! Service is good.First time in NOLA and my first stop. Delicious gumbo combined with excellent service.  A definite go to. Shout out to our waitress Charlotte for the warm welcome and great service.At first I thought this restaurant was a tourist trap, but I was wrong.  Everything about this restaurant is local, from the ingredients, music & waitstaff.  The portions are gigantic.  Bloody mary was good.  We dined as a group of 3 (2 locals & one non) and went family style so we could sample as many things as possible.  Red Beans are some of the best I've had in a restaurant, Crawfish Etoufee is spicy which I'm all about.  Chicken & Andouille Gumbo was a good starter as was the seafood Quesadilla.  I would definitely recommend to others & eat here again.  
Concerning the "incident".  I don't believe you should punish a business for the wrong actions of an employee.  Management has corrected the problem & I saw a diverse group of men & women working at the establishment.  If their management had cultivated an environment of racism, I don't think that the demographic makeup of the staff would have been so diverse.  Just my thoughts.  Food was good though & the service was very personable!I just randomly went here with my bf one night.  We were in the french quarter walking around and got hungry and wanted to find something reasonably priced to eat.  In the quarter that is hard to find sometimes.  We looked at the menu from outside the restaurant and saw that it was nola style food and decent prices, so we decided to go in.  The atmosphere was pretty cool, but our server was really awkward.  She seemed liked maybe she had a lot on her mind or something.  The were long silent pauses with her and she didn't pay much attention to us.  She was not really server material to be honest.  I ordered the fried pickles as the appetizer, which were absolutely delicious and the huck sauce to dip them in was amazing.  For my entree I ordered the jambalaya wrap and it came with fries.  That was really amazing too.  It came with the remulade  sauce on it and I asked the waitress if the sauce has seafood in it and she didn't really give me a straight answer (it's not that hard).  So I just asked for it to be on the side.  She brought the wrap out and didn't bring the sauce at all for me and never really came back to check up on us so I was just like eff  it I will use the rest of my huck sauce from the fried pickles and it was amazingly delicious either way.  My bf ordered a poyboy I forgot which one but I know he enjoyed it too.  All in all great food and cool atmosphere, just next time we go hopefully we will get a better server.The food was excellent. Biscuit and gravely some of the best I've ever had rich and flavorfulOverpriced. The service was great considering it is Mardi gras and the wait is probably happier taking the day off with friends or family. However the recipes for the food are terrible. They are stingy on compliments like fries and their poboys entirely miss on the potatoes and gravy. The low quality of their pork is insulting to the price, tons of fatty taste with no flavors. If you are a family, great place, lots of space to sit. However if you are a foodie don't come here.Fabulous cosmos and lemon drop martinis. $$1.50 3-6 weekday. Hurricanes are $5.00.  Service very friendly and right near our Bluegreen timeshare.Wandered in for a small bit to eat before a concert.  It was a Saturday, and they had all the football games going, and the crowd was pleasantly enjoying themselves. Good vibes.  We ordered Boudin Balls and Fried Pickles...both were very good, especially the Boudin Balls.  The dips/sauce that came with both were very good as well.  We weren't very hungry so we planned to stop there,but my husband decided he wanted dessert and ordered the Bread Pudding.  Excellent decision, best we have had in New Orleans.  We will be back to try more things!This is my first time here and I haven't even gotten the food yet. I have been waiting for about 45 minutes now for food. Hopefully it is good but this is definitely not the place to come if you need a quick/normal timed bite to eat. It also looks like they are short staffed or something so our waiter is running around like a chicken with his head cut off. Not a good place to be when you have a concert to get to. :-/ .... We finally got our food after about and hour and a half of waiting and it was actually delicious. I got the shrimp quesadilla (which is definitely an entree and not an appetizer) and my boyfriend got the catfish po-boy. Both were very good so if you have the time to wait then definitely try it!Remoulade was respectable but pretty small. Caesar Salad was fine.  Chicken not over done.  Fried fish dinner reported to be fair by colleague.  Gumbo was good, meaty and roux was solid.  Service - really really nice servers.  All engaged talking with patrons almost to the deficit of prompt customer service. RespectableThe food was bad and service not much better. I sat at the bar and was ignored by the bartender for about 5 minutes. That was a long time considering the place was not busy, only two other patrons seated at the bar. Huck Finn's served my appetizer and entree at the same time. Don't they know the difference between and appetizer and side dish? And to make things worse, they served the food all at once and I didn't even have silverware. Many times good service is not hard. It just requires attention to detail. C'monnnn Man!
The fried alligator I ordered was served blackened and WAY TOO SALTY!!. Yy crawfish étouffée was just okay, but didn't have very many mud bugs. The gumbo was good. Pass on Huck Finn's, there are too many better places near by.First time to NOLA.  Very good place.  Good creole/cajun food.  The one thing that was memorable was the Blackened Alligator.  Must get that if you stop by.I was very impressed by this restaurant. The waitress was sweet and helpful with tourist advice. The restaurant was slow so she talked to us for a bit while we were waiting for the food. When the food came, it was absolutely wonderful. I would eat here again.Service was great. Received exactly what wanted and quickly. Food was some of the best we've had in New Orleans.The eggs Benedict was good but nothing to write home about.  The Bloody Mary was delicious. Pretty empty for it being brunch on a Saturdat. I felt like it was expensive for what I got, but I guess that's the Quarter.This place was next door to our hotel and we overlooked it a few times until we were hungry and it was raining.
Once we got up the nerve to run from our hotel to Huck Finn's we realized the bar in our hotel was actually the bar at Huck Finn's... blonde moment.
We had dinner here and it was good, the service was great and the beignets hot!!! 
We were blown away by breakfast, I had the crawfish lafitte skillet, it was good, filling and I was not able to finish all of it. 
We sent some other friends over there and they enjoyed it as well.Wonderful food and even better service. Be sure to ask for Katie C. As your server. She's a sweetheart and truly cares about your experience.  My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this gem after a horrible experience at The Grill. The coffee is not your regular crap diner coffee but local and brewed just right. I ordered scrambled eggs and they were just heavenly. Will definitely be back :)I am months [just 2 -- 5/2015] LATE with this review and we chose to eat here BEFORE learning of the racist activity that occurred just a day or so before ... 
Let me be the BIGGER person and not base this review upon learning said racist activities. 
We were seated promptly and our waitress was nothing less than wonderful --- a very motherly type --- I wish now that I could recall her name.  
I ordered their thin fried catfish ... AWESOME! Fairly large portion, no complaints. I just wish that I could remember more details --- bottom line, customer service was awesome and my meal was delicious! Plan on making this one of my first stops upon returning to NOLA!Very busy time of year (New Year's + Sugar Bowl) but we got a seat right in front of the big screen in time for the Giants-Cowboys.  Service was slow although the place was not at 100% capacity.  But we eventually got all the food and beers requested.  Thumb's up for the cocktails - powerful stuff that I tack on an extra star for.I went here for a late lunch. I ordered the BBQ pork Po-Boy. The sandwich was good size. The pork was very juicy and full of flavor. The fries were pretty good too. The beignets, on the other hand were not so great. They were like small chunks of dough that were fried. They were very dense. I expected them to be light and fluffy. You can get better beignets elsewhere. 
The service was very slow. It took a very long time to get our check.This is a great casual cafe for lunch, dinner or drinks.  My husband and I went about 5:45pm for an early dinner as we wanted to catch the parade on Royal around 7:00.  We were seated promptly and our server came right over to take our drink orders and point our some of the items on the menu.  I had the fried catfish which was fantastic.  My husband ordered the Taste of New Orleans and it was AMAZING!  The gumbo was delicious and I'm not usually a fan of any gumbo.  The red beans and rice and the jamabalya were also fantastic. Overall, this a great place for an excellent meal with excellent service.  Highly recommend Huck Finn's!!This place was the absolute worst.  Service was HORRIBLE.  We waited for a solid 20 minutes before we had to ask a server for help.  After that, we waited another 10 minutes before our actual waitress came over to talk to us.  Our beers took forever.  Our food was average.  
In a city like New Orleans, service is king.  There is absolutely no reason why we should have to wait for 30 minutes to be approached by a server.  There are plenty of other places to go with food that is the same or better.Had to take my Boston colleague onto Bourbon street and make her have something she had never had before- gator bites.. She loved them. Had 20 screens at least to watch the games and we drank for an hour then headed out for more of what Nawlins has to offer. Great sports bar and had a great time Will be back!!Other than the location, the best thing about this place is the staff. Went there on a very cold Wednesday evening after the Superbowl and were instantly warmed up by the rockabilly style and smiles from these sassy ladies.  Ordered the wings (order hot if you want any  kick; medium was very mild) and sampler with crawfish etofette, jambalaya and red beans 'n rice. Etofette was very disappointing, jambalaya okay, but the red beans' n rice were tasty! Don't remember our server's name, but she went out of her way to make our visit enjoyable.A "5" for service, and a "3" for the food.
My waitress was absolutely wonderful, and I enjoyed the service very much. I was having lunch a few hours before my flight. Not knowingly a parade would take place on Canal Street on the same day, my waitress was very accommodating to get the food and check out as quickly as possible.  Not only that, she gave me great tips on where to go to get a taxi to avoid the traffic caused by the parade, and as a result, I got to the airport earlier than expected. This is an example of service that went above and beyond the normal expectations of just satisfactory service. 
I ordered the alligator po boy with fries and a cajun remoulade sauce. The spicy yet balanced sauce was great and married well with the savoury notes of the alligator sausage. It was also great as a dipping sauce for the fries. The fries met ones' usual expectations - crunchy on the outside yet fluffy on the inside with the right amount of salt. The alligator po boy was ok. I think the sausage, while had a nice sear on it, may have been a tad over-seasoned, but it really does taste like chicken. But, all the other elements - the bread, tomatoes, lettuce - were fine and helped cut through the salt a bit. I think I struggled the most with biting through the casing, which was tougher than a typical sausage casing. 
Overall, it was still a good experience enjoying alligator for the first time. Loved the service. Would come back again and try more things from the menu.This restaurant was visited by 4 African Americans one of which didn't like her dish and sent it back.  They comped the item with the following explanation:  $100% nigger discount. Not handwritten, but printed by the machine.  They did not fire anyone over this.  STAY AWAY!I can't speak of the food, as we have never tried it, but my husband loves this place for drinks! We stopped and got him a mixed drink call a Gator Bite when we were visiting in March and when we came back in November, he had to have another!Great Gumbo and Bloody Mary's! The wings could have been hotter but everything else was great. Our waitress was vary friendly and quick!Burger was amazing. I hand the NOLA I can't say enough about how good this burger was. There were two others that were with us and all he food was raved about. 
Thank you for the great meal.Sat at the bar for lunch. One on one service by John the bartender meant I was well attended even as he provided drinks for customers sitting at the tables. 
I started with a cup of Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. I am not an expert on gumbo but it tasted good enough to me. There was a lot of chicken and sausage in it which I liked.
I wasn't sure what to get for my entree so asked for recommendations from John. He said that If I like shrimp any dishes with the shrimp are excellent. I ended up choosing the Blackened Shrimp Quesadilla. I do know shrimp and quesadillas and this was very very good!
I was already full but upon John's prompting I sprang for the dessert. I had the bread pudding, which was also excellent.
Lots of great food choices in New Orleans, I would recommend this place.Everyone was happy with their meals. I had the fried green tomato BLT and it was great. They actually wove the slices of bacon so it was like a mat of bacon which did not fall out when you bit in to it. I wanted some red beans and rice but even though it was breakfast time out wait person rustled some up for me. It was delicious too. I'm going back.Came in late with a group because it was near House of Blues. We tried a variety of dishes, and most were pretty good. I wasn't particularly impressed with mine, but that may have just been a personal taste issue. 
Great place to go if you're nearby, but I wouldn't go out of my way to visit it.The food was good. The drinks were a bit expensive but there were drink specials to partake in. The service was good not great. The type of service has changed for the better I'd say. You now order at the table. There were plenty of TVs with a good variety of sporting events.