Had the Redfish and it was excellent. The portion was huge and the fish was cook seasoned just right. Was a little disappointed in the Jalapeño Coleslaw as it didn't have much flavor. Overall excellent dining experience.For our final meal, we planned to head to Commander's.  Since they have a No Jeans policy, we had to come up with a Plan B.  Denton was quick to find some delish cajun food courtesy of yelp.  He saw that Ignatius Eatery was only a few blocks from our current locale.
Based on Magazine St., it is a delicious, casual cafe.  We sat outside, which is great for people watching.  We ordered some drinks (beer in a bag, mimosas) while waiting for our food.  We split and traded two entrees: red beans and rice and jumbalaya.  The red beans and rice was excellent.  It hit the spot and  I was glad that we ordered it.  I would have preferred a 66/33 split but Denton would have none of it.
After having jumbalaya two days earlier at the Gumbo shop, it was a slight disappoint to have the food here.  It was good but not great.   To finish off our meal, we had New Orleans Bread Pudding.  YUM!  I could have a full order for myself had I not already gained 5lb over the weekend!This place is just fantastic. I go there regularly and I am never disappointed. Make it a regular lunch stop!A large group visited Ignatius several times over a long weekend. We enjoyed the 3121 cocktail several times. 
Overall, a great and relaxed environment with lovely staff. Wonderful place on Magazine. 
We will return!Stopped in because the rain was coming down in buckets. Got a beer and some appetizers. The fried green tomatoes had a great sauce and were very crunchy. The Mac and cheese was amazing! Friendly service too.Good local New Orleans menu.  Reasonable prices.  Excellent service.  The restaurant size and price point make this an excellent location for a large to medium size group.1 star cause yelp says they close at 10:30. But in reality they lock doors at 9:45. Yelp fake news wtfWe visited Ignatius during our most recent trip to New Orleans, and we were not disappointed! From the sausage appetizer to the fried green tomatoes, to the amazing jambalaya and to-die-for Mac & Cheese, my husband and I were quite pleased with the food choices. 
What set this place apart from the many amazing restaurants in the NOLA area, however, were the Pimm's Cups. By far THE BEST we've ever had. 
We will definitely return to this quaint little spot during our next trip out!I do not recommend this place. The service was slow and the food was not that great. I had the hamburger and was not pleased. My girlfriend had their salad with beef. She was never asked how she wanted the meat cooked and was not told it came almost raw. I tasted the meat and was not satisfied because it had a bitter taste. I asked the waitress if the meat was supposed to raw and she was like it should be like that as if we knew.. I asked what was it seasoned with and she could not tell me. I told her it had a bitter taste it was like it fail on death ears.Complete joke of a restaurant. Everything comes in frozen from Sysco and is heated up with the exception of the fries. The sides are tasteless and horrible because they sit in steam tables all day. Catfish frozen from Vietnam, pasteurized crabmeat if fresh isn't available and jambalaya from a box. What  else can u say. A real tourist  trap!Good grub, good service, wish the menu was a little bigger.Amazing. Husband and I popped in for a quick bite. DELICIOUS food! The alligator sausage was to die for and the bayou sampler was perfect for us to share. Quiet, nice ambience, and awesome food. Where could you go wrong?Crawfish etouffee, jambalaya. It was good, not over salted, but overpriced and small. We left not feeling satisfied. Would not recommend coming here.
The service is fine, the waitress was attentive.My dad, visiting from out of town and devotee of classic New Orleans dishes, and I went here for dinner tonight, and I must admit I had been wanting to give this place a try. However, this experience can all be summed up with "meh."
Had the Pimm's cup since we had just missed Happy Hour, and I won't be ordering it again. If you want a good Pimm's, try the Columns or even Cowbell on Oak. The appetizer/small plate of pork and jalapeño boudin was fine after you wrangled the casing apart. The corn maque choux was just horrible, but it came with the seafood stuffed bell pepper, which was great. Dad had seafood gumbo and red beans, and he reports it as "ok, nothing exceptional." He quipped that he'd probably brave the tourists at Mother's to get a better meal (that's a lot for him).
Overall, this place isn't bad, but it also isn't great.Food was great.  Service was not.  Had a reservation and arrived four minutes prior to our time and were told we were too early for our table to be ready. So we waited. Our waiter was working two large tables (we were 7 and he had a table of 12) plus others and couldn't manage it. Had to ask multiple times for simple things like a limes and sauce. Never came to refill water. Screwed up someone's order and it (thankfully) was freshly made so arrived after everyone had finished.  Soup that was ordered as an entree was out but wasn't discovered until he went to deliver so that persons order was also messed up. Never an apology. Didn't check on us until everyone was finished.  When asked about a possible comped meal for the wrong entree, the manager said there's 'a policy' against it. Customer service was just poor. Would not go back.A good place to expose out-of-towners to a wide array of traditional New Orleans cooking...  nothing extra special, really.
You've got your jambalaya, red beans & rice, crawfish etouffee, shrimp remoulade, a few fried seafood things, some poboys, and so forth.  The roast beef po-boy isn't sliced, but something like pulled roast beef.  Strange, but kind of dry.  I doused it in hot sauce and was pleased.
I really like the look and feel of the restaurant.  Its tiny with a high ceiling and lit dimly by prayer candles.  The theme they're going for is local products, so they've got zapps, blue plate mayo, hot sauce, barqs, abita, and other things lining the walls on high shelves.
Beer comes in brown paper bags, served "camp street style."  An interesting and whimsical touch.
I've had luck parking at the Sherwin Williams across the street after hours.  Haven't been towed yet.Great place, great food. Went here on Lundi Gras and it was a bit busy but there was still seating available. I wasn't sure about getting creole food on Magazine Street, so I decided to check the place out.
The menu has lots of authentic creole dishes available and has a full bar. After seated, we get a little brown paper bag with 4 cut pieces of French bread and butter. I got the bowl of crawfish étouffée and a friend got the red beans and rice. Both were excellent. 
The wait staff were polite and I think the owner or GM was even helping out with the daily tasks. Clean, friendly, quick place to eat. I'm ready to try some other dishes at this place.Stopped in for a bloody on Sunday. OK at best the bartender Lindsey was the worst. Dirty BO smelled like he just crawled off of Bourbon Street, bad attitude we were there maybe 10 minutes in this time he had made 2 Bailey and Jameson coffees as if no one was looking just despicable. We decided to have brunch thank god for our served Mark. Total professional thought he was the owner the way he took care of what seemed everyone. Knew the menu service was flawless we had coffee did not want anything from the bartender. When we did mention our bar experience the poor guy looked so embarrassed for the restaurant. Food was great though but the drunk behind the bar maybe I don't know maybe another shot.Best Brunch in New Orleans!
In all my visits to NO, this is my favorite place for a tasty breakfast by far.  It's cosy, laid back atmosphere is inviting.  They do an egg white omelette on request, and the seafood gumbo was full of meat...deeelish!
I can't wait to visit again!
and with a name Ignatious, what's not to love?OMG. So I'm going to go ahead and say that the gumbo was ahhhhh-mazing! Love the texture, taste, and smell of the gumbo. My boyfriend and I decided to drop in for lunch before heading back to Texas and so glad we did.
We both ordered gumbo, I had the seafood gumbo and he has the chicken and sausage gumbo and both were awesome. And if you are a sweet tea drinker, it's great also!
We also ordered a side of shrimp and grits and that was awesome too. No complaints over here!one of the best in New Orleans!  Also, it has relocated to a much larger, nicer space at 3121 Magazine.  I recommend the boudin meatloaf or the roast beef po boy, but you really can't go wrong with anything on the menuThis place is awesome and super affordable. Great service and nice atmosphere. We had the Mac and cheese to start which was amazing. Baked and topped with bacon. Then we got the sampler plate with red beans, gumbo, crawfish etoufee. Drinks were on point md not expensive my. Highly recommendAwesome meal, totally stumbled on this gem. Corn soup was great so was the alligator sausage po-boy. I highly recommend a meal here.The owners have converted their once extremely bland restaurant into an extremely bland coffee house, and the crowd is going mild. It's apparantly now a coffee shop, despite not having any couches, a magazine rack, a place to work, WiFi, or anything else a coffee shop has. It is essentially the same crappy restaurant it used to be, but now with an espresso machine. I could not possibly care less.  There are dozens of better options within walking distance, which probably explains why Ignatius is always dead.Definitely not what I expected out of a restaurant that was voted "best new restaurant."  This place was mediocre at best.  The boudin appetizer was pretty good but our entrees were flavorless.   Nice atmosphere..slow service.We stopped in here on our way home from vacation and was pleasantly surprised. I had the boudin meatloaf and it was out of this world! Nice and spicy with corn and mashed potatoes. The crawfish étouffée and the po boys were excellent.the fries are homemade and thin. Service was a little slow but the food made up for it. It is a very casual environment but the food is great!!I can't go to NOLA without stopping on for a delicious alligator sausage poboy.Ignatius is one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans, and it's because of their unique crawfish etoufee.  Everyone does this dish a little differently in New Orleans, and their use of the creole mustard sets it apart.  But like every good New Orleanian knows, the only time to eat crawfish is during crawfish season -- any other time during the year is a waste.  
I have become somewhat of a regular here, and have had everything from the Jambalaya Red (Jamb. + Red Beans and Rice), to the crawfish pasta.  It's a great place to go if you are visiting from out-of-town and want a break from the Quarter.  
It's true, you cannot buy alcohol here, but right at the end of the block is Miss Mae's a New Orleans/Uptown tradition, so it should be no sweat to get your inebriation on. 
Otherwise, highly, highly recommended.I didn't have any food so I can't comment on that but I did have an iced long black as part of a quick pit stop while strolling down magazine st. The coffee was very good and the cafe is pretty cute. Wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised by the flavor profile of the coffee. Would come again for an afternoon pick-me-upThis was a great lunch spot and there are a few tables outside which is nice. My husband had the roast beef poboy and it was DELICIOUS! He forgot to order it with the provolone cheese so make sure you request it! I started with the corn & crab bisque - nothing to write home about. It wasn't bad but just wasn't as good as I was expecting it to be. I had the Crawfish Étouffée & it was delicious! This was my first time eating crawfish so I don't have a lot to compare to but it tasted great.Good bloody Marys, we enjoyed the outside seating at the tables by the sidewalk.  We thought the omelets were mediocre.  The crab one was more flavorful than the shrimp one.  I appreciated their wheelchair accessible bathroom.More of a 3.5 star place if I could give it.  Food is decent and pretty representative of New Orleans cuisine.  Located in a great location on Magazine st. The laid-back ambiance and decent food (that's pretty reasonably priced) make this spot worth checking out.I have been here twice and the food is good, but my last experience was unpleasant.  We had a reservation weeks in advance for 8 people at 8 pm. We called the day of our reservation to ask if we could add two people and move up the reservation to 7:30 and were told it was no problem. When we arrived there was no table big enough for us.  When I complained the manager told us we should sit at two separate tables. I told him this was unacceptable and he responded that were late (we arrived about 7:40) so that was why there was no table for us. So I asked did they give up our table because we were 'late'? He said no but that he would 'take care of us.'  That meant cramming chairs around a small table. He never apologized and never came to check on us nor did he 'take care of us' with any discounts or anything. Eventually when a nearby table cleared they added  a table to ours. But the whole experience was ruined by the rude and unprofessional handling of our reservation. The first thing we ordered, deviled eggs were so cold that they were nearly frozen. The rest of the food was fine, but because if that manager, I will not return to Ignatius.This restaurant is single-handedly responsible for my love for red beans and rice. 
I went here one day when I was walking down magazine having one of my "I love new orleans" days. I sat outside and ordered the red beans and rice. The rice was perfectly cooked... very rarely thr case other places. It came with perfectly smoked sausage and the creamiest, tastiest red beans I have ever had. Another thing I LOVED was the bag full of crusty french bread and butter, perfect for dipping. Granted this is the only time I have been there and the only thing I've had was the red beans and rice, but as far as I am concerned ignatius is a fantastic restaurant.Awesome crawfish étouffée. Red beans and rice great too. Byob.Went there tonight with 7 friends and we were lucky enough to get a table in 5 minutes! 
We were served our food pretty quickly and everything was tasty. 
I ordered a cup of chicken and sausage gumbo (a little lack of salt for my tastebuds) and the shrimp and grits which were delicious! As a dessert I got the bread pudding: first time and not disappointed. 
The price wasn't that bad either. For 8 with desserts for 3 of us and a bottle of wine we paid $160.Lunch today. 2 shrimp poboys, chicken and sausage gumbo, seafood gumbo. The gumbo was warm. Not hot. The fries were greasy as can be!!!!!  They did bring out more, but not much better. I would have never served the first batch.  Not really pleased with lunch. Marginal at best.  I have been spoiled by eating at Besh for quite a while.Two words: shrimp Ignatius. In my dad's words: "I want to be buried in this sauce". It's seriously that good. The redfish is also great. Casual, cute atmosphere. Great happy hour prices, although we sadly missed it. It's in a great area of Magazine too with lots of bars for after-dinner drinks nearby.Great food, cocktails and service! I've been here several times and have tried most of the menu. Some of my favorites are the shrimp and grits app, the catfish platter and the étouffée.
The food is also reasonably priced. It's hard to find good mid-price cajun food in New Orleans.
Also as a side note I love the book Confederacy of Dunces, in which Ignatius is the main character.Good food horrible service.
For lunch had red beans and rice and it was very tasty and a good portion size.  It had a little kick without being overpowering.  Also a good presentation.
I have to just shake my head at the service.  It was a nice day so we sat outside, a server didn't come take our drink order for at least 10 minutes.  The table next to us experienced the same thing.  They eventually brought out our drinks and took out order.  Once the waiter brought out or meal we literally didn't see him again...no refills no "how is your meal", nothing.  We had to ask the waitress for another table for our check.  At that point we waited another 10 to 15 for someone to take our payment.  We were practically begging them to let us pay them.
I would not go back.Incredibly good restaurant.  New Orleans classic cajun and creole dishes.  not touristy at all.  
Homey, intimate, old school atmosphere.  I think that this is where the locals eat.  I'd come here again in a heartbeat.  Very reasonable prices too.  Not fancy at all.  No white table cloth, but some of the best food in town.  I really enjoyed this place.  great neighborhood too.Ate on the sidewalk, excellent people watching. Terrific early bird specials. Good Cajun food- étouffée, gumbo, fried catfish. The trout was very good. Reasonable prices, good neighborhood restaurant. Service was good, casual and relaxed.This restaurant exemplifies why people should really get off Bourbon street for at least a night. 
Service was great, very attentive and nice.
Food was awesome! $13 for amazing crawfish ettoufee. Bread pudding was also pretty darn great! Reasonably priced entrees. Everything looks great that came out of the kitchen. I would just say skip the po boys and go for a classic entree instead.
The atmosphere is adorable. Marble cafe tables with old tile floors and walls lined with mirrors. The street it's on is really fun too.
I repeat, get out of the French Quarter! It's great but Uptown has a fun hipster lighthearted feel to it that can't be beat.Great atmosphere and selection of small plates. The food was excellent and we were able to try several southern treats: mac&cheese, fried green tomatoes, red beans and rice and catfish salad; all excellent! I also had the Thirtyone21 cocktail which was uniquely New Orleans and quenching.a neighborhood eatery.  simple menu, everything as-advertised, tasty but not transcendent.  if i didn't live within walking distance, i don't know that i would care to go out my way to eat here, but i'm glad it's in the hood because it sure beats popeye's and mona's.Went here for brunch this past Sunday. Got the Jambalaya omlet, my friend got the boudin omelet. Both were piping hot, fresh, and insanely flavorful with generous portions. The coffee was delicious and from Rue de la Course. Our waitress was nice. I get that some people have bad experiences here, but I always take out of towners here and I've never had a bad time or bad food at Ignatius!Shrimp remoulade po boy is the best po boy I've ever had! Ever! Oh jeez I wish I could have one right now. 
Of course it is served on Leidheimer's bread,  the most perfect french bread on the planet including the bread actually in France. Crusty, light, airy and chewy. utter yeasty perfection. Then it is topped with a very generous helping of gulf shrimp. Mmmm . so tender and fresh. The type that kind of pop when you bite into them. Then they are slathered in a perfect remulaude sauce. Creamy, savory, a tad spicy, fresh, amazing.  Fully dressed and cut in half for you to tear into. OMG. I do love and adore my regular fried shrimp, roast beef or oyster po boy, I mean who doesn't, but if I have the time this is where I come for a po boy. 
I literally have not tried any of their other main dishes. Their crab and corn bisque was quite tasty when I had it but I come for the shrimp poboys.The best martini ever and not because it was just $2!!! 
Catfish Po boy was so fresh. I never understood how fried food simultaneously could  be fresh, this was.Stopped by for lunch and got seafood gumbo and jambalaya red- which was a mix of jambalaya and red beans and rice.  The food was good, pretty spicy and flavorful, but not amazing.  The french bread they give with the food was good.  The restaurant has a good environment- looks like a cut French cafe.  Definitely enjoyed lunch there, but it was not the best place in NOLA.We stopped here for Saturday brunch while on vacation in New Orleans. It's a cute cafe with a classy atmosphere, but the service was laid back and friendly. The have bottomless mimosas and cranberry mimosas which was a major plus! I ordered the jambalaya omelette and my boyfriend got the red beans and rice with sausage. The omelette was good. The jambalaya stuffed inside it was really good and I suddenly wished I had ordered just the jambalaya. It came with a fruit bowl and a side if grits. The grits were great and I don't much care for grits! The red beans and rice was superb! Best we had all trip. The price was very reasonable. Definitely would recommend for brunch.Roast beef po'boy was pretty good! Nothing to write home about, but a cute little restaurant in an adorable part of town.We went around noon on a Saturday. Due to the red dress run, we were one of the first couples to be sat in the restaurant. We had excellent, attentive service from our waitress, even after the place started filling up. I chose the crab and corn soup, which was good. There were lots of veggies and crab. Something was a little different about it, but I couldn't quite put my finger on it. My husband got the eggs Ignatious, which he also enjoyed. The bread pudding was really good, nice portion size, and my husband loved his slice of pecan pie a la mode. We enjoyed it overall.Gator and cheese omelette and endless cranberry mimosas. I'm in heaven. They fresh squeeze all their own juices and the grits are to die for.Terrible gumbo.  Especially when you can get pretty good and rather authentic gumbo right down at La Petite Grocery.  I also had the shrimp remoulade poboy.  Just plain bad--an old, frozen seafood flavor.  New Orleans is a city known for wonderful poboys, and this was really an insult.  
Atmosphere was kind of nice.
Service was inattentive, ambivalent, and completely unhelpful.
Beers are served in a paper bag, which is a lame gimmick.  
Bottom line: there are so many great restaurants in this town--multiple ones that are literally a stone's throw away.  So don't waste the time, calories, or money on this kind of subpar place (which, admittedly, would be worth it if were in Baton Rouge--maybe).3/5 it was aiite.
so the huge bag of bread they give you to start is entertaining. i ordered the etouffe omelette per recommendation of a coworker - it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. the omelette just came across very plain (it was a plain cheese omelette), then the etouffe maybe a bit more soupy or i dunno. it just didn't feel substantial, so i think the impression was more like wet eggs. they serve it with a side of garlic mashed potatoes, which were good, and then this really really tragic "fruit salad" (4 spotted grapes, dry orange wedges, and a strawberry sliced into a fan).
so overall maybe i should try something else, but it would require some other event (someone choosing the lunch spot, etc.) for it to happen.The food is decent here but nothing outstanding.  They seem to always have a pretty respectable rotation of daily specials. Portions are very small for the price and the biggest irritant to me is that they only sell bottled iced tea and don't make their own.  I really don't trust any restaurant that won't take the time to brew their own iced tea!   Every meal I've had here has left me lacking in the fullness department so I've always had to get something else to eat relatively soon after eating here.  The small portions coupled with the lack of iced tea multiplied by the prices have resulted in me probably never returning here.Great place, great food. Went here on Lundi Gras and it was a bit busy but there was still seating available. I wasn't sure about getting creole food on Magagize Street, so I decided to check the place out.
The menu has lots of authentic creole dishes available and has a full bar. After seated, we get a little brown paper bag with 4 cut pieces of French bread and butter. I got the bowl of crawfish étouffée and a friend got the red beans and rice. Both were excellent. 
The wait staff were polite and I think the owner or GM was even helping out with the daily tasks. Clean, friendly, quick place to eat. I'm ready to try some other dishes at this place.I was really excited to eat here because my friend toted it as "true" Cajun style food. I was also very hungover so this review may be slightly off. 
The place is adorable and really an awesome atmosphere. It was pretty empty as it was about 4:30 on a Saturday. I ordered the Cajun shrimp. I think it may be that I don't know what Cajun food actually is; but to me this tasted like tomato soup with shrimp with the vein still in floating around in it. Not going to lie, not a fan. The waiter was very attentive at first and then after he brought us our food he completely forgot about us. As in I had to ask another waitress for our check and it still took about 15 minutes to get out of there. I have no idea what he was doing because he was just standing around in the back.I came here once before for dinner and was not impressed.  However, I returned last Sunday for brunch, and it was great.  There was no wait, and the mimosas were huge.  Coffee is from Rue de la Course, and it was hot and fresh.  I had the etouffee omelet, and my other half had the steak and eggs. The omelet was really good and I would definitely comeback and get the etouffee entree.  The steak and eggs got high marks because the steak was cooked medium rare and was tender.  Breakfasts come with roasted red potatoes that were oily but tasty.  Service was efficient and the dining area was full but comfy.  I would definitely come back.Amazing coffee place that opened recently. The owners are super friendly and super knowledgeable when it comes to making coffee. I had a café latte and an unsweetened ice tea. The decor of the place is very tasteful and it feels great to sit in and enjoy your delicious coffee. I can only highly recommend to check out this Magazine St gem.Not bad, we heard about their gator tail po-boy, which was good (not great), I just wish there was more substance to it, as they were a bit light on the gator tail sausage, the slaw and bread (not dry at all) were quite good...
The Crab bisque was great (4stars), same for the Bacon & Sour cream potato salad and for the ambiance (very laid back and a bit on the quiet side, which was a nice change of pace) and staff was very prompt and cordial.
The Barq's in the glass bottle (as for all their soda's), was a nice nostalgic touch.I ordered the crawfish etouffee. It taste good, however, the portion definitely does not justify the price. There's only 6 spoonful of rice in a shallow plate with barely any etouffee. My friend ordered a jambalaya omelete, but was also disappointed with the portion. Overall, I personally think the food tasted decent, but the place is way too pricey.Killer food, amazing. Had the seafood stuffed pepper and fried green tomatoes. The flavors were perfect, absolutely would suggest this place and extremely affordable.The food is great. The service is friendly and professional. I had the Crawfish étouffée.  This was my first Crawfish dish ever and it was simply amazing! Thanks for popping my cherry lol! We sat outside and enjoyed people watching New Orleans style. What a great culinary start to our trip. We'll definitely come back when we come back to NOLA!The atmosphere and service was great. It felt like a very local New Orleans diner--bright and yellow. 
I got the jambalaya Omelett during their brunch hours and it was pretty delicious, especially the shrimp creole sauce on top. My sister got the crawfish étouffée and didn't like it. I had some and it was a little bland with very little crawfish meat, considering it was close to $15.Yes, this was an excellent lunch!  At my table, we had the pesto pasta, fried green tomato salad, macaroni and cheese, and well more that I can't all recall.  Everyone loved their meal.
Excellent food.  The pesto pasta was prepared perfectly.  The service was also excellent.  I wished I lived nearby, I would come here often.Bad services, I can't comment on the taste of the coffee it was so outrageous overpriced. Will never come back.looking for fine creole cuisine without any pretension?  go igy's.  casual atmosphere (no bar) limited menu (po boys, alligator bites), nice prices, all they serve (was there with 12) is quality. & fine, friendly, prompt service.  beer (bottles served in little brown bags...little 2 much 4 me) and wine.I so wanted to be thrilled. My friend said this place was decent he came here for dinner. I went today for brunch and had the corn macque choux on the side and the gator omelette. The food tasted ok but it was very underwhelming. The grits were good, but the omelette is something anyone can make at home and probably do it better. I could have had a better brunch getting food from the hot bar at rouses. Either way, not terrible, but not good, it was just average.Some earlier reviews get down pretty hard on this little gem, and perhaps they were justified at the time. Ignatius seems to have gotten its act together since disappointing some patrons. Clean, cute restaurant where the walls are dotted with quotes from and pictures of its namesake. Our service was well beyond expectations, particularly for what seemed initially to be a hole in the wall. 
I found the food to be delightful--the seafood gumbo was a particularly tasty surprise. Very dark roux, lots of fresh shrimp and crawfish, exactly what a New Orleans restaurant should be serving and almost as good as what we make at home. Corn and crab bisque and Caesar salad were standard, certainly not life-changing but miles above others I've had. The strawberry salad with grilled chicken was excellent; feta, fresh Louisiana strawberries, pecans, and housemade lemon vinaigrette. C'est ce bon!I want to give this place a higher rating because I loved the old location...but, I can't. It looks great. The potato salad with sour cream and bacon was very good. Love that it has a full bar, but it is shoved in the back corner and only seat 6 or 7 people. 
There were two main problems. 
The inside was insanely loud and it wasn't even busy. There isn't a soft surface in the building. 
The other issue was the roast beef  poboy. The last time I ate at the old location, my sandwich was over flowing. Today, I couldn't see the meat until I opened the sandwich. And, the tomato was about a day and a half past it's prime.
The server was the bright spot in the meal, He was so nice and had a great personality.
I think they will get it together, but they have to pay attention to the things that made them great before.The food was exceptionally good. My chicken sausage gumbo was quite savory to the taste, but I wish I would've ordered something else. The fried green tomatoes on the other hand are a must. I was between the gumbo and crawfish étouffée, and I think I made the lesser of the two decisions. I still quite enjoyed it and would recommend if looking for some good Cajun cuisine.The Good:
  :: location. it's on magazine street, a major thoroughfare in new orleans
  :: the waitress. she was the sweetest, cutest girl and very attentive to our needs without being annoying
  :: the interior. it was extremely cute, cozy, and quaint without being pretentious
  :: the crawfish etouffee. absolutely amazing. i wanted to keep eating it even though i was seriously stuffed
  :: bread is served in cute paper sacks! awwwww
  :: big windows to provide you with great people watching
The Bad:
  :: the bathroom is TINY. if you are a large-sized and/or tall person, you may seriously have problems using the bathroom here. the way the toilet is seated is that it is only accomodating for small people. 
The Ugly:
  :: none.
Would I go back? Without a doubt.
This place is IN.I just had a delicious mocha here! Whet a quaint, beautiful, old New Orleans coffee shop. And in the heart of the Garden District, no less.  
The service was excellent and the coffee was over the top yummy. 
I'll be back.We had our very first Po' Boys here. They were amazing...Roast Beef, Fried Oyster, and Shrimp Remoulade. Delicious!
The restaurant is bright and airy, the service acceptable.
$2 Martinis...I'm there!Locals told us to come here. They serve real Cajun cuisine. The place looks old and simple but the food is good. The waiter was very nice. We tried the seafood gumbo. It was very good. A bit spicy and salty though.Iggy's is a good place to go if you are itchin' fer some traditional creole foodstuffs.  It's very laid back and not very expensive ($10-15/person for dinner).  I tried the red beans and rice and the jambalaya, both were seasoned well.  I guess my one gripe is that the menu selection is so small.  I can't speak much for the atmosphere because we ate outside.  The sauce on the bread pudding was awesome AND sweet.  The food and service can be hit or miss.Love their roast beef poboy!  One of the best I've had and the fries are to die!  Red beans and rice is amazing.  And you've GOT to get the Pimms Cup!  Glad to live across the street from ignatius :)Ick. So I went back to nola, taking some friends from NY with me to visit.  After 2 of them had left, the third, who was dead set on getting a nola po boy, i decided to bring here.
I am NOT a sandwich person, so after perusing the menu full of items of which i despised over half the ingredients, i decided to get one of the two fish options.  We asked if i could get it with veggies instead of potatoes etc, as I didn't want the fish option that came with veggies since it had crawfish tails, and etouffe, along with other items i didnt want (and was much more expensive).
The waitress stated that I could, and then after my dish arrives tasting and looking like nasty fish soup, I'm charged for the more expensive fish...odd, i'd think the more expensive fish is due to the CRAWFISH that comes on it.  We'd also stated that we wanted the CHEAPER fish (by name) and with veggies instead of with potatoes etc (ie did not want the fish magnolia, which was the more expensive of the two).
The corn which somehow came with the fish (not described either) was literally uneatable.  Neither my boyfriend nor my friend would touch it, so it remained full, yet I paid extra for this nasty fish dish than I'd expected (after we pointed it out to the waitress, she argued with us for a few minutes, then took off a negligible amount from the bill).
I left very angry-both due to the service as well as the horrendous dish.
I got a po boy to go the next night, as while I hate sandwiches, I figured since I used to live in nola, I really should see what all the fuss is about.
The po boy wasnt fried as i guess most are, and came in a remoulade dressing, but my biggest issue with the dish was that it was exorbitantly priced compared to all other po boy shops i've seen--about $12 for the po boy, likely due to the remoulade.
I made my boyfriend go in the second time as I didn't even want them to think I would be a repeat customer.
Needless to say, take your money elsewhere. Oh, and they don't serve liquor either.I had the red beans and rice and the gumbo, and both were just mediocre. The gumbo lacked flavor and the red beans were dry, although they were accompanied by a delicious sausage. I was disappointed. I'm not in New Orleans very often and I love New Orleans cookin'. To make matters worse, our server was a smarmy, unctuous tart from Ohio: he was all "Sir this" and "Sir that" when we paid, but was otherwise lacking. If I hadn't had my ladyfriend with me I would've said something, but she hates scenes in public--the relationship probably won't last. She doesn't have a yelp account, as far as I know. 
On the other hand, the drinks were well-mixed and strong, and the coffee was stiff enough to keep us awake for the rest of the day (it was a Saturday). 
Beautiful on the inside--I'd return for a drink at the bar after a meal somewhere else.