Buddha Belly is across the street from Trent Reznor's house.  i don't really like the man, so i have no problem saying that.  Laundry, crappy pool tables (bring your own stick), busted arcade games, and a staff that can be resentful of your presense makes this a skipper for me.  Don't get me wrong, I've had a good time or two here, but the patrons tend to be gutter and/or teens which tends not to lead to serendipitous conversation.  The bar food is decent, depending on who is working.I had a relatively poor experiance on my first time there, so I made it my last time. I got a Cajun Burger, which was a really burger with an unimaginable amount of Tonys all over it. It took 30 minutes to come out, and we were the only ones there. The bartender/cook was really short with us. Probably not place where you regulary want to get food, so it may have been my own fault.
I do like the fact that they have a laundry facility, but I would definitely not recommend this bar to any of my buddies visting the city.Dropped by for a beer and a shot while walking our way down to another bar. They have a lot to offer in their dive interior. Live music was playing to our right, and a guy was washing his clothes at a coin op laundry machine to our left. Beyond that, there's pool tables, late night food and the all important full bar. Good enough spot for a few drinks.Cheap beer!  $2 a piece & they're big.
In fact, I'm so used to expensive San Francisco beer that I couldn't finish mine here.  
$10 minimum on credit purchases.
Funny karaoke.This bar/pool hall/laundromat is awesome! Lonny is fantastic - but a note to the owner: for the love of God, give Lonny a juke box remote with a working skip function!!  https://m.ebay.com/itm/Touchtunes-Gen-3-Remote-Kit-433MHz-New-/181954772767The best thing about the Bhudda Belly is the bloody mary's.  The second best thing is the laundromat inside the bar.  Scandalous escapades can occur in the pool room, which is always interesting.  I would call it a good local bar,with a bonus of being across the street from a sno-ball stand.Located in the same area as the world famous Brother's Three, Buddha Belly is an interesting place.
I have passed this bar numerous times. Most of the times it has seemed almost deserted inside so I was reluctant to go inside. One night I was looking for new places and decided what the hell.
I am not sure how to describe the layout other than to say it was different. There was a bar with stools and several booths, but there was also a stage with a stripper pole. Thankfully the pole was not in use so I gave it a whirl. Due to my extraordinary skills, I ended up making enough tips to pay for my beer. OK, that is a lie, but I thought about it in my mind.
The bar was nearly empty. I guess that is better than being packed, but it led me to question why. I ignored those thoughts and had several beers. They have High Life and PBR so you can drink for cheap if you are so inclined.
I hope I summed up my experience with this one. I don't think I will become a regular anytime soon, but I have a feeling I will eventually come back.The service is always horrible. Whether it be the guy or girl - they're married and take tips from one another on exactly how to be more rude to the next person sitting at the bar. The place is empty because it lacks character, the food doesn't do the trick (regardless of how drunk you are) and the company always reminds you why you shouldn't be there anymore. 
Get out. Don't go. Avoid unless you like people from Boston who treat you like shit all the time.It's 1 in the morning and instead of someone super tired, is the nicest superwoman of a bartender/chef in the world! I was so sleepy and that person that walks into the bar and goes ugh idk what I want. She asked what my mood was and not what type of liquor I wanted. Amazing experience, and it's like you know that this amazing woman has an amazing personality and it shows in her work. Thank you for making my Thursday night much better!!Great little dive bar, friendly staff and great prices on drinks and beer. Nice mellow vibe and friendly patrons.Overpriced hamburgers ($10-no tomatoes or fries)and Bloody Mary's made with crap vodka ($8). Won't go back, and I live in the area.Came here for the karaoke night and had a lot of fun! The crowd was definitely a dive bar crowd and extremely passionate about their karaoke, which is all I could ever want out of a karaoke night. Met some interesting folks including a guy named Mouse who said he was a roadie for Drowning Pool and the KJ who said his awesome vintage microphone was purchased from Scott Weiland. Are either of these stories true?? I have no idea but it was enough to set the heart of this child of the 90s aflutter. Fabulous selection of songs and cheap, ample beer. Only downside: the bartender seemed a little grumpy. Not the easiest person to get along with, for me, unfortunately. Oh well. I might come here more often if it weren't uptown but if I lived in the neighborhood I could see this becoming a regular hangout (especially on karaoke night).Alright bar but they at least used to have karaoke on Tuesdays so I have some very fond memories.
Favorites are: KaraokeGreat place to get a late night bite and a beer with no frills. The food is fried, which is probably okay around 2am anyway.This place rules. Awesome dive bar with friendly bartenders and washers and dryers. I just moved here a couple of weeks ago and needed to do some laundry. I was skeptical at first but decided to give this place a shot. I don't plan on ever going anywhere else for laundry, and I'll surely be back for cheap beer and good conversation. $2 each for washer and dryer. Also, free wifi! What else could you ask for? Oh yeah, there's burgers and karaoke and pool tables, etc :)Stopped in here on a Sunday after a little too much fun on Bourbon Street the night before. We were just in time for the game and some free bbq chicken, rice, and blackeyed peas during halftime. The Bloody Mary was outstanding and the bartender was awesome. Will definitely be back.Come here to do laundry. 
Come here play video poker. 
Come here for $3 Abita Pints. 
But...
Don't come here expecting good service.
And...
Definitely don't come here if you're expecting a burger cooked by someone who didn't have to put down a cigarette to retrieve the meat from the freezer.You might say to yourself, "Why would someone think that a combination bar, restaurant and laundromat would be a good idea?"
And, you would be justified in asking that question. It really doesn't seem like a good idea. And yet, there are several combinations like this in New Orleans, and there were 40 years ago as well, when I was growing up in New Orleans. 
[Shrug]
Guess it works here.
The washers and dryers are right in the middle of the bar, there's a pool table, the food is, you know, bar food, the jukebox is kicking, and the drinks are generous, albeit not that cheap.
This is a juke joint with laundry facilities. Revel in it's weirdness!You know that guy from your high school or college who dressed as a pirate and hung out with that girl who wore cat ears all the time- yea, they hang out and do karaoke here (tues and sat night). Basically if you let a wild pack of theatre kids open a bar you would get this. It is so entertaining. Only minus two stars because it's dirty as all get out and dark and has a super limited drink selection.We were in the area to watch one of the first Mardi Gras parades of the season - a Friday evening, light crowd in the street and only two other patrons in the bar. Its not like the bartender was slammed at all -- but her attitude was AWFUL. My friend went in a little later to get a beer and same thing! Whatever.  We found it was a super short walk to go to the bright yellow bar across the street where everyone was chill and having fun, the bartender was super friendly, and beers were $2.  Pretty easy to figure out why the yellow bar was packed and fun, and this place was pretty much dead.  Won't be going back.Another dark dreary dive on Magazine. I stopped in the for the Wednesday $8 burger special and it was exactly what a 3 star entails, A-ok but not exciting enough to text your friends while your driving. Back patio is fairly cool. They have 2 dollar beers and the bartender I had was nice and attentive. Buddha Belly is the kind of bar that you won't seek to go to but if your friends are there you won't be bummed.Dark bar, poorly lit, so humid and warm
"What is your favourite song you have ever seen performed live?"
I have never been asked that question before.
Conversations over Jager, it was the last day of Jazz fest, so the bar (the areaareaarea was calm'n'empty)
Great service is defined by the questions that are asked that you would never expect.
Lead off with "Where ya' from?"
Tears
Lead off with "Shot of Jager?"
ChearsOrdered two draught beers and the not-so-friendly bartender gave me two bottles instead.  The oil in their fryers was in desperate need of a change because our food tasted like rancid oil.  I did appreciate weird, intense karaoke scene but not enough to want to come back.I like this place.  The bar is big and the people who work there are chill enough that I can sit there and drink a cheap beer without getting the stink eye.  The other patrons are also laid back, so you're not being elbowed by people trying to order. It's divey in a pleasant way, with reasonable prices, good music, and I don't feel like anyone cares that I don't dress well.  The mentioned lunch special is a really good deal, and they have a veggie burger.  Is it an amazing veggie burger? No.  Does it come dressed, with fries, and a drink, for less than $10 on Magazine Street? Yes , it does.Best late night burger...EVER!!!! Seriously...bring your laundry, have a beer, and eat a burger while you listen to music, play pool, or just listen to the insane locals around ya. You'll always have a good time here...especially when Lucas is working. xoIt's been a while since I have utilized the amazing and vast services available at The Buddha Belly. 
Pool?  Check! 
Food?  Check!  (free red beans & rice on Mondays from what I recall) 
Hooch?  Check! 
Laundry?  Check! 
Soulmate?  Check! 
Approximately 15 years ago, while innocently slamming brews, shooting pool, and washing clothes, I met the man of my life:  my Huzbint. Yes, it's true, they are an unadvertised love connection.   
Even if you are happily single or otherwise spoken for, Buddha Belly will take care of your food, buzz, and laundry needs.  Do not expect white table cloth service or quality, and, for that matter, pricing. 
If you read a bad review on this establishment, it is likely from a rotten fool; by which I mean someone who wants to pay very little for 5 star service and unending gourmet platters.  It's a bar.  It's a New Orleans bar.  Hence:  bar food.  Are ya with me?  But as far as bar food goes, it's OK and the prices are loooooowwwww. Good people and good times.  I cannot imagine being back in NOLA and not visiting.Cool, chill place to do laundry while you eat, drink, watch TV or play pool. Sit right by the window if you want to get a wireless connection (use D-link not Linksys). This place would rock so hard if they got their own wireless connection.There was nothing really open on magazine when we arrived super late in NOLA.  But we were sure we would find something open on magazine street and kept on walking. We came across Igor's and as luck would have it, they were also still serving food. 
The place was empty, aside from two other people at the bar and another two sitting at a table. I usually like to see a bit more patrons and much more commotion, but it was super late. hahaha. Our bartender was also our cook. We procured drinks immediately and he went to work on our food. Our bartender was very nice and partook in some light conversation with us which was nice. The food was pretty basic and very good when you are hungry and just need something in your belly! Between the four of us a burger, some fries and jalapeno poppers were shared. I will say the burger was cooked well and not over done. 
It was a good late night welcome to the city. We got exactly what we needed.never had thier drinks, but the burgers are amazing! btw they cook them infront of you!!Our wonderful neighborhood bar!!! Bartenders are awesome and that's what makes it great. You cant have a local watering hole like this one. Patrons come and go out of here and the neighbors are constant and we arent all 'gutter punks and teens'....some of us are local working class folks enjoying the company of familiar faces:) Its awesome!!! We have been going there for five years and the atmosphere is the same. Whether it's laundry, jukebox, burgers or hanging outside, this is the place to be on a weekend night!!!!I give it a 5 strictly for the service.  The bartender was completely swamped.  His other worker didn't show but he still managed to fix me fries even though he was extremely busy.  I really appreciate the service.  The band that was playing was ok...not the greatest.  I've been here a few times.  It's an okay place to hang out.  It's right on the corner so you can't miss it.Great service with very well made-healthy drinks! Where else can you get 3 double cocktails & 4 beers for $24!! Bypass Ms. Maes!! Belly up to Igors Buddha!I enjoy then burger special between 11am-2pm weekdays.  Not incredible food and its usually pretty quiet.  They put Tony's Cajun seasoning on everything - but I dig that sometimes.Came in for some libations on a day off. Great bartender 'Sazo' who was attentive and energetic. Great selection of beer and spirits. Cheap food available as well as laundry, pool, karaoke and a stripper pole if you feel so inclined to use at your discretion. A great neighborhood bar.I was only here once...but it's so cool!
They have laundry machines in the back!! AND pool tables!  AND food!  AND karaoke! AND drinks (duh!) AND an outdoor veranda!  
yay dive bars!  
I only ever used the pool table and ate the food and drank the...drinks, but would probably go back again some time.Strong drinks and cheap food while doing your laundry!
I love Igors Buddha Belly. This place has kickass bartenders, good food, stiff drinks, video poker, pool tables, and laundry machines. Yes, I said laundry machines. Lots of folks in the neighborhood come and eat and drink while doing their laundry here. 
A double coke and whiskey will run you $5 and it will put hair on your chest. The fried corn bites and their burgers have to be my favorite food items. Each costing less than $6. 
The bartenders here are the icing on the cake. Always happy to make convo and/or just serve you a stiff drink. Karaoke night is fun to watch because alot of the people are purposefully bad at it.Worst place in New Orleans. It's my sec time in New Orleans, and everywhere I've been is very nice and cool. The bartender in this bar cannot keep on track w ppls ID. He found an random ID in his bar and he asked us if it belongs to any of us. We all showed him our ID which belongs to us and he just wanted us out because he thinks we used one ID for two ppl, and kicked us out.
Here's the tip, if you cannot keep track on customers ID, don't be a bartender. That's a shame.They actually DO have WiFi- that needs to be updated.  Decent drink specials.  kind of a typical, dark, bar.This place is pretty weird, which is probably what they're going for, but it's not my jam. You can count on about 5 people being there at any given time, but probably not more than 10. The food looks terrible, the female bartender is just as bad, but the karaoke and emcee are fun.A place where you can drink, eat, watch the news,video poker, karaoke, and wash your clothes all at the same time?
Only in NoLa baby.
Typical New Orleans' brand of dive bar, minus the ability to do laundry. They do a mimosa special on the weekends that makes me one happy girl.Some features of the Buddha Belly:
*15-ish seat bar
*4 slot machines
*3 pairs of coin washers and dryers
*2 pool tables
*1 jukebox
*1 open kitchen for bar-food orders
*Crap-ton of smokiness
The funny thing is, all those features are pretty much standard at any of Igor's bars.  The Belly also has:
*Tuesday night karaoke
*Laminated chess boards on tables
*Back door patio
*Stripper pole
Fairly cheap drinks, clearly lots of options for things to do, colorful crowd.  Again, if you're not into dive bars, don't bother, but if it's your scene then this place is one of those classic NOLA dive experiences.  Nothing special, but not too shabby.In a city that has no shortage of superb bloody marys, the one I had at Igor's yesterday is particularly memorable. It kind of tasted like spicy pizza in a glass! OK, I suppose that sounds disgusting. But trust me, it was perfect. Sometimes when a bloody is spicy, it's extra tangy because of the Tabasco. While I'm thoroughly addicted to Tabasco and all but carry it in my purse, I prefer this kind of bloody that's extra savory, salty and just... oh god, it was *that* good.
I'm writing this on a Sunday morning and thanks to Daylight Savings Time, I may be indulging in a bloody mary at an indecently early hour (before 8am and no, shockingly I'm not up from the night before).
Really nice bartender, too.Fun night at our last stop of the night uptown, Friendly Bartender/cook/security Luke is the best and we had the place pretty much to ourselves until 4:00 am on a slow Wednesday night except for a few friendly customers and locals that trickled in as we were there, great service, conversation and food was good! Thanks Luke for keep us entertainedrecently moved back to nola after almost six years. guess why we left.... i stopped in the buddah belly this past saturday in the early eve to do some laundry and have a pint or three. i discovered the pints were only $2 and they had abita fall fest. what a great beer. it was then i realized i was probably screwed.
i'd planned on leaving before 10pm but could not help myself as the bartenders were friendly and regulars started coming in. then the karaoke started. what fun. while i didn't get up on the stage (that i can remember), i cheered folks on and a great time was had by all. 
finding my way home around 3am, i promptly took my clothes off and sat on my front porch naked, smoking my pipe, tobacco wafting in the air and a few of my neighbors staring. thank god i was passed out in bed before police arrived, my girlfriend said. 
i've never wanted to do my laundry as much as i do now but doubt my girl will let me do it alone again. see you next time!Dive but awesome. 
No one was here but the 5 of us so we got TOP service. 
Food is delicious as far as being cheap yet tasty! 
Delicious Hurricanes! 
Our stay here is 5 days and we will be back.If you are Polish and want to hear your birthday song, come to this fine establishment.  If you want a bomb ass burger, also venture to Igors, a hidden gem for the dive community that is New Orleans dives, you will not be disappointed.   Sto Lat!It really is OKAY and average. I only come here for their pool tables. I don't live far from here so if I want to play a few games then I come here. I must warn you though, the bartenders here are so mean! Especially a younger girl with dark hair. Talk about attitude. So the customer service is basically nonexistent here. I'm picky about being treated right when I go places since I am a business owner myself. So they get zero stars for customer service. The only reason I really come here is because it never really gets super crowded.It looks terrible, the bathrooms are gross, and people wash there clothes there but....
ONE OF MY FAVORITE BARS IN NEW ORLEANS!
Bar tenders are super chill and friendly. Not in that I'm paid to be friendly way. It like cheers but better. They have a pole for your drunken girls night. Pool tables so you can live out your pole shark fantasies. If you like to pollute your lungs with cigarettes there's a patio area for that. They have great burgers. And the veggie burger is actually good! Soak up all those cheap drinks.What can I say.  This is a local bar for the neighborhood and we have all types.  That's the beauty of Buddha!  I recommend going on Tuesday and Saturday nights for a taste of NOLA karaoke.  It's a load of fun and I bring all of my out of town friends here to experience it.  It's not generally super crowded, which I like, and the bartenders are top notch.  They have great drink specials too, so be careful.  We have had many a night where we enjoyed them a bit too much.  While food is not bad, it's just your standard bar fare.The few times I've been here, I've been left wondering how the place really stays in business. I mean, it's not a bad place, but there is never really anyone in here. The staff is nice enough and there are always one or two "regulars" at the bar, but you would expect more on a Friday or Saturday night.
While I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this place, it's not bad if you are looking for a quiet place to have a beer and hang out.In a town with a thousand dining options, on a street with hundreds of cute restaurants my decision to never go back to Buddah Belly was made VERY easy by the karaoke guy on Mardi Gras evening. 
Walked in as a party of 5 at 9:15-9:30ish, got carded by the bartender and then took the only table available in the place big enough for 5 to sit. This table only had 3 chairs, so I grabbed 2 off the stage and the karaoke guy, with a really awful attitude and tone of voice, tells us to put the chairs back because he's running karaoke and needs them.
We're a party of 5 looking for dinner and drinks. Our bill would be over $100, no problem. I'm sure we're not the biggest tab, but, if I'm the guy in charge, I give the two chairs to this table and tell the karaoke guy to stand until we're gone. He's the employee, we are the guests. Give us an hour or so to eat and get out and you can have your 2 chairs back. 
I immediately said fine, we won't eat here and we left. I filed no complaint with the bartender or manager and we went on up the street. Can't tell you if the food or drinks are any good because that wormy karaoke guy ran us out before we could spend a dime.Stopped into Buddha Belly for the first time on a bar crawl. The beer is cheap, the bar is huge and there is plenty of space to hang with friends. The only negative here is the food, the advertised burger is big but its a frozen patty which in New Orleans is a dive bar sin. Real fresh meat or dont serve a burger at all.Usually a freak show...and that's about the only entertainment.  The staff is cool though and the prices are pretty good...After my fellow Yelpers, Re H & Steph D, abandoned me & my general aura of AWESOMENESS at Brothers III and no other Yelpers had as yet shown their faces on the UYE Magazine Street Crawl I figured what the hell lets stagger down the street to NY Pizza and grab a slice to soak up some booze....in the midst of my staggering I happened to glance to the left and spied the Buddha Belly and abruptly changed course...
Upon entering the joint was deserted...I mean just me, the bartendress and another patron enjoying a burger at the bar...So I figured let's try a burger...even in my state it was just OK...I could tell the burger has tons of potential to be absolutely great but on this night the bartendress/line cook overcooked the patty and that was just a damn shame....But I will be back to eat another one
Love the darkness and overall vibe of the place and the 2 pool tables in back also love the prominently posted sign behind the bar with the number for United Cabs...also I really liked the fact the Belly carries as their "well" scotch the low end stuff (Clan MacGregor) I keep on hand when I just want a cocktail at the end of the day...so I enjoyed 2-3 while I shot some 8 ball in the back...after tiring of playing with myself I was planning to stagger on down the street and locate the UYE but ran up on some Yelpers from the ATL and Austin...had to break the news the Belly was closing since it was 3 AM and they were SOL on eating...so we trooped over to NY Pizza to find that it was shuttered as well....What to do? Whipped out the cell, called UNITED CAB and hitched a ride to some place that was open....all in all a great time in the Belly and look forward to getting back there...Still can't believe it was a ghost town on a Friday night before 2 AM though...Great dive! They have the standard selection of beer and liquor. Cheap food that saves my life every time. 20 piece chicken nuggets are my favorite, for less than $6, can't beat it! Try out all the sauces! Perfect cure for late night hunger.
My friends and I like to do karaoke here on Saturdays. Well, I'm usually just watching and singing along in the crowd. A mix of regulars and newbies... sometimes over run by karaoke DJs from other nights. Get your songs in because the wait can be long. 
Pool tables and laundry machines in the back... Always a great time!!Wife and I walk in, stand at the side of the bar (the side with no stools) get ignored by the bartender and then told "F*ck you" when we left.Strolling along Magazine Street.  
We stumbled upon yet another bar, grill, game room , laundry mat combo. 
Per a local it's the only way to do laundry!  
Service was nice.  
Not a fancy cocktail kinda joint. Traditional cocktails served in singles or doubles.  
If I lived there I'd be a regular...everyone needs to do laundry.   But as a tourist it was a good place to grab a drink and get out of the heat of the day.