Stumbled upon this lovely place on my most recent visit to Nee Orleans. A definite Sunday Brunch go-to!  Diverse menu and great drinks.Sara is hands down the best waitress I think my friends and I have ever had. She was amazing, super attentive, went above and beyond like nothing else, and generally was an awesome person to talk to. The entire experience here was phenomenal and we will not soon forget it!Best New Restaurant in town.
People can be leery of trying new restaurants, but Jack Rose is an exception.  In fact, they may the Hottest new restaurant in town.  Chef Brian Landry is more than a skilled chef, he is as passionate about his guests as he is about his food.  Seriously, we have tried everything on the menu and argue which dish is our favorite, in each category.  
Right now, the Octopus Carpaccio is really excellent, but my staple starter is the Steak Tartare with a cracked egg on top.  You really can't go wrong with anything they serve.  
Their attention to detail is above and beyond other "quality" restaurants in New Orleans and they have a superb host staff.  Ariana's smile is infectious as you walk up to the host stand and you can't help but feel like you are greeted by an old friend.  
If you are lucky, ask for Deborah or Sara, as your server.  Deborah is so proficient with a fun undercurrent of joy.  Sara is your energetic, knowledgeable server who has never met a stranger.  
Go for the food and the amazing drinks, but stop and live in the moment.  Become part of New Orleans, while at Jack Rose, you won't regret it.  
Bon Appetite.Really fun atmosphere with incredible food and drinks. The service was out of this world great. Our server was Sara and she was very knowledgeable and entertaining! Will be back again and again!Jack Rose lived up to all my expectations for great food, exceptional service, and unique design, and it also nailed that rare, hard-to-define quality: it was a damn good time. The place just has a great energy and everyone around me seemed to be having a blast. That's apparent from the moment you step into the "living room," which now serves small plates along with cocktails, wine, and beer. It's a cool room (no doubt you've already seen somebody's selfie with the Lil Wayne portrait on Instagram), and it works really well as a place to hang with a group and meet other people. You could easily make a night of eating and drinking in this space. But the main attraction is the "dining room," which shares the same vibe and liveliness but with an expanded menu. The entrees are diverse (my two favorites, Pompano en Papillote and Chicken Parmesan, are a good example of this), but everything I had was successful, aka scrumptious. The dessert menu is also a real standout (Fluff-A-Nutter is all I'm saying). 
Did me and my friends have too many (delicious) cocktails and a little too much fun? Probably. But I nonetheless stand by my judgement on this one: plan to have a great time, overeat, and soak in the over-the-top decor, and you will be rewarded.In town for the weekend and a friend recommended this place. The decor is out of this world and staff are very friendly, out waiter Justin was top class. Food is outstanding, had the lamb shank and it fell off the bone, portions are plenty big as well, the fish in the bag just melts in your mouth5 for service and ambience, 3.5/4 for food.  We had the heirloom tomato salad which was delicious.  The squash blossom was also really good.  Was a little let down with the gumbo and also the cracked potatoes.  I wouldn't necessarily return for dinner however I would absolutely 100% return for the desserts.  My favorite one was the blueberry bread pudding! Was so delicious without feeling too heavy.  The fluff a nutter sundae was also really good!I have officially learned about a new level of hospitality. Taught by none other than the hostess with the mostest, Emery Whalen, an extremely talented young entrepreneurial restauranteur with a world of opportunity yet to conquer. 
What a charming set of restaurant concepts all under one roof (Pontchartrain Hotel, NoLa). Their newest restaurant, Jack Rose, is absolutely to die for. Great drinks, great staff, and great vibes. The chicken wings are actually the best I've ever tasted (literally, ever). The views from the Hot Tin rooftop bar are absolutely amazing. Pretty much a given if you're in town if you ask me.Worst. Cocktails. Ever. Legit they take every classic New Orleans cocktail and infuse it with butter or duck fat or some weird syrup. They don't let the classics stand on there own and they destroy the authenticity of the cocktail. Keep it simple is what they need to do.Decor could not be more chic. Food was good, not great. I think our starters were better than our mains. My husband had the lamb and I had the flounder. I'm not sure what it was but neither knocked it out of the park for us. We did however have the best dirty martini we have ever had...may be back and try again once they work out their kinks? I want to give this place a 5 star.From the second we walked in, I knew this place was special... The decor is beautiful, the environment fun and friendly, the staff incredibly welcoming and attentive and the food, well the food was outstanding! Steak tartare with fresh baked onion rolls can't be missed! The crawfish bread was equally divine. And the red shrimp was the best I've ever had. For entrees, we thoroughly enjoyed the veal, pompano and the lamb shank. We were delighted with some truly inspired cocktails to start and our server Justin guided us towards a fantastic cab with our meal. Dessert was heavenly...a rose buttercream cake that melted in your mouth and a peanut butter marshmallow sundae that was perfection in a dish. The highlight of the amazing meal was chef owner Brian Landry doing a chambong with us... Don't know what that is? You soon will! Loved every second of our experience... We can't wait to go back!I had an amazing experience. The atmosphere was superb, impeccable service was also notable.
I ordered the Lamb Shank which was moist, flavorful, and so tender that it could be cut with a fork.
I am so happy to be a part of a such a great Nola venue.We love coming to Nola to try out all the amazing restaurants they have to offer.  
This trip we found a fairly new place right next to where we are staying.  So of course we had to try it out!!
I order the Royal Red Shrimp Muddy Waters squid ink Campanella!!  The sauce was so so so delicious!!  I wanted to ask for more rolls to literally soak up the rest of the juices!  All the flavors were so well balanced.  
We will definite stop back through on our way home to try the Flounder w/crawfish, morels,
English peas.  
The only reason why I didn't give this higher then a 4 Star...it was so delicious I wanted a bigger serving!This is a good option if you're in the area.  Service was excellent.  The cocktails stand out more than the food.  Royal Red Shrimp Muddy Waters was the best of the three food dishes we tried.Jack Rose is exceptional!! We had the crab bisque, gumbo, octopus carpaccio, lamb shank, soft shell crab,, and angus steak. Every dish was perfect and the lamb was the best I have ever had! Service was perfect and the decor is so artistically tasteful. I highly recommend a night here when visiting New Orleans!!Jack Rose is one of the newest and best restaurants you will find in the city.  The restaurant has excellent customer service from the hostess stand all the way through the kitchen.  It's other elements such as atmosphere, food, and servers leave nothing on the table. 
If you have the chance, stop in and grab a bite.  They are getting busy, so may want to call ahead for a table.  Should you like, ask for Deborah, Sarah, or Jenna, anyone of these servers will not disappoint. 
Jack Rose has opened now for approximately 2 months, we have been in at least once a week, sometimes more since the opening.
Yumm.I can't say enough about this restaurant. 
The food ranks effortlessly among the top tier of New Orleans establishments. The octopus. The brussel sprouts. The black angus daube. The soft shell crab. I think kittens are adorable. But if the only way I could get another chance to eat that soft shell crab was to drown a kitten, then, without question, I would drown the kitten.
The service was superb. It hit the perfect balance of attentiveness and space.
But among venues with its calibre cuisine, there's one thing that puts Jack Rose in a league all its own  -- the place is a blast! I don't know if it's the music (very well chosen by somebody more fun and more hip than me), the decour of the place or the engaging personalities of the staff. But whatever it is, five minutes after we sat down, I looked around and realized that everybody in the place was having a ball. And they kept having a ball for 2 hours.
In a word, Jack Rose is an instant classic -- and a major new player on the New Orleans restaurant scene.Had a DELICIOUS and FUN Friday afternoon at Jack Rose with my out-of-town guests!!  Food is picture perfect...and tastes even better than it looks. The FRIED chicken parmesan with fresh pasta is unlike anything else in the city.  The staff is also wonderful -- treats you like old friends, not like customers.  They were also very patient with my niece, who had more fun than any of us.  Thank you, Emery and Brian!Walking in you feel like you're transported to a different world of elegance and style (not over the top fancy, very down to earth) - the walls are decorated superbly and details not missed. All that translates into the beautiful food as well - the highlights are really the entrees, which while pricey, are well worth it. The snapper (whole fish) came out terrific with flavors well balanced, full of meat and juicy. Cocktails are also delightful - strong and delicious: the restaurant serves up their own unique take of well known drinks. Lovely place to go, to enjoy the food, enjoy the walls and ambiance, enjoy chatting with the staff, everything. Went at 9:30 PM and it was packed, always good to get a reservation too.This place has really nice decor but the food is average in my opinion, (say 3 star level). My extra star is for the good service and the ambiance.I just ate here on my first night in New Orleans and it could've been a better experience. I'm staying at the hotel alone waiting for some friends to arrive tomorrow, and was contemplating room service for dinner. I read about the restaurant and decided to go there instead. The staff was lovely and welcoming to a solo diner. My waitress, Anjal (I may be butchering the spelling of her name), recommended the crawfish toast as quintessential New Orleans. I added the shrimp appetizer and was in heaven. Both dishes were so flavorful and exactly what I wanted out of a New Orleans dining experience. When it came time for dessert I was stuffed, but after hearing Anjal talk about the rose cake I decided to get it to go and have now eaten far more than my stomach will allow. I'm so happy I stopped by - the food, drinks, and service were all exceptional.What a fantastic meal. The ambience was perfect and the food was superb. Attentive but not annoying staff. Order one of the specialty cocktails and then take a trip to the Hot Tin bar upstairs. This should not be missed.We came here on a recent trip to NOLA and were surprised to say that this was a definite highlight and maybe the best meal of our trip. The duck was the best duck any of us had ever had and the escargot and the shrimp & squid ink pasta appetizers were amazing! The atmosphere is fun and artsy but it can be a bit loud. Staff was attentive without being overbearing. We will for sure return. Reservations recommended.Neat decor and friendly staff. I first walked in and definitely looked lost. You walk into a living room atmosphere and the hostess stand is in the back and bar is to the side behind mirrors. Theres a little window for you to see them making drinks. Hostess came up and greeted us and sat us in the room behind the hostess stand. I ordered a Jack Rose cocktail but wasn't really impressed. It was just way too strong for me felt like I was drinking a shot instead of a cocktail. We ordered a few small plates: street corn(delicious!),escargot(very good), and royal red shrimp(my favorite). Entrees were: lamb shank(kinda gamey and bland wouldn't order again and I felt like the risotto wasn't cooked evenly some soft and some hard bites), special was soft shell crab and my friend said it was very good, and fried chicken parmesan(husband said it was okay and spaghetti sauce was more on the tart side). I forgot our waitress's name(blond hair,glasses,bubbly attitude and friendly). She asked how was everything and I just told her I didn't really enjoy the lamb but the small plates were very good. Once we got the check I noticed she didn't charge me for the lamb which I didn't ask for but was pleasantly surprised. I would return for the small plates,atmosphere, and friendly service.Breathtaking. I'm pumped. The Caribbean Room peeps did a mass make-over and it was well worth their effort. Chef Brian Landry hits it out of the park. I don't even know where to start. 
1. The SALADS! I'm a salad kinda girl and the table-side Caesar is my new fave. Kale. Croutons. Cauliflower. Heaven. I also like the Italian salad and the green goddess.
2. The DESSERT! Their pastry chef deserves saint-hood here in our city because the FLUFFANUTTER sundae is literally nostalgia in your mouth. I adore the rose buttercream cake which is made with grapefruit (also my fave). Last night I tried the chocolate semi-freddo (sp?), and while I'm not a chocolate dessert person, this thing was epic. 
3. The Jack Rose signature cocktail...I have no words. Just go drink it.
4. Go. Get. The. Chicken. Parm.
5. The starters are crowd pleasers as well; I love the sweetbreads, the fried veggies (frito misto, I believe), and the House-made squid ink pasta with shrimp. Decadent. 
Whoever is responsible for this work of art is a baller in my book, and has really elevated the dining experience at the Pontchartrain...and throughout the city. SO FUN. Props on the Ashley Longshores featured throughout the dining room.This is the best brunch in The city! It is unlimited champagne. The only downside is that it lasts as long as you have food but the food is so good that it is worth getting multiple courses! I had the steak and eggs and I 10/10 recommend this! The service was great and it's an extremely picturesque place!I'm upset that no one told me about bottomless Veuve. Rude. 
That was worth a trip allll by itself. I'm thankful for the hosts who stopped me at the door or else I would've ended up on St. Charles walking the streetcar tracks with a glass of champs in my hand. 
Enough about that.
My food was delicious! Got the special for that day and it was filling. Please go if you're ever in NOLA.This an update to another review I did 7 months ago. The last time I ate here it was fantastic . I ate dinner here  1/9 and it was not the same experience. When I ate here in June I had the king trumpet pasta dish with capers and it was incredible. I ordered the same dish last night and it was completely different. The portion was smaller and there were no king trumpet mushrooms . The dish had enoki mushrooms. I have posted pics below of the dish and you can see it is completely different. I also ordered the rose buttercream cake which came out half frozen with the buttercream cracking off. My waiter apologized profusely when i showed him and offered to get me another piece which I declined . Not sure what is going on but was completely let down this time.Excellent!
I can't think of a reason to take any stars away.
I went for my birthday dinner, and it was the best choice! 
The seating and lounge area are beautiful, fun, and generally relaxing. 
The staff was so sweet. I'd forgotten to call ahead (it was a Jazz fest weekend) so they didn't have anything available in the main dining area. The hostess still tried to make room, but with a party of 5, it was a no go. They let me know you can sit in the lounge and eat from the snack or dinner menu or even on the patio. It was perfect weather, so we decided to sit outside. They quickly set up the tables and sat us down. 
The food and drinks were delicious. I had their signature drink, the Jack Rose, and really enjoyed it. My friends had the Ruby Slipper and loved it. Of course, if it's your first time, I'd recommend the Jack Rose. You won't regret it!
I split the chicken parmesan and crawfish bread with one of my friends and I had to slow down to save room for dessert. The chicken was beautifully seasoned, there was a lot of meat, and we discovered it now comes with pasta where it had not before. Worth a taste, even if you have to box up half it. The crawfish bread was more like a grilled cheese with the crawfish on top, so it's very filling. I was happy with the dinner as a whole...then dessert came. I went straight to heaven. I ordered the grapefruit cake. The waitress brought it out with a sparkler candle and another waiter to sing me happy birthday. It was so sweet! 
The cake was about 4 layers with the cake itself and the cream that was in between the layers infused with grapefruit flavors. It was still sweet and not overpowering, though. It was the perfect amount of icing and was beautifully moist. 
After a wonderful evening, we went up to Hot Tin, the rooftop bar within the same hotel, so this restaurant and location really has it all. I will definitely be back!Really busy. Really lively. Very good food.
This used to be the Caribbean Room. But it has upped its "cool" quotient: much louder, much brighter, much busier. The cocktail menu is quirky, interesting and locally focused. They still have the pompano en papillote, although it has a saffron cream sauce instead of the herb butter sauce it used to have. Very good, though. My husband loved the duck. The bread service was disappointing, and service was enthusiastic, but overburdened with the crowd.I just actually physically cried over this black angus daube it was so damn good as it melted in my mouth and deeply appreciative mind. This is the best meat I've ever had in my life.LOVED IT!!!! Not sure how I didn't know about this place! If you haven't been you are missing out! The drinks are AWESOME, the food is good and there is a roof top bar! How can you beat that?! If you haven't been GO, NOW!I had dinner with friends for my birthday! The atmosphere is lively and fun! The food was amazing. The drinks are to die for. And you absolutely have to take a picture in front of the Lil Wayne picture. I'll definitely be back for date night. After dinner we hopped on the elevator to check out Hot Tin. The cool atmosphere and lively crowd carried on upstairs. Chic & fun!Came here at the recommendation of my brother in law while on a business trip. Food was incredible. The crawfish toast , the king trumpet mushroom with bucatini and the desserts were out of this world . My friends loved their dinners as week , one had the flounder and the other soft shell crabs. The rose butter cream cake as well as the lemon meringue were also incredible.I have waited a long time to try this highly rated restaurants and was so dissappointed with our experience. We spent Christmas dinner here and the menu was a prefix menu which was fine. Ambiance was great and the hostess was friendly. We could barely hear our waiter and he was not overly friendly just very to the point... I had to say "what?" After everything he said and was never asked if I wanted another beverage. The food is what we were so excited for and like I said it was a huge disappointment...kind of like the chef didn't even show up. Every dish needed major salt and every dish was room temperature (even my soup and bread pudding- everyone of the dishes we ordered should have been hot). The plates weren't even warm, they we're cold. I ordered the duck as my entree and not only was it also just room temperature, there was absolutely no sear on it to crisp it up or make it more flavorful.  At $65+ a person I really expected ALOT more! We won't be returning or recommending this restaurant.Great ambiance and cocktails! Great desserts. Cool rooftop bar (Hot Tin). Expect loud atmosphere. A couple of us found our entrees a bit too salty but asides from that it was very nice.The service is always good! The first time I went service was good better then the most recent time (my 2nd). I decided to take my boyfriend out to get champagne and dessert. We did not have reservations. So I told the hostess we would not be in the restaurant for a long time. So she was nice enough to pencil us in on the spot!!!! We had the champbongs which were pretty cool a great way to celebrate special locations. The Smore's dessert was pretty good. The brownie was chilled, I will preferred had it been warmed. That's how Jack Rose serves it.Great food and excellent service. Arrived without a reservation and were promptly seated. Cesear salad different but very enjoyable.Trendy spot on the first floor of the historic Pontchartrain Hotel has something for everyone. The music is great, the vibe is super cool, and the staff is awesome. The food leaves a little something to be desired. 
Appetizers included escargot, royal red shrimp muddy waters, and roasted cauliflower. These weren't too bad. The escargot was cooked perfectly. 
Out of our group, there was a variety of entrees ordered. Snapper, chicken Parmesan, lamb shank, pompano en papillote. Of these, the fried chicken Parmesan stole the show! Snapper was good also. Lamp shank and pompano left a little to be desired. 
There is an eclectic selection of art throughout the space, the lights are perfectly dimmed, and there's a really cool disco ball in the center of the restaurant. Jack Rose deserves a visit.Gorgeous, hip, fun and cool. The environment alone is enough to enjoy. The food is fabulous! Well prepared and nicely served. Definitely a place where one can just kick back and enjoys meal with friends or have a romantic dinner. Love!Wonderful food, host, servers, sommelier,  and MC was our guide through the whole experience. Beautiful space and really unique decor. Mixing the old with the new. Do not miss this if in NOLA!I can't say enough about my first trip!
I will my restaurant food blog post do the talking!
www.willseatsandtreats.com
Amazing!Appetizers were delicious, and crawfish bisque was AMAZING. Most of all, Katie was the best server we've had in New Orleans and we'll definitely be returningBEST meal on the trip -- don't miss it! Atmosphere and service were amazing, flavors and texture were incredible, highly recommend coming for dinner and then hitting the rooftop bar for the best view in the city. Reservations needed, come early to check out the property.Super cool place. Great vibes and super trendy. Started with steak tartare. Second time I have ever had the dish ( first being in Montreal). It was delicious and very flavorful. Boudin empanadas were recommended by waiter. Really great choice. The blue crab bisque was ok but I could do without. Husband got the fried chicken parm. The fried chicken itself was cooked very nice. The batter was super flavorful. The red gravy was ok ( not too flavorful) but the chicken made up for it. I had the lamb shank and it probably was one of the best lamb shanks I have had. The au jus was so flavorful with it. We ended with the recommendation of the grapefruit cake. The grapefruit was very subtle and if you like icing and cake you will like this. The waiter was very knowledgeable and helpful. I will def go back because there were so many other dishes I wanted to tryThis place was awesome!  The cracked potato appetizer was amazing!!!!! Highly recommended!The atmosphere was perfect.The staff was attentive & had great attitudes. The music & disco ball made for a fun hangout with friends. I would go back simply for the atmosphere. The food was good. Nothing amazing but the tone of the restaurant made up for the lacking of "amazing" food.  If you are seeking a fun & inviting restaurant- here it is!LOVE this restaurant. The decor is so quirky & fanciful. The drinks are lovely. Service is outstanding. The food was phenomenal (especially the crawfish egg rolls). My husband & I split the chicken Parmesan which may have been a tad undercooked because we both felt some moderate stomach upset after dinner, so just double check that, otherwise the dish itself was fantastic. I'm not at all sure why, but the pasta that accompanied the chicken Parmesan was the best I've ever had. Also since it was our anniversary they brought us champagne in a bong style glass, which was hilarious & so fun to drink. We also ordered the mile high pie. Unfortunately is just a very tall slice of various ice cream flavors. No actual pie involved. Maybe I read the menu wrong, who knows. It was still good, if ice cream is what you are wanting. Regardless, we had a wonderful time & will definitely return.We went for a girls night celebrating a birthday. The place was hopping on a Saturday night. The atmosphere is so much fun. From the loud retro decor to fun wait staff. Our waiter was so knowledgable of the menu. We did a family style dinner. Everything we tried was delicious. 
We ordered 
The Escargot 
Crawfish bread 
Crawfish bisque 
For mains we tried 
Flounder which had crawfish on top. They filet it and then fry the bones so you can pick through that. So good! I spent a lot of time picking. 
We also had the pompano which is baked in a bag. The lamb was bone in. Its done more like a roast. Everything was delectable. I plan on going back with hubby. Almost forgot, we had a chambong. My first time. It was a very fun place!Food was good. Bathroom was completely destroyed. I asked the server to pay for the bachelorette and champagne for the table but she gave the lady of honor the bill on her day.This place is awesome!! A friend and I went on a Sunday night and the neighborhood wasn't too hard to park in and it was pretty quiet and nice. Walking into the place, you immediately get engulfed in the atmosphere. The walls are covered floor to ceiling in portraits (which the obvious main attraction in the center of the wall). The main lounge has the couches and chairs all around the room, with the one wall covered in portaits, and the opposite wall as a mirror to open up the room and make it look bigger. In the back is where the sit down dining was. They have 3 bars in the restaurant, one in the main lounge area, the Bayou Bar, and a rooftop bar. The Bayou Bar featured live piano music and we didn't get to check out the rooftop one, but we stayed in the lounge because I wanted to get a picture. I originally wanted to order the Yams A Make Her Dance cocktail, but I guess they didn't have it anymore, so instead I ordered the Ruby Slipper (super good). Sipped on cocktails and ordered the crawfish bread (AMAZINGG- I'm talking like you'll want to lick the plate clean good). It was cheesy, the bread had great texture and the sauce tasted so creamy. Not to mention, they loaded the crawfish tails on it! It was actually quite filling for two of us to share (came with 2 pieces of the square cut focaccia bread). The lighting is great at night for the pictures and the staff was super nice. Very helpful, polite and courteous and attentive! Overall, we loved our experience here and will definitely be coming back to try more cocktails and crawfish bread... and I'll be dragging my friends here as well. :)My partner surprised me with a date night at Jack Rose - what.a.brilliant.surprise! We started off with cocktails at Hot Tin and overlooked the city and then made our way down to Jack Rose.
NOLA is known for its hospitality and good service, but let me say, Jack Rose went above and beyond. From the moment we got to the hostess stand, everyone was chatting to us and they all made note that my boyfriend had told them I was vegan when he booked. (I love that they actually made a note in the system, rather than just trying to wing it when we showed up like a lot of places.) From the beginning, the woman who showed us to our seats was telling me what foods I could enjoy with what substitutions. Our waiter, Jonah, then came over and made some more vegan suggestions. The entire time he was pleasant, polite, friendly, incredibly helpful, and went above and beyond (even walking me to the ladies' room!).
There was a small wedding party for a couple just married and I totally get why they would come here afterwards: the ambience is not replicated anywhere else. It's quirky, it's romantic, it's tasteful, it's old-world charm with a twist. There are different vibes to the different rooms which felt like such a unique experience in itself. 
We both started with cocktails. I got the Summer en la Ciduad after Jonah told me it was one of his favourites. And it was very different and very delicious. I ordered the crispy brussel sprouts to start, without the bacon or breadcrumbs and my partner got the muddy water shrimp. He enjoyed his and mine was delicious - the dressing on top, I want that in a bottle! For mains I went with the king trumpet mushrooms on bucatini without the cheese and my boyfriend ordered the pompano en papillote which he raved about. Mine accidentally showed up with cheese - mistakes happen! - and I had a manager (I think?) and Jonah both apologize profusely for it. It was quickly corrected the dish was incredible. I so enjoyed getting a proper vegan meal at an upscale restaurant rather than some thrown-together veg (not to mention that it's already on the menu, just need some things left off!). 
I am already dying to return, for the service and the ambience just as much as I am the food.Perfect no rush brunch spot with $30 bottomless champagne. The food was mediocre. We also ate before so we just had apps. The tuna was pretty good. Don't order the steak tartare it didn't taste fresh. It tasted like raw ground beef. The atmosphere was neat with a diverse crowd. I'd go back to chill& drink. Brunch wasn't my favesCame here for a birthday dinner and I was impressed. Although the menu is limited and seems unappetizing, everything I tried was delicious! From the "inked" pasta to the vegetable tempura, I loved everything. Go upstairs for a surprise :)I finally made it over to Jack Rose for brunch on Sunday. The crowd was lively since it was hours before our heartbreaking Saints game and there was a band playing in the front room... and the piped in music was still being fed through the speakers in the back room, where we were. I mentioned it to our server after I couldn't take it anymore and he immediately shut down the piped in music. WHEW.
I started with a Bubbles & Butter cocktail. Yum bourbon and sparkling wine, 2 of my favorite things! My appetizer was the royal red shrimp with squid ink pasta. The shrimp were delicious and the pasta was earthy and rich. For my main, I had a scallop special with saffron risotto. It was gorgeous and very tasty but could have used a smidge of salt and pepper. For dessert we split the mile high pie, because how could I resist? It was gorgeous and lived up to the hype.
The place was packed (they moved our reservation back) because the restaurant was closing early because of the game. So the minor service bobbles were not a big deal. And for whatever reason, the back room was really cold, but it was in the low 40s outside. I was pretty impressed that they kept the folks who were doing bottomless veuve well supplied.
I would definitely be back to sample more delicious items, but hopefully on someone else's tab next time.Unbelievable food and eclectic atmosphere! Can't wait to come back! We got 4 different entrees and they could not have been any better! Highly recommend this place!Here it is over 24 hours later and I'm still thinking about this place! You must go!I really enjoyed a solo dinner here during a recent business trip. The sofa and coffee table setting where I was seated was comfortable, but a bit awkward for dining. The food and service were both terrific and I am glad I chose this restaurant. It was a lovely evening - a good book, very good drinks and unusual and delicious food.Excellent Restaurant, Food was outrageously delicious. Hospitality was impeccable, Old NOLA Charm. Cannot wait to go back.We stayed at this hotel so this place ended up being our go to place once we finished roaming around town. Comfortable seating, drinks weren't bad at all. Some were better than others but I ended up finding a drink that I really enjoyed (a couple of nights, a little too much), Endless Summer. The people watching for us was GREAT. There's a painting of lil'wayne on the wall and we were amazed at how many people had to have their picture taken with it in the background. You would have thought this celebrity was actually in the room. Very funny to watch.Get the jack rose drink. Food is wonderful and atmosphere crazy trendy and fun. Def a young atmosphere. Only critique is that the wait can be a little long, even with reservation. But it's worth itIf I could give more than 5 Stars, I would! This past weekend we had a very large rehearsal dinner (60 people) and welcome reception party (about 150 people) following the dinner. And, this was the best food, service, New Orleans venue and accommodations ever. Right from the friendly and convenient valet, to the extraordinary service, to the amazing food, and coordinating all the logistics... I can say enough about how great our experience was at the Jack Rose. Even our guests staying at the hotel - enjoyed their entire experience! Laura, was wonderful in ensuring every detail was addressed, helped us pick the perfect menu, and ensured all our guests received the 5-Star experience we were hoping for. Also, I have never had such great food when being served for so many people - crab bisque soup ...awesome! and filets and shrimp were perfectly done and artistically presented! Far exceeded what I could have imagined!This is arguably the absolutely best brunch I've ever had in my life. From the ambience to the amazing dishes, I can't stop raving about how incredible this place is. The caesar salad is anything but standard with kale and cauliflower. It was delicious!! If you are ever in New Orleans, Jack Rose is a must. I will definitely be back again and again. Lastly, huge kudos to our server, Justin. He was very attentive and courteous and made the visit that much more enjoyable.I dined on Valentine's Day in this beautifully designed restaurant. I ordered the tempura romanesco & king trumpet mushrooms. I also had the champagne shot, which was pretty cool drinking it out a flute like glass that give a rush when taking it. The host found the perfect corner table & provided me with a few recommendations by request, being that I'm pescatarian. I absolutely loved the recommended appetizer. I wouldn't let them take it from the table until I ate every piece of romanesco which was my first time having. I also loved the texture of noodles in my main dish. I was too full for dessert but would love to return for the mile high Pie & coffee.I was lucky enough to stay at the Pontchartrain Hotel on a recent trip to New Orleans. I ate at Jack Rose and the food was absolutely delicious and I can't wait to come back. There is street and valet parking. When you enter the restaurant the ambiance is upbeat and eclectic. There were so many fun touches in the decor there was always somewhere to look. I made a reservation and was seated right away. The wait staff was friendly, professional and had great recommendations. There was a good cocktail menu as well as a decent beer and wine list. The food was so delicious! I had the black angus and gnocchi. They are known for their mile high pie but I opted for their flutter nutter sunday which I would highly recommend.I've only been for brunch but plan on going for dinner soon. Atmosphere was nice and the staff was very nice. I had to duck confit hash with eggs and fried oysters appetizer both were very. My friend had the crab omelette which was good as well.If I could give this 10/5 stars, I would. Atmosphere, service, food...phenomenal!! New Orleans has needed a place like this.I went here for thanksgiving dinner yesterday with my sister and all I can say is everything was incredible from the cocktails to the trumpet mushroom dish, our server was very knowledgeable forgot his name but he had a beard and was super great at his job. I will definitely be back here soon and would recommend to many peopleAmazing, delicious... Bailee our server was exceptional. We had the fritto misto appetizer, the duck andouille gumbo so flavorful, the angus daube (melt in your mouth good) and the rose buttercream cake perfection. The vibe is amazing as well. Geaux!Love the ambience of the restaurant. Service was really well. Portion size not so much. But I didn't expect it to be. However I did expect the food to be better then what it was. It wasn't bad. But definitely could've been better. Price wasn't so bad either.My goodness, I went there alone on Thanksgiving and had one of the best meals I've had in a long, long time. 
First, the restaurant is just beautifully decorated. There's a lot of neat artwork in the walls to look at. The lighting is perfect. Then you hear music softly playing in the background. Is that Little Richard I hear??? No, it can't be. Then, by the time you hear Fats Domino, you know you've come to the right place. It feels like home. 
Now, for the food. I started off with the oysters brochette. Tender, juicy oysters, lightly breaded and served on a bed of mascarpone. Just delicious! I followed that with a bowl of the duck gumbo. Just spicy enough to give it a little kick. A very rich, satisfying gumbo. 
My main course was the pompano en papillote. Seasoned with saffron and served with baby bok choy and sunchokes, this was one of the most delicious fish dishes I've ever had. The pompano was mild and sweet. It was cooked still firm yet it yielded to the slightest pressure of my fork. It was magnificent. 
For dessert I had the citrus tiramisu. Honestly, I could go the rest of my life without eating dessert ("just gimme some more o' that thar pompano") but this tiramisu was very nice. It got me thinking, though, that a banana tiramisu would be almost indistinguishable from a good ol' Southern banana pudding. I might try that at home sometime. 
Service was top-notch. My waiter John was very professional. He was knowledgeable and walked that fine line between being friendly and helpful without being too familiar. I highly recommended him.Could not have asked for a better experience. Food was delicious (Shrimp Muddy Waters was a 10/10)and hospitality was excellent. Brianna provided outstanding service, can't wait to go back!Just wow. This restaurant owns the wow factor! Atmosphere is perfection. Art work (everyone knows) is awesome. Great place for pictures. Second, the food is absolutely SPECTACULAR! Please see my attached photos because they're awesome as they look and taste. This restaurant also has great tasting drinks. Excellent overall menu. Will definitely be back (:Ambiance, ambiance, ambiance. This restaurant is simply beautiful. If you're anything like me, you love a great photo op. Each room in the restaurant has amazing art work and table settings. I love the fact that you can get dressed up or down and still feel great here. 
As far as my meal I decided to step out of my comfort and order the roasted duck. I wasn't happy with my decision, but I will say it was plated very nicely. The food had great flavor and paired well with the grits and greens, but I am just not a fan of duck. I am definitely inclined to returning though. I will say, the menu had other great options that I want to try.Absolutely incredible food 
The drinks were to die for 
The entrees were delicious 
And the dessert was even better 
The atmosphere and details to decorations was great 
It was a lil loud coming from the bar lobby next to the dining room but nothing terribleDisappointing experience. The food was good, but the service was really lacking throughout and was not of the caliber I would expect from a restaurant like this. First the pacing was off; for example, they didn't bring bread until we had already received our appetizers then brought out our main courses while we were still eating our appetizers. Then our server was essentially nowhere to be found once we ordered. He never came back to check on us at all, I had to flag him down to ask to order another drink, he did not drop a steak knife for the duck (which was good, but fairly tough) so I had to ask one of the food runners for one, and once we were finished eating we sat for about 15 minutes before he came over. And the fact that we were completely ignored was even more surprising given that throughout our meal there were 6 employees (3 at the host stand and 3 walking the floor who appeared to be managers) hanging around who were checking on other tables but never stopped by ours. The friendly and responsive food runners and bussers were the only redeeming part about the service. On our way out we asked to speak to the manager, who seemed really unconcerned about our disappointing experience. When I explained that I'm a local and was originally planning to bring my mother when she's in town next week, he simply said they would do better next time. I then stated we would be going elsewhere due to the fact that we were essentially ignored all night, and he said "oh ok." Clearly they don't need our business so we will not be returning. New Orleans certainly isn't lacking for restaurants that provide both great food and great service, and money is better spent at those that provide both.An amazing spot for brunch, on this visit.  The vibe of the place is so cool.  Service and food is outstanding.  
I recommend you try few things and share to eat the most out of the menu and for sure check out one of their cocktails as they are just amazing.
Enjoy!Truly excellent meal. My wife and I split the Caprese salad and crawfish bread (delicious!) appetizers. She had the Red Snapper which was a 10/10 delicious and a TON of food, and I had the King Trumpet Mushroom Pasta. Our waiter, MC, was super helpful and helped us navigate the menu. We will be back!After my third visit in one week...breathtaking. I'm pumped. The Caribbean Room peeps did a mass make-over and it was well worth their effort. Chef Brian Landry and krewe hit it out of the park. I don't even know where to start...but it will take me a while to fully express the fun and deliciousness of the experience at Jack Rose...
1. The SALADS! I'm a salad kinda girl and the table-side Caesar is my new fave. Kale. Croutons. Cauliflower. Heaven. Also, who knew anchovies (optional) could be so decadent. I also like the Italian salad and the green goddess.
2. The DESSERT! Their pastry chef deserves saint-hood here in our city because the FLUFFANUTTER sundae is literally nostalgia in your mouth. I adore the rose buttercream cake which is made with grapefruit (also my fave). Last night I tried the chocolate semi-freddo (sp?), and while I'm not a chocolate dessert person, this thing was epic. Just today I tried the Lemon Merengue (sp?) which was fresh, flavorful, and delicious. 
3. The Jack Rose signature cocktail...I have no words. Just go drink it.
4. Go. Get. The. Chicken. Parm.
5. The starters are crowd pleasers as well; I love the sweetbreads, the fried veggies (frito misto, I believe), and the House-made squid ink pasta with shrimp. Decadent. Also, the Brussel sprouts...you get some in the frito misto...but the full order is worth it if you're a veggie person. 
6. BRUNCH. I'm a breakfast/brunch lover and Jack Rose blew. My. Mind. Chambongs, bottomless Vieuve, and decadent mains were the icing on my Sunday Funday cake. Go with the steak or the duck for fool-proof perfection. 
7. LAST BUT NOT LEAST: the service. It's wonderful. The staff is welcoming, fun, and makes you feel like family. If you want the PROMISE of a good night, ask for Sara. She'll treat you like a king/queen, and make you the best damn Caesar salad you've ever had in your life (not to mention the entertaining anecdotes and perfect pulse reading of any dining circumstance). 
Whoever is responsible for this work of art is a baller in my book, and has really elevated the dining experience at the Pontchartrain...and throughout the city. SO FUN. Props on the Ashley Longshores featured throughout the dining room.The shrimp app was the best thing we had. The chambongs are super fun. The fish that comes in the bag was terribly overcooked and lacked flavor. The fried chicken parm was really good and perfectly crispy. The crawfish bread was good but not worth going back for. Overall, just ok. There are wayy better restaurants to spend your money on.we went here for my mom and dads 32nd wedding anniversary and EVERYTHING was fantastic literally from the appetizers to the entree's to the desserts! Thank you to Chef Dave, Mr. Tony Abadie and our wonderful server Lou and the rest of the staff!