Service: five stars
Food: two stars 
Ambiance: one star
First of all it was way too loud to enjoy anything. Advil should be served as the amuse bouche. It was just sound bouncing off walls. So loud. My ears are still ringing. 
The food was ok. Way too salty. I sent my shrimp étouffée back because it was inedible. The cheesecake with alligator or crocodile or whatever reptile they found in the swamp was simply divine. As was the fried green tomatoes. But the bouliabase my friend had was also salty and inedible. He managed to stomach it, whereas I would have sent it back. The red beans and rice side was great, as was the corn. 
I was told this was the 'go to' place in New Orleans. I was disappointed if this is the best this city has to offer for authentic Cajun cuisine. 
Pro-tip!..... If you're lucky, there is a server with the leggings of cartoon 'boom' and 'pow' all over them. I'm not an ass guy, but I think she just converted me.It's obvious everyone loves this place and what's not to love about reasonably priced, authentic and bomb-ass Southern food? This is by far my favorite place to take visitors. There's no denying that the 2-hour wait to be seated on any given night is a pain, but it's soooo worth it - why else would people stand around sipping watermelon mojitos? Come check it out and let the food speak for itself.An incredible and unique experience. The Stuffed Catfish was amazing, had a stuffing so unique that I could honestly tell you to take a trip to New Orleans specifically for that. However, they have awesome Fried Grits as well. The service is friendly, but it can get packed very quickly. Get your name on the list early if you're even thinking of going that night.One of my favorite places in NOLA!  This place used to be a hidden secret yet now the whole world knows about it.  Yet, once you eat there you will understand why.  Have to try the alligator cheesecake, godzilla and stuffed soft shell crab!  They will even give you the recipe for the alligator cheesecake and we have made it three times and it was just a good as theirs since we live 16 hours away now.  PS... If you get there early you don't have to wait as long.  Also if you tip good, they will give you free dessert!This place is great. It has everything New Orleans has to offer: great friendly service, a local NOLA character, a famous bar just down the street, fresh local ingredients.  What more could you ask for?
All of the menu items integrate local favorites, such as oyster, gator, redfish, you name it. The wait staff is amazing, they are super friendly, and may even give you some freebies if you're lucky. 
DONT COME HERE IF YOU ARE ON A DIET. this is not for 1000 calories a day people. This is rich, butter heavy, deliciously amazing food. I'm sure you could find something that is not so rich, but whats the point?In a city filled of outstanding restaurants, Jacques-Imo's is among the very best. A must-visit.New Orleans native here.  This used to be my favorite restaurant in New Orleans years ago. Not sure what happened.  I went with out of town guests.  The food was typical food that you could find at any dive bar. Nothing special. It was actually quite bland.   It should have tipped me off that the entire place was filled with tourists and not locals.  Thats the big red flag that a place is not good.If there was a way to give more then five stars, I would. This is one of the best meals I have ever had in my life. Cool place, great staff, great bartenders. We started with the alligator, sausage cheesecake which was one of the most delicious things ever. Wow wow wow. I had a killer steak, with blue cheese, oysters and onions on it...mmmm. Great desserts as well. Get there early, wait on the line, whatever it takes. Awesome place. Cant wait to go back.I would've given this place 5+ stars years ago. Something's change since then. I'm no longer wowed. I guess they know they no longer have to put out the same high quality; people will still come. The atmosphere also seems a lot more tame in recent years. I loved the crazy circus! & I'm craving that cornbread this very second.Absolutely awesome. First time visiting NOLA and this was definitely a highlight of the trip. From the fried green tomatoes to the Crawfish Etoufee there is nothing that is isn't awesome.The food and Waitstaff here are top notch, all the hype is deserved, but always tend to forgo the huge wait.  It's not impressive enough to wait for an hour or more to get slightly better versions of food you can get at Dunbar's or most corner delis.I came celebrate my birthday here.  We did call ahead of time to make reservations for our party which was quick and with a pleasant person. The watermelon mojitos were so refreshing.  Being almost 80 degrees in December, it is a nice to have a taste of summer.  As everyone recommended, we did order the alligator cheesecake.  It was good but not to die for.  Having a party of 8, we were able to taste a good portion of the menu.  I had the steak which was cooked to my liking.  I thought there was going to be chunks of bleu cheese on top the steak, but the cheese was melted and the steak looked as though it was swimming in a pile of white and orange sauce. A bit to watery and not a very pretty sight.  The lamb and the pork chop dish was very good. The salmon/mushroom dish was cooked very well.  The best part is probably the cornbread/muffins.  Those were amazing. The service was great.  They sang happy birthday and gave me a slice of bread pudding to top of my birthday celebration.  The creme burlee was decent.Well..my first trip to New Orleans at 44 years old. Restaurant was snug but it added to the ambiance. Had the stuffed shrimp as an appetizer and it was okay at best. More like a butterflied fried shrimp sitting on a dalop of some odd concoction. The sauce served with the shrimp was excellent though:) also had a slice of the andouille sausage and shrimp cheesecake. It fell apart easily and the flavors didn't coordinate well. Sausage was aplenty two small shrimp in the slice.
For dinner my high school age daughter had a the soft shell crab special. Giant soft shell crab skewered sitting on top of crab mixture with stuffing mix and fried green tomatoes. Little pricey for the portion 1x$28.95. I chose the carpet bagger special at $33.95. Small 6-7 oz filet stuffed with two small poached oysters topped with(suppose to be cartelized onions, not even close to carmelized) onion and bleu cheese. Most expensive item on the menu and least favorite of all the items. Avoid this item. Heard the same comments from another table as well. Glad we agreed, wasn't just me tonight. Way salty and the bleu cheese way overpowering. Onions really lost it for me. Good carmelized onions would have been great!
Finally, I almost forgot the cornbread topped with garlic butter at the beginning of the meal. Heck, skip the rest of the food. The cornbread was the hero of the evening!This place a bit out of the way but a fun trolley ride and walk. Crowded like crazy and kind of small and therefore a bit loud. The food is very good and I think worth the wait.I've only been once and was disappointed.  I ordered the Blackened Red Fish which comes with two sides (I chose Smothered Cabbage and Corn Macque Chow).  At $27.95 I expected something special... I was wrong.  The food was uninspiring and lacked personality.  The "blackened" red fish wasn't spicy or flavorful.  The cabbage and corn were served together on a small platter and the corn was watery. The cabbage was fairly solid but I'm pretty sure it wasn't supposed to be the star of the entree and certainly was not worth $27.95. I would be surprised if someone told me the cutlery was not from The Dollar Store It looked and felt cheap and was slightly better than eating with carved wood. Skip this place, much better dining in NOLA.By far one of the best meals I had while in New Orleans. 
I have heard about this place from several friends, and they were not wrong. There was a wait that we endured, and no wait is too long to take in this food. It's. So. GOOD!!!
We started with the famous alligator cheesecake as an appetizer. Dear lord, get it. It's a weird sounding dish on the menu, but it is so full of flavor. My friends got their own dishes, but I had to have the rabbit dish. It was more than I could eat, but it was amazing. I got it as my first meal in the city on this trip, and it started my trip off just right. Our server was fun, and made the experience so much better.
You have to eat here while you are in town. Whether for a day, a year, or moving to NOLA. You can't let this place pass you by.I want to say this restaurant is one of the best in New Orleans. All of their entrees are top notch, and they give u two sides with your entree. So if you are not really prepared to eat your face out....this place is not for you. Had the crawfish etouffee and rabbit. Unfortunately had no room left in my belly to try the cheesecake. This restaurant really has a good vibe. You feel the Southern hospitality, and the waiters seem laid-back. Please be patient with the long lines. It is really worth it!This place is great. It has so much charm of its own and the staff is amazing. We got there around 5:30pm and got a table right away. When they seat you they actually walk you through the lox then which was cool. Our waitress (I can remember her name) was amazing. She gave us the run down on all the specials and drinks. We both chose what they had on special with was a blackened red snapper and soft shell crab. Both were so so amazing. The service was amazing!! We never went without water or anything. The dinning area is a little cramped so if you're not prepared to rub elbows maybe this isn't the place for you but honestly it was so good it worth it.I'm going to give them a 5 star.  Could be a 4 or 4.5 but they get the 5 because they try hard to please you and have great food.  4.5 because they were closed Monday or Sunday.  They bring you hot food which is rare these days in a restaurant and they bring it in a timely manner.  Pretty good atmosphere.  Not over expensive, but like I say, they work for it.  I had more than one waiter and waitress making sure I had a good experience.  Good job.  And I don't know them.  I live in CA, but this will be on my list if I go back to NO.The two of us went here for dinner and this place caters to larger parties and seats small parties like two as they come. We were seated in the back up against the upper level so when people walked by their feet were about level with your plate and when they sat down their ass was in your face.  Great logistics huh. LoL. The food was actually pretty good and the service was attentive for as busy as they were on a Thursday night. So, if you don't mind screaming at each other over dinner and having someone walk by your food and their ass in your face go here. Just avoid the table for two next to the upper level.I was in the New Orleans area on business, and my wife, who is a serious foodie, had scoped out the places to try.  She recommended Jacques-Imo's Cafe, so I went there tonight.
The wait for a table was over an hour, so I sat at the bar.   I had a couple of Abita Ambers and made a meal from their appetizers of fried grits and smoked boudin.  Excellent - especially the boudin. 
Sitting at the end of the bar put me in the middle of the action, meeting people getting drinks at the bar, waiting for their tables, the restroom, or whatever.  I met some folks from Kalamazoo, Michigan, and when I mentioned that I was from Colorado, the couple next to me said that they were also from the Denver area.  So maybe it  is not a place where the locals hang out.  
Anyway, I had a great time.  Oh, and there was the woman who asked if I wanted to get married, but I think she might have been kidding...My third and last experience here ends this Year. The first was great - I had the veal and absolutely loved it. Although the free salad and the side of rice and beans lack on flavor, I still loved my meal. The second time I had the same thing but it just didn't taste as great. Finally, the third (and last) time I ate here, I waited almost 3 hours for a table. When we finally sat down, we were served stale corn bread. I decided to venture out to the fried chicken but it was the flour wasn't seasoned well (or at all?). My two guests did not enjoy their meals. I give this place a two because of the decor and atmosphere but they really need to figure out the wait situation.The best cornbread ever! This place is small, long wait, and loud. Just what I wanted in New Orleans! It has generous servings and tasty food. Should be added to toursits and locals list alikeBest service in NOLA, delicious food and great value. The cornbread biscuits they give you in the beginning are divine. Entrees are huge and can be shared. Excellent service. We arrived early and our large group of 7 didn't have to wait. Try that alligator cheesecake. It's like a quiche.AMAZING Alligator Cheese Cake!
Alligator Cheese Cake! This is a "once-in-a-life-time" dish. Amazing! Savory  cheesecake like no other I have ever tasted. It bewilders me how there are so many "Louisiana Style" restaurants in Los Angeles, but that none even come close to food like this!
If you are visiting New Orleans..YOU MUST EAT HERE! If you live in New Orleans, You are soooooo Lucky!The service was excellent and we were a big group and there was another big group next to us. All of the apps were great. Try the alligator cheesecake, fried grits and Shrimp app - they are worth the trip. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly and the sauce and great addition. The smothered chicken was wonderful as was the étouffée. The only bad dish was the quail as one half was raw. Not pink but raw. The cooked one had a good flavor and was well done. Probably just an abnormality due to he size of the groups ordering at the same time. The coconut bread pudding was the best bread pudding of our trip - just having that made the trip worthwhile.Food ...Plate...Table...Repeat
Dinner at Jacques-Imo's is a trip.  The street in front of the restaurant is bustling with people coming, waiting, and going.  There's even a  table for two out front sitting on the bed of an old pick up truck!  On a warm day this is a great place to eat and people watch.  Without a reservation be prepared for a wait.  Order a drink at the bar or pop over to the bar next door for a brew or two or three while you wait for your name to be called.  It's a little like waiting for your Lotto number to come up.  Every so often you'll hear the hostess make her rounds up and down the street, and even into the bar next door summoning the next set of dining contestants.
"COME ON DOWN!"
I ordered the stuffed pork chop.  It's a baby football sized piece of meat filled with more meat. .  People walking by (we were seated outside) saw my plate, gasped, stopped, stared and asked what it was.  The pork chop was stuffed with a mixture of seasoned ground beef and shrimp.  I hacked away at it but it never seemed to get any smaller.  It was good but definitely meant to be shared.  I was only one of two beef/pork eaters at the table so I was on my own for most of it.
We decided to share a slice of the famous alligator cheesecake.  It was creamy, and savory.  The flavor was definitely memorable.  I recommend trying it at least once.  I wonder if they serve it at the bar?  I wouldn't mind popping in for a slice and a drink.  The slice wasn't too big.   A snack with the perfect mix of NOLA flair from top to bottom.
The food stands alone.  No drizzles, reductions, or sprinkles.  Everything I tasted was solid.  We did burn a lot of our Saturday night drinking time waiting for a table (over two hours).  The food doesn't come out super fast and people tend to take their time eating.  We left full and struggling with massive food coma.  This place is definitely worth it if you have time to sit, eat and digest.  Red Bull anyone?Your classic Cajun/creole restaurant that is popular with both tourist and locals alike. Let's start with the staff, the wonderful staff! So attentive and personable, they're just great all around. It gets quite busy but the wait isn't terrible. 
Grab the alligator cheesecake for an appetizer and treat yourself to some of Lousiana's classics. Be prepared to be full and happy. The portions are quite large so sharing is a must. I had the seafood entree with perch and shrimp that was good. A very causal restaurant with great food and great people all around.Wasn't in love with the place... so I didn't feel I could really give it anymore than 3 stars... 
- No wait b/c we got there right when they opened up for dinner
- Service was great - our server was super duper helpful and pointed out several "must try" meals since it was our first visit... our water glass never went empty and we were checked on often
- The bathroom is tiny and awkwardly placed
Now... onto the food... the bf and I ordered:
- Alligator cheesecake - interesting... not a fan though
- Fried green tomatoes - those were on the better side.. maybe my favorite thing for the entire meal
- Stuffed catfish - hmmm. I want to love you, but you were just alright
- Blackened redfish - again, just alright
Now for the sides.... the bf and I ordered different things so that we could sample it all:
- Butter beans and rice VERSUS red beans and rice: go for the red beans
- Country greens VERSUS some cabbage thing: go for the country greens
Again.. just a-okay.. I saw the line outside and thought, "I wouldn't wait for this place..." Someone said he waited about 1.5 hours. If you wanna try it out - come when it opens... we arrived at 530 and got seated immediately.This place is amazing!  We stopped for lunch in the French Quarter and our server highly recommended it, so we made it happen that same night.  Before you go, know that the wait will be long, so be prepared.  You can grab drinks from the Maple Leaf bar next door while you wait.  
Since we were a big group ordered a combination of appetizers and entrees so we could try a little bit of everything.  You have to try the alligator cheesecake.  It's more like a quiche and it's ridiculous.  There was nothing left on our plates after dinner.
The only drawback - and this is more our fault - is that they had run out of a few things we wanted to try including dessert, but that'll learn us for arriving so late.
I know there are many amazing restaurants in New Orleans, but if you are there for a visit, make sure you put this at the top of your list.This was our favorite restaurant while we were in NOLA. Very casual and they serve quality food. Best étouffée we had while visiting. We would definitely return. The servers were very attentive and gave us great recommendations.Jaques-Imo's was a highlight of NOLA.
I would imagine many visitors like myself dont get outside the quarter. After looking this up and taking the St Charles streetcar to Oak Street (a great ride), we didnt know what to expect. 
Took 2 seats at the bar and are glad we did. I would recommend bar seats to visitors that want to engage with the friendly southerners around them. We were brought out a Shrimp and Alligator Cheesecake on the house, which is a must have, it was very tasty.
I ordered the blackened redfish and beans and greens for my sides. Everything was perfect and I would highly recommend anyone to come here.I went by myself during a work trip! The food tasted AMAZING and the atmosphere was really cool! The only reason that I didn't give this 5 stars was because the serving sizes were pretty small considering the prices! Would go back though!Gourmet food in a casual atmosphere. Hands down the best meal we had in New Orleans.This place has a classic eclectic NO Look and is pretty casual. The best thing here are their cocktails. Do yourself a favor and get whatever special they have going for their cocktails. My friend got the Watermelon Mojito and it had chunks of watermelon in it, it was flavored with the juice of the watermelon! No artificial syrup flavors. It was amazingly refreshing! Now the food, for starters they give you 2 prices of this amazing Garlic Cornbread. I think that was my favorite thing here, the raw garlic they use is everything, it balances the sweet cornbread taste. My friend got the smothered chicken and I got the fried chicken. Both were humungous portions (share, you won't regret it if you have a smaller appetite). Her dish had a classic Cajun sauce and was pretty good. My chicken itself was cooked to perfection, buuuuut everything was incredibly salty, especially the fried chicken. Which is too bad since otherwise this could have been an amazing meal. I was immediately bloated and could feel my ankles swell (I don't react well to too much salt). Also the service was very slow and weird, our server was a cool guy and nice, but he's just one of those people that start conversations mid sentence and you don't even know he's your server until the awkward silence. In my opinion, this place is cute but pretty average.What a treat.  This is N'awlins at it's best.  Great service.  Great Food.  Fun Atmosphere.  Simply fantastic.  If they have the soft shell crab over fried green tomatoes special do not hesitate,   Just order and eat.  Wow.I think my favorite restaurant in New Orleans is Jacque-Imo's. Located in the Carrollton District, north west of the Garden District, this casual joint is just damn good N'Awlins eatin' and an absolute must visit if you've never been here. 
Be sure to get reservations, otherwise you could be waiting nearly two hours. You can't order wrong here, you just can't. But you absolutely must partake in the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake. This savory appetizer is so good, the first bite I ever had made time slow down to a crawl. It's seriously one of the best things I ever ate. 
How do you make a roast beef po'boy even better? You fry it, and that is my second favorite app on the menu.
For the full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/Went to Jacques-Imos yesterday for dinner and we ordered the blackened redfish and the mahi mahi. I was a little disappointed in the blackened redfish because I was expecting the fish to be pan blackened and have a little bit more spice to it. The spinach salad with a fried oyster was good and we both liked the dressing. Ordered the mashed potatoes and corn for the two sides that come with the meal. The sides did not impress me and they come together on a separate small plate. They need to work on the presentation of the sides. 
The mahi mahi was good and flavorful. It has more of a "fiishy" taste to it than redfish. With each entree you get a spinach salad and two sides so that helps raise the value level for the $27 price tag for the entree.
The service was great and we took advantage of the table ready text message. The place is crazy crowded and compacted. We arrived at about 7:30, put our name on the list and went for a drink down the street. The restaurants and bars on Oak Street are a must see for anyone new to Nola. We received the text and walked right in to our table.
Do not come here expecting a romantic quiet dinner. The place can be very loud which makes it difficult to hear and the tables are pretty close to each other so I often heard the conversations behind me better than I did my daughter's sweet voice. They play music in the background which you can not really hear or appreciate when it's crowded so I would suggest just turning it off.  
Overall, the service and location are great. Probably won't go back until I have tried a few other places first.First off have to say the service in the bar area was top notch. My bartender took care of me she was right there all the time with water or another drink or new fork. But the food was just ok to me I liked it but it was not amazing like so many others have said about Jacques-Imo's. The ambiance of the resturant is worth going to it and the service but food was not that memorable I had the alligator cheese cake app which to me was more like quiche it was not at all creamy like a cheese cake and flavor wise did not taste really unique it was just ehh. The blackened fish was good but not really that good. Over all I was bummed. Maybe it was all the hype of the alligator cheesecake. Great place to good for a drink or app but would not go back for a full dinner.Blackened redfish mightve been the best thing I've ever eaten. Waited 90 minutes on a Thursday night and I still give it 5 stars.Was told by a trusted friend this is a great place to dine, and although the food wasn't "bad" it was incredibly expensive for what you got. If you need a snack before you dance at the Maple Leaf, maybe grab a couple of appetizers (the shrimp and alligator cheesecake was wicked good) but avoid the actual dinners. The "recommended" redfish was just a sad piece of fish on a plate with another plate with sad redbeans and rice next to sad country greens. For $27. 
For $27 you can get a meal at Commander's Palace. 
The service was nice but way too busy, the ambiance was loud, and the food was "meh" - why would you eat "meh" in NOLA?Came here for dinner with friends before a show at the neighboring Maple Leaf bar. Food was amazing. I had the venison with mushroom gravy. Can't say enough about the great food and service!Are you going to eat your corn bread. Sooooo yummy!! You need to eat here fo sho!! Eat sleep eat again why not!Wow... I have lived in New Orleans my entire life and have never made it here. Such a shame it took coming back on a visit to finally gain the experience of going. But I made it! And, here's what I thought.
The wait was a little insane, but my friend lived right next door (literally), so we chilled by her house the hour and a half it took for them to call us and let us know it was our time to dine. 
We started with the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake and the fried calamari with spicy brown garlic sauce. My hopes were a little too high for the cheesecake but the calamari was to die for! Cooked perfectly and complimented well by a great sauce. The sauce was the best part actually! We wouldn't give up the plate until we scraped and sopped it all up!
For my entree, I had the Blackened Redfish with the crab-chili hollandaise. All I can say is WOW! The redfish was cooked to perfection! So light and flaky, just as redfish should be. It was blackened just right and the sauce simply set it off!! I had cabbage and red beans and rice as my two sides. It was real cabbage, too, which I loved. (Real cabbage has meat!) Not to spicy but rather excellently spiced.
And, for dessert, we had to end a great meal with a this local's fav- creme brulee. Caramelized to perfection. It came with four little chocolate squares with whipped creme and strawberry topping. Four little sweet yummy surprises.
The atmosphere was so casual. I loved that the waitstaff had on Saints gear! When you walk in you can see the chefs and the entire kitchen in action. I like the fact that I could walk up at any time and check out the cooking process.
If you're a local and haven't been here, you're doing yourself wrong. If you're visiting and want food like us locals grew up on, you must go, and make it a point to skip over to the Maple Leaf when you're done for a drink. A real New Orleans experience done right!I was taken here by a local, and it did not disappoint. My biggest regret is not ordering the Godzilla, a gigantic fried crab on top of a fried green tomato on top of an eggplant. I had the redfish, which was good, but I snuck some bites of the Godzilla and that was amazing. The sides were just average. The butter beans were fine, but nothing special.
Overall, Jacques-Imo's was probably one of the most memorable meals I had in New Orleans. The alligator cheesecake and cornbread were out of this world. It was pricey, but worth it! The atmosphere is also really casual and group-friendly.I've visited Jacques-Imo's once a few years back. The food was pretty good but it took forever to get to us. Not a hanging offense, but inconvenient nonetheless. I really don't remember much about what kind of service we received. I'm guessing it must have been okay, since it doesn't really stick out. Overall I'd say it was all right.Ate there 2 weeks ago only 2nd time had a blast best food ever as long your in the main dining room. The other building not as fun. Great staff n food!We went there based on recommendations from many friends, and it still ended up being better than expected! It was a great experience from start to finish. The place was busy, even on a Monday night. We were told it would be a 45-minute wait, and we were okay with that because we were going to have a drink next door at the Maple Leaf. However, two of the bar seats freed up at that moment, and I reluctantly sat down for dinner (I usually don't like to eat at the bar). The bartender was very friendly and attentive. He was very knowledgable about the food and gave us his honest opinion when we asked him questions about the menu. We decided to start with the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake and fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp remoulade. I'm not sure what exactly was in that crustacean-reptile dessert goodness, but it melted in our mouths. Yum. And the other app was very tasty, not to mention both were great portion sizes. They also give you cornbread muffins that are phenomenal. We knew at this point we didn't need two entrees, so instead we decided to go with one more starter and share one more entree. Enter: the deep-fried roast beef po-boy. We thought since it was on the "appetizer" menu that it would be half the normal size, but this thing was a monster, and we've never had another po'boy like it. The bread is battered, which amounts to golden goodness. We could only have a couple bites before we had to put it down to make sure there was still room for the big dish. Here comes the crab-stuffed fish and two sides. The mashed sweet potatoes and the mashed garlic potatoes were delicious, and the entree was very tasty. The food is priced well and it's prepared to please. It was a great atmosphere and we felt were made to feel at home the entire time. We went home with leftovers and full bellies  and a plan to return, and soon.Outstanding food, friendly service and the assurance that the kitchen is clean, because you have to walk through the kitchen to reach the ding area. Blackened redfish is excellent.Came for the Godzilla soft shell crab which was out of season dang it!   Complimentary cornbread muffins were so tasty!  Had some gumbo, and mussels the mussels were on top of mashed potatoes and boy it was good!   Had some garlic snails that were soft, delicate and very good.  We had a great time here.This is a must go place when in New Orleans.  The cornbread is absolutely amazing.  Garlicky and sweet and buttery.  Delicious.  BBQ shrimp is good.  Make sure to order the Alligator Cheesecake.  Great vibe, great service, great food!We came here for dinner last night and it was absolutely AMAZEBALLS!  We ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes and Alligator cheesecake to start.  Both must orders!  For entrées we ordered Fried chicken and crawfish etouffeé, both off the charts!  Great food, service and ambiance.  Perfect place for anyone that wants a true taste of NOLA cuisine.  We'll be back sooner than laterWe had the worst service of our life there, our waiter was wasted.  It took forever to get our drinks, our food, etc.  It was insanity.
So why does it get five stars?  Once we managed to flag down another waiter, the entire staff pulled together to give us the best night ever and to make up for the hellishly long wait and misplaced orders.  Two thumbs up for that!!  
The food was also pretty darn good and it was my first time trying alligator!  Yum!The bartender, Kiss, makes an excellent watermelon mojito!  The service was prompt and friendly, the employees worked together to take excellent care of all of the guests.  We started out with the alligator cheesecake; it was amazing!  Just try it, you won't be disappointed.  Everything was delicious, especially the pecan crusted drum.  It was so flavorful and cooked to perfection! The owner made us feel welcome and as though we were part of their family.  Our experience was unique and will be one of the best memories from our vacation! Jacques Imo's is a must on a visit to New Orleans!all the food here is extra salty.  i tried the alligator cheesecake and the panned rabbit.  to be honest, it makes no difference what you order because it'll all taste like salt.Good lord, I will never look at cornbread in the same way. Go here, indulge, and savor every bite. This is a true taste of New Orleans.This place is much larger than it looks from the outside. You need to walk through the small opening bar area and you open up to a much larger dining area...as in like, probably seats a hundred (from my hazy memory).  Despite being so large, it still was a bit cramped, but I didn't mind as it fit with the atmosphere of the place.  The drinks were great, servers were okay, and the food was delicious if not a bit overpriced. 
Caution to people with SHELLFISH ALLERGIES like myself, just about everything comes with some form of shellfish.  My options were quite limited. Make sure that everyone in your party can eat shellfish before asking them to come along--that could be an embarrassing first date.
That being said, GO!  Eat! Tip well!This has got to be one of the most successful spots in the history of restaurants because it is always packed. It has a charming bar as you walk in with a few seats then you walk past an open and cramped kitchen where all the magic is happening to the main dining area. Often Jacques himself is upfront around the bar to greet you and maybe buy you a shot if you seem interesting. This place opened in 1996 and has been a hit for locals and tourists ever since. It's often tough to get in although they do take some reservations. It has an eclectic menu of New Orleans, creole and french food that any foodie would enjoy. It's also located way uptown in the Carrollton area near the river bend by Tulane University on Oak Street. After dinner maybe go see some music at the Maple Leaf!Make sure you carve out most of the night for this place. definitely a fun time with great food, and they make you wait for it. Reservations I think are only allowed for parties of 6+.
The alligator cheesecake i'd heard so much about lived up to its billing, which is saying something since it came at the end of a 90 min wait (45 min to get in, 45 more for the food, actually a pretty short wait compared to the dude I talked with while waiting for the bathroom). Still though, good food, friendly service, definitely heading back at some point!Everything you want from a dining experience in NOLA. Staff was very friendly. We met bartender, Chris on a flight, gave us the rec. Thank god, the food on the rest of the trip was brown jelly curd, called etouffe. We loved this place- you will wait but it's so worth it. We had Shrimp remoulade over fried green tomatoes, small salad garnish had potato chips on it= genius. I had redfish, he had mahi-mahi. Garlic butter corn bread. You see everything going on in the kitchen, they take you through on the way to the table. great bar. Saw a bunch of alligator cheese cake being served. I wish we could have eaten 90% of our meals here during the trip. Nothing compares. Thanks again Chris.I try to stop here whenever I come home to visit. I love the Shrimp and Alligator cheesecake appetizer. The Eggplant Pirogue is great, the duck was amazing, and they give you a spinach salad with a fried oyster whenever you order an entree. A bit pricey, but I always have leftovers and am totally satisfied. Don't even try to get there late, you will wait a while, but you can always have a drink at the bar or next door at the Maple Leaf.This review is for the Duck Po Boy served at FQF. It was very good, but small and pricey. Will have to go to the restaurant sometimeGet there ready to wait at least 45 minutes to be seated, but let me tell you this, it's worth every minute. Have their Watermelon Mojito while you wait. All I can say about the food is...
Memorable, Yummy and MOYUMMY!Jacque-Imo's is definitely a good time! Although my service was not that wonderful, the food made up for that.
We started off with watermelon mojito's, which were so refreshing. It was like a splash of heaven. 
Alligator cheesecake? Eh, not my cup of tea. It was good, but I'm not sure I'd get it again.
Looking at the menu, I really just wanted to get a little bit of everything! But I ended up choosing the quail. It comes with 2 quail wrapped in bacon and stuffed. It was really good, but I could only finish one.
Oh, how could I forget about their cornbread? I could probably eat it all day!
I am definitely coming back to try their other dishes!Alligator cheesecake so good we're salivating over it 2 yrs later!  Was in New Orleans for a conference and was dragged here by a local. Dinner was excellent, without a doubt, but it's the alligator cheesecake we still talk about any time a trip to NOLA comes up. Soooo bummed the last time I was there Sunday night was my only free evening & Jacques-Imo's was closed.Wonderful staff! Food was awesome! Nothing for kids tho if you have a picky eater..mine would only eat the cornbread, which comes first and is delicious! We had dried green tomatoes, soft shell crab, shrimp étouffée and all of it was delicious! The bar area was hoppin!Now if you are looking for some authentic food in NOLA, please go here.  What an experience.  This is a small restaurant but all of the decorations tell some type of story.  Every room you walk in is different.  What is funny is that you walk right through the kitchen to get to the back of the restaurant, which I liked because they aren't afraid to let people see how it is all done.
We got there right when it opened, and they took us right in.  Because it wasn't crowded we were able to talk to alot of the staff.  We explained that we were from out of town and have never been here before.  Just because of that, they gave us a alligator and shrimp sausage cheese cake on the house.  That was my first time ever having alligator, which is funny because I was holding a live one in my hands earlier that day.  
For dinner, I bought the stuffed quail.  Normally I don't go out of my comfort zone but I felt comfortable in this environment.  The presentation was nice, and there was bacon and mushrooms all over it too.  Totally amazing for my first time eating quail.
This location is about 20 minutes outside of the main part of NOLA, but it's worth the distance.  The atmosphere and the food.Here's the difference:  My husband loved it, and I did not like it at all.  I have not eaten much seafood in my lifetime, and never ate any growing up.  Everyone's taste's are different, so I have to say that even though I like Jambalaya, I did not like it here.  The Alligator Cheesecake, which is famous here, was gross to me.  Again, my husband loved it.  Its not a dessert, but more of a quiche.  And typically i love quiche, and he hates it.  I tolerated the fried green tomatoes.  The one thing I did love was the cornbread.  Amazing.  
We were also seated next to 3 very obnoxious people.  I understand why people love this place, atmosphere-wise...except when you're seated in such close proximity as we were.  Lets just say their beer was on our close by the time our entree's were served.Best meal I had in New Orleans. The two hour wait was completely worth it and then some. Plus, it gave me time to check out the neighborhood. Its seemingly off the beaten path but that just makes it even more worth while.  This place is totally worth the trip. The alligator cheesecake, quite exotic for me, is excellent. Personally I would come back here just for their crawfish étouffée.  Hands down the best  I have ever had. Jacques-imo is  worth the extra effort if your looking for authentic delicious cajun food.Love this place. A little crowded but well worth it! Been here a couple of times and always enjoy the food. We did have a reservation so we got right in but the alligator cheese cake wasn't available anymore because the station was already shut down by the time we got to dessert but we still all shared some other desserts and enjoyed both options. If I had it to do over I would have tried to get our reservation a little earlier.This is one of my favorites in NOLA. Not only is the food great, but it has a distinctively New Orleans atmosphere while at the same time being totally unique. I suppose you could say the same about the food -- distinctively New Orleans, but also something you would only find here. Really awesome.  I like to take out-of-town visitors who might be familiar with French Quarter eats here to give them a taste of something fabulous that they won't find anywhere else. 
Other nice things about it:
- Prices are pretty reasonably for the quality (some entrees are under $20, though not many)
- Along the same lines, entrees include two sides from a great selection. These are excellent. (Corn macquechoax (sp?) is one of my favorites). So you're getting a lot of food for your entree price
- Appetizers are great, especially the alligator cheesecake
If you don't want to wait, arrive early. There is a big wait most nights unless you'er there before, say, 6:30, though obviously the timing and amount of wait depends on what night it is.My best friend highly recommended that we try this restaurant because he said it was the highlight of his eating experience in N.O.  With all the high reviews, it seemed like it was a "can't miss" restaurant.  Somehow, the arrow flew pass the target.
There are so many reasons to like this place, the eclectic and artsy decor, the divey atmosphere and the attentive staff.  However, it's always about the food and the food disappointed.  
For starters, the very popular alligator cheese cake was shockingly underwhelming because it was dry and impossible to taste anything but the fillers.  I could hardly tell there was supposed to be alligator or shrimp in the cheesecake.  I dunno. Maybe the tourists want to tell their friends they ate alligator without having to taste the alligator.  I am at a lost as to why this dish is famous.  
The duck and sausage gumbo was good but did not stand out as a great dish. I could think of several Houston restaurants that serves better gumbo, like Reef's, Goode Company Seafood and many others.  That's the problem with this restaurant. Almost all the dishes I ate reminded me of a place where I had it better.  My wife ordered the foie gras stuffed quail.  The quail were big and plump but you could tell it was recently frozen and was too watery.  The quail needed to be cooked longer, maybe on the grill, to add more smokiness and to cook out all the excess water.  Alternatively, let is thaw it more before it gets cooked.  Furthermore, the water made the foie gras a big disgusting mess.
I ordered their signature dish, the blackened redfish.  Again, it was good but it was served lukewarm and it was obvious it had been sitting on the kitchen counter before it made it to me.
I saw several diners order the friend chicken. We order the chicken fingers for our kids.  Again, the fried chicken was no better than eating at one of many chain restaurants.
The best thing we ate was the free cornbread.  I guess that's what I'll take away from this dining experience.Simply the best food in New Orleans. We made reservations days in advance and thank god we did cause when we got there the line was around the block. 
The phenomenal. We started off with the shrimp and alligator cheesecake as an appetizer. It doesn't sound as appeasing as it really is but it's quite tasty. It was gone within 2 minutes. For dinner, I ordered the grilled Mahi-Mahi which came on a bed of spicy green tomatoes and fries. It was out of this world! 
Everyone else in my table had plates that ranged from steak, seafood and quail and everyone left this place deliciously satisfied. Definitely check this place out the next time you are in the garden district.This is one of my favorite places! The wait usually takes a while but it's worth it! While you're waiting there are bars and other shops around for you to entertain yourself with. When you're walking to the back to go sit, you pass by the kitchen which hits you RIGHT in the face with the most amazing aromas! 
As soon as you sit down they tell you their fresh made drink specials and bring you the best cornbread cakes to snack on while you decide on which mouthwatering dish you want to order. (You're going to want everything so it could be a while) 
I started out by ordering what I normal start with, the alligator cheese cake. IT IS AMAZING. Get it. You won't be disappointed. By this point you may be getting full but you can't stop there cause the entrees are wonderful as well! This time I got the grilled duck breast which was cooked perfectly and SO yummy! 
All in all this is a popular local place which I would recommend to anyone! Go the first chance you get!!Food was exceptionl. Try the boullabase was truly amazing, cornbread delicious.Fried green tomatoes with shrimp, oye..  Really really great food. Very busy. Attentive friendly staff. Would truly return when I'm in New Orleans. Check it out you won't be sorry..Mahalo for a great dinner evening.Haven't even received my main course and giving it 5 stars! Amazing environment, the shrimp and alligator cheesecake is an orgasm on a plate, drinks are amazing, cornbread is the best I ever had. Can't wait for my steak! This is a place that makes you feel like you are Bill Gates and our meal will run $125 with multiple adult beveragesWhat they said! Alligator cheesecake, boudin balls, the Godzilla, crawfish étouffée and veggies. Simply awesome!It's a pretty lengthy wait, but the food is delicious, which makes it totally worth it!Great Food! Lots of fun options along with some more traditional plates.
Amazing service (Kiss is the best bartender in the world)
There's no way I won't come back to this place before I die.
Also, it's close enough to Jake and Snake's for some awesome dive bar action.Holy sheeet.
Wow, came here bc my food idol, Mr. Bourdain, came here. 
Corn bread awesome. Garlic bits so tasty.
Had rabbit, alligator sausage cheesecake and crab stuffed shrimp.
Every single calorie eaten was worth it! Def go. Amazing spot for cajun/creole food.