Yessss! When looking for fab food in a new city this is the place I can only hope to find! We had waffles,  vanilla french toast, crepes and spaetzle. It is all incredible! We all ended up passing our plates as the food is sooo good! Service is more laid back and slow but friendly and the chef is wonderful.Yum. Cold cherry soup. Fresh salad. Chicken. Yum yum yum.I was so surprised to find a German restaurant in the French Quarter (thank you Yelp)! What's even better is that it was a GOOD German restaurant!
After walking about all day in the heat and humidity of day 2 of my mini vacation, stepping in this cozy restaurant was wonderful! The air was nice and cool, the staff was friendly. Amazingly enough my boyfriend and I weren't all that hungry so we decided to have a couple of drinks and split an entree. 
We had bratwurst and knackwurst with red cabbage, kraut, and spaetzel which was more than enough to share! The sausages were great but the sides really stole the show! Not being a fan of cabbage I was very impressed with the red cabbage. Both the kraut and cabbage were both sweet and tart at the same time though they each had a flavor all their own. We was most impressed with the spaetzel! I have had spaetzel in a "true little German restaurant located in a true little German town" in Texas but it didn't compare to this spaetzel! It was moist and flavorful!
I was really looking forward to trying the dessert, but by the end of the meal I just didn't have the room! I did spy that they offered Viennese coffee which I was very interested in trying!
The next morning my boyfriend was kind enough to walk back to the restaurant to pick up a Viennese coffee to go. The coffee was wonderful (enough so that I had one every morning for the rest of my trip) but I was told the to go service wasn't as great. My boyfriend said the guy making the coffee and taking to go orders was a little rude especially since my boyfriend couldn't properly pronounce "viennese" with his spanish tongue...I bought a gift certificate to Jagerhaus from Living Social because I wanted to try new foods. Well, not new to me because years ago I was treated to an authentic German restaurant in South Carolina that was owned and ran by a German family that had defected to the US before I was even born. And I have to say, although the food at Jagerhaus was good it did not compare. I had the Reuben sandwich and sweet potato fries but the Reuben I had last week at Arby's was way better. My fiance, had the pork schnitzel which was also good but I bought frozen breaded pork patties at Sav-A-Lot that taste the same if not better. Not to mention the spaetzles was mushy and over cooked for him or even me when I tasted them. The fries he got as the second of his side items were the same as what Burger King sales.  The price is too steep for what you get, good thing I only paid $15 for a $30 gift certificate. Will probably never go back even if its free. The only good thing that come out of this visit was the very nice server.We just spent a week in New Orleans for Jazz Fest 2014 and found Jaegerhaus just wandering by on the way home one day. Because we were hungry for something different we ended up having dinner. What a great choice it was! Because we didn't just eat there one night, but ended up having 3 meals there within the next two days (2x dinner, 1x brunch).
Everything was great -  the salads are fresh, every side dish and appetizer (we had red cabbage, spaetzle and potato pancakes) is authentic and well prepared. The brunch items (Breakfast Spaetzle and Eggs Benedict) were superb with generous portions.
For dinner I had the Hungarian Style Goulash twice. It was both times outstanding. As background: I am born and raised in Germany and also know Hungarian cuisine very well having had this style of meal in Budapest many times. I am not exaggerating when I say that the Goulash at the Jaegerhaus is the best tasting, most flavorful and tender version of this dish that I have ever had!
This restaurant serves wonderful food - if you are in the mood for some fantastic German/European fare don't look any further. 
I'll be back there for sure next year for Jazz Fest 2015 and will have another helping (or two) of the goulash.This place is way over priced considering it's quality. Soggy flammkuchen made for a sad brunch. I've been a few times, never leaving impressed but always with sticker shock. Their saving grace is the friendly service and bacon Bloody Mary.In all honesty, this is more like a 3.5 review but since we can't do 1/2 stars, it's a 3. We were stoked based on reviews and our love of Austrian and German food, so we went today for lunch. There were only two tables and it took a long time for our food to come out. The Pepsi was flat. Our server did not smile, hardly talked, and was basically no fun. The ambience was not great but was not horrible either. We were shocked at how pricey some things were on the menu and thought we paid too much for the food we had, but it did taste delicious (minus the potato pancakes, we've had better). My husband was born in Germany and lived there on and off for 14 years, so that was the basis of our opinion and review. Good luck to this owner, who by yelp writings seems to care very much. It's great to have german food around, but at lower prices with friendlier servers!Definitely worth a visit if you are in the French Quarter and like German food. Mulled wine this time of year is a nice way to warm up. And the spatzel is freshly made - Yum!Jagerhaus is a very small restaurant just off the main drag.  Service was exceptional.  My husband had the Jaegerschnitzel was a bit tough. Gravy was really good had a good flavor. We mentioned to the server when she asked how the meal was, she quickly offered to replace, but he was halfway through his lunch.  They took the meal off with no questions. I had the Oktoberfest platter which was a nice portion.  It came with sauerkraut and red cabbage.  Both were perfectly prepared.  With out lunches we both had Spaetzle which was prepared two ways. I had the creamy sauce with mushrooms.  Mmmmmm it was outstanding.  My husbands was the traditional and was just as good.  I would go back again.The women at the bar was warm and lovely but trying to get a table, the waiter was nasty and offering unrealistic seating arrangements. The restaurant was more than half empty and wanted to put three people in a two seated table.My go to breakfast/brunch spot when i didn't want the traditional cajun/creole fare. Always delicious!Funny little place, I was dubious at first.
Our concierge mentioned to us that they have the best coffee in New Orleans. We walked by and it looked like a bar, but we decided to stop by the next morning for a late breakfast.
So the eggs Florentine- awesome! And the regular coffee they serve in a bottomless cup- great!
Then we tried it for a simple dinner (So many fabulous New Orleans heavy cream sauced dinners, we needed a break) Once again- just easy and reasonably priced. Good vegi burger and fries, and an excellent German beer on tap.
Another day we stopped by just to have coffee and and German Chocolate cake at the bar- once again perfect.
So at five stars I don't want you to think this is gourmet or the best designed restaurant in America- it isn't. It is trying to be many different things, and oddly it does them all very well at a reasonable price with good service. Yes please!If I could give this place a negative rating I would. The service was slow and terrible. The waitress was so rude to us! The bartender was nice and apologetic for the terribly slow service. But the waitress kept making snide comments every time we asked her where our order was. The food was awful. I barely touched my Eggs Benedict because it was so tasteless. Will never come back.This is clearly spot on with authentic German style.  The Spaetzle was the one dish I was looking forward to the most.  Great to see a classic beer soup on the menu.
I order the pork schnitzel with creamed spinach and spaetzle.  I was thoroughly impressed.  The cutlet was breaded perfectly, juicy and moist on the inside.  The spaetzle was a stroll down memory lane.  I simply love this potato pasta and it's a rare to find a place that makes you smile with every bite.  I had a frosty Aecht Schenkerla Weizen which complemented the dinner well.
To top it off, we ended the night with a piece of Chocolate German Cake.  Yum!Dont be worried when you walk into what appears to be a cafe. It is indeed a delicious German restaurant. 
Dining with a German food newbie, we got the munchin plate to sample a little of everything.  We were promtly notified that they were out of meatloaf (which was nice instead of finding out after we try to order). We subbed Schnitzel for the missing meatloaf and asked for mushroom cream sauce on the Wiener Schnitzel with no issue.
The veal Wiener Schnitzel (now Jagerschnitzel) was the best thing on the plate. Grilled Bratwurst and steamed Knackwurst (1 pork, 1 veal) were all tasty but the beef Bratwurst was the best of the 3.  The Pork Schnitzel was dry and the breading was soggy. It taste as though it was frozen. The Bavarian pork chop was my second favorite on the plate. Well seasoned and not overcooked. 
The plate is served with spaetzle, German potato salad, kraut, and red cabbage. All less seasoned than I would prefer but still pleasing (perhaps I'm just accostomed to overly seasoned American food).  The spaetzle was a bit chewy but I think thats just how spaetzle is?
Overall I enjoyed the meal, although a bit expensive, and would return again for the Jagerschnitzel.Way to go Jagerhaus!  I have to admit I was not expecting much from this hole in the wall restaurant.  I've dined in Germany many times and have one of the nation's best German restaurants here in Plano, TX so I expected standard, going thru the motions German cooking.  I was also a bit bitchy about being talked into a German restaurant when New Orleans offers so many other regional appropriate venues.  I was very wrong.  The beers came and I became a bit happier (who wouldn't), very fresh and tasty.  We then had the sausage plate and potato pancakes for starters.  The dishes were full of flavor and the highlight was the warm, sliced German pretzel served alongside.  What a hit; we fought over the last few bites.  My other half had the jagerschnitzel and it was very tasty.  Nice, rich and full of flavor.  The star of the show was my pork shank.  When the waiter delivered the meal he told me that he would be very surprised if I needed anything more than a fork to eat it; he was right.  The pork was beyond tender, seasoned perfectly and melted in my mouth.  The sides, red cabbage and sauerkraut, were prepared perfectly.  My mind was changed.  This is an excellent restaurant on its own merit and a great escape from the daily creole (yes, I said it).  Next time in NOLA, I will go back.The best German food in town. My friend and I had the tour of Munich plate that served everything you would ever want. Veal Wiener Schnitzel, Bavarian pork chop, German meatloaf, grilled Bratwurst and steamed Knackwurst; served with spaetzles, German potato salad, kraut, red cabbage and mustard. Everything on the plate was excellent especially the pork chop, Wiener Schnitzel and sauerkraut. The only drawback is that they don't have any beer right now due to an expired liquor license which put a damper on the party. Will have to go back to get a schooner of HefferWeizenSitting at the window, I saw more than one potential patron scan the menu, peek inside ... and go elsewhere.  "Come on in!" I want to shout.  "Jagerhaus is really good!"  (We like this restaurant better than most of the places we tried in Germany!)
Let's start with sides.  Their red cabbage is a smidge better than their sauerkraut, both being finish-the-last-forkful good.  I'm not a fan of spaetzles -- too doughy for me -- but T. is, and he likes theirs.  I opted for creamed spinach, which was rich and delicious.
We both enjoyed our entrees:  German meat loaf (real comfort food), and the sausage plate with knackwurst and bratwurst.  In the past we've had schnitzel and sauerbraten -- all authentic and delish.
To round off our meal I had a glass of cabernet -- a deal at $3.50, and my husband ordered  German lager.  We split apple strudel a la mode.  (Truth be told, I could have polished off a piece on my own.)
Our waiter was efficient and pleasant, the atmosphere, well.... basic.  (I'm happy watching the Conti street passersby, when I sit up front.)
If you've been hesitant about dining at Jagerhaus, live in the fast lane and give it a try.  While I recommend their German specialties, you can always wimp out, and order American here.Great food, great beers, and good service. This is a small restaurant with good German food and a large German beer selection. I recommend this cozy restaraunt.This place is so effing good I had to add it to Yelp.
Spent a week in NOLA and ate out every meal. There's only one place we dined at twice--Jager Haus.  It's that good. And affordable. If we had found it earlier in the week we probably would have gone there even a few more times.
Details--small German bistro, clean, simple decor, cool owner, awesome food, serves beer.Stopped in for a light supper. Had soup and spaetzle. Server was very polite, beer was delicious, and atmosphere was friendly. Entrees seemed a little pricey to me, but I'm a bit of a spendthrift. If the rest of the food is as good as the soup, I could see spending some money in here.We loved our brunch at this place.  The traditional flammkuchen-like a filo dough pizza crust with bacon,  onion, chives, & brie - was wildly delicious as were the biscuits.  Staff was helpful and everything else was good.It's next door to a bigger, fancier place that advertised Oktoberfest; checked them out but, they lacked the draught beer selection I wanted.
Decided to give Jagerhaus a look.
Winner.  Spaten and several others served in three sizes.
Since it was near our hotel, we tried it out for breakfast and were very impressed with the menu, the quality of the food, the service.  Later that same day, went back for Spaten, had a little food.  Very happy.  Next morning, another hangover breakfast.
Several of us agreed, it was a steady performer.
Ummm, we did go to some cajun and creole places too.  And late night music on Frenchman's  but Jagerhaus was a good surprise.  It's small and on the quiet side which is kind of nice at certain times of the day.Was in New Orleans for New Year's Eve. We hit up Jagerhouse our last night in the city and it was definitely worth it. The sausage plate was delicious. They also have a meat beer which is worth a try or two. Will go here again next time I'm in New Orleans.Still great after all these years! 
Once again, so good I had to eat here twice in one trip. Which is saying a lot in a city filled with so many amazing culinary experiences.
Still the best schnitzel, pretzels, spaetzle, etc. in NOLA!
Friendly staff too.I'm a big fan of German food and I did enjoy my meal, but it was not as great as I had hoped. I had the goulash and it was really tender and good. I also had a bacon bloody Mary. It sounded amazing, but was really nasty. Way too salty and harsh.i would have preferred a normal bloody with a piece of bacon in it.
My husband had Jäger Schnitzel and again, it was good but not great. I must say that I am comparing it against my favorite German place in Dallas, so I don't know which has the more traditional German food but I do know I prefer my local place over this. With so many great food options in NOLA, I would skip this and go for some gumbo or a po-boy.I am kind of grumpy. Love the food, but Yelp and their website says they delivery, but they do not.I came here with a co-worker because I wanted to try their flammenkuche. It's my absolute favorite dish at Luke, but wanted to try Jagerhaus's take on it. Well, while it had a good flavor, it didn't match the level of Luke's. And it was the same price as Luke's! (Jagerhaus flammenkuche is $12.95 and Luke is $13.)
The menu said the flammenkuche had brie on it, but I didn't see a trace of it. There was something crusty on top of the flammenkuche, almost like overbaked parmesan cheese, but it had no resemblence to brie. The bacon, while not monster 3/4" x 1.5" chunks like Luke, had a really good smoky taste and melted in my mouth. The caramelized onions were good, the crust was perfect, and the fresh green onions on top really brought the dish up a notch. In fact, I wish Luke would add fresh chives on their flammenkuche. But the lack of discernable cheese was a bummer. It was also not as big as the one at Luke...I was able to finish the one at Jagerhaus and at Luke I always have to get someone to help me finish it.
Service was kind and well-meaning, but scatterbrained. We also tried to use a restaurant.com gift certificate, and were told that they don't accept it anymore. I was embarrassed because now my co-worker had to pay full price and we were expecting a discount. 
It's a cute, sunny place. Probably won't an effort to go back, though, now that my curiosity has been satisfied. Might eat there if I'm in the Quarter, I'm hungry, and I happen to run into it again.The Bavarian Crepes at Jagerhaus have caused me to question my atheism.
A shot of the spiced espresso after your meal may cause you to leave Jagerhaus and run Forest Gump style  through the streets of New Orleans.Service was verrrry slow.  Food was just okay.In my experience it is rare to go to a restaurant that has good food but have the whole experience be ruined by how awful the service was.  The Jagerhaus is one of them.
  Upon entering the establishment, our presence was not acknowledged and my girlfriend and I waited an awkward several minutes waiting to be seated... Unfortunately not because the restaurant was busy, it was quite the opposite, but because the hostess was behind the bar doing God-knows-what.
    Everything on the menu is overpriced, however the food is actually pretty decent. I had the egg casserole while my girlfriend had the breakfast spaetzle, which was well portioned for the price.  I wish there was more of my casserole, but I walked out not feeling overly stuffed but decent.  We also shared a 7" Belgian waffle which was extremely overpriced at $6.  That was just for a plain dry chewy waffle comparable to, and probably more expensive, than Ihop.  
My girlfriend also had a mimosa which was also a waste of money at $5.  She complained that the orange juice was bitter and she was cheated out of the strawberry that the menu had stated was the garnishment.  Though the drink was pretty heavy on the alcohol,  I'm sure my girlfriend may have been happier if making her drink didn't chew up 8 minutes of precious parking meter time and was made with quality juice.
The restaurant was pretty clean, if only the staffs mouths were as well.  The consistent use of F-bombs by the hostess was pretty frequent. Just say no this place.A hidden German gem right off Bourbon. Ordered the jaegerschnitzel and schnitzel. Delicious.... Spaetzle and great German beer complimented the meal well. Very well known for their coffee but did not try... Family went for the German chocolate cake instead. This place is well worth the Bourbon St price.Is this place still open? Tried to go last night couldn't get through by phone. Walked there anyway and the lights were off at 7pm. We like this place, but am confusWe were here for dinner on a Sunday and it was very quite, with a steady stream of people grabbing coffee.  Vastly over staffed with four people, the employees were kind of just hanging out, which is fine by me, and our server did a good job.  We had the potato mushroom soup, which was delicious, and a salad to start.  Not sure what the salad was called, but it had feta and blue cheese and a bunch of veggies, and everything was cut up very small and the veggies were plentiful,  an awesome salad that we might go back for when we need a little veggie boost.  For entrees, I had the veggie burger, which was probably microwaved, but fine, and she had the burger, also fine.  We had some coffee drinks for dessert that were quite good, too. 
So far, we've had terrible luck at restaurants, and as we eat through the French Quarter, we like this restaurant more and more.  Simple, fresh soup and salad and solid if unimpressive entrees.  Win.Food is delicious!! I love German food and their meatloaf is devine. It melts the second it hits your mouth. I grew up around a lot of Mennonites and the sauerkraut reminds me of my childhood!!Husband and I stopped in here on our first day visiting New Orleans. Restaurant was nearly full at 6:30pm but we were seated promptly.  They were out the beer we requested so we tired the Aventinus on draft and it was great. We started with a Bavarian pretzel which arrived hot and had two sauces with it that were both really tasty. For our entree we shared the Munich platter which was excellent and gave us a little taste of everything. It was large enough that three people could easily share it. Great first meal in the French Quarter.Three of us ate at the Jägerhaus  tonight. We all had the Chicken Paprikash. Absolutely great. The chicken was tender and moist; the sauce tasty with a paprika flavor and not heavy; the Spätzele were light and tender. We have had this dish elsewhere including in Hungary as well as it's being a family dish, so we feel qualified to comment.
The Schwarzwald Berry dessert was first rate with berries of various kinds interspaced with layers of vanilla ice cream and topped off with whipped cream with almonds.
The beer on draft included Weihenstephaner Hefeweizen and Warsteiner Lager as willo as Opimator. The beers we had were fresh and well served. 
Service was quite good. Highly recommended. Five stars except the ambiance left a bit to be desired.We had breakfast here twice during our stay in the FQ.
Both times the food was excellent. 
On our first visit we enjoyed our waitress, Baby, who taught our family a new game to play while we waited. We were disappointed not to see her on our second visit and last meal out in NOLA before going home.
The food is dang good. Try the Sweet Potato Waffle if you're into waffles and if you are a French Toast person, my daughter swears they have the best she's ever had. 
Both hubby and I really enjoyed our dishes as well. He had the regular eggs benny while I had the Florentine version. Both are delicious. 
If you need a larger breakfast than what your hotel provides, this is the place to go.
We regret not trying their regular (very German) menu...I guess we saved it for a repeat trip!Our server claimed that this is where to find the best coffee drinks in the French Quarter and I believe she was right.  The food is very good, too.  We ordered the SAUSAGE PLATE which came with grilled Bratwurst and steamed Knackwurst served with kraut, red cabbage and choice of spaetzles or German potato salad.  It was flavorful, but the German potato salad is usually a little more "vinegary" than what is served here.  The service was great.  We will definitely return.Great place! We split the Munich plate between me and the hubby it was superb...not to use overindulgent words but I was seriously impressed. The food had me licking the plate. We also had the beer flight...the only reason this place is a 4 instead of a five is that was missing one beer that was on the flight and one of the sausages off of the munich plate. Cion  was our waitress and she was a complete delight. My experience was just lovely. Thank you!Attempted to try this place with my sister during Mardi Gras 2016. My sister asked for an item to be removed from her meal (restaurant claimed this to be a substitution).. Anywho, she was told there could not be any substitutions made. Ironically enough a Caucasian woman sitting next to us was able to add ingredients in her meal just fine. We never got the chance to eat because of our treatment; we refused to be treated any differently than the other customers!! I will not recommend this place because either there was some kind of discrimination going on, or dare I say a case of racism. There were plenty of other places around the area that made us feel right at home.The food was fantastic... It brought me back to Oma's cooking. Very authentic and a great break from the seafood so readily available.. Took a friend from Iowa there since she's sketchy on seafood.. She loved it ( got the burger ) I had the bratwurst sandwich, also tried the Wiener schnitzel with side of red cabbage and German potato salad sooooo good . The staff was really friendly and service was fast!I'd read reviews and decided to try this place.  Went at 1pm and they were observing the much more expensive dinner menu!  Service was fair.Amazing. We couldn't decide what to order so we settled on the sampler. Wow. ALL of it was amazing. The knock wurst, bratwurst, sauerkraut, all expertly prepared! Our waiter Tim was well versed in the food and beer. Must say the sauerkraut was mouthwatering delicious and the various "wurst" dishes were amazing! Will def be going back!!!!!They serve an excellent breakfast. 
We had a place in mind and it was closed so we went walking down the street and found this very tiny cafe and it was GOOD. Service is slow but the waiter doesn't mind telling you it's the cooks fault. LOL
We had a great time and it was all worth the wait.I don't typically love German food but this place is great. We were here on Sunday night. For an appetizer, I had the huge pretzel. I also ordered the Sheppard salad and there was a very generous amount of delicious goat cheese on top. We all left stuffed. 
Our waiter Tom was awesome. Not only was he a great waiter with a hilarious personality but he gave us better tips and recommendations about NOLA than you would get from your a frommers book. This guy knows his stuff.
And this is a nice place to eat close to Bourbon St without the craziness of Bourbon.This place is a hot mess. We came for dinner and drinks and sat at the bar. The bartender is awful. She was having communication problems with staff and customers. She had her back to the place the whole time, missing everything going on. She ignored my drink order until my husband asked in Spanish. We tried to order food, and found they were out of sausages (and red wine, hence the hard to order drink). they charged me for missing sausage but the bartender didn't know how to fix it. so a waiter had to help her run my card and then refund my card. Food was ok but not worth the time and frustration.Felt a taaad guilty on our first trip to New Orleans, in the French Quarter, visiting a German spot, but once the food arrived - the guilt vanished. Optimator and Schneider Weisse on tap was enough to get me through the doors, but the Reuben sandwich made me want to stay. Oh, but I didn't get normal bread on this Reuben... No, no rye for me. What contained that delicious corned beef, swiss and saurkraut, you ask? TWO POTATO PANCAKES. 
It was a regular double-down. And it was delicious. My only qualm was that I would've liked something other than fries for a side, since my sandwich was massive and potato-y enough. Some fruit maybe? Just kidding, just tell them you don't need a side, because YOU WON'T.Food 8/10
Service 6/10 - one waitress 
Mojitos 59/10 - seriously the best my wife has ever had. 
All in all we are very happy with this place.Aventinus and an Oktoberfest plate. Breakfast of champs.
Great food and great beer list!Excellent beer menu! Knowledgeable wait staff. If you enjoy quality beer, this is the place. Close to the "action" on Bourbon street, but such better quality.I read about this place in a couple of those touristy brochures/magazines but you know the recommendation can be a hit or miss. Is this highly lauded place really worthy of the praise or did they pay for the accolades? (Can you tell I don't trust those touristy brochures/magazines?)
We stumbled upon this place on a walk one morning and since I had read about it an since we stumbled upon it I figured it was fate that led us here. Upon entering we were greeted by Angel. What a bright, shining light of a person. So full of energy....and I haven't had my coffee yet! Cozy & cute this little German eatery is small but we were lucky we were up early. I ordered an iced coffee (which was VERY good) & sat back to look at the menu. Everything looked delicious: German pancakes, breakfast spaetzle, crepes...and what is this? Flamm'keuche? Yes! Flamm'keuche translates to flame cake which is a "pie" cooked in a wood fired stove/oven. The one that caught my eye had eggs, salmon, spinach topped with swiss cheese. Sold! H opted for the Classic American (how boring!!). 
Breakfast was a bit slow but worth the wait! The Flamm'kueche looked gorgeous! I quickly snapped a pic and dug in. While most would call this a pizza, the crust is a German pasty so it is not a "hands on" meal. You have to be civilized & use a fork & knife. The uber-thin crust was tender and the combination of eggs, spinach, cheese & smoked salmon was divine. The pie is on the big side, two can easily share. H's breakfast turned out to be a delight also! He loved, loved the sausage & grits. 
Quaint, off  the beaten path & a great staff makes this place a hidden gem off of Conti, for those of you lucky enough to stumble upon the place.Very good food and beer selection is great. They make the best coffee too! I would give it five stars but the last time my husband and I ate there, it was Mardi  Gras morning and had terrible service. I think they must have hired some temps. ? The waiter totally overlooked me we both ordered coffee and he only brought one cup, I waited another  five minutes and I had to flag him down to remind him that I ordered coffee too. He only brought enough sugar and cream for my husbands coffee so I had to borrow some from the people next to me. While we were waiting to pay for the bill I used there restroom and when I returned the waiter had given my husband his phone number! How unprofessional! Clearly our waiter hated women and was only interested in the male customers. He was also ignoring the table next to us( two women) . What a shame! They have such great food and drinks. I don't care what anyone's sexual preference is but if your in the service industry it pays to be nice and respectful to all customers!What an awesome surprise! I don't think I've ever experienced authentic German cuisine before Jagerhaus.  So good! The meatloaf is amazing...Perogies are a must have. Very small, cozy space. Very much worth a visit.Everyone should go here, except I sort of hope they don't because it's hard enough to get a table sometimes as it is. Jagerhaus is weird little place tucked away in the Quarter that seems to be a favorite with locals rather than tourists. The food is delicious and the prices are just right. Try the Jagerschitnzel and don't miss the deserts. Their hamburger is also great, but it's basically an entire German food platter on a pretzel bun. It is served with a steak knife to help you get through it, if that helps you picture it. 
This place is worth making the trip into the French Quarter.Probably a bit biased writing this as the owner of this establishment was also my host for my airbnb place. Still doesn't change the fact that this place serves some superb German eats for a reasonable price.You can only have crawfish boil and po boys and beignets for, maybe 5 or 6 meals back to back, before you start looking for new flavors; and just so happen, right after the Jazz Fest on Saturday we were looking for that something else, and eventually we settled on German foods.
Since both of us were a little famished, which you would think was unlikely especially right after the Jazz Fest and all the vendor foods there, but we were. Wasted no time, we made our orders, and got blackberry mojito and hefeweizen in hands before we finished our brief conversation with the nice girl who brought us the drinks.
Ok, so the Oktoberfest plate was as delicious as I thought; it was like a meat party in my mouth, with all the veal frank and bratwurst and knackwurst, sitting nicely on top of red cabbage and spaetzles. Annie decided the Jagerschnitzel was the best choice for the night, and she may be right. It will leave you wonder if you ever tasted a proper schnitzel; it will leave you wonder if you will ever taste a schnitzel as good. Well... maybe not that dramatic, but it was damn good that night.
If was define worth out effort to walk down here.So, I didn't eat here the first time I came here because the bartender was really rude(this was about 9 months ago). However, my husband and I decided to eat breakfast here our last day on our honeymoon. Best. Speatzel. Ever. Seriously. I got the breakfast spaetzel with Gouda cheese and an English muffin as well as a mimosa and my husband got the spaetzel omelet with a biscuit. Mine was better than his I think. Still, this is the best food we've had since we have gotten here! They only serve breakfast on Saturdays and Sundays but boy are they worth the wait. Much better than the cafe in our hotel. They also have a full bar and a full coffee/cappuccino/espresso station and they use Italian coffee. I definitely recommend this place for breakfast and/or brunch. PHENOMENAL!A friend of mine was going on and on about this place. So, I figured it must be good I have to give it a chance. I went about 6 o'clock at night. As we entered the place it was rather small but cute. We sat next to the window which one side was open it was a nice night so I wasn't to worried about that. But next thing I know we have a drunk woman almost in my lap cause she has falling into the window. This isn't the best side of the quarter and it showed with the people outside.
Anyways on to the food. I ordered the reuben (which is my favorite sandwich and I have had them from California to Tennessee to Katz Deli in New York) and sweet potatoe fries. The reuben was rather small and not very impressive so I moved on to the fries they were over cooked, hard and cold. The german beer selection is very good and it was very tasty. 
All in All I really doubt I will be giving this place another chance cause their are to many good places in the quarter to eat.This is a review that is strictly concerning breakfast.
My wife and I went here twice while in New Orleans recently for 5 days.
On both visits I got the Farmer's Omelet that is filled with bacon,  ham, onions, swiss cheese and SPAETZLES!  It is an incredible omelet!  I fell i love with it!  I want another!
On one visit my wife got the Sweet Potato Waffle and absolutely loved it.  The other time she got the basic breakfast of eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, and toast.  It was one of the few times that she got her bacon cooked exactly as she likes it.
One last thing:  the coffee is perfect and comes in larger than average cups.  That alone deserves 4 stars!!Delicious x 3!!! I had the bratwurst po boy and a warsteiner beer, and it was to die for! Everyone around me said they all loved their food too. Highly recommendThis was such a great change because me and my husband were sick and tired of cajun/seafood/creole food.
It was my first time trying German Food an loved the spetzel and the beef with a mushroom looking gravy. Delishhhhh!
The restaurant its a little pricey for the kind of food they serve but its worth a try!
Service was great and location as well. We were staying at the dauphine new orleans hotel so its was a hit to have it right by. Def is worth a try if you are tired of the cajun creole seafood around the area.The Jägerhaus reviews did not disappoint! This is a wonderful food option if you want something other than the traditional NOLA food choices. The food is tasty and the beer list makes for a welcome change. The weiner schnitzel was delicious.During a trip to New Orleans, I found Jagerhaus on Yelp because it was next to my Hotel and had a lot of good reviews. We ordered an omelette with potatoes and toast and a latte coffee. There seemed to only be one server for the entire restaurant and I could tell he was a bit in the weeds. Our food took awhile to come out, and it seemed that there was only one cook in the kitchen as well. The food and coffee was really good, but if you're in a rush and the restaurant looks full, I would not recommend stopping here. There is a bar, so I'm sure a coffee to go wouldn't take too long though. I will come back here during my next trip to New Orleans' famous Bourbon Street district.We ate here for lunch one day and breakfast another day.  We all loved this place.  Yarda and the staff are fantastic and they make some great food.  Loved the potato pancake pastrami sandwich as well as the eggs benedict.  Yummmm.  Also our server from Hungary (sorry forgot your name) made a mean bloody mary.  Thank you so much.  We will be back next year. :)I have eaten here a couple of times and I really enjoy this place.  The chef is right there cooking in front of you.  The restaurant is not very big and they also serve expresso and other coffee concoctions.  They have a yelp deal and are also on restaurant.com so it is nice to eat at a great place and get a discount.
I really like the atmosphere here and I like the food.  I have nothing but good things to say about this place.So I guess you can't expect too much for a German restaurant in the French Quarter, the food was just ok. I has a wiener schnitzel which was over fried, the spaetzel was drowned in sauce; the bright portion of the meal was the potato salad, but even that wasn't seasoned enoughStopped in for breakfast and it was good. I just had a basic breakfast of scrambled eggs and a biscuit. My friend got the farmers omlet and she said it was really good. The service was good and it is also very reasonably priced for the area.First of all let me say I met Yarda the owner of Jagerhaus. He is a dedicated individual that truly understands customer service.
The food was a real pleasure and their coffee products were a delight. I always prefer to help out the small growing coffee and restaurant establishments over the monstrous chain places.  Jagerhaus  has a type of charm and authentic taste that is hard to mass produce.
Washington DC,Excellent meal and German food! I got the Jaegerschnitzel, which had the best creamy, mushroom sauce that I ever had! I would make a drink out of it because it was so delectable. The bed of spaetzle was wonderful as well. My table received a complementary shot of warmed, fruit-flavored wine, which was perfect for the chilly evening in the French Quarter. The waitress was both friendly and helpful. 
The only downside I could come up with is the back of the restaurant, where the waitress and other staff were organizing dishes and utensils. It became noisy and disrupted the ambience of the charming set-up of the restaurant. Other than that, great place!German food in NOLA?  YES!!  This is the place to be if you want to try something different than the standard New Orleans fare.  I was there on a late Saturday night and really wanted to try the pierogies, but they ran out of them.  I went with fried zucchini (fritte) appetizer and a bratwurst po-boy.  Now, zucchini is a very simple food and somehow Jagerhaus managed to turn it into an amazing appetizer.  It was lightly breaded and fried to perfection.  It came with a dipping sauce but the zucchini was so good, I didn't use it.  The bratwurst po-boy had the best sauerkraut I have ever tasted.  It was light and slightly sweet and unlike anything I have ever had.  There was a brown sauce on it that neither enhanced nor detracted from the sauerkraut.  For dessert, it was a toss up between apple strudel or german chocolate cake.  I went with the chocolate choice.  Amazing!  We had great service and our waiter was very attentive.  There is also a breakfast menu that sounded good, but I didn't try it since there are so many other places to try.  We had breakfast at another place and it wasn't very good so I wished we had come back to Jagerhaus.Beers were great & the food was delish!  I had a raspberry beer & the munich salad, my Mom had the pecan beer & german burger. Would recommend either drink/dish! Good to beta little break from all the traditional louisiana food. Prices were good. The wait wasn't too bad either - definitely worth it!this place was awesome except their choice of music . their food was amazing, brought back a lot of memories from the last time I was in Germany . I got the pork snitzel and let me tell you my stomach was so satisfied. it was my fiancés first time ever having German food and he loved it ( he had wiener snitzel ) the spätzle is also amazing and the beer is very good . I had an awesome time there and I'd recommend this to all my friends and family . thank you jägerhaus for an awesome time and great food !!!!!I really didn't like this place. The food wasn't very tasty. I've been to Germany many times, and I've been to many places in the US that are German. This place is a tourist version of an attempt to do German food.  The spazle was about the best part of the meal. They had ran out of most of the beer on tap. [How do you do that for dinner service?] The portions were small. The sauce wasn't very noticeable, and I had hoped that the schnitzel would have been breaded. The price of the meal and one drink was over $30. After all this 2 stars seems generous.
If you want good German food in the US go to Waldhorn [Charlotte, NC], you'll actually pay less than here for it as well. I realize that this doesn't help the reader, but once you've been to the Waldhorn, you'll have a high level of quality to judge others by.
EDIT: I added another star because a person representing the business messaged me and showed interest in the review.I have dined here with friends and family on several occasions and it has been a wonderful experience. Not only are you in one of the coolest cities in the world but the food is delicious and the service is wonderful. Grab yourself a nice European brew and enjoy the food!We wanted something different than the regular French quarter fare and decided to try this place on our last night here.  So glad we did. Not only was the food fantastic but the service was great as well. Try the wolf martini, it's different but so good!Food took a bit, but wasn't disappointed when we finally got it.  Started off with a pretzel, which they ran out of cheese sauce.  Not the end of the world, but the cheese sauces are typically very good.  Now on the the main course, the Ruben, which was extremely delicious.  This sandwich had me really impressed.  Anyway, even with a couple negatives (slow service, no cheese sauce, ran out of one of their beers on tap), I'd still recommend coming here and trying their Ruben sandwich.I can't really give a solid review of the food here, as we weren't really eating dinner, but stopped in for a beer and snacks.  They were out of the curry wurst, which kind of confused me...how hard is it to keep the ingredients for the curry sauce around, and bratwurst.  Not that tough, people.
We ended up getting 4 pretzels and two half-liters of beer and that ended up costing like $42 with a 20% tip, so I thought that was maybe a little outrageous.  But the pretzels were decent, and the mustard was definitely "scharfer senf". Total blew up my sinuses.  It was awesome.
The beer selection is decent, the majority are German beers, and other continental (Czech) beers.  I don't remember seeing any Belgians - just the stuff more truer to Germany.  Larger bottle collection, only 4 beers on tap, which is fine.  Included the Aventinus Weizenbock, 2 Spaten beers (including a premium lager and their Optimator Doppelbock) and I think a Bitburger pils.
Funny Story: Two men, a younger woman and a very young son came in and sat at the table next to us.  I had my back to them.  They were German, and I could pick up a little of the conversation.  I thought it was kind of funny if you would fly to New Orleans only to go to a German restaurant. But I guess if it's later in your trip and you get a little tired of eating all the really good food in New Orleans, you might get homesick.  But then the lady ordered a Bud Light, which almost made my head explode, and one of the men ordered a cheeseburger. BOOM. My wife said the German woman was having a hard time finishing that Bud Light.  Tell me about it.This was such a great change from Cajun and seafood here in Nola. I grew up with a German grandmother, and am picky about my bratwurst, red cabbage and German potato salad, but this was perfect! The German potato salad was my favorite. They were out of the desserts we wanted to try so I can't comment on those, but I have no doubt they are also amazing. GREAT service (thanks Jason!) and very reasonably priced for this area.The food was great! We stayed across the street at the Prince Conti hotel, so we ate here 3 times. The country omelet was really good and so was the coffee. The service was prompt and courteous. Honestly our waiter was so nice that my mom kept trying to get me to leave him my number. Gotta love moms. He is cute though. ;)  We would definitely return if we ever come back to New Orleans... and hopefully that cute waiter will still be there. ;)