Great food... Great people... Great location (across the street for the ever popular BeBe's Car Wash)... what more do yo neeud?  I work nearby & myself  & co-workers were enthralled that another eatery was opening up nearby, more choices, more food, more, more, more!!! I mean I'm all about maximizing my time & this place proves to be just another STICK & MOVE CAPER!!!!
All flavors of wings, I don't eat chicken, so I can only judge that taste of the wings from my co-workers as I see them FINGER SUCKING & LIP LICKING whilst eating the wings.  (Hello, napkins please...)
I can attest to the fries & seafood nachos & fried fish... yummmmmmy for my tummy.
Service with a smile is what you always get & that makes the meal more enjoyable.  
Payment can be made via a mobile cash register & phone orders are soon to come; you know I asked, especially since I never carry cash & am always "sticking & moving"Stopped by after work in the afternoon on a Tuesday. They had a wing special: 6wings and fries for $6. The wings were big and you get plenty fries! I tried the lemon pepper, garlic parm, and sweet and sour. All flavors were good but the lemon pepper was my fave. I will go again!!These are definitely the best wings in the greater New Orleans metro area. I have been to 95% of them and this one is my favorite.Found this place thru Uber eats while searching for new wing places. I was impressed and decided to order again and go pick it up myself. It's easy to miss if you're not familiar with the area and I don't think you can eat there. But it's definitely worth getting it for take out. Also their prices are reasonable and I like that it already comes with fries instead of it being an add on. I'm not giving it 5 stars bc they didn't include my ranch/blue cheese dressingOrdered the New Orleans hot and the lemon pepper wings with ranch fries! It was really tasty and the hot wings weren't too hot so it wasn't a problem, although parking isn't the best the food will make up for it! Love the atmosphere was very welcoming but it was a bit hot inside.. the prices are amazing you can't beat it! 5/5 Loved itExceptional wings, and a lot of food (wings come with fries) for what you pay! We had the New Orleans Hot sauce and buffalo wings which were delicious. Definitely stop here for some good food and friendly service.Phone ordering is available!!! Also they've expanded the menu byway of salads and other items!!!! Of course the WINGS are STILL the pièce de résistance; get at 'em.Today was my first time trying this place, and I will definitely be returning. My food was delicious. Hot and full of flavor. I'm used of having just salt on my fries. But they put a seasoning on it that blessed my soul. Prices was great for the amount of food and flavor you'll get. I will definitely return.i called in my order, the person was easy to understand and took my order correctly and repeated it back to confirm. when i arrived within the quoted time, i wait approx 5 more mins for my food to be boxed.  everyone was very friendly and the wings were exactly what i was looking for: crunchy, juicy, and hot. i would definitely go back and recommend them to anyone looking for some great wings.I usually get the New Orlean's Hot flavor and an Arnold Palmer. This place is soooo good but I have one huge problem with it. They turn off Uber Eats all the time so I can rarely get it. I know you do that when you're busy but you just gone have to get used to being busy because I be tryna eat. You don't want my money?Don't do reviews often but this one here is well deserved. Found this spot on yelp and said a black owned business gotta support my people. I ordered a 8 piece half lemon pepper and half New Orleans hot. I cook and cater also but I don't know what the hell they frying them chicken wings in but it can't be legal. Best lemon pepper wings in the city hands down. Keep doing y'all thing cuz I'm coming back with backup.Honestly you can't go wrong eating here. The food is delicious. The service is exceptional. Nothing short of warmth and New Orleans hospitality. Every time you dine here, you'll feel like family. This locally family owned business is at the heart of our community. Truly a must EAT!! Try his Gruhhhh sauce you can't go wrong. Plus taste some of the crawfish fries or nachos.They nasty!! Period! Ordered 6 hot wings just to try them. The chicken had no flavor other than the bottle of hot sauce that was poured on them. The fries were amazing! The wings you can go somewhere else! 2 stars for the . That was my first and last time trying them!Lemon pepper wings FIYAHHHHHH!
Honorable mention to the garlic pepper and the garlic Parmesan. 
Also, they are closed on SundaysCame here right after classes to enjoy some wings. There's no parking lot, but I was able to find street parking nearby. There was a weekly Monday special for 75 cent wings, that I happily took advantage of. I ordered Buffalo, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Parmesan, and Jaidyn's Flavor Wings, Fries, and an Arnold Palmer. 
The staff was really friendly, but the food took a little while to come out. That's fine because sometimes good food needs a little more time to cook. The wings were a good size, nicely fried, and well seasoned. I had three normal wing flavors, but I was a bit adventurous with Jaidyn's Flavor. It's named after the place, so I have to try it right? The worker described it to be similar to Caribbean Jerk, but sweeter. The wings were sauced up and it tasted sweet and a bit tangy to me. I'm probably far off from how it's supposed to taste like, but I personally thought it tasted like spiced apples! 
Overall, a nice little spot to grab some hot wings for any occasion. Be sure to take advantage of their weekly deals!Sweet baby Jesus, the wings here are good. I only stopped here because I was getting my car washed at Bebe's across the street. I read in another person's Bebe's review that the wings were good here, and when I dropped my car off the guy urged me to check this place out. So even though I ate lunch just a few hours before, I was like, sure, I can munch on a few wings. 
I ordered the hot buffalo style because that's typically my favorite. I also ordered the garlic parmesan because they had 10-12 flavors of wings to choose from so I thought I should try another one too. Holy crap. So glad I did. The buffalo wings were good - well seasoned with a nice heat. The french fries my order came with were hot and plentiful. But the garlic parmesan wings... man, I will be back for those. Possibly tomorrow. So freaking good. They were crispy, expertly seasoned with the perfect amount of parmesan. Well done, wing master. Well done.Great food! Amazing prizes! The lemonade is BOMB! Call ahead because there will be a decently long wait time.A classmate of mine is related to the owners and she was not lying when she said the wings are GREAT. 
The wing shop is right around the corner from school. Be prepared for street parking tho, but it'll all be worth it when you are welcomed into a warm, comforting staff with amazing hot, fresh food. 
The inside of the place is pretty petite with 3 small dining tables and some seating, but trust me, you'd want to sit down right away and eat your food. Unfortunately, i took my food to-go but it was still hot & fresh after 15 min of driving home. 
I ordered the 6-piece wings (a staff member, Lewis, told me they normally don't allow 2 flavors for a 6-piece but he was able to work things out) and my flavors were lemon pepper and Jaidyn's sauce. They were perfectly seasoned -- every side and creases of the wings were well coated. 
& oh, another great thing was the wings were not greasy. 
The Jaidyn's sauce is pretty unique, it was kind of sweet, definitely tangy but it also had a lil spicy kick. 
Lawd. And then there were the ranch fries. SO. GOOD. They were not skimpy with the ranch at all.
And of course, i had to have my sweet tea. 
I'm new to the greater New Orleans area and I'm so glad i was able to find this wing shop. I will definitely drag more people in with me next time.
Thank you, Lewis, for the amazing service & food!I've never written a review before, but I felt as though the service and food from here was just amazing! I order from here on Uber eats a lot and I usually get wings and fries for my boyfriend and I. He likes all drums and I like all flats, and they always deliver us exactly what we ask for. The fries are always seasoned well! The lemonade is amazing! And the wings aren't those cheap small wings they're very fulfilling and usually leave us both stuffed ! So yeah, order from hereGreat wings! 
Went out of my way to get 10 delicious wings.
Nice little place.  Had the pepper garlic and garlic Parmesan. And they both were delicious. Definitely coming backBest wings in town and its not even a debate. They were hot, fresh and delicious. They were running a special today, so I tried multiple different kinds of sauces and flavors. They were ALL good. The wife had garlic parmesan and she loved them. I had traditional bbq and ended up eating 20 of them. I drove all the way from Harahan. And I'll be driving there every time from here on out. Great food. Great service. Thanks Jaidyn's! See y'all soon.The absolute BEST WINGS & CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! I eat from there often to say the least and my food is always fresh, hot, & delicious. They cook to order!! My wings have always been laid on the plate neatly always an abundance of fries seasoned to perfection!!!! Absolutely love the staff!!!! Also, best ARNOLD PALMER IVE EVER HAD!!! Love these people!!!!!Incredibly good!  Ordered via Ubereats and tried both Jaidyn's Flavor (sweet with a slight amount of heat) and Barbecue.  Good sized wings with a generous amount of sauce, but not too much.  So good I didn't have a chance to take any pics.  Will absolutely order again.The wings were delicious. I had the garlic parm and buffalo, my husband had lemon pepper and Jaidyn's flavor. I will definitely get the the Jaidyn's flavored Wings next time. Everything was hot and fresh!!The best wings in the city hands down! It may take awhile to get your food because it's made to order of course so order ahead, but overall really flavorful wings and exceptional customer service. The Arnold Palmer is the best I've ever had and worth the trip alone. They offer specials so the price is usually way more than reasonableIt was a Friday so we ordered a fried catfish plate along with a combo of barbeque and lemon pepper wings. The catfish was the best I have ever had! The flavors on the wings were delicious! Looking forward to going back and trying other flavors. And if you like your Friday fish plate, this place is a must-do!The wings are so great here! Seasoned well and cooked to perfection! I've tried jaidyns sauce, bbq, and buffalo. Great flavors! Will definitely keep supporting!We ordered from Uber Eats, and any restaurant who can cook the food so that it stays crispy until it arrives to my door absolutely has my heart. We ordered 2 8-piece wings with ranch fries. You're allowed to pick 2 flavors (sauce or rub) with an 8-piece so we picked Jaidyn's sauce, Buffalo, lemon pepper, and garlic Parmesan. These wings are the BOMB! Crispy, juicy, flavorful with generous amounts of sauce that didn't make them soggy. The fries are yummy and their house ranch is fabulous! Delicious meal and for the price, you can't beat it! We will order again!Jaidyns flavor with ranch fries , thank me later! Definitely will be back ,wings were cooked just right and the ranch was amazing.To say this spot is really really nice. Really good wings and there's also great wing deals on Monday and Tuesdays! I had the buffalo wings and ranch fries And it was really delicious and I was able to get my ranch dipping sauce. I also tried the paremsan wings which was pretty good might I add. The owner is very nice and very attentive to all his customers. Your order is made to order right on the spot. The wings were fresh and good. I also got the house lemonade which was pretty good too!Best wings ever! Jaidyns flavor is 10/10. The wait time can be a little long but very worth it. Best wings in the city!Love these wings. Located in the mid city area. 
I tried Jaidyn's flavor and it was delicious. He added a lemon pepper to the. Bbq sauce taste and rolling on the floor good. He is running a special now on social media you can get 6 for $6 or 8 for $8.Came in on a Friday night and was the only person in here for about 15 minutes! It's a small place, a few benches for seating for to go orders and maybe 3/5 tables for dining in. You order at the counter and they call your name when the order is ready. 
My 10 piece lemon pepper with ranch fries took about 20 minutes to come. But it was super hot and fresh and stayed hot the entire drive home. 
The wings are crispy! Tender on the inside but the outside def has a crunch. The lemon pepper flavor was nice, nothing super different about it but it was def good as far as lemon pepper goes! 
The fries were good! They load them up with ranch! The ONLY reason they have 4 stars from me instead of 5 is because I  didn't care for the taste of the ranch. Somebody who isn't as picky about their ranch might not care though!These wings definitely live up to the hype! Great size, perfect crisp, and delicious sauces. We tried the New Orleans Hot, Lemon Pepper, Sweet & Sour, and Teriyaki. They were all bangin! I typically leave a lot of meat on my wings and my husband comes behind me to tell me how I didn't do it right and then cleans the bones. Well he was out of luck this time because baby let me tell you.... I left no crumbs! Oh and sorry, no pics because by the time I remembered to take some, it was nothing left but the bones and two folks with the itis!The wings here were just right. The right amount of seasonings not too salty . I really enjoyed the wings and the ranch French fries . Very tasty.Best wings in the city. New Orleans Hot are a nice, spicy buffalo type flavor. Call in your order ahead of time cause they are made fresh to order. My favorite jointBest lemon pepper wings i've had in the city. And they're reasonably priced. They also stay open late on weekends which is very convenient.Ok let me start by saying this their wings are like crack!! Very addictive which is probably I keep giving them chance after chance. Food is generally hot and made to order. Their service is pretty good as well I was shorted a wing this time. I don't think it was intentional however they should slow down and double check. They are closed now and my order can't be corrected. It seems they are a new business so I guess they are experiencing growing pains which is ok as long as they improve. I may go backFirst time trying-Omg!!! These wings was amazing. My husband is hard to please when it comes to wings. He ate almost the whole plate and said "why you only ordered a few" New Wing SpotSome of the best wings I've had in New Orleans! Fairly priced, great amount of meat and the flavors are wonderful! Highly recommend.As I anxiously awaited my tasty delicious treats, the anxious and anticipation was worth the wait. These wings were like the angels themselves had carved and blessed them to enrich my soul. The portion size was incredible (plus 2 for my bday). The taste should be illegal. Side note, I didn't order fries but since they were so great, they graciously provided me with fries. Every single piece was devoured in minutes. So please do yourself a favor and treat yourself to Jaidyn's "o my gosh" wingsOMG! THE RANCH FRIES ARE AMAZING!! The place is tiny yet comfy. I arrived at Jaidyn's around 12:25ish and it only took 10 minutes to make my fries with a very long line! The staff here is very polite.I tried this place after the recommendation of a co-worker and am very glad I did. Put simply...
Honey Mustard Wings - amazing
Jaidyn's Flavor Wings - amazing
Ranch Fries - amazing
My favorite thing about the wings were that they were not covered in breading and they were BIG for wings. The sauce was just right. 
I've been craving them since I had them last. For context, today is Monday and I had them last Friday.By far the best wings in town. I'm not a fan of sweeter flavors so Jaidyns wasn't up my alley but my bf loved them. Still a good flavor! The only thing that makes me sad is they are closed Sunday, but as a family run business I get it. So far I've loved every flavor I've tried. You really can't go wrong with any of them- nice, meaty wings and super flavorful sauces. Wings are perfectly done too. Don't bother going elsewhere! This place is the tits.I'm white (Latina) so I got treated like shit when I went here. Whatever. IDGAF if the wings are great. These were okay, not great and how come it took 20 minutes to get them? The damn Arnold Palmer almost gave me diabetes, too, with all the sugar.The food is great. Unfortunately the last experience I had there was horrible. I called from home and was placed on hold for over 20 minutes. Eventually I jumped in my car and drove to the restaurant. Still on hold. Listening to the employees curse and use the "n" word. The employee finally picked up the phone and hung up. I call back only to be put on hold for another 10 minutes. I mentioned what had happened and was told "that happens some times ". No apology. I placed my order and was told it would be ready in 20 minutes. I parked outside and waited 30 minutes to go in. 20 minutes after paying inside my food was ready. That tells me my order wasn't placed until I went inside. Great product that I actually prefer over J's, but I'll drive further and spend my money there.Very slow. Staff was nice. Unfortunately there is no an option for larger quantity orders. They took off a few cents but not a real discount at all. We had the lemon pepper, jaidyns, garlic garlic Parmesan and hot. Everything was just ordinary except for the staff.I loved Jaidyn's wings! I had been looking forward to trying them for a long time since I LOVE wings and my friend ordered me some as a gift. I got to try the parmesan and the teriyaki wings as well as the ranch fries and the regular fries. The parmesan wings were my favorite! They were nice and crispy, just like I like them, with a thick blanket of parmesan cheese. Everything was hot when it got delivered. I would definitely love to order again and try the New Orleans hot and buffalo wings.My favorite wing spot .... HANDS DOWN
Everybody should taste this food that's how goodDefinitely some of the best wing around. The Jaidyn sauce was delicious. The New Orleans sauce was too spicy for me, my son LOVED it. He even ate the few leftovers ones at breakfast.My favorite wing spot .... HANDS DOWN
Everybody should taste this food that's how good it is.Went here to pick up some wings today for lunch. Let me tell you I have no complaints.  The young lady at the counter was sweet and helpful and patient. Once we got home and tasted for first time were very happy. Got the parmesan and garlic, the New Orleans spicy and ranch French fries.  We ate till we were stuffed. Next time I want to try the Jaden special ones.  Yes will definitely be a next time.Jaidyn's has never failed me. Their wings are always cooked to perfection. The wings are a good size and they are fairly priced. The fries have always been fresh and nothing I've ever ordered had that old grease taste to it, which lets me know they're changing it out often. The wings don't just depend on the sauce/batter for flavor either. They are generous with the sauce and the fries. Not overly salty. I've ordered delivery and I've gone in multiple times and the delivered wings were just as fresh and crispy as if I'd gone to get them. I've had the fish that they do on Fridays before too and it was good. The parking situation isn't great but this IS New Orleans. These wings are worth the trouble though.was in search of some lunch close to the office and this came up on my maps. I clicked the FB page and knew immediately that I was going to support this local spot. Upon getting there, i asked Aaron what he recommended. The suggestion was Jaidyn's flavor. They did not disappoint. Jarmar, the man, the owner himself made my order! I thought how cool for my first time. Mannn, It was such a pleasure  meeting these brothers! I definitely recommend Jaidyn's flavor, but I overall recommend checking them out! It's like a jerk flavor without the spicy. SO DAMN DELICIOUS! I WILL BE BACK FOR MORE. SHOW LOVE TO LOCALS, ALWAYS  THANKS AGAIN!My only wing spot in the Tulane area. Not sure if they still do $0.50 wings on Tuesday. But hands down this my favorite garlic Parmesan wings. I missed this place when I went vegan... but the come back is real!Definitely some of the best wings in the city. It is a small place and didn't really have a feel for a sit down meal so I got it to go. 
I got a 10 piece "Jaidyn's flavor." Not spicy but has some good flavor. It is good for anyone looking for flavor over heat. 
Crisp, fresh wings. Solid choice.Ordered 10pc = $13.67
Came with fries
Order wait: 30 minutes
Can call in to order or place UberEats for deliver or pickup. Same price for Uber eats pickup order.
Flavor: garlic pepper and buffalo hot
Garlic pepper is good for folks that like their wings plain with a dash of pepper. 
Buffalo hot is standard wet and watery. I prefer sauces that stick to the wings. It's called emulsion. Which makes me to assume all their sauce in their wings will be a watered sauce.
They didn't have Jaidyn's flavor available today.
The wings are little smaller than Buffalo Wild Wings.
Texture: A little on the wet side when you order a sauce on the wings. I overheard someone request the wings to be "fried hard". I would consider that to get that crispy bite on the wings with sauce.
The worker was polite and helpful. 
I recommend calling ahead or placing a pickup through Uber Eats and requesting the wings fried hard.
Fun fact: the entrance door has a bit of resistance when closing. It causes everyone to close the door completely lol. 
I'll go back to give the "fried hard" wings and jaidyns flavor a chance.Y'all this food was soooooooooo damn good.  I literally walked 6 blocks both ways through hell (New Orleans heat) to get this plate and it was so worth.  I would say, "I'll be back every Friday, but the way arteries are set up, that would make my visit come to an end sooner than I'd like.  Lol. Y'all it's definitely worth it though.  Go check them out. 
You're welcome in advance.Straight up, some of the best wings in the city. 
When it comes to chicken wings, I'm no fan of the chain restaurants with tiny wings, overly salty sauces and high prices. Jaidyn's Wings truly puts together wings that are rich in flavor, nice in size and not super pricey. You get quality wings for a good price and that's just what I like!
I ordered Jaidyn's for the first time via UberEats a few weeks ago as I was craving chicken wings. I winded up ordering an order of the 10 piece wings with two flavors: lemon pepper and New Orleans Hot. The N.O. hot is similar to a typical hot wing flavor, but with an extra kick! I really liked it as it paired well with the ranch dipping sauce. I also ordered some Cajun ranch fries on the side which were too good!!! Not everyone does these kind of fries well in the city, these were fire though. And of course I had to get a beverage. Since I love tea, I went with the "Nino's Sweet Tea" and it was so so good. Not sure what the special ingredient is in that tea, but I need a whole gallon of it!Wings were ok. Anytime anyone can go in the back while the cook is cooking is a red flag for me. Where is the health and safety.