Do you see how many checkins I have? This spot has my go to soup when I'm sick, the tamarind tofu, my picky youngest niece's favorite soup, the kid's chicken noodle (which has broth, chicken and rice noodles and that's it). And enough variety to feed whomever else I'm with.
The lunch banh mi and soup deal is a good one. And the tofu/avocado bowl is still a favorite. I got the seared tuna the other day and it was delicious with really good quality fish.
The staff is polite and friendly and the whole place is speedy in its turnarounds.I had the silk tofu and the fish trio spring roll and they were both delicious. Service was excellent, had perfect timing with every dish. Also very affordablePretty decent place, and I always enjoy their Sweet Heat Noodles and bubble tea. 
I've had Jazmine a lot since I used to live nearby, and since I've moved, I've used their delivery enough to where I feel I may provide a balanced and informed opinion. For whatever reason, the staff is really irritating over the phone; it always seems like they aren't paying attention, and they ask you to repeat yourself a lot. Talking to them over the phone is like talking to the very first Siri. Also, when you pay by card or place your order over the phone, they repeat a good amount of personal information. Enough to where it makes me uncomfortable, especially as I don't know who may be overhearing. Despite these easy fixes, I'll still be ordering from here, but would tip more if these things improved (hint hint, Jazmine cafe people).Lots of vegetarian options  to choose from.  
I ordered the veggie crepe. It was bland and wasn't stuffed with enough food.  My partner ordered the meat crepe and also found it to be bland.
The staff was polite but not attentive enough. Our waitress took our order and brought us our check - nothing more.  I did appreciate her telling me that my veggie crepe came with a chicken broth based soup and suggested a salad instead.
I think I'll give it just one more chance.Great spot. The outside doesn't do the inside justice. Very good atmosphere and  The service is spot on and picking up for take out is a breeze. The vermicelli noodle bowls are AMAZING and affordable. If you like vietnamese food, I highly recommend Jazmine cafe.I don't know what it is about Jazmine.  I think they put some sort of addictive additive in their food.  
The food, at first glance, isn't so impressive.  I mean that- at a glance- literally.  Because something about the flavors of their food just works and you realize- yes, yes this is just what you wanted and hoped the flavors to be. 
I've eaten here over and over again in the past 4 years.  Let's see....what to talk about...
1. Spring Rolls Galore-  Yes, I know- I've got a thing for a good, soft, hand-held appetizer.  They have like 3 different kinds here- a traditional (not my favorite) the tuna spring roll (yum, but slightly fishy) and a vegetarian spring roll (this one, with it's sweet blend of avocado and tofu with peanut/plum sauce, def. wins).  Their summer rolls- the fried ones- those are good too. 
2. Tasty Pho- if a bit americanized.  This one is easier on the anise than other tastes in the city.  The beef pho is great here because they use a nice flank cut of the steak, and it comes out very rare (to be cooked in the soup, o'course).   No thai basil, but the cilantro makes up for it.  Yum. They also have a chicken pho, for those who aren't fans of red meat. 
3. My Favorite Bun- okay, they call them "noodle salad" on the menu here, but we all know what they're talking about.  My favorite is the sesame steak noodle bowl, but I've also had a love affair with the tuna noodle bowl and the vegetarian tofu avocado bowl at one time or another (the later is something like a giant, bowl-filling version of their veg. spring roll).  These bowls come with a cup of lemongrass soup, which my best friend became addicted to and led me to try to recreate.  I failed, but the salty little blend is exciting and aromatic. 
They redesigned the interior here a year or so ago.  It looks ritzier inside, but the flavors are the same, and the prices are still good.  To be honest, it made me a little sad- based largely in the fact that renovation meant almost a month of no Jazmine 
They've also added to the menu.  I have yet to taste one of the new poboys, but I've heard other customers sing their praises. 
okay, I may have said to much already.  try it- you'll like it!*
*don't try it on monday- on monday, they are closedI was really unimpressed by this place. It was neat that there were so many kinds of spring rolls, but they are very thin and there isn't much in them compared to ones I've had elsewhere. The "house soup" literally has chopped pieces of lettuce in it, which was really strange and not very good. I got the vegetarian sandwich, which I've ordered at many other restaurants. The bread was good, but there was hardly anything in it. The carrots weren't pickled and it seemed like they either cooked the cucumber or it was really old, because it was very mushy. The tofu had an odd texture and unpleasant aftertaste. With the number of delicious Vietnamese restaurants around, I definitely won't be returning here.Definitely not the best Vietnamese, by far.  But, good for delivery as a pizza alternative.
And their options for fresh spring rolls are killer.This is nice, simple place on Carrollton. Though I wasn't too impressed with the food but I think that's because I ordered the wrong thing which was pan fried tilapia that was pretty bland. However, on of my friends ordered the chicken curry which was good and I suggest one of the rice bowls which I hear is a  popular choice.I really want to love this place. When I was a living uptown, this was the closest place for Pho, and would save me a trip to Kenner or the West Bank. Every time though, without fail, the pho would be delicious, but laden with MSG. If MSG is not a problem, then I would recommend this place. The service is super friendly, and the rest of the menu is good. 
The caramelized clay-pot fish is really good, but let's be honest this place is a little more expensive than if you're used to eating in other Vietnamese restaurants like on the west bank. If you're in a pinch though, it'll do.Banh-Mi don't have pickled carrot or daikon, it's there but not pickled. As a result the sandwich distinguishes itself only in blandness. Pho is alright. Nothing great here, but good Vietnamese options in town are scarce.If you're looking for something different, this is the place to go. The Vietnamese po boy is EVERYTHING!!!!I love Jazmine Cafe! Their food is consistently good, and prices are reasonable.
 Pho is solid, especially once you doctor it up with all the accessories. I also love the Vietnamese shrimp salad and grilled sliced pork vermicelli bowl. Combo sushi/salad rolls are interesting and high-quality, though I think a normal salad roll is just as good.
It's a great go-to for lunch or dinner.I came for a quick and light lunch and got the beef pho...yums :) 
It was really good flavored broth, they gave you plenty of noodles and (i could have used a little more beef). but otherwise is was a great lunch. The service was great and our server was very attentive and helpful. So if you're looking for a quick and easy lunch this is a great place to check out.Choices for Vietnamese cuisine are limited in Uptown, but this is a pretty good little restaurant.  I've had the chicken pho here many times, and I love it!  The spring rolls are delicious, too.  I've tried a few other things on the menu, and everything has always been super tasty.  The service has always been fine, also, and the atmosphere is calm and dark.  Parking can be a bit of an event, since Jazmine doesn't have its own lot.Very good & very inexpensive !!! Had the iced green tea, and my friend had the hot Jazmine Tea. Started with an order of Fried Wontons . Excellent! For dinner I ordered the Summer Rolls in Vermicelli noodles, my friend ordered the Hot Glass Noodles with Shiitake Mushrooms, Outstanding !! The server was very fast, and efficient. I give the whole dining experience a 9! It was way too chilly in the dining room :(  I will be back for sure!! Can't wait to try a Mango Bubble Tea!! Yum!I and a friend just came from here for lunch today from working a non-stop 12 hour promotion at the Gretna Mall. Today is Black Friday btw. Needless to say, we were starving and a bit on edge. 
   I knew I wanted to noodles, but oh man did this place hit the spot on so many more levels. It's the complete opposite of a Black Friday Women's boots sale at JC Penny's. It's quiet and organized. It has soft, calming tones and colors. It's healthy and fairly priced at it's original value. 
  Oh and it's DEEEEEELICIOUS.
  And the gift keeps on giving 'cause once you're done, you can merrily skip down to the corner for yummy yogurt without feeling like a big greasy blob of regret! 
   If you're not in the mood for soup-style Pho, I suggest the Sweet Heat Noodles. It's stir fry rice noodles with Chicken, Shrimp, Onions, Cilantro  and peanutiness with the sweet heat sauce. My buddy had a crunchy pineapple salad app, which had a surprise spicy kick, and the Caramelized Shrimp. His description of our meal was "blissful indulgence while trying to glue our brains back together." After a hellish dose of 12 hour mall madness, I couldn't possibly agree more.This place is pretty awesome. The menu is relatively diverse, and the food is good. I ordered the beef soup and spring rolls to go today. Everything was packaged well, and all sauces utensils were included without having to request them. I hate getting back to the office to find out I have no fork or chili sauce.For a Vietnamese place, the pho here was not that tasty (although it was decidedly still pho).  My roommates and I agree it's a very "white person kind of Asian restaurant" meaning clearly altered for mainstream tastes.  
I did have the apple green tea which I thought was pretty good and I also had the seared tuna vermicelli salad bowl which had fresh seared tuna (emphasis on the fresh), but needed more of an oompf for the flavor.  
Overall, I've had better.I cannot believe this restaurant that claims it's a spring hole bar does not have actual spring holes. They are called spring rolls!!!!!!!!!!! I ordered rice under the impression it would be fried rice. I based my decision on not reading the menu properly. Now what I got was simple steamed vegetables and rice. Ummm blah!!! It costs 10$ ???? Whaaaat???
The company I was with ordered soups and those were tasty but nothing to write home about. I live on the east coast so the postage is extra. Ps awkward waiter does know how to run a credit card or true terms of friendship. Overall go there but make sure to get a drink and have some fun. ;;))))I love this place! Fresh, cheap, & tasty. I can't really comment on how authentically Vietnamese it is, but it sure tastes good. The veggie noodle bowl is my jam, and I love all of the different spring rolls they have. The decor is weird (being renovated, but still a little weird) and I think some good music at a low volume would help with the ambience a bit (it's strangely quiet). If you haven't been here for awhile, I'd give it another chance - the service has gotten better, and there's a big selection of delicious spring rolls too. I've eaten here pretty consistently since i moved back to Nola two years ago and I think Jazmine is better than ever.my pho tai was tasty. iced tea was good and strong ( i hate weak tea). and the service was fast and friendly.3/5 boba
eh. it was alright. the ice they use is the slushy kind, so it kinda turns into a snoball at some point. i LOLed at the "vietnamese po boy" though i guess that is a fair way to sell a bahn mi.I went to the restaurant after riding the street car. The service was great, and the food tasted amazing. I got a poboy. It was tasty but- there are jalapeños. I accidentally bit into one. The pho is also good. The broth is especially tasty. The restaurant is pretty and the bathrooms are clean. The service is slow, though.Went for a quick lunch of pho tai (beef noodle soup) with my girls. Started with some pan fried dumplings which were good but nothing special. The soup was a large portion with noodles, sliced beef and usual sides of herbs, bean sprouts, and lime. Service was a bit slow but fine. All good but basic.I am into rolls. I like finger food. Everything rolled into one bite sized piece so you can flip it into your mouth while computing, watching TV, or washing clothes. Great invention next to a sandwich. This place does that well. I have stopped in several times and each time get a nice new roll. The last was the soft shell crab, and a salad on the side. Wonderful lunch. I am going to get some to go and get over to the river for a picnic. Great way to sit, eat, watch people, pets, and ships.
 The rest of the food is OK but go for the rolls. Until they started doing the rolls it was OK but with the special rolls it is a place to go for something a little different then regular Vietnamese or Japanese food.
 The Po Boy is OK better then some but still they need to work on those a little. The best are always found in the East but if you cannot drive there stop in here. Go for the rolls and enjoy something unique.I always come here and the food is amazing! Light, quick, and tasty. Besides noodle soup, they have amazing spring rolls and really good sushi - type rolls that are made without rice and instead rolled in lettuce with glass noodles and other items inside. My description may be terrible and do no justice to the actual item, but trust me it is amazing. 
If you're in the uptown area and want a quick, delicious meal. Stop here!Pretty tasty. Little pricey for the quality, but not bad overall. Eel spring roll should have more eel. Poke is good.This place looks wicked tacky, but don't let appearances fool you. I was with an enormous group of indecisive and picky eaters.  Everyone wanted separate checks (I KNOW, ick) and our waitress couldn't have been lovelier.  
I started with the kim chi, and it was decent.  Milder than I was expecting, but fresh and good.  The jasmine tea was delicious and the pho was excellent.  You could have fed a village with the portions we were served.   Other highlights from the table: the tofu and avocado noodles were delicious, and everyone raved about the house soup.  Everything was a touch milder than I prefer, but on the whole, I'd recommend Jazmine Cafe.Nothing special here folks, keep moving along. I've had better Vietnamese food than this. Reasonably priced in comparison to restaurants in downtown New Orleans.Their staff is always friendly and kind, but the food is a hit or miss. Sometimes, their pho (delivered) has been fantastic. Other times, they noodles are cold and dry, and many of the necessary pho accoutrements like basil, Sriracha and jalapeño are missing. Their chicken curry is loaded but was kind of bland. Spring rolls have always been great though!Grabbed some quick take out from them after reading some positive reviews on yelp. Was not disappointed! Tried the sweet heat noodles, they were able to accommodate extra spice in mine. Mmm delicious. The clear soup was ok, a tad saltier than what I like but that's ok. The place looks nice on the inside. Staff was friendly, both on the phone and in person. Cannot wait to go back and try some pho!Took my teen daughter on a date to Jazmine because she is getting into noodle soups.  Our waitress was very helpful making suggestions on the spring rolls and the soups.  Portions were huge.  Clean, friendly and reasonably priced.This Vietnamese Restaurant is a frequent pit stop for me. It's great on a tightly scheduled lunch break, or if you're in the mood for a light dinner. Never too crowded, so you can get in and out in under an hour if you want,  and has a very polite wait-staff. 
The food is always light and flavorful. Being  a vegetarian is no problem here, as there are many options on the menu. I'd suggest starting with an appetizer of Vegetarian Summer rolls: soft rice paper wrapped around avocado, tofu, vermicelli noodles, and fresh cilantro with the best peanut dipping sauce I have ever tasted. It's sweet and tangy, not at all spicy, with crushed peanuts on top. 
The noodle salad bowls are HUGE and comes with either a soup or salad. (the soup has a fish broth, so I usually go for the salad, which is light and crisp- shredded iceberg lettuce, pickled carrots, cucumber, and a flavorful ginger-sesame dressing) The Tofu-Avocado Noodle Salad is fantastic, served cold, with  fresh raw veggies at the bottom of the bowl, vermicelli noodles, avocados, and fried tofu, topped with that amazing peanut sauce. It's light and refreshing, and you leave full withough feeling like a pig because it's so healthy.
The Vegetarian Sweet Heat Noodle tastes a lot like pad thai to me, but it has chunks of roasted pineapple in it. I love pad thai, so this is also a nice option if you want a hot dish. My friends say the soups are great as well, though I haven't tried one yet. 
It's reasonably priced for the amount of food you get.... An appetizer is around $4.00 and the salad bowls are about $10.00. Jazmine Cafe has this blooming flower tea, and it is so cool to watch the flower bud bloom in the hot water. Very flavorful.
You can have carry-out too, if you don't feel like sitting. The decor is simple but elegant without it being a dressy place. I prefer sitting at their large booths by the windows that look out onto S. Carrollton and the corner of St. Charles. The lighting is dim, but not so dark you need a flashlight to see the menu. 
That peanut sauce has me coming back all the time. It's almost never crowded, so you'll never have to wait for a table. 
Go try Jazmine, it's delish!Love this place! Great food, decent prices, and fantastic bubble tea :) The service is wonderful too, sometimes  they are a little too eager to help (checking back very often), but how can I hold that against them?Quick tips: Menu is massive. Has bubble teas. Has one page of just different spring rolls, most of which only come with sweet fish sauce. Soft drinks are a can and a cup of ice, assuming no free refills on these. Lot of iced or hot teas, including apple jasmine, jasmine, green, black. They bring sriracha and hoisin bottles to the table, so gently remind them if they don't bring yours. 
Been here three times. First time was a few years ago for an anniversary and it was one of the worst dining experiences we've ever had. The service was ridiculous, we were served by a different person each time and brought things at awkward intervals. I got a curry which was a soup instead of a gravy (I expected a gravy curry) and partner's pork was overcooked, like jerky. 
Second time, had some takeout spring rolls. Fast service. Nice rolls. The wrap is extremely sticky, far stickier than what I've had everywhere else or bought at Golden City or through Amazon. The raw fish ones are interesting, like sushi spring rolls. Very fresh but the chewiness interferes with enjoyment of fish texture. Plus they don't give you peanut sauce or soy sauce (hoisin and sriracha though). By default, you get sweet fish sauce. If you want a meal, you may need three rolls to be full, or just get one order of rolls from Bangkok Thai across the street. 
Third time, had some more spring rolls. Lemongrass pork roll was a little too crispy and salty. Tried their spicy lemongrass soup. Great flavor but it stinks! Smells like sweaty socks. Has a lot of chili oil on it, may be too intense if you just want a bit of spice (order pho and add sriracha). Like a less salty pho broth with garlic and lemongrass. Comes with usual pho accoutrements.  Beef and pork in it was tender and fall apart. Had some pork dumplings too, which were good, tender with ground pork, about half the size of a Chinese style dumpling.  Partner tried summer roll noodle bowl, which is just some fried pork rolls over noodle and a bit of lettuce and carrots with fish sauce. He said he loved it and finished every last bit. 
Will be back to try their beef pho. Comparable to Bai Chi. Better places in the area though (Singleton's on Saturdays, Pho Cam Ly on Magazine, Frostee's Cafe in Metry).My first opportunity to try pho! I'm a fan. My friend, who lived in New Orleans during college, insisted we hit Jazmine while we were in town for a conference so she could relive her food glory days of college. I ordered according to her recommendations: the chicken pho and the potstickers (pan fried). These ARE some of the greatest potstickers I've ever had. The pho was very tasty, though the chicken and noodles couldn't capture all of the flavor the broth had. If I'm ever able to go back, I'll experiment with more add-ins to up the flavor profile.I was in New Orleans for the ACHUO-I International Study Tour and my coworker and I took a British client here for a nice dinner and to do some smoozing. We all had a wonderful experience! I was a little hesitant at first, since I was a V to Vietnamese food, but after some convincing from the two other gentlemen I was with I complied. 
At first glance it's a little questionable. The fluorescent pink and green sign is a little red-light districty to me and doesn't scream authentic Vietnamese cuisine. The ambiance inside is average...kind of similar to most other Asian restaurants with typical décor - you all know what I'm talking about. The server was very patient with us, as it took us several minutes to decide on our entrees, we did order a bottle of wine and a couple appetizers. We had the Fresh Spring Rolls that you really can't go wrong with! They are accompanied with peanut sauce that is so good you could drink. We also had the Cucumber/Seaweed Salad and it was divine! I honestly can't remember what my main course was but it was delicious!! It was a recommendation from the server since I told her I was a vegetarian. The other guys I was with completely enjoyed their meals. I'd call this venture a success!
Everytime I'm in New Orleans I try to convince the people I'm with to visit Jazmine Café but for some reason every one has been hesitant. I guess Vietnamese food in a Cajun dominant world might be a little weird but it's TOTALLY worth the trip.
Give it a try! I'll have to go again and remember exactly what I had and update. Until then though, go and then write your own review.I wasn't sure how I'd feel about a Vietnamese food place that also serves sushi, I have to say that I was impressed.  I haven't tried the sushi (still a little gun-shy), but the Vietnamese food has been flavorful, hitting all of the sweet, savory, sour, spicy notes as they should.
The sliced grilled pork with rice has just the right amount of carmelized, sweet/savory goodness, with a touch of garlic.  The veggies are crunchy, and the rice is hot and sticky.  You still feel light after this meal, but it's filling.  If I had to choose, I liked the grilled pork over rice more than the grilled pork with vermicelli noodles (bun).
The pho tai has a deep broth and you're given plenty of basil leaves and cilantro, as well as all the slice jalapeno and bean sprouts you need.  Served piping hot whether you eat at the restaurant or take out, the soup is comforting, flavorful, and filling.
The service is extremely friendly, and you never have to wait long.  If you enjoy bubble tea, there's a decent selection -- I'm excited to try the watermelon slush once the weather warms up.  
See pic.It's all good food. Is Jazmine going to rival anything you'd find on the W'ank or in da East? Probably not, but you should already know that based on the location. There is no Vietnamese enclave in the Riverbend, so of course the menu is tailored more for the American palette. And by that standard, it delivers well.
The pho is decent; that is to say there are much worse places serving it in Orleans Parish. The banh mi are good, and so is the long menu of imaginatively stuffed spring rolls. There's also bubble tea and coffee with condensed milk. All the Vietnamese menu items that most American diners favor, served by a pleasant, cute young staff with no language barriers to overcome.
So, no, it's the most "authentic" Vietnamese dining experience you'll find in New Orleans, but Jazmine knows its clientele (Tulane kids, business lunches, a handful of idle rich), and it does a good job of catering to them.I really love this place. Not only do they have good food. Their entire menu is GOOD. People here are very nice and friendly. Great place to visit if you're ever uptown or just looking to find a place to eat in general. 
I'm very very picky when it comes to Pho. But man this place got it down pack!
TRY THE POKE BOWLS ESP SPRING ROLLS!!!! Must!!! 
Volcano spring rolls taste like it ERUPTS IN YA MOUTH! BOMB ZOT COM!This place is my go to for spring rolls. They have such a wide variety. Servers are very friendly and attentive. The milk tea bubble tea is my favorite. 
I could eat here for a week straight and never tire of it.The clear soup is the stuff of which dreams are made of and it's free with almost every entree. 
Vietnamese Crepes are rollin'. 
Bubble teas are delicious.  
I also like the steak sesame bowl.  Servers are nice and the owners are as well.  I've been going since they opened in 03-04.Love this place but can never get my friends to come. My favorite item on the menu is the house soup, highly recommend.Gluten-free menus! Reasonably priced food! As a celiac I am inherently skeptical of asian food claiming to be gluten free (there's always soy sauce hidden somewhere). Although in fairness, I'm skeptical of pretty much all food not prepared in my own kitchen. I've now eaten here twice and can say I've suffered no adverse side effects. Staff are helpful. If you find yourself at the dinner rush, order a beverage and enjoy your company ( or a good book) I, for one, appreciate the kitchen taking a few extra seconds to ensure a quality product.  This is my new go-to on week nights when I can't be bothered to cook.I've always loved modern vietnamese food, so when I heard about jazmine, I had to go. People told me it was a cheap and great destination for fantastic vietnamese food. The spring rolls, notably the snow crab roll, were delicious, but I cannot say the same for the entree. 
I ordered the grilled chicken vermicelli bowl. The sauces (one spicy, one isn't) were great and the noodles were fine, but the chicken was off. A lot of the chicken was gray and had a funky taste, so I barely touched it. Overall, the rolls seem fine, but I was not a fan of the bowl.
The place is great for fast and moderately priced vietnamese food but I cannot say I had the best experience.This place has ok food and ok pho but probably the most bland and unremarkable pho I've had anywhere.  I've been once and I probably won't ever go again as there are so many better options.  As a last resort if you need some pho and can't escape the river bend this will be your only option.I love the tamarind soup here.  And the tofu & avocado salad is really light and different.  No liquor license but you can get something from the Shell next door if you're in need.This is probably where I dined most frequently during the years I lived in NOLA. They have awesome vegetarian options that I never tire of. My boyfriend, a hardcore omnivore, also loves their food including a lot of the vegetarian stuff. My favorites here are the veggie spring rolls (soft rolls filled with tofu, avocado, crunchy veggies, and rice noodles; served with peanut sauce), the seaweed salad (it is the best seaweed salad upon the face of the earth), the tofu sandwich, the tofu and avocado noodle bowl (same components as the spring rolls) and the vegetarian noodle soup. Oh, and green tea bubble tea! It's always a struggle deciding what to order with so many tasty options. There's a ton of other vegetarian stuff too; I know many people who are fans of the sweet heat noodle (both veggie and meatie versions) but it's a touch greasy for me. More good news for vegetarians: though the little soup that comes before most meals has a meat broth, Jazmine's servers will inform you of this and offer you the salad instead. It's pretty basic but the dressing is tasty.
I have heard it said that Jazmine's food is inauthentic. Who cares? It's delicious.im ashamed i dont come here more often. it was snowing in NO and the soup was on my mind. had the glass noodle mushroom soup-fantastic! spicy tuna and spring rolls-top notch! love this place, take extra time to READ the menu! ask questions! your reward will be worth the extra effort.So... Wandering the Carrolton area looking for lunch before I heading into work I checked out a coupla spots, many closed because it wasn't quite 11. I ended up at Jazmine (I figured why not? it would give me something new to yelp about.)
Meh. That's it. I had a lunch special- vermicelli salad plate with avocado and tofu. It was alright... Nothing to write home about, not much in the way of flavor. The meal came with a soup or salad to start, but they were apparently offering only chicken soup today- nothing veggie, couldn't even be subbed or upsold- so I had a little house salad before my... salad. I guess I needed the veggies, but was a little disappointed since I wanted to try a little more than iceburg lettuce while I was there. 
All in all- I got outta the place for $12, including a 50% tip, so who am I to bitch?MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN NEW ORLEANS! The delivery is amazing: fast, hot, and delicious. The customer service is also amazing, everyone is so nice here. I order from Jazmine Cafe at least twice a week. Their spring roles and pho are hands-down the best I have eaten anywhere! Try it!Two of us ordered Pho Tai (beef noodle soup), spring rolls, vegetarian crepe, seared tuna, and strawberry bubble tea. We didn't expect to finish all but we did, up to the last drop of the soup. Great servers, clean and nice interior. I am an Asian, and this was authentic.Conveniently located and consistently good.  I love the Pho, Bahn Mi and the extensive list of fresh spring rolls.  With reasonable prices and quick service Jazmine is easily and everyday favorite for solid Vietnamese favorites.I've come here at least a dozen times and I have yet to be disappointed by anything. I'm obsessed with the noodle salad bowls and the spring rolls. Everything here always tastes very fresh and healthy. Nothing is too greasy or processed. Love this place.A hankering for pho near Tulane led me here.  The lady on the phone wasn't very accommodating when I requested to add vegetables to my pho ga.  Broccoli? she said. ummm do you have more vegetables? I asked for some pea pods or carrotts...she seemed confused and said they couldn't do that.  I then requested a side of steamed veggies. Side? We don't have that she said.  I'm not sure why its so difficult, but I never got my veggies. 
After that very frustrating encounter, I waited patiently for the delivery (+1 for delivery).  $28 later (for 2 Phos and spring rolls), I was sadly disappointed. The chicken was white meat which I usually appreciate but this is pho, after seeing sliced chicken breast, I quickly realized why the broth was so clear and flavorless. After adding some sriracha and hoisin, it wasn't bad, I'd still only recommend this for Pho emergencies. The spring rolls were also less than desireable. They must have used 2 sheets of rice paper or maybe it wasnt done properly, but it was very chewy and had minimal meat. Maybe other things on the menu are better? I'll give it another try.Sweet heat noodles. And stuffed crepes on a Sunday night.
This was my very first restaurant on my very first night in NOLA.  ...and I hit it TWICE in four days.  Just sayin.'
My gluten-free babe and I had planned a four day eating tour of the Big Easy... but that was before we got here.  (See my review of HJ Airport in Atlanta, just to set the mood for what I felt like by the time we got to NOLA.)  Never mind that some sinus dreck made for an excruciatingly painful landing, and I wasn't feeling at all civil.  A few hours walking around, a ride on the St. Charles Streetcar, and some deep breathing later, and I was hungry.  But wait!  We were uptown, well away from "the" restaurants!
Sometimes life hands you a gift, and it's up to you whether or not to open the wrapper.  That's what we felt like when we wandered into Jazmine Cafe, after a string of no.  Nah.  Not there.  Uh-uh.  No, I don't like the looks of that place.  Nope.  (According to my sweetie, that's what I'd been saying as we walked down Carrollton.)
We started with some Sapporo (I know, Japanese beer at a Vietnamese restaurant...), but it hit the spot.  Next came the house soup, which was glass noodles, shredded lettuce, onions, cilantro, in chicken broth.  Very tasty if not a bit thin, but it really helped to start clearing out the pressure in my ear.  AND it was tasty.  And hot.  And salty.  But not too salty.  And crunchy.  Yes...
My sweetheart got the Banh Xeo, a rice crepe stuffed with pork, shrimp, beansprouts and onions, along with some romaine lettuce, cilantro, and pickled carrots.  I opted for the Pho Xao, their "Sweet Heat Noodle" that came with shrimp, chicken, beansprouts, onions, cilantro and coarsely-chopped peanuts over vermicelli noodles.  WOW.  Sweet.  With just the mildest after-burn.  I really, really enjoyed the flavors of this one!
I probably can't say enough good things about this restaurant.  Let's just say that two nights later, we came back... and we each had precisely the same orders.  It was THAT good.Wow. The best tofu mushroom glass noodle soup ever. Hands down. And spring rolls yummy yum yum. Are you seeing a pattern? I love noodle soup and spring rolls and this place delivers! i wish there was one in Providence - I'd be here 3x week at least! Reasonable and tasty and worth the 45 minute wait for delivery. So get to it!I liked the modern ambience, which was very comfortable. Pho here is enormous, just like most places, and very good. It is served with sprouts, lime, and jalapeños. Also, bubble tea is available which is always pretty fun.This is such a great little spot for lunch! A friend and I decided to eat here, as I had passed this place many times and really didn't know anything about it, other than it is a Vietnamese restaurant.
I got here around 1 and the place was empty, except for one guy sitting alone and eating a bowl of Pho. The menu sounded so good! They have a HUGE selection of spring rolls of all types. I could definitely see myself just making a meal out of 3 spring roll orders, but today I just decided to try the spicy salmon spring roll. I also got a pork noodle bowl salad, because I was trying to keep it a little bit light.
The spicy salmon spring roll was so good! It was unique in the sense that I don't think I have ever had anything like it. It's raw salmon and vermicelli wrapped with some sriracha. It had a lot of kick and was really good after I added a bit of soy sauce to it. The noodle bowl was large and delicious. There were large slices of pork on top of a generous amount of noodles, lettuce and cucumber. It was the perfect meal for a warm September day.
I really enjoyed my lunch here. Like I said, I could have easily made a meal out of the spring rolls- they have the largest spring roll selection that I have seen, so if that's your thing, check it out.
I'll be back!I've never really been so shockingly impressed enough to write a yelp review... I've been here before, but it's been a good 5 years. If memory serves me correctly the menu has changed immensely. It literally took me about 20 minutes to decide because I wanted everything. Huge menu of spring rolls, got the yellowtail.. Amazing! It was simple, fresh, & flavorful!  Then I opted for the spicy lemongrass noodle soup. Wow! So packed with flavor.. I can see if you got typical menu items you might not be so impressed. But dash for something different and you be extremely impressed!!Excellent affordable Asian-fusion / Vietnamese.This restaurant was great! We will be going back soon. The mango jicama salad was delicious. The entree portions were huge. I loved the vermicelli noodle & grilled chicken bowl. The atmosphere was very pleasant, and the service was so attentive.The service was extremely slow. It it priced higher than some of the better Vietnamese restaurants in town. The chicken tastes like Tysons frozen chicken strips. The food was OK but not worth the wait. I do not plan on returning.Delicious, nice restaurant on South Carrollton. Not the best Vietnamese I've had, but still very satisfying. Ordered the Red Curry, and really enjoyed it. Nothing unique about the atmosphere, though, but the service was excellent.I always get delivery and it's always consistently good. I order the same thing every time and it's always right, and fast. The only "noodle soup" they have that is at all like pho that you're used to is the "beef noodle soup" and yeah, the service there is kinda off. But 100% on the delivery.I actually ate at Jazmine for the first time in a while (instead of just picking up take out) and was pleasantly surprised by the renovations to the space.  \
They've added a spring roll bar (not sushi as we thought) and I had a mango based roll which was delish.  They've also expanded their salad noodle bowl selection; E got the seared tuna and added tofu and I was jealous.  His Mom found something pork based that worked with her dietary needs. And I tried the mushroom glass noodle pho.  Everything was tasty and service was fine.
Again, I know this isn't the most authentic but it is tasty and really what else do I need?Always good, occasionally great.  Inexpensive.  Solid pho, always good.  Now they have a spring roll bar.  Jasmine Cafe is a good choice for us if we don't feel like cooking, don't want to break the bank, and don't want a big production.  If you like Vietnamese food, then eat here.  Best pho this side of Chef Menteur.Tucked into prime real estate, this Riverbend restaurant shares the same block as Camilla Grill, O'Henry's and Cold Stone Creamery. It's tailored for Western palates, so don't expect the intense flavor explosions associated with more authentic places. 
Service is fast and friendly ,and the menu has recently expanded offering bahn mi and Po' boys.Very mediocre. I had the tofu and avocado vermicelli bowl. Noodles were too thick and tofu wasn't seasoned well. Peanut sauce was way too sweet. Salad to start was just shredded lettuce (but peanut dressing was at least better than the peanut sauce). I was starving too when I came so was not that picky. Probably won't return. Service was friendly, though.I have been seriously missing asian food ever since I left San Francisco and this did a good job of tiding me over.  I am not going to pretend that it is the most authentic Vietnamese I have had but it was good. The Scallop and Asparagus was very tasty.I have heard mixed reviews about this place so why not give it a shot. They have added poke bowls to their menu so when a coworker and I stopped in for lunch we both decided to try one. This place looks much bigger from the outside. Service was pretty slow during lunch...hence the 4 stars and not 5. I ordered the ultimate poke bowl which pretty damn fantastic. It comes with fresh salmon, tuna, spicy tuna and a whole assortment of goodies. I actually just had it again today for lunch...fyi...it was just as great as take out.An unexpected visit to this place made me regret not coming back sooner, but the first time I went, it was not what it is now--Post Katrina.
The place has gone through a facelift and so has the menu.  What was once panini grilled sandwiches and vietnamese is now JUST VIETNAMESE.
Im glad that there is a great place for some good grubbin.
On the lunch menu, which is so reasonably priced, you get soup with your choice from the lunch menu.  I had the Bun cha gio thit nuong, grilled pork with some cut up spring rolls.  The noodles was so damn yum yall.  Im going back--that's fo sho.
My friend had the grilled chicken vermecelli noodle bowl and I had some of her chicken and it was yumsss.  Not pre-cooked tough chicken but chicken that was just grilled.  Damn it was good though.
The egg rolls that were cut up in my bowl tasted like home-styled egg rolls.  You ask me what that means--well it means that they were not skimpy on the ingredients but made the egg rolls as if they were making it for home consumption.  All the good fixings.
As for the atmosphere, well, it was not crowded and loud.  Dont be fooled by the decor, you gonna get some authentic real Vietnamese food here.  The price for this location is unbeatable and is very reasonable which is good for some of us poor college students who do not have cars to get to the Vietnamese restaurants where most local patrons go to, instead this is like home away from home for Viet food.
Everyone's food that was coming out looked great and probably tasted good because I didnt hear any nasty remarks nor did I hear of any complaints.
The waittress could probably practice not slamming down the bowls of soups, bowls and plates for a change.  It's rather rude and annoying for someone to come by and slam down the bowl when you are in the middle of a conversation.  And yes I was in a restaurant but so what?  That's no excuse for slamming of plates and bowls in front of me.  
The restaurant was properly staffed so that there was no one hovering over you but there was someone always there making sure your food was served, your cup full to the brim.  
The parking is offstreet and they do acccept credit card, cash.  
This is a great place to get off of at the streetcar and munch. Great for large families and vegetarians.  From what I understand they are the only vietnamese restaurant in town that has avocado in their soft spring rolls.   Fresh and yums.  What else can I say?  Oh, the menu has a family style menu as well, meaning they serve carmelized fish in a clay pot with the large sour soups.  Yums.  Ill have to wait for another good opportunity to come and eat there with more people.
Good eatings yallBeen going here for years! NOT good if you're in a time crunch, but other than that I have no complaints. 
Highlights: bubble tea, sweet heat noodles, chicken pho
Cons: service is usually slowPlace is nice exterior/Interior. Great service, But the food is not what you would consider authentic vietnamese food. I have tried numerous item on here. Due to the fact that friends that never eaten here wanted to try. Everything was bland,food is really catering to American people that never had the authentic stuff. Spring roll there have odd things in it, Pho has to much Msg. I probably will not go back here again unless someone pays for my meal. And at that point I will probably order something Bun cha gio. The eggroll over noodle. At least it be close to authentic.Overall, if you have time to run out to Pho Orchid in Metairie, or over to the West Bank, I'd probably advise doing that before eating at Jazmine.
However, this restaurant does have some pretty decent lunch specials.  I like the sesame steak plate - which is roughly $9 and has small steak pieces coated in a glaze w/ sesame seeds on top on a bed of rice with some vegetables on the side.  Its overall a pretty good lunch. I recommend getting the fried egg over the rice for a little extra flavor.
I find that the Pho here is edible but the broth does not brim with flavor like it does at other restaurants. It works if you really need some Pho now - but like I said, if you have time, a slightly longer drive out to Metarie will pay off.Everything that I got was falsely advertised. Crunchy salad consisted of slimy noodles, mushy cucumbers, and mushy pineapples. The bubble tea was not tea. It was a smoothie. I got the watermelon flavor but it tasted like honeydew. The house soup says it comes with cilantro lettuce and noodles. Lol. The soup had two pathetic pieces of lettuce in it. For the rolls, I ordered the snow crab spring roll. They used imitation meat. But they also have an imitation meat roll. I wonder what they use for that! 
Now for the service review. When I told the server something about the crunchy salad they laughed and said "most people like it" and did not remove it from the bill. We had a different person approach the table each time. Which was a total of 4 people. Never will I be returning.Ate there for the first time today and it was really good! Got the egg noodle soup with wontons. I've had bubble tea here before but never stayed to eat. I'm pleasantly surprised it was so good; I'll definitely be back. I will say that I ordered spring rolls (lemongrass chicken and crab) and I was not really that impressed with them. I like shrimp and avocado spring rolls, but the flavor combo of lemongrass chicken, or the crab salad that was in there (I thought it would just be crab without the mayo salad stuff) just didn't do it for me. I've had the bubble tea here before (green tea, today got a thai tea) and it's been good every time.We love Jazmine Cafe!  Have been going here for years and can't get enough of it!  Their pho is the best in the city!  My little boys love the amazing aquarium they have!Great place. The spicy lemongrass noodle soup is the best stuff in the world. The salmon avocado spring rolls melt in your mouth. The staff are extremely nice. We feel like family when we are there.