The service was slow at first. Red beans and rice was delicious....just how I like em. Sweet potato fries great , mustard greans great, and Lamb shank fell off the bone..great! The Reuben was only ok. The best part was that my son paid for lunch!Garbage, I think.  Walked in to a mostly empty place.  Greeted or acknowledged by nobody.  Servers almost exclusively on their phones.  Waited about 10 minutes then vacated to a neighboring restaurant that was interested in serving food and drink.  Hundreds  of great options in NOLA, many on Magazine St.  Skip this diner for sure.I ordered claws; the peon was a little small.  They were good,  but fried in bread crumbs, which is not my preference.  
I also ordered crab and corn bisque.  Again,  good not great.   
The French fries were frozen.Laissez les bons temps rouler mes ami! 
Mardis Gras is just now starting to sober up a bit and nothing can help a good recovery better than a great meal. And, it only takes walking in the front door at Joey K's to understand that this will be a GREAT meal.
I was going to go on about fresh and locally sourced...you know all that great food mumbo jumbo! But then i thought, wait a dang minute. If a picture is worth a thousand words, then these snaps just could be a novel!Really friendly, great fried catfish tacos, outstanding red beans and rice. Nice down home atmosphere. Definitely a must do!Wasn't as impressed with this place as I was expecting to be. We saw this place on D.D.D. And was sold that I had to come. We had lack lusher service and the food did not live up to the hype, I could of skipped this place.We had our daughter's rehearsal / out of town dinner at this restaurant per a friend's recommendation. The guests loved it and the location was charming. We heard they were highlighted in Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and they didn't dissapoint. A must-stop location for anyone in the area!We stopped in on a whim after seeing the sign on the door that said "Sorry we are Open". The atmosphere is great - lots of cute little signs all about to make you smile. The service was friendly and efficient. We started with the fried artichoke hearts which were great and man do they pile it high. After talking to the chef for a minute he said he loves the chicken and red beans, so that is what I had. The red beans were cooked with some ham hock and were very tasty, of course served with rice and the fried chicken on top which was very crisp and tasty. My wife had the Ceasar Salad with Fried Oysters which was a very tasty salad with lots of oysters. We had a great meal and will be back.Excellent little restaurant and bar in the garden district.  Staff is great and the food is excellent.  Prices are hard to beat.  It's not a 5* restaurant but it's 5* on yelp.Service: our server was sweet and very friendly. Quickly refilled drinks and kept up with any and everything we might have needed. 
Food: the onion rings= flipping amazing!!! They were not over battered, definitely not just the average frozen onion rings. The 3 different meals that we ordered were all delicious and a great deal! Just a bit of advice: order the onion rings!!!!!Después de 2 años y medio volví con mi hijo... no se si es bueno o malo lo poco innovador, pero la comida sigue con la misma calidad, el servicio es humilde y cordial, y el ambiente tal como lo dejamos
Volveremos siempre...Just go here. From the outside it could be any dive, but inside it is bright and friendly. The staff is wonderful, the food is just fantastic, from the delicious Shrimp Magazine to some of the best fried catfish I've enjoyed in years.This was my favorite meal in New Orleans.  The menu is not pretentious and the service was fast and friendly.  If the fried green tomatoes with grilled shrimp are on the menu get them!  I'm still dreaming about them and that remoulade sauce they were served with.  A must visit in the garden district.This place was awesome!  Russell, a super concierge at the Ritz, suggested we try Joey's as it was his personal "where the locals" eat favorite.  We stopped in for lunch - The Eggplant Napoleon with crawfish cream sauce was UNBELIEVABLE!  Fried Green tomatatoes with grilled shrimp and remoulade - almost as incredible!  Gumbo - the real deal too!   
The next day, we returned for dinner!  Lamb shank that fall off the bone, fried oysters that melt in your mouth, stewed chicken were some of our picks - Prices are great too!  Don't forget to indulge in the bread pudding with caramelized rum sauce!The food was phenomenal. A party of three of us came in at lunch and we were all impressed. I had stewed chicken which was very flavorful and the perfect size. The restaurant was roomy and comfortable and the service was fast and efficient. The prices were reasonable running from 10-20$ per person.I will go back here again to have the fried catfish!  It was so fresh and well fried...  I wish I had more room, as it was all you could eat.
The lamb shank is good but not fantastic.  The fried chicken is crispy, moist and flavorful!Pretty good food and dessert also.  I love coming here.  The catfish is really good.  So is the potato salad.  I've been so many times but have never had any disappointment in the food or quality.Some locals recommended Joey K's for lunch and I was really excited to eat there. The menu is pretty varied, featuring both Southern and Cajun inspired dishes. Since we can eat great Southern food in our hometown, the bf and I opted for po boys and sweet potato fries. The roast beef po boy was excellent, but the fried oyster one was really disappointing. It was served with mayonnaise instead of remoulade, which made it really bland.  I regret not ordering a Southern dish because I think this is where the restaurant must excel. The service was actually good, contrary to some of the reviews posted here. 
I would definitely try Joey K's again, but my advice is to avoid the oyster po boy and try the Southern food instead.Neighborhood restaurant with good southern comfort food.
Pros
Good comfort food
Friendly staff
Good specials
Cons
Not mind blowing food
Can get a lil too crowdedAte there last night.  Oh how I wish we'd have chosen elsewhere.  Ended up at Joey K's when the place we planned to go a few blocks away was too packed and we were not in the mood for waiting.  My friend said "hey, this restaurant was in DDD"...cool!
Well...the atmosphere is cool...in the front of the restaurant.  Unfortunately, while I made a quick stop into the restroom, my friends were brought to our table...in the BACK corner (while there were plenty of options up front).  It's kinda dungeonesque / psycho ward-ish back there.  Strike One.
We started off with fried artichokes...pretty good.  Can't really mess it up.  Decided on the Lamb Shank which comes with mustard greens and new potatoes.  Although the meat literally fell off the bone and was very tender, it was desecrated by this horrid package-gravy brown slop that was slathered all over the top of it.  Yuck.  That's all I can say...yuck.  The mustard greens were bitter.  My friend cooks amazingly better mustard greens in her crock pot at home!  The new potatoes...well, they're potatoes...again, what can you do to mess it up (aside from letting some of that nasty "gravy" get on them)?  Oh, and what the heck was that weird green gelatin in the side cup???  Yuck, yuck.  The food: BIG Strike Two.
Strike Three: the unimpressive server who never offered refills on the drinks, never brought napkins.  We only saw her appear to bring us the check.  In retrospect, we over-tipped.
Not impressed...won't be back...EVER.Our group of 14 had an absolutely fantastic dinner. The MAC & Cheese is to die for. The service was extraordinary. Our server Kaitlyn was attentive and got the food out to our group so no one was waiting. Can't say enough good things about our experience!I've been eating at Joey K's for years now, and I have yet to be disappointed. Everything from the onion rings to the eggplant napolean to the daily specials are delicious. Everything is reasonably priced too!Don't bother 28th this place unless you like to eat rice disguised as jambalaya.  Also slow service.Home cooked meal.... yes sir!!!! Great food!! I love the fact that it reminded me of mommas cooking. Nothing like REAL mashed potatoes, No wait.... large portions and delicious tea!
No complaints other than bathroom wait.Really really fresh and good seafood. I order food to go everything was nice and hot. The wait staff very friendly. Happy hour margarita four stars. I will revisitI recently went on a Saturday night for the first time. We were greeted immediately by two different servers and offered a round of drinks while we waited for a table. Delicious margaritas in huge glasses! 
The lighting was a little too bright for my dining preference, but it fit appropriately with the laid back, casual vibes of the restaurant. I also really enjoyed the 80's hair band tunes as I ate some of the best fried chicken of my life! The mashed potatoes and green beans were mediocre but the quality and taste of the fried chicken made up for it. 
I was very disappointed with the bread pudding. It was flavorless and was swimming in a pool of sauce. It definitely smelled so much better than it looked. Should've gone with the blackberry cobbler!Joey K's had great service and food. The red beans and rice was excellent! Temperature and flavor was right on point. The Catfish and Shrimp po-boy's were dressed right and seasoned. The best meal on the table was the fish tacos. The slaw inside the tacos was a good juxtapose to Catfish. Great service and very reasonably priced. Will be back!We wanted to check this place out because of Triple D.  We got there and it was packed, tons of people waiting outside.  The staff were friendly and I put my name on the list but it was a gorgeous day and we managed to snag a seat outside.
There were four of us and we started with the onion rings which were big and pretty good.  Two of us got the jambalay and two got shrimp po-boys.
The jambalaya got good reviews although I wasn't too impressed with the few bites I tried, there was too much rice and not enough other stuff.  The po-boys were nothing special.  Maybe I don't like po-boys but I'm not sure.
Overall our food was fair.  I've been to other spots that Guy has visited and was much more impressed.A co worker of ours recommended this restaurant and asked us to taste the Eggplant Napoleon, which was the best dish we ate. We also had the poor boy and fish but they were nothing special. We must have come to the place when it was very busy and late in the evening thus the service was mediocre.Joey K's wins the award for "worst waitress encounter." I went here for a friend's birthday. Myself and one other girl have restricted diets, so we normally wouldn't have come here, but it was a special occasion. I usually prefer to figure something out myself, but she went ahead and asked the waitress for a recommendation. Her response? A very snotty "Go to the Chinese place next door." Wow. I have never been treated so poorly before. We would have left, but it was our friend's birthday, so we stayed and ended up finding several good options on the menu with minor modifications. I guess the waitress was just too lazy to actually help. Since our waitress was kind enough to ask us to leave, I can assure you that I will never go back to Joey K's. In hindsight, I regret being too concerned with not ruining my friend's birthday to say something to the manager and get that girl fired. What an unacceptable way to treat your customers.So I work in the service industry and normally never leave a review. However, though the service was great - the server was super nice and attentive- the food was the worst meal I've ever had in New Orleans. And I live here. Granted I probably ordered non specialty items: the fried artichoke, fries and crab corn bisque, but they were still so flavorless. The fries tasted and looked like they were from a freezer, you couldn't even taste corn, let alone crab, in the bisque. And the fried artichoke tasted rotten. How does that even make it past the line? All I know is that I'll never be back again.Good new orleans home cook'n. Great local atmosphere with local art by Simon. The food is good but not great.Local gem, on busy Magazine St. with tourists (like me) but clearly a neighborhood diner as well. Lots of locals were eating here when we were there, which is a good sign. Very reasonable prices, great food, friendly service.spaghetti and meatballs    mediocre   sauce meh
stewed chicken......very good.....good price
shrimp magazine.....overpriced......very oily.......taste:meh.....
menu needs improvement......use to be able to eat "around"  the menu.....more limited.Wonderful local place.  We go for the fried catfish occasionally - quite good.  This past visit we also ordered fried onion ring appetizer and it was a frigging mountain of food.  The fried catfish are not those slender little filets, but more thick chunks of fish.  The prices is very reasonable.  We both walked out with doggie bags.A* excellent lunch. Fried artichoke hearts, peach sangria, fried green tomatoes with grilled shrimp & huge sandwiches were enjoyed. Located right in the heart of the Garden District. 
Highly recommendSimple diner with great staff. Great Food and beer is very decently priced.  Onion rings were cooked to perfection and all you can eat fried catfish was cooked very good.While visiting the Garden District we asked around for someplace for lunch and was told to come here. It was packed! Cute little place though. We really just wanted a snack so I ordered the soup of the day which was corn and shrimp chowder and my husband got gumbo. After seeing a gal next to me eating mac and cheese (which looked really good as is a favorite) we asked for a side of that too. We each had a drink, my husband had a mint julep and I had a mimosa. Cheap drink prices here! Mimosas were $5! I enjoyed my chowder, it was a bit rich. The waitress did not bring us any bread and no napkins. The mac and cheese was not very good. It was cheesy but only seemed to have cheddar cheese. I only had a bite. I wouldn't return unless it was just to get drinks.I've been here a couple times now. The service is great and everyone is so nice. Personally, I got the eggplant parm and loved it - the server said that the sauce was a little sweet, which sounds like it would be weird, but it was and it was great. 
The menu has a little more fried food than I normally prefer but they have a lot of options.
Definitely a local vibe here! YumWe were really mixed with this review. Usually we're all on the same page, but not here. 
It was perfectly fine. Not memorable, but not bad either. It's food you can get mostly anywhere. That said, it's very kid friendly which was nice. 
You won't be upset if you eat here, but you won't be thrilled either.Joey K's is a very nice,  clean, family friendly restaurant that is fairly priced. The food really does taste like homecoming. I love eating here and try to stop by weekly. 
Also, the root beer float is a real gem. I order it in place of my beverage and make it last all through dinner.Great food, service was kind of slow but very nice and helpful, could use good floor cleaning, food was cooked and in under 20 minutes and was hot!The red beans and rice and the all-you-can-eat catfish are TO DIE FOR! Sooooo good! From now on when I visit NOLA, I know I can't leave without having those two items from Joey K's first.Wow! My family and I were traveling down magazine street looking for a quick, yummy eat and decided to stop here. I got the red beans and rice, which was absolutely fantastic! It comes with a delicious smoked sausage. With it having been my first southern food experience, I can't compare it to anything, but it sure was good. A longish wait is my only complaintWhat a disappointment.  We were so looking forward to a casual southern dinner and had high hopes for this place.  Trout - not bad but the new potatoes were hardly cooked and the vegetables were basically bland broc stalks.  My husband's fish, oyster and shrimp "sampler" plate was one big brown plate of fried food. The lighting was bright and added very little to the atmosphere of the room.  We had many other nice dinners in the city.Friendly and attentive staff! Side Caesar salad ($3.50) was a decent size but had a bit too much dressing. Creole jambalaya ($10.95) was underwhelming with not enough meat. I really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere and would likely come back just for that.Great prices for good New Orleans comfort food. I had the shrimp poboy with a small order of fries and my friend has catfish tacos. The wait was no more than 20 minutes for a busy day. I would recommend Joe K's to friends and family looking for tasty local food at a good price. The atmosphere was comfortable and fun, casual restaurant.Looked them up because of the diners, drive in, and dives show. Great food and service. Had the daily special of fried green tomatoes, wife had soft fish tacos and daughter had the meatball po-boy. Will try something new on next visit. Give them a try.Okay, for starters I LOVE this place! It was my first time going here and I am from up north minnesota area. I got the hamburger steak which is a monday special and it was absolutely outstanding. It came with a side of corn, a side of rice and this really really good sauce that was dressed all over the the hamburger steak!! Also, came with a side of cornbread all for around $11! I was absolutely full afterwards. This was the best meal i've had in New Orleans since i've been here for the past week! Go there and you'll see what I mean.We like to go here because it's affordable and both my husband and I can find something we like. There are some excellent menu items and some not-so-great ones to avoid. As a true southerner, I'm very picky about my turkey and dressing. Theirs is a bit too sweet and lacking flavor. The mashed potatoes need more butter and salt but are okay.  Lots of good food though to be had, like the fried shrimp plate, the onion rings, and the jambalaya The poboys are generous, cheap and delicious. The grilled chicken is well seasoned and comes with a buttery, cajun seasoned side of new potatoes. A good restaurant where you can get lots of food for a reasonable price.We arrived at 1:30pm on a Saturday, only had to wait a few minutes to be seated. The fried green tomatoes with grilled shrimp were delicious. I had the fish tacos, my son had mashed potatoes and gravy and my wife had the jambalaya. The fish tacos were big and tasty. So glad I got them. We all liked the mashed potatoes and gravy and the jambalaya was a big portion, my wife couldn't finish. We'd definitely go back!An all around good neighborhood restaurant whether it is for a casual dinner with friends or even a rehearsal dinner! I randomly discovered that Joey Ks was the best place for my intimate rehearsal dinner. The wedding party had the whole second floor to themselves. The ambience is typical Nola style without pretension. There were hardwood floors and high ceilings plus long glass doors that open to a wrap around balcony that was delightful with the March breeze. The staff was very helpful and even attempted to decorate the tables when I was running late with dropping off my table decorations.
There was a good variety of typical New Orleans cuisine to choose from. Starter was a choice of house salad or Corn and shrimp bisque. Yes their famous fried catfish was on the menu as well as the more exotic lamb shank, pork sirloin or shrimp pasta. Dessert was either peach cobbler or bread pudding. We ordered our booze by consumption but they will work with you if you want to do it another way.
The only cons were wheelchair or walker bound people would never be able to make it upstairs. The staircase is steep and parts of the railing do not feel sturdy.
Also some people may not like street parking. However, I never had a problem finding a spot. Bottom line..since we didnt have wheelchair bound people I would do it again in a hypothetical heart beat.The guests raved about the food and I loved the cozy setting.Very cool place, but the food is just not very good. Was referred to this place by a neighbor of a house we were staying at while visiting. The restaurant is nicely decorated, and you can tell the locals love it. The service was great, but the food was just not good. I can't understand how the locals think this is 5 star when there's so many other restaurants in the area that are actually good, fresh food. 
Guy from DDD is either paid off, or confused.We have probably gone to Joey K's more than most other restaurants in town because I am in love with the all you can eat catfish.
Just a really great spot on Magazine.
Pop in next time you are in the area.First time in New Orleans. Found this place through a search and word of mouth. Excellent food. Great service. Highly recommended. Fairly priced.I was born and reared in nola, and I cook gumbo and understand gumbo. Joey K's does not. please fix it, Joey folks. Brisket and cabbage was great!. Eggplant Napoleon was very good. My friend said the gumbo was off 4 months ago when she was there. If you need quiet, ask to sit in the back.With the hubs and I in the Big Easy for a fun filled weekend, we opted to try this gem (as everyone suggested it!) after checking into our Airbnb!
Located on the corner of Seventh and Magazine, this spot is a hit among locals and visitors alike - and now I know why! 
SPACE/VIBE: so unique to the city - as artwork adorns the walls, rooms are painted bright colors, jazz music plays overhead and wood tables are placed throughout! Although upon entering, the space looks small, it expands to the back and its quite large! The vibe and atmosphere of this little gem, is relaxed, friendly and welcome to all! 
STAFF: Oh so friendly and accommodating! As soon as we walked in, we were greeted with smiles and 2 hostesses that lead us directly to a cozy table in the back! Our server was attentive, friendly and gave us the perfect amount of time to decide on the extensive menu! Although the bar seemed a little overwhelmed, as it took about 10 minutes to get our mixed drinks.
FOOD: There is a large poster featuring Guy Fieri on the wall - which just goes to show this place is loved by many - and boasts a creole/southern menu. I opted for the Red Beans & Rice - as it's a LA staple, and it was beyond delicious! Spicy sausage was the highlight of the dish, as the cut was large and full of flavor! The hubs noshed on the chicken fried steak (smothered with brown gravy), with "nola style" green beans and french fries - which was the perfect blend of spices, fried to perfection and oh so good! I'm a sucker for good beans, which this boasted - as they were salty and included bacon!
Joey K's totally hit the spot for our first stop in Nola!The food is scrumptious and located in the beautiful garden district. The Eggplant Napoleon was so yummy.Amazing place, great food and great service
I recommend on the tuna steak and the salmon steakGreat food, such as: corn and crab bisque with actual pieces of crab, roast beef po'boy with debris, jumbalaya, red beans and rice.
The only disappointment was the overly-sweet mashed sweet potatoes
Friendly service.Wonderful meal. Walked in for lunch after taking the walk on walk off tour bus looking for a place to have lunch. Looked up and seen a poster from Triple D. Ordered what Guy had and it was totally amazing!
Service is outstanding and the waitress was very helpful and friendly.We were visiting from Toronto and wandered in after exploring the nearby shops.  We ordered the chicken fingers, an order of onion rings, and a grilled cheese.  Despite the fact that the restaurant was pretty empty, we had to wait a while for our food.  We did so watching the kitchen, and we could see the chicken fingers and the onion rings sitting under the heat lamp for at least 10 minutes.  It's unclear why as a grilled cheese does not usually take that much time to cook.  When the food came, the chicken fingers and grilled cheese were great, but the onion rings were cold.  We decided we did not want them and the server was very accommodating.  Overall a good diner meal.We came here after walking around the Garden District looking at hold houses and the cemetery. This was a great spot for lunch! We ended up ordering fries, fried artichoke heats and a small salad. Between the two of us, more than enough food! Everything good, service was friendly and it was fairly busy for a weekday at lunch. Would certainly come back to try a more regular meal versus the sampling of apps we opted for. Oh, fair prices as well.My Husband and I had our wedding reception upstairs in the private dining room at Joey K's and seriously had the most amazing experience!  The staff made us feel right at home and the food was so delicious!  I can't thank the Joey K's staff enough, because they truly helped make our day all the more special.  Anytime we come in from Austin, this will be our place.  Anything to have thier catfish again!  Yummers.Such a great place to eat!  Family friendly! Great portions! No wait! They took a group approach to serving us which was quick and efficient!Their fried oysters are pretty decent. Too bad they serve powdered mashed potatoes...The BEST fish tacos, fried green tomato and bread pudding I've ever had. Large portions. Great friendly service. Add this to your NO tripWhere do I even begin with this restaurant. I was visiting New Orleans with a group of students and decided to eat at Joey K's after reading several reviews and looking at the menu online. The food sounded good and the reviews were very good so I called and made a reservation. 
As soon as my group walked in the door we were thrown off. There was no hostess stand, so we had no clue where to go to confirm my reservation. We eventually walked back towards the waitress station and were told to "hold on" until someone pointed us toward our table - actually, our tables, because they seated us in two separate groups.  We finally received our drinks and had our orders taken after about 15 minutes. Somehow, the waitress took the orders for our two tables at different times, so one table had finished their meals about 10 minutes before the other table was even served. 
The arrival of the food was where things went wrong. As soon as I received my salmon salad, I noticed a piece of CARDBOARD in my lettuce. Another person in my group told the waitress, who took my salad away after muttering a "sorry". After 10 minutes I received another salad. While the salmon was slightly undercooked and the feta cheese had zero flavor, there was at least no cardboard this time. I ate my salmon and left the rest of the salad untouched because it was mediocre at best. As for the rest of the food at my table, it was lukewarm and the fried green tomatoes were thin and potato chip-like. One person ordered spaghetti and meatballs and was served a very small child's portion. Average at best. 
When it was time to pay, the waitress brought us one check with all of our charges on it. We asked her if she could split it and she rudely replied "No. We don't split checks." and walked away. On top of that, I was still charged for my salad that was not entirely edible. 
A member of my group asked for the manager, who promptly came to our table and asked the situation. We explained what had happened and she was very courteous and apologetic, which was a relief. She apologized for the poor service and promised to remove the charge for the cardboard salad. She also explained that the hostess usually informs large parties of their policy of their one-check policy when people call and make a reservation. Our group really appreciated her kindness and she did help the situation. 
To sum up, I would not recommend Joey K's. The food was sub-par, the service was slow, and the waitress was rude. While the manager was very kind and understanding, she should not have needed to apologize in the first place.
Update: two of the group members ordered the fried green tomatoes and had bad stomach pains later in the evening.Great food and great atmosphere. I highly recommend. Smoked sausage Po-boy is the best!!!5 stars all the way. Such a quaint, family friendly restaurant and bar. The food prices are fantastic. The food is amazing! One of the best burgers, cooked to order, I have ever had. Also, without doubt THE best smoked sausage poboy I have ever had. The draft beer is served in a goblet or chalice of sorts. Don't pass this place up.So my fish was delicious!  Perfectly fried and seasoned to perfection.  Nothing fancy just plain ol good fish. I came with some colleagues at lunch and the place was packed and the kitchen was backed up. But the good was so worth it I didn't mind.  The trout tchfuncta was delicious and and so were the salads.  Cheap prices and hefty peons,  what more do you need?We went on a Garden District tour and our tour guide recommended this place. It was not a disappointment. We were seated quickly and our server was very nice and helpful. The corn and crab bisque was flavorful and delicious. Do not pass that up. I wish I ordered the bowl instead of the cup. My sampler of roast beef sandwich, jambalaya and red beans and rice was off the chains. The smokiness and the flavor of the red beans and rice was really good. This place was enjoyable. Cool cigar shop a cross the street too, if you're into that.This place is amazing! The food was fresh and delicious. Red beans and rice are great, mac and cheese amazing and cornbread too! Definitely a great spot to eat. Service is friendlyThis is where I take out of town friends visiting New Orleans to get a real idea of great New Orleans no frills food. Their daily specials are always good and they provide great service no matter how busy or crowded the restaurant is.I love this place!  I work directly across the street, so not only is place crazy convenient for me, it's a delicious payday lunch treat every other week! This place is almost always crowded, so you know it's good! Haven't had a bad dish yet, try it all!The Mac n cheese was DELICIOUS! The fried artichokes were very good. The fried shrimp were good. The Magazine pasta was extremely bland. The shrimp remoulade was pitiful. Shrimp were tiny... I though they would be large covered in sauce over a bed of lettuce. It was more of a small side salad with tiny shrimp on top... sauce on side, but it was tasty. Will come back for Mac n cheese and try something new.Hit up the Garden District one day and everybody said there is plenty on Magazine street.... well we went to the first place we saw and it was Joey Ks.  We were both craving a po boy and we had a feeling this place would do us just fine.
Service, totally great and really attentive.  Never missed a beat.
Food, there was A TON!  The hubby and I both ordered Shrimp Po Boys and fries and we could have easily split that lunch order.  We left super full...oh and they gave us cornbread while we waited for our meal, YUM! 
Price, not terribly expensive, the sandwiches are ala carte so you can definitely split a large fry or anything else.
It is not the biggest place, but its super cute.If you like mammoth portions of excellently executed southern comfort food at a reasonable price with great service then you will like Joey K's. An unpretentious little gem on Magazine St. Go do it.Pitstop in New Orleans and had to stop by JoeyK. Great food and nice NO atmosphere. Red beans and rice with sausage was the bomb. Fried chicken awesome! Po Boy awesome! Jambalaya of the hook!! Great flavors all aroundHad surprisingly never been, and I am so happy I finally went!  The gumbo was dark and smoky, but not overly powerful - I liked it a lot. It was a certain type of gumbo that you want sometimes, but not always - great nonetheless. The catfish was the best I ever had - better than Middendorf's (especially since Mid.'s went way downhill since Horst Pfeifer screwed it up). Had some of my friend's green beans and they were FANTASTIC!  The place is small, loud, but sooooo New Orleans. Can't wait to go back!