Very small place and not the best decorated but the food was good.  I got the alligator po boy and my wife the shrimp.  Both were good.  Downside about this place was that the drink machine was broken when we went so we had to get something from their refrigerator.  Also, seating is limited downstairs.We went here for lunch and ordered an Italian sausage, roast beef, and shrimp po boy. All were decent but there is limited seating. Upstairs seating was closed so we sat in the back and it smelled like bleach. Overall a good place for a quick sandwich but better for takeout.Ok, there is a possibility that I will be hated after this, but the po'boy I had here was not very good. I went to this establishment during an August conference I had in the French Quarter; as a California native never having tried any Southern food- because I live in Orange County- I was  excited to try something so Louisiana, but when I got my chicken po-boy I wasn't pleased. I ate half of it because I was hungry, I poured on the hot sauce because the bread was rock hard and dry there wasn't that many other things on my sandwich other than two strips of chicken. Now, while the servers were really nice and let me finish my food even tho' they were about to close. I can't say the po'boy was that good.  I am hoping I just made the wrong choice and should have gotten the seafood one. Well, there's always next time.Today my girlfriend and I split an order of the shrimp po-boy and had a side of red beans n' rice. The portions are definitely large enough to split. In my opinion both were average but my girlfriend enjoyed it more than me. The bread was good but the shrimp were just average, nothing special.A famous sandwich shop that I remembered from over 10 years ago - so happy I found it again on this trip to NOLA.Johnny's Po-Boys is a great little place with a HUGE menu.  Their menu has something for everyone and it's a great place to try something new!
Johnny's is small and a little plain, but the quality of food and the price definitely make up for it.  The menu has an extensive variety of po-boy's as well as other items like seafood gumbo or subs; they also have weekly or daily specials listed somewhere off to the side.  
For those of you unfamiliar with a po-boy, it's a large sandwich consisting of a meat or seafood served on half a french baguette typically with lettuce, tomato and mayo.
If you've never had a po-boy or never had a certain type of po-boy, this is THE place to try it out.  You can choose from the traditional seafood pb's like soft-shell crab and shrimp, or you can pick an exotic one such as alligator!  They also have the tried and true chicken tender, hot dog or tuna salad pb's for those feeling a little less adventurous.  You can get just a sandwich or a combo, and everything is available as take out too.
Some of the meals came out a little quicker than others, and if you end up being one of the lucky ones waiting on your food, don't sweat it!  I ordered the special of the week, the half order soft-shell crab po-boy with a bowl of seafood gumbo on the side, all for about 15 bucks!  I ended up waiting about 15 to 20 minutes for my food, so that did not make me too happy.....especially since I saw the others in my group getting their food very quickly.  Well let me tell you, it was definitely worth the wait!  I got my po-boy plain (no lettuce, tomato or mayo);  a whole order must contain 2 soft-shell crabs as mine was the half and I only got one, but that was more than enough!  I was served a baguette split down the middle with a deliciously crispy fried whole soft-shell crab sitting on top.  They prepared the crab by removing the inside of the crab (guts, etc...), dipping it in breading and frying the entire thing.  The sandwich was hard to eat in one piece, so I ate it open faced.  The seafood gumbo was fan-TASTIC!  Made with entire pieces of soft-shell crabs, large shrimp and crawfish and plenty of veggies and hot sauce, it made the perfect side dish.  It came with a piece of toasted baguette as well and when I used that up, I used the rest of my sandwich baguette to sop up what little gumbo was left.  I dipped the crab in there too; the entire meal was one to remember.......in fact, I'm not gonna lie.....I may day dream about it time and again when I get a craving for some good creole food......and you would too if you tried it!! 
So, in conclusion:  Johnny's Po-boy's =legendary experience!One word--muffulettas.  Awesome muffulettas.  I was here in 1998 and again yesterday.  Hasn't changed a bit.  Amazing food.  The po-boys looked great, too.Not what I was expecting. It's just a sandwich, nothing spectacular. Yes, it's good, but why wait in such a long line for just a sandwich?It was alright.. Got a shrimp po-boy- I wouldn't write home about it. The bread was probably the best part. In comparison to all the other things we tried in Nola, this ranked low.My first time in New Orleans and this was absolutely amazing to come to after exploring the day! I had the Judge Bosetta, it was out quick and I was stuffed! I definitely recommend Johnny's Po-Boys!Felt like I had to try this place since everyone raved about it. I wasn't really impressed with po-boys. I expected that the place would be packed and dirty with a line out the door and it was exactly that. We ordered the shrimp po-boys and they were good but nothing amazing and were fairly dry. It's open late so a good place for drunk munching but don't go out of your way to eat hereI'm new to the world of PoBoys and to be honest I don't really get what the fuss is about. If you're after a giant bread roll stuffed with filling, then 100% this is the place to go. I think they're just not really my thing, probably. The place was full so that's a good sign. Plenty of seating (more out the back, it's a bit hidden) but you could also grab take away and go sit by the river. Cheesy chips looked popularThis place lived up to the hype!!  The sandwiches are well-known are are tasty as hell.  The lines were long and service was SLOW, but this place is frequented by locals and tourists--so I know that had a lot to do with it.  When you go, just be patient & hang in there because it's worth every tasty drop.It's ironic. I came for Po-Boy, but instead, had the best omelet in my life. Even the simple dish:  fried chicken with gravy on top of a biscuit, wowed me completely. The soft shell crab, the reason I came, is also really good.
I wish I live in New Orleans......I came to Johnny's a recommendation from my hotel concierge who rated it as the best location for po-boys in the French Quarter.  The po boys were great, my husband and I both had shrimp and crawfish mixed po boys fully dressed with letter and tomatoes.  However, I was not thrilled with the gumbo, the ingredients were not as fresh, it seemed if they were canned veggies that had been sautéed.  Luckily we arrived just in time, the line was out the door within minutes of our arrival.  The sweet tea was really good, too consider in not very many places in New Orleans serve it.Always a good sign when you see the bread delivered fresh every day. Poboys are great, grits were perfect, and biscuits were moist and amazing. Line moved fast and food came out quick.I just wrapped up my first time ever in New Orleans.  I had never been before and on my list of food items to try, I wanted a po-boy.  We asked around and several locals recommended Johnny's.  I had the shrimp po-boy and I was impressed.  This is a real hole-in-the-wall, which I prefer.  It is small and cramped though.  Service was what it was.  The sandwich was really tasty, the shrimp fried to a nice golden crunch and the meat still tender, and the hot sauce on the table added the perfect kick.Good Po-Boys. Filled to the point that the ingredients fell out.On my recent expedition to New Orleans, I decided to hit up Johnny's based on some trusted Yelpers that had previously reviewed the place.  I have to say, based on the reviews I expected something out of this world.
Instead it was still within this realm, but slightly better than its surrounding parts.  I was super hungry and opted for a full shrimp po-boy dressed (dressed = mayo, lettuce, pickles, tomato), because that's how this chick rolls.  I did come in about 30 minutes before close of business on a Monday, so I was happy that they were even willing to serve me.  I should have known that the quickness of my order being ready could possibly indicate the lack of fresh items I would receive. 
My po-boy was HUGE and a little daunting at first, but when I realized that most of the massiveness was attributed to the bread, I wasn't so scared. Bread and I go wayyyyyy back!  The bread/italian loaf was good but a little too crisp and injured my gums on a few bites.  The shrimp were large, but unfortunately they tasted like the frozen variety of a sea creature that I prefer fresh....I mean this is the gulf coast right???  The other ingredients were fresh, but then those require little preparation.  Luckily I only spent about $12 with a drink, because if I had spent more I would have been a little ticked.
Maybe I should try some of their other options on my next visit to NOLA, but with so many dining options I doubt I'll make it back for a long while.Last stop before we fly back to Dallas. Always awesome, fresh food here at great price! Always crowded & seating somewhat limited. Usually come for beak fast but here for lunch today.Po-Boy was good but too dry.  Shrimp was plentiful but not the best I've had. Over priced. Tips: Cash Only.  No Beer.The best poboy shop in NOLA. By far!Avoid the overpriced tourist traps and eat anything your Cajun food loving heart desires right here. Dozens of po-boys, great breakfast/brunch and dirt cheap. Shrimp grits here is simple, pure and killer good!
Friendly and crazy fast staff, don't let the line fool you, it'll move very quickly. Great, great stop.Johnny's po-boys is definitely a New Orleans gem. I went twice during my recent trip - first for a crawfish poboy and second for the muffuletta. What's great about Johnny's is that they're not trying to be anything special, they know exactly what they are. They have solid po-boys and a huge menu at that. It's a crowded place that can sometimes take a while to get your sandwich, but it's worth the wait. The muffuletta is beyond phenomenal. Their olive tapenade spread for the sandwich is out of this world flavorful - having more than just olives (carrots, etc.). They really do the muffuletta justice - the best I've ever had for sure. 
Don't sit next to the table that's one door down from the restroom in the back though - that's where they put the big garbage bags throughout the day. We sat down and noticed a puddle of garbage water and had to move before our purchases from a day of shopping around the quarter got ruined.Make sure you BRING CASH!!! Tried the roast beef po boy with lettuce and tomato. It's the messiest food I think I've ever eaten in my life. They do give you a  fork which I definitely used. Portion was bigger than anticipated so that was a great surprise. Sandwich breach was soft with a little toughness when you bite it. The gravy in the roast beef is absolutely divine. Some creaminess and saltiness that is combined into a perfect combination. Would have enjoyed some sides that were offered except I wasn't too hungry to begin withWhat a tourist trap. Kind of a dive looking deli. Waited about 15 minutes in line just to place an order to go, then waited another 25 minutes for a couple of sandwiches and an order of cheese fries. The seafood moufaleeta wasn't very good and the shrimp po-boy needed improvement. The oysters,  catfish, shrimp and fries were all fried in the same grease which seemed to be used for awhile. The shrimp tasted a bit strange,  so I ended up tossing the rest of mess in the trash. I wouldn't recommend this place. Although maybe a breakfast sandwich at 9am might be a better choice.If you are on a low carb diet, don't stop here. If you looking for good eats without worrying about calories or carbs this is a must stop on your tour of NOLA.O-M-G is was soooooooo good. Ordered the chicken club po boy and hawt damn...my stomach and taste buds were in love! Is was HUGE and delish! Def worth the visit and the price plus there is so much to choose from. A must for a po boyGreat poboys joint.. Makes me feel like I found a true landmark. Tons of selections.. A melding of locals and tourists... 
My classic shrimp PoBoy was perfect.Pas mal du tout cette petite place bien typique, qui sent l'histoire et le vécu!
Je n'ai malheureusement pas essayé de Po-Boy, mais j'ai pris un Breakfast avec clamfish qui était très bon! L'option Biscuit dans le Breakfast offre un très bon pain moelleux fait maison, délicieux!
Très bon rapport qualité prix et très bon service.
La place se remplit vite, mais les commandes sont vite traitées, en mode fast food
A essayer!My favorite po boy that I tried.  I ordered an oyster po boy, my lady companian ordered an egg po boy (as she was not feeling adventurous).  I am a firm believer that the bread makes the sandwich, and this is absolutely true with a po boy.  Johnny's giant loaf of bread squishes down if you squeeze your sandwich even slightly.  The dressing was great and the breading on the oysters was lighter and not overpowering or too crunchy.  While I didn't understand the choice to order the egg po boy, she has been dreaming about that sandwich ever since.
Pro tip: get a bag and some hot sauce and take your lunch down a few blocks to the park, then fall asleep under a tree for a while.Very disappointed.   The crawfish and softshell crab were over fried.   Just crunchy dried out breading.   You could not taste anything inside the crunchy breading.  The Gumbo was tasty but not hot.. just warm.   We threw everything in the trash and went elsewhare for lunch.  I asked if we could have the Gumbo while we were waiting for the po boys and was told no, that they "would come out together". 
In all of our visits to Yelp recommended restaurants, this is the first one that diid not live up to the reviews.Place is cramped and dirty, and not in a cool way. It has good AC though. Usually there is a long line, and the po' boys take almost 15 minutes to make, but they are made to order. I had a "Judge Bosetta" whoch was pretty big. It's made of ground beef with ground spicy and Italian sausages. It's good but the baguette wasn't fresh, and they charge extra for lettuce, tomatoes and pickles which is annoying. the sandwich ended up costing over 12$ after taxes. Over priced as far as I'm concerned. 
BTW, it's cash only.
All in all, meh...I'd like to preface that the food lived up to the reputation. Everything anyone had in my group was fantastic, but being a tourist trap the line was unbearable, and the feeling of authenticity was lost. 
The real trick was to get everything togo and take it a few blocks away to the waterfront to eat.This is the place to go if you want to try an authentic poboy. Be prepared to stand in line, but it's worth it!i'm a local,  delivery took an hour from a block away. the gumbo is shitty beef gravy with 3 shrimp !!! shit!!! roastbeef gumbo? ?? shrimp po boy, meh! not recommended! bread is tuff, lettuce is possibly from the alley behind mcdonalds, shrimps from the 5day old splooge factory.  gotta be shithammered drunk to enjoy this shitbuffet of pure fucking crapcapades!! wouldn't feed to my neighbors asshole dog that barks all fucking night. 
go to parkway bakery!  worth the trip!!I thought the bread here was dry and flavorless, though my husband really enjoyed his poboy - so they are getting three stars. The shrimp inside was cooked well, and they don't skip on toppings, it just didn't please my palate in particular.Cash and TRAVELER'S CHECKS only (wtf?). I got a kick out of that since I can't remember the last time I've heard anyone reference traveler's checks.
Johnny's is very small and very inefficiently run.  You place your order to the right, and pick up to the left.. so there's just big crowds of people standing around, some waiting to order, some waiting to pick up.. in a small area...
That didn't really bother me, because it's what I'd expect from any hole in the wall po boy place where you are probably going to get the best po boys in town.  I was super excited since I'd never had a Po Boy in New Orleans.  We ordered the shrimp (classic) and the blackened chicken. Somehow they messed up the order and we ended up with fried catfish instead of chicken, which was thankfully very good, but not what I'd ordered / wanted.
I hate to say it, but the po boy was good not great.  I mean, fried shrimp on bread is something you can't really go wrong with so I was expecting something a little extra..something I'd feel like I could only get in New Orleans, and I certainly didn't feel that.  I had a po boy in Mexico the weekend before which was possibly better.
So, Johnny's.. when it comes to Po Boys, my quest for the best in Nola continues.Johnny's ...what can I say? This place invokes memories of as a kid when my grandfather and I would get away from everyone and go to Johnny's to share a Po-Boy together. This place is one of the original po-boy joints in New Orleans and it hasn't changed. My favorites are the shrimp and catfish po-boys. The line can be discouraging, but just wait it out and your taste buds will love you. One po-boy goes a long way, so split one with your loved one or save the left overs for the next day cuz I guarantee it will taste just as good. Add on a cold Coca-Cola or a Strawberry Fanta and life doesn't get any better!
Thanks for the great sandwiches and memories Johnny!!today I witnessed the cook person pulling my smoked sausage for my red beans & Rice dish out of the DEEP fryer.  I guess that was the quickest way to heat it up.
Scratch another lazy french quarter tourist trap kitchen off my frequently visited list.
I had a lack of good judgement and ate it and I had indigestion all day from that meal.
The counter guy taking the order had such a bad attitude.This place is just plain disgusting.   Absolutely filthy with a bunch of employees that obviously hate their jobs.  Food and leftover garbage left out all over for hours!  Took over an hour to get our food once we got in the door.  Completely disorganized staff.
Seafood gumbo was barely even warm and the fried shrimp in my po boy was cold.  Total ripoff as well!!!  Prices are too high!!!
Their are po boy joints all over New Orleans...try another place.
No way I'd ever go back there.
A guy dropped a full beer on the floor that he took out of the refrigerator and it shattered and they literally just laughed and never cleaned it up in the hour we were there. Customers had to walk through and over broken glass and beer!!!  Insane!!!
There's so much hype about this place that they are making fistfulls of cash and as a result, they could care less about the interior, customer service, or quality of what they're putting out.
One couple asked to have tables cleared and a woman came from behind the counter and cleared half the tables and just left the other dirty tables...she could care less.  Unreal.
Seriously, the diviest craphole of a restaurant ever.  SKIP IT!!!!
I'd give it no stars if I could.  An hour to get our food (2 po boys and 2 seafood gumbos (which were awful)). Cash and traveler's checks only as well.  Lame.No frills; expectation fulfilled, and some. Generous (southern) portions, quality ingredients, simple pleasure but a benchmark experience. Take a friend, and have a beer while you wait.The shrimp Po-Boys are the most popular sandwich, so that's what I ordered. I found the sandwich to be good but nothing fascinating about it. The thing cost $15 dollars, I've had amazing sandwiches at other places for around that price that were amazing.We went to Johnny's Poorboys and were very disappointed. The bread was not fresh, the shrimp were rubbery, the roast beef did not have allot of flavor. It also took us an hour to get our food at 3 in the afternoon. Two food tours came through and they took up half the tables leaving people standing a long time. We will look elsewhere for the best poorboy in New Orleans.Over hyped. The po-boys are huge and had a lot of freshly fried shrimp on it. But too much bread and would have been better with some kind of special sauce. Just nothing special about it. Save your calories for other quintessential New Orleans food!Roast beef po' boy...nuff said.Yum yum ! Very casual ! Very small cozy sandwich shop .... But boy is the po-boy good ! Big enough to share but you might want to keep it all to yourself !Start with breakfast for your hangover.  The biscuits are great.  Then come back for a po-boy at lunch.  
It's not the best po-boy you'll have but it competes.   They're big enough to share.  The skin is definitely not on the shrimp, the bread is definitely fresh, the oil does get changed often.  Now, this isn't a guarantee.  I've been here a dozen times and never had a problem.  Some folks may have had bad experiences, but they're likely grading Johnny's on one visit.  The muffy's are awesome too.  Great bread.  Grab one of these if you don't want to run to Central Grocery or one of the other spots.
If you're in the quarter, it's definitely worth eating.  If you're not in the quarter, it's kind of a hassle with the line and no credit cards, so pick another of the great po-boy places.Great sandwich.  Very simple.  Fried meat, lettuce, tomatoes, and bread.  Got the fried pork chop.  Meat cooked perfectly, perfectly crispy and juicy.  Bread was really good and the sauce added just enough sweetness to the sandwich.  Girlfriend fot the shrimp.  Another well fried item.  Biscuit was a little too greasy for me but fluffyI had read other reviews about this place being dirty, but I went anyhow to check the place out for myself. Well, the first thing we saw was a guy in gloves handling a filthy trash can and then proceed to handle food with those same gloves on. 
We walked right out.Stopped in for lunch on our final day in NOLA. We had the fried shrimp po boy and the blackened chicken. Both were delicious. The shrimp had a fabulous crunchy breading and were so fresh and not over cooked. The chicken was tender and juicy. Definitely a must try the next time you're in the French Quarter.I've been here twice for lunch. I like it.  The roast beef poboy is delish.  The debris was great.  I would suggest a knife.  4 napkins.  The reason I wrote this review, however, was for the salad i just finished.  My goodness! The chicken club salad.  Order it. It's got a nice lettuce, a fruit slice, veggies, shredded cheese and bacon.  I did the fried, but grilled chicken would be great too. I do not recommend the blue cheese dressing, it is kraft packets :(Johnny's is a no frills kinda place. Go here if you want a hearty lunch (only open until 4:30!) that will satisfy your po-boy craving. They've got every option you can imagine, and some tasty Cajun classics!Service was fast but I guess that's what you'd  expect.  A bit chaotic.  I had the 1/2 n 1/2 combo with shrimp PoBoy.  Tasty but definitely over stuffed with lettuce and a little light on the shrimp.  More bread and lettuce than I would have liked.  But shrimp was good.  Seafood gumbo was the best part. A little kick with chunks of seafood. Think they can take out the half of crab...takes up too much room and there's no meat, just shell.  It was a good lunch for the price.  Take it to go and head to the River or Jackson square.  Too cramped to Eat inside.WARNING TOURIST TRAP
CASH or Travelers checks only!!! 
The staff is very very rude.
The guy who took my  friend and my order was extremely rude. We ordered two poboys and one drink and it was $31 dollars! 
Now my friend and I actually wanted to get half a poboy and when I asked the cashier he said they don't have half orders. So we were forced to get the whole sandwich. So after paying we were looking around and saw they have COMBOS for half a poboy that includes a side and drink. We were very frustrated because he just told us there was no half sandwiches. We asked the cashier about it and if we could change our order if it hasn't been made.....WELL he looked at me and said it was already being wrapped up. After waiting another 15 mins our food came out.  Let me tell you. THERE IS NOTHING SPECIAL about their poboys nothing!!!! The catfish has no flavor. The shrimp was just average if not less!!! Save your money and go somewhere else! Don't spend almost $35 like we did. Don't believe the hype.Really sloppy Roast Beef. Was very tasty, but the bottom bun was completely soaked and soggy. I realize these aren't supposed to be clean eats, but I couldn't even pick it up. That said, the flavor was great. Gumbo lacked kick.I stumbled upon this place as I was roaming around the city for a short hour.  It was 9am, and was definitely in the mood for lunch cause, well, why not?!  I asked the cashier what the most popular item was and he said a shrimp po boy, and that is exactly what I ordered.  I seated myself at the counter next to the drink machine.  I was surrounded by a good number of people eating lunch too!  I received my order, a huge sandwich with fried shrimp, lettuce, tomato, dressing, and pickles.  I tasted like it lacked some seasoning whether it be pepper, salt, something to give it that umph, but nonetheless a good sandwich for my first New Orleans po boy.All this hype about the Po' Boy sandwich and the Muffuletta, I had to know what the big deal was and what was the difference between the two. We chose to try them both out at Johnny's. A side street in the French Quarter off of Decatur Street. It's a small family-owned place with none of the tourist flashiness. We ordered a Johnny's Special Po Boy and asked for it "dressed"and a muffuletta grilled.
When the food arrived, Ithe Po Boy looked like any ordinary sandwich on french bread. What's the big deal? First bite -- OMG. It's a BIG deal. It was soooo good. I can't even describe it to you. I think the secret is that extra roast beef "debris" they throw in there and the right amount of cheese that melts over the cold cuts. It was so good I didn't want to put it down to try the muffuletta. I didn't think it could compare. Turns out the muffuletta was also amazing. The difference is that  it's made with Italian bread, mozarella instead of American or Swiss and the one at Johnny's uses an olive spread over the cold cut meats. If I HAD to chose between the two though, I'd take the Po' Boy.asked a cabbie in the quarter for a good place to have breakfast near my hotel and he pointed this place out; pork chop, eggs (perfectly cooked medium exactly as I asked for), grits, and a huge fluffy biscuit...that's what I call home cooking; i'm coming back later for a po' boy made out of something else on the menu!Plenty of poboys to choose from here. Pick the one you want and then hunt for a table. Located in the Quarter, but still delivers a locals punch. The lines may be long, but they move quickly and it usually doesn't take long to whip you up a sandwich. 
I would make a suggestion here, but all that I have tried are good. Take your pick and enjoy. Wash it down with an Abita if you are of age.Very good po-boys inside the French Quarter. Lunch line out the door with many sandwich choices on the menu. Had the roast beef po-boy lunch special. Very messy but very good.Stopped in here for a quick breakfast before Jazzfest.  Nothing is quick in this place.  After we ordered, it took over 20 minutes to get our food.  Eggs, biscuits and basic stuff.  They cook one thing at a time on there quite large griddle.  Forget if they start having a conversation behind the counter....everything stops so they can chat.  Grits are less than stellar BTW.Great little place! Nice customer service and food came up fast! I had the lunch special..roast beef poboy and it was delicious! Messy but good! Place was packed!I wanted to eat here but I just couldn't. Not because they were closed but due to the fact that the establishment was unbelievably filthy. The employees looked unkempt where their clothes were stained and rumpled, the tables had trash on them as no one was cleaning them up & the trash near the entrance was overflowing. Also, there were 4 trash bins lined up directly outside of the front door so you couldn't help but take in the scent each time the door opened. The location is extremely small but I've visited other locations on my trip that were smaller than this but I would be willing the eat off their floor. Here? Not so much....
We were told this was THE place to get a po boy but we (my brother & I) refused to eat here because of the condition of the restaurant. I'm usually not that picky but this is where I drew the line. Maybe it was the best po boy in The Big Easy but I'll never find out.Inexpensive  food and good!  Place is crowded and self serve.   But Po boys were greatI've been visiting Johnny's for a few years now, very good Po-Boys, we got the roast beef and shrimp. It was good, the roast beef was hands down my favorite. So moist and juicy. Gotta make sure to get it dressed and with cheese to make it amazing!This place is amazing. Get the seafood muffaletta. Drench it with hot sauce. Also suggest you share with someone if you have a normal size stomach.The line was crazy long out the door at lunch time on New Year's Eve, but it smelled so good!
My wife and I picked up a Shrimp Po Boy and Red Beans and Rice to share. Since it was packed, we got it to go and found a spot along the Mississippi for a little picnic.
Everything was fantastic, but we ordered too much food. One entree is plenty for 2 to share. We left the remainder of our red beans and rice with a street performer who seems to appreciate it.
You can't leave New Orleans without trying a Po Boy, and I'm not sure they get any better than at Johnny's. Worth the wait!I didn't know what a Po Boy was until I walked in but I was determined to eat one before I left New Orleans.  Hailed by the guy we met on the plane and all the other Yelp Reviews, we had to go. All 9 of us. 
Small and unassuming place, more seating for large groups in the back past the kitchen. I ordered the Po boy and gumbo special.  Orders took a bit to come out but when you want hot and fresh food, you wait. 
I ordered the shrimp Po boy, someone ordered the alligator sausage, oyster and catfish. Gumbo was tasty! You got 2-3 shrimp in each cup. Po Boy was big!  That's what she said !!! 
Don't leave NO with out stopping in for a good sandwich!!!We had the roast beef po'boy and bbq beef po'boy. They were both phenomenal. The sloppier the better. The gravy oozed out with every bite of the roast beef. It was delicious.Hey thanks friendly cabbie. Not only did you make me feel better about not remembering where I had my hotel reservation-I made it over a month ago, give me a break but you pointed out where to eat. Obviously this place is pretty popular/touristy but they have different varieties of Po'Boy which is a pretty good sandwich. Since I am in the Big Easy I thought-why not a Gator po'boy. I have to say it was a little different, a bit tough but tasty with a remoulade sauce that I had to say was pretty good. I think it's a little on the expensive side but I'm learning very quickly that New Orleans isn't very cheap. I'll try another po'boy somewhere else and compare. Stay tuned.Fat shrimp poboy and gumbo. Dirty tables that didn't sit evenly on cushioned linings. Sandwich did not have the wow factor, but it had the fill factor. Seems like a lot of people come here after a crazy night out, since they're open relatively early for lunch. Sometime I wonder if it's because the business has been open for decades, and that's why they're so popular. It was a good experience for a po boy New Orleans.One of the people in our party really wanted to try a Po-boy and was just going there to accommodate her. We fallowed Kindrell suggestion to get half shrimp half catfish dressed and with debris. And it was nothing short of amazingI'll make this easy for you, order the muffuletta. I decided what I was going to order before walking through the door and I urged my husband to follow suit. However, he got the alligator sausage Po' boy, and while I sat there in my muffuletta bliss he turned green with envy. (I'm pretty sure I spied a number of other customers peering at my plate with order envy as well.) Fortunate for him, the sandwich is huge and he got half anyway. He wasn't too impressed with the Po' boy, but I feel like in general the Po' boy is overhyped. After all, it's just a sandwich on French bread. Now, the Sicilian immigrants used some magic when they created the muffuletta. The olive salad alone is out of this world. It's salty, and tangy, and adds moisture to the sesame bread. It's a sandwich that you will want a second and third time. Aside from the food, I really liked this shop. It was a mix of locals and tourists, and the locals made me feel like we picked a good spot. I was surprised by the variety of items on the menu...breakfast, sandwiches, gumbo. The checkered table clothes, the eat wherever you can find a seat, and the cash-only policy, reminded me of some of my other small, local, favorite places to eat!Wowwww!  Now I understand the Po Boy.  First time visitors to N'awlins, our hotel recommended Johnny's for Po Boys.  As we walked up, it wasn't clear the joint was open unitl we saw some folks exiting.  It was a little overwhelming and intimidating with so many items on the regular menu, daily specials taped to the display case, and bustling activity.  Prior reading of this board had steered me toward 3 items: soft shell crab po boy (if available), roast beef po boy and a cup of gumbo.  Two of our party were overwhelmed and decided there was nothing there they wanted.  I ordered for my wife and I - roast beef po boy and cup of the day's special gumbo - chicken and sausage.  They were both a revelation.  The po boy was juicy and tasty and the soft bread soaked up the gravy.  So simple, so good.  Beautiful!!  And the gumbo - C'est bon ca!  It was what my family called swamp water gumbo (brown), as opposed to the green okra thickened gumbo.  I went to find my sister-in-law and brother-in-law to give them a taste, but they had wandered off.  I ordered a soft shell crab po boy, red beans & rice, and jambalaya to go.  The soft shell crab po boy was nice, but the jambalaya was bad, and the beans and rice were AWFUL.  Stick with what Johnny's does well and your belly will love you.
Oh, they were selling lots of plates of plates of Spaghetti and Meatballs.  Must be a reason!Saw this on Andrew Zimmern show on the Travel Channel and so glad we tried it!!! The sandwiches were delicious and as most places in the French Quarter it is cash only. We had a few Po'boys in NOLA but this was hands down the best.They probably have the largest selection of different po boys of any other place in the area.  The muffaletta here is now better quality than the one at Central Grocery.  They make decent po boys here but the line is usually way too long for what it is.  The biggest hassle here, other than the crowd, is that they only take cash.  The roast beef po boy is ok but certainly not among my favorites and not worth dealing with the crazy lunch wait with the crowded dining area (they are also only open for breakfast and lunch closing at 4:40 in the afternoon).  This is probably a place you should visit once just to see what all the hype is about but it certainly won't ever be on my regular rotation as it has essentially become a major tourist destination and there are too many other great places to eat for a similar price with much better amenities and you also might even get service for the same price as the no service here. They also have a nice little surprise for folks with their upstairs dessert area that has some tasty treats if you have any room left in your belly after your main course.Seriously good sandwiches- we grabbed some a few days ago for lunch. Tried half a fried shrimp po boy and half a crabcake po boy. Whoa, way too much food. Crabcakes were really rich but I loved them. Shrimp was good but not as special. Do yourself a favor and split 1 sandwich between 2 people! The place was packed and there was a bit of a wait to get our food but it was worth it. Seating inside looked crowded and uncomfortable so we headed to the wharf and enjoyed our food sitting on a bench overlooking the Mississippi. 
Cash only!!!Try the gumbo. Believe me, you need to get a po-boy here but you NEED to try the GUMBO. What a shocker, this place had the best gumbo I had during our entire stay in New Orleans.
I ordered the lunch special combo - 1/2 fried shrimp po-boy with a cup of gumbo and a drink. The sandwiches are huge, and I loved the fry batter on the shrimp - it was crunchy and not greasy. The savory gumbo with rice comes with lots of shrimp - they don't skimp on anything in this city and I love that!Seriously amazing shrimp po-boys, muffaletta, and gumbo.  Busy place, cash only, but totally worth it.