This is probably my favorite brunch spot in New Orleans. The atmosphere was relaxed and very inviting. The food was to die for. The Shrimp and Grits will make your taste buds go crazy ,the absolute beat I've ever had. You must check this place out.Came here for a girl's dinner party of 7 and I think 1/7 was satisfied with their meals. Despite everything on the menu sounding fantastic, things were not executed well at all. Fluffed up gastronomic talk for overly priced, terrible food. On top of that, once our waiter realized he wasn't getting another table for the night, we couldn't get ahold of him for 30+ minutes at a time. For example, dessert spoons were basically thrown in front of us with the assumption we would order dessert. 40 minutes later we were finally asked "something sweet?" To which we all replied "No!," and to which the waiter responded by disappearing once again, only for us to hunt down another table's waiter so we could finally pay our bill and get on with continuing our night elsewhere.  Don't waste your time here, there are so many more flawless New Orleans restaurants. And frankly, the Ace hotel's attitude is not what NOLA is at all about anyway.I had a couple of meals at this restaurant and loved the place. Their homemade pastas are divine and the sauces impeccable.  The fried okra was the best I've ever had.  The menu is very seasonal and when I was there I had a delightful watermelon salad.  I don't usually eat desserts but they had an ice cream I could not pass up.  I also I a gulf fish served on rice dinner that was cooked to perfection.  The atmosphere is gorgeous and the service is quite perfect.My wife took me here on a Friday for a birthday dinner.  Place is a little trendy, bar was crowded and music was bumping up front.  We asked for and got a table in the corner that was a little bit quieter.  Had a great Creole Apothecary cocktail to start; rye, bitters, ginger and more; sweet and spicy.  Apps were the meatballs (great sauce) and beet salad (beets and tomatoes were great, but wish the greens weren't fried).  Instead of mains we ordered 3 pastas; the wife loved the scarpanocc: kinda like a pumpkin ravioli with sage and walnuts.  The bucatini was my favorite; hollow spaghetti with a smoky/spicy sauce.  Also had a pork shoulder rigatoni which we
both enjoyed.  Dessert was a carrot and parsnip cake; the cake itself was yum- the plate was a little too busy, with candied roots, fried garnish, and more.  Overall a tasty and satisfying meal.  Will go back to eat more bucatini and other pastas I haven't tried yet.Had dinner here last night and absolutely loved it!    The endive salad and sweet potato appetizers were delish.   We ordered 3 pastas and all really good.  ONLY not the amatriana sauce is way way way to spicy and i love spicy.  Waiter was really great and so helpful.  My biggest compliment to him was we wanted a bottle of wine and he did not try to push something really expensive but fair priced and great.  Will absolutely be back!Cheese plate, very good. Meatballs were a little salty. The pasta with crawfish was delicious. Our waitress is wonderful! Her recommendations for wine and food were right on!Went here for the second time last night. First time it was me and my husband & last night we were with a party of 12. Service was phenomenal both times! Food was spectacular, we just wished our portion of the sweetbread pasta would have been bigger. Beautiful interior with a very trendy vibe. Pictures on here don't quite do it justice. We love having this place, Stumptown and Ace in our neighborhood. Huge upgrade!I am very grateful for any restaurant willing to try and work with me on a plant-based menu option. The hostess was very friendly and accommodating. However.... these two tiny little takeout portions - a small beet salad and a helping of pasta with sauce - were $30! And the pasta sauce was so incredibly over salted. It was nearly inedible.I recommend sticking strictly with the traditional Italian menu items only. The arancini  app was delectable. Cooked perfectly and full of flavor.  All pastas are house made.  The orecchiette pasta was so delicious, I couldn't get enough. It had just the right amount of spice and shrimp- the balance of flavor was spot on. Pork chop was ordinary.  The bed of beans the pork chop was presented should have been a stand alone dish.The food was good, but THE FLIES! EVERYWHERE! Biggest house flies I've ever seen and most annoying fruit flies. Made it hard to focus on the food, though, it did distract from the terribly slow, inattentive service.My husband and I chose Josephine Estelle for an early anniversary celebration while we were visiting NOLA.  We wanted a change from the southern/creole flavors we had enjoyed over the prior few days.
Really loved the decor and lighting.  Our server (whose name unfortunately escapes me) was extremely helpful in selecting a white wine which went with both of our entrees (which ended up being a perfect pairing) and he was very nice besides.
We had the Scarpinocc as a shared appetizer, and we both agreed we wanted another serving each as our entrees.  Delicious!  The orange accent was just the right touch.
I had the pompano as my entree, and my husband the cobia.  Both were terrific, though he agreed that, while he really enjoyed his dish (a new fish for him), my pompano was better.  We also had the roasted heirloom carrots as a side, and they were very tasty as well.
Dessert time: I had the Pumpkin mousse and he had the Peanut Butter Pie budino.  Both dishes were a perfect end note to a terrific meal.Disclaimer: only sat at the bar- restaurant looked great. Service was super slow, even though there were three bartenders working. Took 30 minutes to get two glasses of wine and although we mentioned we'd like to order food, we never saw our bartender again...so we left. Service bar and bar tables left full of empty glasses.  We had just come from seaworthy and it was quite the whiplash effect.Fancy place but service was slow and food was staggered too far apart. Tailored fit was the cocktail of the night. Not my favorite place in NOLAWe've eaten here twice.   Our first time was happy hour at the bar and we had a good experience.   We tried two of the happy hour pastas and they were both great.   My only happy hour complaint is no salad or bread was available.   The second time we went for dinner.   We tried a meatball appetizer which was quite good and we both had great pasta dishes again.  We saved a little room for dessert by boxing some pasta and found out that they do dessert as well as they do pasta.  Our only regret is that we will want to eat those same delicious pasta dishes again and won't be able to try other dishes on the menu or of we try other entrees we won't be able to have the pasta.   Can't wait to try some other desserts too.Just got back from an amazing meal here. Started with the snapper crudo. It was a flavor explosion. We shared the orecchiette with shrimp. Amazing! I was sorry I had to share it with my friend. I had the catch of the day which was a snapper. Again, excellent. My fiend had the soft shell crab. We finished with the peanut butter dessert. Fantastic. Our waiter recommended a great Greek Chardonnay that I would never have tried. It worked with everything we ordered. I would highly recommend Josephine Estelle.Food was solid
Meat and cheese plate particularly so
Octopus pasta was lovely
All of our issues were with service
Service was strange and slow to begin which was odd as we arrived at 6 and we're the second table in the place
All downhill from there unfortunately
Waiter basically disappeared for long chunks of time never to be seen again
He would then take a request or order and it would take forever to happen
Finally my birthday desert arrived 5 minutes after I finished my desert
A sad and tasteless Gelato served with a spite candle and less than zero fanfare
Adding confusion and sadness for my children who had organized
In a town full of great dining this joint dies not stack up at dinner for $275 with no love 
You can do better
Trust meThe chicken liver pate was one the of best things I've ever tasted in my life. My wife enjoyed her pasta dish and my steak was cooked to perfection and absolutely amazing. I did not think I would be able to finish the steak, it was so big, but my wife took a quite a few bites as she seemed to enjoy it also.Portions were a bit small but the food was delicious. Cacio pepe is a must have.Beautiful room in the terribly hip Ace Hotel serving well prepared food.  Had eaten in the owner's Memphis restaurant and this incarnation is more accessible and egalitarian.  Pastas were exquisite.I stumbled across this restaurant on my way to taking a date to Chophouse. We drive by and liked the way it looked. The large windows and golden hued lighting was inviting. This was Essence Weekend so finding a good restaurant was not easy. We walked in and the music was so loud we almost turned around and walked out. However they sat us by the kitchen and we had a really nice time. The food was good, price commensurate and the drink menu satisfactory. The wait staff was great and since I faced the kitchen, I enjoyed glancing over and noticed the sous chef were having a great time too. It was a very nice experience. Keep it up! I will go back.Awful service. The man working front of house was rude and just terribly unpleasant to deal with. You would think someone in the service industry would be more focused on service...
We cancelled our reservation and left immediately to eat somewhere else.I came here tonight with some friends. This was my third time here and I think the best experience I have had here thus far. We ordered the fusilli, the bucatini, the fall pasta (wasn't called that on the menu but it was mini raviolis with nuts, pumpkin, and brown butter sauce), and another pasta dish with mushrooms and truffle oil. For apps we did the beets and the meat and cheese plate. The apps were great. I also really enjoyed the pasta dishes, all were tasty but we thought the pasta could have been cooked a bit more, more "al dente" style. My friend really enjoyed his cocktails. We also got the peanut butter dessert. It was just ok. I love the decor of this place and the service was good.My food was overly salty...Saltiest pasta I've ever had.  The combo I had for dinner was also not if my liking.  I don't think the pairings were complimentary.Amazing meal. Slightly pretentious but I'll give them a bit of slack   Definitely returning  
Wonderful atmosphere and foodIf I had a chance I would not give any stars!
The ambiance and decoration is really nice, so when you enter you feel like you'll have a nice meal...... We came to New Orleans from New York for the weekend and 
I found this place because of the good reviews on the Yelp and suprised my husband on our holiday's first dinner, it was a bad suprise with $110 check and really bad food and service.
We ordered diet coke for a drink (which was premix and tastes disgusting) and ordered oysters (buttered but smell awful) and shelled jumbo shrimps( I can understand it is shelled but I dont get the idea of bringing the huge shrimps with legs and eyes on it- it was like trying to eat huge cockroach) anyway we also ordered (soggy)french fries like we foresaw our main courses were going to be worst.
Our main courses were swordfish with cabbage and radish (I asked the waiter to change the sides with mushroom and asparagus which caused him to make me pay much more by entering the dish to the check as Scallops!!!!) anyway it took them 1 hour to bring our main courses, after 45 minutes of wait -without any explanation from our waiter Mike- I asked him and he said it will take 10 more minutes because swordfish is a thick fish :)))) of course he can not know that I am a chef and he can come with such a nonsense reason, however Mike there is no fish fillet that can be cooked more than 30 minutes unless it is a WHALE! 
Oh by the way, I did not eat my dish after a bite and our waiter did not even ask about it, but when it is time to get the check, they are so interested about eveything about your experience (!) for the tip!
As I see the open kitchen whole time of our wait for the main courses; the kitchen staff is a bit slow and inexperienced young chefs. 
I think the restaurant is so nice that it deserves a much much better menu with options(with better grammar by the way) and trained staff!
Do not even spend a penny here and go have a much better meal at anywhere else!We ate at Josephine Estelle twice while staying at the fabulous Ace Hotel. (See seperate review for hotel) JE is delicious! Decor is classic New Orleans bistro-ish with a modern twist. Deep greens, golds, tile floors, brass rails, leather banquettes, marble, you get the idea...
The first night we walked in fairly early and grabbed a seat at the bar without a reservation. The bar back had who had on a baseball jersey that night didn't seem particularly glad to be there but our main bartender was delightful, attentive and offered great suggestions.
We started with the tuna ceviche and fried cheese. The tuna ceviche on a bed of Bibb lettuce is recurring dream worthy. Fried cheese is good and a little spicy. 
My Linde Gin cocktail concoction with a bit of sage was inventive and very refreshing. 
For dinner, I stuck to the status quo Ribeye which was cooked perfectly and I polished off the rest for my breakfast the next morning. In other words, it was a decent size. My daughter enjoyed the Gorgonzola gnocchi so much she ordered it for dinner the next night. Hands down, the best gnocchi I've ever tasted. Buttery soft and creamy and a perfect portion to not over eat.
We enjoyed the peanut butter pie which was obscenely decadent. 
The next night we had to try the meatballs which I could have eaten two orders. Incredible. We tried the occhielli AND the rigatoni pastas too! Both were excellent. I had soft shell crab which was lightly fried to perfection and the radishes and fava beans complimented it beautifully.
Our service the second night was great until our waiter got seated a 4 top and a 10 top next to us. Then it really slowed down. He was nice though and very apologetic about our waiting.
All in all, really good food and I'll go back!This place is top notch! We ate there during Jazzfest expecting things to be crazy. It was so professional. Food was beyond our expectations.This place is awesome!  I had snapper sushi which was phenomenal and the sweetbreads which were amazing. I also had the brussel sprouts and the beets which were very fresh and so tasty!
     This is a very hip and trendy place being in the Ace Hotel.  It's a fun fresh vibe and I loved it!  I can't wait to go back!Not really sure what all these bad reviews are about.  Service was great.  All the servers were super friendly.  And it was Friday night. The angolotti pasta with sweet breads was my favorite.First off we stumbled upon this place during happy hour- which made it a steal! My husband and I both ordered the cocktail called Dark and Stormy.  It was superb! Then came what i think is the most delicious thing I've ever eaten: their sunchoke starter.  Our very nice and knowledgeable waitress told us (when we asked how this magic happened) that they boil, compress, then fry the sunchokes to get this amazing texture and flavor.  They are din a dish with creme fraise, dill, and sunchoke crisps.  Perfect balance.  And I love that it's not something I can really reproduce at home.  We tried 2 of their pasta dishes- all their pastas are house made.  Both were excellent! Can't wait to return!Delicious food, gorgeous atmosphere. We tried the duck, the crudo, greens and pasta. Had the quiche for breakfast- all outstanding. The High Priestess cocktail is unbelievable.If you're around the area and want to grab a few drinks before starting your night. I'd recommend coming here. 
Located under the ACE hotel, this place was HUGE. The bar was designed very beautifully and the drinks were amazing. 
Had my first Sazerac here and it was ****strong****. 
The place is dimly lit and had such an intimate vibe.Treat yourself to Josephine Estelle! My boyfriend and I stayed at the ACE for Christmas and had brunch and dinner here. It was that good! While the place was full, our service was excellent and the food fantastic. We did not have reservations but they worked to fit us in and Chris at the bar made our night (and fabulous drinks!) while we waited. Thank you!Walked by the Ace Hotel and this gem of a restaurant caught my eye so the wife and I decided to pop in for a spur of the moment dinner and drink.  First of all the design of this restaurant is stunning.  Beautiful Art Deco finishes, comfortable chairs and booths.  Plenty of elbow room to spread out and awesome sight lines into the kitchen.
We started with some drinks, I had a mezcal cocktail that was perfectly balanced.  Cocktails were definitely on point.  Wife had red wine by the glass.  She was impressed with their list and happy with the price points.  
Food wise we started with the Meatballs and Crudo.  Meatballs did not disappoint rich flavor and not to greasy or dry.  Crudo was almost perfect, hazelnuts, brown butter and sunchokes.  Mediterranean flavor elevates what has become a staple almost every fine dinning place in the country.  Wouldn't pass either of these two dishes up if I was there.
As if I wasn't happy already, the pampano was simply awesome.  I devoured it so fast I don't even remember eating it.  My wife was a little mad at me because I didn't even save her a bite I loved it so much.
I haven't talked about the service yet and there is a reason for that.  The server we had was prompt and polite.  She seemed to know exactly when we need refills on our cocktails and waters.  Our entrees came out almost exactly after they had cleared our apps.  It's the little things that add up to make a great experience and the unobtrusive and perfectly timed service was what put this place over the top.  
I will be coming back when I am back in New Orleans again.  In fact I may just stay at the Ace so I don't have to travel further than an elevator to get here.Liked a lot about thus place. The ambiance is wonderful. It has a nice 1920's art deco vibe to it. The drinks were pretty good. The food was also good. Went with a group of 4. Had the following: crudo, watermelon salad, peppers and a salad with burrata. All of the appetizers were amazing. The crudo was delicious and fresh, the burrata was creamy and flavorful, the watermelon and prosciutto was quite possibly the best thing we ate all night. For dinner we had  a pesto pasta with duck confit, rigatoni with meat ragu, ribeye and blackened grouper. These were all really good too, especially the ribeye and rigatoni. The ribeye was perfectly cooked and the rigatoni had a nice well rounded flavor with a little spice on the back end. The only thing keeping this from a 5 star is the service. It was good, don't get me wrong, but it wasnt exemplary. for the amount we spent, i would expect amazing service. the food was wonderful.Two things in life I love in the food department.  1 is burgers and the 2nd is Pancakes. 
Today I discovered the best pancakes I've ever had. 
I want this recipe so bad. I'll be coming back again and again.  
Cheers to the best pancakesWent there 3.18.16. Good pasta dishes. Salads were fresh and delicious.  Great looking place. It was packed but the service was great. Great addition to the New Orleans dining scene.  Excellent Italian food.i really loved this place until we had a terrible larger group experience. we had 12 with us and when we tried to book a reservation they made it sound like it wasn't possible but when we arrived the place was empty...like literally no one. and we sit down and they hand us specially prepared menus aka "we put all of the same entrees but way more expensive". so we were forced to order group dishes and wait for subpar service for over 2 hours. then when we tipped we left 15% since the service wasn't great and we went to the bar next door. after sitting there the server comes running over and throws our cash at us and says "oh we forgot to include gratuity, you owe more!" and we were like wait what...and he complained about the tip and said we had to pay gratuity and that they weren't use to big parties which is why they missed it...even though we all had settled and closed out. when i spoke to the manager she was less than polite and said she "didn't need" what i was telling her. which is when i left the money we owed and promised to never offer our business again. i get that the ace is hip, but hire industry professionals. not rude hipsters please. y'all charge way too much for it.This review is based solely on MY experience. Went for lunch yesterday- on Saturday around 1:30pm. I was so excited bc several people raved about it as well as the obvious aesthetic factors that bring people in. 
We walk in and approach the hostess who looks up, cocks her head and DOESN'T SAY A WORD. She just stares at us. WTF? So I ask, "Can we get a table for two?" Maybe I'm expecting too much but one would think the hostess would welcome/greet patrons and not  treat them as if they are a nuisance. As if we have to apologize for wanting to eat here. Moving on!
So the place in practically empty and we get sandwiched in between the register/POS system thing and a group of four older patrons. It felt cramped being next to this wall with the POS system. So I ask if we can sit at another table since it appears that 90% of the place is open. The hostess looks around and mumbles something like "um, well I just sat her there..." We point out one of several two tops along the window so we follow her to our new table where she sets the menus down and walks off without looking at us or saying anything. I just don't get this kind of attitude. It's unacceptable. So just to recap, the only thing the HOSTESS said during our entire interaction with her was when she mumbled "um, well I just sat her there" and I'm not even sure if she was talking to us or thinking out loud. The only reason I didn't leave was because I was hungry and it was raining outside. I was willing to put up with a little abuse. 
I just wish the food would have compensated for our shitty encounter with the hostess. Ordered the Blue Sammy- chewy bagel and tough flat iron steak. Would not order or recommend. Shrimp and grits were good. If I do go back, I'll try a pasta dish.Had dinner there last night and the food wasn't good. The meat and cheese plate was skimpy and the NY strip was terrible. They need to spend less time on a hipster atmosphere and more time on preparing the food. One star because the atmosphere and waitress were nice. Other than that there are too many great places in New Orleans to eat than to waste time/money there.Cool spot in the new Ace Hotel. Amazing food but poor service. 
We were A table of 7 and had polished off 5 shared appetizers before receiving wine for the table. The wine(white) we watched sitting out on the waiter stand for 10minutes before I asked another waitress to serve us. 
Highlights
-crudo
-peanut butter pie dessertAppetizers were great! My entrée (scallops) were slightly under cooked and the morels that came with them were not cleaned properly (super dirty and crunchy). Peanut butter pie was delicious. A bit on the pricey side. I'd go back for a few drinks and appetizers.I didn't like being asked to leave so another table could sit. Found that to be highly rude. Drinks took too long to get to the table because the bar was "backed up." The food was great.This place was amazing... The snapper credo was one of the best dishes I've ever had. Great service... 5 stars all around!!!We went for lunch at Josephine Estelle because we were attending the Emerge Summit at the Ace Hotel. The first thing that caught our eyes was the $1 cocktails during lunch! Yes, please! We each got a martini, and they were great. My two friends each got the burger and enjoyed it. I got the Canestri, and it was pretty tasty. I wish there was a little more sauce, but that was my only complaint. It was the perfect amount for lunch, and the prices were reasonable. If it was closer, I'd definitely be taking them up on the $1 lunch drinks more often!I was technically there right after they switched from breakfast to lunch but I had my heart so set on their chicken biscuit that our waiter was kind of enough to let me get breakfast! The chicken biscuit was great, in general the food is a little overpriced- or at least the orange juice is(I could've bought two large jugs from a grocery store at their price). It's a very cute atmosphere though and walkable from the French quarter if the weather is decent!My husband and I stayed at the ACE hotel and decided to check this place out for lunch!! Wow the food was great!! My husband had the soft-shell crab po'boy. He loved both! It came with fries, which were good too! I though the fries could use a little more flavor. I had the Mafalde and omg wow! It was delicious! The noodles were great, like the ridged side of a lasagne noodle. And the sauce!! A little spicy but so much flavor!! What a great dining experience!I have mixed feelings on this restaurant.  I think that the food is excellent, but a little expensive.  Not too expensive, but enough to make you think about whether it is worth it.  However, after visiting three times, I cannot get over the slowness of the service.  On a recent night our drink orders took 15-20 minutes, and when some people at the table asked for extra cheese with their dish, it came out 20-25 minutes later.  We had a large party of 6 people, and so bringing all of our meals at once is hard (though not impossible).  I accept that wait staff will make 2-3 trips sometimes.  But one diner at our table did not get a pasta dish for 15 minutes after the rest of us did.  
The food was excellent.  The pasta is perfectly cooked and the sauces are well done and not overpowering.  The steaks are perfectly cooked, and the seasonal vegetables are perfect.  I just would like for the service to step up its game so that it can be a better experience.Meatballs and Ribeye are awesome, as are the deserts... Cool place to go and eat and hang out...I loved this place - gorgeous dining room, fantastic atmosphere, and cool staff. The food is really tasty, very generous portions. I will go back without hesitation.Wasn't really impressed until the pastas came. They were great. Portions a bit too large...couldn't order dessert even though I was intrigued by the pavlova.We liked the atmosphere in here, it seems fancy. Which should also hint us at fancy portions - as in small! I had the small portion of tortellini which  consists of eight tiny tortellini. The waiter had  said it would be a good size for one person. Maybe he meant for a small person like me. To be fair, when we mentioned the small portion, he offered us a free dessert, but we had set our minds on beignets somewhere else already. He did bring us bread though to fill up a little more.
We also had the meatballs as an appetizer which were good, but nothing special. The hubby had the swordfish which he liked. The presentation was great!
Overall, somewhat disappointed.The waiters are utter dum-dums. Asked if they had any specials and the guy says "What specials?" I said, "Dinner specials? Drink specials? Happy hour specials?" He said "No, we don't have any specials." Well, the person next to me had sat down before me, and a different waiter had given him a menu with happy hour specials on it. So they did have specials. Puzzling behavior. Waiters need to be better informed. If they don't  know, then don't make the customer feel like an idiot; say "I'll be happy to find out for you."
Food was okay. Had the happy hour special, bucatini amatriciana, which was porky, smoky and spicy. It was pretty good but so rich. The meatballs were delicious. French fries were good. Dessert was fascinating, some type of meringue with sesame cream.  No real reason to go back, though.So Shari V and I have been wanting to try Josephine Estelle.  I've seen mixed reviews from totally respectable yelpers.  Menu looked great, so we hit it up for a Friday night date night.
Our server was Pearl.  Let me say, he was refreshing and awesome.  He introduced himself and more importantly, he introduced the restaurant and told us the general theme of the fare.  He gave us some tips on navigating the menu.  Not too difficult, but it helps a first time diner get oriented.  Outside of this great first impression, Pearl continued to provide strong service throughout the meal.  We were really happy with the him.  The service stood out.  5 stars.
For starters, we ordered a beet & stracciatella salad, sformato (I had no idea what this was) and french fries.  The fries are a side that we asked for as an app.   No big deal.  The apps were excellent.  Each bite got us more excited about the coming dishes.  I thought the fries were some of the best french fries I've ever had.  I didn't ask about the details, but they were surely made in-house, likely brined and served with a tasty aioli sauce.  With regards to the sformato, I still have no idea what it was, but it tastes good.  That's important.
Second dish was the Canestri.  Simple creamy sauce with cheese and pepper.  The chef really has to be good to make this dish tasty.  No bold flavors to hide mediocrity.  Josephine passed with flying colors.  We thought the pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was delicious.  
Our split entree was the lamb.  The lamb was good, but only good whenever all the previous dishes have been outstanding.  It was just a bunch of shredded lamb meat.  It was tender, but I thought lacked any marbling to have some much needed flavor.  I tasted mostly salt.  Overall, it gets a 3/5.
I'm not surprised to see the mixed reviews having eaten here.  It seems like the entrees are hit or miss.  However, I fully intend on a repeat dinner.  The apps were so strong.  This place has huge potential.  Next time, I'd like to order either the porterhouse (beast of a steak) or the duck.Something about this restaurant just screams "old world 50's glamour". The decor is modern, yet has a retro feel, the atmosphere is upscale and the vibe is hip.
We were here with a group of 8 for dinner on a Friday night at 8:30. Reservations had been made, so once the entire party had arrived we were seated pretty quickly. I had already glanced at reviews of this spot, so I already had in mind what I was going to order.
We started with an order of meatballs and for my entree I decided to get the Pompano, after reading raves about it. It came with an assorted greens salad on the side. I also got a side of fries. The meatballs were really good- they had a lot of flavor, even though I only had one. I could have definitely eaten all of them if I didn't have a lot of food coming. The Pompano was excellent- it was light with a lot of flavor. I think that the sauce it came with was made from pumpkin and it was just delicious. The side salad was okay, but nothing overly special. The fries were excellent and came with aioli on the side for dipping.
My one small complaint was I wish that the waitress had been a little more attentive to our side of the table. She seemed to be mainly focusing on the other side and it was hard to hear her over the noise in the restaurant. She became more mindful of our little group after we said something, but it took her a minute to get us drinks and fill us in on the menu.
I really liked everything here and this is a great place for celebrating a special occasion or just having a nice date. The proximity to the bar at the Ace Hotel also makes it a really cool place to eat and get drinks.The food was excellent, four or five stars, but the service was awful. We had to wait thirty minutes for our reserved table, and it took an additional fifteen minutes for our drinks order to be taken. The entrees all came out at different times, making it awkward for a party of six, and the wine was late, coming after the dinners were served. Our server was pleasant, but they are obviously understaffed, and for the price we paid the level of service was unacceptance. Service one star, food four or five, average three stars for the dining experience.We ate at Josephine Estelle when it first opened over a year ago and enjoyed the food a lot. The return trip was disastrous because of brutally poor service and only middling food. We went the evening of Thanksgiving, after having our Thanksgiving meal at midday, and were disappointed that the only menu was a prix fixe with the only choice being between fish and turkey for your entree. Only two or three of the usual Italian items were  available on a supplemental menu. That's at least partly my fault, since I could have checked to see if the menu was limited in advance. What wasn't my fault was the incredibly slow and lackluster service. It took over 90 minutes before the entrees were served, and for a solid hour all we were given was a mediocre salad.  It's mystifying how service could be slow with such a stripped down menu. The the turkey and fish entrees when they finally arrived were bland. The pasta dishes we did get were decent. All in all an extremely disappointing experience. I will not return.Ambiance is really great and fun decor. Chicken biscuit was great and the breakfast sandwich was good but you could get it anywhere. Fun for a drink but there's so much good food in New Orleans, you could go elsewhere if you don't have much time.The restaurant is airy and modern. The service was disorganized and erratic. Some wait ataff was professional, some not. The JE  salad we ordered was excellent..the parmesan souffle had what tasted like not fresh crabmeat ( not lump as advertised but small shreds) the " souffle was a tasteless  type of flan. We didnt even eat half. Two minutes after the salad and parmesan souffle arrive that we were suppose to try and share, the three pasta dishes we orderd came out.....so we sent back two to eat after we had the opportunity to finish the first course. The three dishes of pasta were small and are suppose to be for sharing...we were three people...that would have given us each a bite and a half of two of them...the short  rib pasta had enough to share and was tasty. The tomato, spinach was nice but nothing special...as was the crab that supposedly had mint and fennel..neither of which I tasted. The pastas were all homemade and good...it was the execution that was mediocre for two out of three. We then ordered two desserts..the peanut butter desssert was quite good and pretty..the white chocolate dessert was nicely presented but tasteless. 
As mentionned in other reviews, the wait staff is young and hip...and not well trained though friendly and nice.
New Orleans is a mecca for food..JE will have to step it up  a few notches if it wants to succeed in NOLA.I love the atmosphere, what some consider loud I consider lively. 
The food was tasty, enjoyable, excellent portions. 5 of us ordered family style and split the plates. 
Italian wine was excellent, good selection. 
The Pasta was quite delicious. 
Definitely will go back again.Beautiful restaurant in the Ace Hotel. My sister and I visited for dinner on a Monday evening. We found the service to be very attentive. The dishes that we ordered worked well for sharing. Based on previous reviews we had the Snapper Crudo. It was tasty, but I did not feel it held up to the hype. We also shared a side of beets that were extremely tasty. Our favorites were the watermelon salad and the Gulf Fish. The corn maque shoe with fava beans were outstanding. I wanted to pick up the bowl and drink the goodness!  Josephine Estelle is definitely on my list of places to visit again.Do not write this place off just because it's in a hotel. Everything was fantastic!!! I was having dinner alone (party of 1, no I don't want to sit at the bar) and did not suffer anything! Service was attentive but no annoying, food was fresh and appropriately proportioned. I ordered the Nettle Toast and Campanella (small) and was pleasantly full at the end of the meal. I appreciate how fresh and light the ingredients were and how patient the wait staff was with my questions.  Bottom line, GO HERE!!!!Went around 7 on a Sunday night. I would say the atmosphere is "trendy" but what Ace hotels are known for. We had the tuna ceviche appetizer which wasn't my favorite & Tuna is my favorite meal. Something was missing. I had the scallops & my friend had the veal, both which were amazing. We ate every bite. Service was good. I can't say I'll be rushing back but definitely worth trying again.Cool looking place, love the look of it.  My hubby and I ordered the agnolotti which was undercooked and had cheese that had started to turn on it.  I'm a huge fan of aged cheeses but this one had definitely gone bad so we sent it back.  It is worth noting that the portions are TINY, we did the math and it was $2 a noodle for the rotten cheese pasta.  We also got the broccoli rabe which was just ok.  Seemed strange that the broccoli rabe had Asian seasonings at an Italian restaurant, definitely not what we were expecting.  Service was ok but a little "too cool for school" for my taste.  One of the servers was prancing around half naked which I found to be a bit distasteful as well,  I usually don't order side boob with my Italian food and pretty sure her outfit broke most health code regulations.  I really wanted to like this place but it fell short for both my husband and I.I just don't get the 1 and 3 stars reviews.  Dined here on 8/8/18 for my anniversary and had the same ribeye that somebody panned.  Yes, it had fat.  Its a ribeye!  You don't like fat in your steak...go somewhere where there is a filet.  The veggies on top and bottom were out of this world.  Better than the steak.
We got there at 7PM and the fire alarm went false alarm and we had to evacuate to the outside.  No problem...served us drinks while we waited out on the sidewalk.  Sat back down and ordered a meat plate.  Great.  Ordered a bottle of wine.  Great.  The table of four split an oyster plate and a bowl of ravioli.  Main course...two people had softshell crabs and the third had striped bass.  Three rounds of deserts, coffee and after dinner drinks.  A great meal.  Service was great from our main waiter to the support servers.  I even asked for a glass of   red wine to drink with my steak.  Waiter brought out two reds, poured a sample of each and had me choose.  That is service.
Again, surprised at negative comments.  The waiters may be funky and have tatoos out the wazoo, and man pony tails...at the end of the night...this was a fabulous meal.Horrible service, small portions, took us three hours to get our food. It's downtown New Orleans, find somewhere better. Literally anywhere elsa....Stopped in for lunch with a friend as we kicked off our year of indulgent behavior with a Friday of progressive drinking. The restaurant has a great 1950's art deco Miami vibe to it that really sets it apart form anything else in the city. 
As this was a progressive day of drinking we started with cocktails of which I can't remember the names but one was a tequila drink the other a mezcal drink and both were delicious. 
For lunch we ordered the Iceberg Salad and the meatballs. The salad was creamy and packed with shrimp and crab, definitely enough for two people. The meatballs were mouthwatering good!!!! 
To close we had the peanut butter pie I wish they sold this by the gallon and I could just have it at home all the time. 
Will for sure return to try everything else on the menu.Let me start with the absolutely beautiful decor. It quickly puts you in a great mindset. The service was top-notch and the food was great. The absolute star was the dessert. I order the peanut butter budino and I must admit it was probably the best dessert I've ever had. It's a must-try.It's located at the new Ace Hotel and is super cute. I was really expecting a lot from this place, even though I don't know why since it's brand-spanking new. I won't say I was disappointed, but I wasn't about to run home and tell everyone to try this place.
I came with 8 other people, so we ordered a few appetizers to share.
JE Salad ($12) - Would never get again. Would never recommend to anyone. Just wasn't my type of salad. I don't even really know if I could call this a salad. Wish I took a picture for y'all to see. 
Tuna ceviche ($14) - Probably my favorite appetizer of the night. It comes in threes. It tasted really fresh and had a peanutty taste to it. 
Meatballs ($12) - Also comes in threes. Everyone at the table LOVED this. I wasn't expecting much. Just meatballs, right? I don't know what they put in it, but our table could not stop talking about them. The marinara it came with was light and just so good. I wish we got another order of meatballs instead of the salad. Lol.
Arancini ($10) - Our server recommended this to us. It was like stuffed rice balls with cheese. I wasn't a fan. There were three to an order as well and I believe we still had two left when the dishes were being taken away.
For my entree, I ordered the Wagyu Ribeye ($28). I like my steaks rare. When it came out, I'm pretty sure it was moo-ing. Which in my eyes, is perfection. So, no complaints there! It was seasoned well and was HUGE. Definitely worth the money.
Scallops ($26) - cooked to perfection. 
Gemelli ($13) - just had one bite of it. But that one bite was enough. I thought it was a little bland, but the person who ordered it, devoured it. So, I guess it couldn't have been that bad.
Blueberry crostata ($8) - I don't know what I expected it to be, but it was just kinda weird. Not that good. Their pb pie budino ($8) though... Omg. It was heaven in a cup. Very rich in flavor. 
I read some reviews that said the portions are really small. I think for the quality and price, most items were the perfect sized portions. I would probably come back for drinks because it was really such a cute place, but I did leave feeling underwhelmed even though you probably couldn't tell from my review. Ha.I stayed at this hotel (The Ace) and had two delicious brunches at this place. First a very reasonable priced and delicious croissant breakfast sandwich with a great spicy bloody mary, then the second day we all got the croque madame since we missed the breakfast/brunch hour. The service was very helpful and attentive and not overbearing. The only comment I would add is that I wish they had more breakfast/brunch items on the menu on all days since that really limited our options.Food was ok. Service was lacking. The server seemed to have tables all over the place. Our food took forever and our drinks were empty most of the time. It took over 2 hours to eat our meal.Amazing service, delicious drinks, and spectacular food. We had a long list of items on the menu and none disappointed. We have been to Andrew Michael before and we enjoy Josephine Estelle just as much (saying a lot as AM is my favorite restaurant in Memphis). Looking forward to my next trip to New Orleans so I can get back to this spot!Dined with friends and we did a great deal of sharing. The starters were excellent. None of us chose salad so cannot give opinion on salads. We did share a number of pastas. The taste of the cream sauce was excellent but the Rigatoni was very very salty. It was close to not edible. The trout dish was excellent but the steak presentation was odd, we enjoyed the steak itself (though slightly over cooked) but not with salad cooked on top of it. Not one for the true steak lover but definitely not bad. The dessert was also good. We especially enjoyed the peanut butter pie-pudding. We did not have wine but enjoyed several cocktails. The drinks were well made SMS fresh ingredients. On the whole, I'd like to go back for some more of the pasta dishes.We went on a Thursday night.  The restaurant was about a half to 2/3 filled for the 21/2 hours we were there.  There has been an incredible amount of hype on the Chefs behind this restaurant.  Our expectations were crazy high, so maybe we were over reacting in our disappointment.
 The atmosphere of this restaurant is comfortable, cool and creative.  A great place to hang out and drink!
Our server, Erin. was superior.  She understood the food and genuinely seemed to love the place she works.  She had a grip on the wine list. Erin was the best thing about the meal.
When perusing the menu I was surprised that nothing really caught my attention let alone tempted me.  When my friend arrived we studied the menu like students trying to find something we really wanted.  We settled on 2 appetizers and a pasta to share with plans to go on to a shared entree. 
We started with the tuna ceviche.  Nothing wrong with this... nothing special.  This was not a typical ceviche, rather there were three little boats of boston lettuce shells filled with a sort of melange of lettuce, marinaded tuna, cilantro and jalapeño. The great advantage  this dish had was that it was so much better than our other appetizer choice...
Fried Cheese, this was a weird little circle of tasteless cheese , proscuitto, apple butter . Unpleasant in texture, bland in flavor...  When  two people sharing a 4 inch circle of cheese leave half of it something went very wrong.
The selection of entrees seemed strange and for me weird.  I do not eat beef so that was not an option.  However the people next to us ordered the steak and were very happy with it. 
I am looking for a new Italian restaurant so we shared a pasta. The bucatini was cooked to perfection.  The red sauce which had a pork base and chili oil was just okay.  We shared, leaving a third of the Pasta in the bowl.  We stopped ordering at that point.
This a cool place, with a great attitude , the food is supposed to be italian with a Southern Twist.  We did not get that. We left hungry, nothing really "hit he spot".  Josephine Estelle just opened, I will go back because it is a congenial space , the staff is great and I there is so much sincerity at play I will try the food again in the future, especially if the menu starts to change.Horrible experience! Very unaccommodating and rude. Staff acted like we were inconvenience. Great food tho! Did not feel welcomed :(Solid. Came for brunch. Fairly standard brunch menu but well executed. The service was good and the room is very nice. I liked the coffee a lot.  Not a bad choice for brunch.The meals are designed for three course so the portions are small. I wasn't willing to pay 70 dollars on a meal so I just ordered one pasta. It had rabbit in it. It was well prepared, the rabbit was soft And the meal was very delicious. Next time I'm in New Orleans I'll come back.This is a fabulous place for a New Orleans twist on classic Italian food. The dish with peas and rabbit was amazingly refreshing. I loved the pasta with pork shoulder and a home made red sauce. The cocktail list was always strong and the overall ambiance of the restaurant was phenomenal. It is a great place for a romantic date, and the decor is classy, retro, and always a point of conversation.Enjoyed Breakfast here!  There wasn't seating in restaurant but full service in bar area which was great!  We were waited on promptly ! We ordered breakfast Sammy which was delicious and friend ordered the oatmeal which was good too!Josephine Estelle's is a great restaurant and the food is always exceptional and Meegan is the best waitress.  Make sure you ask for Meegan when you go.  She is awesome