I love tacos. That simple. Juan's offered me variety while still catering to my simplistic needs. I opted for a strawberry margarita and some hard shell fish tacos. I was so hungry, I forgot to take a pic. I'll be back soon!Jauns is a great NOLA staple, I lived around  the corner from them and am a frequent vistor. The service is consistant, the food is delicious, and the wait is obnoxious. Its definitly worth the fuss!Service here is pretty awful 75% of the time...Cool place and good food. Even had a server plop down beside me in my booth to tell me if I had an issue I should just tell her to her face instead of leaving her a note. (Which also included a 20% tip) I wasn't aware the guest was supposed to tell the server how to give good service...??Funky tex-mex place filled with tattoo covered waitresses. The food was very good, fresh ingredients, good sized portions at a reasonable price.Awesome place, generous amounts for a reasonable price. We went to the one on Magazine and Josephine on a friday night. Wonderful atmosphere, music and nice ambience. The food was great and our server was very kind and allowed us a lot of customizations. I wish they didn't grind their guac, I prefer hand squished. The shrimp fajitas I ordered were very good. Their drinks like mojitos and mimosas also had a generous quantity.
Would definitely visit again.I don't know how I've never reviewed this place!
One of my favorite places in the city, it's a California-burrito-style restaurant with its own funky New Orleans vibe.  Burritos, enchiladas, quesadillas.  Great selection of veggie/vegan friendly stuff.  Come here hungry, even the salads are huge.OMG freaking delicious!!! This place bills itself as a "creole taqueria," and it delivers on flavor. I had a sweet n' green quesadilla on my first visit, and the cheese enchiladas on my second. I really appreciate the vegan options too, though I didn't try them. The staff were friendly and helpful when it came to deciding what to drink (strawberry frozen mojito is pretty yum), and the ambiance is fun and funky -- rock music, tattooed servers, colorful chalk writing on the walls, and upcycled lighting fixtures. Wish I had a place like this at home!!!Love this place, but just wish I was a little more "hipster" to fit in with the crowd (not really)Amazing food. I got the flying enchiladas and they were some of the best ones I've had! Crazy good local Mexican food!Absolutely amazing. They are a casual gutter punk themed Tex Mex restaurant. The food is so good. The flying burrito is the ultimate. Fish tacos are super good as it is blackened/grilled mahi mahi, not the fried (and quite frankly less flavorful) Sonoran rendition. They also come with a house made mango salsa that is AWESOME. 
The shrimp and spinach salad was surprisingly good. The only thing I have against this place might be the guac, which by all accords tastes fine, maybe even good. But the color of the stuff makes me wonder how long it's been sitting out after having been pre-made. Regardless this place still deserves a stellar rating.Pork tacos. Chips & green salsa. Draft beer. 
Need I say more?  Also a big fan of the Juan's Taco Salad. Again, with the green salsa.Delicious and HUGE burrito. Very authentic compared to the "mexican" we get in Boston (where I live). The frozen margaritas were also delicious (though a little sweet for my taste) and also HUGE. I would definitely go here again!Cool place.  Service was good/fun and friendly.  The customers all having a good time too.  We each tried something different. We shared the pork and slaw and also original flying burrito.  They were both good, but the pork stood out hands down.  A definite place to try again.After a less than stellar experience at the Mid City Juan's location, I still wanted to eat at JFB. So, I headed to this location. After getting the "why the hell are you here" experience at the mid city Juan's, I was immediately greeted and sat at this location. Within a minute of me sitting down I had a water and my order taken. Chips and queso hit before I could load my email and my entree came out a few minutes after I finished the chips and dip. Waiter was in good spirits but wasn't checking on me every 30 secs(this is a good thing). Food was great, service was spot on, complete 180 from the experience at the mid city location. I will only frequent this location in the future, they have always been consistent in customer service!I love Juan's when I need some good, tasty food.  My favorite is a mango mojito (frozen of course) with the pork and slaw tacos.  They are spicy in a Nola kind of way.  But the pork is perfectly juciy and the slaw has just a little crunch to it.  If I am feeling crazy, I get the chicken verde enchiladas.  Either way, if you want consistently yummy semi-mexican with a little nola add in for flavor...Juan's is the place to go!Juan's is great. I recently moved to New Orleans and was craving some queso dip. I got a recommendation from friend and I was definitely pleased. Although I could fill up on chips and queso alone, I have ordered the shrimp tacos or shrimp burrito every time I've been. I brought my family, who was visiting for Christmas, and they all loved it. Our favorite Mexican restaurant back home closed last year, so they haven't had a good Mexican food fix in awhile. They want to come back here on their next visit, and we went to several other more upscale places. This was their favorite! Sundays they have double margaritas for $5 which is a great reason to visit that day.Hawaii 504 nachos were awesome! Inexpensive margaritas. Definitely recommendOmg I live this place the super green is AMAZING!! I was on heaven as I chowed down for 10 minutes better than any Mexican food I have had in LA!"It's not like what we're used to, just a matter of being in New Orleans, but it does the trick," whispered my friend Mark as we walked inside.  What he said.
It was a new experience getting a Cajun style burrito, but also being served my burrito by an actual waiter.  What?!  Our waiter was fast, nice, and very tolerant of our group sitting for a long time talking med school.
The guac was good, but the chips could use some work.  I had the Al Pastor with carnitas, onions, pineapple salsa, sour cream, jalapenos, cilantro, pinto beans and rice.  My burrito was surprisingly very tasty and had great depth of flavor, but wasn't very well wrapped (I hate it when they fall apart on me!).  It did the trick.It's always busy, but what's not to like?  Pretty good "Tex Mex" style food with reasonable prices and cheap margaritas during happy hour.  The chicken enchiladas are quite good, as is the jerk chicken burrito which is another of our go-to items here.  Guacamole is decent, and while not everything on the menu is a home run most items are quite good - for what they are.  Not traditional or authentic Mexican, not even authentic Tex Mex, but a New Orleans version of it.  Table service can be hit or miss, but welcome to New Orleans.  Bar service on my visits has always been good including for takeout.
I wouldn't necessarily travel long distances to get here, but it's hard to go wrong with Juan's when you need a fix.  Well done.Cheap and great food! I've pretty much tried everything and everything is great. My favorite are the red fish tacos and the frozen mojitos!Fun, funky place in the Garden District.  The food is really fresh and good.  We went back twice while we were in town.  We'll be going there the next time we're there.The pork and slaw tacos were very good. They hit the spot! 4 stars bc I did take out and they forgot my drink. They have so many other good looking options on the menu. If I'm ever back in NOLA, hopefully!, I will stop by again to try some of there other items.Not too bad, we had guac and chips + 2 entree (flying enchiladas and flying burrito). Quite good but nothing astonishing. 
We ended up around 40 Bucks for 2, which is decent.
The kitchen looked a little dirty though, So it kind of pushed me back a little on the overall. But judging by the number of customers, no one was paying much attention!Jerk chicken nachos, queso, chicken quesadilla--couldn't be any better! Amazing guac as well. Very reasonably priced.Great food, shit music (heavy metal!?), and shitty of shittest service. Bar tender is awesome! Tip the man! Chick who served me today (bartenders GF) didn't give a shit about my questions, seemed more of an inconvenience that I was asking about what was in the food (gluten and dairy intolerant). Ordered the shrimp taco (quite nice, huge portion), she brought it out... on wheat tortillas. Questioned it, sent it back. I gave no tip to her at all. Gave a tip to the bartender, he actually spoke to me like a human and smiled. Girl needs a career change, because customer service is not going to be very financially rewarding with such a horrendous attitude. Especially when she gives 0 fucks about peoples FOOD IN-TOLERANCES.Good old trusty Juan's.  I've lived in the neighborhood for 8 years and cannot count how many times I've been there and enjoyed prompt service, great food, and their nice prices.  
I'm giving it 5 stars because it knows exactly what it is and owns it consistently.I have to start this review by saying that we had just eaten at Commander's Palace the night before. Fast forward 12 hours...I have NEVER tasted food so good in my LIFE! I ventured and tried the Hawaii 5-0-4 nachos and a single pork n slaw taco (on the side just to try)! For those who know me, I don't EVER order anything that I don't consider "safe", aka cheese enchiladas, chicken fried steak, pepperoni pizza, etc., but I am SO glad I did! The grilled mango and pineapple salsa were the items that must have put this place on the map! I HATE mangos, but the combination of sultry flavors are what makes these nachos a dish! I've never seen pork on nachos, so it intrigued me. And whole sliced avocados to boot! Their pork is "off the charts" good! People who talk about the bland food...well, quit ordering the "safe" chicken and cheese quesadillas and let your taste spuds appreciate everything else this menu has to offer. And OMG, the pork n slaw tacos! Ahhhh! I was happy with the mild indigestion I had while walking it off! lol Purple cabbage, salsa, cheddar AND pepperjack cheeses complimented the grilled tortilla and shredded pork so well! If it weren't 6 hours from home, we might go back every weekend!Always nice! Really good food and the budget is "easy!" Bar/Waitress are good servers and friendly. It is so nice to eat and to enjoy "Channel."I love Juan's! One of my favorite Mexican spots in New Orleans. The one on Magazine has a fun"rock and roll" environment and some of the best margaritas in town. I suggest getting a pitcher and splitting with friends -- great deal. Also, I can't recommend their chips and queso dip enough - delicious! 
I went last night with a group of friends and the servers were incredibly accommodating as well. One friend and I arrived first and asked to join tables with a larger group mid meal. Our waitress (I wish I remembered her name. She is petite and has red hair and tattoos) was particularly kind - she brought us an extra chips and queso on the house, which we appreciated so much. Made our experience even better.
Some of the entrees can be a bit heavy so be careful before going too "wild." Definitely check Juan's out when you get the chance!Okay, so i've been here more than five times in the past month and a half so I feel like i can write a better review.
i've noticed that Juan's tends to get super busy after 8:30pm. Really, they'll be a wait outside. It's important to note: you have to sign up outside and then wait for your name to be called. Don't wander inside to inquire about a table or you may be ushered outside quickly making your head spin. 
Also, the aforementioned mean waitress has recently become a bar tender and makes an awful-watered-down mango margarita.
But, all the other waiters and waitresses have been wonderfully nice! Just try not to sit at the table in the back that is right up against the waiter(tress) area because they'll be putting napkins and drinks up against your back all night. 
Food has still been good. Yes, it's nothing amazing. But it really does hit the spot when you're craving a quick burrito. The wet burrito is beans, rice, tomatoes, lettuce, etc in a burrito that is covered with cheese, sour-cream, and jalapenos. Bet you can't eat the whole thing! I never have.Wasn't too sure how much I'd like the place with a name like "flying burrito", but I really did!! I'm a San Diego native and threw down the gauntlet with Phil, he totally came through! I had fish and shrimp tacos and they were fantastic. Not only did I enjoy my meal, but my entire party of five people with discerning tastes all enjoyed their meals as well. If you want actual Mexican food with a Louisiana touch, Juan's Flying Burrito is your place!Every time I end up in NOLA, I hit up Juan's Flying Burrito. I'm from Los Angeles and Mexican food is abundant in my city; so you would typically expect someone like me to venture away from it while on vacation but IT'S THAT DAMN GOOD you just have to try it. 
I usually order a Juan's Flying Burrito and get it wet. So huge and filling, enough to feed 2 people. It has a great flavor, it's not bland at all. Their drinks are delicious and so are the homemade paletas (ice cream bars). You must try one of them.
The quality of service is also good. Attentive staff and the wait time is minimal.
So why 4 stars and not 5, well again I'm from LA and I'm use to getting my quality Mexican food for dirt cheap in my city. So based off comparison it's a 4, but stand alone they deserve a 5.The food is decent, though by no means the greatest or most original burritos that I've seen or had. But it is a good price for what you get for the most part. If the review were based on food alone, it'd be three or four stars. 
What killed it for us was the service. 
Maybe it was a bad night for our server, and maybe there is a really good reason for how we were treated. (I've worked food service, I get it; people can suck, and sometimes it feels personal, and it sucks to get blamed for stupid crap.) But this was just bad service in every possible way. We waited, and waited and finished our appetizer before our server even took the order for our entree. Our order was wrong, but it took so long for the server to come back and check on us that we gave up and just ate it. I can understand when things are busy that it isn't always possible to check-in with guests a lot, but more than once during the whole meal would have been nice. Long story-short, even if the food hadn't been wrong, it wasn't service worthy of a big tip. 
What killed it, though, was the server grabbing our credit card slip from the table while we were sitting there, looking at the tip, and then belittling us for not rewarding the crappy service better. Real classy.Great food in a fun neighborhood. I may be giving this place a higher rating due to nostalgia, but I always eat here when I visit New Orleans. There are a lot of cool shops and bars in this part if the city, but this is by far my favorite place to eat. The restaurant has great ambience, the staff looks like they could front punk bands but are still nice, and the food is good. Also, the blended drinks also get the job done.  Highly recommend.I love Juan's.  It may not be authentico, but it's fresh and the drinks are good.  The service is usually decent and fast as well.  It's not fine dining; adjust your expectations and you may enjoy it too.Growing up in Texas made me love Mexican food.  I've been to some good Mexican restaurants, and I can confidently say that Juan's is one of them.  The Gutter-Punk burrito is great for its price ($6.95, hot damn), their fajitas are solid, and the chef is extremely generous with his nachos.  The menu is mostly Mexican, but it has some characteristic New Orleans flavor (Jerk Shrimp and Mango Salad, Jerk Chicken, Mardis Gras Indians Tacos), which is nice for out-of-towners.  The drink menu is pretty extensive and unique, I would recommend shelling out a few extra bucks for a margarita or a Juan's Donkey. Especially a Juan's Donkey.  I'll be back soon to give them more of my money.Love juans! Great food! Great drinks! Great atmosphere! Definitely will be a regular.Those of you seeking authentic, south-of-the-border Mexican may want to look elsewhere because Juan's ain't it. That said, they don't exactly claim to be. This is creole Mexican, and as such must be judged as a different breed entirely. I walked in without specific expectations, and therefore was not disappointed. 
I ordered the three amigos nachos without cheese or yogurt. The server, hinting that the dish might be boring without the dairy, offered to have guacamole added in place of the cheese, so I said sure. I kinda regret that because they ended up dousing the chips in an ungodly cascade of guac, but hey, it was my own fault, and I did manage to remove some and thus locate the other components. The tofu was smoky and delicious and the salsa was quite tasty. The beans, as well, had good flavor. 
And did I mention the portion size? This mountain of chips and toppings was a thing of beauty--nothing short of epic. I barely finished half! Prices are super low for what you get: only 7.25 for my meal!
So bring your appetite, leave your usual standards for Mexican cuisine at the door, and you'll probably go home happy.Juan's is a staple here in Nola and after one visit you will see why. Everything on the menu is delicious and the margaritas are some of the best in the City. I love the nachos. So good and so much food.Happy hour specials, including $1 PBRs if you wanna keep it cheap. Staff is very friendly and on point, and the food is amazing. Came here at the recommendation of hostel staff, and was not disappointed.Been a few times, enjoyed the quesadillas and sangria pitcher. Might even be better than ChipotleOh yum!!! very good, very fresh!! We had the chips & salsa - the salsa was very tasty - good chunks of tomatoes, etc fresh squeeze of lime juice... mmmm & I had the wet burrito - wow - very tasty - ALOT of food - could not finish that sucker! My honey had chicken tacos & he gave me a bite of the chicken - very nicely seasoned - very tasty!! we went at lunch & enjoyed the atmosphere! 
Still freakin' awesome - last couple of times got their Juaha Roll - a "sushi" roll with grilled chicken, spinach, avocado, salsa, jack and cream cheese rolled in a spinach tortilla - sooooOOOOOOOO good!!!!! mmmm addictive!!! Yum-freakin' OOOOO!!!!I might be biased being from California, but Juan's doesn't do much for me in the burrito department. I ordered the super burrito (with sour cream and guac) with steak and there was no sour cream and barely any guac so I had to ask for more. It was pretty tasteless and definitely nothing to write home about. 
On the other hand, the queso is pretty good and I have had the nachos before and they are pretty good as well. Overall, will not be returning and you can find better burritos at Chipotle and better nachos at Rum House.I'm always sketchy about eating at new Mexican food places, but after going here with a friend, I was sold. The chicken tacos are amazing, but the margaritas are even better. And for happy hour you get a large one for $5!Solid 4 star joint. Would give you 5, but your music can be too loud and I don't care for it, lol.  Food is ALWAYS great and consistent. Wet burrito and taco salad are our comforts here. The tacos are also very good.Yum... signature burrito. Juicy healthy. Just come and eat. Waitress nice service. We ate there between breakfast and lunch as a snack. They cut it into half and serve the two halves in two separate baskets w/o we asking.Great. Great. Great. It's is great at what it seeks to be and prices are very fair. Nachos were fresh and all of those whom I went with (5) were very happy with what they ordered. Waitress wasn't the best and seemed to not like her job very much but she got us everything in a timely manner so she did do her job.Came across this cute place and food was great! Service even better! Great assortment of tacos, burritos, chimichangas, and more!This place was actually good. The chips and queso were amazing. I had shrimp tacos that were better than expected. My wife had a chicken quesadilla and it was great. This particular location was lowkey and chill. I would recommend this spot to everyone.Juan's Flying Burrito was very good to eat at, but also muy hipsterville... not that that's a bad thing.Went here for the first time last night and wasn't disappointed.  It was hoppin' (Saturday night), but we were seated immediately and had beer and chips within a few minutes.  I got the flying burrito, mainly because it had shrimp, chicken AND steak.  It was delicious, but it'll be with me for another day or two if you know what I mean.  Great place for cheap/filling eats and beer.First off. I am a huge Lucero fan and when you go into this place they have an old poster from 2002 I believe. So that made it  for me to begin with. I had a Al Pastor Burrito and it was pretty darn good. I will go back for sure.I was super happy with this restaurant! I went for the first time with friends and it was delicious! The service was quick and prompt. We were seated immediately and had our orders taken as soon as we sat down. The server really made the experience even better though. She explained what each meal was, answered all questions, and refilled before we even noticed we needed a refill. She was so kind and polite. Our food came out quick. I ordered the Flying Enchiladas which came with three types of enchiladas. I was beyond happy with the service, food, and affordable price!My friends and I were wandering around the Garden District and stumbled on this place. Great food, great service, and a lovely, lively atmosphere. Would come here all the time if I lived in New Orleans!A great place to be. The motto should really be "come hungry, leave happy" because it's an amazing experience every single time.Yes, I am a fan of Juan's and have been for a very long time. I love its casual vibe and for me it's the best Tex-Mex in the city for the value. 
Salsa, guac and queso all get an A+ from me, as does the Habanero Pineapple salsa. Seriously put it over everything! 
My favorite items are the burritos and the pull pork tacos. You can't go wrong with any of the burritos, even the veggie ones are good and you can add meat to them if you want. 
Last tip, whether you get the well margaritas or the top shelf they are ALL strong! So, stick to the single or if you're in a rush get the double it will get the job done.
Ps. Sorry there are no photos of the food as is my custom but really all burritos look the same.This place is one of my fiance's favorite places. The happy hour double shot house margaritas are really good. I had the red chile chicken and goat cheese quesadilla and it is awesome! it comes with a side of this white, creamy, cucumber salsa and I loved that!! Yum!!! My fiancé also loves the flying burrito, the fish tacos, and basically anything else you can order here. He eats her three times a week! I will definitely be back.Te amo, Juan's. Your burritos are filling, and your drinks are... I can't recall, but I know they are good, too. Check out the vegetarian options, which are plentiful, including the veggie punk and the Mardi Gras Indian tacos.This place is still my go to Mexican restaurant, but I guess they're trying to appease whiney people by filing down the sharper edges of the atmosphere, which is a little disappointing but I can't blame a business for trying to draw a larger crowd. If we didn't have any uptight cranky people in the world we'd probably have a lot less tourist spending money here in New Orleans, so be it :DI very seriously have no clue how people give this place a bad review. I moved to Louisiana last year, and I ate juan's the first day here, and I've gone back at LEAST once a week since. The food is amazing if you're not boring and like to try their unique dishes. 
Be adventurous if you're going to go. The music is only loud at certain times of day (when it's slow and they feel like enjoying their music; it's understandable). The wait staff is great, there's only one girl there who I have an issue with, she tends to ignore my politeness and pay attention to my boyfriend. I mean, if you like him, be a little less rude about it. Anyway, everything is amazing here, the food, the art, the atmosphere, the location, etc. oh, and their back outside area is pretty cool too.
I recommend this place to EVERYONE and honestly, if I could live upstairs and never have to cook again, I ABSOLUTELY would!!!!
Favorite place to eat ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also, for anything that I think people might wonder when thinking about coming here:
- The atmosphere is "rock" I suppose, they play some hipstery music sometimes, some metal stuff, some hair band stuff, all kinds of stuff.
-The waiters/waitresses are mainly all tattooed, they're all very friendly, it's mainly all ladies with the customers and men in the kitchen [you can see the entire kitchen, so you know they're not spitting in your food or anything, haha]
- They have large booths, small booths, and tables with chairs.
- There are tvs with movies/shows on and occasionally sports playing. They actually turn the captions on so you know what's going on.
- They have awesome desserts, delicious cupcakes and popstars! [unique popsicles]
- It's very family friendly, considering I ALWAYS see families with kids in there. [Never seen any annoying/loud children though, thank god] There's also a kiddo menu.
- The outdoor seating is nice and plentiful, there's only two tables out front, but there's more out back! It's fenced in and you don't have the homeless walking past you giving you looks.
- The wait for seating is never too long and it's always worth it.
- You can pick up food to go, and they have togo cups for drinks [which, it sounds stupid to bring up, but sometimes buying a fancy drink isn't worth it if you don't know if you'll be able to finish it before you leave]
- The waitresses never ever make you feel guilty if something isn't the exact way you wanted it. I've had my taco's soft shell a liiiittle too toasted [so they'd crack a little when I went to pick up the whole thing] and they've been VERY polite about the situation!
- AIR CONDITIONING AND FREE WIFI, THANK THE HEAVENS!!!!
- The cups your sodas come in are HUGE and you'll likely not ever need a refill.
- Parking is never an issue, there's plenty of residential side streets with no meters.
- The specials boards always change and have mouth watering food on them, order that stuff, you won't regret it.
Okay okay, sorry. Now it's obvious how much I love the place, hahaha.Invisible, clear cheese?  OK , Momma didn;t raise no fool.  I like cheese, that is why when you asked me if I wanted cheese, I said yes.  Cheese improves the flavor of most foods, foods including the tacos I ordered.  That is why I was miffed about not having cheese on my tacos.  Extra miffed when you tried to blow smoke up my ass and said it was on the bottom, melted.  You think I am THAT dumb?  Forty two years of eating well didin't give me hips like this for nothing!  Well, minus 2 for the silly lie you really should not shit a diner like myself.  My husband was embarrassed for you.  Minus one right there.  Now, please remember for next time, the Mrs. likes the cheese, not the invisible, clear, and tasteless cheese, BUT the pre packaged, pre shredded cheddar style cheese.  Thanks again Juan.This is a great little New Orleans style neighborhood Mexican spot. It was one of the first places I sought out when moving from a different state, 6 years ago, and it hasn't changed much! Delicious fresh food  at a great price! Tasty mojito's & I want to try their Popsicles this summer! I love love having this place in walking distance!! I'm a regular.. My favorites are the pulled pork tacos!I had the gutter punk with  guac & chips. Juans keeps the food quality consistant & reasonably priced. It was also out in like 15min fast & was hot & fresh l will definitely return to this location.This is the best Mexican place in town! The ambiance was great - it was a little dark, but the decor is very cool and unique. I went there with a friend, and we were seated immediately in a booth. The booth was a little grungy looking (cracked leather seats and a sticky table) but the food more than made up for it. The service was adequate, but our server just did the bare minimum and I got the feeling that she didn't want to be there. I ordered the Flying Enchiladas, which had beef, chicken, and shrimp, and she ordered the Cheese Enchiladas with crawfish. These dishes came out super fast, probably less than ten minutes after we ordered. Both of these were completely smothered in cheese and absolutely delicious! The portions were very large and satisfying - I was starving and just managed to finish my food, but she ended up taking about half of it home. As college students, we're always looking for a good deal, and we definitely got the most bang for our buck at Juan's. If you like Mexican food, then I definitely recommend that you try this place out!I couldn't believe how inexpensive but awesome this place was! My gf & I had a great dinner for under $40! She really loved the jerk shrimp salad and my tacos were bomb. Would definitely be back here and the patio was nice.I've eaten here twice since moving to New Orleans, and I have to say I you can't go wrong with Juan's.  As a vegan from New York who would frequent Chipotle for their veggie burrito / salad I have to say this place has it beat by a long shot.   I've had the supergreen and spicy vegan tacos and both were some of the most amazing meals I've ever eaten.  There's plenty of things on the menu that they will gladly veganize.  They even give you a free refill on their amazing chips! I love it.  
On the other end of the spectrum, I guess the cons for this place would be it's always busy and as a result somewhat dirty.  It has a great vibe to it though, so don't let that stop you from trying it.
"We finally found a place we can agree on."
-My omnivore girlfriend, I think that sums things up nicely.Juan's makes funky, delicious "Mexican" food.  I'm not sure what you really call it (punk-Mex?) but it's good.  It has an eclectic mix of burritos, quesadillas, and other fare.  
I like the Western burrito myself--grilled veggies, a meat, some sour cream and cheese.  Their Bacon Azul quesadilla is a big mess of cheese, bacon, beef--throw salsa and ranch dressing on it (included) and it will help put you in your grave with a smile.
Great for vegetarians too!!
The original Magazine location has a completely different atmosphere than Mid-City; it's got a funky vibe to it and draws a lot of clientele from the Lower Garden District.  Staff is great.Juan's is always a solid choice. Service is fast, menu is extensive, drinks are strong, and it won't break the bank. 
I recommend the Juaha rolls, red fish tacos, or enchiladas. I'm not giving it five stars because sometimes things are a little off. Last night one of my red fish tacos only had two penny sized pieces of fish in it. That being said, you get what you paid for and at least they're using a local + sustainable fish. They also only serve crawfish in season...some places in the quarter charging $30 a plate don't even do that. 
The cucumber margaritas are also good. 
My favorite thing about this place is you could wear pajamas and no one would care. Not true of a lot of spots on magazine.punk rock beer and burrito dive, but great fold, was there way ahead of the burrito bar fad, service marginal provided on level of sobriety, think full arm sleeve tattoos and face piercings is prerequisite for a job there, but all falls into the experience, hence not a place for everyone, but a classic none the lessAverage Mexican - not sure why it has 4 stars?  We had the chips and guacamole and a cheese quesadilla with tomatoes, onions, etc.  It was good, but not great.  We appreciated the tables outside on the sidewalk.CAN WE SAY THIS IS THE BEST RESTAURANT TRYING TO SERVE HISPANIC FOOD IN THE CITY?!?
The food is amazing 
The temperature is always correct 
The flavor is always correct 
You will never leave disappointed
The service is great to say the establishment is small and always busy 
The employees are soooooo outgoing 
The managers even match their employee's personality 
The scenery is lovely, it sets the mood for anyone to enjoy themselves as they eat and converse with others, as well as for some who dine in alone. 
As you walk in the restaurant you may think to yourself, "Uhm, it is too crowded and too dark." As you wait to be seated you begin to feel differently about your surroundings. Don't waste your time reading my review, go try it for yourself and then return and like my comment.Super tasty food, had the Wet burrito with steak and loved it but too much to finish it all! Great location on Magazine Street. Their margaritas (I had lemon-berry, it, rather they, were delicious) are available to-go!Great tastey burrito's and quesadilla's.  I got my first burrito wet and came with a heaping mound of sour cream and mole sauce.  The second time I went opted for the pork and pineapple slasa burritto also delich!  My wife loved her quesadilla.Someone told me the other day that my Yelp reviews are "too nice". I'll admit that unless service is horrible and I really hate the food, I will be pretty generous with my ratings. However, my four stars for Juan's were totally well earned.
Juan's is a New Orleans classic for Mexican food. I headed over here for dinner, and since I was in a "burrito" mood, I got the "wet burrito". This is a burrito packed with beans, rice, lettuce and salsa and topped with red chile sauce, melted cheese, sour cream and jalapeños. The burrito is HUGE and was so good. I was going to snap a picture, but before I could, that burrito got ate.
The service was friendly and I like that the restaurant itself is dim and kind of cozy. Juan's is small, so there is going to be a bit of a wait for a table, if you go during busy lunch and dinner hours, but I waited less than 10 minutes at 8:00.I was originally drawn to this restaurant because who doesn't want to try out a place that says "creole taqueria" on the sign? Then there was the part where the people who run the yarn shop like it so much they have the menu in the shop so they can order their own lunch there.
I was pleased by all the vegetarian options (hard to find in NOLA) and by the creative flavors on the menu. The sign on the door advertising their various fruity mojitos clinched the deal.
The raspberry mojito? DELICIOUS. so much goodness in a glass! The salsa--yum. The guacamole was passable but not good enough for me to keep eating when I'd just come from Mexico...
I had a wet burrito, to which I added some grilled veggies. So much delicious! I mean, really, so much. As in, it was huge. The burrito was literally the size of my head. It was stuffed with rice, whole beans, grilled veg, and cheese. It was smothered in a slightly spicy red sauce with hints of creole and hints of mexico. Then more cheese was baked on top. It was humongous and yet I ate the whole thing...I left maybe one bite of folded tortilla from the end--and that only because I had just eaten something that was twice the size of my stomach. I couldn't help it, it tasted so good!
The price can't be beat, and the food is good. I'd stop by again next time I'm down there! I want to try out the nachos and the quesadilla with sweet potatoes and...umm...everything else! I looked at the menu for probably 20 minutes before settling on what I would eat, because there were so many options.Juan's Flying Burrito, fell flat on its face.
I had the enchiladas, and have had much better.
My wife had the Quesadillas, and they were BAD.
First, who cooks the lettuce INSIDE of the quesadilla?
You end up with wilted, slimy lettuce.
Second, who charges for the sour cream?
This is not supposed to be cafeteria fare.
The only thing holding this place together was the 
great service.
Go a few blocks down the road to Nacho Mammas..
Where the chips and salsa are not only, but the food actually tastes good.One of my favorite places to grab a meal with friends. Cannot beat the $1 PBRs!We love this place! We visit from Los Angeles often and I never like to have food that we can get at home. Mexican joints are a dome a dozen back home but this place... it's a treasure. That bacon bean dip !! It's so friggin good . Service is always great, parking is easy and food is on point. Extra bonus...? The music! Who doesn't love yo listen to slayer as you eat an awesome taco?!!!Juan's offers great food at very reasonable prices.
I have been to Juan's several times, but my last trip was by far the best. A buddy and I were looking for a lunch place and decided to go to Juan's at the last minute. Even though it was prime lunch time (12:00), the restaurant was busy, but not packed. We were promptly seated and our server immediately arrived to take our drink orders.
This level of service continued throughout our meal. Our server was attentive, but not overbearing.
On this trip I ordered the western burrito with steak. Imagine fajitas wrapped into a large burrito and you get the picture of what this entailed. It was wonderful. the steak, onions, peppers and cheese all combined to make a juicy and filling burrito. Fellow Yelper Shannon S.'s suggested I ask for the habanero hot sauce when ordering. i did, and I am glad. The sauce was hot, but flavorful. It really made the burrito even better. In fact, this may have been the best burrito I have had in the city so far.
I really enjoy Juan's. If you're in the Garden District and looking for reasonable, good food, give Juan's a try.Staff was great....Manager and Cooks not so much.  I have allergies to tomatoes so i make sure to order appropriately.  Our server was awesome to help me make sure the order was okay for me.  I watched my bites and didn't see any tomatoes, but there were there.  i'm now in my hotel room on my last night in NOLA nursing an allergic reaction instead of going out.  My server, when notified, quickly took care and replace the food.  He double checked the ticket and the cook just didn't follow the order!  I tried to talk to the manager (not looking for freebies, but to let him know what happened) and his reaction was "well it happens."  Cool bro...cause it when it happens to me i'm sick afterwards and it sucks.   I did my part....your server did his....no you do your your and make your cooks get it right.  Be careful if you have food issues because apparently mistakes happen and our acceptable.  This really sucks too, because everyone else working there was amazing.Got the flying burrito for takeout. Shrimp, chicken and steak is a great combo and the burrito 100% hits the spot. Definitely recommend.This is the worst Mexican food I have ever tasted. They forgot my appetizer and told me after I tried to eat their Flying burrito. They are way overpriced and the food is at best horrible. Save some money and go to Taco Bell.Loved the food!   So many choices.  Portions are large and prices are reasonable.  Several good vegetarian options.   Trio appetizer of salsa, quest, and guacamole was sizable enough for 6.   I'd highly recommend this spot!Enjoyed the blackened fish tacos at Juan's while in the area. The chips are guacamole were great!Service was a bit slow but the food was good and cheap!!! I believe we both got the chicken burrito, one with pinto beans and one with black beans. The price makes this place worth trying especially if your hotel is near by like ours was.Mojitos were a little too sweet and the nachos were alright. I only rated this higher because the waitress was fantastic and they let is stay after closing.One of my favorite places to eat when I'm in town.  I like my food more simple, and they use high quality ingredients, cooked to perfection.  The fajitas and redfish tacos are amazing.  Happy hour (until 7 pm) double margaritas (with 100% agave tequila) are $6, which I consider pretty reasonable.
Worth checking out!Worst service. An hour before we got our food. No service from our waiter. This place sucks.Good flavor but disappointed in the blackened fish tacos.  They weren't even close to blackened and very little fish.I never post reviews on Yelp, but I had to for this place. Everything here is amazing and good prices. If you are looking for good Mexican food come to Juan's Flying Burrito.This would have been a higher rating if not for the HORRIBLE service. It is a busy Sunday but for a party of 3 the wait was about 30 mins, not too bad. The service once seated was awful. We've now been here 1 hour and she just brought the burritos. I asked two times for napkins and a plate for my child, never get them. Husband asked for refill on chips and sour cream, also never got them. Wonder how long it's going to take to get the bill now.. sheeshThe food and drinks are just like the other Juan's locations except not as good.  They left off my guacamole on my Flying Enchilada's and the exterior of the enchiladas was extra crispy burned.  After they break in the new staff I imagine they should get up to speed and be as good as their other locations but I've heard multiple reports from other folks about problems they have experienced at this location so they need to jump into some serious quality management ASAP!I ordered a pick up order of the taco truck (steak tacos) and when I opened up the box each of the tortillas has a small morsel of steak. I would expect that of a fast food chain but certainly not from a great place like JFB, especially when the dish costs $11. I'm sure the portion is much better when you order in house but be wary of your order when purchasing take out. Everything else in the order was great so I was disappointed to not write a better review.This is one of the best places to eat in Nola. Any thing you get you'll enjoy and the staff is always on there game and make sure you have any thing you need and make you feel at home ... Thanks guys......Another cheap eats place downtown and I'm not mad at it. When I want yummy cheap Mexican food I can't help but thing of Juan's. I can gorge on queso, salsa and guac until the cows come home. My favorite thing about Juan's is how they don't judge my ability to drown myself in chips and dip, but rather celebrate it. 
I don't care for their burritos as much as I used to since I have fallen completely in love with the quesadillas. Specifically the one with goat cheese, spinach and adobo sauce with cucumber sour cream on the side. Get in my belly! The drinks are on point as they are at the other various locations. 
Thank you Juan's for always having a location within a 5 mile radius of wherever I am now.I love that with each purchase of queso you get one free refill! I ordered three tacos: steak, shrimp and redfish...all great!Unser erster Tag in New Orleans und schon ein "Goldstück" gefunden.
Das "Juan's Flying Burrito" ist eine tolle Anlaufstelle um einen netten Abend mit Freunden bei Essen und trinken in gemütlicher Atmosphäre zu verbringen. Ich habe mir den Juan's Natcho Salat bestellt und war einfach nur begeistert. Man bekommt richtig was für sein Geld und es schmeckt sogar.
Die Cocktails kann ich nicht beurteilen da ich keine getrunken habe. Bei meinen Freunden, mit denen ich dort war, gingen die Meinungen stark auseinander. Eine Kellnerin war sehr aufmerksam und fragte was mit dem Cocktail nicht stimmen würde, da dieser seinen Cocktail mit braunen Zucker verfeinert hat. Sie hätte ihn nämlich neu machen lassen. Sehr aufmerksam an der Stelle was ich so noch nicht erlebt habe.
Ich würde das Restaurant nochmal besuchen gehen.We came all the way from Clemson,SC just to eat here! Not really but glad we found this place.  I was very impressed with the food & Service.  Margaritas at happy hour are the best! Was so good we came back for lunch. Great the 2nd time!Wait staff was excellent.   Recommendations were awesome.  Bestest margaritas in NolaFood was great but not hot in temperature, bbq chicken had a nice bite. A bit slow on service but I would definitely come back.Great staff, didn't expect to have to pay $6.00 for the chips and salsa! The food was goodStopped in here my first night in the city. They have some great drinks, I had the cucumber margarita which was to die for. My sister topped her house marg with sangria and loved it. For food, we split the bacon bean dip and the mardi gras Indians tacos and Juans beef tacos. Everything was very good and affordable. Would definitely recommend!Ok, so this Juan's! I am a regular at the Carrollton Abe location and this was my first visit to Barrone Street and as always...Juan's does not disappoint. The margaritas are to die for (especially at Happy Hour)! As if the visit couldn't get any better our Bartender Val was the bomb! Very friendly and willing to chat with her customers! She also gave us several recommendations for other hot spots in our new neighborhood of the Bywater. Thanks as always Juan's Flying Burrito, you are the best!DO NOT GO HERE. 
This is the first Yelp review I have ever written. Actually, I created an account specifically to review this place. Visiting NOLA with friends for the weekend and wanted to do a quick and easy dinner. We read through yelp and it had pretty good reviews so we decided to go. My boyfriend got HORRIBLE food posining from the steak and/or guac there and said he had never been more sick in his entire life. All of the locals that we told afterwards exclaimed "NO you went there! No wonder you got sick, everyone knows that! Except for you tourists."
Just don't go. Unless you want your vacation ruined, then by all means...Got the vegetarian fajitas and got a plate full of delicious veggies, black beans, and guacamole.  Very nice!
The only thing we didn't like was that the place was super noisy, like the noisiest restaurant I've ever visited.  I don't know how it could be that noisy without actual sound amplification.  :-)  I don't think we would go there with our kids again.I like this location.   I had flying enchiladas, and two double margarita's which were happy hour priced.    we also did chips with guac, queso, and salsa.    Chips seemed like they were store bought as opposed to made there.   My guy got pork and slaw taco's, which the chef accidentally read as something else taco wise.    they were about to remake them, and he said / no worries, just bring what ya made.     the waitress brought slaw on the side.   it was all good.   Everyone seems happy here, and why not?    its a gorgeous location.     congrats on this one guys.After attending a work "event" where I left starving this hit the spot. I customized the taco salad with steak and added avocado. There was a small up charge but I think it was only a buck or two. Maybe it was a fluke but it was a tremendous deal. 
It looked amazing when it came out and don't just take my word for it. The diner beside me ordered the same thing because it looked so good. 
This location is open late, serving food into the night. Nice to be able to get some veggies even late night. The cocktails looks delish too. I can't wait to return and try more of the menu.Cozy, neat atmosphere, great service, alot of menu options....   But wife and I were very disappointed in food and cocktails.  Food was really dry and seemed hastily prepared.   Cocktails were both watery.Love this hidden spot! Tucked away in a new location, I love how quick service is and how friendly the crew is. Been here twice and both times were great! 
Several years ago, I remember them having a sweet potato quesadilla on the menu. When I asked the server about it, he immediately said it was the Green Goddess and gave it to me within 10 minutes. And it was just as good as I remember. Flavorful, spicy and exactly everything I wanted. My friend was also very happy with her nachos and enchiladas. Bill given to us promptly, and bathrooms were sparkling clean. 
A few weeks later, I ordered take-out, and I had the same wonderful experience. Can't wait until the next time!The food makes a turd,but that's about it.  We saw this place walking by yesterday. It was close to the hotel and looked good. We got there at around 2 in the afternoon and it was about halfway full, so it wasn't busy. There was 3 of us and the drinks came fast,but that's where the speed ends. We waited over an hour for our food! I got the flying burrito and it SUCKED! The meat was like warm at best,the rice and beans were COLD. Had good flavor,but was not enjoyable. My wife got the steak tacos and said they were good,but were very skimpy on the meat. The server Shannon was very apologetic and had the burrito removed from the bill. I didn't ask for a comp, just asked what happened in the kitchen. Said they had a big phone order. So in summary no way I could recommend this joint. Again the server was awesome, just chitty food on this occasion.My SO and I needed something quick and easy the other night and Juan's was close by.  So I called in our order and we walked down to pick it up.  We ordered chips, salsa, and guac, as well as flying fajitas (shrimp, steak, and chicken) and an extra order of tortillas.  Chips: good, simple.  Same for salsa.  Guac: meh, not the greatest, but they give you plenty.  Fajitas: they skimped on the meat, lots of peppers and onions, TONS of rice and beans.  The taste was good, but I wasn't happy with the ratio of substance to filler.It was so good and new. I'm Mexican and love tacos but the creole take on these was amazing. The salsas weren't spicy for me but can see other thinking they might be. Michelada are tasty they needed my lemon for my taste.The food quality is above average and portions are average. Service was great. I ordered a shrimp burrito for lunch and loved that the spinach tortilla was toasted. However the price was a little high ($10) given the lack of sides and would probably only order takeout from now on given how simple and straightforward the menu items arePretty good food. The atmosphere is good but it was very loud. Almost every table was occupied and I could not hear my husband who was sitting next to me. Unfortunately once our waitress brought us our first round of drinks and took our order we never saw her again until we asked someone to find her so we could pay and leave. We would have loved more cocktails but never had the opportunity to order more.My friends and i are practically Juan's regulars. They have a great happy hour $6 double margaritas and $2 tecate. We love going to Juan's but i personally find them hit or miss. When it hits it's amazing. The trio appetizer comes with queso, guac, and salsa. When the guac is on OMG it's some of the best I've ever had. Their red chili chicken quesadillas are by far my favorite thing on the menu they never disappoint. Their tacos are extremely hit or miss the buffalo chicken tacos we're super disappoint. The tortillas were rock hard and it just. Overall was underwhelming. The banh mi tacos on the other hand are delicious. We'll keep on coming back to Juan's. I recommend once you find something you like just sticking to it.I liked the house fish tacos with mango salsa and recommend it. 
Went there twice to enjoy it.  I tried their quesadilla - not that thrilling.   I wanted to sit inside - but was very cold inside no matter where i tried to sit.  The second time the person who handed me the bill was like "just 1 tacos" - a fine line between making it fun and enticing to have more, vs complaining. He missed a smile and showing the menu for more, and made it look like complaining that i had less. 
But over all people, ambience and food is good and will recommend it.We found this location while we were looking for somewhere to eat before a show at The Civic Theater. The cucumber margarita is amazing. Our food arrived quickly and was excellent. The place was super busy but service and quality didn't suffer.So honestly not sure why I haven't written a review of Juan's yet as it's actually my favorite Mexican joint in the city. It's nothin fancy but the food is quality and has many vegetarian options which for some reason is hard to grasp at many Mexican restaurants in the area. This was my first time to this location but its consistent with what I have come to expect at other locations. Tastee food, good drinks at an affordable price.  I defiantly recommend looking at the addition ingredients you can add although they can add up quickly to the price they can really ramp up the meal in a fresh and creative way. And hey they had a groupon so why not add some BAM..POW... To my burrito!Juan's is a great spot for locals and tourist alike. I've never had a bad experience here. The food and service are both great,but be sure to grab a margarita when you stop here because you'll missing out if you don't. I'd suggest you grab a Philly Steak Burrito off their specials menu as well,if the margarita won't satisfy you then this sure will. Last of all I'd like to praise Tina. She has the attitude that you search for from the service industry, with the personality to keep you smiling,while going the distance to give you the best experience! So Stop by Juan's! More is flying than the Burritos here!!I was pleasantly surprised. The place was packed on the Saturday night we went. In spite of the crowds, the service was fast, friendly, and accurate. The pineapple chicken tacos were amazing! The taco truck was also very good. I can't wait to go back to try more from the menu!Very helpful and patient staff! Excellent food and very accommodating if you are vegetarian.This was My first try at Juans Flying Burrito. I had nothing but positive reviews before entering. I got a couple of Pabst Blue Ribbons (PBR) for a buck each and a Veggie Punk Burrito for $6.50. The burrito was bland at first bite because the top end only had rice and red beans. I soon got to the jalapeños and other spices in the middle and the seasoning and flavors began to muster and enlighten my taste buds. My food-mates got  Tecate beer in a can  for $2.00 and a $6.00 double pour margarita and Juan's Flying Burrito with shrimp,  chicken and steak. Alcohol prices were happy hour pricing. I will go back and try another burrito or taco for sureTaco Tuesday during lunch hour is pretty packed, but the tacos were tasty; even though, it took about twenty minutes for an order of three tacos. But I still like this place for cheap eats like $2 tacos on Tuesday, and $1 PBR during Happy Hour. Saturday's and Sunday's are all day happy hour. Not a bad deal at all.Awsome food and drinks for a very affordable price. If you visit the branch by baronne corner poydras, look for Tina, she is the best!!I really enjoy Juan's Flying Burrito and their shrimp quesadillas, but the last time I came here just to stop in for a drink, I waited over 25 minutes at the bar for a margarita. The bartender on duty wasn't even doing anything to speed things up. He was just taking his grand old time. I understand I went at a busy time and that there was only 1 (and slowest) bartender on duty, but still! Hopefully it was just a one time freak thing and not a regular occurrence because I would definitely come back here if I'm in the area.One thing that I love about visiting NOLA is the people. Everyone is friendly & will sit and talk with you. We sat at the bar because the place was packed (we came in at noon) and Stacey was our warm & informative bartender. We ordered the chips & salsa, gutter burrito & taco truck plate. The food  was fresh & tasty. If we come back to visit, this will be one of our regular stops.this place is pretty good. i usually go with a burrito, but recently i decided to try something different. i chose the hawaii 5-0-4 nachos, and the chicken and goat cheese quesadilla.
the nachos blew me away. the portion size is ridiculous. this thing can feed a family of 4, easy. i had to put my quesadilla on the side while we chiseled away at the nachos. my friend and i filled up on the nachos and still have more than half of our quesadilla for lunch the next day. we also got to enjoy some beer at very reasonable prices.
the waitress was nice and was around if we ever needed her.
the wait was a bit long, but thats what happens when people enjoy the food and insist on coming back. 
overall, the experience was good and i would definitely recommend if your looking for a mexican inspired dinner.I had take-out and ate in the restaurant during our visit to NOLA.  The food is great and very yummy.  Enjoyed the red fish tacos and flying enchiladas.  When we had table service, the service we received was poor.  After our food was served, our server never stopped by to see how our food was or if we needed anything.  Good thing we liked our food.  I recommend this place to visitors and locals.Our last night in New Orleans and we wanted something other than the local food. This place was the best. The service, drinks ($6 Margaritas), food were awesome! We had the flying burrito and the pollo verde enchilada. Both were so flavorful and portions are big. Our server was so attentive even though the place was packed. We would definitely recommend this place!Taking the place of Lucky Rooster is Juan's 3rd location. Same decor of Lucky Rooster with the same menu of all the other Juan's Flying Burritos. Despite the quick turnaround, they've got their act pretty together! I've only done takeout, but the food is on par to the other locations.We popped in here last month on a trip to New Orleans and thoroughly enjoyed it. We had a tight budget for dining out, and Juan's fit the bill. We shared a HUGE order of nachos for about $10 + our drinks and chips and salsa. The salsa is worth it! Everything was great.Beans and rice and chips, and margarita. Perfect light dinner. Steak quesadilla good. Jerk chicken burrito not so great. Otherwise, excellent food, service, drinks and value.Popular, friendly, relaxing place to grab a margarita and a taco or burrito. The margaritas are average - refreshing but a bit lean.  The guacamole was fresh and essential.  My wife and I split the Flying Fajitas - easily enough for two people. I wasn't crazy about the sauce used to marinate/grill the fajita meat/shrimp/vegetable medley.  It seemed to overpower the flavor of the ingredients.  But it was different and my wife liked it. We will come back next time we are in town.Great food! We had their burrito, tacos and quesadilla. All of the food was fresh and tasty. But my favorite was the cucumber margarita! It was so refreshing and flavorful. I highly recommend ordering it.During our visit to the Garden District, we were greeted by the most amazing smells coming from Juan's and returned the next day to try it ourselves.  Highly disappointed and sorry I went out of my way to go back.  I tried the Mix & Match 3 Tacos and my daughter had the Shrimp Quesadilla.  The shrimp in both the Quesadilla and the taco was "fishy" tasting like they hadn't been washed....didn't eat it.  The beef taco....it was all I could do not to spit it out...obviously didn't eat that either.  The steak taco was pretty decent along with the chips and salsa.  The service was good and she tried to be helpful but our server didn't seem to care for much on the menu either.  Needless to say....I have no intention of ever going back.I am visiting Nola for the week and have struggled to find good Mexican food, until now. The food was fantastic. The staff was nice as can be. The happy hour margaritas are delicious and the atmosphere was perfect to be able to sit and talk to the people with you. It was also very easy to find. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who loves Mexican food!We actually were on our way to another place for happy hour but when we got there they said no happy hour and what we wanted was not on the regular menu so we left and walked by Juan's Flying Burrito. #greatchoiceforlunch
They had double pour margaritas for $6, Tecate $2 and PBR $1
We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door and were to,d we could sit anywhere.  We chose the bar and were asked immediately if we would like a drink #nowaithere
We ordered our drinks and when they arrived we we ordered the Flying Burrito and theVeggie Punk Burrito. 
The Flying Burrito had steak, shrimp, chicken, guacamole, cheese, rice, beans and all kinds of yummy goodness. This burrito was huge and cost $10
#ilikebigburritosandicannotlie
The Veggie Punk Burrito was all veggies and rice and beans. It was a spicy in the middle but the spice was not spread out consistently. It was a huge burrito for $6.50. Glad I didn't order it though since it seemed the first bite I took only had rice and when trying a second bite later found there were other fillings. 
#veggiepunkburrito
Our server and bartender was Kayla and she was fantastic with keepin our drink fresh and our food ordered.I used to go to the magazine location years ago, and I remember the food being amazing.
However, I've eaten here 3-4 times in the past year, and each time I am more and more disappointed. I don't know what they are doing differently, but the food lacks flavor. Also, the queso dip had an unusual and uncomfortably gritty texture. It was so bad that I would have preferred to eat Tostitos queso dip from the jar. I was equally unimpressed with the salsa.
The last time I ate at this location, it took over an hour to get our bill after we finished eating because our waitress went home and no one took over our table.
Also, what kind of Mexican restaurant doesn't serve complimentary salsa and sour cream with their quesadillas?
I will be eating elsewhere from now on.Good: happy hour/drink specials, location 
Bad: food quality, service 
I went to this location because I was downtown and wanted some good ole Juans. I've been to the Mid City and Uptown locations before and they are always great. This location however was very sub par. I got my usual Guacamole and Salsa with chips - the Guac was TERRIBLE. It tasted like it was made a week ago and stored in a fridge. The Salsa (or what I'd call tomatoes mixed with water) was pathetic - I'd rather eaten something out of a jar. 
My main course was the Bacon Azul Quesadilla. An item I've had at both other locations and love it. Immediately after my first bite I could tell something was wrong. The flavor was different, the texture - everything. I opened it up and it looked like garbage. The ground beef wasn't seasoned, it was barely cooked and the amount inside was comically lacking. 
The service was maybe tolerable. I mean I expect to be left relatively alone at Juans but the server was just spaced out and not a very good waitress. 
I gave 2 stars out of respect for the other locations. If you're in the downtown area go someplace else (hell I would have rather eaten at the Jimmy Johns next door).Tasty food with an excellent beer selection. Awesome staff with great prices. Also has a great selection of local brews and full liquor bar. One of my favorites stops in Nawlins. Every time I'm in town I stop in. Plus they have an awesome playlist going at all times.Worst service ever!!! Don't waste your life, time or energy on this place. And to make matters worse the restaurant could've cared less. First off our waitress spills a drink in the middle of our table landing in my friends lap all dripping wet, also getting on my iPhone. And we end up cleaning our own table with napkins and dry towels. The pile of towels sits there for 5 mins as she disappears off somewhere. We have to ask her to take the soiled towels and bring a wet one to clean the sticky lemonade. I'm allergic to cheese and asked for none on my burrito, food is delivered with cheese. She probably checked on us once after we got our food and we literally had to stare her down in order to get our checks. We had a party of 6 which it was never explained gratuity was included. She couldn't figure out who had what, it took over 30 mins to print the checks and close out. We tried to talk to the bartender which looked like a manager, she didn't give 2 fucks and was actually very condescending and unapologetic. Also my bill was $8 I gave her $20 and she assumes I'm giving her a $12 tip on top of the tip that was added. And to be honest after the shitty service we weren't going to tip!!! Literally don't waste your time with this bullshit of an establishment. You could get better service at McDonalds!!!I just love that Juan's opened down here! I can't tell you how many times I've already ordered and picked up food (especially on Sunday afternoons after late nights of partying) - and they're relatively new to this location. The food is ready when they say it is, and always consistent. We haven't dined in yet - so I'm not really sure how that experience is. I can only attest to the food being ready and good.Loved the queso so much. Service was friendly with good happy hour deals. Great alcohol selection!We had a nice meal. We ordered a few drinks from the bar, they were not great, but the food was great. The burrito was massive.Headed in around 3pm. Despite being after the lunch rush, the food was of a very fresh quality and the service quick and attentive. Several vegeatarian options were present which added to an overall good experience.Nice atmosphere, great drinks, excellent food, superb service, great price.  Cannot do any better!, much better value than anything Canal or Bourbon Street.I had fish tacos and my husband a bacon azul both entrees were very good.  Service was excellent for NOLA.  Drinks were good but a little pricey for a taco joint.  Definitely would eat here again.Got some of the $2 tacos on Tuesday for takeout and they were all solid! Would be helpful if they posted the specials online (I checked their website and facebook before calling to ask what they were).If you like a fast service for a late Mexican dinner you can come here. The fish tacos were super spicy hot! My lips were on fire. The the truck tacos were mediocre, small portion it was not great.I would give the food 4 stars, but the rest only 2 stars. So, I'll go with the average of 3.
This location is just as small and cramped as the other Juan's locations. I recommend getting your lunch to go if you have time constraints. The place gets packed and it takes awhile to get your food. I did much better when I ordered it ahead to go. Although, it is still difficult to actually pick up your order. You get it at the bar and I had to reach over 2 guys twice. Once to pay and the other to get my food. Kind of awkward and annoying to all that are involved.
My go to items are the Chicken Juaha Rolls or the nachos. Everything else is pretty good though.
Definitely a cool addition to the CBD.Ordered the taco truck tacos for 11 dollars and am completely disappointed. The skirt steak was burnt and the tortillas were as well. This is my first time eating here so maybe it's an off day but honestly how do you screw up tacos this bad. The reason I put two stars and not one is because the black beans and rice were the saving grace.Amazing chips and salsa, delicious rice, and friendly staff.  Definitely a high spot on our trip to New Orleans.This is one of our favorite lunch places! We go at least once a week! Tina is our favorite waitress! She always greets us immediately, answers all of our questions, and makes sure our orders (often modified from the menu) are correct! The food is delicious!I looked for vegan options, and wasn't disappointed. I got chips and salsa, and a 3GV (three grilled veggie) burrito in a bowl. I got to pick the vegetables. I got onion, green peppers and corn. I got rice, beans, and salsa with it. The salsa choices were a pico de gallo or a house salsa. I went for the house salsa.
The bowl was ready in a few minutes. Ingredients were fresh, and tasty. The salsa was a medium spicy, with a bit of a tang to it. I really liked it. Chips were crisp, and not oily. My server, McKenzie, was courteous, helpful, and attentive.
I didn't have any of the drinks, but those around me seemed pretty pleased.
I'd definitely go back!The staff started out amazing, but when our food took over an hour to arrive, they were MIA. Many GF options, but only mediocre flavor.Try this ..: order their signature Flying Burrito that has (better yet- should have) steak and shrimp but tell them no beans. I am curious to see if you will get anything but a flour tortilla. 
Their Flying Burrito should be called Bean Burrito with beans and beans. 
They get two stars only because happy hour $2 Tecate beer.Just across the street from our hotel, we decided to try something more low-key, after a week of enjoying all the New Orleans' cuisine has to offer. Juan's is a good little lunch or happy-hour spot, with good service and an ample bar, they're ready for whatever mood you're in. I went with the Flying Burrito, which was packed with ingredients and flavor, and a good deal for about $10. They also offer a good variety of tacos, enchiladas, and quesadillas, including some vegetarian and gluten free choices, so there's something for everyone. The restaurant is conveniently located, clean, with a hip vibe, so I would definitely go back next time I'm in NOLA.My friends and i are practically Juan's regulars. They have a great happy hour $6 double margaritas and $2 tecate. We love going to Juan's but i personally find them hit or miss. When it hits it's amazing. The trio appetizer comes with queso, guac, and salsa. When the guac is on OMG it's some of the best I've ever had. Their red chili chicken quesadillas are by far my favorite thing on the menu they never disappoint. Their tacos are extremely hit or miss the buffalo chicken tacos we're super disappointing. The tortillas were rock hard and it just overall was underwhelming. The banh mi tacos on the other hand are delicious. We'll keep on coming back to Juan's. I recommend once you find something you like just sticking to it.Chips and sals were yummy, the margaritas are dangerously good 
Can't say I'm a fan of the guacamole but the rest was goodWent to pick up a to go order and had a very political flyer in the bag. I was very offended that they are putting things so controversial in their to go ordersI got a beef burrito, wet, and it was awesome! I also wanted a glass of pinot Grigio, and waitress came back and explained they had Chardonnay and a Spanish Blend, she thought would be closer to a Pinot. She brought me a sample before pouring a full glass. The wine was excellent but more importantly was the fact that she went the extra mile to make sure I would be satisfied with my drink of choice. Highly recommend!I give it a 3.. just because the guy who was making the burritos wasn't wearing gloves. Food was alrightUnfortunately, I was a little disappointed with Juan's due to the insane hype built up around the restaurant. Sure, everything is good, but nothing that I had was "out of this world" delicious. We had the crawfish queso (good because of the large crawfish tails) and the roasted pepper and goat cheese quesadilla.
 I'll definitely visit again since my friends are obsessed with the place, so I'll be sure to try the Al Pastor burrito. Maybe it will change my mind.Oooohhhhh I love this place...and I cannot stand Mex food!
Fish tacos with their delicious mango salsa is just HEAVEN!  ask for extra mango salsa on the side!
Burritos are just..sooooooooo GOOD.  So huge and big that you could have it for a late night snack AND lunch the next day.  
No where in the states can I find any place like Juan's....=*(
Gosh, I wish I was still in NOLA.....Paid a visit to the mid city location of Juan's. Knew the visit was going to be good, when I encountered off street parking.
Juan's is noted for their burritos, and I saw a sampling of them being consumed. But I was going for the Redfish Tacos, and they did not disappoint. There were a plethora of tastes and textures in this dish and did they make my palate happy.The Redfish Tacos would be perfect if served with a lime wedge or two. Otherwise, they run a nice, clean looking establishment. My favorite kind of wait staff, attentive but not overbearing.
I'll be returning to give other items on their menu a sampling.If you're looking for a Mexican restaurant with a bit of a twist, Juan's is the place for you. At an affordable price and among a unique atmosphere, I was able to enjoy a Red Chile Chicken and Goat Cheese Quesadilla that blended many different flavors, making for a delicious bite. Juan's Flying Burrito is a Mid City favorite of mine that I will continue to frequent.Food and service were good and prices reasonable. Salads were large, the guacamole excellent and the chips fresh. The parking lot was a bit difficult to figure out - wasn't sure where you could park (there are lots of reserved signs) so we parked two blocks awayThe quesadillas we ordered (shrimp, beef, & chicken) were excellent!! Word of advice: Don't go on Saturdays. It was really packed!It has been a looong layoff from Yelp so I thought I should start (er, restart) with a place I go almost weekly.  Juans in Mid City is a great alternative to the one Uptown if you aren't in the mood for the whole Magazine street thing.  Angelo Brocato is nearby too....but that is a whole other review.  It is easy to get to.  Parking in the lot next to the building is limited and can be confusing (whose business are  these spaces anyway?).  I usually just park around the corner and walk.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  I always start off with a Mojito or Margarita which are both very good.  Gotta love heavy handed bartenders!  The queso and chips is my favorite starter.  You may have to fish out some of the jalapenos from the cheese if you don't like jalapenos.  One of my favorites is the Flying Burrito.  It is a good mix of shrimp, steak, and chicken.  One of these is enough for your meal.  I would also recommend the Jerk Chicken burrito and the Al Pastor (pork) if you want really good single-meat burritos.  If you are looking for tacos, Juans does not disappoint either.  I've had the Juans tacos and Americanos and both were packed full of meat, cheese, and lettuce.  I was a little disappointed with the fish tacos. They have a good flavor but they don't seem to put enough fish in these tacos.  Grilled fish is a definite plus if you want to feel less guilty about what you are eating.  I've been to plenty of tex-mex places in the New Orleans metro area & this place is among the top.  Hope this helps!Kamehameha Nachos (9$) are absolutely magical. I love the combination of their pulled pork, mangos,  pineapples, & bacon. If it's your first time at Juan's, get these nachos!
I've had a couple of their tacos too. The Mardi Gras Indians (7$) & Fish Tacos (8$). Honestly, didn't enjoy or hate neither. These tacos just didn't stand out to me like the nachos did.
Drinks are yummy. I love the frozen lemonberry. The mango mojito is good, but, the mango chunks make it difficult to drink through a straw! The spy boy tasted like a regular margarita except it was reeking of patron (duh!). All of the drinks were made with a heavy hand & give ya a good buzz!I love Juan's, and just learned that one of my favorite bartenders in the city (Diana! That's you, babe!) works there as well as at the wonderful Le Bon Temps Roule! Pork and Slaw tacos are one of my favorites there, and the fish tacos can't be beat, but it's always a toss up between the deliciously drippy and succulent tacos and the Jerk Shrimp and Mango Salad! The Bacon Azul Quesadilla never fails to disappoint either. I love the Al Pastor Burrito, but my husband always get the flying burrito, and who could blame him? Why choose one meat, when you could get three? An extra limey Mojito always hits the spot, and the Margaritas are as delicious as they are varied. 
Specials vary by location, but Mid-City is the perfect place to go for consistently great service, fast turn-around, and excellent atmosphere (especially on a day like today, with blessedly cooler temperatures, the wealth of outdoor seating is simply unbeatable!).If you've ever had a real burrito, do yourself a favor and don't come here.Ate here because of the reviews. It was not bad. Thought it was a fast food place and walked in, it was not. Wife had street tacos and they were good. The rice and black beans not so much. I had the retried burrito and it was good. The chips were fresh. The salsa was fresh and chunky. The quest was also very good, but the guacamole was not good at all. I eat Medan food all the time in texas and it was better than here. It was a good place just on a whim and the bar looked decent as well. The place is small and fills up fast. No parking lot only street parking. But that's almost everywhere in New Orleans.I usually get tacos when I go to mexican places - because face it - who doesn't love tacos, but this time I decided to get something different... The Wicked Garden Fajita Plate!
Let me just say, all of my burrito-taco-quesadilla getting friends were so jelly of my huge plate of grilled broccoli, garlic, spinach and squash topped with rice, beans, guac, sour cream and all the cheese I could ever want.
The flavors of the grilled veggies just melted in my mouth and I didn't even miss not having steak or chicken.
I did steal a bite of my friend's Hawaii 5-0-4 (applewood smoked bacon, pulled pork, grilled mango, pineapple salsa, Chipolte sour cream, avocado, cilantro, and jalapenos) and BOY whoever came up with that combination needs a hug. 
I would highly suggest splitting the Hawaii 5-0-4 Nachos amongst the table and finishing off with the Wicked Garden Fajita plate.Two words: CRAWFISH ENCHILADAS!!!!  Don't forget to ask for chipotle ranch to dip your tortilla chips in!  Love this place!  Just stay away from the breakfast burritos.I never write reviews, but this place was killer! Cant say enough good things about our experience here! We just got back from vacationing in the Big Easy, and Juan's was recommended to us several times while we were there. We decided to give it a try, and am I glad we did! Its a very short trolly ride from downtown, and after a few margaritas, its the best way to go lol! We sat at the bar, because the table area was extremely busy! Our bartender was amazing and had a spirit that reminded me of days gone by. How she kept up with all that was going on at that place, I'll never understand. Hell, I think she was even taking and filling to go orders! I believe her name was Val? Hard to remember after a week in the Easy! She made us two of her favorite margaritas and ordered us an appetizer she recommended, with some of the best guac Ive ever tasted! I got pork slaw tacos for my meal and the hubby got the flying burrito! We were blown away by the flavor explosion! I'd recommend this place to anyone, and have told so many of our experience! Sure hope that little lady is rockin it when we go back down for French Quarter Fest!Only getting one star because of the lemon berry margaritas. It was a group of three and we went on a Tuesday around 3:00pm, not busy at all. We stood by the door for at least 10 minutes before the host came from the back and stood behind her host stand and didn't greet us until we asked for a table. Finally get to order food...it took almost 45 minutes in an empty restaurant to get a burrito and 6 tacos. I asked for the featured smoked brisket taco with the slaw on the side. I barely had 3 small pieces of brisket on that taco. Unacceptable and my friend didn't even get hers because they "forgot." Came to this restaurant before it was great with great service, but after this experience I won't be back and wouldn't recommend.Juan's made me a believer. I have been accustomed to very americanised-mexican food. Not that Juan's is extremely authentic mexican food or truly tex mex. Juan's is it's own thing: a Creole Taqueria. The guac is the best I have had for New Orleans. I have a thing for fresh lemonade and Juan's satisfies my fetish! If you crave Mexican food and are in the Big Sleazy, Juan's should be your first choice.We love everything about Juan's.  The salsa is always fresh, the pork quesadilla's are spectacular.  Today tried the Brunch items. All were great. Also, some of the best drinks in townThis is probably one of the better places to both drink and eat Mexican in Mid-City but there are better Mexican places to eat at in the area.  The food is just like all the other Juan's locations in the area except they seem to have added a seperate brunch menu at this location which also probably has the most seating.  The bar layout here doesn't make it very good for watching sports and they only have small TVs that aren't easy to view.  The service here usually isn't as good as the Magazine location and the small parking lot is usually full.  This Juan's is much more restaurant than bar while the Magazine location is more bar than restaurant while the CBD location is still just working on getting the food right.I lived in new orleans a long time ago.  When I returned after 10 years, I had to go to my fav Mexican food in the city!
When I arrived at the mid-city location on carrollton, I found that the menu had changed a little, my go-to dish the chicken enchiladas had changed:  the sauce had changed from red to green and the toppings were a different.  I was a little disappointed in that I had been looking forward to this meal for a while.  I told the waitress my story: that I had been a long time patron and I was really looking forward to having the chicken enchiladas as I remembered them 10 years ago.  I described them.  She smiled and said, "I know exactly what you're talking about, I liked that recipe better too!  No problem, I'll have the chef take care of it for you". Needless to say, a few minutes later, my "old school" chicken enchiladas arrived looking just like I remembered and tasting even better!!
I always loved Juan's for the food, but all these years later, I love them even more for helping me enjoy one of my favorite meals just how I wanted it 10 years later!!Burritos! Nachos! Cervezas!
Amazing food! The only problem is it ALWAYS seems to be packed, and the service isn't always that great.
I live pretty close by, so I order take-out here from time to time. I always have to squeeze in past the neverending queue of people waiting for tables, and it usually takes a good 5 minutes to get a bartender's attention. My food is usually waiting for me when I get there, but if no one will actually speak to me to allow me to pay for it and take it home, that box of delicousness doesn't do me much good.
However! The taste just about makes up for all of this. I've ordered a lot of different burritos here-- they're always good. And they're totally customizable, so it's easy to get what you want. One burrito is about two meals for me. The nachos are also amazing and HUGE (and made with great chips!).
It's definitely worth checking out, but don't expect to be fawned over just for walking in and offering them money.Juan's is a neighborhood restaurant that is cheap and awesome. Although almost always busy, it's worth the wait. 
If you can't make up your mind let me help you.
You want to eat the following...
- Kamehameha Nachos
- Veggie Punk Burrito
- The Luau Quesadilla
- Pork & Slaw Tacos
Great for take out as well.  
Enjoy it!Pork n' Slaw Tacos to Die For!.. Blackened Redfish Tacos! and the Juaha Roll is amazing..a total YuMfU**K! !.. Just got the feeling that everything is great!  A big hit with me and all my friends.  Great food, great drinks! Very reasonable and fun atmosphere! A NOLA must for every visit!  My mouth waters every time I think about Juans!Always the best!! Mardi Gras Indians and the rice and black beans app are ahhhhmazing!!Great food and ambiance! The food is Tex Mex but very good. The music was a bit loud and we struggled to hear each other during conversation but the service was good and allowed us to get in and out quickly. Try the pork tacos.We were here for dinner one night while in New Orleans. Pretty good for Mexican food in New Orleans. Just be aware that whatever you order you're going to get a pretty good size portion. But that's all right with me because you get your moneys worth. Wait staff very friendly and prices were affordable. I would recommend this place.This is the second Juan's and it just doesn't hold up to the original.  The homemade salsas are exceptional, and unfortunately you have to use them to make the burritos as tasty as they should be.The waitress was friendly and attentive. and the margarita was strong. I had the enchiladas with three different sauces, and and an order of queso and chips. It didn't disappoint. I had the super green burrito on another occasion and it was great, the portions are above average and always fresh and tasty. Only 4 stars because parking was less that desirable. Good food for the priceNot sure what all the high ratings are for.  The food was very mediocre.  I had beef fajitas that literally had maybe 6 pieces of steak.  Additionally the music was so loud I could barely carry-on a conversation with my son. Much better places in NOLA.If you are in New Orleans but not staying downtown, Juan's is a really great place to check-out.  It's a super low key atmosphere with great burritos and margaritas.  A few of my favorites include the Jerk Chicken and Mojado burrito.
The chips and salsa they put out at the beginning are excellent, and the El Patron margarita is quite tasty and strong.  This is a great spot for some good ole fashioned mexican food.Went with the Juan's Flying burrito. It hit the spot as it was a large portion. I'm not sure it needed the shrimp as the chicken steak combo was great and the shrimp ended up distracting from that flavor profile. Next time I would probably ask them to leave out the shrimp. The burrito was wrapped and I guess should have been picked up and ate. But since we were dining in I decided to go at it with a knife and fork which was an issue as the foil and paper it was on tore quickly apart as soon as some of the burrito juices touched it. Service was quick and friendly.  Liked the atmosphere and the look of the restaurant.Like this place fine but the fish tacos need some work. Seasoned well but a couple of bites of fish, salsa, and iceberg lettuce is all there is. Maybe they were running short that day. Will still go back but not for fish tacos. Woody's are better.For the first time in my life, I got up and left a restaurant (1:30 p.m. on March 18, 2015). The Server after bringing us drinks and chips, ignored us. He never came to back to take the rest of our order. Even after asking for the server, still no result. Waited 25 minutes before leaving.  I love the food at Juan's but won't be back anytime soon. And as a semi regular customer who normally does take out, I will be going elsewhere.I'm visiting New Orleans from Southern California and I wanted to order some delicious, easy food to go. Although I thought that I would probably regret trying to find more delicious Mexican food in NOLA than I eat on a very regular basis in Cali, Juan's delicious burrito was, in fact, delicious! Get the Juan's Flying Burrito - it's the perfect size, packed with good quality meat and shrimp, and it comes with guacamole, sour cream, black beans and rice. They also packed in some yummy salsa on the side. I'm a satisfied California girl!FANTASTIC FOOD. I highly recommend eating here! The trio chips were phenomenal. I loved the queso. I also had enchiladas which were wonderful. Of course, the burrito is to die for. Definitely be sure to spend time here while in the Garden district!I cannot believe I do not eat here more often!  The food is fabulous, I don't think anyone would dispute that, whether you've eaten here once or a 1,000 times. 
I particularly love the fish tacos and there are three different types to choose from, which is a nice twist, but may complicate your selection.  Whatever the green salsa on the table is, squeeze it over your order.  Soooo good, and has a sneaky underlying heat.
The food is reasonably priced, the alcohol not so much, at least not the pitcher of sangria.  $32 bucks was quite the sticker shock at the end of the meal, but like Maxwell House Coffee, it was good to the last drop!
Seating is more accommodating that you would think from the outside.  The parking is okay, as the lot is shared with the apartment complex next door, however, street parking helps.
I love the atmosphere here because it's a true locals place that has a cool vibe.  The servers are tatted up like crazy and give you the impression that if they don't like your attitude, they will charge you extra.  It seems like they totally embrace the "be nice or leave" motto and I'm good with that.
I hope to return soon, so see you there!Yooo, what?! This place is the bomb. I'm a vegan and I ate like a damn QUEEN. They have some boss pitchers of margaritas (caliente is doooooope) and you 1010% won't regret eating here. I came here twice in one weekend, which is crazy behavior but clear evidence of a great place. Adam was my server the second time and wowee he's a top notch, nice guy. Come here to eat && drink, ya dummy.Very yummy! Started with the trio and then Superdome Nachos. Delish!!! Staff was pleasant and helpful and patient with the kids. :) Drinks were perfect.Juans has been a place I consistently dislike but consistently feel like I should give it a chance because everyone else seems to like it.
But why on earth do they?!
My last visit was perhaps the pinnacle of my Juans experiences. As usual it was load, felt busy (though it wasn't), and staff was quick and curt. 
What made me really decide I truly hate this place was not it's mediocre psudo-mexican food. I asked that sour cream be held from my order, I hate sour cream with a passion. I hate all things that remind me of mayonnaise pretty much. My dish came out with sour cream on it, I told them I asked to not have sour cream and that I was allergic to it. The guy who brought out my order turned around and angrily said "you are not fucking allergic to sour cream and don't ever lie to me again". So in the end I'm not, but what if I was. Besides if a customer asks not to have sour cream why shouldn't he return it when he gets sour cream. I as a customer pay for a specific order and service. I expect to get it. He took the plate back, a few minutes later brought it back, the sour cream had been wiped off and the sour creams evil creamy footprint was left behind. I think this is even dumber of an outcome then getting sour cream in the first place.
Maybe the dude was joking, I couldn't tell. I'd like to think he probably was, and just bad at expressing his humor. Regardless I feel confident in my end decision to never go back here. The loud atmosphere, crappy hipster music, and mediocre food just isn't worth it.Parking lot was packed and people eating outside; concerned about a long wait, but was not too bad (condisering we have 5).
Once in, sat at a large booth.  Service came quickly.  Looked at a menu while waiting, but waitress very helpful in offering suggestions.  Awesome Sweet Tea and Lemonberry drink.
Hubby and I shared the Flying Burrito and Redfish Tacos.  Amazing!!
Kids shared nachos.  They had cupcakes too; red velvet was awesome!
Look forward to returning.Juan's MidCity has been my evening Mexican fix for quite some time- indulging in tequila, cupcakes & fried anything. But on this unusual day I decided to give it a go for lunch (its so rare a restaurant has the same vibe from open to close). My lunch did not disappoint: The nachos were balanced so exquisitely, Tuco Salamanca himself would have cried with joy; my burritto wrapped with such care and craftsmanship, it was like something out of a Bone Thugs video; and everything served to me by the dazzling bartender veiled in tattoos. I could feel her warm glow shedding light on my every bite. I had never seen her at night, as I'm used to the girl with the penchant for British accents and the alphabetical reach. I now know I can expect the same shimmer during lunch and dinner.
Having said, I'm not one to uphold The Yelp Review that so many feel entitled to do because they have a stomach and a phone, but today- I too- feel the urge to lower my head and stare at my friendly little screen. Its so good to know there are others in this city that share my love for the taco.I had a good experience at Juan's.  Their menu is trendy and certainly steps outside of the box compared to the typical Mexican restaurant menu.  I'd recommend this place if you're up for something a little different or new.   However, if you're like me, and sometimes heads out for that Mexican dinner where you know you're going to eat until you can't stand up because the cook used crack as an ingredient, I'd stick to your local Mexican favorite.I  love Juan's and eat it whenever I get a chance.
I can understand some of the negative reviews though as their food is somewhat inconsistent.  I usually either get the fish tacos or super shrimp burrito with sour cream on the side.
Now the fish tacos never fail to disappoint.  They are simply put the most delicious fish taco I've ever eaten.  And I've tried a lot of different fish tacos from a lot of different places (it feels so dirty to say that).  But they pale in comparison to Juan's.
That being said, the shrimp burritos are sometimes amazing and sometimes rather pedestrian.  Last night is a good example.  Hardly in guacamole in mine.  Good thing I ordered extra.  It wasn't seasoned very well... rather bland.  Those things are fixable though...  Sometimes though, the shrimp burritos are just incredible.
Why do I even get shrimp burritos if the fish tacos are so good?  Sometimes I like to gamble.flawless!!!!!! food never disappoints, beer is cheap and this one of my favorite spots to eat.Been coming here for years and I always love it. Chrissy is beyond awesome! Food is delicious and drinks are great as well! Will always come back.I'm gonna rate this on a slight curve because we ate at 10:00pm which was close to quitting time. First off the Pork nachos were pretty good. I had the Flying Enchiladas which were a variety of sauces on top of the enchiladas (red,verde and salsa rojo). The filling which was a chicken, beef and shrimp variety had decent flavor. However the corn tortillias they were in were a bit tough to cut through. The rice was something to be desired as well as the black beans. The quesadillas were good and the pork tacos were good. Again the pork had good flavor. I'm from Houston so Mexican food in NOLA would have to be Excellent for me to be Wowed. But overall I would give this place a 3 starAMAZING! Great service, delicious food and fun atmosphere. One of our favorite places in the cityTakeout is always wrong. Today was the fourth and last time this month that I'll attempt ordering anything to-go. I live in the Marigny and hate driving all the way back to Mid-City to have them re-cook for me.I'm from Los Angeles, so I'm really picky when it comes to good, authentic Mexican food. Juan's Flying Burrito is surprisingly refreshing and delicious. I've only been here twice, so I don't really understand the whole "punk" theme thing they have going on here. Some of the burritos have names like Veggie Punk burrito and the Squatter Punk Burrito or whatnot, and the bartender looks the part, but living only a few blocks away-- this is definitely a great place to come for a good meal. The frozen margaritas are pre-made in a daiquiri machine, and are really great as well. 
I recommend sitting at the bar for speedy service, but this is usually the case for any food joint. During the evening hours the waitresses are tattooed and sexy, but I don't have time for all of that. I sit at the bar and my burrito is typically made within 2 minutes. Not bad!LOVE Juans!! Cant go wrong with anything on the menu! Wish the space was bigger but hey what do you expect in the areaService is good but food is horrible . If you like real authentic Mexican food this is not the place . The food doesn't even look tasty when they bring it to you . And the guacamole was dark . Sorry but I was disappointedThis was a great experience. We traveled to New Orleans from Florida on vacation and discovered Juans Flying Burrito on 515 Barrone St. We were seated immediately and served quickly and friendly. I had the blackend fish tacos and thought I was in heaven. The girls split fajitas and boy were the portions large. The prices were low and the food awsome. The place was clean and festive. I am definitely a fan from now on.Disappointing.   Use to be good food but now it's okay.  My salad had so much dressing it was like lettuce soup the burrito was ordinary.  But the waitress was great.This was the first restaurant where my husband and I ever ate in New Orleans, on the night we moved here six years ago! Unique and delicious food; awesome drinks; friendly and helpful staff. I am a vegetarian, and they have many great veg-friendly and vegan options - I highly recommend the Mardi Gras Indians tacos! The nachos are THE BEST in the city, and crazy cheap!! 
We have been to Juan's dozens of times over the years, but I am prompted to write this review today because of something very unusual that occurred there yesterday afternoon. A drunk jerk began ridiculing my husband for his disability. Not only did a group of patrons behind us step in to point out what a cruel and crappy thing the guy was doing, but the staff did everything they could to deescalate the situation right away. I'm pretty sure conflict resolution is not part of the training to become a server or host, and yet they all acted with grace and calm in getting the drunk man away from us and out of the restaurant. 
A bizarre incident like this could have happened anywhere, and I feel terrible for the staff and other patrons that it happened at Juan's, but also very lucky that we found ourselves surrounded by perceptive and supportive humans who were ready to help appropriately! Rest assured that this is a safe and fun restaurant for everybody, and if you are a jerk, you will not be tolerated there. Exceptional!!Both my wife and I had a burrito. Very average. I ate only half of mine. Had guacamole and chips as well, which was average at best. Place was pretty crowded particularly with families, so clearly there are folks that really like the place. Price is very reasonable. Just extremely average at best. Not many steps above fast food in my opinion.Tiger Woods cocktail..will be a great starter drink!!I've been to a ton of different "burrito" places in the last few years, everything from chains (Chipotle, etc...), to small local joints like Juans.  I have to say that Juans is definitely one of the best.  My wife had the blackened redfish tacos, and they were by far the some of the best fish tacos I have had, and I have had a LOT of fish tacos in my life.  I had the standard Super Chicken Burrito and it was quite good also.
The restaurant itself is "cool" inside.  It's very casual, quite small and they look like they have pretty good daily food specials and drink specials.Packed place, full door, staff members running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Once you finally get seated, the service is ok but there is literally no room to stand at the door and you will probably be completely skipped and then ushered to a filthy table which will then be wiped down with a filthy rag. 
Food is decent though.I recently tried Juan's, and I really enjoyed it. There is seating on the sidewalk outside, and we were able to eat there with our dogs. I had a vegetarian burrito and my wife had enchiladas, both were excellent. The waiter was very cool and took care of us, and I was very pleased with their food.I have to give it three stars because there really are no real fast food Mexican restaurants in Nola. Juans is our version of Chipotle. It's quick taste good though because of inconsistent prep habits inconsistent food. The only thing separates it from Chipotle are the local specials like the red fish tacos and the crawfish burrito. Though the tacos are way less filling than the burritos for the price. Best salsa verde in town (green salsa).I've been here many times and this has become my go-to mexican restaurant in New Orleans.  Their tacos are delicious especially the Americanos.  They have good beer, good food, and good people.  Not to mention, it is in a cool neighborhood and it has outdoor seating.Since some time has passed, I have to reevaluate my love for Juan's. The parking situation is atrocious (one tiny lot with no turn-around), there always seems to be a wait for a table (even at 3pm on a Sunday), and the service is pretty spotty. The food & margaritas are consistently awesome, but when I'm looking for tex-mex in MidCity, I often choose Felipe's over Juan's.We really enjoyed our two trips to Juan's during our stay in New Orleans. I'd managed to max out on fried oysters and po-boys earlier in the week, so we went hunting for some alternatives to the standard cheap fare available elsewhere downtown. Juan's delivered. Highlights on the menu were the Kamehameha nachos with pulled pork and mango salsa, green chile chicken enchiladas and, yes, the bacon chocolate almond popsicle. Believe it. 
Excellent food and super affordable prices!We heard Juan's was good so dropped in for dinner. 6pm most tables were already occupied. I ordered the Luau quesadillas and a mid-city mojito, my husband ordered the blackened red fish tacos. First of all my mojito came with mango. Okay, maybe the server didn't hear me, but anyway, order the mango mojito if you like super-sweet. I was stupid for not complaining. Second my quesadilla came - not Luau. Chicken not shrimp, tomato not pineapple salsa. Hello??
My husband's fish tacos should have been called slaw tacos with a hint of fish. 
All in all a fair experience. Won't be going back.You might hear Slayer's Angel of Death blasting from the kitchen (RIP Jeff Hanneman, reign in blood for eternity), you might have a heavily-tatted waiter, and you might not be smiled at by everyone who works there as they walk by your table. If you don't like it, I think they dock points for waiters who don't smile over at Applebee's in Metairie.
This place is real, and you'll see customers from all walks who appreciate it. The Al Pastor burrito is where it's at -- shredded pork in pineapple salsa.A neighborhood favorite! Inexpensive and the margaritas are great. Try the 504 nachos!This is actually great value and good atmosphere. You cann take out and drink beer while you wait.... food pretty fast and it's tasty.  It's Tex-Mex without them touting to be a Mexican rest. or attempting authenticity or being to complicated.  But their tacos are actually the  real thing...one of the better taco attempts that I have had in New Orleans....outside of the real taco trucks.  Their Burritos are like California style and well worth the price.  very tasty and good homemade salsas!    Getting hungry thinking about them......I have been here a few times and everything seems to be pretty tasty. Love the Jerk shrimp and mango salad! My mojito was not great though the one time I ordered it. All the frozen margaritas seem to be pretty delicious though. Would definitely recommend to anyone!I think in the back of my mind, I wanted to not like Juan's. I just heard so many good things about it I thought it was, well, too good to be true- I'm so glad I was wrong. 
Everything seemed to be working against me enjoying myself here that day- it was pouring, my friends and I went to two restaurants only to find that they were closed from 3 - 5 PM (Really?, What's the point? We're looking at you Harrison Ave.), the parking lot they had (first good sign of the day since it is off of busy Carrollton) was full (but soon enough a car left) and my hunger was in no mood to be compromised by shoddy or mediocre food!
When we got there, we were sat promptly and handed these small menus. I ordered a Modelo Especial with lime immediately and realized that just about everything on the menu sounded incredible. This made me eager to want to come back and try out some other food and drink items in the future. I was also delighted at the prices- they were more than reasonable. I did end up going with their name sake. The Flying Burrito.
Once it came out, I was even happier. The burrito was the size of an elephant fetus. The ingredients were excellent too- fresh steak, chicken, beans, rice, and other veggies i don't remember that were cooked in an awesome Tex-Mex fusion. Holy shit, I just realized how hungry that description made me.
I must confess, there was ONE negative to be found at Juan's. I must agree with my fellow yelpers on this one important issue- A (WO)MAN SHOULDN'T HAVE TO PAY FOR CHIPS AND SALSA. Period. 
Also, some of the other reviewers I noticed seem to be having trouble with how to label Juan's- is it Mexican,Tex-Mex, fusion, creole or even "authentic"? All I have to say to this is "Who cares?". This is New Orleans. Enjoy the food, forget the arbitrary food categories for a moment, and enjoy the pleasures of the table with family and/or friends.
You get the picture. Great food, great prices, great atmosphere and a great dining experience. Juan's, I will be coming back for more.I've been coming to Juan's (Mid City) for a couple years and I've thoroughly explored the menu. This place never disappoints! Be sure to check the specials board! Some great house margaritas well!Allen and I desperate for good tacos in this town (please DM suggestions!) and so won't pass up an opportunity to go to a Mexican restaurant. I know I need to put aside my taco requirements when going to a gringo place but we ordered tacos just the same.
We had the chicken & chorizo special, which is served with cole slaw. It was really good, but portions are small and very bare bones. This is totally a late-night/booze kind of place so I think our midday experience wasn't all it could be.
Fine, but unlikely to come there to satisfy our insatiable taco needs. We gotta get out in the evenings and check out some of the trucks!I really want to like Juan's.  I really do.  But everything about this place is inconsistent.  When you walk in the door, you roll the dice that some combination of the following things will happen:  The hostess will seat you quickly, the hostess will inform you that there is a wait and you will grab a delicious or terrible margarita from the bar, the hostess will hardly speak to you and you will mill about in the door way for half and hour.  When you are seated, your server will either be sweet and great at her job or alternate between being no where to be found and hipster-snotty.  Your food will either be fantastic! Mexico meets California --delicious magic awesomeness hitting all the right spots! Or you will furrow your brows, try to figure out what the mystery taste is and have diarrhea the next day.  (seriously)
I really WANT to like you, Juan's!  Get your act together so I can like you!Awesome food, service and location.  1st trip to NO and this one will definitely be on our list when we return.  Found it by accident, we were staying in the warehouse district and the walk there has some nice scenery.  
Make sure you try all the sauces!!  They were all so good, I could not figure out which one to use on the fajitas!!  Everything we had was EXCELLENT!!  One of the best "hole in the wall" places ever.
We had several disappointing meals and were very hesitantthe staff is so horrible here, that i have overlooked how good the food was.  after six times, i've decided i won't be going back.
ladies, elitist and waitress do not go hand in hand.This had been a solid 4 or 5 stars in my naive past, but after frequenting this place for long enough, the mystique begins to fade.  I was willing to overlook coughing up 4 bucks for chips and salsa, although that should be illegal at Mexican restaurants.  I was also willing to overlook the hipster waitresses wearing shorts so high their front pocket linings were sticking out (would have been okay if hott).  I am fine with the chefs singing their grunge rock favorites in the kitchen, how there is never green or red salsa on my table when my food comes, and that there is nowhere to park.  
But today I received a "Flying Burrito" that appeared to have been both stuffed and rolled by somebody practicing for a toe painting contest.  It was wrapped with the sophistication of a drunk man attempting to make burritos at home out of cheese and whatever other solid protein is available at microwave speed.  The tortilla was not steamed, nor was it grilled (either or would have sufficed) and the meat was layered in three distinct sections as if I was supposed to enjoy an entirely different burrito every fifth bite.  Signing my tab of $9.89 for water and a burrito, never having taken a bite of a tortilla chip nor sipping margarita, the nectar of Tenochtitlan I shuddered at my 30% tip and wondered how I became so easily fleeced in the past.  Please up the ante on your quality control and I pray to Quetzalcoatl that you offer free chips from now on.Ordered the wet burrito, and it was the best Mexican spot I could find in NOLA. Highly recommend 
The staff are very friendly and got our orders in quickly. Great atmosphere to come and enjoy some awesome Mexican food and great vibesUsed to really like this location and their food. I don't know what happened to Juan's. I tried their downtown location a couple months ago and it was terrible. Thought maybe it was just that new location, but the food was terrible and the service was horrible (even on a slow late lunch time) 
Thought my good old Carrolton location would redeem the franchise. Well ate there the other night. Food was mediocre - guacamole tasted DAYS old, tacos were dry and poorly made. 
Service was terrible both times, I try not to rate on service because that can be variable and isn't always a reflection of the business as a whole, but both locations I had terrible service so I'm thinking management issues are related. 
Either way, sad that a previously favorite spot has slipped into a sub par category. Maybe I'll try the magazine location but there are bietter Mexican spots I'm going to be going to unless I hear that things have changed.The veggie burrito was mostly bland with an overpowering amount of jalapeños that ruin the rest of the meal. Guacamole was wayyyyy to sweet and the margarita pitcher was so bad we had to send it back. I will not be returning.Pretty good . Margaritas will have you crawling outta there! Ate the pork 'n' slaw, very good. I must say, the waitress was a little dingy.This is my go to neighborhood place.  Place is hipster and youthful but fine place for a yuppie family (i.e. me).  I always get the  Juan's Flying Burrito and am never dissapointed.  They have booze too.  Sit outside.  Enjoy.  Fair prices too.Just wasn't good. Ordered a simple chicken quesadilla...was not pleased at all. The chicken had a weird taste. Also for the price it really wasn't worth it. The bathroom was not clean and the kitchen didn't look to be the most sanitary either. Would not return. Service was decent.If I could post zero stars I would.
This place has no clue about Mexican food or preparing food at all.
I asked for corn tortillas and first was given white, then wheat never corn.
The guacamole was brown, when I asked for fresh guacamole the same brown stuff came again, seriously pre made, they don't even make fresh!
I ordered vegetable fajitas half the veg that was supposed to come never came.All the food came on one crowded plate, the shredded lettuce again from a bag and all brown. My husband was to scared to eat this food. Please unless you  could care less about what you eat, don't wast your money at this totally gross place.I had the fish tacos, blackened Louisiana style (to go). They were good, nothing amazing though. Wish the fish was actually blackened and had more kick to it. Supposed to come with "Juan's jalapeño spicy slaw" but didn't get one piece of jalapeño in the slaw itself. Instead of the creamy cilantro dressing I think I got the jalapeño tartar (different from the slaw). Admittedly the jalapeño tartar was tasty so no complaints about that. Service was very friendly.Unexpected place for brunch. I normally go here for lunch or dinner and get my fill of queso, but was hungry at the awkward brunch time. That's why brunch was created right to make awkward happy and kill 2 birds with one stone. Anyway, I did get my queso of course, but saw on their side menu Huevos Rancheros. Breakfast and Mexican food is a no brainer for me. It was soooo good. Just the right enough of sauciness, next to the crunchiness of tortilla and yummy beans. Let's not forget the avocado. It truly satisfies the brunch hangries! See picture for the more than 1000 word details.The food at Juan's never disappoints. I have to say the new location is my favorite right on Magazine by Whole Foods where the old Slice used to be. Chic design inside and much more spacious for dining than the LGD and Mid-City restaurants. The guac and chips, queso, and B.R.B starters are all great. They have a multitude of vegetarian options like the Wet Burrito, Veggie Punk, and Super Green that are all delicious.One Of The Best Tacos I Had This Far I Mean Really Good spicy fresh & Made really well The! Only thing I didn't like was the Waiter Charged me separately for my salsa guacamole & cheese dip....(Trio)Bad experience due to apathetic, disgruntled server who failed to pay attention to our table during a slow time. The hard lemonade was watered down because it was sitting at the bar for ages while our server Kayln neglected our table. Another server ultimately brought it, joking about the drink being on the counter and being needed with two restless kids. Kids who were hungry, that is. One hungry child ordered a Mex Grilled Cheese expecting ... a grilled cheese. What came out was a cheese quesadilla, something he didn't want because he didn't order. Why not call it a quesadilla considering there are 2 other quesadillas on the children's menu, one a meat quesadilla and the other a chihuahua (rolled quesadilla with meat)? It wouldn't have been an issue if the server didn't roll her eyes in annoyance when my son said he didn't order a quesadilla, he ordered a grilled cheese. It was simply not appropriate to quip at a young child that it's a "Mexican grilled cheese." He's Mexican--It's not. My other child ordered the kid's meal (2 "rolled" chicken quesadilla). His plate had one "rolled" item and no rice or beans. Kayln argued about the menu. I sought clarification about my misunderstanding, as the menu indicated it came with two quesadillas, beans & rice. Be wary. When she acquiesced in bringing the beans & rice, my son wouldn't touch them because they were mixed together and looked disgusting. Rice & beans has a distinct meaning in Louisiana (one on top of the other), but a very distinct meaning at any Mexican restaurant (separate). The whole situation was obviously a misunderstanding and not worthy of mention, but the service, attitudes, and approach soured the entire transaction. None of our drinks were brought timely and our server was stubborn to a fault. Will not return.We did dinner here as part of a shopping trip to Whole Foods and the place did not disappoint. 
We sat outside with our dog. The service was amazing. 
The food was outstanding, tasty and well made. 
Highly recommend this place.So, this is just straight out honesty here as I've been fortunate enough to have worked in a few pf Nola's best, renown and praised dining establishments and also those most talented chef's(Comndrs Plc: T McPhail, J Shannon; August: J Besh; Herbsaint: D Link). 
But I'm always adding(and subtracting) to my city's  classic comfort food neighborhood gems list.
Sometimes, it takes a few days, sometimes several months before any of us can enjoy our top local foodie hot spots.
This past year I finally to take in a top tier Mexican desire for me in Juan's Flying Burrito. 
Do NOT WAIT TO GO. Like such a chilled but still energetic vibe from first impressions followed by quick but personal customer service. Love their nachos and have had 3 different burritos so far, but love my second one ever the most--
Gutter Punk($6.95)
ground beef, jalapeños, pinto beans, white rice, lettuce, salsa, cheese, and sour cream
Oh and yeah, I made the burrito "wet"(Juan's special topping) and that was a wrap. My mouth exploded into savory and juicy Mexican goodness.
Love me some Juan's, as it's my latest local grub stop topper. 
ALSO, you get, I think, a little more than what you pay for(I have each time) for most any experience there.
My verdict: Get out and try some flying burritos at Juan's!My first visit to the newest location and i am happy to say I was not disappointed.  Service was quick and friendly,  timing was great, food arrived at the table fresh and piping hot, and of course delicious. 
I tried the cheese enchiladas, perfect, as always the salsa is the best in town. 
I wish the server had reminded me of the brunch menu,  another great reason to stop by again Sunday! 
The only unpleasant issue during my visit was the water,  I drink tap water,  but there was a bigger issue here, perhaps a purifier or cleaning the dispenser may solve the problem.Omg! 37 is my favorite number and the bartender was wearing a shirt with the number 37. Love it! Napkins fully stocked OCD BONER! Don't get me started about the immaculately rolled silver ware. Well done Juan's well done.Guac, queso, and salsa were absolutely delicious. Many vegan and vegetarian options! Ingredients are fresh, and the service was quick even with a crowded restaurant. Definitely recommend!I thought the food was great and there were many vegetarian options, which is very convenient for any vegetarian and vegans out there looking for a place to eat. The service was good, but we did have to wait a while even though there weren't that many people there at the time. The server was very nice and there is a friendly environment. However, it is impossible to find parking, but the restaurant itself was great.I'll used to avoid Juan's on Magazine in the LGD because although I've always appreciated their punk rock approach to Tex Mex, it always seemed like there was a wait when I wanted to eat there and the food just wasn't worth it (or, rather, their vegan versions of their food wasn't worth it). When I heard that 1. they've added a spicy tofu option to their burritos, tacos and salads and 2. they were opening up in the former Slice Uptown location, I knew I had to give them another try and I am so effin' glad I did because last night's visit might have made me a devout Juan's fan. 
I lived across from this location about 6 years ago and I seemed to always be at Slice because it ain't bad pizza, the drinks are good and the space had a total New Orleansy-vibe and yeah, the waitstaff might not have been on top of everything, but I really liked them. I'm only mentioning all of this because Slice and Juan's are part of the same operation *and* I have really good memories of this location. I really like how they've opened up the front room even more and now has that fun Juan's vibe throughout.
The menu has been expanded so much and has a lot of pretty enticing vegan/vegetarian options on there. There's at least three or four different vegetarian burritos, for example. I went with the hippie punk which has tiny diced seasoned potatoes, white rice, pinto beans, jalapeños, lettuce... and I added spinach and black olives. Yeah, yeah, major carb bomb but carbs are our body-fueling friends, so bite me. Or rather, bite it. This thing is massive, the size of a 5 month fetus, perhaps (Happy Halloween!) and packed with the good stuff. Packed. If you eat cheese, it normally comes with. It's incredibly delicious and seasoned perfectly (sometimes potatoes *and* rice in a burrito are a starchy bore) and I took half home for dinner tonight because those chips and guac I had to start made attempting the entire burrito baby an impossible feat. 
Vegan tip: while I don't need vegan cheese or queso or anything in my burritos, it would be so appreciated if they got a vegan sour cream for those burritos. In the meantime, extra guac does the trick.
The frozen margs didn't help with any finishing my burrito aspirations (they sure will help turn any frown upside down, though! Heh.) Major props to the awesome drink menu because even if margaritas aren't your thing (I mean, they have three Mezcal margaritas, what?!), there's a whole lot of other latin-inspired choices like sangria and mojitos. 
Note about the pricing: Juan's is one of the biggest bangs for the buck in town. Come hungry or go home... with leftovers.
Note about the service: we had the nicest waiter (Jonathan) who was super on top of everything, kept offering us more chips, drinks, etc. I've always thought Juan's kicked much ass and the new location is no exception. 
I'll be back asap because I am pretty sure I need pineapple tofu tacos in my life. Two dollar taco Tuesdays, yes!My cousin lives down within walking distance of this location, so while visiting from San Diego, my friends and I walked down one night. The food was really good and the margarita was strong. We ordered the queso, which was pretty good and then split the nachos (I think it was an appetizer, sorry,, I can't remember). I do remember the the portions were huge and the margarita was good!  I will definitely return to eat here on my next visit.I was in the area a few weeks ago and Juan's has always been a favorite, so I decided to stop in for lunch. I had never been to this newer location and I have to say, I love the decor. As charming as the other Magazine St. location is, it has always felt a bit grimy. This spot has been completely redone and it's gorgeous.
I was in a burrito mood, so I got the al pastor "wet". This is basically a pork burrito with all the fixins. Now, I know that it's been a while since I've eaten at Juan's, but I don't remember their burritos being this small. Whenever I have gotten this burrito at the other Juan's I remember it being so big that it took up the whole plate. Also, it was packed with everything it was supposed to be packed with, but it seemed like most of the meat was in the middle just leaving rice in the ends of the burrito- it wasn't evenly distributed. As good as it was, I'm just not sure it was worth $11 after tax and before tip.
The staff was super friendly and nice and the waiter checked in on me constantly, so that was a plus. I like Juan's, so I'll be back. This might have just been an "off" afternoon.If you're in the mood for Mexican food, definitely stop here! It's a really cool place and the food is awesome! They have a wide variety of drinks and food. Plenty of vegetarian options, which was a plus! The staff was friendly too!Dined with a group of friends last night at this location. I ordered the "Luau Quesadilla" with no bacon. Received "Luau Quesadilla" with bacon. Didn't realize it until I ate one entire piece. 
The male server was super cool about it, even got me a properly prepared quesadilla to-go. 
However......I've been sick since then. When someone has a special dietary request PLEASE PLEASE follow through. I'm just hoping I don't have to go to the hospital since I can't keep anything down.Place is amazing and always consistent. My favorite dish is "Pork and slaw tacos" which never disappoint. 
The happy hour is awesome too! 
Five stars!*****Solidly mediocre. Those two words sum this place up perfectly. You certainly won't be disappointed, and you definitely won't be amazed. 
I came here as a couple, and we shared a BBQ Chicken burrito and steak fajita. Its extremely rare that I visit any Latin America themed restaurant and complain about a lack of seasoning, but this was definitely one of them. 
The food here reminded me of East Coast style Old Bay seasoning methods - which is just a fancy way of saying "salt and pepper" because that's about all they put on your food, here. Very bland, very strange. 
The one redeeming factor is the cocktails. Boy, did this guy serve up some strong margaritas. After my second one I couldn't tell if I was handling an actual margarita or a literal cup of kerosene. 
The lack of seasoning may have spared my rear end from firey pain, but my chest felt like a volcano about to erupt.Burritos on Magazine St in New Orleans?!? Yes, they were tasty too! I got the Tuesday taco specials and holy crap, seriously good stuff. And I have access to amazing Mexican food in chicago too. Check it out!What a fun experience! The staff was incredibly inviting and the atmosphere is friendly. Everything we had was good, from the Wet enchiladas, the green quesadilla, and the pork enchilada that was on special. Everything on the menu looked amazing. 
The food was delicious, but the staff made the trip. They joked  with us, had great advice and made sure or meal was everything we could get it to be.Gone several times, and I've never had anything that wasn't delicious. I don't usually eat pork or beef, so can't give an opinion about that, but all fish and vegetarian options are great. Service is usually 5/5, but there is the occasional bad server. Food more than makes up for it though.Sadly I had already had my allotment of drinks alcoholic for the day so I did not get a cocktail but the food was great and the strawberry lemonade was very good. I ordered the jerk nachos and they were perfect not too sweet with pineapple and the garnish was great.would recommendMy favorite place to eat in nola. I've been living here on and off for years. I admit, I don't go to the higher end pricier places here, but why when you can have a full meal at Juan's for less than 15 bucks, most times around 10-12, of the best Mexican style food with a unique flavor that you won't find at any other restaurant. The service has always been top notch as well.Underwhelming. Tacos aren't unique, every topping is the same only the meat changes. Margaritas are okayThe two of us shared the steak breakfast burrito and chips with salsa and guac, and it was delicious and filling! We got to try out a local IPA and the server was very nice and friendly. He gave us the burrito already sliced in half served on separate baskets, which was really convenient! Would definitely recommend.Been loving this place since it's 1st and only location back in the day. It's just freaking good. If you have a problem here, it's probably in the mirror. Get yourself a drink and take it to go please. Thanks. (The margaritas are damn good FYI.)
Kudos to Juan's for keeping it real for so long. This little lady appreciates it.Ok y'all. First off the queso is great. It's crazy with a great flavor. Secondly, we came during happy hour and the drinks were strong as fuckkkkk and good price. Thirdly, my wife got the crawfish enchiladas, she does over them and loved the red salsa they gave us. The salsa was just delicious and spicy for her. I had the crawfish tacos and they were just as good. I got lucky and came on taco Tuesday so the tacos were super cheap. But holy moly we are so happy we just happened to stumbled on this place. My wife is already missing the red salsaHere at Children's Hospital and found this place.  
Ordered to go. 
 Carne Asada Taco Truck Plate-  meat was real tough and chewy.  
also ordered the Machaca Beef Debris and Shredded Roast Pork tacos which is really good.   
I would not recommend the steak 
other than the steak being tough, was a decent meal.I don't know why I still come into this place. They take forever to make terrible food. I could have went to Whole Foods next door, gotten all the ingredients for "taco truck tacos", an al pastor and chips with queso, taken it home and cooked it in the time it took to get our food. 
Too bad I already paid (it was a to go order) otherwise I'd take back my tip. No water or anything offered at the bar. I count about 20 people over 6 tables. Not crowded at all. Just poor service. I can't wait to come back and be disappointed all over again. 
FYI the Juan's on Baronne is actually fairly decent. This location blows. Put in a chipotle. 
Turns out they forgot about the only 2 people at the bar. Our food will be up "super quick" though. We were given a free cookie and brownie. COOL.We visited this location last weekend for a late lunch, and it was packed when we arrived.  We thought that was a good sign of things to come.  Unfortunately, the food was just ok.  The meat in my burrito was too dry, and my wife's order was forgettable.  They also nickel-and-dime you for chips and salsa, which is a shame.  With the slow service, you will likely go through an order or 2 of chips before your main course is ready.  On a positive note, the waitstaff were nice and courteous. However, with so many more great restaurants in the area from which to choose, recommend going elsewhere for lunch.We went in for a quick bite at the bar and staff gave us some amazing soft tacos and beer.
At 8:00 we were looking for something to eat before a 9:00 movie. Juan's was the closest place we could find. We told the bartender that we only had 20 minutes before we had to go to a movie at the Prytania. The bar staff took gregariously took care of us.
The bon mai taco was especially tasty.There are two types of people in this world, those who love tacos and margaritas and dead people. If you are the former, and I assume you are as the deceased are not commonly known for their literacy, Juan's will never disappoint. I've been spending much of my time and liver function here for years. The nachos.... good god... the nachos! They could fill a laundry basket! The tacos are solid and I know someone who eats like 5 chicken quesadillas a week here. Look, if you want overpriced, pretentious Tex mex, go somewhere else. If you want a super atmosphere, great staff and margaritas that will make you wanna slap your mama this is you!I have always received great service here, whether at the bar or a table. They have good drink specials during happy hour and a great drink menu (love the margaritas and mojitos and the option to add fruit). I also like that the menu has a lot of unique options that you don't find at every Mexican restaurant, like the quesadilla with bleu cheese and bacon. My favorite is the Hawaii 5-0-4 nachos - they are the perfect mix of sweet and savory. The only thing I don't recommend are the tacos. Something about the add-ins (lettuce, cheese, etc.) make it taste like Taco Bell or something.Some of the best fish tacos I've had. We ordered both the Carribean Island Style and Blackened Louisiana Style Fish Tacos. The jalapeño tartar and creamy cilantro dressing sides that came with each of the tacos went very well with each of the dishes. 
Also ordered the Flying Burrito and The BBQ Chicken burrito. Both were really good as well. The BBQ Chicken Burrito was pretty big, so you get your money's worth. The guacamole on the Chips, Salsa, and Guac had a little too much lime/lemon to it, so I didn't like it that much.I don't go here for "authentic" Mexican or haute cuisine, but I found this place handy for its convenience. They offer a much wider variety of vegetarian options than most Mexican places do. They have a lot of tofu for some reason (often included in dishes with dairy products, so do be clear if that's something you're trying to avoid), but also plenty of beans, mushrooms, and vegetables.
This location is in an area where I often find myself near Audubon Park, and produced my food very quickly; under ten minutes from ordering. They had a Taco Tuesday special which wasn't the most impressive I've seen-only a minority of their tacos dropped by a third in price, but it's something and I was happy to take them up on it.
The burro verde burrito I tried was a very filling mix; it probably needed a spicy kick, which they will include for a small upcharge, or there is hot sauce at the table. Still tasty as is. Certainly, it's worth stopping in here if you need a quick meal in the area.Bomb tacos here!!!! Great flavor and perfect ratios on the seasoning. I had the Mardi gras tacos which were excellent. My wife had the street tacos with pork. We would come back here for sure while in town. The atmosphere is chill and fun also. Come here for a good bite and relaxing environment.This is a great place and value for groups, families, and so on. We've gone for years. It's amazing when a place can transition from one's late night spot to date location to family dinning spot.A place for the best margaritas in new orleans!!  Hands down a stop here is a good bet!Bartender / Asst. GM Andrew makes a killa mawgarita!  Y'all should all stop in!  The food ain't bad either. My recent fave is a beast bowl loaded up with veggies.I would say Juan's is like a Red Robin of Mexican food. It's Mexican food for the masses. There's no salsa bar, no charred Jalapeños, green onions, and definitely no lengua. But for what it is it's pretty good. I tried a couple of street tacos and they were well made. The flying enchiladas were also pretty tasty. If I was a local I'd probably come back. Also, they make a pretty strong margarita.Popped over to juans to watch the Soccer match...and to have an El pastor.  WOW, what a burrito!!  I ordered it with slaw and covered with salsa verdi!!!  My bartender was this guy named Woodruff, what a guy!!!  Woodruff oh Woodruff what a great bartender U bee, ask for Woodruff when u go and you'll be very happy!!!!!I've not been to JsFB in years. Went back out of convenience one night... what a surprise. Top end margaritas hand made. Hot chips with fresh quac. And then the Taco Truck threesome of quality fajita white cheese and onions. Yes simple but having family from Central America I can say this was as authentic as you can make them. Just like home. Trust me. And the service is fast and friendly. Been back 3 times sense.  Go.Worst visit ever waited for 40minutes and then our Nachos were cold with cheese so hard that all the tortillas stuck together. 
I will not come back here again. Feel so bad for the waitress. Since it was kitchen s fault!nice place with very good food and i like everyone there thank you very much
the jerk chicko nacho has the right amount of beans and avoWere can u get GREAT margaritas AND watch women soccer----JUANS!!!  Get to a Juans asap and watch USA play Sweden!!We come to Juan's about once a week and are NEVER disappointed. The quality control is on point and the service couldn't be better. Good food, in a funky atmosphere, you can't go wrong...especially with Val behind the bar and John S. serving you (he's my absolute favorite).Love Juan's. Great pork tacos. Love the green salsa. Good beer options. Good for kids. Did I mention the great pork tacos?I've not been to JsFB in years. Went back out of convenience one night... what a surprise. Top end margaritas hand made. Hot chips with fresh quac. And then the Taco Truck threesome of quality fajita white cheese and onions. Yes simple but having family from Central America I can say this was as authentic as you can make them. Just like home. Trust me. And the service is fast and friendly. Been back 3 times sense.  Go.I love the new location. It's just as delicious and there is more elbow room. Juan's, both locations on Magazine, is my favorite restaurant. A great place for a delicious meal with your friends.After being recommended this place by many people; we finally dropped by and decided to give it a try.
The decor and atmosphere in the restaurant is fantastic! The music and service was great! 
We both decided to start our nights with margaritas and the Mexican street corn.
The margaritas were very boozy and it was happy hour! 
The street corn on the other hand felt a little bland.
There was something missing in this as it tasted like corn but nothing else.
We then proceeded to dinner. I ordered the Hawaiian 504 nachos while my girlfriend ordered the chorizo, tapas, taco truck and banh mi tacos.
The nachos were good but the bites of pineapple were inconsistent as it was sweet in some but super sour. Also the pork tasted a bit bland.
Hayley had okay tacos with the tapas and taco truck being hard to determine which was which.
The banh mi taco was fantastic though the chorizo was oddly sweet.
Overall, the drinks and atmosphere was worth the visit, but the food was a slight bit bland.This is the best juans!!!  Was a die hard mid city fan however THIS juans is by far better.  Amazingly food is better!!  Not sure what it is that makes this the superior juans in the chain but it surely is!!!!Wow, this was surprisingly really tasty!  Delicious margs too.  I had the vegetarian taco salad with shrimp added to it, and it was easily the best taco salad I have had!  Also the queso was soooooo yummy.  Really authentic tasting!  We are in town for a week and this was good enough to make me not regret skipping a Cajun food meal.  Would recommend it!came here for lunch with some friends prior to visiting the zoo. other than our waiter seeming slightly hammered and going on and on to us about drink specials (pretty sure we are blatantly under 21), the atmosphere seemed great. there was a bit of a wait to be seated, but nothing terrible. i could see the wait getting a little ridiculous for dinner, especially on weekend, but that's most places on magazine. the food was delicious! ingredients seemed fresh and the prices honestly weren't bad. would definitely come again!I love this location, there are a few throughout the city but this one is my favorite! I met my family here for celebratory tequila drinks to celebrate an exciting happening in my daughters life and this is her favorite place to grab a burrito or tacos and of course a delicious margarita! 
We started with chips and queso,I ordered Guajilo shrimp in white corn tortillas and omg it was so flavorful.  My husband ordered the chicken and chorizo tacos and loved them. 
It was a great experience, excellent service and a wonderful time...The Jerk chicken tacos were a treat , but the two tacos and small bean may not be enough to appease a pallet . The service itself is a little too laxed for my taste but all and all this is a strong recommendation for Mexican food lovers . 
Date friendly !!
No parking space !!Love this place! Great food, awesome happy hour, strong drinks, and amazing service!
I was a frequent at the other 2 locations, glad they put one a bit closer to my home!Love the new menu!  Glad i can get my favorite thing-huevos rancheros anytime!!!  Eggs---COOKED PERFECTLY!!  The most beautiful huervos everrrrrrrr!!  One thing....when can i get a popper again????First time going here.   I chose the Jerk Nachos. 
The chicken was cut into tiny cubes, so small i had to look for the chicken!  The jerk seasoning i think was just sprinkled in the nachos as the chicken didn't have a jerk taste at all. Chips were a little hard.  Overall is was very filling!  Didn't leave hungry!  I will be back to try something new!Ordered one of my favorites yesterday...El Pastor...i was surprised with wonderful crusty bits on the pork.  Bits were flavorful and extremely tasty!!  Elevated the burrito to new heights!!  Never disappointed at this Juans!!I ordered tofu Mojado burrito and instead I was given chicken and while waiting for them to correct my order I felt like my ears were going to start bleeding from the heavy metal music they were playing. Kinda awkward being in a "creole taqueria" where they're talking about killing babies and eating their hearts on the speakers....This Juan's may be my favorite location (Mid-City is close). The staff is so great. The drinks are good and the food is solid. There's not much more you could ask for. My new favorite thing is that marvelous bacon bean dip. The last time I went I was with a group of friends on Taco Tuesday and we got the quatro, which is guacamole, salsa, queso, and the bacon bean dip. It was covered in bacon. I couldn't even see the beans at first. All of the dips were good but I kept going back to that bean dip. For my drink, I had a frozen lemon berry margarita (lunazel reposado, strawberry lemonade, and lime). It was so tasty and refreshing AND you can order it by the pitcher if you want. For my entree, I got the Flying Enchiladas. They are a combination of steak, chicken, and shrimp with three different enchilada sauces (picante rojo, chile verde, and ole red chile) with sour cream, guac, and jalapenos. They come with black beans and yellow rice as well. A very filling meal for only $12. You can't beat that with a stick.If you want the best Mexican restaurant in the city than don't come here, but on the other hand don't not go to juans! It's easy, and I really do enjoy their margs and chips and queso. Recently I've noticed that service hasn't been its best and waiting for the check takes longer than waiting for a dish to come out. Some tacos are a miss for me but I do rave about their bahn mi taco- def a must try!They aren't trying anymore and it shows. Fishy tasting shrimp quesadillas and soggy tortillas are not what was expected. 
Their trademark is funky with attitude, but the food should be fresh.
I will give them another try, but their heyday may have passed.Delicious restaurant for Mexican and drinks! I eat here at least once a week for lunch at work & still wanna come on the weekends for more! My favorites are the buffalo chicken tacos, taco salad, gutter punk, & chicken juaha rolls! Yum! And do not get me started on their drinks! 2 for 1 margaritas on Sundays allll day!Came here on a Tuesday around 12:30pm. I seated myself, and as I waited I ordered chips, queso, and salsa until hubby got here. Well, the queso was super runny and grainy. I told the server that I've been here before, and the queso was much thicker. She simply said that just the batch. She asked, "Do you just not want it?". I kept it so that my husband can try. The salsa was amazing as usual, but the queso was thinner than both my margarita and salsa. Daisy took it and apologized for the watery queso. 
Hubby order a burrito with tofu, and I had the street taco. Who doesn't LOVE taco Tuesday?! I was able to sub meat for black beans, and I had a side of pineapple salsa. The tacos with the mango margarita was awesome. 
Overall, our food and service was awesome, as usual. Hopefully,  when I return, the queso will be perfect.I was on the fence rating between a 3 and 4. I would rate a 4 if I still lived in NO, however I live in Houston now and know the difference of Tex mex burritos. It was good, service was good for being 29 mins before they closed. If you love Tex-Mex you will be disappointed. It was on the bland side for my husband and I taste.Really good food, service, and drinks here. The staff is very welcoming and this restaurant has every option for a vegetarian as they do for anything else.Oh how I miss my Juan's!!!  Frenchy and my friends!!!  Best el pastor, best Huevos rancheros, been going here for years!!  Best margarita, best bartenders.  I am lost without my "cheers"!!  Order from here and get great food, to go orders are taken care of...nothing is ever forgotten!  LOVE LOVE LOVE ME SOME JUANS!!!  And they have the handsome brother working there!!! LolPlaced an order at 5:04pm for the Mid-City location.  Arrived about twenty minutes later and waited in parking lot for text.
Got text (at 5:50) from Uptown location that my order was ready?  
Drove all the way uptown (arrived at 6:10 - 20 minutes after text saying order was ready) and was told order wasn't ready yet.
Stood around patiently for another fifteen minutes before explaining that I ordered at 5:04, got text at 5:50 saying order was ready and had now been waiting for a total of 45 minutes AFTER text.
Turns out they had the (first) name wrong on my order (even though it was correct on the text) and it had been sitting there for awhile.
My first visit and I can't say that the lukewarm burritos and half cooked corn chips & cold queso were worth the wait.We were looking for something to eat before we went on a flight back home and this place did not disappoint. Not only was their flame to fame burrito as good as it sounds, but their fish tacos are the best I've ever had. Highly recommend.Very good options and food menu. Of course I ordered to go during this pandemic and let me say the staff at this locations go above and beyond to make sure everyone is safe. The food came out fast and fresh. I ordered the big bowl add shrimp. I highly recommend this location. The staff is very professional.MY FAVORITE PLACE EVER. 
I probably go here way too often but I don't even care. Every time I come to juans, I sit at the bar and chat with the bartenders. Britt is my favorite - she's always so nice, attentive, quick, and sweet. 
My favorite thing to order is the vegetarian taco salad with creamy cilantro dressing. It's enough for two meals (although sometimes I eat it in one). The burritos, tacos, and quesadillas are also incredible, as are all the dips. I'm a sucker for a warm queso. 
I don't recall ever having a bad experience here. From the bar to the kitchen, it is a wonderful place full of good people, employees, food, and drinks.Been awhile since I was at Juan's  on Magazine but now I no why I have skipped for awhile 
First most of the staff were friendly and attentive. Not so much the food. It's quantity but not quality I remember-rather bland. Ordering was easy but not so the speed of the food to the table.
I often felt we were overlooked because of our age because the younger patrons seemed to have food faster than we did.
We had nachos and burritos. Maybe needed to try something different!First time at this Juan's location and I think I prefer it over the others. There's way less traffic, more parking, and it's a better place to just go to have a casual dinner.  We got seated immediately when we got there which was great. 
I ordered the Juan's Tacos with chicken. They were sooo filling which was perfect because I was starving by the time I got there. Our food came out really quick.  Our server was great with answering any questions and getting us what we needed. 
I definitely want to go try out their happy hour one of these days!I don't like burritos usually, but man I would come back every week for this breakfast burrito! So much flavor packed into that thing, but not too overwhelming. Very filling, with potato, cheese, egg, bacon, and sausage. I don't know what is in that magical sauce they use, but it elevates the burrito to another level.If you're looking for a traditional Mexican restaurant, this isn't it. But! The chefs take on Mexican cuisine is fun and exciting. It really took me a long time to figure out what to order as the menu was so enticing. I ended up choosing Juan's taco salad. While it doesn't come in a traditional taco bowl shell, they put chips on the side, it is packed so full of flavor that I ended up not needing most of the chipotle ranch salad dressing. I will be back soon as there are so many options that look so good!!