Id honestly rather eat frostop burgers. Unique menu and polite servers, but slow service and cold fries. Not BAD burgers by any means, just didn't blow my mind.Decent burger and really nice people running the place.  I got the 9th Ward with blue cheese.  The meat was way too raw inside next to the stuffing but it is difficult to get a stuffed burger perfect on the grill and they might want to do a bit of time in the oven with it to keep things more consistent.  I would probably stick with the non-stuffed version of the burgers here.  They also don't allow children inside due to the video poker machines not being in a secluded area (no other bar/restaurant in New Orleans bothers with this rule so I'm not sure why they do).  Overall I'm just not that inspired by the food to frequent the place but I would like to be so I hope they step up their game.Called this place as I was leaving from work to place an order. The worker that answered the phone was named Emoni. She told me that it would be about 20 minutes. Ok great. I leave work and get to the restaurant about 15 minutes later. I sit at the bar starving and anticipating chowing down on the burger. I sit at the bar another 5-10 minutes and then the other worker ask who I put the order in with and I tell her. Well apparently Emoni did not put the order in. At this point I'm upset. They asked if I wanted to place another order but that's another 20-30 minute wait and at this point I'm just tired after a long days works so I decline and there was no consideration to even give me a discount for my inconvenience even if I decided to order.Four stars. This place only opened up in the first part of June, so obviously I went there expecting things to be a little rough on the service side. But, it was a Wednesday at 5 pm so the place was empty and the service was great. Ordered one of the angus burgers with caramelized onions and cheedar (on top). Ordered mine medium rare and they got it right. The taste was everything I want in a burger. One gripe: my burger was falling apart... I couldn't hold it together while eating it. I'm sure the cooks will get the hang of it eventually, but it kept me from giving it 5 stars. Atmosphere is very chill and laid back... definitely feels like a mid-city joint.Good burger and service although it did take a little on the long side to get our meals. Their main thing is the Juicy Lucy, a series of stuffed burgers. At the recommendation of our waiter I tried the mac-n-cheese stuffed burger which very good. 
Quick note for those going with kids: Apparently you need to be 18 or older (or possibly 21? -- not sure of the exact rules) to enter the place. If not you can sit curbside on their sidewalk patio.Overall the burger was good. The beef was tasty and a good price.  A few mistakes though... The table was dirty. They forgot a few items, like the blue cheese on the burger, and I had two bottom parts of the hamburger buns while my friend had two tops. A
Other that it was good. We were a party of three and the average was $11. I'll go back in a few weeks to see if things have improved.Delicious and juicy as promised! And they have onion rings!!! Cute little resturant w/ great customer service. The only problem is that you can not order a custom stuffed burger but there are about 7 delicious combinations to choose from.I had been craving a burger for weeks so I stopped in with my daughter around 3pm on a Thursday.  
The interior is a vast improvement on Fiesta Latina, and my kid was facinated with the shiny ceiling painted to look like stamped tin.
I was told they couldn't serve us because they have video poker machines and they have not enclosed them yet.  I asked to do a to go order and that was fine.  The waitress was very pleasant and the bartender (or he could have been a second waiter I guess - he had a table in the front) was nice enough, though he seemed irritated at having to explain the video poker thing to another party with kids that came in while we were waiting.  
(There are tables outside, but I there isn't a burger on this earth worth waiting outside in the August heat with the ambiance of Carrollton traffic whizzing by.)
I had the 9th Ward (onions, garlic, mushrooms, blue cheese I think) and it was cooked perfectly.  The fries were seasoned well but not fresh, which I  guess I should expect at 3pm with only one other table in there, but the time it takes to drop one order of fries can't possibly be longer than it takes to cook up a burger.  Anyway, the burger was great.
We'll try it again in a few months when they work out the kinks and it is kid friendly.My classmates picked out this place after taking a very stressful final. The burger I had was very good! I had the "Juicy Kenner". When you bite into the burger the cheese and jalapenos oozes. So yummy! 
The parking is very limited (street parking). We came around 12:00 pm, and when we went inside it was really hot. The air was broken but that's okay! We sat outside and enjoyed our burgers. I would come again!The fries were good, the burger was fair but the waitress could not have been ruder. She has no business dealing with the public.Overall, the experience was good. The waiter was very quick to helping you and he was very courteous. When it came to the food, I had mixed feelings, where as my wife loved it. I got the 9th Ward Blues burger, and added Bacon. The idea is great, but the outcome was dry and lacking flavor. Next time i'll just get a regular burger so it can be cooked Medium Rare (all the stuffed burgers are well done). I also had the onion rings which were very good. My wife had the original, with caramelized onions and bacon, which was good and juicy. The sweet potato fries were very good too. We will be going back.I made a beeline to Juicy Lucy's for lunch today in an all out effort to replenish protein.  I'd left the house without breakfast because of an early dental appointment.  By lunchtime, my bio-rythyms were really out of kilter, and the proprietor at Juicy Lucy's smooth talked me into a Turkey Burger called the Bywater Burger.  It was a turkey burger, stuffed with Swiss Cheese and 5 Alarm Chili on a sesame seed bun, topped with pepper jelly, mixed greens and sauteed onions & mushrooms.  It sounded intriguing, so I requested  that the burger be prepared well done, which took a bit of time to do so.  When the food arrived, I was so famished that I neglected to cut the burger in half in order to eat a half at a time.  Big Mistake!
My unsatiated appetite prompted me to grab the Bywater Burger and bite into it and without warning, the stuffed melted Swiss Cheese and the 5 Alarm Chili squirted out.  Let me tell you that taste wise, the 5 Alarm Chili was not hot at all, but temperature wise, the Swiss Cheese that stuck to my left hand, chest, left cheek and left thigh was like nuclear hot.  I think I may have sustained a 3rd degree burn to my hand.  The eating experience was totally ruined.  And cost wise, I could have had two turkey burgers with the same ingredients prepared in the conventional manner elsewhere, for the price of the one Stuffed Bywater Burger at Juicy Lucy's.Visited this place after a day of bar hopping and it was fabulous!  Juicy Lucy's lives up to its name.  I had the fried boudin balls as an appetizer...pretty yum.  I am a huge fan of blue cheese, so the burger stuffed with it was the obvious choice.  There was literally juice oozing out after each bite..no pun intended. :)  The seasoned fries were crunchy and tasty.  This is a small joint, but the food packs a lot of flavor.  Service was courteous and quick.  Perfect place to get a burger fix at a reasonable cost.  The burgers are reasonably priced and the beers are cold.  What else could you ask for?I LUV Juicy Lucy's and the only gripe I have is that they never have the Barcardi that I like to drink.  I had the onion rings and I highly recommend them.  They triple batter them and when you bite into one, the batter stays on the rest of the ring.  YUM!!Great new idea for a burger joint - all the usual trimmings, plus your choice of stuffings for you burger! Delicious! And now also try the Juicy Lucy's Challenge - 4 lb burger and 1 lb fries in 30 mins or less!Pretty damn good burger and very friendly staffThe burger I had here had to be one of the best burgers I have ever eaten.  Brilliant idea to cook the toppings (cheese, bacon, onions and such) inside the burger instead of sticking it on top.  The staff was so nice.  And the food came out so quickly!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!been back at least 4 times since my initial review. Food has been delicious hot and fresh, consistently. Very laid back atmosphere and (like I said before) I enjoy the no-kids allowed mentality.Burgers are pretty good. Love the onion rings and boudin balls aren't bad either! The service is touch and go. I've had some really good servers and I've also walked out and opted not to spend my money there.Went here with a group tonight. There were a couple of snafus with our orders but that's to be expected with a large group. I got the 9th Ward Blues burger, stuffed with blue cheese and mushrooms, and it was quite tasty. The onion rings were very good, but unfortunately everybody's fries were a bit soggy and room temp when they came out. I was hungry enough not to care but I should have mentioned it. I had no expectations going in to this place, so I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't really wowed, either. What I got tonight was a pretty solid burger, to be fair, but it didn't blow me away.
I would like to note that if a few of the tables fill up, the room gets loud. One table of patrons kept glaring at our group all night, so I'm guessing we were too loud for them. Sorry, it's a burger joint. If you want a quiet dinner, go across the street to Venezia. 
I live Uptown, so I dunno if I would make a trip over to Mid City just to go here unless it was a special thing like tonight, but all in all it's a pretty decent place. If I ended up here again I wouldn't be disappointed.The burgers were good but I often don't like going to restaurants where I feel that I can cook the same thing at home and do it better/faster.The idea of a 'stuffed burger' is intriguing, so I gave it a whirl after work....
Its a great little bar/restaurant  in a great location.  I had a Juicy Kenner (jalapeno cheese) with onion rings.  While the onion rings were tasty, they obviouslywere fresh onions but the batter tasted more like a KFC chicken.  Good, but not particularly punchy, distinct flavor.  The burger? eh, I was underwhelmed (probably expecting 'stuffed' would imply something other than two slabs of beef).  I really get the impression you could get the same flavor pairings if you just put the cheese outside the beef.
This isn't a slight on the food....it was excellent but the ambiance of the establishment would be what I come back for (not necessarily the food)This is the 3rd time I've been to this place and I try to like it. However, the waitstaff is rude and negligent. The burgers are not terrible or anything but I would rather just either make my own or go somewhere that the waiters may actually not hate their jobs.  The first time we waited for an hour and the waiter forgot to put in our order (ok that happens I understand) but we had to be somewhere and he didn't even apologize nor could he careless that he made a mistake which left us leaving still hungry. Last night the waiters obviously did not want to be at work and hate their jobs and the cheese fries me and my friend split were probably the worst ever. The cheese wasn't melted and there were a handful of fries under nothing but still cold, shredded cheese. Won't be going here again.Where do I start , I went in to make a to go order I sat at the bar for 15mins before the waitress even acknowledged me while I was sitting there a white couple walked in she acknowledged them immediately seated them took there order then finally she comes up to me and asked what I needed so I kept my cool I ordered the juicy Lucy all american with fries I got my food took it home and began to eat when I noticed a funny texture I took a look at the meat the inside of the burger was completely raw when I saw it it made my stomach turn, so I called in to let them my food was raw the same lady that took my order answered the phone all she said come in and we'll make it over I said lady I drove from the westbank to get here there's to much traffic for me to come back now she didn't ask my name or when can I make it back over there she just hung up in my face.... HORRIBLE I WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAINI am sad to say that Juicy Lucy's is now forever off my dining list. I went in to watch a Saints game and sat at the bar with my boyfriend, and I ordered the 9th Ward Blues burger. It arrived quickly, but after a few bites I felt something strange in my mouth. I pulled it out and it was a strip or corrugated cardboard! I was cool about it, informed the bartender (a sweet girl who seemed just as repulsed as I was), and she put in for a replacement burger. Cool, no biggie....until the next burger arrived with even more cardboard inside! The poor bartender told the owner--who was sitting five feet from us, saw the whole thing, and never acknowledged our presence or the problem--and he did not seem to care one bit. I mean I understand that Saints games take precedence over a lot in this city, but really, dude? My burger was comped (I would've raised hell if it wasn't) but the whole experience soured me. I warned them that their entire batch was probably tainted, but I would bet that other patrons were pulling box pieces out of their burger after I left. Toodles, Juicy Lucy's...I wish we could have worked out.Had someone in town visiting last week.  It was a Tuesday.  They wanted a burger.  First thought was Company Burger... closed.  Second thought, Cow Bell... closed.  Third thought 3 Muses... closed.  Harrumph.  Whipped out my phone.  Checked Yelp.  Down the list I came across Juicy Lucy's.  I had been before with another out-of-towner.  Wasn't impressed then... still not impressed.  Neither of my companions were impressed either.  On this trip my friend ordered a regular beef burger.  They thought it tasted like they mixed their meat with bread crumbs.  FILLER!  They also didn't want tomato... it was there!  I order a plain old turkey burger with a VERY runny egg.  I got a very HARD egg.  Sent it back.  I am not tempted by any of the "stuffing's" to choose from.  It's just a medicore burger.  Nothing special.  Gotta step it up guys!  If my companion didn't insist on going out I could have cooked a much better burger at home.  If this place is my only choice, I prolly will do just that.
The atmosphere here is horrible.  It's too dark and seriously dated.  Just doesn't work anymore even here in NOLA.  
Years ago Food Network or Travel Channel showed the original place(s) (the 2 joints fight over who exactly started it first, whatev) who started this.  Somewhere in the Midwest I wanna say.  It's prolly the hottest thing going out there.  Not so much here.  Give me Company Burger.If you are looking for a seriously good burger, try Juicy Lucy's.  They put the cheese in the middle of the burger patty, it's amazing.  I had the Mid-City burger and in addition to cheese, they put bacon in the middle of the patty, yum!  The service is great, and they have a pretty good happy hour as well.I don't understand the negative reviews.  The stuffed burgers were terrific.  The service was friendly and attentive and yes, it did take awhile (though not an unreasonable amount of time), but the server refilled the soft drinks automatically and was always there to see if we wanted another beer.  The sweet potatoe fries are excellent.Yesterday, the girly and I couldn't decide on what to eat and it was too hot to cook (Good excuse, huh?). So after checking Yelp (of course), we decided to give Juicy Lucy a try. I have been making inside out burgers for years (Blue cheese with bacon and onion is my fave). But I usually only add the cheese on the inside. That way you get more cheese.
When we pulled up in front, we realized that this was the same location where we had our first meal in New Orleans together. A loud and uninteresting Latin place. We said it wouldn't last and I guess we were right.
But this is about Juicy Lucys, isn't it? 
We were greeted with "SIT ANYWHERE" when we walked in (nice, but there really should be a sign). The table we chose was clean and by the window where we could watch the prossie get picked up out front.
The burger selection is small but we both found one we thought we would like; The mid City.
We ordered one with fries (extra crispy) and one with onion rings...er...extra oniony...My fries were excellent. Perfectly cooked. The girly's onion rings were also very good.
I have to admit...I didn't really like the burger very much. It was over-cooked, dry, and hardly any cheese inside. I took a piece of bacon out and ate it separately, and I have to admit..it tasted a little off to me. Sort of like that meat they use in the cheap beef stews...It might have just been a reaction to being cooked once already and then recooked in the beef. No idea.  I only managed to eat about half mine. I admit, I wasn't as hungry as the girly but a fat man can usually polish off a burger and fries in one setting.
I also agree with the Jessica Rabbit thing. We joked about that during the meal.
There is also a few missteps with the service. I had to wave down the other waiter in order to get our bill. Our waiter was friendly but gave me the wrong bill and credit card. I understand...it can happen.
Another couple received the wrong burger and she had to wait there while her food got cold for them to bring him a new burger. But what made me laugh is their waiter, while walking by their table, asked if everything was good. The poor guy sort of half smiled and looked down at his empty stretch of table and shrugged back at him. So yeah. Still some things to overcome. 
I do like the concept (Or I wouldn't do it at home) but the execution still needs work. I'm very much willing to go back again in a month or so and try them again. They really were all very friendly and were trying hard.My friend was surprisingly hungry for some protein so we went on over to Juicy Lucy's a burger joint that I have been wanting to visit for a while. While my friend had trouble with his as a molten hot stream of hot cheese flowed all over him after one bite I had a more civilized selection of bacon and aged cheddar cheese that did not have the same reaction when I bit in. Surprisingly the turkey burger called the mid city was a home-made patty and not one of those preformed turkey burgers you find at most places. It was juicy with a nice smoked flavor from the bacon and juicy from the cheese both stuffed inside. I had a nice serving of sweet potato fries as well. Overall it was a very good meal though I did think it was a tad overpriced.The sweet potato fries were the best I've ever had - not soggy and not greasy, just perfectly crisp.  Unfortunately, that was the only thing I liked here.
I was excited about the idea of stuffed burgers, but after trying them I think they're definitely better in theory than in execution.  I got a simple cheddar stuffed burger and the cheddar actually liquified inside of the burger.  So, as soon as I cut it open, it all spilled out like liquid (not ooey-gooey melted cheese) and it was gone.  All that was left was an overcooked exterior.  I'd much rather just have the toppings *on* the burger where they won't get over cooked and the cheese will stay the texture melty cheese.  The actual burger itself was quite dry as well.  I assume thats because it had to be cooked longer to make sure the inside was melted.
That being said, I think I remember regular burgers with normal topping options on the menu too, so you don't have to try the stuffed versions.
I say it's worth a shot if you're curious.  It might be good to some, but it just didn't work out for me.Burgers are solid (especially the thin onion rings and blue-cheese stuffed patties), and the wait staff is friendly. Totally unpretentious, and don't expect to be wowed: it's just a good place to get a burger in Mid-City.We read several reviews on this place, but let me tell you, we didn't have any issues that some other people had.  
When we got there we were greeted immediately, told to have a seat anywhere, however the table we chose wasn't clean.  
The waitress arrived, didn't introduce herself, just asked if we wanted something to drink.  She took our drink orders, but didn't offer to clean the table. She returned with the beverages, but didn't ask to take our order. We asked her to clean the table.  She seemed surprised by the request, but obliged.  She returned with a damp rag and cleaned the middle of the table, but not the spots in front of where our plates and silverware would be.  That's when I thought, maybe the dialogue we read earlier was true! 
Then came Steven. He was our new waiter. He was awesome!  He introduced himself, was pleasant and eager to serve. He was just coming in and shared he was new to the place, about a week now. He also has a second job, which he had already been to.  
I ordered the Mid City Medium well with fries and my wife ordered the non-stuffed hamburger with blue cheese on top medium rare with onion rings.  My Mid City burger was awesome!  It was juicy with just the right amount of cheese and bacon and made medium as requested!  (They had NO ISSUES with ordering the burgers the way you like it)  The fries were thin cut, light and tasty.  My wife's burger was juicy and cooked medium rare, however the blue cheese was very salty!  More than usual. The onion rings were thinly cut, juicy and lightly breaded, perfect!!
This is definitely a place to return to with friend!  I wish them much success and I look forward to seeing them again.  Except the first waitress we had!This place is fun, but after a couple visits feels a little gimmicky with the stuffed burgers (but you can stuff them with mac and cheese sooo you know). The service is also not excellent - slowest, slowest, SLOW. EST. service even when I was with the only group in the restaurant. There are too many other great burger places in New Orleans to become a regular here.Is this a bar? Really, cus from the outside it looks like a restaurant. But when you enter the front door and are confronted by the looks of disdain from the servers and notice the "sports bar in a strip mall" decor you realize that something is amiss.  So as much as I would like to try beef stuffed with things, We could not because we had committed the faux pas of bringing our two year old with us to quench our hunger. I have now read all the reviews and realize I not missing anything and considering the haphazard approach to a business these guys have going they'll be closed before I give them a second-try.Went here for lunch after a friend's suggestion. Not much parking out front,  so that's a tricky situation. I arrived 10 minutes after opening time so I'm assuming I was the first customer of the day since no one else was in there.  I was greeted immediately and placed my order at the bar.  I ordered a Juicy Mid City burger and sweet potato fries.  The Mid City is a burger stuffed with sharp cheddar and Applewood Smoked Bacon.  The burger came out about 15 minutes after I ordered it. The size of the burger was disappointing for the price. The bill was $13.75 for just a burger and fries with no drink. The taste was good,  but not spectacular. Will not make the list of my favorite burger places, but stuffed burgers are tasty.The onion rings were pretty good. The juicy lucy does not live up to its name though as it is pretty dry. The service is also horrible. Waitresses with attitudes, and people messing up orders.
I think beach corner on canal is a much better hamburger.Got to try Lucy's today with my friend. y'know the reviews are either running hot or cold about this place so I wanted to check it out myself, especially because I'm a hamburger fanatic. First off I like the place but I do have criticisms. The logo on the signage is very similar to Yo Mama's and I'm just not a fan of the "Jessica Rabbit" cartoon logo, it's overdone and  VERY uncreative. The decor is dull and there is that awkward moment where you walk in and you stand there for a second and ask yourself "do I seat myself or do I just grab the first available table?" It's called SIGNAGE people. We opted to sit at the bar and the ladies behind the bar were very friendly and took good care of us. As far as the infamous "Well-done or nothing" attitude on the burgers, well I HATE well-done and asked if there was anyway they coud at least keep it from getting too burnt on the outside, and the waitress said no problem. I had the special (bbq sauce, bacon, colby-jack) and my friend had the Mid-city. They were both perfect and tasted delicious. I had the onion rings and she had the sweet potato fries. Both really good even though the SPF at parkway is better. The onion rings reminded of a place back in Lake Charles called the Dairy Barn. Prices were reasonable and I'd be happy to go back anytime!Do not get the onion rings! When you're in the mood for a burger and fries or onion rings, both have to be perfect or else you leave unsatisfied. I asked the waitress if the onion rings were thin or thick. She held her fingers apart in an attempt to show me. However, this is no answer, and does not clearly indicate either one. A simple "thick" would suffice, because they were indeed thick. And that's the way I like 'em! The kind of thick where only about 6 of them fit on the plate with the burger. Everything looked great when the plate was set down. However, the onion rings soon turned into a greasy mess. The rather bland fried batter did not stick to the onion. It fell right off. And there you have it! That's my biggest complaint. The burger was okay, but with all the other burger alternatives, I won't likely go back. And if I do find myself there again, I'll try the sweet potato fries.I was disappointed after dining at Juicy Lucy's.  I am vegetarian and was so excited to get the veggie burger.  I have eaten tons of veggie burgers and I knew right away it was a frozen patty made by Morningstar.  This is the same burger vegetarians can get a Burger King (and its not 10 dollars).  My boyfriend got a regular burger and he said it was very good.  All and all I would not go back nor recommend veggie eaters but carnivores may love it.Too expensive. $10 for a plain turkey burger which btw is not what I ordered. Won't be back. Even with a coupon. Later!!!Service sucks, but food is good
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------you can trick the review this way, instead of "just a tip"I've been here twice and I will never, ever go again. The first time I went on a weekday afternoon with my girlfriend. The place was almost empty yet the service was glacial. She ordered a stuffed burger with cheese fries and I ordered a plain one with plain fries. They took about half an hour to come out and were only mediocre. Her cheese fries were inedible, they looked like fries covered with cheese and microwaved until they were a solid mass of burned cheese.
I only went back because out of town guests insisted on going. There were seven of us in the group but otherwise the place was nearly empty. We all ordered and half an hour later out came six burger. The seventh burger, my burger, never showed up. I asked about it and the waitress said the cook forgot it and it would be another half an hour for it to come out. Not wanting to be served after everyone else had finished I just asked for some fries. Those took another ten minutes and came out so salty that I could not eat them. So no dinner for me that night. Everyone else said that their's were just OK.
I would give this place zero or negative stars if possible. A restaurant with mediocre food which it does not even serve to some guests is unacceptable. This place will not last long in New Orleans. The people just don't get it.I thought it was a pretty decent burger. I had the original and my wife had the All American.  Nothing I couldn't live without but better than what would be expected after reading the other reviews here.  Waitress was very nice.I am surprised that this place earned so many 1-star ratings. I guess the service and food can be inconsistent. BUT for me...
I had a great burger. It had the BEST flavor ever, plus with melted cheese at its core, it was a great burger. I've never been that impressed. (Other good burgers - at a cheap price - Wendy's doublestack lol and Carl's Jr for their bacon-gaucomole-burger).
The bread wasn't special. Standard bun. IF they toasted it just a little, it would help in gripping it better. Plus, I like my bun slightly toasted. Their onion rings...were just par. The waiter claimed it was really good but Outback's onion blossom is better. 
Their fries are solid, like a modified version of some of the Walmart-Burger king fries. 
Overall, I loved the burger. BUT after reading all the negative reviews on saltiness, service, etc, I guess consistency is what they lack? Who knows. But I am going back for a second and third time. After that, I will re-review and let you know.
*Note, I went again for a second time. Got the Hot-Lanta Burger. It was okay. Not a fan of the sauce and I had a medium-to-well done burger, which was a bit dry. However, my dad ordered a regular 1/2lb burger, medium. And That was pretty good. 
And again, the onion rings are average. Fries are pretty good/average. So I would still recommend this place.5 stars based on the service alone. Pam and a fun older lady are southern sweet.I liked this place OK until i took friends there and two of our burgers came out burnt. The owner gave a lot of excuses and didn't offer to fix our order or adjust our check by even the most paltry amount.  I would have settled for free drinks. Never going back.I checked out Juicy Lucy's last week with my husband. I'm a vegetarian  and always on the hunt for places me and my carnivorous husband can eat together and was told by a friend that this place has a veggie burger so we went. 
First of all, the wait staff was terrible. They were rude and forgetful and took a long time to just refill our glasses. 
The food is not that great. Maybe in another part of the country this food would be astounding, but not in New Orleans. I was told that the veggie burger can't come stuffed which was a bit of a disappointment because I really like cheese. When I got my food, it became clear why I couldn't have it stuffed. They don't make their own veggie burger patties. It was some pre-made atrocity that was really thin. They put two patties on the bun and it was STILL not enough. It tasted like a MorningStar burger that I could've made at home. I'm not paying $10 for a frozen burger. That's just ridiculous. I got 4 onion rings as a side. Super-bummed about that because they were the best part of my meal. My husband enjoyed his food but was less-than-impressed. He got a bleu cheese stuffed burger but it wasn't amazing enough to agree to go back there. 
I would recommend going someplace else. There's better out there, I promise.I tried the Juicy Gitti (stuffed w/ sautéed mushrooms, onions, garlic and Swiss cheese) and it was just ok. They tell you before ordering that the burgers are cooked medium-well to well done and you don't have a choice... Hence my burger was well done and a little dry. It was lacking in flavor and the fries were unsalted and too crunchy for my taste.
My wife had the Chef's choice which they called the Drew Brees'y Juicy or something like that. It came with macaroni cheese in it and was pretty disappointing, she only had about half the burger before calling it quits.
The service here was pretty poor. Upon greeting me the server asked how I was doing and I said good how are you and she responded "I'm here." Then when we were ready for the check she was outside smoking a cigarette and reading a book (we were the only customers in there and she was the only employee besides the cook who was also outside). We won't be coming back...Pretty good burgers on the side of midcity - if you like some spice in yours, go for the Kenner :)This place is known for their stuffed burgers... in my opinion they are a let down. The burgers are stuffed with greatness but they don't tell you they have to cook the meat so well done that it just turns to cardboard. I'm a person that likes a juicy, bloody burger so this place did not do it for me. The onion rings were ok.Never having a stuffed burger before, I walked over with some coworkers and was pleasantly surprised. I got the 9th ward burger with sauteed onions and mushrooms and swiss cheese- great! The experience was almost like eating jelly filled donut except a hamburger with a savory cheesy filling. That is to say...it was good as much as my analogy may not appeal to some readers.Came here as a tourist with a local friend of mine. Had a regular burger (not a stuffed one) and it was HUGE and delicious. Good value too. The onion rings were good as well. The service was not great, but to be fair it was a Friday night and the place was packed - I would have liked a water refill at some point.I have a secret to tell you!  I'm addicted to these burgers. I love having the stuffing inside the burger, but be careful, you can sometimes burn your mouth with the delicious goodness that is inside. It's something refreshing and new to me. I believe it's a great idea and we going back and back and back!Slightly above average burger. Cliche atmosphere. That's about it.Ok, Juicy Lucy's is not the best burger I ever had in New Orleans.  That honor still goes to Port of Call and here's the reason.  Juicy Lucy's forte seems to be stuffed burgers.  Its kinda of slider.  You can't get it cooked rare, medium rare.  That's a real downside for me.  The place is welcoming in a kind of kick back Mid City feel which is upcoming.  The service was attentive but nothing special.  The french fries.  I like 'em.  However, I don't like them rationed.  I want a mound of onion rings.  They were good all 10 of 'em.  French fries pretty standard but nothing special.  The burger was good but I kept thinking this was something my grandmother used to do.  Cook it till its done and cook it again.  Overall, I liked it.  I didn't love it.  It does what New Orleans does best......you're in what used to be someone's home.  That I like.  Putting anything in a strip mall automatically leaves a bad taste of "Anywhere America but not here".  I don't think Port of Call is as good as it used to be but I still believe it does what does and what it does is better than anywhere else in the city.STUFFED BURGERS!   So good.  Kind of shady and I am scared to use the bathroom but the burger is So SO SOOO good.Short version:average  bar quality food, average bar quality service, somewhat dirty environment. There are far better places to get good bar food uptown, like Half Moon Cafe, and a hundred places to get more gourmet burger fare.
We stopped for a late lunch on a Monday; there were very few patrons but the service was slow and waitress was less than friendly - not quite rude but it was obvious she wasn't interested in making sure we got decent service. The cokes were flat, the burgers came well done even though we didn't order them that way and our appetizer came out at the same time as the meal. The ketchup exploded all over when I opened it and the waitress handed me a few dry napkins - didn't even offer to get me any wet napkins or let me know where the restroom was. The table and the condiments were sticky. Overall not worth the time or money - there are far too many places with better food, better service and more character in this city.yes, I'm a fan of Juicy Lucy's... 
great local lets-go-somewhere-local kind of place... never had bad food here... good selection and food comes out freshly made and delicious. 
However.
Service can be tedious and inconsistent. Service is a big thing for me. I eat out rarely and when I do, I expect to actually be waited upon. Especially when you're charging $10 for a burger (only). I suggest the onion rings or sweet potato fries as sides but these don't make up for the burger prices... just sayin'... 
But (as I've said in prior reviews) when you have so many OTHER places within walking distance, your service must reign supreme or you'll easily be overlooked.
And the service could just use some work here... 
Go at lunch. Avoid dinner. Don't take kids or you'll eat outside (which is fine by me!)... the no kids thing is a major selling point...
But if you're in doubt, just try it! Good local burger shop...I wanted to try this place after I'd seen something similar on the Food Network.  Unfortunately, I was pretty disappointed overall.  My experience was similar to Tiff D's.  The beef was dry and not very good at all.  It's a BURGER spot...the BURGER has to be good.  All the cheese in the world can't make up for an under seasoned dry patty of beef.  I'm jus sayin....If I had read these Yelp reviews before trying Juicy Lucy's I probably would not have tried.  I really wanted to like this place, the concept of a stuffed "juicy" burger is appealing.  But the burger meat is over cooked and dry.  Hey, if you like your meat well done then fine, you will probably love Juicy Lucy's.. but if your like me and many other reviewers here and like your burger rare and juicy, this place will not be for you.  The atmosphere, staff, wine and bar selections all look good, and ; it is a funky little place in Mid City... but for a truly excellent burger, a few blocks away is Mandina's, that is where I should have gone in the first place.Like most semi-hip aging generation X-er, I am totally down with the burger craze that is sweeping the hipster-infested urban scene, but Juicy Lucy's could be so much better.  In the spirit of contributing to the greater good, I offer the following suggestions:
1. Can we add some creativity to the menu? Half of the burgers have cheddar and bacon.  What separates them from one another is the addition of sauce.  Another burger has, wait for it . . . blue cheese.  Ooooh!  This is New Orleans - you've gotta be kidding me.  Let's add some crazy shit to our burgers!  Mac & cheese! Chutney and brie!  Cream cheese and jalapeno! Come on, now.
2. Can we add some more meat to the damned thing?  At $10+ a pop, a person expects a decent sized burger.  I can do a lot better going to the grocery, stuffing a burger, and grilling the thing myself.
3. See #2, or lower the prices.
4. In the spirit of #2 and #3, can we make it so that fries are not extra? I understand having to pay more for onion rings (sort of), but fries should be included.
5. Don't hire wait staff that don't understand basic customer service.  When a patron orders an appetizer, please bring the appetizer.  Do not not bring the appetizer, receive notice that the appetizer was forgotten but that the customer STILL wants the appetizer, and then AGAIN not bring it.  That is just shitty business.
Sincerely,
PMFLMy boyfriend and I attempted to eat dinner here  on a Tuesday night as I had heard good things about this place. I say attempted because we never actually got food. We arrived around 7 and the server sat us with barely a "hello". After taking our drink order and being generally unfriendly it took about another 10 minutes before he took our food order. He never wrote it down but it was an easy order so I didn't think anything of it. After about 35 minutes or so I noticed that two other tables who arrived well after we did were receiving their food. My boyfriend asked our waiter where ours was and he went to check on it. He came back a few minutes later and said he was sorry but didn't see our ticket and asked what we ordered. Upon telling him we were leaving and not waiting for our food he responded with, "I'm sorry, I wish you would have said something." Let me add that he walked by our table multiple times and refilled our drinks without saying anything about the fact that we still had not received our food. I'm not sure whether or not this is the reason but I did notice that we were the youngest people there and everyone else was middle aged. Age should not determine what type of service I receive. We eat at restaurants all of the time and always tip well. I was planning on bringing my family here when they visit from Chicago next week but that will not be happening and I will be making sure that no one else I know will be eating at Juicy Lucy'sOverall the burger was good. The beef was tasty and a good price.  A few mistakes though... The table was dirty. They forgot a few items, like the blue cheese on the burger, and I had two bottom parts of the hamburger buns while my friend had two tops. A
Other that it was good. We were a party of three and the average was $11. I'll go back in a few weeks to see if things have improved.
Update: burger: mediocre. Overcooked and salty. Poor quality ingredients. 
The waitress really wanted us to leave although the place was almost empty.I ordered a regular burger with sweet potato fries and so did my boyfriend, but he got onion rings. When the burger came out it had a pool of grease on top of it, which I had to sop up with a napkin. That should have been my first clue. I ate half of the burger which was incredibly salty, and the other friends at my table said theirs were also salty. The burger was not delicious, but I guess the sides were okay. I couldn't believe how greasy it was. Later that night I got incredibly sick, and I won't go into details - and I definitely won't go there again.Had it today with co-workers. It was good but wasn't the best stuffed burger. And to charge my co-workers $1 for an additional topping. Not sure if I'll try it again. Lady that was there during lunch time could use some help. She had a full house and nobody was helping her.Pretty good service. The burger was great. The boudin was authentic. Plan on going back.I was really impressed by this place! They seem to have hit their stride even though they have only been open for a week or two. I have already eaten there twice! As far as the food goes, every element was spot on.  The bun was nicely grilled so it didn't fall apart when you started eating the burger. The burger was nicely grilled (maybe a little too much for some but I like mine like that) and juicy, as promised in the name. 
I got the Mid City burger both times and it was stuffed with the right amount of cheese and bacon. The bacon in the second hamburger was a lot less crunchy than the first one though. Instead of iceberg lettuce they give you mixed greens, which is nice.
The sweet potato fries were lightly salted, which was a nice touch that I will have to try again. The onion rings were great, they seemed to be hand battered and not the pre-frozen processed kind. Also giving them credit because they serve Zapp's potato chips as an option.
Prices are appropriate. The only thing that would make this place better would be if they served milkshakes!
Oh, and the waitresses are very chatty and want to share their life stories...sometimes that's fun and colorful but can also be a little annoying.We really enjoyed this place.  Cute decor, friendly service, and lots of burger combos to choose from.  Hubby had the MidCity Lucy,stuffed with cheddar and applewood smoked bacon, I had the Lower 9th Ward, stuffed with onions, garlic, mushrooms, and blue cheese.  Both were delicious!  Well cooked, over stuffed, and massive.  We liked the onion rings, very fluffy and light batter, perfectly cooked.  We also tried the appetizer of the day, and here's where they lost a star... we ordered the boudin balls, and were a bit disappointed to only get 3 walnut-sized pieces.  They were great, very flavorful and yummy, but 3?  Come on.  Oh well, we're about to eat 1/2 pound burgers, so who cares?  This chick.  When the bill came, and we found that 1/2 a pound of awesome stuffed with delicousness with a side of onion rings is $9.85 (a great price) but 3 small boudin balls is $7.95.  Wtf?  We agreed we'd go back for the burgers, but would absolutely never be fooled in to ordering appetizers again.They put bacon.  Inside the burgers.  Read that again as many times as you need to, I understand entirely if what I just wrote seems too good to be true.  If that wasn't good enough.... they put cheese inside the burgers, too.  And if, for some colossally mind-blowing reason THAT isn't enough for you, you can also put bacon and cheese on top of your bacon-and-cheese-stuffed burger. I know.  I know.  I'll give you a moment to collect yourself.
If you're not a huge fan of red meat there are grilled chicken and turkey burger options. As well as a black bean burger for the vegetarians. I'm not entirely sure if it's also vegan so you might want to check if that's going to be a concern. 
All burgers come dressed with mixed greens and a tomato. I flippin' love the fact that they use mixed greens and not lettuce... there's nothing that ruins a burger for me quicker than limp, flavorless lettuce.  Oh, and you get a choice of fries, sweet potato fries, or Zapp's chips. Get the sweet potato fries, they're that perfect combination of crispy and soft that all fries should be, but all too often aren't. 
A warning to those with children: the inside is off-limits to the under-18 set due to the video poker machines on the premises. But there are tables outside for the family types so never fear.
A warning to those who enjoy rugrat-free dining: no kids allowed inside. Enjoy the peace and quiet!
I'm not a drinker by any means but there's a pretty solid beer/wine/spirits selection available including draft schooners.
They're open pretty late (til midnight during the week and 2 am on weekends) and sometimes have a little 3-piece jazz ensemble playing inside. The waiter usually on duty (I'm rubbish with names so forgive me for not remembering) is the friendliest guy ever and super helpful/non judgmental if you're overwhelmed by all the delicious options available to you and can't seem to decide on a damned burger already even though you've had the menu for fifteen minutes already, yeesh. I might be speaking about myself there, but then again I might not be.Not knowing a thing about the place, we stopped in for a quick lunch and had a most excellent surprise.  Ambience is casual, with a dark wood, tin tile coolness.  And they had the best burger ever at a reasonable price!!!!!!!!!!!!  The burgers are stuffed - mine was 2 inches high with sharp cheddar cheese and apple-smoked bacon inside.  Seriously superb.  My dining companion is a veghead and loved her veggie burger as well!  It was not a thawed out piece of cardboard but instead, she said it tasted homemade with tons of flavor.  And the onion rings!  Crisp, real.  No disgusting thick breading but instead they were fried to perfection with a light, crispy batter.  Delicious, every bite.  Also, the owner came to our table to see if everything was alright.  A class act.  I will be taking every meathead I know to Juicy Lucy's..Just had my first visit, and first Juicy Lucy.
The previous restaurant in this location was pretty mediocre. In fact, there are quite a few mediocre (yet successful) restaurants in this area. With all of that in mind, and despite being ecstatic it was open, I was expecting Juicy Lucy's to be mediocre as well. Much to my surprise, it was far from it. 
The second I heard a burger joint was opening in Mid City, I immediately thought about how great of an idea it was. There are 3 fairly mediocre Mexican-themed restaurants, 4 Pizza/Italian restaurants, and a few higher end places within walking distance. I'm tired of all that crap--some of it's great, but if you live or frequent this area, you might get frustrated at a lack of variety. Which is why serving burgers is probably the best idea any restaurateur has had for this part of town.
Juicy Lucy's is probably one of the most solid restaurants I've visited in awhile. We had three people at our table, and everyone thought the food was pretty good and would come back again. I think for a brand new restaurant, in a brand new place, that few have ever heard of, that is pretty damn amazing. This place was good and smoothly landed me into a ground beef euphoria. 
The concept here is stuffed burgers, so basically they throw some cheese, and a variety of other things and wrap it in a ground beef patty. It comes out being a burger with a pocket of melty gooey goodness. They have about 5 or 6 different types of burgers to order stuffed, and you can also get a regular burger and pick your cheeses and toppings. Burgers come with a side, onion rings, fries, or sweet potato fries. For an added 2.50 you can get truffle fries! And of course, beer is served. 
The down side for me was the decor. It was kind of dark and drab, which put me into a tired mood. A mood that is hard to break regardless of how good the food is. I also think it would be great if you could choose what you want stuffed. Obviously the kitchen probably doesn't want to over-complicate things, but I'm sure you could let people mix and match some things quite easily. 
Go eat here, and eat here often. If a restaurant starts out serving solidly good food, it can only get better. I'm already planning my return visit.I really wanted to like this place since it's within walking distance to my house. I had the original stuffed burger, American cheese stuffed in a large burger.  I asked if I could get it stuffed with Cheddar cheese, without bacon, but that wasn't doable, so the original for me. It looked great, it smelled great, but it wasn't great.... After the first bite, all of the cheese leaked out and was just a mess in the bottom of my basket. The burger was very salty to me and also to my husband who tasted it. My husband got the special Boudin on a stick, he said it was okay. It was a very small portion, 3 Boudin balls on 3 sticks. All in all, I don't think I'll go back.  There's too many other really good places to waste on this meh place. Also, this is not a place for kids. We had a friends daughter with us, and since she was under 18 we had to sit outside due to video poker inside.GRACIE IS THE BEST WAITRESS IN NEW ORLEANS. 
Yep. I said it. It's the truth. This is the first spot we hit upon landing in Nola. We wanted burgers & booze, and it looked inviting. The man who seated us showed us the menu, and how you can get your burgers stuffed with whatever delicious shit you want. Holy hell. And I can top it with whatever too?! Marry me. Gracie was our server. She was the epitome of southern charm. She helped us with everything. Got us tasty cocktails we hadn't heard of, told us about the parades & where to go, gave us the # to the restaurant in case we needed help, brought us amazing food on a stick & burgers...I loved every minute. 
Give that woman a raise, and a hug from San Diego!!!Wish I could give a good review but this place has some fatal flaws. I moved to Midcity when I was pregnant. I looooove veggie burgers and sweet potato fries. This place has delicious veggie burgers AND really good sweet potato fries! But they NEVER get my order right. They get it painfully wrong almost EVERY time. They have given me turkey burgers and regular burgers. They gave me a turkey burger when I came in for my free meal that they gave me as an apology for getting my order wrong so many times. Sigh... Also, the one food that I really can't stand is pickles. I told them clearly each time, "please do not put ANY pickles in with this order!" I even specifically explained that my aversion was especially severe while I was pregnant. Every time, the damn burger came out SMOTHERED in pickle slices. I was always very nice about all this. They were super nice too. Super apologetic. Very friendly and kind. That's why I kept going back! Went about ten times and they got my order right twice. No exaggeration. And that's a pretty simple order. Haven't been back in about six months and never plan to eat there again. Oh, and no kids are allowed inside since they have gaming devices. It's a burger joint, come on guys. Get some damn doors around your gaming section because I know a lot of disappointed parents who don't eat there because their kids can't. I wasn't allowed to carry in my newborn once to get my takeout. Ended up at Doson next door, which is by the way quite delicious. Just go there!OK so I have gone 3 times over the past year. The first time I thought I had a stomach ailment which made me feel bad after I ate there.  The second was not as bad but I ate a different burger, still some discomfort. The last time I got a plain burger. It was over cooked and very very salty. About an hour later I had heartburn. Took some tums. Seems they use some spice in the meat. Too much salt to me means they are hiding some off flavor. Not sure what spice in the mix hurts my tummy though. The fries would be nicer if they leave off the spice mix they sprinkle on. I am not spending that much on a burger to have to medicate my tummy after I eat it. There are better burger places around. And a new one will open soon near by. Three shots, bottle of tums, no more tries from me.Burgers are homemade so the flavors have been inconsistent whenever we go. Sometimes, it's bland and other times, it's drenched in salt. But they're usually big and juicy so I can't complain. But I honestly think the best thing on the menu are their fried boudin balls.
Get their onion rings. They're homemade. Fries are nicely seasoned too and taste like they're made in house. The sweet potato fries are the stuff you get in the freezer. 
Service has been mixed. Sometimes, they're great and other times, they have a tendency of forgetting about their only table. 
Parking's also a pain. I've never been there for lunch but I've always managed to get there after 6 p.m, so end up parking at that Capital One parking lot and walking over.Depending on what patty you get, your burger might be evenly oozing out delicious cheese. But oftentimes your burger might just have cheese in one area. The food is Good. It's close to home so we walk there occasionally. Convenience is key on our continuing to visit. Staff is not overly friendly but not bad either. Usually just 1-2 people working the small dining area when you are eating in. 
Oh, and they finally now allow kids inside. I don't know why they didn't advertise the change. They'd probably be busier if those with kids knew they made that change...OMGY, 
Jucy's have some of the biggest, juiciest burgers. I really had a good time hanging out here. Very intimate, great customer service, outdoor seating, tv's for the games. Wish I could keep this place all to myself. 
The sweet potato fries were cold by the time I ate them, but they were very flavorful. I had cravings for turkey burger all day. My addiction is taking over my life. I need an intervention but in the meanwhile, I might get another burger tomorrow for lunch.Oh my!  The Juicy Mid City I had today was so tasty and delicious, but not juicy at all.  Although,  the seasoning on the burger had me licking the outside of the patty in sheer bliss.  I was craving a burger that was so juicy that it would run down my arm and...I'm still craving one.  I will be back for that incredible seasoning but, this time I will order a regular burger and add my toppings so I can get it cooked the way I want it.  Oh, forgot to mention you can pick your temp on regular burgers but not the stuffed burgers.  I can't wait to taste that perfect burger next time. Did I mention the service was EXCELLENT, at lease our server was!