I was so disappointed tonight. I ordered garlic chicken,mandarin chicken and the green onion pancakes. When our order arrived the pancakes were soggy and mushy. The garlic chicken was good but they delivered us the curry chicken rather that the mandarin. When I called the restaurant to let them know they made a mistake the incredible rude woman tried convincing me that the curry chicken was mandarin. I even told her I didn't want them to redeliver, she went on and on telling me I didn't know what mandarin chicken was as that the curry chicken was mandarin.
I have been ordering from Jung's for years now and as of tonight this will be my last order. It would have been nice if there was some acknowledgement of the mistake rather than treating me as if I am a moron and be so condescending. I don't understand how such unkindness and lack of any responsibility toward your customers keeps people coming back. Thanks but no thanks.This is great Chinese food! It's a little pricey compared to more casual Chinese places, but well worth it. Seriously, the best Gen. Tsao's Chicken I've ever had, made with whole breasts fried in a light, crispy batter with a not too sweet, complex sauce. The sesame noodle appetizer is awesome as are the green onion pancakes. The crab rangoon is also excellent. Service is very friendly, & our server even made suggestions for us. This is now my go-to Chinese place in the city.The food was expensive and by far the worst food I've ever had. I will never eat there again and warn anyone traveling to the area to stay away.The traditional menu is extraordinary. This is a fun place to dine with children, as well. My boyfriend and I went with his three boys and it was such a delight being there with them. Tonight I went with my lbrother who studies kung fu and he taught me how to order and eat family style. We got sesame noodles with cucumber from the yellow menu, we got buns (I think that is what they are called--they were dumplings served over steamed lettuce in a woven basket), and he got the szechuan eggplant..And then they let me order something that used to be on their menu which was the grilled fish. The grilled fish was so delicately battered and elegantly flavored. Then for special occasions sometimes I like to order the Mai Tai which comes in a beautiful green glass with an umbrella. The fortune cookies have thoughtful, interesting messages, as well. I have spoken to the owner and she has told me interesting stories of her life and her family's life. This restaurant is a beautiful treasure in our city and definitely one of my favorite places to go to dinner. I am thankful for their food and the kindness of their servers.yummy not sure who general tso but his chicken is remarkable!  will have this place on speed dial. super goodWhile I've never actually gone into the physical location, I've ordered it plenty of times when I'm too lazy to leave my house.  The delivery is always really prompt and the food is good.  There's one thing on the menu that I always accidentally order that is good but not my favorite and I wish I could remember so I don't make that mistake again but when I get my order right it's a good day to be had while vegetating at my house watching tv.  I also need to make sure I only order what I can eat because my fridge always ends up smelling like the food for days.  In other words, the portions are nicely sized.The quality of food the was excellent. The fried rice is awesome. The lunch portions are worth the price. It is worth a trip from Kenner.So i've been in NYC for a couple weeks and one thing they have over us is Chinese food. Hands down. But what i love most about the Chinese up in the city is there are true soup dumplings which after my last visit, i had to find soup dumplings in NOLA, but to no avail. 
I am determined, still. 
Ordered the steamed dumplings which were really good with the sauce that's given, it's real tangy n sweet with a bit of a kick, not bad. 
For my entree i got the sweet n sour crispy fish which was hardly crispy.  Maybe because i ordered takeout.  Anyways the fish were soaking in a pool of sauce and they quickly became soggy.
Overall the food was okay, the workers were very nice also!Juang's Golden Dragon is the best Chinese food in the area PERIOD. Consistently delcicous and a quaint atmosphere with friendly service ads to the overall experience, but the food is why you should venture down Magazine street and look for the multi-colored glowing dragon. They are open later than most places in the area and can always walk in towards the end of the night and get a table.
The real beauty in Juang's is found in their daily specials and the Chinese menu.  I don't want to let a cat out of the bag but ask for the Chinese menu when you sit down and don't be scared to go outside the box with ordering. I have tried something new each time and come away very satisfied. 
Recently I tried the Spicy Chicken & Peppers and it blew my sox off! There was so much heat and so much taste in one bite that I felt as if the Golden Dragon was breathing sweet juicy fire down my throat and I couldn't get enough of it. It was a good heat too, didn't linger too long, but let you know it was there.
If you are looking for authentic Chinese food and not your regular fried rice and general tso's (which they offer, but I have never tried) then definitely hit up the Golden Dragon !Order from the Chinese menu--the Szechuan dishes are amazing.  This place is nothing like the two previous restaurants that occupied the space and is by far the best Chinese restaurant in the city.  Eat here.  Right now.  Then get delivery.   Get it?When we were walking along Magazine Street, we ate dinner here. Based on this dinner, I give this restaurant a good rating. The won ton soup is outstanding. I enjoyed the combination plate serving of shrimp fried rice with  sweet and sour shrimp.
   I would have liked to have seen popular entries such as lo mein, chow mein, and shrimp with lobster sauce offered in the combination dishes. But like I wrote, I was happy with what I ordered.
  The waitress was attentive and friendly.
   As far as the restaurant environment, it is casual. 
   As far as returning, I most likely would if I lived 2,100 miles closer.Ordered Sweet and sour chicken, got it home: A fried chicken plank cut into squares, expensive too, 11.00 for a basic meal that 6.00 at any other cheap Chinese joint.Very few experiences compel me to come right home and immediately write a review. Congrats goes to Jung's for being so bad..
We came in for a late lunch on a Sunday. I was pleased by the tofu options on the menu, and we were ready to enjoy a nice meal (I assumed as much, since the place had 4 stars on yelp...) Anyway, the decor is nice, except the bathroom was gross, and our silverware was greasy.
We ordered our drinks after sitting there for 5 minutes. Husband got a mai tai, which he said was very good. Friend and I got diet cokes, which were from bottles, so no refills. Another person came to take our food orders. She couldn't understand my questions, but was fast and polite. We waited about 20 minutes, before my food came out. Just mine, and without the brown rice I asked for.... I got the "tofu family style", which was pretty boring. I waited a few minutes as not to be rude, but had to start eating because it was getting cold. Husband's food comes out 10 minutes later... His was a mess. Giant squares of tofu that were too large for chopsticks. The sauce was really good, but veggies could have been added for variety. My friend actually had to ask where her food was, because she waited ANOTHER 15 minutes (at least) for a simple dish- pork fried rice. Her food came out, and she said it was just OK..
So, here's my breakdown: food is mediocre at best, service is bad (I am very tolerant and usually don't complain, but this was ridiculous), and the prices were a little high. I would avoid this place!A waiter at Luke's recommended this place.  He told me that if I was looking for Chinese food in New Orleans, that the only place to look at was Jung's Golden Dragon.  The waiter also recommended that we order from the Chinese menu (not the American menu).  I ordered from the Chinese menu and I dont regret it.
The decoration of the place is very nice, and what I saw of the place looked very clean and new.
As soon as we were seated, we couldnt wait for our food to arrive because the food at the table next to ours looked fabulous.  We ordered five separate dishes.  Once our food arrived, we shared with each other and the food was great.
For appetizer I ordered the fried dumplings and they were delicious.  My friends enjoyed them too; the serving included 10 dumplings.
I ordered the Mongolian Beef, and it was delicious.  It was a spicy dish, but not overpowering.  There was plenty of beef in the dish with onions and a delicious sauce with flavor that I dont have words to describe.  The dish was served with steamed rice.
My friends ordered a couple of chicken dishes that looked and tasted great.  Another friend ordered a Beef Shanks w/tendon dish that turned out to be delicious but it had a lot of tendon.  From what I hear, Chinese people love tendon.  My friend mentioned it to the owner and the owner had his dish recooked in a few minutes with way more beef than tendons.  The chuncks of meat were tender and delicious.
For all dishes, the size of the portions were generous, therefore we left there more than satisfied.  This was definitively the best Chinese food I have had in New Orleans. 
I will definitively return to this place.  I am not giving it 5 stars because I save the five stars for a fine dinning type restaurant.Food was great, but the baby roaches we found crawling around the dining room after we finished will ensure we wont be back. No telling what its like in the kitchen. An extermination is in order.I love this place. It offers very traditional Chinese food if you ask for their Chinese menu. Nice and friendly staff.I'm in NOLA a lot as my in-Laws live here, and while I LOVE the native cuisine here, after a while it's nice to have a bit more variety and I get a hankering for some good Chinese food.  Having sampled a few of the Chinese restaurants in NO in an attempt to find decent authentic food, I had started to feel rather hopeless.  Until I went Jung's.  I had skipped over it for a while due to the low rating on Yelp, but decided to give it a chance when I saw that they have a separate authentic menu.  
I had the seafood soup, the mala fish and the shanghai dumplings: The soup had cucumbers and bok choy (I was relieved to see that there was no broccoli in it.  Broccoli is NOT authentic!) as well as small bits of seafood (do NOT expect a lot of seafood as you would in a gumbo).  The broth was very nice and delicately seasoned.  The soup comes in a large bowl meant to be shared between 3-4 people, or could be a large soup for one.  
The mala fish (ma la as in Szechuan pepper) was had both Szechuan and red peppers in it, making for a nice mix of spicy and numbing.  My only complaint is that it was slightly on the salty side for me, but it didn't leave me feeling like I needed to guzzle water like I feel after eating at some Chinese-American places.  It was a huge portion that easily serves 4.  
The Shanghai dumplings were alas not as good, but REAL shanghai soup dumplings are very difficult to make right.  You could tell that they were homemade, and were served in a bamboo steamer.  I'd say they were ok.  But the skin of the dumpling was a bit on the thicker side, and the inside was not soupy like it should be.
Overall, I'd say that the food here was head and shoulders above other restaurants that I've sampled in the area in terms of being both tasty and authentic.  I chatted with the owner for a bit, and she told me that they import a number of ingredients straight from China, and get Asian produce from Houston or Atlanta--so they really make an great effort to use authentic ingredients -- instead of just throwing broccoli in everything (nothing against broccoli in of itself, it's just NOT authentic).  
Reading through reviews here, it seems that quite a few of the bad reviews are related to the service.  I thought the owners were perfectly nice and friendly.  You can tell that the wait staff are more recent immigrants though, and don't speak great English.  Also I'm pretty sure the owners are from Northern China, and like northerners in the US, tend to be a bit more brusque compared to southerners.  If you want good authentic food, sometimes it just goes with the territory.We actually walked in actually 5 minutes before the restaurant opened. But they let us go ahead amd sit down. That's nice because it was rainy outdoors. The meal, service etc... was flawless. The owner even chatted with us about China, the culture and food practices. If i had any complaint it was the tea was not very warm. The sauteed duck was great as was the beef shank hot pot.Let me start by saying I have ordered here several times before and the food is decent.  
Today, I had a bad cold and wanted hot and sour soup and orange juice.  I ordered extra stuff figuring I would be in bed sick for a few days.  I ordered online and received confirmation that my order would be delivered by 4:41pm.  (a little less than an hour later)  When I didn't receive my normal courtesy call, I called to make sure my order was on the way.  They didn't have the order, so I repeated it on the phone.  
Online order total was $35.46, over the phone $36.19..not the biggest deal.
When my delivery arrived, there was no orange juice...not the biggest deal
The kid didn't handle it correctly,long story short, he was not accomodating, so I took $2 back from his tip.  
I called and told the lady I didn't get my OJ and the kid wouldn't let me keep the receipt
Another hour passes.  No OJ.  The lady told me that the driver told her I took my money back for the juice.  I told her that was from his tip because he was arguing with me.  I had to show him on the receipt where I was charged.
It is now 8:00 and I was told he was on the way with my juice.  
I have been waiting over 4 hours now with no apology and no juice and $40 worth of chinese food.
I understand mistakes happen, but how you fix them can make a big difference.
Orange juice arrived in a fountain drink cup melted ice!!!  After all that, I am not taking the chance of that driver spitting in my oj.  Who the heck serves OJ over ice for delivery?
UGHHWe were told about this Asian jewel a few days ago.  Now, I can't stay away from this place.  This is as real as it gets in Chinese food in New Orleans.  I am trying to go through the menu and try something different per visit, so tonight I tried the beef with broccoli, it was delicious, but my favorite still remains the Mongolian Beef.  I also had a cup of egg drop soup and a couple of crispy spring rolls.  The soup was great, a little thick and full of flavor.     
Next time I have me eye on the sesame chicken or schezuan chicked (dont know yet).Service was okay. Food came out at strange times and wasn't very flavorful. Better Chinese options in the area.I have eaten many times at Jung's at her location in Metairie as well as on Magazine.  My favorite is the Chicken with Broccoli, their hot and sour soup, shrimp toast.  You can ask them to kick it up a notch if you want your dish a little spicer.  The proprietor is very friendly and interesting to converse  with.  Highly recommend.  It's not your pop Chinese buffet food but "real" Chinese cuisine...Is there less than one star? This restaurant was awful. The servers were pleasant but amazingly slow. The food was less than subpar. The ma po tofu was bland. Even the rice was old and coagulated. My husbands mandarin chicken was slathered in a tasteless brownish green gunk, tasting slightly with hopes of curry. The crab rangoons were disgustingly sweet. Even the fortune cookies were stale. I have never waited so long in a Chinese restaurant with just one other table for terrible food. Was looking forward to finding a new Chinese restaurant but this is definitely not it. Three words, don't do it!I was really enjoying my wonton soup until I discovered a large bug floating in it. It was a pickup order placed thru UberEats but the staff at the restaurant did not make much of an effort to make the situation right.I ordered via yelp. Ordering was easy. Food was ready on time.and best lo main I ever had. Also the chicken with broccoli was perfect.
I will dine in next time.Legit sezchuan food..hard to come by in New Orleans. Love the mao po tofuDecent...but not great. Ate a lot of chinese food back when i lived in SoCal so my standards may be a bit high. The food here was pretty average. We ordered the whole peking duck. Menu says it comes with steamed buns but we got the crepes that's normally eaten with mushu pork. Lo mein was a bit greasy and the szechuan chicken didn't have much heat to it. The pan fried dumplings came out all attached to a thin film of 'dough'?...never seen it made like that before and I've eaten plenty of dumplings before. Service was great though.Pretty Solid.  I was tired of the ol' scene in the french quarter and came here.  I wanted to stay away from fried anything...
I think hands down their grand marnier shrimp was the best variation of honey walnut shrimp I've ever had.
They used pecans instead of walnut.  The prawns were chubby and juicy.  With a sweet honey butter taste.  Popped in the mouth.  pretty delicious.
The mandarin chicken wasn't so impressive.
Value for dollar I was pretty happy. Lunch special was about 8 bucks...  our server was friendly and spoke english.  
I hope i get to return soon....I ordered 2 drinks, while looking at my menu. The menu was wet, and gross to the touch.  The smell of the place made me wonder about the quality of good. I paid for my 2 drinks. I asked for a to go cuo, as I was leaving realized how awful my drink was. I didn't go back, because I didn't want to deal with it. I highly recommend you pass this by for some better places down the street.It took a while to write this review due to a work situation. Now that I'm free, I can be honest about the experience.
I had tried the food from Jungs when it was in Metairie and owned by the current owner's family. It was so bad, I walked out. Greasy and nasty and I could NOT even compare it to other Chinese dishes I'd had because it was all grease. 
I had a meeting only an hour after my work and this was close to where I had to be.
The interior is fine. No complaints. The server was ok; nothing wrong there.
The only problem I had was the food. The egg drop soup starter was THICK and congealed. It was almost flavorless and jello-like. 
I ordered the intestines. Now I've eaten these all over and I generally like them. These were not good. Instead of a stir fried with proper XO sauce,   these were cooked with cucumbers which gave the entire dish a really sickly flavor. 
I've ordered this exact dish several times and the entire dish never tasted like cucumbers before. It, like the soup, had a gelatinous texture and actually made me gag.  
The waiter tried to convince me it was because I wasn't Asian so couldn't handle the intestines. He backed up once I explained I have eaten it over 100 times.
The crispy onion pancake was the best dish but it was a bit hard and crumbly, not a texture I really enjoyed. Tried sticking it in the soup to soften it up but no joy for the fat man this meal.
I would suggest this place to people on a diet who still want to go out but not eat.As suggested by others on Yelp, we ordered from the yellow "authentic Chinese" menu, and we're not disappointed. The Ma Po Tofu and the Sautéed Chicken with peppers were spicy and properly tingly. So far, the best Chinese food I've had in New Orleans to date. The service was attentive; the restaurant itself clean and comfortable.The food is good, especially by New Orleans standards where Chinese food is pretty terrible and there isn't much Szechuan. But the woman who works the dining room is rude and inappropriate. So, won't be going back because of her.Please invest in better take out boxes. By the time I got home the take out box had spilt on the bottom. Over all the food was full of soy sauce. Dumplings had no flavor at all. 
Turn on your dam A/C..... 
Won't be back, thought the lady was rude.I finally went into this place.   So many things on the menu's I couldn't decide.    Prices are great.  Waitstaff was great, and you can actually get pretty adventurous in here.    I had vermicelli noodles with pork / spicy.    REALLY great and hot.   no cold can touch me now.   We had the onion pancake as well, and my sister had Lo Mein.
I remove a star because of the cramped space.   I remove another star for allowing a young couple to play a video game on their phone ON LOUD.      Please.      that pretty much ruined my meal.   I watched two tables get up and move away from these two.   OBNOXIOUS as all get out.   Please Waitstaff, curb this kind of attitude.    As we left I could see people lined up to come in, and the place is small.  everyone currently there had moved up front.    The food is good, the other tables near us all complained like I did.   I even said "What is that sound?  A video game?  All the other tables near me said YES / those folks.     And they continued to play the game.    so annoying.   I came close to ruining their dinner with a comment, then decided not to.   However, I will come back cause the food was good, and if this behavior is there again, I will ask the waitress to tell them to mute that game or I won't order.    
then I will actually ruin their meal.   There is no excuse for this kind of behavior.     selfish.Finally, real Chinese food in New Orleans!
The dishes on their Chinese menu are simply amazing:
http://restaurant.chineseonlineorder.com/Jungsgoldendragonneworleans/?form=category&cid=26774
My favorite, by far, has to be the "Boiled Beef with Szechuan Hot  Pepper Oil". Very flavorful, and plenty of heat.
My wife loves their "Honey Pecan Shrimp".
Now, if only we can convince them to start serving Dim Sum ;-).The people working there were friendly, the food however, was not good.  On a Wednesday night there was not one patron in the restaurant, I told my wife that this was not a good sign but she wanted to try it regardless.  The garlic chicken was sweet and the Hot and Sour soup had a strong soy sauce flavor.  Living in So. Cal., I have had good Chinese food and this place is not even close to the bad places at home.The more places I find that will deliver to my ghetto, I mean neighborhood, the happier camper I am. I was feeling like crap with a cold a few weeks ago and all I wanted was some warm comfort food that I barely had to leave the couch to get. Thankfully Jung's Golden Dragon II on Magazine was willing to help me achieve that goal. The ordering process was a little touch and go since it seemed to go through several rounds of translation, but in about 35 minutes a representative showed up with my Crab Rangoon, Wonton Soup, and Shrimp Fried Rice. (Yes, apparently I should not be reviewing a "Chinese" restaurant - so you should stop reading now) The soup was different than the usual salty mess I'm used to, with lots of ginger and lemon that my cold-ridden body thanked. I spent more money than I normally would for Chinese, as they tack on a small delivery charge, but sometimes you just can't get out of your PJs. So thank you Golden Dragon II for helping me in my time of need.Ordered pick-up from Jung's the other night, and when I got home with my coveted dishes I was a little peeved.  I ordered the Ma Po Tofu, and the boyfriend had Chicken w/ Snow Peas (both of which come with white rice), plus we shared an order of Veggie Rolls.  The Veggie Rolls were about half the size of normal egg rolls, but twice the price.  Neither of our to-go containers was filled; they were both only about half full (for $10 a dish, I expect some FOOD), and on top of that, they only gave us one small container of white rice to share.  Since the Ma Po Tofu is more like a stew in consistency, I was lucky that the boyfriend didn't want too much rice for his dish.  Overall, it was disappointing.  The food quality is great - everything has great flavor and is obviously made well.  However, for the price, it's not the place to go for what one typically expects out of Chinese takeout.  Guess I'll be making the trip Uptown for some China Orchid from now on...Jung's is awesome! Easily the best Chinese in New Orleans. The Orange Chicken is crispy, spicy, and sweet with little pieces of cooked down orange rind. I can't believe a reviewer knocked their crab rangoon! They are bigger, fresher, and creamier than any rangoon I've ever come across. I've had solid service every time I've been there (at least 10 times). 
Yes, you do pay a bit more, but I decided a long time ago that, for Jung's, the money is always worth it. Plus, for 2 people, an appetizer and an entree is more than enough. Jung's Golden Dragon is not to be missed!Delicious chicken and broccoli and pretty good crab rangoons! Dumplings were delicious as well.Basically this food was god awful and I was hungover at the time. A piece of toast with butter would have tasted like a delicacy.
Ordered chicken fried rice, won ton soup, and vegetable egg rolls. The won ton soup was good. 
Worst chicken fried rice I've had in my life. I had about four bites just for the sustenance. It was literally only rice and chicken. And the chicken was scarce and scrappy. I've never had chicken fried rice that doesn't also include at least peas and carrots. But even still, the rice and chicken were disgusting. I asked for light oil. That request was ignored and in spite of that the dish still had no flavor. The vegetable rolls are about pinky-finger sized. They look and taste like the frozen food aisle variety.Found this little gem after reading other reviews. It did not disappoint any of the times we have gone. Jung and her staff make you feel at home and this is authentic Chinese Dishes. 
Try the pan fried dumplings. It is presented different and they are very good. 
We don't mind taking the drive for this oneI like the food, but it's not really a place to "dine." August moon is more for delivery and pick-up. I've always enjoyed the food though.Three of us stopped by for a bubble tea, which is supposed to cost 6 USD each. I got a credit charge of 26 USD. The owner just claimed that I put 20 USD tip. Insane...First and only time. Once was more than enough. Two words describe jungs... Food and Poisoning. Sick like dog in four hours of this meal. Do not do it!6.5.13 I am still eating my food, Shrimp w/Veggies = 4, Veggies & sauce= 8, shrimp taste & smell weird. The fried rice is a total 3, dark brown color + cheap corner store taste. I got food for me & my boss. His treat, well we're eating my left overs now. They taste like 10, but we had a taste for chinese... I'll go somewhere else next time. Too bad, very nice staffI know I should have just got the Mapo tofu instead.
This was my first time at Jung's and I decided to order the spicy Korean noodles. I haven't had that dish in quite some time so I figured I'd try it.
Well, it came out way too fast for it to have been made fresh. Thankfully the broth and the noodles were OK. The meat and the seafood, however, were bland and/or strange in texture. I'm sure most of the parts were frozen. I should have known better and ordered something that people commonly order.
But three stars because I got an OK meal.I've been to Jung's several times and have always walked out fat and happy. I was there for lunch recently and decided to try their famous dumplings. I ordered pan fried with my lunch entrée. It took a while for them to come out of the kitchen but when they arrived I knew I was in for a treat! They were hands down the absolute best dumplings I've ever eaten (and I've eaten my fair share). Period! Ms Jung was very pleasant and engaging as usual. She told me they brought their chef straight from China and does he ever know what he's doing. I will be back for sure!Horrible! Run don't walk! Nasty milky gross food. We sent our dishes back immediately. The owner was as nasty as the "dishes"I don't want to be negative but...this is going to be a critical review, so there it is. We picked up a take out order to eat and watch a game. That is not too much to ask for a Monday night. We got the order and got home. First thing: they forgot the crab  Rangoon. Ok, so I call and they say it can be sent with a delivery guy. Perfect! Now onto the rest of the meal. The dinner I can't speak to because all I had was the soup. Egg drop: way too salty. No green onions! The side of fried rice was a grease slop of rice and 2 chunks of white onion. Literally nothing green or any egg. A few small questionable shrimp  mixed in. The Rangoon was delivered, and was cold. I would have liked to have that to balance out the salty soup, but all I had was the little wonton crisps instead, and they were assuredly stale. The Rangoon filler did seem like it would have been tasty, if it were hot. All in all, I regret eating this meal.Ahoy!! Californians in Lousiana, I see you! You are not alone, especially if you're craving Chinese food in a sea of Southern eateries!
Yelp got me the only Asian food eating experience I had in New Orleans so I told myself when I got back, I'd vouch for the place as 1) a Chinese person and 2) a Chinese person with extensive experience eating Chinese food.
I was wandering around Magazine St., blindly guiding my family to what would be our lunch destination. New American and Plain American was kinda meh at that point. So when we saw this random Chinese restaurant with fluorescent lit dragons and gold painted doors, we felt hopeful but skeptical at the same time. This wasn't exactly the San Gabriel Valley.
Despite the man heavy smoking outside, we went in and our unease was met with equal skepticism. The owner was probably surprised to see a large Asian family appear out of nowhere. She warmed up to us the instant she realized we could speak Chinese, suggesting dishes left and right. 
The food was great! Nevermind it was in the middle of New Orleans, they did their thing with the xiao long bao and the stir fry veggies and the kung pao shrimp. After two weeks of not having ANY Asian food, let me tell you this place hit the spot.
Their decor is refreshing, very wooden and earthy with a pleasant view of the street. Everything is clean and service is extremely hospitable and quick. Loved the experience!I ordered takeout and was happy to see it was ready when I arrived. The happiness ended there. They won't accept Restaurant.com  gift certificates for takeout. Oh well, I thought.
I got home in 2 minutes and discovered the rice was cold. The curry chicken was warm, both temperature and spice, but not hot. It was very bland and disappointing. Egg rolls to the rescue? No way...greasy and actually tasted like butter.
The Restaurant.com gift certificates are in the trash. I won't be back.Got sick of deep fried food after two days, I was deeply craving for some authentic Chinese food. With yelp's help, we found this restaurant and got the CHINESE menu based on one of the reviews. Surprisingly, the food was really good. We came from sf bay area so we can judge very well whether it is authentic or not. It is comparable to decent Chinese restaurants in sf bay area. Pleasantly surprised! Make sure you have the Chinese menu and ask them to make the food Chinese way. We made them redo one dish because they accidentally made it American way. You won't be disappointed. The price is a little high compare to sf, but not outrageous. Overall a good place to go if you want to have good Chinese food in new Orleans.This place isnt great but certainly not the worst. Just decent. I might have to go back a few more times to try other dishes. 
What we did try:
Crab Rangoon; it was okay...tasted like what you get in a buffet. I really wished it was just like China Doll's crab rangoon.. woulda save me alot of trips to the westbank. 
Boneless Chicken was nice and cripsy. Light batter, which I liked.. The stir fry veggies are good and sauce was just right. Not too bland nor salty. Great choice. 
Shrimp Fried Rice: Decent, liked it better then Five Happiness fried rice. 
Madarin Chicken: I didn't like the sauce. It was too overpowering with anese seed spice. 
Service: Average, it was hard to understand what they were saying. But they were very nice and polite. 
Atmosphere: Looks like you walked into little China Town, wouldn't even think this place sits on Magazine St. The place isn't too small, but I think their seating is wrong. It makes it feel a little cramped. 
Five Happiness is alot closer to where I am at. But this place isnt too  bad. There's also dim sum on their menu! I'm gonna have to try this next trip.Delicious and they delivered right to my hotel. The portions are gigantic and fresh and they seem to use fresh, good quality ingredients (no rubbery chicken!) Good option when the weather wasn't great for walking around.I've watched the last few Asian restaurants in this location flounder and fail, but I have faith that Jung's will avoid that pitfall. 
I finally ate there about two weeks ago. And I went again last night. I ate tofu and vegetable dishes both times, and was mightly pleased. The veges are all fresh and delicious; the tofu is clearly fresh and seriously some of the best restaurant tofu I've had. (And I've had lots.) I'd recommend the tofu/vege hot pot over the home style, but they're both quite tasty. The homestyle sauce is just a little sweeter.
The boyfirend has had pork and chicken dishes, and was pleased with both. 
When they have fresh dumplings, try them. MMMMMM.....
The cold noodle salad is HUGE, and can easily be a shared appetizer. 
The vegetable rolls were a step up from most, but were as expected (not a bad thing). 
My first visit, the fortune cookies were stale; this time they were not. And I know this has nothing to do with Jung's, but WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THE FORTUNES? I want a real fortune, not some lame ass advice. Anyway. Again, that's not Jung's fault. But it still pisses me off. You know, in general.
Ambiance: fine. It could never be anything but an Asian restaurant of some sort, but that's cool. 
EAT HERE. Support this lovely family and their yummy food.Worst bubble tea ever. I paid for it. Took a sip. Left it on the counter. Made with powder. Nothing fresh.Our waitress was very kind and patient with us ordering. Always ready to get a refill or answer a question about the menu.Delivery is always quick and the food is usually consistent ; Sometimes certain dishes are over salted tho!I love this chinese food place. It is our go-to delivery. Hefty portions, and I love that their chicken is all white meat and not dry at all. Yum!Ok, so I've officially decided that the only good food in NOLA, is NOLA food.  If you want anything good that's outside of traditional NOLA fare, good luck!  I've been looking for a decent chinese restaurant now for a year... and still looking.  Reluctantly I tried Jung's, since i had a craving for the easiest item on the menu, sweet and sour chicken.  At any rate, at least the chicken didn't look like cats, its more like cut up chicken fingers so not breaded all the way around.  They serve sauce on the side, which I appreciate in a delivery situation, but i didn't have enough red sauce to cover my chicken.  I'm convinced that the sauce was for my cabbage, I mean vegetable spring roll.  Further, the sauce has black specks floating in it... It looks dirty. So I am i sitting waiting on new, clean, red sauce... 60 mins later.
I started my review with 2 stars, but upping it to 3 because it's edible, now the sauce is clean and there's enough for my food, and the delivery man was super nice both times!
All in all, subpar as per usual in nola, but better than August Moon and Green Tea.  
Wait, the sauce still has black specs... but because I am famished, I will pray over it, eat it, and hope i don't die.Now I have to say. I am not a huge fan of Chinese food... and all my friends know this. But the Hunan Shrimp was the bomb.Couldn't have been more disappointed.  The one star is because their delivery was super fast.  However, the food was not good at all.  Very greasy vegetable rolls.  The fried rice and lo mein didn't taste at all how Chinese food should taste.  Just greasy and weird.  We threw most of it away and what little bit we did eat made our stomachs queasy later that night.  Oh, and far overpriced for the portion sizes....but again, the food was just awful!  I would not recommend this place AT ALL!All the Chinese restaurants in New Orleans need to close for the summer and go train with Chinese restaurants in Brighton and Jamaica Plain - Boston, so they will get it right. As advised by other reviewers, my selections came from the authentic menu. Boring. What kind of Chinese restaurant doesn't even include a fortune cookie? They get one extra star because the delivery guy was pleasant.I went here with a friend not expecting much and boy was I surprised. This is not your average Chinese restaurant! Ask for the Chinese menu (they have 2 menus)and order the steamed dumplings, beef with mango (amazingly
tasty) the Ma Bo tofu is out of this world also. Probably the best I've had outside of china town in Ny. I'll be back for sure.Let me start off by saying, THE FOOD IS GOOD.
I always love the food. The authentic traditional Chinese food is great. I love the Ma Po Tofu.
The service on the other hand is horrendous and is the reason I will never return.
The owner is the main problem. I'm a regular customer, but that will stop.
I purchased a "coupon" from AmazonLocal (40$ for 20$). When she found out that we wanted to use it, she started berating us. She also made the portion sizes much much smaller, almost appetizer sized. She said the fact that she didn't make much money on the Groupons and Amazon deals pissed her off. 
In reality, she signed up for those deals, and she didn't have to participate in it. There's no reason to be pissed. 
She kept stopping by our table and mentioning how the Amazon deal was a pain to her. I couldn't believe she modified the portion sizes. As I eat here regularly, it was immediately evident.Jungs Golden Dragon is a very pleasing Chinese restaurant.  You can't miss the shiny gold dragon on the storefront on Magazine street.  Have only tried dine-in, though they do carry out and delivery.  Very satisfying music and decor, prompt and detailed service, and giant portions of steamy hot food.  One entree is enough for two.  Had a exceedingly giant craving for Chinese food - Golden Dragon satisfied it, with leftovers to go.  We tried the curry noodles and sweet, sour, spicy tofu.  Both delicious - impossible to choose a favorite.Very disturbing experience.  This happened in late 2012.
I ordered takeout a while back and when I arrived to pick up the order I was given a stapled bag with my items.  Because the bag was stapled I could not easily verify the contents and so I asked the cashier if this was actually my order and she said yes.
When I got home, it was not my order.  Regardless, I had company over and was not willing to go back out, so I served my guests the food I had.  To be fair, there was an entree more than what I had ordered, so I did end up with about $10 more food than what  I had ordered, although it was not what I wanted.  When I looked at my phone, I saw there were a few missed calls, and my voicemail was from Jung's saying to call back so their driver could deliver the correct food.  I was very happy with this and called back.  The cashier said that their driver would be at my house very soon.
10 minutes later the driver arrived.  I opened the door and took the bag from him . He said, "wait, wait, you need to give me the other food back."  I said that my guests were already eating the other food and asked what good the other food would do for the restaurant at this point.  The driver said to give him back the bag that I had just taken from him and that I could not have both for the price of one.  I told him that this was his company's mistake, not mine, and that I did nothing wrong.  He told me again to give him back the food and I closed the door and told him to leave.
10 minutes later I got a call from the restaurant.  A lady told me that her driver reported that I was unwilling to give back the wrong order.  I told her that my guests had already begun to eat that food.  She said that she was sending her driver over again because, and I quote, "WE ARE GOING TO DELIVER THAT ORDER TO ANOTHER CUSTOMER WHO IS STILL WAITING."  I was SHOCKED and disgusted.  I asked her if she would like me to call the health department to report that she intended to give food that had been in one person's private home to another person and she hung up on me.
She was probably lying to get me to give back the food, but the fact that she would not see a health problem with this when we aren't even supposed to use the same plate twice at a buffet is beyond disturbing for a restaurant that is as frequently crowded as Jung's Golden Dragon.
Eat at your own risk.So disappointed! I wanted to love you Jungs, I really did, I thought you would restore my faith in Chinese food! I just dont know if I can give this relationship another chance, I feel so betrayed! 
I ordered delivery. Immediately I was confused when my two $8.95 dishes came to a total of $23-something. I was told it was taxes and delivery fees. I was even more disappointed when the portions seemed smaller than the same order last visit to the restaurant. Then the disappointment in the taste was the third strike. Everything just tasted super greasy with a real distinct plastic/chemical after taste. I'm not sure if this is from the Styrofoam containers the food is delivered in, but it made the meal pretty much inedible (is that a word?). Even my fortune cookie was stale, how am I supposed to know what my future holds if I cannot even eat the fortune cookie? If I try Jungs again, I will be sure to eat at the restaurant (though the man delivering the food was fast and super friendly), it wasn't worth the compromise in quality. 
Overall, I would not recommend them for take out and/or delivery but would still suggest them for dining in!Having explored the Chinese food scene in New Orleans, Panda Kings Weekend Dim sum, Little Chinatown in Kenner, and Jung's are the only three restaurants that serve authentic Chinese food, with the former two serving up Cantonese food while Jung's dishes out Fujian-ese food. A neighbor to Sichuan, Fujian is the equally flavorful but less fiery neighbor. The Ma Po Tofu and Tsing Yo Bing are two crowd pleasers along with their Si Gei Doe, sliced beef and ox tongue, and crispy whole fish. 
I would give it a solid four stars for their delicious steamed fish with black bean sauce, but they are as heavy handed with their MSG as your local Americanized late night take out. With such distinct flavors and the presence of an dedicated Chinese menu, it is a shame they cheapen their food with the use of MSG in their sauces.The worst tasting Chinese food I've ever had. Greasy & bland. The pork in Szechuan pork was non existent. Gave them a second try just in case but the shrimp in shrimp and lobster sauce were sour.The atmosphere was a little interesting in that it seemed to be a sushi bar that didn't make it so they turned that part into a bar. I went there on a Tuesday night and it was dead with only one lady working the restaurant with the occasional take out order. Dumplings were the highlight of the night and were definitely homemade. They had a traditional menu which I thought was fun. I'll be back but probably not to dine in but to try other dishes as takeout.Do NOT eat here! This place was horrible. Worst Chinese food ever. There were egg shells all in my rice. The shrimp were cold and they taste old. Sauce was just bad and the presentation wasn't good either. Someone ordered me food from here and paid for it to be delivered, the restaurant called to tell me they couldn't deliver so I went to pick it up. What a waste of time and money.If German roaches don't ruin your experience, the shorthanded, inept, curt service will. This place is rumored to have once had a decent reputation for offering an authentic "yellow" menu of true Chinese cuisine. That isn't saying much in a town with a deficit of good authentic Chinese food, nevertheless, it was that menu and neighborhood proximity that once attracted me to the restaurant as a bachelor. GD2 seems now to cater more to college kids and takeout. The authentic menu offerings are genuine in appearance, if not not in culinary approach. The Szechuan offerings provide a mediocre but passable Szechuan pepper experience to a non-native, for example, if what you want can be found in a can from the West Bank Hong Kong market grocer. Other offerings are missing, and some just miss the mark, such as the BBQ pork. There is no sweet & sour pork. That was a sign to my Chinese guests in this last occasion that the menu came up short. But, now, back to the roach I saw under my table. Having worked in restaurants for years as a means to get through college, I can be sympathetic to how quickly the problem can appear, and how difficult it can be to get under control - but the solution is no mystery. German roaches in New Orleans (not the Palmetto kind) found crawling around in the dining room during the day are a sign of a major infestation in the kitchen, caused by unsanitary food cleanup, waste removal, and food storage. Meanwhile, the server was so stretched thin responding to take out order mistakes that she couldn't manage a mere two tables, and had to be hailed for service repeatedly. The check was unceremoniously dropped on the table with to-go containers as a sign that the dining experience was over, mercifully. Oh, and no fortune cookies (which is anyway an American thing, but this is America). Whatever appeal this place once had, it is no more. I'll stick to China Rose in Metairie nstead.This is by far the best Chinese food I've had in the New Orleans area. I went by it so many times - it looks like a hole in the wall on the outside. But inside, it is clean and nice, the service was excellent, and the food was fresh and good. One of the things I really appreciated was that there are a few menu items marked as low calorie, which is tough to find in this area and at Chinese restaurants in general. Loved the hot and sour soup and the steamed dumplings!My daughter and I went here tonight and both of us had the same thought as we were leaving, yet another establishment we will not be returning to.  
I thought about giving out only one star, but I reserve those for the worst of the worst and though we had a miserable time of it, there were a couple highlights, albeit just a couple.  
I ordered the boneless chicken with vegetables combo plate and my daughter ordered the sesame chicken entrée.  We both had a soup, she thought the egg drop soup was good, I had a cup of the vegetable soup and though the broth was tasty, the vegetables were quite raw and not able to be chewed, all except the Chinese cabbage but that was NOT a highpoint.  We also ordered the vegetable rolls as an appetizer and though the outside was crispy, the inside was raw and smelled as though it was just on the shade of spoiling, needless to say, I did not imbibe.  The vegetables that came with the boneless chicken were also raw and I did send them back, however our waitress took the plate away and returned less than a minute later and the broccoli had been removed and she pronounced the vegetables to be cooked, of course they were not.  I did not bother to send them back, rather I ate the chicken instead, which WAS a highpoint, on both dishes.  My dinner came with shrimp fried rice and a summer roll (a vegetable roll with shrimp), both were given to my kiddo as I abhor seafood.  She at the summer roll and I traded my fried rice for her white, and I still think I got the better deal in the end.
Service was lackluster and I felt like a bug under a glass the way the waitress was eyeing us all while we ate.  My daughter felt the same and she could see her staring at us through the reflection in her glasses and mentioned it to me.  When she brought the check, I gave her my credit card and she brought back my receipt to sign, she didn't even wait for us to leave before showing up to the table to pick up my slip.  I did not leave the worst tip in my life ($.02 cents), but I did only leave 10%.
Bottom line, I was thoroughly unimpressed with this restaurant and will not be returning.  I should have known something was amiss when we showed up at 7:00 p.m. on a Saturday night and the place was deserted.I went to Jung's because a friend recommended it highly and I like to branch out.  However, I was truly disappointed.
We ordered the vegetable fried rice, dumplings, chicken lo mein, and an order of vegetables.  Everything was Soggy with grease.  I realize Chinese food is not supposed to be healthy but I actually felt greasy after eating here.  The dumplings were soggy too, and while the flavor was ok, we found that we couldn't eat more than a few bites of anything.  
Perhaps it was an off night, but I will not be rushing back anytime soon.  Especially as it was all a couple more dollars per plate than other local places which offer far superior food.They offer delivery but then choose weather or not you order enough food to actually deliver it.  It's a little misleading.I'm giving 2 stars because the delivery was incredibly fast. The food was terrible and over priced. I will not order from this place ever again.Visited Dec 2012
We stopped by just for the bubble tea. We saw a poster on the window. WOW, it's five dollars a cup! They used a bunch of powder flavoring. They were really cheap with the flavoring too which made our taro bubble tea a pale pale pastel purple instead of the lavendar purple taro bubble tea usually is. It was just bad bubble tea. The only compliment I have is that the bubbles were golden so it never got hard in our slushy bubble tea and they were surprisingly sweet on their own. They stayed chewy.  I do not recommend bubble tea here. The flavor is just too bland. I will say they were really nice to us.