Service was good, very cute restaurant. Brussel sprouts were delicious, burger was juicy and soo good, French fries were great with a side of aioli. The upstairs bar area has a limited menu and a big tv playing whatever sports game is onTop 3 favorite restaurants. I've eaten here quite a few times and I've never had a bad meal. You can't go wrong with their burger, fried chicken sandwich, fried grouper sandwich, or any of the salads. Last night I got the French onion soup and rigatoni Mac n cheese with chili oil, pictured below. It's always our go-to date night spot.COVID UPDATE: i like this place but when i went to get takeout drinks i could see in the kitchen and saw that the people working in the kitchen weren't wearing masks and those that were had their nose sticking out. Just kinda grossed me out since we're in a pandemic and they're making our foodConfused why the bowl of soup was the same size as the cup of soup but $3 dollars more. The only difference was that it was poured into a bowl while the rest of my parties entrees were being served.This place is awesome! Came here during happy hour: cool staff, delicious food, real cool atmosphere. Came again between jobs and got the same thing. Plus I tried some unique cocktails made by James. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a laid back but seriously tasty experience with friends or anyone looking for a place to unwind & get a snackJunior's is absolutely delicious! We've had the opportunity to dine in and recently had their take out and have no complaints. The burger and cheese curds are our go-to. 
Also, love the fact that now Gail's is next door and honestly, they have the BEST ice cream ever! Go support!To provide some context I am a lifelong passionate foodie, food critic, and harsh judge. 
Walking up I could see the outdoor dining available on two floors  which looked more than inviting with the perfect weather. 
I was greatly warmly by the hostess David who suggested the upper floor bar for me. 
This is where I found Sydni ..the best part of my NOLA experience. She was warm and gracious and knew her way around a bar. She made great food recommendations such as the oysters and butternut salad. 
She was busy with tables inside and out and guests at the bar. She did it all in stride while guiding guests thru their dining experience. 
Overall great experience. Will definitely be back. Will definitely recommend.Sadly my first time eating from Junior's on Harrison was during the quarantine so I wasn't actually able to eat in the restaurant. BUT that's not their fault and they made ordering and pick up effortless.
I was able to order early in the day (I'd seen on Instagram they were making their softshell crab sandwiches and I needed that in my life) for a dinner pick up. We ordered a softshell crab sandwich, a catfish platter and 5 pounds of boiled crawfish (with fixings). Very reasonably priced. The girl I placed the order with was so nice and helpful. I paid before hand so there was less interaction at pick up. Pick up was easy, although the crawfish pick up, separate from the rest of the food pick up, was a little messy and confusing. And before I got to my car the crawfish began leaking through the paper bag they'd been packaged in...They offered a second paper bag when I asked. 
All the food was delicious. I LOVED the sandwich. The catfish platter came with hush puppies (which are a huge favorite of mine). I do wish they offered a combination seafood platter instead of having to choose catfish or shrimp.
Will definitely be ordering again and hopefully actually dining in one day.Really nice brunch spot. The drinks for fantastic. The food was delicious. Great service as well. The balcony and other outdoor seating great vibe.Casual yet swanky little spot. I absolutely love the upstairs outdoor seating that overlooks Harrison - you definitely need a reservation to snag a table up there even on weeknights. 
Most of the other reviews have hit all the high points but a couple things that I'd like to point out that make this a 4-star (rather than a 5-star) restaurant for me -- 
- Small menu. I've gone three times now and I'm certain that I've had most of their menu though I have not tried their Asian fare that is only offered on Wednesdays.  I would say they have something for every one (chicken, seafood, pasta) but double check their menu online before going if you've got picky eaters or those with dietary restrictions.
- Service can be a tad slow.
- Price -- just a bit overpriced for the proportion size but I guess that's to be expected in this neighborhood. 
- On my second visit, my girlfriend and I ordered at least two or three cocktails/wines that the restaurant was out of. Our sweet server informed us that the menu was being updated but on my return visit, nothing had been updated .. so maybe there will be new additions in the future?
My favorite dish is their pasta bolognese! So delicious and the perfect comfort meal.  I'll definitely be back and look forward to trying out their new additions whenever that may be!A hot new spot on Harrison! The downstairs dining area is bright and welcoming, while their upstairs bar is perfect for those wanting to escape from the stress of a rough week. Plus, that wrap around patio in the summer is going to be key! 
We tried a handful of things but our favorites were definitely the butternut squash salad, firecracker shrimp, and the Brussel sprouts. Y'all. So good. Give it a shot, you won't regret this one!Meh!  Ok salads. Small portions. Very noisy. And no low carb options. Better than a high end bar.Junior's has a to go window that serves food, cocktails, beers and ice cream! It's genius! I saw several families walk up as we were dining outside and the adults grabbed beverages and the kids got ice cream. 
The service was fantastic and all the staff was masked up. They had tables inside and out. My husband got the burger, which he enjoyed and said was filling. I got the Korean Philly cheesesteak! Nice flavor on an American favorite. It was hearty and I could only eat about half. 
The watermelon frosé was fresh & delicious!! You want this on a hot day! Lucky for you it's also served out of the to go window. 
This was our first dining experience out in months and it was lovely. It was so nice to enjoy something "normal" that we took for granted.Really like this place. Drinks are always good, servers have been nice, and the French onion soup is awesomeFIRST TIME HERE and I'm coming back. Although, I thought brunch were weekend things. Brunch is only served on Sundays peeps. I really wanted brunch and a lobster roll so I was a little annoyed at first. HOWEVER, I ordered the Korean Philly Steak and was BLOWN AWAY. Like my jaw is still dropping, I even tried to recreate it at home (and I did). The fries were also delish. We did share some lobster mac and cheese and it was actually good. I'm not a bad fan of mac and cheese so that's why I say actually ok?? Don't @ me. Cocktails were good and I've had their froze before during quarantine so I knew those would be delish. Can't go wrong with the original or the blueberry mint (I think that's the flavor). We will be back for brunch, happy hour, dinner - ALL THE THINGS! Looking forward to having one of their weekly specials too. The chicken fried chicken is CALLING MY NAME.So I want to start by saying the food was good. It was my first time ordering take away from here. And if it wasn't for one enter and really to lack of professionalism from David the manager on duty I would have probably tried them again. The issue was $27.00 paid for the grouper.  The fish was I kid you not 3"x3" and maybe, maybe 3oz of protein. And then there was even less couscous.  How this is an enter portion I did not comprehend. Yes the picture shown is the entire entree and was confirmed to be the correct portion. When we called and talked to David the "manager" he was less than helpful or even concerned that his customer was having a bad experience. What a shame because we ordered for more than one family and Juniors lost all of our future business and I would definitely caution others.First off let me start by giving credit to our waitress Michelle. She is awesome!!! She knew all about the menu, helped us with any questions we had, and always kept checking on us throughout our time at Juniors. She is probably the best waitress we have had anywhere. All of the hostess and servers were great as well. We made a reservation for two and got sat right away.
The food and cocktails are delish! Cheese curds and burgers are a must try! We did try the steam bun with fried chicken, was yummy, just needed a little more of the sauce on it.
We can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu.I was so excited to try this place. We made a reservation for an upstairs table, however when we arrived, the host, Chip, informed us that there was no reservation. He also rudely told us that we'd have to wait a while because they didn't have our reservation. I showed him the reservation confirmation, but this didn't matter. He was very dismissive and rude. Unfortunately, We didn't get to experience the restaurant due to The rude host at the front door. 
Update: I just looked at the reservation so I could screenshot it for this review. Magically, it was cancelled. Now, how did the reservation they had no knowledge of get cancelled?First of undoubtedly many visits to this new restaurant. We went with burgers, fries, and onion rings. The food was all great. We also ordered a couple of well balanced mezcal cocktails off the cocktail menu, which made me eager to come back to try some of the other options.
I capped off the visit off with the Gail's ice cream, which is good enough for a visit on its own. 
I sat at the downstairs bar, but I might sit at the upstairs bar next time, which is an appealing adults only space serving a limited menu. Can't wait to sit on the balcony when it opens.Awesome breakfast burritos!! Three different kinds; potato, bacon, and sausage. Currently you can get three burritos for $10! What a steal!  You can walk up to the side window (Gail's ice cream) and order anything off of the regular menu as well. This is a great option for COVID rules with smaller capacities for eating in. I will for sure be going back to try more off of the menu!They were helpful and kind. We were only in for a meet and greet but the puppy was happy and was worn out by the end of the day. I will comment more after I have more experiences.Finally tried this place & it did not disappoint!  This place has been on my list of places to try for awhile. We got the butternut salad + grilled chicken, the kale salad, and the brussel sprouts. Definitely try the brussel sprouts, they're awesome! 
I do wish they had more options on the menu--if you're a picky eater, be sure you see some options that would work for you!We were excited about trying the new addition to Harrison Ave. Not impressed. First impression was how loud it was from the bar upstairs, we were the only people downstairs. Second, they were out of the rose' AND French bread for the BBQ Shrimp Po-boy. Asked if we wanted it on a bun, yeah, no, we're from here. The burger was definitely not best we ever had. It was actually 2 thin patties instead of one juicy one. The frites had good truffle flavor but were FAR frOm crispy! No return visit for us!Juniors on Harrison is great!!! I have always wanted to try this place and so far in quarantine we have got to-go twice.
The first time was a family order of curried fried chicken, it came with awesome Bombay potatoes and naan. It's some of the best chicken --it is excellent! 
The second time we got the burger, frosè, the Korean Philly and a campwater. Their fries could use a little more seasoning to me but otherwise they have one of the best burgers in the city. That philly is TO DIE for. It is so freaking good. Can't wait to go back and enjoy some more food.I love this place! I'm a younger person with no kids living in lakeview and I gotta say this is the most appealing spot to me on Harrison. It's trendy while also having that NOLA neighborhood restaurant/bar vibe that's missing from lakeview. It's definitely a family centered place, but I still really enjoyed it. And there's an adults only bar upstairs which is GREAT! A place I can definitely see myself frequenting. 
The burger and fries are amazing. Hands down one of my favorite burgers in NOLA. The meat on the burger is actually very well seasoned compared to most burger places. Oh and the fries are delicious - perfectly crisp and hand cut. These are the same people who did Curbside in Baton Rouge so naturally these burgers were going to be great. 
For starters we had the alligator steam buns and the ceviche. The steam buns were delicious in my opinion. However my boyfriend had a really tough piece which he didn't enjoy, but alligator is a tough meat so I feel like that's to be expected. The ceviche was okay - I don't think I'd order again. The fish was deliciously fresh but it was lacking flavor...I've had a lot of Peruvian ceviche which even tho it was the same ingredients it had more flavor. It needed salt or something. 
We also had a few cocktails. Can't remember the names but they were all great. The bar upstairs is awesome! Super casual, but trendy and great bartenders. They have a nice looking balcony which I can't wait to take advantage of on nice days!
Service was great and really kind. My boyfriend thought he lost something and they went all out to help him. 
Overall really loved the place and will def be a regularLove this spot! Outdoor sidewalk and balcony dining with heaters if needed. Friendly and attentive staff and management. Delicious food...great cocktails...decent prices. Im still working my way through the menu, and their daily specials, bit everything has been on point.I was so excited to go to JunioRs for dinner. I was unfortunately disappointed :-(  My husband and I ordered: cheese curds, burger with cheese and Brussels a sprouts, and fried shrimp tacos. The cheese curds were delicious- salty and crunchy with delicious ranch. The Brussels sprouts were also delicious- nicely roasted with a really yummy sauce. The tacos came with big fried shrimp, that weren't greasy and had a nice crunch. But there was no seasoning or anything. It just tasted sugary from the saUce it was in. The tacos weeds aerrved with sour cream, seasoned tomatoes and a slaw. Even when putting all of that on the taco, there was little to noo flavoR. For a dish that was not cheap, this was a bummer. The burger was dry and didn't taste seasoned or of quality, and the bun was mushy. When I closed my eyes, it tasted like a Wendy's hamburger. I had heard so many wonderful things about it that I was definitely let down. Overall, if I did come back I think I would get an assortment of sides and apps, and not bother with any main dishes.Juniors food is great and full of flavor! The waitstaff ate friendly and patiMy only complaint is that the menu is small and there are not many gluten free options.We loved this place so much, we went back for a second night. Cocktail program was delicious. We ordered the butternut salad and grouper twice.I had an amazing dinner on opening night!
All of the staff were super attentive and courteous despite a busy evening with opening. I enjoyed the Brussels sprouts. The radish made extra tasty with lemon zest. Thanks James for the spirits!! The drink I chose was a vodka based drink. It had a fall flavor called moondog. Give it a try! 
I toured the private event space. It was inviting and intimate. The balcony area is also pretty fresh! 
I took the hamburger home to my hubby. He says the bun was super fresh and good. He enjoyed it. Thanks Nick, I think you have a gem in this area. I can't wait to bring my family back.Ambiance is probably the best thing about this place all things considered. They have a good number of beers on draft (maybe 10 between up and downstairs) and seem to pride themselves at on their cocktails which are reasonably priced, but the food left something to be desired for. The Mac n cheese appetizer was delicious (to be expected with the generous amount of cheese), but the entrees were subpar to average. Burgers come cooked however like a tailgate, brusselsprouts were extremely salty, and the upcharge for the truffle fries is unwarranted given the minor difference between those and the regular fries. 
I'd come back here for drinks and maybe order an app, but not for a full meal.This review is for today only; I have eaten at Junior's and been happy with the food. Today, I couldn't be more unhappy! We ordered the Wednesday Chinese special, and the bus boys must be cooking. My Cashew Chili shrimp had no cashews and the shrimp were breaded-really? The rice portion was minuscule, and the spring roll came with Mango Coconut jelly, which someone must have purchased thinking it was sweet and sour sauce! The order of Honey Satsuma chicken HAD NO SAUCE whatsoever on it! I will be speaking to the manager in person tomorrow.Butternut squash salad is good, so is the mac and cheese and brussel sprouts. If they have the Philly cheese steak, try it!  Love sitting on the balcony in good weather. Seating is limited so call for reservations.i've been wanting to check this place out and it did not disappoint! they took covid precautions very seriously and had certain tables closed off. they take reservations to ensure your spot and you can call or go on open table. the staff wore masks the whole time. i checked out the upstairs because they have a cute new private patio area and it would be perfect to have a small dinner up there. beautiful plants and atmosphere on the rooftop patio. we had lunch below. the service was great and staff was accommodating. we tried the broccoli and cheese curds as a started and they were both incredible. the broccoli had the most incredible flavor. it had a great sauce. the cheese curds were yummy and served with ranch. i had the spicy chicken sandwich and it was on a yummy soft bun, had a great sauce and a great breading. the fries were perfectly salted. it was yummy and affordable. a few others in my party got the grouper sandwich and hamburger and enjoyed those. they have specials each day and a few of my party got the red beans and rice special for $5. looked like a great amount of food for the price. we all really enjoyed our experience here and can't wait to dine in again.Sat at the bar upstairs for dinner. Only 2 of the 10-12 seats taken. It was not a busy night but it was very, very loud in there.
What an absolutely truly awful bartender. Not suited for the job, didn't know how to make the drinks on his menu. 
Poor communication skills, no sense of urgency or service. Constantly confused and slightly argumentative.  Guy actually argued the definition of neat (whiskey no ice), claimed meant "2oz, and nothing to do w ice"made the drink and let it sit there while he took care of the service bar for a painfully long time. I finally had to grab the drink he left sitting there. We had to beg him to take our order and remind him multiple times to do the absolute basics.
The food was eh flavor wise (had the Korean Philly which had was fine) but my companion had the gumbo (smallest bowl of gumbo with the largest scoop of rice I've seen that was served room temperature) and the latkes.
Never going back and would suggest no one else should. 
Oh and neglected to check vaccination status.Went here for Valentine's Day. The drinks and oyster appetizer were good but for an entree I got the chicken confit chicken for dinner thinking it would be as tasty as it looked in pictures...and was I wrong, this was nothing short of old folks home chicken stew that's usually serviced with rice except they put pasta on it to be fancy and charge $25. Would Recommend spending your money elsewhere.We didn't have reservations at 1:00pm but they were able to accommodate us with seating at the bar. So next time I know to be sure to make reservations for table seating. I got the shrimp tacos that were delicious and my friend got the grouper sandwich with Brussels sprouts. We both agreed we would return. We enjoyed the meal.Juniors is consistently very disappointing. A restaurant and environment I use to love I've grown to truly despise. There are always many open tables and always at least an hour wait. The staff is all very young and not very hospitable. Disappointing to see and will not be returning there after truly enjoying the place in the past.Great place for happy hour!  Upstairs provides a space to wind down with friends at the bar.  Great bartenders who know how to make the right cocktail for your mood.  I recommend the Camp Water if you like a whiskey sour.  Great, tasty bar bites and the burger is the bomb with plenty of topping choices.  Because we are greedy, we tried the brussel sprouts, onion rings, and fries.  All of which were delish!  If you want something more intimate, you can dine downstairs.  Check out this neighborhood gem after work!Delicious! Y'all! I've been to a private party here and the food was so good and finally made it here for actual sit down service and it was beyond what I hoped for. The food is Sooooooo good! Like melt in your mouth cheese curds, the grouper sandwich was like unbelievably tasty and the salad I got with goat cheese was freakin amazing! And then, we go downstairs and get ice cream to go! I mean how perfect is that! Also been to a birthday party where they had the Gail's ice cream truck at the party and that was adorable! And obviously delicious!Their burgers was very on point! And those truffle fries were bomb! The tacos had a great flavor. The chicken sandwich was good but really could've used more meat had a great flavor but was kinda like thin fried catfish haha, definitely still good though. That corn bread was cooked perfectlyLol ok ok ima take COVID into consideration. Ok let's see where ima start hmmmm. First of all we're all about supporting the local restaurants.
1: the waiter took our order but didn't even write it down so we figure he's an awesome waiter that remembers everything we order ha ha ha that was not the case! We order chili broccoli CRISP n kale salad he brought out kale salad n Brussels sprouts ;( then when we got the chili broccoli CRISP ha ha ha ain't nothing crisp about that broccoli but more like boil mushy broccoli. I order a cheese burger he asked what kind of cheese I said cheddar. Burger came out n what do u know it was American cheese lol kept my mouth shut because it's COVID right?! Wife ordered fried grouper sandwich lol omfg I understand u wanna fry it till golden brown but what in heck chocolate brown?!! Double whammy! Oh n I almost forgot the French fries hmmm might as well have me mashed potatoes. But hey the place looks chillin cool vibe maybe y'all just gotta work on the front n back of the house. Nvm ain't no maybe it's a must that y'all work on the front n back to the house.We'll be back when COVID is over with n give y'all one last shot hopefully everything is better till next time :) good luckGreat place for happy hour!  Upstairs provides a space to wind down with friends at the bar.  Great bartenders who know how to make the right cocktail for your mood.  I recommend the Camp Water if you like a whiskey sour.  Great, tasty bar bites and the burger is the bomb with plenty of topping choices.  Because we are greedy, we tried the brussel sprouts, onion rings, and fries.  All of which were delish you want something more intimate, you can dine downstairs.  Check out this neighborhood gem after work!We've been meaning to come here forever! Not a long drive from Mid-City, but we were just never able to get out to Lakeview. Well, that finally changed on a Thursday afternoon and we sat at the bar for drinks and a snack. 
First - the drinks. They're AWESOME here. We tried a Starry Eyes and a Balcony Breeze, and both were just delicious. 
For food, we got the Junior Burger and it was perfect. Definitely one of the best burgers in Nola, and a top 10 probably anywhere. We also got the Korean Ribeye Sandwich, which was delicious but nothing too special. We upgraded our sides to the brussel sprouts and truffle fries, and these were excellent decisions, to say the least. 
Killer spot - great drinks, and that burger alone is worth visiting for.Stop for happy hour, had the fountain of you, mostly foam, had to order 2 just to get the taste of it. Ordered Crab Claws, after fighting with the second on, sent the whole order back. They were cooked too long or old. Would not recommend the claws. Stick with the basic when it comes to claws...Very impressed! Food was delish! We started with the brussels sprouts and cheese curd appetizers. For the meals, we had both the pork and crispy chicken steam buns and a cheeseburger with truffle fries. Everything was amazing. Service was on point, too. The only thing I would suggest is that they turn the music down a bit. It was a little difficult to have conversation.  Other than that, I can't wait to go back and try something new.Nice atmosphere inside and outdoor seating available. We went for Sunday brunch. Avocado toast was very good. Large slices of toast with plenty of nicely seasoned avocado. I got the breakfast tacos, one of each kind, bacon sausage and potato. Each was wrapped in aluminum foil and a side of salsa. Terrible presentation. The tortillas were average store bought. There was very little egg and other ingredients in each tortilla. It was totally missing something, it needed spicy sour cream, avocado or something to make it taste better.  My husband had a burger and fries  which was much better than my breakfast tacos. We will try the restaurant again but not for brunch.Came here for lunch with my family. It was pretty slow for a Saturday, but I'm sure that's for most places in mid city. The atmosphere was nice and the updated restaurant was very open and clean. Our waitress was not friendly at all, never smiled, and looked on at us with annoyance when we figured out what we wanted to eat and answered our questions. The food was also just ok. None of us took leftovers of the lentil soup, cowboy cobb, carne asada tacos, or shrimp poboys. The Brussels side was delicious though! Try that.David and I decided to stop in here on St Patrick's day, of all days, to try something a little different and get a bite to eat. First of all, I love the layout of the space. Plenty of light and I can see myself sitting on the gorgeous patio outside on a nice spring day.
David and I both got the hamburger and we got an order of the mac and cheese to share. The hamburgers were fantastic! I think David complained that his had a little too much onion on it, but that's an easy fix. The mac and cheese was out of this world. Very creamy and I like the big noodles they used.
I saw someone at another table yet a amazing looking bowl of French onion soup, so that's definitely on my list to try next time.Been loving this Instagram feed for awhile and decided to give them a shot recently. We called and ordered close to closing (which I hate doing), but they were super cool about it. Food was ready as we rolled up to the pick-up window (very convenient) and we - and I cannot stress this enough - THOROUGHLY enjoyed the cheese curds in the car on the way home. Spicy-chicken sandwich was excellent (as were the chips and fries). Wife got the burger, also great. Portions were a little small, but that's a VERY minor gripe. Can't wait to go back (and try some cocktails).My GF and me had our first meal here today right around lunch. The downstairs was crowded so we asked if a server was working the adult bar upstairs and there was a server. The bar had plenty of stools and two 6 topper tables and five 4  topper tables. 
We split the shrimp and corn chowder. It was delicious. Seasoning wasn't over powering and I didn't need to add any salt or hot sauce. For our main dish, we had the crispy satsuma shrimp tacos with homemade jalapeño slaw, homemade salsa and sour cream w/ 3 soft tortillas. The shrimp we sort of sweet chili Asian hue. With a cold drink our bill was $28.14 before tip. The service was excellent and the food was hot, and served quickly. 
The one suggestion I would have for them is to put hooks in the ladies and men's restroom so you could hang a jacket or a purse.This place is a mixed bag with a lot of potential. The spot is nice, the menu looks good. The waiter was nice. But the front desk guy was putting off an odd vibe, the music was way too loud, and the fried chicken sandwich was very bland. Maybe Popeyes raised the bar with that new spicy fired chicken, but it's hard to figure out why to order this friend chicken. 
Bottom line it's probably a good spot if you live nearby, but not worth a drive from uptown.We were given a gift card and although they weren't yet open for inside dining we thought we'd try it. Glad we did. Today's special dinner was Chinese. Our selection was a shrimp dinner with rice, egg roll, and snow peas. Everything was delicious and prepared to perfection. We'll be backCame to check out this new place Friday evening about 630.  We had a 5-10 minuet wait. We were seeates on time. We ordered the cheese curds and Brussels Spouts. Each were  delicious I was super impressed with the Brussels Spouts delicious with an Asian Flair. Each of us ordered the Junior Burger cooked prefect, French fries fries were fresh and crispy. I love the concept of this place  simple food done right.  A place whEre you can brings the kids for burgers and ice cream or head up stairs for drinks on date nightThis was my 1st time to visit Juniors, it was the best burger i have ever had. Our server, Sydni was incredible!  She was very professional, very knowledgable about the menu and very attentive to our needs.  I highly recommend Juniors, don't forget to ask for Sydni!My first time here! My friend and I were in the area and wanted to try something new and seen it before. So glad we did! We loved it! Def will be back! Cheese Curd, Chicken Sticky Bun-apps then Philly Cheesesteak and Grouper. 2 cocktails! Very good! Grouper a little spicy. Our server Debbie/Debra was awesome and very knowable. All staff friendly. Will be back!I can't say enough about this place! I recently moved to Lakeview and I'm on a mission to explore all that's around me. With that being said...Junior's! Y'all!! So so good! I'm a Bourbon/whiskey connoisseur so naturally I started with the Camp Water.. .it was A1! They have daily drink specials so I followed up with their World's Strongest Margarita. So good! Not full of cheap prepurchased sour mix. It was the real deal. For my appetizer, I started with the Hot Chili Cashew Chicken steam buns...so damn good! I literally started to laugh after my first bite it was so good. For my meal, I had the Korean Philly Sandwich. Again, so flavorful so good!! Fries were super fresh and seasoned well. I had the King Cake bread pudding for dessert...delicious! My only regret is not coming earlier. I will definitely be back...like soon!Been wanting to visit for awhile. Had brunch and both the food and service was very good. The French toast was special and the chicken biscuits hit the spot on a chilly afternoon! We will definitely be back! Well done Junior's!Can't believe this is happening. Juniors has me out here acting like a whole Karen. I've tried my best to resist, but I cannot any longer. 
When I first stepped into Juniors, I was in love. "An oddly familiar neighborhood joint" had me smitten at first visit. You could literally feel the vibe on the upstairs patio. The cheese curds and mozzarella logs were to die for and the cocktails were delicious. I hyped it up as much as I could to everyone I know and started making weekly visits. 
The more we went, the more it declined. First straw: Cheese Logs off the menu. Why remove everyone's favorite app? I came to Juniors for the first time after seeing the logs. It's what got me through the door...mind boggling. 
All good, at least I'll have the cheese curds to keep me happy. Alas, I was in utter dismay to find that there are no cheese curds currently on the menu. This is criminal. No curds??? Blasphemy. I was told they would be returning soon as a special (wtf).
Okay, now I'm mad. The Karen inside of me is brewing. At least I can order my favorite entree, the grilled shrimp tacos....
Anyone wanna guess what happened next? Anyone? 
GONE PECAN from the menu. Jesus take the wheel. It's like the fried chicken sandwich never even existed. No more Korean Philly sandwich either, just overpriced fish and a burger. 
I feel compelled to write something because this is my favorite spot and they've totally lost me. I can tell they are trying to be something more high end (having an identity crisis if we are being brutally honest), which is a shame for the Juniors faithful. What happened to the place that was oozing with authenticity? 
Management/ Ownership,
If you are reading this, PLEASE give the people what they want. Stop trying to be something you aren't and give us the damn curds! 
Sincerely,
Junior's #1 FanFor a limited menu... None of us got anything bad. Chicken sammich, Korean Philly, and the burger. All delicious. 
Service was top notch. Only had one hiccup in the order, but it was taken care of right away. 
We wouldn't wear a mask (NOLA guidelines) so we chose to eat outside. Usually outsiders are neglected, but not this time. Even after we paid the tab, our waitress (Ava) still checked if we needed anything. 
I recommend the Camp Water if you're a bourbon fan, but the frozitas hit the spot on a warm South LA evening. 
Quiet location. Would definitely go back.I love an Aesthetically pleasing restaurant, but an aesthetically pleasing restaurant with amazing food .. that's like Heavan! Every time I come here, the customer service is friendly and the food taste just as good as the first time I tried them. I use to the order their like chicken plate. It was basically a country fried chicken with mashed potatoes and green beans. To die for!! But, they don't have it on the menu anymore, or at least I haven't seen it. So I default to their kids hamburger because the regular hamburger is two patties which is a little too much for my liking. But the burger is just as juicy and flavorful as it can get it. The French fries are also utterly amazing. Their homemade and always fresh. To get my chicken fix, their tenders are actually very very good!  And sometimes I like to order their cheese curds which are a great app choice! If you have them on your try list, def worth trying!This spot is a guaranteed GO-TO spot when your looking to satisfy your Sunday Brunch cravings.  I for the 1st time feel as if I have found a restaurant here in the city that not only has a legit brunch without truly having a forced feeling of the typical New Orleans flare. 
From being in the restaurant itself to the food, it feels like an escape from the city.  
Everything that we ordered for brunch was legit amazing.  
When it comes cocktails, I HIGHLY SUGGEST their specialty cocktail Fountain of Youth. Bursting with an amazing taste and very consistent. 
I will definitely frequent more as I had a way better experience than I expected!Super cute spot!! I loved the vibe in here, and it's so well decorated. The staff was very nice and polite. The spicy chicken sandwich was very good, and I was impressed with the drinks as well! I will definitely be back.Always great food, one of the best fish sandwiches and burgers in the area! Nice drinks too!I liked my meal a lot and will be back when I bring my relatives to Harrison Street. I had the spicy chicken sandwich and ate every bit. The fries are home made hand cut and delicious. My husband had the Mac n cheese and wedge salad which were also good. Clean and simple restaurant and good overall experience.Basically, I come here for the cheese curds. Everything else is an added bonus.  The cheese curds are AWESOME and I'm from Wisconsin so I know what I'm talking about  I love that they don't skimp on the portion.  Also the batter is excellent! I also loved the Mac and cheese. It was rich and creamy! The cocktails are also good & strong... what more could you want?   Stay open forever, pleaseThe food was great, especially the cheese curds and the Korean Philly (sooo yummy!) Great atmosphere for a fun night out!First time coming to this restaurant. Intended on trying the avocado toast, that looked so delicious on advertisement, but they were out. Ended up getting the Thai Peanut Salad with chicken and my friend got the catch of the day. The salad definitely needed more flavor- a waste, very bland. The fish portion was so small. Drinks, atmosphere, and service were good. I'd give it another try.Very good food in an even better ambiance. I wouldn't go from uptown just for the food but if I'm in the area it's at the top of my list. Great cocktails.Great dinner service! Our waitress was so personable and attentive. Food was amazing as well. My favorite was definitely the Brussels sprouts and crab claws.Our Brussel sprouts and mac & cheese were great. The spaghetti bolognese, not so much. It was not very flavorful and we were disappointed with this choice. The service was good, the bartender was friendly, and our order was prepared quickly; we walked in to order takeout. We'll be back, but will definitely skip the spaghetti bolognese in the future.Been here several times  and food has been delicious each time. Limited menu, but can't go wrong. Definitely coming back!!!The food was good, we have eaten here a few times.  Our waitress this time had a make around her neck as she waited on numerous tables.  She made us and the couple next to us very uncomfortable. Not certain we are going backI was not super impressed by Junior's :/ . The setup of the establishment is nice, but the food was average at best. I ordered the cheese curds which were decent, shrimp tacos (pretty good actually) and chili crisp broccoli which was raved about by the waiter. The broccoli was very basic and not special at all. I'm considering giving it another try with completely different items but as of now, this would not be a place I'd highly recommend.100% RECOMMEND. We came in on a Saturday evening around 7pm & were seated immediately. We have eaten and paid by 8... speedy & amazing service!! The bartender (Will) is very knowledgeable about the menu & a pleasure to have serve you. I promise you will not be disappointed!Always a favorite. A must-visit for special occasions, when friends or family are in town, or when the cheese logs are available ;) Junior's has been in our rotation since we attended their soft opening and for good reason: it's a 5-star experience. Happy hour from 3-6p and they also have a reverse happy hour. 
Definitely check their Instagram or ask your server about what their specials for the day of are as their Chef is always crafting up some deliciously creative dishes. Pics from this visit include two of their specials: the Mozzarella Sticks and Chicken Parm poboy. If they don't have the sticks on the day of your visit, get the curds. They are melt in your mouth delicious. 
I recommend calling to make a reservation before you head that way and if you're in a party with just adults, ask to be sat outside in the bar area up there! Cool spot with nice decor! Outdoor dining is super vibey too.Juniors on Harrison did not disappoint! We had a beautiful table of 6 ready for us for brunch on Sunday. It was perfect. Excellent service. Every dish we ordered was delicious! Definitely coming back!One, this place is super cute and they have a great upstairs and balcony. My favorite dishes are the scotch bonnet shrimp, fried chicken, salads and softshell crab. Don't sleep on their drinks though- the blueberry froze is amazing. They've been offering curbside during quarantine and it's been a lifesaver!! #yelploveBrussels sprouts, sweet potatoes, Korean ribeye. You can quit there, but everything else I tasted was excellent as well. This is a mouth watering menu!!!Me and my sister only stopped here for day drinks and apps. But I will return for the full menu with my husband. But the drinks and Brussel sprouts were Really good, But the Service is amazing our waitresses were very attentive even though we were just drinking. Was greeted every-time even while  going to  restroom lol. I think the general manager name was Vernan??  lol he was very delightful and had dad jokes lol. I definitely will be returning! Great atmosphere.