The emperor has no clothes.  This is not a fancy restaurant.  It's basically upscale casual, kinda like olive garden.  The wait staff is non-professional - just a bunch of kids whom I'm sure have other jobs during the day.  Pretty much everything on the menu is battered and deepfried  - not exactly "fancy cooking".  It's too bright, drafty and noisy.  My wife's fish was way undercooked and they brought me the wrong item - which was so covered in "gravy" that I didn't even realize it at first.  In sum, this is more of a tourist-trap than fine dining.  Bottom line ... very over-priced.The reviews were good so we decided to check to check this place for lunch. We shared an oyster po-boy and a chicken gumbo. Both were delicious and worth the lunch price. The service and ambience were good. Certainly worth a try if you are in the area.The sweet potato pecan pie is a must have! It comes with whip cream on the side.  The waiter I had was kind enough to bring me an extra serving of the whip cream. Yes, all of it was delicious!  A pic is posted.
I also loved that it was a Casual yet Elegant place to dine at.  There is also an open kitchen and the place looked very clean. 
Another plus: price is reasonable.This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans! However, skip the over priced dinner and go for their lunch on Thursday through Saturday. It's more casual, but it's the same food at a fraction of the cost. Bread pudding for $3? Yes please! The bread pudding is heavenly. It's filled with lots of spices and topped with an incredible hard sauce. They have several salads to choose from on the lunch menu which grilled or fried seafood that come on top. My husband loves both the fried shrimp and fried oyster po-boys. You need to go here if you want great, classic New Orleans food! It all started with K-Paul!We made reservations during restaurant week.  We were not given the restaurant week menu when seated, we had to ask for it, and it was delivered with some attitude.  When asking for recommendations on wine, our two servers clearly knew nothing about the wine list - they both read it over quietly for a while, and didn't actually make any suggestions, just "well, if you like sauvignon blanc, we have two of those..."  The dining room was really loud, with tables closely packed.  Bread was really good, served hot, two pieces each of 4 different types.  The appetizers (fried green tomatoes with shrimp and turtle soup) were delicious - highlight of the meal.  The blackened drum was good, the blackened rib-eye just OK.  The sides were not great - mixed veggies were undercooked with rock-hard carrots.  Whipped potatoes were OK but not great.  We took dessert to go - sweet potato pecan pie was wonderful, can't judge the bread pudding fairly because we ate it cold the next day.  We wanted to split the check, but the server apparently ran my card twice and didn't run the other card at all, which caused some problems with fraud alert at my bank during the night - not a great experience on vacation.  Overall, the food was very good but not amazing, but the poor service really put a damper on our experience.Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic. Cannot recommend a place higher. Wife got surf and turf, I got the rabbit. The drum (fish) was absolutely sublime --neither of us prefer fish, but the dish alone can change one's opinion of the meat. How often would you see perfect rabbit and tenderloin left on the plate to a common fish?! Also,  the jalapeno bread (free starter) was like a soft and doughy auntie Anne pretzel: divine! Also, fast service, clean bathrooms.Had Fried green tomatoe as appetizer. Main course jambalaya  with flounder and shrimp. Wife had drum. All as good if not better  than advertised.An eating tour of the French Quarter isn't complete without a stop at K-Paul's.  The food is tremendous.  I've been there a half dozen times and it never disappoints.  While the food is authentic NOLA cuisine, you won't find many of the main staples (the last time I was there a week ago they didn't have an étouffée on the menu).  The Gumbo and Turtle Soups were amazing, and ordering anything "blackened" you can't go wrong (our server claimed that the blackened style of cooking was invented by Chef Paul).  Beware of the bread basket, it was super good so don't fill up on the bread!  Cocktails were wonderfully made and the desserts were perfect.  You'll spend more than you would at many of the quarter's restaurants, but you get what you pay for, and here, it's a special meal!The staff was amazing from the host to waitress and all those along this culinary adventure.  The bread basket was scrumptious and although small the fried green tomato was to die for! For dinner we got the surf and turf which was so exploding with flavor. My husband and I could decide what our most favorite part of the meal was. Before we left we couldn't contain our excitement about returning!!!!My review is for Sheila the waitress. Wow she is just terrific. She has been working there for 17 years. I was undecided on what to order, between two dishes and she said "I'll take care of that for ya..." Wow did she. The kitchen combined my two wishes into one and thank you Sheila, I left a happy person! Hopefully you are lucky to find yourself waited on by Sheila because she is what makes a good restaurant great!
Side note, the bread to start is ridiculously good, get the bread pudding at the end. You will not be disappointed. 
Oh you must get reservations, or in our case, we looked at what time they opened and waited 1/2 hour outside to be the first walk in. The second walk in was turned down. There is my sneaky little tip for ya;)Some of the best versions of classic New Orleans cooking that can be found.  Prudhomme himself has been fickle and mean to me on several occasions, but i just can't hold it against his food.Our waiter at K-Paul's was really great and made the dining experience really good. We had the fried green tomato with shrimp remoulade to start (awesome!) and for dinner one of us had the rabbit (amazing!) and jambalaya plate, the other had the pan-fried flounder with the pasta in sun-dried tomato cream sauce with capers (really good). A lovely assortment of delicious bread was brought to start off as well. 
The finale was a dessert that ended up being totally disappointing. We had the bread pudding which was way overspiced with nutmeg and seemed like it was a dish made from all the carrot bread muffins we had with our bread service. It was so full of nutmeg, we took 2 bites  each and pushed it aside. Nice dining room, fun to see the kitchen and talk to the cooks.On December 27, 2013 I ate K Paul's, Chief Paul Prudhomme's restaurant in the French Quarter.  The Dining Room is cozy with seating available by the window to the kitchen.  
Before appetizer's our waiter brought out a bread basket with cornbread, molasses muffins and jalapeño cheddar yeast rolls.  That was the best cornbread I have ever had in my life and the molasses muffins and rolls were out of this world and everyone ranted and raved about their entree.
The wait staff was energetic and well prepared.  The only complaint I had was we had difficulty with the reservation we made a week in advance but, it all worked out in the end and was a great expierence.It was a toss up between K-Paul and Mr B's Bistro. K-Paul won on the sheer fact I saw soft shell crab over this delicious looking linguine. 
There was no soft shell crab over linguine on the day of visit. Now I'm stuck sitting there eating their delicious bread basket consisting of pecan muffins, corn bread and jalapeño cheese rolls. 
The turtle soup was not very good. It tasted like a dark, hearty chili with meat that tasted like a mix of liver and ground meat. 
She ordered the duck breast with andouille sausage with rice. The breast meat tasted like chicken. Don't get this. 
The fried fish with shrimp étouffée like sauce over rice was good but it didn't taste like a $40 dish. Quite frankly, it wasn't that impressive either. 
We must have ordered the wrong things because I didn't enjoy the 5 star experience like the rest of the reviews.If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.  But that's all that yelp allows.
Let me start with countering a few reviews up here already.  First someone called the food bland.  Let's just start with the Caesar salad.  Plain salad, nothing super exciting, but K-Paul's still managed to give it some kick.  So whoever thinks the food is bland must have no taste buds whatsoever if even the salad has pep.
Next, people complained about the service.  I think you must have gotten someone on a really bad day.  I was there with a good sized group of people and Sean was AMAZING.  He got our orders right, he constantly checked on us, our glasses were never empty, and our food was served hot and quite promptly.  
Finally, some people have complained about having to wait.  I don' tknow where you are from, but where I come from, when you go to a nice restaurant in a big city, you  make a reservation.  And yes, K-Paul's takes them (up to a month in advance, in fact).  So if you are complaining because you had to wait, I'm sorry that is your own fault - this place is delicious and it should not be remotely shocking that other people want to eat here too.
Ok, but now let's talk about why K-Paul's is so great.  My friends took me here last weekend for my bachelorette party.  My maid of honor called ahead exactly 30 days before we got there (she looked up the reservation policy online) and booked a table for 13 people.  When we walked in the door, the table was decorated and there was champagne on it and our server was there to keep the glasses full.  My friend worked with the restaurant to get everything just right, and they were incredibly accomodating.  She would have to speak more to this since she did it all, but suffice it to say it looked great and K-Paul's really cared about us having a good night.
The food was just to die for.  The turtle soup, the blackened drum, the jambalaya, the bread basket, I could go on and on.  Then someone at a table next to us kindly bought a dessert sampler for the entire table, so we got to taste everything and let me tell you, that bread pudding just blew my mind.  Everything was delicious; even the people in our group who aren't the biggest fans of cajun food were raving about it.   We had one of the best dining experieces ever, and I will eat there everytime I go back to NOLA (that is, if I can get a reservation).I went to K-Paul's on a Tuesday and still faced a 45 min wait, so I was expecting something good as a wait on the industry's most dead day had to be worth the wait. Overall, it was a solid choice for dinner, but I would stick to the entrees... And don't leave without sampling the bread offerings. 
The blackened drum was my dinner and something I would highly recommend. Instead of the thick dark seasoning sometimes seen on blackened fish, this was a very well balanced dish. The chipotle butter was a bit much and I ended up taking off a large portion of it.
However, the shrimp and corn maque choux was good but not great. The bread pudding was very disappointing. While I did take this to go, what I opened was a haphazardly boxed dish and didn't redeem itself with a great representation of one of my favorite desserts. I'd go elsewhere in NOLA for dessert, but the entrees are spot on here.I know there were lots of good reviews for this place, and we may have been there on an off night (even though it was Saturday), but overall: The bread was awesome (as others have mentioned) as were the fried oysters, but considering it's in an amazing food city like New Orleans, it was incredibly overpriced and more than likely living off the name/chef's name. Will definitely not be going back.
First off, our waiter was polite, but had the demeanor of a butler at the mansion of an evil billionaire.
Our table tried the frog legs, the fried oysters, and the fried rabbit tenderloin for appetizers. The fried oysters were very tasty, although a bit salty, but were a highlight of the meal. The rabbit tenderloin was great and had a lovely mustard based sauce with it, although not a great bang for the buck (and we ordered multiple, although only 1 was ever brought to the table). The frog legs were the low point of the appetizers. Very little meat, $11-12 for 2 medium sized hot wings on 3 onion rings basically. 
I ordered the barbecue shrimp, and also tried the veal. The veal was maybe a 6 out of 10, with the highlight of the dish being the topping consisting of a sauce and fried oysters (which we enjoyed during the appetizer). The barbecue shrimp was an utter disappointment. I love new orleans style BBQ shrimp, and it literally looked like it could have been dumped out of a frozen dinner tray. The sauce was passable, but lacked flavor clarity and ended up being just a mash of very overpowering seasonings, The shrimp were tiny and overcooked, and the rice cup dumped in the middle was bland at best. I wouldn't have been as upset, except that every entree on the menu is $33. Like a flat rate across the board (except the steak which was $36).
In conclusion, outside of the Fried oysters, and the bread (which they brought out right before the entrees, and then it was pulled from the table), K-Pauls was INSANELY overpriced for what was had, and very underwhelming. In NOLA, there are literally a hundred other places you could get better food at, for equal or much less money. Maybe for a family gathering with older folks who like very simple foods, but if you consider yourself an adventurous eater, someone with a more seasoned taste palate, or even a slight "foodie", I would definitely go elsewhere.Start to finish is a delight on the taste buds. Classy, great service, I recommend eating every course from appetizer to desert; the bread pudding is scrumptious!Very disappointed
Came for lunch as dinner is near impossible to get into, besides it being almost cafeteria style order and pay at the bar disposable plates and silverware take your drinks to your own table. Mom had the shrimp and Brie soup it was nice more of a thin cheddar cheese soup with shrimp I had the pork shank. Skip the shank dry and flavorless and the beans and rice we leave on your plate. No flavor again for the $30 price of the lunch self serve meal it wasn't worth the stop.The best meal I had in New Orleans! 
We came here for dinner on our wedding anniversary trip and we were greeted with champagne and confetti at our table. 
Edgar was our server and he was very polite and attentive 
We started with the buffalo frog legs and the broccoli soup which were delicious. 
The jalapeno cheddar rolls they serve were fantastic, so good they gave me extra to take back to the hotel.
I also had the stuffed pork chop and my husband had the shrimp jambalaya.
The pork chop was sublime, along with the potatoes and green beans served with it. I have never enjoyed a meal that much. The shrimp jambalaya was delicious as well.
For dessert we had the Chocolate Hill. I consider myself a fan of chocolate lava when done right. 
People take a note from K-Paul, it should never be done any other way! 
A million compliments to the chef, I can't wait to come back!who doesn't love paul?  nobody i want to be pals with, that's for sure.
i've only been to k-paul's for lunch and i've only ever had the po'boy but here's why:  hulagirl is not a po'boy lover at all but the one at k-paul's is so good, it makes me want to pee my pants.  crispy, tender, flavorful shrimp and remoulade that will make you want to die and go to heaven just so you can hug jesus and tell him thank you for k-paul's.
and i know it's aggressive but save some damn room for dessert, people.  the sweet potato pie is to. die. for.The beef medallions in debris sauce is absolutely amazing!!!!  Great ambiance and would be excellent for a romantic dinner.  The wait staff is great!A-OK.  I wish I could say it was better.  Being in New Orleans, we thought it best to eat at K-Pauls.  Being at K-Pauls, we thought the idea dish would be blackened anything.  Turns out we were wrong.
The best turned out to be the gumbo.  Some of the best ever.  I wish I would have ordered a salad (great house dressing) and a bowl of this gumbo.  Deep, dark delicious roux......
I had the Blackened Louisiana Drum.  It was just a-ok.  The blackening did not impress me or my taste buds.  The vegetables were ok, but uninspired.  The potatoes were good.  My wife had the Blackened Sirloin.  Again, ok, but no great shakes.  Her Whiskey Sour was top-notch.
Kids enjoyed their fried shrimp, and I agreed with them.  Very tasty.
Service was good, the atmosphere was lively and inviting.  If I come back to New Orleans I might try it again, but not if it is my only meal while I am here.Great food and service !!! My husband and I were indecisive about what to order and Sheila was the most amazing person to help us through what to order! She is very kind and a very sweet person!!! She made this meal fantastic!!!Okay, I hate to not give K-Paul's a five star rating, but I've been there twice now and the first time stuck with me so well that I had to bring my fiancée back there years later. For the price, the service was not good at all. They didn't even offer us the restaurant week menu until we asked for it. When asked for a wine recommendation, the waiter just pointed to the second most expensive bottle (FWIW, their wine list is insanely marked up - they need more $35-45 selections) and then knew nothing about it. 
The food - delicious. Their sauces are divine, and everything is super spiced as you might expect. But for the money, there are a dozen other places you can go. You should go here sometime though - if nothing else, it is a pilgrimage.My first meal in New Orleans, and it was great and very filling.
After a ten hour flight from Hawaii, not much sleep, going to Jazz Fest, I stopped at this little restaurant.  I had walked passed it many times on other trips to NOLA, but there was always a line out the door.  Well, with goo luck on my side, a great little trio was playing some tunes just outside and I got a table right away.
I order the gumbo cup, and jambalaya with chicken.  It was great!  They also brought a nice basket with rolls and muffins.  I also had a Pimm's cup, not as good as the others, but good none the less.
I never finished my food, and I hate taking food back to the hotel, so I left half the dish with the restaurant.  I just could not eat any more!  And I so wanted to try their bread pudding.  Good thing I still have a week left here!Frog legs, jambalaya, grilled ribeye with brown butter... all amazing. Friendly staff. Fun setting. Recommended.I love this place! I have to take a trip to K-Paul whenever I am in New Orleans. The food, atmosphere, and service is always spot on. You must try the Blackened Drum Fish it is life changing.!Absolutely outstanding! Went here two nights in a row because the food was SO delicious. The first sensation was their house salad with pesto vinaigrette - I promise you it is amazing. We also had the best turtle soup ever here and all four entrées we had (drum, salmon, pork chop, beef tenderloin) were simply mouthwatering.
The experience was complemented by our waitress Sheila who provided outstanding service and gave perfect recommendations with her cajun charme!
Overall 5 stars because we couldn't have asked for better service, food or ambience. Definitely a place to recommend and will come here again when in NOLA!Yum! Loved this place when we went the last time we visited New Orleans. The bread basket is amazing and pretty much a meal in itself. Try to save room for the entrees!Dined here for the third time last night. Recommend to call for a reservation as even on a random week night, there were lots of folks. 
Meals come with big basket of various rolls.
Blue cheese dressing is still the best ever!!!!! Though the pesto vinaigrette and green onion salad dressings were very tasty.     
Cheese stuffed blackened pork chop was great. Cooked perfectly packed with flavor. Came with potato side that was too salty but rich in flavor.
We would go again but wasn't as awed by this dining experience as in the past. It was pretty loud and lighting was bright. Salty potatoes kept me from a 5 star review.Whenever I've visited New Orleans over the last 20 years I've had dinner at K-Paul's and every time I've left happy.  The food is superb - top quality fresh ingredients with massive depth of flavor.  This is beautiful, richly flavored, real Creole cuisine that's been perfected over a long period of time by Paul Prudhomme and his talented team of master chefs.We got here without a reservation. The wait was only about 15 minutes, so not bad at all. I ordered the Cajun martini, which was ok. Would give that a skip the next time. The gumbo and fried green tomatoes were amazing. Surf and turf with the blackened drum as well as filet were superb, but the best was the BBQ shrimp and the superb rice.  Wow. Desert was the special of the day, which was the apple tart- a definite miss. Overall, almost have it 4 stars, but the appetizers and main courses were just fantastic. Do not miss this place when in New Orleans.On our first night in town, the group I was traveling with was at our hotel bar and the bartender suggested we try this place, and even called in a reservation for us. We were seated immediately upon arrival, and our waitress was really cool and helpful. We split a trio of appetizers including the fried green tomatoes and all were very good. On the recommendation of the waitress I ordered the surf and turf, mainly due to her boast that the steak was aged and so tender it could be cut with a fork. After we ordered, we were brought a selection of breads that were AMAZING!  It was extremely difficult not to ruin our meal by gorging on bread. My two favorites were the jalapeño cheddar and the pumpkin spice. When our entrees arrived I discovered that the steak was indeed so tender that it did not require a knife. The reduction on top was very flavorful and the crawfish added just the right amount of kick. The fish was cooked so well that even the "fish haters" in our group loved the flavor. In all it was quite an amazing experience. I will definitely make this a must visit for my next trip to NOLA!The food melted in my mouth.  The sauces exploded with every bite. Both the blackened fish and the beef dishes were excellently prepared. The service was top notch as you would expect from a restaurant like this. I wish i could give them a five star but the noise level really took away from the experience.  I couldn't hear anything my husband said from across the table and trying to listen to the waiter was almost impossible.  When I go to any expensive restaurant to celebrate a special occasion, atmosphere is important. Perhaps it was because it was raining that night and the balcony doors were closed.Really really awesome meal ! We had gumbo, spinach salad (dressing was so good), duck,andouille , shrimp pasta Alfredo. Shrimp étouffée , veal chop, steak bites.... We all had very good meals. Nice place, dress is casual/dressy. Was a little noisy but we could still hold a conversation. 
This is our second time here (first was pre-Yelp).Our meal was EXCELLENT!.....the best we've had in New Orleans!  Rachel was our waitress.  She was a pleasure and Morgan was also wonderful.
We especially enjoyed the fried green tomato and shrimp appetizer, turtle soup, freshly baked breads, and blackened drum fish.
I am handicapped and brought a scooter in the restaurant.  The staff was very helpful!  
We Definitely recommend this restaurant!We came here for lunch on a locals recommendation. We've been waiting for 30 minutes for their simple "deli style" lunch which was shockingly overpriced. Getting ready to walk out, not sure what the hype is about.
*after about 45 minutes we received our food. Mediocre and overly salted.Three stars is not damning.  It means "A-OK", which is A-OK.  And this place is A-OK. 
The food is good, consistantly good.  Neither me nor wifey were blown away though.  We arrived on Monday evening in June, which meant that there were plenty of seats available, but be sure to reserve early if you want to dine on the weekend.
The starters were very generous.  Wifey had a sausage, which she enjoyed very much.  However, butchers in England generally do excellent sausages (go on you ignorant feckers, scoff away) and I thought it OK.  My seafood starter was fresh and very good.  
However, already we toyed with the idea of having to leave room for the entree.  We did not, but it would have been wise.  Wife had her crab, which was good, but for which she did not have room.  
I dived into my own fish, paused (a schoolboy error) and could no longer fit anymore in.  I have a very healthy appitite, but the portions were too much.  I would recommend two starters each and going tapas style.
Still, the pecan pie was very nice.  However, even the part of the stomoch reserved for desert (the existance if which is asserted by every child), was not up to the task.
It was all good.  The service was A-OK (though a little hesitant on recommending wine), the food was A-OK.  It was A-OK.  3 Stars.
Pro: large portions, perfectly good food.
Con: Not blow-you away food, $$$My wife and I stopped here for the deli style lunch before heading over to the WWII museum.  K-Paul's lunch was recommended to us from our waitress at Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29 (also worthy of 5 stars) the night before.
The deli style lunch was perfect!  You walk in, they give you a paper menu, have you seat yourself, and then direct you to order up at the bar when you are ready.  My wife and I looked through the menu for a few minutes, and made our choices.  I walked up to the bar, waited in line for a couple minutes, and placed our order.  The ladies at the bar were super friendly and kept the line moving quickly.  After ordering, they gave me a number for my table, and then we waited for the food to be brought out on plastic plates.
What did we order?  My wife had the Baked Chicken and Chartres Street Jambalaya.  We had jambalaya earlier in the week at one of the popular oyster bars, and this was so much better!  The chicken was good, but not special.  I had the Fried Flounder with Andouille and Tasso Hash (with the vegetable of the day - fried cauliflower).  OK.  This is the stuff that dreams are made of!  The fish was fresh, perfectly cooked, and the sauce was amazing!  I had never had fried cauliflower before... what an introduction.  So tasty!  And the hash was amazing too!
I think we spent about $30 total for the two of us with drinks.  A spectacular value, because this was a dinner quality meal for lunch prices.  Highly recommended!Cute place. Food was yummy. Fun decor (paintings of animals with the recipies... Of how that animal is cooked. But cute) 
Good: great cocktail menu. ($11) Food was excellent. Fried oysters (heaven!! $12). Black drum (lots of butter tho between the fish and the veges). Table bread was in a few varieties-- jalapeño cheddar and cornbread ones were excellent. Husband thought the BBQ shrimp were AHmazing (it's NOLA bbq... like boiled in broth rather than a sweet bbq sauce)  (both entrees $33). Bread pudding very nutmegy, which made me happy tasting like Christmas day and all ($6)
Bad things: dirty bathrooms. Outer waiter was curt and kept disappearing. As we left we saw why... several waiters out front smoking (ewww). Just wanted to taste what was Chantilly dessert cream, got charged $2.50 for a very very small portion. But I suppose it was worth it, Yum! 
Overall: expensive. But yummy.Dinner was amazing. Melissa our waitress was fabulous. The only down side was the lady at the table beside us who complained about everything. Ever time the waitress went to her table she had something to say. But Melissa handled it like a pro. The food was great I would def come back.Wow!!! One of the best meals I've ever had. The sausage and fried green tomato appetizer were absolutely delicious. The drum was cooked perfectly and so flavorful. The steak and stuffed pork chop were cooked to perfection.My husband and I decided to go here for dinner after walking by one afternoon. I made a call and had a reservation that evening. We hadn't ever had turtle soup, but the table next to us was raving about it, so we tried it. It was delicious! Then we had the crawfish enchilada...it was fantastic. For our main courses my husband had the blackened drum and I had the stuffed pork chop. My husband was impressed with the drum, which he'd never had before and I'm still dreaming about that pork chop! The service was beyond exceptional. I can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu.Service was great, very professional yet lots of fun, not uptight and stiff.  The basket of bread was ridiculous, could have made a meal out of that alone (Suck it Dr. Atkins).  Portions were generous but not excessive.  Based on the price and the quality/portions of the food, this is an exceptional value.  The restaurant had a small comfy feel, which was great, but it was a little noisy (there for a business dinner) and it made conversations a little tough.  I'd like to say that I'd definitely go back, but there are so many other places in NOLA that I need to try and K-Paul's isn't a LMOE (Last meal on Earth) restaurant.I have eaten some truly memorable and outstanding meals here. The restaurant is deceptive, it looks very plain from the outside when you are waiting in line, but it is very welcoming and upscale on the inside. Every dish i have had here was prepared with care and skill, the fried oyster that topped my blackened redfish was one of the best i've ever had, and it was not the focal point of the dish. Their version of jambalaya may just spoil you for all others. K-Pauls is on my list everytime i'm in town and i think most yelpers will enjoy it as well.We got in without reservation, but it'll be good to call ahead. Our Uber driver had nothing but nice things to say. The restaurant looked clean. Good crowd, fast service great food, I'll be back againThis was hands down the best meal I have EVER had. Even the bread basket was divine. Carrot Cake Bites, Cornbread Bites, Yeast Rolls, Jalapeno Rolls - all were delicious! I never review food but this meal was an experience and I just had to come share it.
Started with a cup of  the Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. The flavor was so amazing I never wanted the cup to end....For my Entree I had the Blackened Twin Beef Tenders with Debris Sauce, Broccoli and Potatoes. The mixture of flavors was like none other. I ate there several days ago and I am STILL dreaming about this meal. The blackening is something Chef Paul Prudhomme invented and is very different than how others use these spices. Pure perfection. To finish the meal, our family split a Toffee Cheesecake Tart....also - divine. 
The staff is like a well oiled machine, they are friendly and knowledgeable...and you can even watch the kitchen from a window - quite fun!
I HIGHLY recommend making this a stop on your next NOLA trip - you won't regret it!Had the most amazing meals in New Orleans we saved this for our last vacation meal. It was good, not great, but good. Had the chicken and jambalaya and it cooked well and seasoned perfectly. Just nothing over the top. Husband had the duck creole and he had same experience. Good, not great. Service was great!K-Paul's is a must in new orleans.  i had been before but had to take my lady cuz she had never been.  it was oyster fest and no other place had seating.  we were getting hangry (hungry + angry) and k-paul's was a just a shot since every other place had turned us down (i dont do waiting).  it was funny because the host pretended to be searching for a seat for us for about a minute but once we were sat upstairs it was obvious they had no problems with walkins.  the place is huge and sits a lot of people off the street.  
great waitress; she talked us out of the duck.  i am always impressed with staff honesty.  
martini was meh (too much vermouth) but i am a martini snob.  
the bring amazing breads before you get your meal and offer to keep the breadk coming which is unexpected since the breads are not your standard breads.
for app we split the green tomatoes with dill sauce and shrimp remaloude (sp?).  it was really really good.  dill sauce gave it a refreshing spin without over powering.
i got the surf and turf (beef tenders and blacked fish).  they say they change the menu's weekly but all the other yelp reviews had the same things.  beef and the fish were both great but a little too salty in my opinion (read that in a couple other reviews so might be how it is made).  it was good though.  my date got the salmon and that was really good too.  mash potatoes were great and so were the green beans (lots of Tony's).  
I would suggest K-Paul's to others because I do think it is a New Orleans staple but I personally don't like it enough to keep going back myself.Rather disappointing. Food was a step above good but nothing special. Will not eat here again. Magic is gone.We've been going to New Orleans 2-3 times a year for the past 7 years, and discovered K-Paul's back in 2013.  Since our first experience there, we've been back 26 times.  Every single experience there has been worthy of 5-stars.  I'm not exaggerating, we've never once left disappointed.  Here's how much we love this place:  on our last trip, in December of 2017, we were there 4 nights, and ate at K-Paul's all 4 nights.  We now depart New Orleans on Sundays.  Why?  Because K-Paul's is closed on Sundays.
My favorites include the green onion dressing on either the house or spinach salads.  It comes with the house salad, and you can also request it for the spinach.
For entrees, I've yet to go wrong, and my favorite is the Blackened Stuffed Pork Chop Marchand De Vin.
I can also recommend anything with shrimp, as well as the Blackened Louisiana Drum.  Also, the Eggplant Pirogue with shrimp is beyond description.  And the Blackened Twin Beef Tenders with Debris is amazing.
The menu changes daily, yet most of the above is pretty standard most nights.
As for the service, we've never had a bad experience.  We latched on to Sheila years ago and now we cannot let her go.  She has so much enthusiasm for her job and does whatever she has to for everyone to feel welcomed and comfortable.
We're headed back to New Orleans again in February and will once again be eating at K-Paul's every night.
This is the only restaurant wherein the food causes me to make sound effects.  Biting into a salad with that dressing or one of the above-referenced entrees will cause me to moan...I'm not kidding!deeeeellliiiish!!!
it was our first night in town and we wanted to start w a good meal. boy did we!
the bread to start, warm and fresh, was easily finished. we wanted to save room for our meals, but we couldn't help ourselves. the least favorite was the molasses. then we equally liked the rest: regular roll, jalapeño roll, and cornbread.
next were our appetizers: dancing crab legs and fried green tomatoes. we wish there were more than two fried green tomatoes bc they were nice and crispy on the outside while plump and juicy on the inside. especially with the sauce, it was a great combo. we also loved the dancing crab legs. i mean who doesn't love breaded crab legs that are fried and served with a chipotle sauce?!
for our entrees, we shared the blackened drum with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies, fried flounder with sautéed string beans and jambalaya, and shrimp éfoutée. we couldn't help but stuff our faces even when we were pretty full from the bread and appetizers. the shrimp was so very tasty. the flounder was fried perfectly and went well with the green beans. and the blackened drum i think was my favorite. esp with those creamy masked potatoes. now mix all of that together and you have one hell of a partay in my stomach!!!!!!Maybe one of my top meals in Nola. Even the bread basket alone was to die for! I got the Jambalaya which was SO good. Apparently the turtle soup is amazing though I didn't have it. I made a reservation in advance but it was easy to change. I had a bite of everyone's dish (pork chop, fried oysters, shrimp etouffe) and they were all great!Can I just say how grateful I am that I scheduled this dinner reservation as my last meal in New Orleans? The reason you ask? Because there is no way anything I ate on my entire 6 day vacation to the bayou that can even compare to K-Paul's. We had to get the earliest reservation, (5:30) but we came hungry. Immediately upon walking into the restaurant we were greeted and led to the upstairs dining room. It was dimly lit and intimate. I ordered the sidecar, which was described to me as a southern margarita. It was delicious and strong.
After ordering, the infamous bread basket arrived at our table. Appropriately placed on a pedestal of sorts, we received 8 homemade rolls (2 of each kind). Although they were all delicious, here is my ranking:
1. The cornbread. Too bad these muffins were so small because they were incredible.
2. The molasses muffin. My bf wasn't as crazy about this one as I was, but it was sweet and had a unique consistency.
3. The yeast roll. So much more than white bread.
4. The jalapeno roll. Wish there was a tiny bit more spice to this one, but delicious nevertheless.
Then came our appetizers. The fried green tomatoes with shrimp were spicy and perfectly crisp. The sauce on top of them was incredibly seasoned. The gumbo was made from a dark roux and was spicy and filled with chunks of homemade andouille. I couldn't believe we weren't even on the main courses yet.
Then came my entree. I ordered the blackened and stuffed pork chop that was covered in a dark sauce. Upon biting into this pork chop, I immediately noticed how perfectly blackened the outside was and how perfectly juicy the inside was. Chef Paul is the man. The potatoes that accompanied my dish tasted like butter as did the veggies. My bf got the blackened drum that he proclaimed was the best fish he had ever eaten.
Being the fat kid that I am, I had to get dessert. I am not a big bread pudding fan, but our waitress sold me on ordering it for dessert. When it arrived in a little bowl it was hot and smelled divine. It tasted creamy and had a hint of Courvosier to it. The bread wasn't too soggy and it tasted of caramel. This dessert converted me to a bread pudding fan.
Overall, my experience at K-Paul's was one of the best dining experiences of my life. From the service to the care and technique put into the preparation of the food, I was incredibly impressed. Every time I come back to New Orleans I will make it a point to get a reservation at K-Paul's.Came here as highly recommended. Glad I ate here. Ordered a bunch of different foods with a large group of people. These were the standout dishes:
App: frog legs, turtle soup, shrimp enchiladas
Entree: blackened drum!!!
(Didn't order dessert)I really enjoyed my meal at K-Paul's.  The service was excellent, the ambiance was wonderful, and my meal was delicious.  
I went with a large group of my co-workers, and many of them ordered the turtle soup.  It was really, really good (once you bypass the fact that it's made from turtles).  The cornbread was sooooo moist, and the jalapeno bread was yummy (we didn't care for the molasses bread, though).  I had the pork tenderloin, and it was extremely tasty.  While I don't really care for bread pudding, I was surprised how good it was.  
This was hands down my favorite meal during my stay in NOLA.My husband a and I have just returned from having a wonderful dinner at K -Paul's Kitchen.  Everything we ordered was great. He had the Gumbo and I had the Enchilada as appetizers and the we're terrific.  Entrees, filet mignon and stuffed pork chops were awesome. Cocktails and wine were also great. Our server Sheila was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She took the time  to explain menu to us and answered any questions we had. I would definitely return to this place!Let's hope my girlfriend forgives me for ruining her 30th birthday. Pretty bad dining experience that ended with us paying way more than customers ever should when a restaurant has had such a rough night.
First off, our server was the meanest thing this side of the Mississippi. Unless she, too, had eaten cold crawfish etoufee from K-Paul's earlier in the day, I'm not sure what could have happened to put her in such a foul mood. I basically saw her as much as I saw Chef Prudhomme. 
Five out of our eight entrees came out cold, which is no surprise because it took 17 hours for them to arrive. It seems like everyone in the back was standing around, waiting for Chef Prudhomme to fire up the flat-top. To be fair, there weren't any pieces of shell in nine out of the ten fried oysters; so, no one broke a tooth, but we did have one golden-brown fried oyster shell. 
I guess I didn't mind being overcharged. Hopefully, the restaurant can use some of the money to widen Chef Paul's casket. 
The one star is for the 75 seasoning packets we got as a consolation from the manager. Now, if I ever need to blacken a grizzly bear, or a fully developed moose, I have all of Chef Prudhomme's old salt.The history behind K Pauls is fascinating: Chef Paul Prudhomme is a legend in Louisiana, He opened his first restaurant in 1957. K-Paul's has been going strong in The Quarter since 1979. Using fresh seasonings and spices, he specializes in creole southern style cooking. There are no freezers in the restaurant, so all menus are fresh daily!
I have visited here before and had a very enjoyable experience, so my boyfriend and I decided to make reservations and eat here for Valentines Day. 
Our reservations were for 9pm and when we arrived it was pretty busy. I am still pretty impressed at the wait staff for being able to take orders without writing them down. Our waitress has actually been serving there for 15yrs! 
We started by ordering the Fried Green Tomatoes with a shrimp chipotle sauce. We have had this before and love them! For our main meals, I ordered blackened prime ribeye with a brown garlic butter sauce, potatoes and fresh veggies. The ribeye was blackened in a cast iron skillet, it was good, but not one of my favorites. My boyfriend ordered Paneed(breaded) rabbit veal with crawfish and New Orleans red gravy pasta. The crawfish had scallops mixed in them. he had never eaten crawfish before and asked them to put them on the side. he was not a fan of the scallops, but he really liked the crawfish.
Our waitress was confused because he was asking about different things on the menu, and so when his meal arrived it was the rabbit, but with a different item. She took the dish back and within 5 min, he had what he ordered and then with a plate of breaded chicken as the chef messed up.
Non the less we still enjoyed our meal and obviously had plenty to take as to go. For delaying our meal and mixing it up, the gladly gave each of us a dessert on the house! I ordered the Flan with a pecan crumb base. It was awesome! My boyfriend ordered chocolate fudge lava cake. It was delicious and very rich. 
At the end of our meal, our waitress was kind enough to let me take the day's printed menu home as i scrapbook and they change out the menu daily. overall, we love coming to this place and would recommend it to anyone who has yet to try some creole-cajin style Louisiana cooking.This place is great. My date and I had ourselves some fried green tomatos to start off and it was a prelude to a good dinner. The different kinds of rolls and breads they brought us were also a nice touch.
I had jumbalaya and I had to tilt my head when it came to me all divided up and unmixed. Neverthless, after I threw everything together I had to debate in my head whether it was the best plate of jumbalaya I've had. I never settled on the idea but it defintely makes the top 3 list.
The service was good and treated us the same even though I had mistakenly come a bit too casual and underdressed. All around this was a nice elegant dinner all for under $100.I just can't say enough about K-Paul's and how they made an evening with my family, truly special.  From Sheila to Mark in the kitchen to everyone in the place, our evening with my wife and four kids was truly memorable.  We were lucky enough to get the Chef's Table for the six of us.  Sheila, our server was amazing.  From our initial introduction where she grabbed our phone to take pictures of us to spending time with each of our kids making them comfortable was remarkable.  We ordered such a variety so that all my kids could try everything (many dishes were a first for them).  In Illinois, not many 10 year olds get Frogs Legs, Rabbit, Veal, etc.
I can go on, but if you have never been to K-Paul's (my last time was 25 years ago), please go and ask for Sheila.My dad came to K-Paul's 25 years ago while passing through(having bought a cookbook and falling in love with Cajun cuisine). Unfortunately, there was a Gone Fishin' sign on the door. I now live in New Orleans and was so excited to eat with him there last night. The food and service did not disappoint! Everything was delicious. Pop had a perfect seat with a view into the open kitchen. My favorite bites were the fried green tomato appetizer, blackened drum, green onion salad dressing, and pecan crime brûlée. Portion sizes were very generous and bread basket was delicious (took all our will power not to fill up on bread!). It was truly a great meal.What can be said? This is an iconic establishment in New Orleans French Quarter with arguably the best Cajun food around. The chicken & andouille gumbo was perfect. The turtle soup had just the right amount of spices and tasted great. My wife and I shared the shrimp étouffée and all I can say is WOW. 
The waiter we had was very personable and made great recommendations. 
If you are in NOLA and want some great food, do yourself a favor and eat at K-Pauls.This may be the best meal in New Orleans.  Wonderfully prepared meals,  fresh cuisine and a true landmark! Won't bore you here, just get there when you can.Came here for lunch twice in a row for the BBQ Shrimp & Grits with Potato Skins. Once of the best meals I had in New Orleans and a pretty good value. The lunch concept is great, you go to the bar and order your food and sit down and your food is brought to you. Works for me. Can't wait to go back to NO and get more. My only setback is I wish there was a little more on the plate, I was still a little hungry and looking for more because it was so good. But I guess it is just lunch!Probably the best meal I have had in NOLA. Fried green tomatoes are insanely good. The blackened drum was off the charts. Service too notchA-M-A-Z-I-N-G!! Our favorite restaurant and a must stop for dinner when in NOLA. The food is impeccable. Everything from the bread basket to the Jambalaya to Gumbo to the Turtle Soup to the Paneed/ Southern Style Chicken Breast to the bread pudding (I could go on and on) to the Trout and Ribeye. I have never been disappointed with anything I have had here. The service is also great. One year a  member of our group was a vegetarian. Without  hesitation the waiter and the chef prepared something for our friend that was unbelievable. The bathroom facilities  are always clean. Great atmosphere and the staff goes beyond what is expected to make your experience worth every penny. They are more than happy to take pictures, recommend wine pairings, generally make you feel welcome. Price is very reasonable and affordable and for the quality and taste, I would say it is the best NOLA restaurant!What a disappointment!!!! Years ago, when we traveled back and forth to NOLA for vacations and P.P. was alive, we made it a point to get to K-Paul's because it was SO good. We hadn't been back in nearly three years, until tonight and we were shocked and saddened at how tragic both the food and the service have become. Let me assure any of y'all who are reading this review as tourists - New Orleans has MUCH better to offer you! Once upon a time, this restaurant prided itself on southern hospitality and fine cuisine. That's no longer the case. Although we requested (and received) a balcony table on this beautiful New Orleans night, even the scenic view and the quintessential Secondline could not have saved the meal. The bread basket - a K-Paul's staple is just as good as it's always been, but beyond that, things have turned sloppy and tasteless. Our server, Erin, was not at all warm or particularly interested in serving us. She gave us about 1 minute to review the menu and when I explained to her that we got caught up watching the parade and hadn't had a chance to look over the menu she asked what we wanted for dinner.....??? We decided on 2 appetizers to share, the house salad, and an entree to split. The appetizers and salad arrived at the same time. The sausage was bland, the crawfish eggrolls were decent at best and the "house salad" was nothing more than a handful of wilted lettuce out of a bag thrown sloppily onto a plate. So sad! Our meal arrived shortly thereafter and we can't help but think that Mr. Prudhome would be embarrassed at what was presented. A greasy, fried chicken cutlet with a scoop of what they called jambalaya - (really it was just rice with tomato sauce) and tasteless chunks of vegetables. We didn't finish it and didn't stay for dessert. Our waitress never checked on our food, never refilled our water, never asked if we wanted another cocktail or a glass of wine with dinner. We have lived full-time in New Orleans for 2 years and I can't honestly remember the last time I've had a bad meal; it's relatively hard to do here in this city of foodies. K-Paul's has lost its charm and I'm sad to say that we won't return. There are simply too many other restaurants. Try those Yelpers!Very disappointing. We made reservations since we weren't able to get in last year when we were in NO. We sat upstairs. Not the same ambiance as downstairs. My cosmo was too sweet. The food wasn't hot, only lukewarm. Blackened fish should be served immediately after cooking. My gumbo was lukewarm too. They are definitely living on their reputation since Paul Prudhomme died in 2015. But with Yelp that won't last forever. I'm sorry I have to write this review. Just hoping to set expectations for someone that reads this.Stay clear of apathetic management and angry to be a server (Patricia). Requested front of house management for a new server in order to make it through our eveing and he never bothered to check on us or clarify what the issue was. Very sad that our "here on business $" were spent here.Nice french quarter restaurant. I loved that the kitchen is open, so guests can see what is going on in the kitchen, it has a very homie feeling.
We went for the COOLinary month menu (restricted menu at a fixed price and you can choose one appetizer, one entree, and one dessert).
Let me start by saying that their bread they give you is amazing! The jalapeno cheddar bun is a must! The regular bun is pretty good as well. The carrot muffin had too much cinnamon in my opinion.
For appetizers we tried the Tourtle Soup and the Fried Green Tomatoes. They were both excellent, and I usually dont like green tomatoes. They put some oil in the turtle soup that hit the spot.
For entrees, we had the Blackened Stuffed Pork Chop and their famous Blackened Drum. The pork chop was perfectly cheesy! We loved it! 
I found the drum to be a little too salty, which was a little disappointing because it is their signature dish.
Dessert was a total dissapointment. We had the sweet potato pecan pie and the bread pudin. They were both extremely sweet, one spoon was enough. The bread pudin had more raisings than bread, and was topped with some kind of awefull sugary cream.Always happy here. A neat atmosphere of home cooking and white table cloth. This is Cajun. Gumbo is so personal but this one does not have file'. It is dark and rich but I miss that punch of the spice. 
Fried green tomatoes with chipotle shrimp remoulade was a hit. Crunchy, spicy and well cooked shrimp. 
The blackened drum was perfectly cooked --a signature dish and deservedly so. 
Others in the party had a jalapeño margarita that blended a touch of sweet with the heat and called for a second roundI have never had a bad meal at K-Paul's and I eat there 4 to 6 times a year.  Tonight must have been a bad night as the turtle soup was cool (less than room temp) and the Duck and Shrimp pasta should have been called "Essence of Duck" as there were no pieces of duck larger than a pea. YES I would go back as I do not think there is a better place to eat in New Orleans.My all time favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I have never had a bad meal here. I have so many favorites, veal with mango salsa, twin filets with debris sauce and the best soup/bisque I've ever had in my life - Butternut Squash with Bronzed Shrimp bisque. 
Going there for lunch is great also. Lunch is inexpensive and never disappoints.Wow this place rocks. Had the blackened Drum fish. It was moist and tasty not over seasoned. My best meal in New Orleans! For those that want authentic Louisiana food get over there. I also had the fried clams and one word describes them. Delicious!Awful! This place has gone waaay downhill. Don't waste your time or money here! Got a huge gob of uncooked flour from the onion rings right into my mouth because it was hidden under the crispy outer layer. The crab fingers were soggy and had bits of shell mingled with the bites so you had to keep taking shells out of your mouth....eww...The sauce for the frog's legs was meh, sweet and boring. The sweet potato pecan pie was not good, either...crust was thick and the pecans tasted stale.
Sorry to say, but Paul Prudhomme must be rolling in his graveThis is one of the must go to restaurants in NOLA for me.  Paul Prudhomme is/was NOLA food.   The blackened twin beef tenderloins are always one of my very favorite meals in NOLA.   Everything on the menu is great.  Some nights you can get the tenderloin surf and turf with redfish.  That is a treat too.   It's a beautiful room and the staff are excellent.   It's fun to walk back and see the open kitchen in action.I have been going to K-Pauls for over 30 years now. For many years, it was truly a delight to dine there, the atmosphere was as if you were dining in Chef Paul's own home, the wait staff was extremely welcoming and friendly, Chef Paul was almost always there and willing to take time to have a picture taken with you. The food was heavenly, and in fact was the impetus for my interest in cooking. My brother and I dined there this past April for dinner. The front room staff were condescending, the wait staff was downright rude. The food? It was good, but I can get "good" food anywhere, I expect extraordinary food from a restaurant such as K-Pauls. There is more to great cuisine than just throwing more butter and cream to the recipe. The serving portions were on the small side as compared to what they used to serve. For the first time in all these years I left K-Pauls feeling ripped off. The absence of Chef Paul is being felt here, when the cat's away...... The mice will play, and the cooks that Paul has entrusted to carry on his traditions are letting him down in a BIG way.  The only hope for this restaurant is for Chef Paul to come in and wipe the slate clean, from the employees in the front of the house to the cooks in the kitchen. Notice I didn't call them Chefs? That's because they aren't, they are merely cooks. Chef Paul, I admire you greatly, I hope you will see the writing on the wall and make things right at your restaurant, I am disappointed you are resting on your laurels. It would be far better to shut the restaurant down at it's prime, than to go out a loser. You are only attracting tourists now, that's a sure sign you are in trouble. We won't be back until you take control of this monster you have let be created. Spend your money elsewhere yelpers, there are now far better restaurants in New Orleans where your patronage will actually be appreciated, and you won't be served tourist food.Even though this is a well known chef, the food wasn't outstanding. The waitress talked so fast (Hannah) and had a bit of an attitude. I ordered my steak well done. Yes I know steaks tend to 'taste' better med or rare but well done is just my preference. My steak came out rare and I could only eat the edges. The blackening technique I just don't get. The debris sauce was like someone took the salt and just poured it in. It was an okay meal.