This place is good for dine in or take out.  The service is always eager to serve.   The take out is quick.  I have liked everything I have ordered.  I love that it is 10 minutes from my house but I would drive further for it.  I would say it is a toss up between them and Pho Tau Bay for best vietnamese in town.  If I am not on the West Bank, this is my go to when I need some vietnamese.I am not going to pretend to be an authority on Vietnamese food, but this is the best Pho I have ever had. Very flavorful, everything is fresh. The greens, the pork, the broth. Everything.
Also their Vermicelli (pork version) is great.
The spring rolls and egg rolls are awesome too. Both versions. The dipping sauces set them off. Fried perfectly. Fresh insides. For some reason they aren't as greasy as most of the ones I generally run into.
I can always trust Kim Anh to provide a great meal. The place is very small, but the staff is very friendly and it generally isn't too crowded. And everything is priced very well.At the start of 2013 there was a change in ownership and staff at Kim Ahn's. I'm told it's still part of the same family but there's a definite difference. While still convenient and tasty, it's not quite the same. The pho is seasoned a little differently now. Something is missing, I can't quite put my finger on it.
But what they do right now is having banh mi. It's not on the printed menu, it's on the "specials" board. They do a meatball or pork "Vietnamese poboy". It's got a great roll and the pork is delicious. The pickled veg comes on the side. I wish it was already on the sandwich, but I'm not so lazy I can just put it on the roll.
There were some growing pains in the first month or so as the new staff settled in but now it's running smoothly.I eat here at least once a week!  I have never gotten a dish from here that was not top notch.  The pho broth and pork broth they make is the absolute best I've ever had. Their bun is good as well.  I'm not sure what happened with the gentleman below but I've never had poor service--sometimes it can be a bit crazy when it's super busy but that's the case at any restaurant.  Lunch is always packed!  And it is very inexpensive as well.  I buy just the broth sometimes to take home and fix my own soup later in the week.  I wish they were closer to NOLA.One of my favorite Pho places!!!!  Excellent food with exceptionally nice service.  Highly recommend.I had lunch there Monday, the day before surgery. The beef broth,'combination 
Pho noodle bowl was very goodKim ahns is So good. Wallet friendly and tasty. The Pho ga is my favorite pho in that area. Great place to go for a lunch break it's pretty quick. The fried egg rolls are also great. I've also gotten the sweet and sour chicken plate. Double thumbs upPho is so delicious here. Perfect healthy comforting soup. Also good Asian entrees and yummy spring rolls.Great place for Pho and other traditional dishes. I haven't tried every dish because every time I visit I want Pho, but my husband highly recommends the curry as his favorite. My favorite pho is the veggie pho; very tasty with plenty of broccoli and carrots.Though if I'm feeling under the weather I'll get the traditional pho - I swear it works better than chicken noodle soup! They give a ton of sides for your pho, too, to make sure you're not missing out if you're eating at home. Even the packaging they use for take out is a pleasant surprise - everything is the correct temperature when I get home, and never have I had a spill. One down side is the take out time is always 20 minutes or longer, even when they don't seem busy. If you're in a hurry, this may not be a good choice for quick take out (it's always worth the wait). Also be mindful of the hours because they do close earlier than any other take out place in the area, though they have what I would consider decent restaurant days/hours for Harahan. 
We have eaten in the restaurant itself a few times, and the atmosphere is simply ruined by the huge TV that is generally on disturbing material - like weird news or date line type shows. There's really no place to sit without feeling disturbed by the television, so 90% of the time we get food from here it's take out.I have been eating at Kim Anh's for over 5 years now (very Close to the office). No longer though. The staff seem unhappy and annoyed. The food has gotten increasingly worse for many months now. The safest thing to get without being fully disappointed is the Pho.
 I eat Vietnamese on a weekly basis at different establishments across Orleans, Jefferson, and St Tammany. Kim Anh has been scratched off my list until new owners come in. 
Save yourself the frustration. Avoid.For a while I would do to this restaurant to pick up pho to eat at home, but after a while I really started to understand how great this place is.
The pho is very good, but there are a few better bowls of pho I have had before. The fried and fresh spring rolls are delicious. However, the real gold mine is in the wonton soup and pork bahn mi poboy. I always get a cup of wonton which has a little bit of spice to it, but you can just tell the ingredients are so fresh and the broth is very tasty as well. The pork bahn mi is unbelievable. It's a pretty big sandwich to begin with but they use great bread and the pork is so full of flavor.
This is definitely my favorite Vietnamese place in the city. Stop by when you get a chance.The grilled pork & grilled chicken po boy is delicious. The won ton soup is good just a little spicy. The pho is very good great for a cold day. Ms. Teresa took our order & she was very nice & recommended a few items.It's always so good! I get the Vietnamese Pad Thai. IT'S HUGE!! But leftovers are great!Food was pretty good. Servers were nice and attentive. Only drawback was that I got my food 5 mins before my friend and I had to sit uncomfortably waiting for her food while my food got cold.Great place to go for a quick lunch.  I've tried just about everything on the menu and it has all been better than expected.  The food here is as good, if not better, than some of  the Vietnamese places I've been to while living in Los Angeles.
Personal favorites are the shrimp spring rolls and the Chicken Pho.  
The service is friendly and helpful. The prices are more than reasonable.Hate to post this, but the last few times I have been there, the pho just has not been as good as it used to be. Still good, but  definitely had to bump it down a couple of stars. That being said, it's still super convenient and close to my house, so hopefully they fix whatever changed!Omg they have the best pho soup! I work across the street and eat it often, sooo good!Kim Anh's definitely showed me the folly of not checking out yelp before eating at a new place. I prefer knowing what I'm getting myself into...
Friends wanted someplace cheap in Harahan and they've heard good things about this place. By the time I arrived, my friends had already ordered a spring roll and egg roll app. Took one bite of each and said they can finish them. Egg roll was much better than the spring roll which was mostly noodles (plus 1 shrimp- sliced in half, 1 piece of Viet ham and 1 leaf of lettuce). The peanut sauce wasn't the worst version that I've tasted (reserved for Rolls and Bowls on Metairie Rd.) but it was pretty close. Since for me, the sauce makes the dish, I had to pass. 
And now that I know that it's NOT authentic Viet food, I chose the char-grilled pork chop over rice for my meal. Portion was a nice size (two small chops) with great flavoring. Rice wasn't smashed rice as served in an authentic restaurant but rather jasmine rice. I love jasmine rice so can't complain. And their ngoc nam (fish sauce) wasn't bad. I happily pour some of that on top of my rice and started eating. 
Friends got: combination pho (she had one bite and didn't touch it the entire night,) two vermicelli dishes-one with chicken, one with pork chop and egg roll. The two of us that got the pork was very happy while the other two just picked at their food.  
Service was honestly the best part of the meal though (not counting the company, of course.) Forgot the waitress's name but she was very attentive and gave us a to go menu when we were getting ready to leave. Said they're expanding soon and getting a bar. Because of her, this place got 3 stars. 
But for food alone, 2....and for the price, stay on the Huey for another 15 mins. for some kick-ass Vietnamese food for double the portions at a fraction of the price. With sauce so good, you're actually drinking it and dunking everything within sight into that yummy peanut goodness.This was our last meal in New Orleans right before we went to the airport, and it was a disappointing way to end our trip. Kim Anh's was featured on Top Chef, so we stopped by here in hopes of finding better Vietnamese food than what we have in Chicago. Clearly they've remodeled since the show aired, and I wonder if now they're just phoning it in a little...
Our favorite part of the meal was the warm peanut-hoisin we got with our spring rolls. It wasn't overly sweet and the temperature was a really  contrast to the cold roll. 
Otherwise, the food just didn't seem very fresh? Our salad appetizer had really dry pieces of pork, and the vegetables tasted like it had been dressed and sat in a cambro for a while, which actually gave it a pickled cabbage effect I liked, but y'know... it just was very obviously not fresh.
Same with our grilled quail. The best parts were the wing tips that were crispy buttery and sweet, but the meat had a slightly off taste of fridge odor or something, I dunno. We liked that more than the pho though. 
Our pho came with the tiniest pinch of sad shriveled bean sprouts and one little wilted twig of basil. We didn't even use the sprouts because they looked so wilted. And as a whole, it just didn't hit the spot. It was served a little cooled and tasted overwhelmingly sweet and charred. We barely touched it.
I feel sad... I hope they turn this restaurant around. The service was super friendly and the updated decor is actually really nice! The food just needs to be fresh!Best Pho in town. Great service. I had the Pho tai and my daughter had the pho with no meat. We also had an order of Vietnamese egg rolls to start. Always a good meal.I've been here for lunch a few times.  It's austere, plain and cheap.  I had the pho, but didn't think it was anything special.  I went back and tried their vermicelli dishes, and loved it.  According to my server, their best seller is vermicelli with char-grilled pork, and I can see why.  The plate is large and plentiful, fresh veggies, and the pork was tender with a delicious smoky grilled flavor.  They bring some sauce on the side.  The cost of the dish was $6.99. No complaints about service.Surprisingly good pho.  Quick service. Exactly what you would want from hole in the wall Vietnamese spot. The brisket pho was a good sized portion, good flavor, and piping hot. Felt more like a family recipe pho which was a nice change from my preferred traditional pho spot. Overall good experience, good prices and definitely will return.Love and hate this place bc they hate making bubble teas.... They act all stupid on phone like they dont know they have this on their menu!! And there always out!! One of the employees doesnt know how to make them!! Get it together kim ahnsOne of the best kept secrets in Nawlins it is off the beaten path but well worth the effort to find!My family eats here quit often, the pho is great the wonton soup is to die for. Ok so theirs 5 of us, we have tried pretty much everything on the menu omg delicious. The staff is great, Maria is our Fav. Just go visit them u won't be disappointed I promise.The service was great but everyone I went with got sick after eating here. The broth for the pho we got tasted awful!!I really love this place and go about once a week for lunch, but recently they've had a change in their waiting staff which leaves this place lacking.  Their service has gone downhill, one young tall skinny waitress in particular who is very rude, and I witnessed something pretty bad.  I ordered veggie spring rolls, they brought me regular spring rolls but as I was holding it literally in my hand, they brought me the correct order.  I watched as they took the wrong one and go and give it to the correct table.  Not that my hands are unclean but that's really terrible.  It made me wonder what other stuff like that they do.Many have mentioned that service has worsened since the change in ownership, but I've found the opposite. Where service was brash and cold before, I've enjoyed nothing but warm and friendly reception to go along with the undeniably delicious Vietnamese fare.
Comfort food doesn't get any better than a huge tub of rare beef pho and an order of spring rolls.This is hands down my favorite Vietnamese restaurant!!!!  I get this for my family at least every 2 weeks, it is so good!!!  The broth for the pho ga is unlike anywhere I have ever eaten.  I cannot speak to the authenticity of the food, but I can speak to its deliciousness.  The staff and management is so kind and welcoming!There's nothing like pho when you want it, and Kim Anh's compares well to any other Vietnamese cuisine in these parts. Good price, too. Around lunchtime it's a bit muggy, though, and there isn't quite enough room nor staff to accommodate for the busy Harahan lunch crowd. It kinda smells that way, too, like a muggy place with a lot of people crowded around. Drawbacks aside, I'll be back again. I recommend the Vietnamese Egg Rolls and the Combination Pho.This is a rock solid noodle house!  The food was WOW!!! WOW because it tasted great and was inexpensive.  We started with steak spring rolls followed by two orders of Bun 2 Mon with (steak & grilled shrimp), (chicken & grilled shrimp), and Com Suon (rice with pork chops).  No beer or wine was a downer as was the simple ambiance.  I ordered the lemonade which was good but warm.Unless I am working in Harahan, I don't visit this little gem in a mini strip mall...though, if they were open on weekends. I'd occasionally make the trek.
Kim Anh serves the standard Vietnamese fare, though the bun and rice plates are served deconstructed, which is an interesting twist. All of the food is top notch, without a hint of pretention, and the prices are very reasonable. 
     There is little charm to the space, the owners and staff are friendly and efficient. Kim Anh's is predictably packed with movie folks, but less so frequented by "civilians" from the area.Absolutely the best! And they are so nice too! The Pho is great, they also have a great variety of food too.I went in for a quick lunch and everything was very good. I ordered some wonton soup for an appetizer and lemongrass beef for my entree. They we're accommodating when I asked for the lemongrass beef that wasn't on the menu. I would definitely go back to this place for lunch or even dinner.Bewildered by previous reviews of underwhelming pho. Super hot, super flavorful broth with a mound of fixins. Copious amount of chicken. Best broth in the city. 
Shrimp spring rolls were really fresh but do need more greens. Peanut sauce is delicious.
Also, an edit: Forgot to note that on my way home the pho broth tipped over and did! not! spill! Amazing. Great to go service.We dropped in at this place because it was nearby to another place I had to go to in the area. I'd never heard of it and (gasp!) had not looked at the Yelp reviews. We truly just wanted some pho and Kim's delivered! We were asked if we wanted spicy broth, and it was the best decision to go spicy! It had such deep flavors and the spices were so perfect. We ordered some other things that were tasty as well, but the pho stood out as being better than any place we've tried. After researching online, I saw this place was on a Food Network TV show and Emeril noted the pho was on point! So there ya go...First Vietnamese Cuisine for me!  Best Vietnamese Hands Down! 
Would be five stars except for one thing...Jasmine tea.
They don't serve it.
Darn!  
Highly recommend this place!Oh my God.... this is the best pho one can find this side of the Mississippi. Used to think that was Moon Wok (on Dauphine, in the Quarter; still the second best imo. Albeit, not as calorie friendly), but this hidden gem.... holy cow. I ordered the chicken noodle soup. The broth is dark and clear. SO much flavor. The noodles and chicken come with topped with green onion and some crispy things. Then there's the fresh white onion and cilantro in another compartment, and sesame oil infused with the crispy things and red chili in another compartment. Basil, bean sprouts, jalapeno, and lime in a little ziploc. The winning factor is the broth, though. Dear Lord lol I am in flavor heaven rn XOLoved the pho, the rice dishes, and the tofu soup. Portions were pretty big; even I were full after the large pho. The whole family was delighted with the food. Service was great.
Only wish they had kid menu or smaller portion available.Best Asian food in Jefferson/ Harahan area hands down. Wife had the fried rice which was some of the best I have eaten, and I had the Bahn mi which was really good. Finished it off with a bubble tea too. Super friendly staff too. Do yourself a favor and try them out at least once. You won't be sorry.This little Vietnamese restaurant tucked away on Jefferson Highway in Harahan is the best in the GNO area. The best deal in the restaurant is the pork Banh Mi (Vietnamese Poboy) and a cup of wonton soup for $7.99 It far exceeds the other restaurants versions. The Pork is perfectly chargrilled and is a total flavor explosion. The wonton soup is incredible as well! Also recommended are the beef Pho and the chargrilled pork and shrimp vermicelli. If you haven't been here, then make it your next stop for lunch!This little hole in the wall in Harahan is pretty freaking good.
Sure, they don't have the hugely extensive menu of Vietnamese food like Pho Tau Bay, but what they do, they do well.
This is probably the closest (and best) place for Pho near my workplace. Thus, it's convenient for those random Pho cravings. You know you have Pho cravings... we all do.
They do have a small dining room if you feel like dining at Kim Anh's. You can also call ahead and pick up an order for takeout, or just walk in and order. They are amazingly quick for the lunch hour. 
Definitely don't skip out on the veggie rolls. The peanut sauce is appropriately spicy and peanuty, plus if you get takeout, they give you a rather large container of it (yay, leftovers to dip other things in!).Delicious Pho! I had the combo Pho and added $2 worth of shrimp. Total $11.95 with tax. Sooo good. 4 stars because service was ok.This place made their pho just like how most Vietnamese would make at home .a lot of flavor .i wish this place is in the West Bank so I wouldn't have to drive so farThis is one of the top Vietnamese restaurants in the area.  The staff is always attentive, accommodating & friendly.  The food is great, especially the spring rolls and vermicelli (bun), and the portions are so generous you're guaranteed to have left-overs.  By far this is my go-to place when I get a yearning for Vietnamese!Not a hipster place, just fantastic, world class Vietnam cuisine. Bun is perfect. Spring rolls fresh made loaded with shrimp.My favorite lunch spot in the area.  Great food and tremendous value given the monster portions they serve.  I am very partial to the bun with chargrilled pork.  However as winter has closed in, it is hard to beat a steaming bowl of pho.  Amazing and flavorful broth and did I mention the portions are huge.  A regular bowl knocks me out every time - beware before you spring for the large bowl.Delicious food, great service.  Excellent chicken and shrimp vermicelli. Will be back!Had pho here like 4 times.  been wanting to try something else, but the PHO pretty dam good.  i'm from cali and this place matches up to there Pho, if not BETTER.  5 STARSI have always ordered take out, so this review is on the food only. The pho is incredible. There is something special about their broth that no other place can even come close to.  Wonton soup,  chargrilled pork and shrimp   vermicelli, vietnamese chicken salad.... everything is great.  I have heard good things on most of the other dishes, but I can't seem to order anything other than the dishes I listed above.Kim Ahn's has been one of my favorites since they opened in Harahan after Katrina. I've eaten at Pho Tau, Pho Orchid, Namese, 9 Roses, Tan Dinh,  Pho NOLA, and Kim's Restaurant.  Kim Ahn's replaced a series of restaurants that never seemed to last, and they are the only Vietnamese restaurant in Harahan, and, I think, the only one on Jefferson Highway.  I eat there several times a month.  For those not familiar with Vietnamese menus, it seems huge, but the variety is  basically rice noodles-vermicelli (bun), or steamed rice, or pressed rice cakes in combination with beef, pork, chicken or seafood. The soups (fah) are either pork or beef broth with either wheat egg noodles or rice vermicelli and one of the meats.
The atmosphere is bright and clean, the new owners have added more decorations and expanded yet again, this time into the storefront on the left, apparently for groups or parties.  However , they seem to be becoming less consistent and their prices have gone up.  Part of what made this such a great find was the good prices and the consistently good quality of the food.  It's fine to add new items, and I like the expanded menu, but please maintain the quality of the menu that put this place on the map.
I used to love the fresh spring rolls, but the last two times they have been thinner and had fewer ingredients (herbs).  The peanut sauce is still the same, it's a flavorful combination of peanut and other flavors on the sweet side which I like. On the bad side it seems a little runnier than previously.  WARNING TO NEW OWNERS: stop changing what was a winning combination.  You must maintain the quality especially if you  raise the prices and expand or you will lose customers.
My favorite is the pho ga (pronounced "fuh  gah", which is the traditional beef pho  broth with slices of chicken, rice vermicelli, seasoned oil, onions, cilantro, and served with basil, bean sprouts, lime (when it wasn't so expensive) and  jalapeño slices. You can get a large bowl for a little more, but I have a hard time finishing all of the regular size bowl.  To the broth you add hoisan sauce and sriracha sauce to your taste (I like about a teaspoon of each) and as much of the fresh sides as you like.  I haven't noticed a difference in the broth, but The times I've gotten pho in the last month, the quantity of the sides has dropped significantly, to the point that I asked the waitress for more basil, more cilantro, more jalapeño and more sprouts.  This is not good. If they couldn't afford to expand without dropping standards, they should have waited until they were more established.
I used to like the stir fried beef cubes rice plate, which are marinated in a sweet soy sauce marinade, then grilled. The flavor was a delicious combination of sweet, and savory. It came with tomato  and cucumber slices and the wonderful Vietnamese sweet pickle of daikon radish and carrot. You can either pour the accompanying nuoc nam sauce over the meat and rice or dip each bite into it before eating.  I haven't had this under the new owners.
I also used to like the pork chop rice plate which was two thin but large marinated and grilled pork chops served with the same sides as the beef cubes.
My other favorite was the Vietnamese salad served with puffed (fried) shrimp chips. The salad consists of shredded cabbage, lotus root, carrots,  and either shrimp or chicken, in the nuoc nam sauce. It  used to be delicious, but under the new owners, the flavor is not as good and I didn't see any lotus root in it. . Please go back to the old recipe.
On the new menu, the won ton soup is delicious. It is like no other I've had. The broth is rich and the won tons  well flavored, plentiful, and plump.  There are more ingredients in the soup than traditional Chinese won ton soup.  I find the small bowl and spring rolls to be a good meal.  I couldn't finish the large bowl of won ton soup.
Banh mi are  the other addition on the new menu that I've tried. I'm spoiled by the Banh mi from Hong Kong market which I think are the most delicious ( and hard to beat at $3) here they are just po-boys without the flavor filled richness of those from HK Market.
I'm giving Kim Ahn's 4 stars because I think it's above average, but the original owners would have gotten 5.I love eating here. They service go food with a good environment. First time sitting and eat. Still was good..We were going bowling at Colonial Bowling Center in Harahan and decided to grab some Vietnamese food for dinner beforehand across the street.  We didn't eat pho and normally I'd say we'd go back and try it next time, but based on our experience I don't think there will be a next time...
THE GOOD
Nope.
THE BAD
Bun Tom Thit Nuong (Cold Vermicelli Noodle with Grilled Shrimp and Grilled Pork):  So many things wrong with this dish.  
     *At first glance the noodles didn't even look like vermicelli noodles, as they were much thicker and soggier in consistency.  After indignantly looking online to see what they swapped out their vermicelli with, I've come to realize that what they gave me was probably vermicelli, but just not prepared in traditional "bun" way which completely threw me off.  The soggy noodles before pouring on the fish sauce?  Completely off-putting.  And I still don't know why the noodles were so thick, especially since the vermicelli in the spring rolls were correct in size and consistency.
     *The shrimps that came in the goi cuon and in Lum's dish were large and hearty, so why were the shrimp that came with mine half the size?  And how are you only giving me five shrimp?
     *Not nearly enough grilled pork, and what they served me was overcooked to the point of being way too chewy.  It wasn't like the cook had to attend to multiple orders and got sidetracked, since there was only one other table in the restaurant being served.  Unacceptable.
     *Serving bun on a plate?  What gives?  I'm not eating spaghetti with a fork here.  This was most perplexing of all.
Service:  Normally at Asian places I pretty much ignore service b/c as I've said before, servers who come from overseas have no true concept of American service etiquette  In that vein, you pretty much have to be quite bad to merit a mention.  Unfortunately, our server was pretty displeasing.  This girl DID NOT want to be there.  Coming and going with a huff every time, being incredibly impatient, plopping plates down instead of taking the extra half second to set them down.  Not happy.
PURGATORY
Goi Cuon Tom (Vietnamese Spring Roll with Shrimp):  I'm usually the first person to say no to vegetables and bring on the meat, but they went a little overboard with how they prepared their goi cuon.  A generous portion of 4 medium-sized shrimp came in each roll, but aside from the shrimp the only other ingredients were vermicelli noodles (the correct ones, btw) and some basil leaves.  I want my other herbs and veggies in there too.  The peanut sauce wasn't too great either, as it was a little bland and watery for my tastes.
OVERALL
I don't like judging places on the merits of one dish, but they screwed up their Bun so badly that it's hard to justify ever going back to try something else.  Plus I don't want to have to deal with that server again, whom I'm sure works many, many shifts at Kim Anh's.Great food at a great price. Staff is nice and service is fast.  When I'm in the mood for soup, I get the Combination Pho.    Another favorite dish is Grilled Pork Vermicelli.  They are not open on weekends so make sure you go during the week!FRESH ingredients and delicious food!
On my favorite restaurant list.  Don't judge a book by it's cover - even with the new tables, the restaurant is still fairly plain looking.  The service is so-so - they try but can't always handle the big crowd. But I love the food.  Try the pork with vermicelli or beef cubes.  I love the tofu with rice noodle soup - my friends often order the chicken with egg noodles or the . The stir fry with noodles is also delicious.
Off-lunch hours are best - even with the renovation adding space, it is still difficult to get a seat between 11:45-1.  They usually have seating in the evenings.Try the wonton soup. The broth has an extremely complex flavor and the small size is huge. I disagree completely about the service. I almost always pick up, but the counter staff (also the wait staff) is always chatty and nice. One of my favorite restaurants!This place is more evidence that you do not have to travel into Orleans Parish or the west bank to find super lative Vietnamese food. This is classic, homestyle prepared Vietnamese dishes no frills no flare, no filet mignon pho, just he purity of the cuisineDelicious! Hubby took me here for lunch For some Pho. Noodles were perfect however the dish could have used a bit more meat for the price. Enjoy their spring rolls and peanut sauce. 
They were doing construction in the room next door to enlarge the store. Even with the work the atmosphere was nice.I am completely shocked by all the low ratings Kim Ahn's has received.
I had only had PHO once before Kim's and it was a horrible $8 bowl of instant Ramen noodles, or at least that's what it taste like. When I first arrived at Kim's nothing visually prepared me for what I was about to experience. The decor was nothing special, but the dining area's cleanliness made up for it. After being seated, I was promptly greeted by my waitress. The waitress wasn't overly friendly but she was very attentive to every one of my needs(drink refills, my hand waving in the air for napkins, etc) I would probably describe her as strictly business, which is what I prefer anyway.
I ordered the PHO with brisket.
The minute the server put my bowl of PHO before me, I knew just by the scent alone that this was going to be flipping amazing. The aroma from the herbs in the broth cannot be described, it must be personally experienced. Especially the aroma from the Star Anise. This delectable herb has the most distinctly delicious flavor and aroma. It is a 'STAR' ingredient in authentic PHO. You can't make gumbo without roux, you shouldn't make PHO without Star Anise. This is what gives Kim's PHO such a distinctive flavor. I've had good/great PHO since my first experience, but I've never had PHO like Kim Anh's. 
The PHO at Kim's is truly one of the best things I have ever had!!
I have had several other dishes from Kim's that were also very fresh and tasty, but you've got to try the PHO, man!! 
And as far as the " new management" goes. The owner is almost always there. I have had many conversations with her. I also had the pleasure of meeting her brother. Friendly people with tons of great stories to share!! I highly recommend you visit Kim's!!! Don't miss out!
BTW!! They have recently expanded their dining area!!The best Vietnamese in the area, no question. I tried it today and the pho is so good I'm actually sad that I already ate it all because I want more. Super flavorful, good service and I'll definitely be back again soon!Time to find a new noodle shop. The Quality of the restaurant continues to go down. The pho flavor has changed for the worst. There are no herbs in the spring rolls any more. Even if I ask that mine be made with herbs they put one basil leaf in them.  The Vietnamese salad is no longer as flavorful, and twice, the shrimp chips served with it, were stale.  The grilled pork chop was burnt. Numerous co workers used to come here weekly, but now go to the new Pho Orchid Express on Airline.  It's a shame but I don't blame them.Great food at a great price but the service itself is not impressive. They took forever to come to the table, bring drinks, check etc. The staff just seemed like they had better things to do than wait on us. I would give the food 5 stars and the service maybe 3.Great food with excellent service! Very fortunate to have such a wonderful restaurant so close to home. Great family business.This is the first place I ever had Vietnamese food, several years ago as a teenager. Little did I know this is actually the home of the BEST pho in the area! (This is the only thing I've ever eaten there.) The broth is just so flavorful!Heard about the spot then saw it on Top Chef, so i checked it out the next day. Beef Pho broth tops all I've tried in NOLA. It's a hike to get there, but definitely worth it. 
Also tried the Chicken Bun Ga Nuong and the sight of it wasn't appetizing initially, but the taste surpassed that quickly. 
Oh, I asked for Bubble tea, and the lady told me they didn't sell it and then she said something else that I didn't really understand. I felt like she just wanted me to get out so they could close, or she got tired of me asking for water...who knows. 
Regardless, I'm going back soon to bother her for more of that Beef broth. Mmmhmm.
.This restaurant has continued to decline. They don't seem to care about the customer any more. Since adding the extension on they seem to be short of money because the portions have decreased, the formerly good recipes have changed to be less flavorful, they are trying to sell grocery items and they have reduced their hours so now close at 7pm instead of 8.
The phó broth is not as good as it was previous to the change in ownership. The vietnamese salad no longer has lotus root in it, the shrimp chips are consistently stale, and the recipe for the dressing is not as flavorful as it once was. They give a tiny plate with a couple of fingers of sprouts, a couple of basil leaves, and the last few times even that quantity has decreased.
I used to get phó for take away and the last few times they decreased the size of the broth container and now only fill it 2/3 full, and the prices go up every time they reprint the menu. I also used to like the fresh spring rolls, but they have now decreased the size, both in length and diameter, put extremely thin slices of shrimp in them (one shrimp sliced in 4? Pieces maybe?, and are mostly noodle, no cucumber or carrot and maybe a fragment of lettuce. The peanut sauce is watered down compared to what it was even a few months ago. 
The grilled pork chop is now sliced even thinner than the last time and was tough.
I used to come here two or three times a week. The last time I was going to order for take out was on Christmas Eve. I called when they opened that morning to see if they were going to close early and was told yes, at 3pm. I called at 2:30 to place a large order and was told they closed at 3. I said I'd be by before 3 to pick up the order and she said they closed early. This caused me a huge inconvenience since i then had to scramble to make other arrangements and take extra time to go get food elsewhere.  This is not a way to take care of customers and I will not go back. I'm really sorry because it was so convenient, but I will now go out of my way to avoid this place.It's not on the menu but order a "beef" poboy & the egg drop soup is amazing.. I have tried many things on menu & everything has been excellent to say the least.I've been a fan of Kim Anh's since they opened him Harahan. I ate there today for the first time in a while. The Pho was terrible. It didn't have the distinctive Pho smell and flavor. It just tasted like beef stock and it was actually a little greasy. When the server brought it to me she gave me a small plate with bean sprouts, a slice of lime, 2-3 slices of jalapeño and ONE basil leaf. I'm not exaggerating. I didn't recognize any of the wait staff or management so I am assuming it is under new ownership. The spring rolls were great and the service was good but the Pho was terrible. I probably won't be going back unless I hear that things have changed.I love Kim Ahn's! It's probably my favorite spot for pho. I love love love the wonton soup. Its very different from any other wonton soup I have had and it is packed with flavor. My tongue does a little happy dance with each mouthful. I often go there and make a meal out of that and an order of the spring rolls. The pho goes without saying, its very good and the broth is so flavorful. 
The best part about Kim Ahn's is I can get a good meal that is healthy and not expensive. I usually eat inside, but I think a big part of their business is take out because the door is constantly opening with people flying in to pick up their order.I had been meaning to try this joint for many years but it never worked out over many attempts in the past but I finally forced the hand of fate to comply with my need to sample their food.  I was sorely tempted to try some of their goat dishes but instead I went with sampling their chicken pho and their example certainly passed the test with flying colors being very flavorful and satisfying.  It is an inconvenient drive from my work or home to get here so it will take some planning and luck for my next visit but I do plan on some goat here soon.Got this to go once and the pho was decent but they over fried the spring rolls, which also seemed smaller than other places.Hands down the best Pho I have ever had!!! Usually broths need flavoring. Not this one. Insanely flavorful and seriously delicious. I hate that I've just found this place. Hidden gem!!!Dinner is served. Combination Pho with shrimp, beef, chicken.  Fresh basil and herbs. My weekly fix is complete.The food is Excellent!  I have been to this home styled restaurant several times. The pho is terrific!  The spring rolls(all of them) yummy. I have tried most everything on the menu. The Thai tea is a must! Great prices too! It is a very busy restaurant! Just have to wait on the goodness but worth the wait!I am really not one to like Vietnamese. See I hate cilantro. HATE it! But Kim Anh's rises above that with some of the freshest and tastiest dishes in the city.  Now i will tell you about some of them. Gather round children; So the char-grilled pork and shrimp spring rolls are the best way to start. They are light and tasty and come with the best peanut sauce around. Seriously, I usually have to hide the sauce on the table so that when the wait staff comes to clear the empty plate , they don't take it out of my sight.  The stand out for this place is the soups and the Pho.  The pork broth Pho (I know it is not called Pho if it is not Beef broth, but I can't think of what the pork one is called, so get in line and sue me) is especially note worthy as it has very fresh and authentic spices, fresh pork/chicken/ and egg noodle.  The Won ton soup is one of the most unique ones of its kind I have tasted. It is very spicy with small protein filled wontons accompanying chicken and pork slices.  Extremely good! And best of all you can order these soups WITHOUT cilantro- THANK YOU!. 
Anything with their char-grilled pork is a winner. Their fried rice is surprising robust and yet simple and if you want to get the best food for your money in the entire metro area, I recommend the Poboy/soup combo. It is 8 dollars and includes a very large sandwich made with Vietnamese bread (there is a difference- in a good way), mounds of the chargrilled pork, and pickled veggies on top. It is excellent! i usually get that with a side of wonton soup. Oh, and this is when I pull out that peanut sauce I saved from earlier. That's right I pour in on my sandwich for an extra flavor boost...because why not? Try it! You will thank me later. 
The Good:
Amazing Soups
Terrific and fresh food for a very inexpensive price
Nice wait staff
The Bad:
Ok ok so this may be my fault, but it is really hard to pick out something based on their menu. It is hard to read for a Vietnamese food eating newb like myself. I never know what I ordered and I am sometimes afraid to try something new. Although it has worked out so far. I always see someone's dish when I am leaving and I am thinking "What is that! That looks great!" But I have no idea what it is for next time :(
The Ugly:
Beware fellow cilantro haters! This place has it , and a lot of it! make sure you tell them you don't like it! (for you cilantro lovers (sinners) you can move this fact to the "good" sectionStopped by to give them another chance. Ordered the grilled pork and rice plate. What came out about 2 minutes later appeared to be boiled, flavorless meat. The vegetable sides (tomato and cucumber) on the plate expired long before they were placed on my plate, or they were re-used. The rice wasn't too stale, so I made the most of that.I've been eating here for about 4 years, and their food is consistently delicious.  Portions are big, prices are low, and they do a great lunch.  It's not much to look at from the outside, but inside it's a great little place.We have eaten at Kim Ahn's many times, usually love the place. Last night service was the worst. We both ordered small soups. My husband received his first, was almost done before mine arrived. This was with the waitress asking twice if I had gotten mine yet. When it did arrive, I had taken one taste when the waitress brought two entree plates to the table which were not what we had ordered. Those were returned and almost immediately my dinner was brought out. Waitress asked what husband had ordered and left. She must have passed three or four times and commented on checking on his food. We ate my dinner and he still never received his food. After my empty plate was taken away, the waitress came by and asked how everything was and if we were ready for the check and we told her my husband had never received his food. Hello! How did she miss that one! She did bring it out then and it was  so cold as if it had been sitting somewhere all that time. Needless to say, he got it to go, went home and nuked it! We did notice that other tables were having some of the same issues, on a Friday night they need more than one waitress and more attention was being given to the go orders than to the dine in customers. We will go back, but not on a Friday night again!This place is amazing.  Great service, great prices, and great food.
My favorite is the rotisserie chicken, but i've been happy with every dish I have ordered.  The flavor and quality is on point. 
A must have when in Harahan.So this place is the epitome of a whole in the wall and that is evident if you go around noon. If you want to sit comfortably get there early as the place is a bit on the small side. With that said, they have an outstanding pho menu. Everything tastes fresh and the broth flavors are amazing. I have ordered a number of items and I have yet to be disappointed. The prices are great, the portions are large and the service is quick. I would highly recommend trying this place if you are in the Harahan area.