After hearing some good things about Koz's from some friends and family my girlfriend and I decided to venture on over to Lakeview and check them out. 
The first thing I noticed was the politeness of the staff. Even though Koz's is your typical po-boy and hot plate lunch/dinner menu it's always nice when your a first timer to be walked through it and have some of the more popular customer selections pointed out to you. Everything looked and sounded delicious and I was really intrigued by the ability to order a po-boy in either 8", 12", whole loaf, or 4" toast (really like the idea of whole loaf for game day parties next Saints season). The salad selections on the menu are enough in my opinion to satisfy light eaters and vegetarians alike and the hot plate lunches and dinners include red beans and rice all the way down to seafood plates. Koz's also a decent amount of side items and daily specials to choose from. 
After a few minutes of looking things over my girlfriend and I decided to bypass the po-boys this time around and each order a seafood plate that comes with two sides. I went with the fried oyster plate with the vegetable of the day (green beans) and a side salad and she went with the fried shrimp plate with baked macaroni and onion rings. Everything came out hot and fresh and in a timely manner. The oysters and shrimp were a very nice size and my girlfriend said that the baked macaroni was killer (which was obvious since it was gone in no time from her plate). 
All in all when you consider the quality of the food and service we received and the affordability of our meal I would say that our first trip to Koz's was a success. We will definitely be coming back to have lunch or dinner and try out one of the po-boys on the menu.Came back to this place three years after my first review and my experience was worse that my 1 star first review. I was hungry for a poboy and the tourist trap that is Parkway was too packed so I stopped here on my way to UNO and ordered a ham and cheese poboy. The bread is terrible. Its more of a bun or a hoagie roll that would see outside of New Orleans. The worst part of it all was that I was in the middle of eating my sandwich when I got up to get a refill of my drink and before I got back to my table they threw my food away. I got that look being an African American walking into an all white establishment that made me uncomfortable, throwing my food away before I was finished eating justified my discomfort. I will never step foot in this place again.This place has been "uping" their game. They're recently made some improvements on the interior and the place seems cleaner and more comfortable. They've also hired some new staff that are much more friendly and helpful. On recent trips to this place I've ordered red beans, an oyster po-boy, and a hamburger on french and all of the dishes were made very well and served hot. Another nice new item is their onion rings which I've ordered each time and come hot and fresh. You get a good portion too, even with the small size. Overall things are definitely getting better, and I will keep going there and trying different items from their varied menu.Great menu! One of the better RBPB in the city! Love this place! Friendly atmosphere and everyone is "baby." Just like it should be!Affordable, Fresh, Friendly service that caters to all types! Dropped by after they donated sandwiches to our neighborhood civic meeting and my 5 year old inhaled 3 mini poboys. This says A LOT since she is the pickiest eater ever. Since then it is our Family night out dinner spot. The yummiest homemade onion rings ever! We do to go as well and it is always great. 
Wonderful addition to our neighborhood. Glad they arrived!This restaurant is a New Orleans tradition. It's original location was wiped away with Hurricane Katrina, but no worries, they are open again in Lakeview. I think that they have one of the best shrimp poboys in the city. The prices are reasonable and the food is plentiful and always fresh. I love how you just walk up to the register and order, which is quick, especially if you just want to grab a quick sandwich. My family has ordered their, "whole loaf" poboy before for parties and they are always a huge hit. For whatever it's worth, they also have great red beans on Mondays and a great gumbo! The experience is always consistently good. Can't wait to go back.I ate here Friday 6/1/12 for lunch as I was passing through.  I had the BBQ ham Po-boy and an order of fries.  The ham was cubed or chunked instead of deli-sliced like I was expecting but it was still pretty good.  The fries were fried perfectly with Tony's seasoning instead of salt which was a nice touch.  I'm pretty sure they were frozen but still decent.  The place is much bigger than it appears from the outside.  Overall it was pretty good and seemed to have your usually list of Po-boys.I admit that I am biased because I live in the Lakeview area, but I am a big fan of Koz's.  They have a large selection of Poboys including a mouth watering Fried Oyster Poboy.  They are not shy on comfort food, serving a mountain of chili cheese fries and chilled root beer to wash it down.
My only suggestion would be to update their dining area and furniture to add to the ambiance, but their staff is as friendly as they come.Kind of blown away by how dirty the place is. Not just something a sweep and some dusting can fix. This is some long term neglect. I can't imagine how bad the kitchen is. Quality of the food is in a nose dive as well. It's a far cry from what it used to be. Too bad.Excellent place for a quick bite, or a sit down and relax meal. What ever choice you make, I guarantee it to be "Naturally N'awlins"!The last two times I went to Koz I ordered an oyster sandwich and the oysters were soggy, not crispy, and undercookedI have to say, I was a little disappointed in my meal at Koz's today. I ordered the fried chicken, and it was good. Very fresh and well-fried. However, the fries that were sent out with my meal were cold, so I told the server, and they replaced within ten minutes. When my plate came back with the hot fries, I looked at my cole slaw, and it was discolored--on the verge of being brown, and it tasted not so fresh. I didn't want to seem picky and demanding, so I let it go and just didn't eat it. I know that if my middle-aged eyes saw the discoloration, someone in the kitchen had to see it, too. Koz is still there, still as friendly as ever. I just wish someone in the kitchen was paying closer attention. I have been eating at Koz's since it was the Bakery on Franklin Ave back in my UNO days. It will be quite a while before I return. I wish I had the option to give Koz's 2 1/2 stars instead of 2, but Yelp would not give me that option. And I just can't justify 3 stars after today's meal. Sorry, Koz.Great lunch spot. The sandwiches and hot plates are delicious. Any weekday during lunch hour, there's a crowd. That's a good sign.This was our first experience and ours was a takeout order of Po-Boys and cheese fries so this addresses only the food and order preparation time. The place was very busy but my opinion is they react quickly to all orders. Considering 6 sandwiches with a few sides, I have no problem. 
The shrimp and oyster (separately) Po-Boys were very good. Great bread and ample amounts of their filling. Nice and juicy with lots of deep fried flavor. 
I really liked the cheese fries. Thin cut potatoes  covered with an ample amount of cheese. I believe the fries would have been more crispy had we have eaten at Koz but the drive home always seems to soften the fries due to the moisture trapped by the packaging. It is what it is. 
The one cause for a frown was the roast beef Po-Boy. The ample meat was dry and needed a wee dose of salt and pepper to pick up the flavor a bit. Texture was good, the bread was tasty, and the sauce was fine. But the meat needed some help.
I will be back to sample more of their wares as I like their close proximity to our home in Lakeview.Gendusa French bread for my po-boy....yum!!! Pork Chops and baked mac on point...Sophie having her usual chicken tenders and fries....fast, friendly serviceThe french bread that is used at koz's is more of a hogie roll than real french bread. The shrimp on the sandwich tastes good but you may only get like 6 on a sandwich. So if you don't want to pay $13 for bread and lettuce, do not go there. This is truly subpar food for a New Orleans poboy shop.My husband and I ordered plates to go here tonight. I got the stuffed crab plate with potato salad and onion rings and my husband got the chicken tenders plate with fries and baked macaroni. Both plates came with toasted french bread and butter.  Every thing was phenomenal.  We both thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered.  I honestly have NOT 1 complaint.  We will be returning. 
Great food and great fast friendly service!!We called in our order and it was ready within 15min. Service was great. The Chamber of Horrors sandwich just wasn't the same as in the old place. Did not have cheese and was cold. The Mac n cheese and chicken tenders were bland. Debris fries were the best thing we got but cheese was scarce and low quality.My neighborhood go-to for po-boys. Ask them to lightly toast the po-bread if you want it to be crispy rather than stretchy. Nice people own it.Just went there to pick up food for dinner. We ordered there in person not on the phone or online. We ordered red beans and rice, a roast beef sandwich, a salad and fries. We get home there is no red beans and rice. We call because it's now 8:55 and they are about to close. The woman on the phone says, "oh, we only serve red beans on Monday. I didn't charge you".  WHAT? #1 it's a regular item listed on the menu, no where does it say it's just a Monday item #2 THE INFURIATING PART. Not once did she say, "oh we don't have that today" She just chose to NOT give it to us. WTF. Now it's after 9pm, most restaurants are now closed in the area and I have no dinner. NONE and I'm stuck. Now I have NO food options in the neighborhood. 
 I'm extremely angry at this HORRIBLE customer service.
** Update... just decided to grill some chicken at home and eat it with the ordered Ceasar salad, since I had no other dinner. THEY JUST GAVE ME LETTUCE. NO DRESSING, NO CHEESE, NO CROUTONS. I JUST PAID $7 for a styrofoam take out box of wilted lettuce. Obviously, we were the last customers of the night they just did not care about.Fresh, awesome, reasonable prices, and sized for all appetites.
The only downside-y thing? I really really really want Leidenheimer's bread. I know, I know, it's not for everyone. 
But on all the important stuff: Awesome. Louisiana oysters & shrimp. Fresh. Fried (but not too fried). Falling out of the po-boy. Great iced tea. Flavourful, Awesome. I'm glad that Koz is here, and that that stimulus money is flowing so there are plenty of guys with big appetites fixing Fleur de Lis and stopping by for lunch.Having just moved to New Orleans from California, we try to patronize local establishments.  Living in Lakeview, we decided to try Koz's on Harrison Ave.  I ordered the fried shrimp po-boy and my wife the grilled Catfish po-boy with a side of onion rings.  We ordered takeout so can't comment on the service.  The po-boys were very good.  The fried shrimp were plentiful and fresh.  The batter was light, clean, well-seasoned and not oily.  The dressing was fresh.  The catfish was also excellent with a generous filet that was well seasoned and flavorful.  The only "knock" was that  the bread, while fresh, was not your typical New Orleans french bread, but was a little heavier like you might find outside of New Orleans.   The onion rings were fresh, not frozen with a light, clean batter and well seasoned.  Glad that we ordered the small portion as it was generous enough for both of us.  All in all, a good, neighborhood restaurant that serves a decent po-boy.I like the grilled shrimp and their hot sausage pop boys. Wasn't a fan of the peach cobbler or BBQ beef po boy.I never put a review out but this place needs some help . No one smiles , They don't greet you and floor was sticky and the bathroom was one of the worst I have seen . Fries were good thoughKoz's Lakeview is dead. LONG LIVE KOZ'S LAKEVIEW! =o(
At least we still have Koz's in Harahan. =o)My new place for poboys in Lakeview. The staff of locals are amazingly friendly and made for a better experience. Their delicious, thin, crispy, crunchy onion rings are a big enough side to share with the table and worth every penny. The menu is quite large for the family restaurant vibe that they give off. There is online ordering which is convenient, but I don't know that my order wasn't done when I walked in. A great place to grab a poboy in a relaxed local environment. One of your best bets for lunch in Lakeview.Went here today for lunch and it was not good at all. Place was empty on a Saturday afternoon. Ordered the shrimp plate with fries and salad. Shrimp AND fries were both cold, like they had been laying around for hours. Side salad was fine. For $16+ you would expect hot, freshly cooked food. Staff walking around like zombies with looks on their faces like they would rather be anywhere, and I mean anywhere, else. Tables uncleared and floor sticky. I live nearby this place and will go back, but I wish they were a little more consistent.Slowest restaurant on earth.  Half an hour for a Club Sandwich to go!Subsequent visits to this place have gone better. For example, they are serving their red and white beans in a bowl now, so you get a much better portion. People are polite and food has been better overall.We placed an order online for a shrimp po boy and an oyster plate with potato salad and fries.  Twenty minutes later while my boyfriend was on the way to pick up the food Koz's called his cell. He assumed it was to tell him that the order was ready, So he did not answer. When he got there a moment after the call, he was told they were out of oysters. So, he had to wait for another shrimp po boy to be made. Shrimp po-boys were average at best. The fries were tasteless. However, the real problem was the potato salad. It was the equivalent of cold, instant mashed potatoes, but with huge chucks of undercooked real potatoes. I had to mash them up and mask the awful taste with Tonys. This meal was a waste of $30.00. Never again.Koz's is a big hit in Lakeview, especially for lunch.  This place was packed when I walked in to make a to go order.  You order at the counter and then take a seat.  I was happy to find that they have a 4" poboy for those wanting the experience but not the commitment of an 8"er.  They have daily specials, Friday was shrimp creole so I opted for the 4" shrimp poboy and a side of mac and cheese.  They have a nice bench outside to sit on while one waits for their to go order.  
The shrimp poboy was delicious and what you expect from one, dressed with lettuce, tomato and mayo and perfectly fried shrimp.  Unfortunately, the mac and cheese was bland and tasteless.Very pleasant. I had a fried ham Po-Boy, and it was good, but really needed a lot more ham on it. The bread was fantastic. We ordered cheese fries and they were good, but seemed like they had very little cheese on them. We also ordered potato salad. It was good, but very generic. It was a great base to build off if you wanted to make it distinctive with some bacon or Creole seasoning. I would go back, but not my favorite place.I love Koz's. They have great poboys. I always get the half shrimp half oyster. I also like how they don't toast the bread; it makes a thick poboy easier to bite into. Yummm! Prices are normal for a great poboy, in my opinion.had a delicious smoked sausage.  fries are good if you like skinny ones, but seafood bisque was fabulous!!Best Po Boys. Great for catering, got finger Po boys for a Christmas party they were a huge hit! Parking here is difficult but it's well worth the short walk. Very family oriented and it's my daughters fav Mac & cheese. My fav for Po Boy.Last night we walked right in and ordered. The food took no time at all to come to our table! The burgers were delicious. They were served on French bread. The bread was fresh. The fries were cooked perfectly. Very crispy. The service was very good last night. The lady who took our order was very friendly and helpful. The restaurant had a good crowd. Mostly families. My nephews love their claw machine and Mrs. PAC-man game.Hate to do so because in the past we've eaten here in the past many many times. Two times ago, I called for roast beef and they said they were out of roast beef. The last two experiences were just awful. Both times we had roast beef poboys. Both times they were tough. Today the beef was so tough it was inedible. We had to throw them away. The cook is either over cooking or they are using cheap beef. Sadly doesn't look like we will be back.I stop by Koz Lakeview for take out every week or two.  There is a large selection and the po-boys are mostly standard New Orleans fare but they do have a few unique items like the grilled shrimp poboy. They are cooked and seasoned to perfection and the portions are very good and the pricing is inline with other shops. The staff is VERY friendly and the place looks clean. 
My favorite is the grilled shrimp po-boy; it's exceptional. I didn't like their chili cheese fries because it had beans in the chili and I hate beans! There is no warning that it's actually chili, cheese and BEAN fries. The onion rings are the stringy kind and I prefer thick onion rings. So I avoid the sides and just get a bigger po-boy.Clearly a neighborhood favorite. Always forget main parts of my orders. Chicken cuts that creeped me out.
Great response from business owner! Recently tried again on take out and were very pleased!I really like Koz, he's a genuine foodie, and I'm glad he was able to begin anew in Lakeview after being Katrina-flooded in his long-time location in Gentilly. A simple, honest mom 'n pop place just right for a po-boy lunch with friends or a hearty hassle-free family dinner. I call ahead and order whole loaves of oyster and shrimp po-boys for big gatherings at home and everyone is always impressed.I would like this place to succeed, but it's so hit or miss it's not funny. I order a "Fried Ham Poboy" with Swiss cheese. When I get to my table I see that the swiss cheese is not on the receipt, so I go up to the front to make sure they have it on my order. No one is at the counter and after five minutes I start to call out. Finally when someone comes out I explain the missing cheese on my order thinking it will be easy to add to my sandwich since I just ordered. The girl looks at me like I'm crazy, goes back in kitchen, and comes back with some slices of swiss cheese wrapped in wax paper. I try to explain that I would like the cheese melted on my FRIED ham sandwich and again I get the look like I'm crazy. She goes back in kitchen and the guy presumably in charge comes back out with the cheese slices. I try again to explain that I would like the cheese melted on the sandwich and yet again I get the look like I'm an alien. Finally my sandwich comes out. The bread while fresh is cold, the ham is room temperature, and my cheese is laid across the ham and not melted at all. After paying $15 and change for a ham poboy, chips and a drink (including a $2.40 tip) I expect better. What I really expect is a sandwich shop to know how to put together a grilled ham and swiss poboy.My favorite place in Lakeview to get a Po-Boy! Always friendly service and my food is always fresh. I can tell because I always have to wait a while before I can start eating! Delicious. Cannot wait to go backFirst time going, last time!!!
$14.50 for grilled shrimp, PEAS N CARROTS, haven't had that since grammar school and salad out of a bag!!!
The whole meal was so cheap and not cheap in price, you could go to almost any restaurant for $14.50 and get a very good filling lunch actually even dinner!!!
$37 for 2 people for lunch, soda n tax, left a bad taste in my mouth!Koz's is a neighborhood Gem! It keeps Lakeview from totally becoming a land of McMansions. I love to get their fried shrimp Po-Boy and double up on sides. We always grab the onion straws and chili cheese fries. They also do a great BBQ beef and Roast need and gravy. Koz's is just a great old school Po boy shop. Glad they came to Lakeview after years in Gentily.We just moved to Lakeview. My fiancé picked up take out.  There was no line. He walked right in and paid for our food. Service was great. I had the gumbo. A little salty but very tasty. I also had the club sandwich. It was delicious. It came with honey mustard sauce. My fiancé had the caesar wrap with chicken.  The Caesar dressing was good. He also had a side of Mac and cheese.  The noodles were big which we both like. It was a white cheese. Very good! We will be back.Stopped by Koz to pick up lunch for Joey and I... Debris Fries are super tasty. Grilled shrimp op boy for me and hamburger for Joey. Quick service. Delicious food.Love the seafood and sandwiches. Friendly people. Need to clean the place! Everything on the table is sticky, clogged, nasty. It's not just from that day. Clean it so I don't stop coming to eat.Just got finished whole loafin'!  What's whole loafin', you ask? Well it is where me and 3 friends sit down and share one whole loaf of french bread covered in golden fried shrimp dressed: mayo, fresh lettuce, and juicy tomatoes ( I added pickles).   Sweet and crispy house-made onion rings with an ice cold Barq's (bottle of course) were the perfect compliment to this sandwich longer than a SMART car.  
You can whole loaf any po-boy roast beef, ham & cheese, oyster...you name it.  Koz's...Home of the Whole Loaf and whole lotta flavor!I used to come to this building back in the 1980's when it was a Jewish deli.Although the place has changed hands numerous times, its location and structure makes it a likely spot to always be a casual restaurant catering to the locals. Black and white, cops, politicians, salesmen, business owners, Koz's promises and delivers.
It's a little funky,so be ready for casual atmosphere, from parking, decor, tables, and rest rooms. This is the kind of place that Vic from "Vic & Natly's" would own, for those who know Bunny Matthews' cartoons.Food is good, but the place is dirty.  Took the grand daughter for lunch and had to wipe the high chair off with many napkins full of grim.  The floor is terrible, the tables are sticky, the walls are very worn I can only imagine what the kitchen is like.  I'll return when they clean the place.Good sandwiches! I went in the first time when they opened in Lakeview, maybe a year ago because I was told they had the best shrimp po-boy in town. Good, but not the best, (best @ R&O's with Parkway Bakery a close second). Since then, I have also tried the hot sausage, meatball, ham & Swiss, & catfish po-boys. All were good. The red beans & rice plate also the country fried steak dinner were very good. Best tip would be the 'whole loaf' po-boy when you have a party. It is a whole loaf of good New Orleans french bread. Nice folks, Place smells a bit like fried food. More on where to get the best hot sausage and meatball po-boys in NOLA area.good food but a little pricey but hey youre in lakeview what do you expect?losin all kinda stars here for a few reasons.
lets start with some positive commentary first
the best part of this place was the young woman who took my TO GO order at the counter.   she was lovely.   simply lovely.  made me feel at home, and she knew what she was doing.
gendusa bread!    yay  I get to try gendusa...
now lets talk about why I wasn't happy.
a short dark haired woman in a baseball cap came out and interrupted my ordering with the front counter.    mid sentence she started bullying the cashier.  something about "I made this sandwich, where is the customer".    the cashier was really polite and asked her what table was on the ticket.    She was still angry and filled with angst.    the cashier suggested that maybe the gentleman went to the restroom.  the lady still stood there like there was supposed to be an answer for her impatience.     I wanted to open my mouth and say  WOW  you think the guy ordered, paid and left?    What is this lady on?   meth?    seems impatient, angry and cranky.
then I started my order again.  I ordered a shrimp poboy to go, with onion rings and a side of tartar.     I went and sat down.   I noticed that theres some drama between the kitchen and the front.    
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152279208051428&set=a.10151097460991428.431179.703081427&type=1&theater
my order then came out and a nice gentleman handed it to me.   I went to the car, and my husband and I decided to get into the onion rings immediately.    I realized there was no tartar that I ordered, and no napkins.    so I went back inside and got both, and came back out to munch.    usually you can pick out a ring or two and munch, but this was nothing more than a congealed greasy mess of stringy onions.    super stringy.   we were going to get into the sandwich when we realized that it wasn't dressed either.   this was a DRESS IT YOURSELF situation.
nothing to spread the mayo with.   wow.   so I got no napkins no utensils.     So we came home and opened up the sandwich and dressed it with what we were given.   there were no pickles either.   
I think your kitchen witch has issues.   she isn't paying attention.   I could see her in the kitchen and she looked hella angry.   she pretty much ruined my experience.    the first impression is the most important.     so is the last.   had I been on a construction krewe and opened that?  I would be mad.    I didn't dare open it in the car since it would've gone everywhere.   DRESSED MEANS DRESSED.   not throw all this in containers and you do it yourself.  I can do that at home.   by the time we got there, the bread was chewy, and lackluster.
not the experience I was expecting at all.    I feel for the cashier.    however do yourselves a favor.   that kitchen witch?   she isn't doin anyone any favors.   rushing round, not reading tickets, and attitude galore.   maybe she doesn't like your counter girl.    I kinda felt that animosity in her.   
either way, when I came back to get my napkins and my tartar, I thanked your best asset, the cashier, and told her to have a blessed day.
next time I think of coming here?  I will skip it.   Zimmers is down the street and their 12 inch poboys are twice the size of these, and they are also overstuffed and come dressed with utensils and napkins.  they even throw in a free dessert.  no attitude,     and their onion rings are worth every penny.   they also know what dressed means.     they put pickles on theirs.    
boy was I disappointed.
I wish y'all the best.
but seriously, get rid of the dark haired kitchen witch.First visit but definitely won't be the last.  Fast moving line, friendly service, and awesome food.  The portions were larger than average.  Pretty impressive to see the manager walking around the dining room asking if everything was okay.  The manager also mentioned their new location in Metairie.  Guess that's another place we'll have to try.Great food. Quality bread, seafood and other ingredients. Not a long wait and just good stuff. A little pricey but worth it!Love this place.  Food is delicious.  The service is prompt and the staff is always friendly.  Eat there when you're out by the Lakefront.  Can't go wrong.Don't waste your time or money, service was terrible albeit was a register, and "dressed" actually does mean something on a poboy. It doesn't mean lettuce and meat, that is a lunch sandwich that I can make for 3 bucks, hardly worth 8.78, but at least your got the bread right....perhaps you can add tomatoes or pickles into the sandwich for under $10....I'll stick with anywhere else...Soft bread, non home cooked deli sliced roast beef and powdered gravy. I do not recommend. I knew the bakery back when they were on Franklin but i never knew them to be like this. Horrible.We ate here twice when we were visiting New Orleans.  The muffuletta sandwiches were fabulous - everyone in my family loved them. My daughter had an oyster Greek salad and thought it was great.  My other daughter had the red beans and rice with sausage, and then just red beans and rice.  Both times they were great.  We also had the chili cheese fries that were great.
I would give it 5 stars for the food.  I gave it 4 stars because while they were polite, I wouldn't say they were friendly.  I would, however, absolutely recommend this place for great food.To those of you that have never been here for whatever the reason: GET HERE AS SOON AS HUMANLY POSSIBLE! The chicken ALONE will have you coming back again and again. It was my very first time hearing of this place and as an artist, I can appreciate how the menu is set up. It's literally written on the wall! I ordered a two piece fried white meat chicken with a salad and fries. I love the fries. They are sliced thin and not overly fried like most places with skinny or curly fries. I don't really recommend the salad; my salad was wilted and didn't contain any cheese. It's just lettuce and salad dressing. The chicken is probably the best thing you could order for the first time. I highly recommend it and I WILL be back!!If you are looking for a delicious New Orleans style roast beef poboy slathered in gravy, be sure to keep driving past this place. It's deli style roast beef lightly dipped in what taste like powdered brown gravy mixed with water,leaving plenty to be desired. On a positive note, D man said the BBQ poboy wasn't all that bad.Solid club sandwich and potato salad. My dad didn't like what he ordered not because it wasn't good, but it wasn't what he was expecting. He asked for a club instead, and they provided it at no charge which went above and beyond!It's great if po-boys are your thing! My two favorite po-boys are a hot sausage or fried shrimp so when I stumbled upon this casual joint on Yelp, I set a date with my husband to try it out. We went in on for lunch on Saturday and it was busy but also messy. There were several empty tables with empty baskets and dishes from diners after they had left. Perhaps they were short on staff but no one seemed in an immediate rush to clear off the tables. 
I ended up getting the hot sausage po boy and my husband got the hamburger po boy. Mine tasted averagely good but sensed that my husband was rather indifferent to his and probably wouldn't come here alone. Disclaimer: he's from Philly and can't seem to enjoy anything remotely similar to his beloved cheese steak. They do have some hot plate food but I can't comment on that but all of the other patrons had also ordered po-boys. So for what it's worth, I'd keep this in your pocket for your po-boy fix only. 
The po-boys come in three sizes and are affordable. Of course with a drink, fries/chips, it adds up but nothing that would disqualify it from the cheap-eats-but-not-fast-food category. 
There were a couple of disgruntled patrons who had not gotten their food in a timely fashion and I didn't see the staff go above and beyond to remedy the situation. Again, maybe they were short on staff this day but I wouldn't go in here with high expectations for outstanding dining service but I don't mind that as much since its affordable!Oh Koz's, how you've left me down.  I've been going to see Koz since I was a kid, and he was at "The Poboy Bakery". You were known for your awesome poboys, and their size and quality were unmatched!  
On Friday, I went to the Lakeview location to pick up a few poboys for my parents and myself for lunch.  I must admit, I was let down.  When I got home and unwrapped the poboys, I was not totally happy.  
The first to be unwrapped was a hot roast beef on French.  It was a nice sandwich that reminded me of my childhood. Nice portion of roast beef, copious amounts of gravy ( who doesn't like a sloppy roast beef poboy on French???) and dressed to perfection, on soft French bread from Gendusa's... YUM!  But that's where my elation stopped.  
The last to be unwrapped was the BBQ beef poboy. As I was unwrapping it, My mind filled with visions of my childhood, a Saturday afternoon spent by the pool, and mom coming out with the poboys dad went to pick up for a late lunch. All that came to a screeching halt when I gazed upon the BBQ beef poboy in front of me, my all time favorite from them.  Before me sat a skinny knock-off of a poboy.  The loaf used to make it would have been better off used as sliced French bread for dipping in some sauce. Skinny, hard, and not good at all.  The BBQ beef was skimped on so much, I think there was more mayo than there was beef.  The only saving grace for that poboy was that the flavor of the BBQ beef was still as good as ever.  
With the premium price that is charged for these poboys, you expect to have a great sandwich, which was never doubted by me in the past when going to Koz's.  It seems that has changed in recent times.I SO want this place to be good!! It is on my way home from work, close to my house and easy to get to. After having a few disappointing experiences in the past we stopped going for awhile. I decided to give it another try tonight and sadly wound up regretting it. One of us got a bowl of chicken & sausage gumbo, the other the spaghetti & meatballs - both daily specials. The order was to go, so when I got home & realized there were only 2 small pieces of chicken and one half piece (?) of sausage in the gumbo, served with dried out, hard rice I was of course irritated. The spaghetti & meatballs were ok- but nothing special - only 1 1/2 meatballs. (Who serves half a meatball???) Even with a small side salad & piece of garlic bread I felt ripped off. The whole meal felt like leftovers from the day.
I am just so annoyed that this place can't get it together. Maybe it's only good for poboys??? IDK -stopped getting their poboys a long time ago. Too many better, more consistent options in the area. I REALLY wish our experience had been better.Had the bowl of seafood gumbo.  Generous portion, but no flavor.
Also ordered the catfish plate with cheese fries and onion rings.  The fries and onion rings came out cold.  I sent back the cheese fries and the server cheerfully came back with some hot ones.  Catfish plate was OK.  Went on a Friday night, and they were busy.  Bread for my friend's po-boy was soft -- and we talked about it during supper.I've only eaten here once and we did take-out. The sandwiches are good sized and taste great! We got the shrimp po boy and roast beef po boy. They messed up the order and have us a small of one and large of the other but we didn't realize until we got home and it didn't really matter. Good food and good prices. This is a nice lunch spot.I got a shrimp and oyster poboy. I can't hate on anything, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't that good either. 
The bread was fine.Tried to call and place a to go order. Was put on hold for about 10 minutes. Finally hung up and called back. The lady said I'm sorry it will be 10 minutes before I can take your order and hung up on me. Very rude and will not be ordering from here.Dirty establishment, bathroom had no soap or paper towels, food was mediocre at best, and way overpriced. Being we were in the store with 4 people, we didn't think it'd 20min to get.I had been to Koz's once before, but there was a pretty insane line at lunch, so I ended up leaving. The second time I tried Koz's I got to completely skip the line, because I ordered via the Waitr app and they brought the food to me. Obviously, this is a review of just the food and not the service.
I decided to get a muffaletta half and a large potato salad. I think my total was $11, which wasn't bad at all. The muffaletta was perfect! The bread was soft- which I like, there was plenty of meat and olive salad and it was doused in olive oil. Also, a "half" muffaletta is still pretty big and plenty enough for lunch all on it's own. The potato salad was a white potato salad and it was just okay. I'll admit that I am kind of picky when it comes to potato salad and this one was lacking something and it didn't have much flavor. I ended up packing it up and taking it home where I added salt and pepper, and that was an improvement, but I probably wouldn't order it again.
All in all, I enjoyed my lunch and since Koz's has one of the best muffalettas I've tried, I'll probably be back.Outstanding roast beef and fried shrimp po-boys. French bread is perfect. Will definitely be back.