Owned by my daughter's law school friend.  We will be on New Orleans nect week to update this review.Stayed in hotel nearby and was looking for a place to have a latte. They had what I was looking for and the charm inside was an added bonus.  I would definitely stop here again for some good coffee. I didn't try it but someone was eating the breakfast sandwich and it looked amazing. Didn't break the bank either.I have been coming to here since they opened.  For me, the morning coffee experience is more that just the cup but the consistent excellent attitude and good mornings you get.   It is the right way to start your day.  I fully recommend this place!The food & service was amazing. The owner Eugene Anderson was a gracious host. I would suggest if you are in New Orleans you must stop by.This review started off horrible a few months back, I went to give the place another try and they redeemed themselves fully. The nice guy at the counter was nothing but helpful and the overall atmosphere was great. I don't know what happend  the day i went and had a bad experience but its a great place. I would recommend it now.The Barista is very nice, and makes an incredible sandwich and cup of coffee! Came in town for a convention, and ended up coming here for breakfast all 3 days. The atmosphere is very relaxing, and the patio is perfect for an early morning read and coffee.They would have gotten 5 stars if the service was actually good. The food was super but definitely wasn't expecting the rude service at 8am on Saturday pre-coffee. Clearly it was our first time there so we were unsure of what to get. Then when I asked for milk for coffee since it wasn't at the condiment station, he acted like I was asking the world. Just felt really awkward there the whole time we were ordering breakfast. Probably won't be back just because of this.Quite disappointing. Got a cappuccino. Taste super bland like water with way too much milk. The coffee does not have any appealing flavor like acidity or bitterness or fragrance. Absolutely nothing special. 
In a summer day at the end of June, the coffee comes extra hot so I cannot even drink it after 10 minutes. Why they think it is a good idea? ...
It does have some nice vibe though with soft music and gorgeous photography. I am sure it is a great place to study or work since the coffee here is like $3 instead of $5 comparing to some touristy ones but for me the coffee is just truly disappointing...The barista was so nice, and made me feel like I had been there a hundred times. I wish I had gotten an iced coffee because I was sitting outside with my book and a delicious yet HOT cup of coffee and I was sweating up a storm. A very cute place if you are looking to relaxQuiet and lots of tables. Good for studying solo or with a friend. Awesome cold brew and really good breakfast sandwich. Definitely coming back!i'm so happy to see that krewe du brew's following has grown!
we happened to come across this coffee/tea shop after attending the nearby st. patrick's day parade and needed a little something to cool us down.  from the outside, this shop appears to be in a house.  when you get inside, it's clear that the owner has tried to create a comfortable environment with artwork and books.  there is even a nook that allows you to daydream out the window.
the 1 "barista" was so kind to make me a COLD passion tea and after a few minutes asked if i liked it.
the menu may not be very descriptive or inclusive of everything they offer so i would suggest looking at the menu on their web site or asking a few questions - just not too many!Pretty good, but I wasn't overly blown away. The iced coffee wasn't too bad but it really wasn't anything special. It was as good as PJ's (and about the same price) but if I'm going to a local coffee shop, I want something a little more special.
The place itself is small. Very small. And it seemed to be lacking something. It didn't feel very "warm" to me and the atmosphere seemed off. The porch was super nice and if it had been a cooler day I would have enjoyed my coffee there.
I would go back for the coffee, but I wouldn't stay.Visited this place while staying at a nearby airbnb location.  It is a nice neighborhood Coffee shop with a pretty good sized menu.  Most of the clientele were working on laptops.  We ordered the bacon egg and cheese sandwich.  It was on a croissant and was quite tasty.  Staff were really pleasant and accommodating as we had a small child with us.I love this place. I work here almost every day. Great working environment, great prices, great coffee, tea & food, & awesome helpful staff. I recommend the breakfast sandwiches & the gentilly sandwich.Men.  Attitude/quality ratio is far too high.  My cappuccino was "big chain" quality.  Over extracted and watery, milk overheated.  Breakfast panini was decent if sloppy.  Barista was impatient and condescending even though we were the only people ordering, or maybe just didn't like us.Im in. I drive from New Orleans East just for coffee here, that speaks volumes. Now true enough I can only attest to the ever so delightful CUBAN ESPRESSO, as far as the drinks go, but I can also attest to the excellent service, classic NOLA feel & ever reasonable prices ADD IN the ambience of St. Charles Avenue; I'm in love . 
Passing this place on the street it can be drowned out in all the hoopla that St. Charles Avenue has to offer, ahhhhh buT once you take the time to stop in, you're gonna be an instant fan. 
During my initial visit I was somewhat surprised that you pay for your food or drink selections once you're ready to leave. I mean you can actually sit a spell & enjoy your company & food/drink selection. 
Seating is limited, but I've honestly never visited & have been unable to fInd a seat. 
There are board games for your pleasure, scrabble, blokus, apples to apples, trivia pursuit & the list goes on. Also there are jewelry & wares from local vendors for purchase. Local business with the locals in mind.Last year my fiancé and I took our dog with is on our annual NOLA trip and found ourselves looking for outdoor eateries to bring him along. We like to relax in the morning with a cup of coffee in a cozy coffee house and this place became our go to spot. The owner was SUPER friendly and even let our dog come inside and take a nap on the floor while we enjoyed our drinks. We visited this place three times during our 4 day trip. The owner even let me take a book from the 'take a book, leave a book' rack even though I didn't have one to leave behind. I'll be returning this spring for more coffee and to finally add my book to the rack!such friendly staff, CUTE location, delicious coffee and pastries. i love their sun room, and the outside patio is also great!I was visiting the city and after trying it the first day, I was back each day of my trip. The coffee was awesome and the breakfast sandwich my mom got is definitely worth getting. The owner remembered my order after the first day, he went out of his way to make sure we had everything we needed. If I lived in the city, this would definitely be a place I go regularly.Great and attentive service - even with the guy being the only staff member on a Sunday! The banana bread and breakfast sandwiches are delicious.Love this place went there during Mardi Gras week and man it was really busy but the food and the service were tremendous , don't remember their names but the 2 people their were really kind and were the only restaurant generous enough to allow people to use their bathrooms , try the breakfast sandwhich it's awesomeNice little coffee shop.  Good cappuccino not great.  Nice staff. Dude with rainbow and unicorns tee shirt was funny.  Would not go out if way to visit but was walking distance from hotel.Nifty little coffee place got a frozen lemonade and two breakfast sandwichies, lemonade was good a little syrupy sandwiches took a while to come out. However the staff was really friendly and that is always the heartbone of a coffee shopThe place is nice enough, that old, dilapidated New Orleans charm. The coffee I got was $2.50, and I got it to go. They gave it to me in one of those gas station paper/plasticky cups, which didn't bother me. But the coffee itself was gas station quality. Don't know what everyone is going on about. I would not come back here for drip coffee. Maybe their espresso drinks are better, some places are like that.Great place to get a capuccino. They close at 5 but walked up and they opened up for us!! Love it when people are nice and caring.You won't find a ton of Starbucks or Coffee Bean in New Orleans.  What you will find is PJ's and coffee houses like Krewe Du Brew.  
I actually prefer coffee houses like Krewe De Brew because they're....
-Small and charming
-Locally owned
-Good service
-Quiet, not fast paced
-Has that "Home" feel
-And has character
You won't find a ton of breakfast selections or even a long list of caffeine options here. What you will find is a limited, but great tasting Cafe au Laits and a delicious breakfast croissant.  
-Breakfast Croissant:  Looks like a panini, but it's actually a grilled smashed croissant with egg, bacon, and for an extra charge, sausage.  As good as it looks. Yummy!(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=focQoIz6mptLob4kV2RFhg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (035/366)Amazing coffee, Cool vibe, Awesome Barista, right next to St. Charles street car station. The music is also great. Pastries look delish but I haven't tries them.The attitude of Mr. Eugene was amazing! !!!! Eugene was so polite and very helpful as far suggesting different type of coffee  options and food options. I enjoy this place a lot. Everything about this coffee shop speaks New Orleans! First thing First, is the music selection. I got to enjoy my coffee, work meeting , and $5.00 breakfast sandwich while listening to the soulful jams of jazz, brass band music, billboard hits, etc. A wide range of Billie Holiday, James Brown, Elton John, BB King, Etta James, Stevie WONDER, Re Birth brass band, Louis Armstrong and etc....... The lists of great jams goes on and on. I love it/ they definitely gave the perception of a coffee shop a new meaning! The breakfast Foods are very affordable. The WiFi is really strong and yes, there is outside seating. The choice of blended caffeinated drinks are pretty good! oVERALL i WILL BE BACK !Super petit café, produits délicieux et ambiance chaleureuse! J'aurais aimé avoir un breuvage glacé mais le mixeur était brisé, Eugène m'a suggéré de faire le même mélange mais avec des cubes de glace histoire que je n'aie pas à choisir autre chose... Ça a été une réussite! Bravo :)I only drink 1 cup of coffee a day, but really enjoy a good cup.  I like to seek out places like this on my travels.  This place was really, really good!  The egg sandwich was pretty damn yummy as well.Great yummy coffee. They had soy and Almond milk as well. Also I got one of their $5 breakfast sandwiches that also was a great deal and very delicious.Excellent and friendly service.  Great coffee and tea made just to your specifications.The coffee is good and the service is fast. There were no courtesies. I don't know if this what NOLA locals like. Being from the south I expected a little friendliness.  Not bad experience just not worth 5 stars.Lattes are horrible. They tasted like drip coffee with flavored cream. It's surprising that this place is so highly rated on yelp! The breakfast sandwiches were decent. The guy meticulously packed the sandwiches for to-go. He salvaged (2 stars)  with the sandwiches. We won't be surprised  of this place shuts down in the future. You cannot be a coffee place and serve folgers coffee in a cupOne of my favorite coffee places in the city. I'm not a real connoisseur, but I like their coffee and their flavored ice teas. What I really like about it is that it is a great space with natural light that is perfect for getting work done. It's also one of the few coffee shops right on the St. Charles streetcar line. Both of the guys that work here are super friendly and let you pay after you have your drink, which for some reason makes it more homey.Very nice atmosphere and delicious egg bacon and cheese breakfast sandwiches. Very friendly service.came here on a busy parade morning, and it definitely deserves a visit during normal operation. staff was friendly despite the hectic pace, and the tiny space was filled with great local art/photopgraphy
got tea and pastries, everything was tasty and panini operation going on looked pretty tempting!This is one of my favorite coffee shops in this city! Let's just start with the music. Every time, I go in there especially on Tuesdays the musical selections make me want to vibe and drift in my thoughts with the wonderful soulful music. It makes me want to stick around and relax. 
Along with the vibe definitely is the coffee. I haven't been disappointed with their cold and hot lattes. Always 100%, filled with flavor and reasonably priced. I also love their breakfast sandwiches. My go-to breakfast sandwich is the turkey, egg, and cheese panini and it's just so yummy! It makes me feel like I'm ready to get my day started.
It's a small coffee shop but has a good amount of seating. I have been able to have a meeting there with 5 people so you should be good in that area as well.
Parking. There is street parking metered parking out front, definitely normally spots. If you not for the meters the side street normally has parking as well.
This is a great location for meetings and friend meet ups as well.
Note: Such great art on the walls, nice views to keep you going!Within 2 minutes I'm already in love. I consider myself a coffee shop whore as of late, but Krewe du Brew will assuredly be added as one of my mainstays. I'm in medical school so I study a lot, and a bit of change of scenery is always great. The scenery here though is perfect.
The man working couldn't have been any nicer or more eager to serve me what I wanted. This iced coffee has the perfect hint of hazelnut for which I asked. Delicious. He just greeted the next customer with a "hey dawlin'". You gotta love that. 
The atmosphere (during a Friday afternoon currently) is very quiet. There's a special little nook at the front with floor to ceiling windows and 2 tables for sitting and sipping and studying, and they overlook St. Charles. I can see eager Jazz Festers hopping on the streetcar to head downtown. If anyone wants to challenge me and try and snag one of these tables, look out.
Street parking was very manageable for midday Friday. Place is very clean. I can't speak on the pastries... yet. Cheers to yet another Friday evening spent studying at a fantastic local New Orleans coffee shop!Krewe Du Brew was dissapointing - I was expecting a really good cup of coffee to get a sub-par, burnt espresso. I very rarely throw lattes away, and I ended up throwing this away on the way back to my hotel. The menu wasn't really varied and the shop was a bit dated in its decor. Very little ambiance - just a run of the mill coffee stop with a very pissed off barista who wouldn't take the time of day to wait for my order (although there wasn't anyone else in the shop too!) NOLA has other great coffee establishments, so I'd say skip this and try another. I'm giving it 2 stars because my fiance enjoyed his drink - just an iced coffee - and he said that was fine but just basic.Tasty coffee, bagel toasted and presented with cream cheese without me asking, and a wide variety of milks. Cool vibes as well!!!Small, quiet and good food. Coffee was excellent. And walking distance from street carscute place, friendly people, tasty coffee, a real nice local coffee shop in the sea of tourist traps along St. Charles.Great atmosphere. Warm staff. Amazing chai tea latte. Safe environment. Will absolutely be coming again.We sat outside and were served up a couple good breakfast sandwiches, right on St. Charles Avenue. Service was swift, the bagels and sandwiches were excellent and the tea came in some lovely large mugs. One star because a second tea bag would've helped for that much water.I'm giving Krewe Du Brew five stars for the following reasons: 
1. They are dog friendly
2. They have RELIABLE wifi
3. It's quiet & good for work
4. There is super comfortable seating on the patio
5. The staff is SO NICE! 
Surprisingly, most other coffee places in Nola can't make those 5 things happen. For this, I will patronize Krewe du Brew over Mojo or the Avenue Cafe!Nice little coffee shop.  The server was really friendly and made you instantly feel like a regular.
I got a black coffee (I think it was an Ethiopian French Roast).  It was excellent, and we sat inside for a little while to enjoy our drinks.  There's lots of local artwork on the walls, and it's a nice relaxing location.  Definitely a nice place to chat and have a cup of coffee!I live near Krewe and was delighted to find a new coffee shop on St. Charles. Normally, I go to Mojo but I have a hard time accessing wifi there... Probably just my fault. 
Anyways, Krewe Du Brew is new, a bit plain ... But everything I want. No bad music (actually NO music), a clean bathroom and really nice outdoor furniture for me and my dog. The coffee is great, pastries are good, and the owners are really sweet. 
I'll be back there with pup in tow, to jump on their wifi outside and watch the streetcars pass. Easily the best coffee shop on St. Charles and a nice addition to the LGD.
I'll be going back. They're cash-only right now, but have told me that will change soon. They just opened, so they're getting their groove.Delicious coffee, great place to do work and the owner is very nice. Stopped by for a couple hours and it was a very pleasant experience.Two words: vegan pastries.  Okay... maybe I can give you a bit more than that.  My brother said their coffee was fabulous!  I got their raspberry lemonade, and he asked if he could try a bit and gulped down half of it.  So that can give you a good indication of how delicious it was.  And it's just worth the moon to me that they offer such delicious vegan baked goods!  Seriously.  I never get that living in Wisconsin.Cool place.  I'm a big fan of local coffee shops as opposed to spending my money at Starbucks.  I didn't have any of the food but everyone was eating it and it looked pretty good.  I just had some decaf and it was good.  They have a large rack of books and I passed some time reading a travel guide of Vancouver.  The service is very good and prices very fair.  I thought it was very comfortable and I would return.Breakfast sammie was delicious and so was the coffee! Would recommend this place for a quick bite and cup or for a meet up. Also, I'm not sure if the barista working today was the owner but he was so very nice!Very friendly at the counter! All around a great place to get a coffee or tea with a friend or to sit and do work at. Good location.This is the spot if you're in the Garden District. What a relaxing spot. The gentleman running it is as sweet and friendly as they come. The coffee is great and the prices are right on!!Love a big mug and these guys do it right. Organic teas are delicious (love the peppermint especially) and the service and vibe are perfect.Great location, great coffee, great Owner (Eugene) and just an all-around great vibe. Check it out next time you are Uptown.While I haven't had their coffee yet; I love that Krewe Du Brew has (affordable!) vegan pastry options AND super friendly service!  I can't wait to go back for more treats & some coffee!If I lived close it would be "my place".
REALLY nice people working in it, neat little building, totally a tiny little oasis of caffeine.One of the best coffee's I had in New Orleans! He adds a bit of brown sugar to the grinds, coffee smells and tastes delicious. No need to add sugar if you Like me that only needs a touch. And the location is perfect - on my way to work :) they also have a loyalty card I should be getting my free cup of coffee soon!Visiting New Orleans from LA and really enjoyed the coffee shop- it's a great place to get work done and Eugene who runs the shop is such a nice, friendly and pleasant guy. Def a fan of this place! The caramel latte I had was also really good.What a great independent coffee shop. My iced tea was excellent which is great because so many coffee shops in town do tea poorly. 
Shake sugary baked goods, my slice of morning glory bread was super tasty. 
Views are great as are the outdoor seating area. Owners/staff are lovely. 
Will definitely need to stop back in.When a coffee shop carries Scrabble that's as good as it gets for me. Oh, and of course, my cappuccinos were fabulous, and the ham and cheese croissant sandwich was gooey and delicious, and, indeed, the owner, Eugene, was a terrific host. When I return to NOLA with my sweetheart, I will look forward to my cappuccinos, croissant sandwich and a relaxing game of Scrabble. Krewe Du Brew is a fine local coffee shop worth the stop when you are in the Garden District. And even when you're not.Very good coffee offering great breakfast items including a wonderful cinnamon roll. They also offer a large selection of free additives like almond and soy milk options free of charge. The other items on the menu look great too. This is a nice am breakfast stop even though some of the people working there are not too cheery.Rewards card perks are cool.  Venue is a bit strange--kind of a mix of tourists and the local crazies.  The coffee is okay. I'm not sure what all the rave is about.Super cranky service on New Year's Day.  What gives?  Be nicer to your customers.  All of them, not just your regulars.This is probably one of the best experiences I have had in a cafe or restaurant ever - the man who took our order was so polite, friendly and welcoming!  He was warm and my friend and I felt very comfortable - this is a super nice cafe, homey and intimate without being overly kitschy or trying too hard.  Our beverages were expertly made and brought to our table - super nice cafe, and I look forward to visiting there again!I really like this little coffee shop on St. Charles!! It's fun and funky! The have different themed nights and always a funny quote on their sign out front.  
I haven't had a bad cup of coffee or conversation here! It's a chill spot to meet up with people or grab a beverage togo!Pretty cool little coffee shop on St. Charles that excels in atmosphere but has just okay drip coffee.
My hotel is around the corner so this spot is perfect to start the day at, especially since they have excellent blueberry muffins and a sign advertising breakfast sandwiches all day. 
I really like the patio that is nice and worn in and allows you to watch everything go by on the busy street. 
I've tried the medium roast and the chicory blend coffees and while not bad, no where near the great coffee I've had in KC and SF as of late. Gets the job done and beats pouches of coffee from the hotel!During our honeymoon in NOLA, we stayed at a nearby B&B and went here almost every morning for coffee.  They always have cute chalkboard signs out front and the coffee is very good.  Very clean place but it's pretty small inside.  There is seating outside though which is great on a nice day.  They also have some breakfast pastries, but I didn't try any.Hilarious sign out the front, and the guy who served me my iced latte was a very nice gentleman. Iced latte could have had a bit more milk, but otherwise tasted great. Didn't have any of the food, but the selections sounded good.I have been here few times, always had an amazing cup of coffee.. Ambience is classic NOLA - "laid back", they have free wifi, books and board games. You can easily spend a couple of hrs relaxing here.. Service is great. It's a good departure from the national brand coffee chains with better quality coffee.This is a great independently owned coffee shop. They have good coffee, good food, and good service. The atmosphere is amazing and the staff is very friendly.  It's a place u must try when in the area.This has probably been my favorite coffee experience in New Orleans so far. It has a cozy, whole-in-the-wall atmosphere with a lovely, brick patio for fresh air. I ordered a large Cuban for $2.65. Krewe Du Brew seems like a great place to study or crank out necessary work with free WiFi.
This is also within walking distance from the coven house for any AHS buffs.Just happened to discover this little gem. So cozy and chill. I love the vibe here. Ordered a cappuccino and it came in the most beautiful artsy mug. 
This is definitely a favourite among the locals.First time here in Nola! Staying in a hotel nearby and needed coffee. As soon as we came in Kristen was so friendly and welcoming! She made our drinks amazing! But the atmosphere she created was amazing! Definitely coming back! She also did a mini photo shoot with us!!! She's awesome!I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. We stopped here early morning before we headed back out on our road trip. The male barista was super friendly and helped us decide what to order. We also ordered two pastries,  blueberry muffin & a orange zest cinnamon roll. They were great! Our kids played with cards before sitting with us for our pastries, which were perfectly warmed. We couldn't finish our coffee so it was placed in to-go cups for us. :-) It's so nice to feel like you're in someone's home and your children are welcomed - most coffee shops give the opposite vibe. Great service, I'd be back if I were in the area. 
Ps. Super cool signs outside!Cutest little coffee shop with very good fresh coffee n yummie goodies n breakfast sandwiches! If ur in the area stop by n let him wow u.My wife and visited  this establishment 2 as we stayed in New Orleans.   Great coffee  and pretty good breakfast  sandwiches... the service was EXCELLENT...Great location - On St. Charles next to Sushi Brothers. And yes it's on the streetcar line. 
Great space - Quaint little shotgun with wood flooring and great art by local artists. 
Yummy food - The maple bacon sweet potato biscuit is awesome (there are so many pieces of bacon inside).
Delicious drinks - The frozen raspberry lemonade is the perfect blend of sweet tangy goodness.
This is definitely a place you will want to frequent. Be it for work, study, or just because.I've been to Krewe Du Brew multiple times. The food is good and the coffee is too. Your experience will be pleasant if the owner is working there. However, if you are so unlucky to encounter the middle aged man with a grayish beard who works there, your experience will definitely be sub par. He is extremely rude. You will be ignored upon entering. When it is time for you to order, you will be lucky if he even says "what do you want?" instead of just staring at you with his brow raised. I have given this place multiple chances and experienced this man at least three times. I gave him the benefit of the doubt the first two times, but this is enough. A business in New Orleans will not survive with rude employees interacting with customers. I won't be coming back here. It's a shame because the coffee is good! There are too many coffee shops with friendly workers in the area that you can go to!