My boyfriend and I fell in love with Krystal's tiny burgers as soon as we took our first bite.  It's absolutely yummy after a long night partying on Bourbon Street and still yummy as breakfast the next morning.  Yes, we had Krystal's twice in less than 8 hours!  That's how much we loved it!  They practically melt in your mouth.  I am fiending just thinking about them.White Castle burgers are GOOD....Krystal burgers are NOT.
Someone used the phrase belly bomb...I agree with that.
My advice....DON'TThis is the only Krystal burger in the NOLA area (and maybe south Louisiana).  Because it's on Bourbon St., the prices are high and, let's face it, you probably won't be walking in here sober (which is probably why the prices are high).
Krystal burgers are tasty, but I don't get them from this location.  Actually, I only get them when I can find them, which is not often when I'm usually either in Houston or NOLA.OK so this place is basically a White Castle's knock off.  Mini burgers that slide down nice and easy when you're hammered.  Opportune since this particular establishment is located at the end of Bourbon Street.
The food is drunk food so it serves its purpose.
The place is in New Orleans so you have to love it.
They make you buy before you pee.  This presented a problem.
Two stars, whilst a member of our group swore this was the best darn cheeseburger she'd ever had, I was peeved that I had to pay before i peed.Ok, I give Krystal a 4 star because it's kind of a unique little chain like White Castle only a skosh better in my opinon.  I love the Pups (baby hot dogs) and if you've been drinking, these sandwiches are especially delicious.  Not that great when you're sober but they do make a nice snack to tide you over until dinner.  I enjoyed seeing this place on Bourbon Street in NOLA.  I usually eat at Krystal once when I'm visiting in Central Florida too.Had a fantastic breakfast this morning.  Sausage, Gravy, Biscuit, Eggs all in one bowl.   Really tasty.I was very impressed on how very clean this restaurant is! Perfect for after drinks on bourbon street! The staff was super fast and efficient while being extra polite to all the customers.It was ok. Hit the spot when I needed it to, just not a place I frequent. Decent food. I ordered the chicken sandwich and fries. The chicken had lettuce, tomato, bacon and cheese..Chilli cheese burger and onion rings are on point. Definitely going to come back on my way back to arizonaI know what you thinking , ...low end fast food in the middle  of " live to eat city ?" yes I went there. Why ? well because I love white castle hamburgers, and I moved to a state that doesn't have them. These were as close as you can get, the buns are a little larger, so it's not quite the same, but hey, at 4 am on Bourbon street, I am sure this place is as much fun as white castle usta be . We can all sing , oh when the drunks come marching in.....Was somehow talked into coming here late night since it semi resembles a White Castle burger. I've never heard of the fast food chain before so didn't know what to expect. Convenient they have a combo meal that comes with 12 of them if you're in a big group. The mustard and pickle combo on a tiny burger was too much in a bite. It's pretty crowded but they knock those little suckers out quickly.Do not go to this place sober.  I haven't done it, but I just can't imagine that it would be a pleasant experience.  That being said, this place is great for late-night-leaving-the-Quarter food.
This is the White Castle of New Orleans.  Sliders, mini chicken sandwiches, mini chili dogs, mini corn dogs.Not a whole lot of food options during Mardi Gras at 3 am and Krystals  mini burgers hit the spot. Similar to WC burgers in Chicago. Service was quick and was kept pretty clean considering it was Mardi Gras crowd most of the time. I ate here 3 times during our visit and enjoyed it every time.Quick? Nope.
Amazingly delicious? Nope.
Open late? Yep. 
Awesome workers? Hell no.
Delicious when drunk? Absolutely.
Affordable? Yep.
Crowded? Hell to the yes.
Good enough? Sure.
Will I be back? Yes. When drunk.If I could give no stars, I would.
This seemed perfect - a late night stop after being out at the bars all afternoon/night. This place was the worst decision I made in New Orleans.
Within 6 hours both myself and the person I went with were so sick. I will leave out the details but I have never been that sick in my whole life, and we ended up having to rent the hotel room out another night because we could not get back in the car to drive home - even at noon the next day (this was consumed at 2AM).
Even eating it drunk, you could tell the food was bad and we could not even finish it. The fries were horrible - like half cooked and no flavor -  who makes bad fries?! We didn't eat any of them.
Do not go here - dealing with no late night food and a hangover the next day is a way better option!!Being from Chicago we were in new Orleans so we had to get sliders from Krystal close to white castle but no cigarFor what the place is, I think it's awesome.
Harold and Kumar made me wonder how awesome white castle was, so on a business trip to the east coast I made a road trip to one and I thought it tasted like ass.  You can really get the same taste out of whatever they sell nationally at Walmart in the frozen food section.
Krystals on the other hand was pretty good.  The wings were pretty awesome late night food and the chicken sandwich sliders were actually flavorful too.I'm no culinary prude and I can appreciate cheap n' greasy...but Krystal does not qualify as an edible consumable.
The stores are generally kept up, clean, and the employees are great, but the burgers/sliders are grotesque, have no taste (do include a violent after-taste).  There are cheaper alternatives out there.Visiting New Orleans this weekend! This is what White Castle is supposed to be! God damn these little suckers are tasty! Best sliders in NOLAIf I could give 0 stars, I would do that in a heartbeat. Worst customer service ever!!! I love NOLA and the people in this city but this business blows when it come to customer service. Everyone is too busy watching videos on their phones or taking smoke breaks instead of wiping down the tables. After my wife wipe down our table our food came. I asked for dipping sauce and was charged 38 cents for each one. While the girl was ringing me up, she's watching a video on her phone. After the receipt printed and she got my change, she holding out the receipt watching her video. She was waiting for me to grab it from her instead of her handing it to a customer. When she finally lifted her head up and handed me my change, I told her I didn't need the receipt. This bitch had the gall to tell me that I needed to throw it out. I definitely will never go in that shit hole again when I visit NO.Granted I was drunk when I ate this but I enjoyed every minute. The burgers were just like White Castle. Perfect late night stop. YumOne of the grosses burgers I have ever had in my life. The meat did not look like meat it was gray and slime like. I'm not sure if that is normal and have no need to go back and see if that do better.Great food for that long walk back to the hotel late at night.This place is awesome. I opted for the chicken since I don't eat beef. The husband got the little burgers. The fried are ok, but the little spicy chicken sammiches are delicious.Like others say...it's very similar to White Castle. Checked this place out cause we wanted to try fast food that's local. Wasn't bad and wasn't awesome.Wow! Great little burgers and chicken.  Especially at 4 am.  The locals there gave the advice to know who your baby daddy is...  Great when you have had one too many.  Wish we had one in Denver...Krystal is pretty much the White Castle of Bourbon Street.  Krystal serves up little slyders on the little buns, are open late-night and attracts drunks.  I've had it both sober and intoxicated.  The burgers are thicker and actually juicier than White Castles and don't have that stench of the "SICKNESS" that the Castle emits.
Remember?  The SICKNESS is that craving you get for nasty-ass processed and barely-edible "food stuffs."  It tends to happen when one is intoxicated and craves gross food.
So, Krystal isn't as much of a contributor to the SICKNESS as is White Castle, but the size, price and attractiveness when drunk all make it palitable.  And, on a plus side, you can get your White Castle SICKNESS fix on Bourbon Street!Chili Krystal beats any White Castle burger ANY DAY!!People are unbelievable. You get much more than what you pay for compared to most places. Perfect food for late night drinking and parting on Bourbon st. In New Orleans. We got them and loved them. Very good. Exactly what we expected and wanted.It's did actually get less than one star. The food was none edible. It actually smell like dog food. If that not bad enough the staff of this location tonight was even worse. They treated us like we were a bother and that's even before we ordered. I have every intention I'll never spending money ever again.Well, I only stopped here because people told me that this was New Orleans version of White castle, Um, NOT! They prepare it the sam, it looks the same, but it doesn't smell the same and it sure as heck doesn't taste the same. Maybe if I was in the dessert and starving I MIGHT try another one, but I think I would rather eat dirt!It's flithy but what do you expect from bourbon.  Get you some white castle style burgers and converse with extremely inebriated women.  It's the ultimate win win.Good ol' KRYSTAAAAAAL Burger has always been  the late night rescue for me when I'm in a drunken stupor on my way back to my hotel.   I've eaten here several nights after partying on Bourbon!!!!!!Krystal on bourbon. Same manager for years. Good stuff. The new cashier was having a tough time but thats ok. It's called character here.I really don't get the hype with these slider fast food joints.  I've never been to a White Castle, so I can't compete, but I really wasn't impressed. It's cheap, I guess, and the fries were decent, but there are plenty of better fast food burger joints out there.
I say skip it.  It's not worth the calories.Awesome place for sliders. Had for breakfast three days in a row here. Being from the north we have White Castle and I believe this place is the southern equivalent. Kind of pricey but worth it. Would recommend.Late night hours but not quite White Castles but it will do when WC is not there. It gets busy so be patient get your order and you fillWas in NOLA on a recent vacation and needed a quick bite in the morning around bourbon st so I ventured here since I've never had a krystal and I am a big white castle fan.  The sliders are good, but for basic sliders I wouldnt pay close to a dollar for each.  But I guess when most of the patrons are probably inebriated, they are not paying attention to the price.This was the first Krystal I ever ate at. I had breakfast there. Was it memorable? Not really, but it's fast food what do you expect. I just needed something fast & easy (just like the hookers on Bourbon Street) this did the trick (trick, ha ha ha, another hooker reference). I had some breakfast sausage, scramble eggs, & grits with some coffee. It was what it was. Filled me up. I didn't get the squirts. Thank you Krystal for not giving me Hep C.I really liked it! Tried just one of the sliders. The meat doesn't look like fresh meat but it was really good haha sort of like white castles burgers. Cheap and yummy!!Colossal ripoff.  Looking to try the "sliders of the south"?  You're better off holding out until you go to Tennessee, Georgia, Florida or any other southern state; you'll easily pay double for a little square hamburger at this location.A belly bomb, by any other name, is still a belly bomb.  That said, I'd have felt way worse in the morning if I'd ended my night with 3am White Castle.
Going to "Krystal" made me feel like I was eating something foreign and exotic instead!  Ok, fine...I still felt awful in the morning, but I'm just gonna blame the booze instead.Service was awesome again today. Food came out fast. They have the best chocolate shakes! Staff even shooed out a hobo that was clearly high and just wanted to dig in the trash.basic sliders. good for drunk, oblivious people late at night. clean space. 
you may see a passed out customer sleeping with his head on the counter, holding his change and a bag of uneaten sliders.
busy at 2 AMLove this place. Quick and friendly. Great mini burgers and great chili cheese fries. Definitely something tasty to eat when you're on bourbon drunk and hungry .Yes, 4 stars here people. So, safe to say I was here (twice) after a night (nights) on Bourbon Street. Some of the comments here are hilarious. If you can explain/recall everything you had here in great detail, you were here for the wrong reasons. Were Harold & Kumar sober when they embarked on their adventure-filled quest for White Castle? Yeah, didn't think so. If you're pretending to be some pretentious foodie and want to critique the umami qualities of your BS foie gras, you're at the wrong joint. This place sells sliders, fries, and soft dranks.  
First off, I'm a White Castle fan. Finding this place was a treat. When you need something to soak up the booze (so you can make it to your 7AM meeting the following morning), this place will most likely have it. The first time, I was already coming off my buzz, so I was a bit more lucid and reasonably observant. I watched the folks cooking the food. One gentleman, who was cooking/assembling the burgers, took great care in putting together our orders. It was a really nice thing to see. I got the four slider (with cheese) combo and this is as every bit as good as White Castle (if not better on some days). It's greasy, savory (yeah, i said it) and hits the spot. 
My second visit, I ordered the four slider (2 cheese and 2 chicken) combo. I don't remember coming here and I don't remember ordering. I also don't remember taking just one bite of food and passing out in my hotel. When I woke up the following morning to make my flight, I said a solemn farewell to my unfinished meal. I wish I had brought it with me on the plane.
This is a place where you can sober up after a night full of regrets on Bourbon Street. Also, if you grew up on Krystal, I imagine you'd come here to relive the pleasant moments of your childhood (I certainly would). Leave your food critic garbage at the door.Well: it's a Krystal; kinda like a White Castle but Southern. 
Honestly, I've been to lots of Krystal Restaurants; especially after a night of partying, rarely sober. But this particular restaurant is special: it's been there since my Dad was in school at Tulane (many moons ago) and he used to sneak down to NOLA underage, party-balls, sleep in the bus station, and generally live cheap.
So, while we were walking Bourbon Street one night, per normal, I coerced my "GF" to walk with me to the Krystal. She'd never been & we had the munchies. We ordered 3 cheese Krystals & a FF at around 11 pm on a weeknight. Our food came out hot and fresh. The counter servers were nice-ish and somewhat attentive: enough for me/us. 
The Verdict:
Cheap food. Classic diner street-side decor. Relatively safe neighborhood near Canal. Satisfied munchies. No white table clothes - fo sho.  
Fresh. Hot. Small. Square.
Get some.If you're drunk this is a go to spot for a fast bite to eat.  The burgers are tiny but not horrible.  The chicken sandwiches seemed to have way more meat then the burgers.
When sober this place is not worth a trip.First time trying I thought the burgers were too bready and didn't have much flavor. meh.Stopped in for a late lunch with the wife. Used to White Castle up north, so that was my basis for comparison. Thought its on par with them. Had burgers, fries, chili cheese pup and sweet tea. Quick, tasty, delicious.Brought the wife here for her first Krystal experience. We were lucky enough to get Robin to assist us. She was friendly and kind. Recommended a hot apple pie and she wasn't lying. That pie was great. To bad Krystal isn't in Los Angeles. Krystal please be sure to show Robin the appreciation she deserves. She truly made the experienceI stumbled on this place around 10:30 on a Tuesday night. There was no lines, there was only a random man talking to one of the workers and they looked like they were arguing over some childish stuff. There was about 5 workers..all looked tired....but they were nice. There was about 15 or more combos. They have the typical Diner foods, hot dogs, burgers, fries, milkshakes, chicken/gravy bucket, etc. The combo prices are around $8.00-$14.00 ... The food quality was Awful. Fries were not flavored. Chilli dog was smelly. The presence of grease was very apparent in your stomach as you walked back to your room. Surely, this place is great when you're drunk...but otherwise it should be looked over!!!I was actually really excited to try this place out since I live in Las Vegas where we don't have this. My boyfriend and I stopped by on a rainy day. The restaurant itself was surprisingly very clean, something I wasn't expecting since it's on Bourbon Street. The lady working the cash register was very nice to me however as I was waiting for my food she started getting into an argument with another customer across the store. It had something to do about him getting into the bathroom, so dumb, and inappropriate. 
We ended up sitting in the small downstairs area facing the street. It was pretty fun people watching. Anyways, I ordered the combo with 3 burgers, a drink and fries but I substituted my fries for chili cheese fries. The burgers were not impressive at all, they didn't have much flavor and tasted like those microwavable ones you can grab from the store. The chili cheese fries were pretty good and were a decent size. 
It's always fun to try new places that aren't found in your own city but I wouldn't stop by again if I ran into one.I had never heard of Krystal until I visited NO. I ate here 3 days in a row (once buzzed, twice sober), and I was only in New Orleans for 3 days as well. I can't effin believe I did that.  My buddy who was actually here for the whole week said that Krystal's was the best food he tasted during his weeklong sojourn in New Orleans! And the dude was SOBER. 
The moral of this story is, "different strokes for different folks" because I strongly disagree with my buddy. Bottom line: this place is only good when (1) nothing else is open and you're are $hit-faced like you've never been $hit-faced before or (2) you lost all your money gambling at Harrah's and you forego paying more than $10 for any semblance of decent food and resort to Krystal for cheap sustenance. 
You can just taste the crap quality and greasiness in every item. Especially the Krystal burger and the chilli cheese fries/dog. After eating this, I can feel a thin film of grease/oil coating my mouth, teeth, and lips. Not pleasant my friends, not pleasant at all. The oily sensation in your mouth is similar to that of having eaten a tub of lard and gargled a glass of canola oil. Chew a piece of gum or brush your teeth IMMEDIATELY to get that greasy coating out your mouth. 
But you have to give credit where credit is due. Krystal serves it's purpose well. +3 star for location on Bourbon St., being open late, and being cheap. Disclaimer: If you come here when sober, this place automatically drops to 1 star.It's like eating in a third world country. 
It's painful watching how hard the employees try to give you bad service.
If you end up here, you made some bad choices!Great burgers on Bourbon street for that late-night snackCombo #1 with sweet tea and fries for $5.81. Louisiana's white castle burgersSmall place, but not cramped. A little more expensive than I'm used to. The food was on point, especially for a hangover.Perfect stop and grab for a late night, out having fun on Bourbon Street snack. A Krystal burger is what it is - a steamed slider. The counter staff are fast and helpful. The store is super clean - a miracle on Bourbon Street.i'm from NYC and we love our white castle and i have been south to chic-fil-a and krystals was the best of both worlds. Sliders for lunch and chicken biscuit for  breakfast.  Open 24hrs means yummy for your tummy when crave hits or you need something to soak up the libationswhen I got drunk in New Orleans at 2am this was the place I went to every time
the fried chicken wings were my weapons of choice, due to its variety, crispiness, and oh so good when you are drunk tastinessIt's like the White Castle of the south.
Great drunk food. 
Small burgers and chicken sandwiches. I got the spicy chicken sandwiches and it was hella spicy. I love spicy foods so I wasn't bothered by it, just wasn't expecting it to make my nose run. 
The staff was cool and accommodated my drunk request without hesitation. Shout out to the team! I'm sure they get a lot of fools going there acting up.I haven't been to Krystal  in such a long time.  I've never even seen a Krystal until we travelled out of New York.  It's a matter of fact, the last time I visited a Krystal it was on the road on a bus trip to Orlando when I was a young teen.  I remember a time when they had really good breakfast items such as their Danish and waffles.  Not anymore!
The breakfast menu was limited and didn't have pancakes, waffles or Danish.  I had scrambled eggs, grits with cheese and a sausage. All were greasy.  The cheese was two pieces of processed cheese sitting and looking very unappetizing on top of my grits and not really melting.  There was also a biscuit.  Sis had cold coffee and had to get a replacement.  She had fried eggs, bacon, biscuit and hash.  She was telling me how greasy the food was, which I already didn't need anyone to tell me that.  Thank goodness I opted for orange juice.  You can't go wrong with a boxed Minute Maid juice.  I paid around $7 for breakfast and too bad I didn't visit Jimmy J's earlier.  I would gladly spend the few bucks for a much superior meal.
The place looked like any fast food joint but it was clean, with upstairs dining. It was quiet when we went and only some locals coming in to order.   This one you can totally skip.About thirteen years ago, I was standing - well, swaying - in line at approximately drunk o'clock a.m. on a Blursday night after an overly ambitions night of quaffing spirits in the Quarter when I found myself unable to resist the siren call of Krystal Burgers near the top of Bourbon before trying to find a cab back uptown.  As a life-long Southerner, I know the value of those greasy little square burgers tucked in pillowy soft steamed rolls when you are three sheets to the wind and gravity has become your mortal enemy.  Nothing would sway me from a big sack of those delicious little delicacies that has forever put Chattanooga, Tennessee on the world culinary scene.  So, there I was in line when a rather large woman in front of me suddenly became rather unruly with the staff.  I'm not sure what she was going on about, but I am fairly certain she seemed to think that Krystal had somehow failed to meet her exacting culinary standards and so she was doing an imitation of Gordon Ramsey with the sixteen year-old girl managing the register.  I think she was arguing she should get some sort of discount for ordering burgers by the gross. So, one of my cohorts asked me what the problem was, and I said, in a voice that was probably a bit too loud, "She just said she likes Captain Solo where he is."  Well, now, how was I to know this woman would have not only heard what I said in her frothing rage, but would have gotten what I would think have been a somewhat obscure geeky Star Wars joke comparing her to Jabba the Hutt?  Awkward, to say the least. But, in my defense, her mu-mu had a "Coleman" label on it.  I felt kind of bad later because weight jokes are a bit insensitive, but she was being incredibly rude and Jim Beam was pretty much my self-appointed spokesman at that point.  So, anyway, after facing her Rancor (Ha!) with minimal difficulty, I managed to get my burgers.  Why five stars?  Because they are Krystal burgers, that's why, and some genius had the foresight to stick one at the top of Bourbon, that's why.  Not to mention, it is the only Krystal for miles around.  But, when you're half in the bag and close to finding out if it is indeed possible to make it up the last block of Bourbon while walking on your knees while the earth spins madly around you, yes, my fried, a big sack of Krystal burgers is the definition of "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"
January 28, 2012 addendum:  Okay, who knew that this modest establishment would become the scene of one of the most egregious examples of poor sports fan behavior after this year's BCS Championship game?  Obviously, it is advisable that one exercise extra caution NOT to pass out on this establishment, ESPECIALLY if the Alabama Crimson Tide is in town, lest you wish to end up with some uninvited testicles on your person.  Then again, staying conscious is a good rule of thumb in any establishment in the Quarter.  In any case, when I say I want to go to Krystal for a "hot sack" that means BURGERS.  Not some drunken Bammer's nethers.Nice place for a late-night snack!  The fries were fresh, the burgers were hot and tasty, buns were soft and fresh and the restaurant was clean.  The service was decent and quick.
Overall, this was my first visit ever to a Krystals and it went well.  Not sure I'd eat these odd little burgers for more than a snack though.Probably the best thing you could ask for after wandering Bourbon street for an entire night. 
The little burgers they serve are reminiscent of White Castle burgers but with mustard instead of ketchup. 
Definitely a place for take-out.. I didn't feel comfortable hanging around to eat in.First, I'd like say I don't expect much from Krystal. I understand it's fast food, and not fine dining.  This particular establishment is located on Bourbon St off of Canal, so it's a very high traffic location,  especially later at night, with people filtering in from the bars all night. I went here relatively sober after a couple Abita Ambers to grab some food to take to the hotel. The staff are shouting, and seem full on angry. They are this way the entire time I'm in the restaurant.  They get mad if you are too slow ordering, mad if you ask a question,  and REALLY mad if they think you are going to use the bathroom without buying something.  The food I got tasted like their attitudes, cold and bad. I thought I saw it get cooked fresh,  but it tasted microwaved. Only visit this place is if you don't have other options, there's some fantastic late night eateries on Bourbon if you look for them, this is not one of them.Hello, New Orleans version of White Castle! If you like White Castle, and have a late night craving for some sliders, then this is your place. I had a couple cheeseburger sliders, and they were good, not great. But for a fast food chain on the edge of Bourbon Street, what more can you expect? 
Oh, and if you have to go to the bathroom, make sure you either buy food and keep your receipt, or have $3 handy to give to the bathroom security guard, otherwise you're out of luck!The White Castle of the South!  But even better?
As Carson taught me, getting wasted on Bourbon street can be hangover safe if you remember to chow down at Krystal before bedtime.  It was kickin' nicely at about 4am as we scored delicious double cheeseburgers and fries to soak up our scotch, daiquiris and beer.  Money.The Krystal chain,is the south's version of White Castle.  It's fascinating to me that these two chains, with nearly identical concepts, sprang up at the same time in different parts of the country;  it's also fascinating that one hasn't gobbled up the other.  White Castle is still family owned, Krystal was swallowed by a private equity group, so it's the latter that has the cash these days.
I like both chains, and since they rarely overlap in the same market, I get to patronize both equally, depending on where I am in the country.  This location is strategically placed at the entrance / exit to Bourbon Street, is open 24/7 and their slider burgers are perfect to soak up excessive Hurricanes.
They have breakfast sandwiches in the morning, charge $3.00 to use their bathroom (or a purchase) and also have an ATM. It's a relaxing place (most times) to sit and stare out the window at the Bourbon Street crowd.  I'm thinking four burger sliders is the right amount for breakfast.  And I'm always right.Stopped by for our last night in NOLA after clubbing. I rarely eat fast food hamburgers unless it is In n out so I opted for some hot wings. 
Best decision EVER!! I usually dislike hot wings since the sauce is too spicy and tangy for my taste, but Krystal's hot wings are fried, perfectly salted and coated with their amazing spices sans sauce. Ranch dressing is super tastey and not too thick which is great for french fries. 
I will definitely go back and try their hamburgers next time but I will can't wait to eat more of their friends.Pretty good place for a quick bite, we usually don't like chain restaurants but we were late for a city tour so we stopped in for a quick breakfast sandwich. People were friendly, service fast, and good for fast food. Ate on the way to the tour and its on Bourbon St so it's convenient.Without a Doubt, The most HORRIBLE experience EVER!!!!!  The Most HATEFUL employees I've EVER EVER EVER encountered.  Ordered 30 dollars worth of food, realized that I'd ordered one too many drinks and immediately corrected myself.  The lady behind the register informed me she couldn't back the drink out of the register and I was stuck with it.  After trying to plead my case to her that I had no use for this extra drink, she looked at me in the eye and said "You know you're in the wrong, right?"  I've NEVER been so insulted in my life!  Defintely Won't EVER be going back there!  What large fast food chain of that size in the French Quarter doesn't have a manager on duty?  Absolutely Absurd!!We often bring family and friends to NOLA for vacations. It never fails for a few of them to overdo it on their first.m night in. After one of those nights, we happened upon this place. It totally hit the spot for those who needed a quick breakfast and something solid in their stomachs. The chicken breakfast sandwiches were amazing!Stopped in here after my first night on Bourban Street. It was actually pretty decent! I remember eating a lot and craving it months later, but I will admit I wasn't sober and it only got worse after...Rude employees. No respect or courtesy given to customers. We will never go back when in town.I haven't had one of these in 15 years until last week. Thank you, Krystal on Bourbon Street, for helping me remember how awful my 15 cheeseburger binges in my youth were. I have moved on from you to In n Out Burger.Drunk on bourbon ?? Don't come here .
Even when completely plastered drunk my taste buds knew this burger was bad . The fries didn't save the situation either . Please go somewhere else since there is literally, endless options .(Note: this review is for night time/early morning, sober/daytime is one star. )
After living in Louisiana for 28 years and moving away, when I come back  to visit I have very little time to try new things or research trends in cuisine that have changed since I last lived here. Now, I'm like all of the other denizens of Bourbon Street: I'm drunk, I'm hungry, I don't want to think, I don't want to exert any effort, and I want what I ate when I was 22 years old when I was on the exact same st. Who wants to waste time researching munchies at 2 am? Nobody. Just go to Krystal. No one remembers what it tastes like anyway. And don't forget to exaggerate the amount: ie- tell people you had 8 sliders when you really had 6...etc.Yes, they are little burgers which are bad for your health. I'm pretty sure everything on Bourbon street is bad for your health. Bathroom access requires the counter girl to buzz you in, but after two visits I'd like to report that while the bathrooms are not spotless, they are surprisingly clean, which is I'm sure an amazing feat for this location.