Absolutely love this place!!! It is also the closest to true Japanese cuisine that you can find in the New Orleans area. Now if they would only add nishime to the menu I'd be ecstatic! I will always come back here over an over again, it's my "go to" Japanese restaurant.Sushi is fresh and delicious! Their Udon soup is also great but careful, it's super hot and you may need some ice so you don't wait 20 minutes for it to cool down. 
The staff is super friendly, and helpful. 
Looking forward to my next lunch break here.The sushi is amazing and tasty. We took reviewers advice and ordered the Desiree. Yum! The Who Dat roll was fantastic too. Philly, crawfish and rainbow were yummy. The lemon slices between each slice on the rainbow was a very tasty addition I've never seen before. We ordered 5 rolls and ended up taking home leftovers. Very generous portion. The staff was very friendly with our little one at 11mo. Absolutely coming back again.One of my top choices for sushi. Like Kris A. said below...the funky margarita roll is where its at! I get that one almost every time.The seafood is always fresh. Only negative is that it gets packed fast during their lunch rush.Didn't care too much for the fried tofu.....Silken tofu was used and wasn't at all browned.  Veggie roll only had a smudgeon of avocado even though it was listed as one of the ingredients.  Sorry but the cutting corners was at the expense of food quality.  Service decent, clean restaurant but not the best food.This is an amazing place. Chef at the sushi bar very knowledgeable about Japanese cuisine. He just gave me a dish that he put to get himself some whitefish yellowfin tuna with avocado mango cucumber in a cucumber roll.The unforgettable roll is AMAZING!!! Also,  the sorbets are served in the hollowed out skins of the fruit and are delicious!!! Can't go wrong with anything here.Very good sushi! Yummy.. We never had a bad experience. Sushi is always fresh. Nice staff and fair prices.Food were made fairly quickly, which was great. However, the rolls were poorly wrapped and unevenly cut. Mediocre sushi and rolls. There's better around the city.The only plus I can say about this restaurant was the complimentary noodle salad. 
Our waitress was horrible. She never checked on us after our food was brought out. She seemed like she just didn't want to be there. The rolls were too big. Personally, I like to enjoy the piece in one bite. Overall, it was just ok sushi, I've had better. The service is what really makes me not want to go back.LOVE this place--best in the city!  I always order an extra noodle salad (they're made from green beans!  Low carb!), seaweed salad & spring rolls. The Desiree roll is gigantic and has it all, and I order that often too. I think the other is the black & gold roll--I'm a huge fan of roe and its pop pop pop! in my mouth. 
The only thing I don't recommend is the yakisoba, which I think is made more complex than it needs to be. Otherwise, this is the place to eat yourself stupid on fantastic Japanese food. Bento boxes are huge and the shrimp tempura excellent as well.Good sushi place, one of the rolls I got was not really that good, but it was more because of the texture over the taste. I would recommend they have some very interesting rolls that I want to try.What a little hidden gem! Went last night before catching a movie at Elmwood Palace and loved everything I got. It was a pretty good crowd for 8:30 on a Monday night and our server was great. The miso soup was solid and the sushi was all amazing. I was a little thrown that some rolls were not explained on the menu that were on the sushi check list, but everything I got was great. We did the Funky Margarita roll (spicy tuna covered with tuna/salmon and guacamole), Tabo roll (HUGE roll with four pieces of crawfish/shrimp tempura/white fish/tuna/salmon/and like ten other amazing things), tuna roll, and two pieces of white fish sushi. It was all awesome, albeit a little messy in an amazing way. And the bill only set me back a little under forty for two starving goobers- so I was very happy considering how much we got. Will definitely return!The restaurant is located in a small strip mall. I walked I in and was told to sit anywhere I liked. I should have sat at the sushi bar but say at a table instead. I ordered the Desiree roll and it was fantastic. It fell apart kind of easy but the taste made up for it. I could have easily eaten my fill of just that roll. I moved away from the sushi a and such which was a mistake. I ordered the chicken teriyaki and when I got it I was disappointed. The food was presented well on a hot skillet and looked tasty but it was all rather bland. I ate about half of the dish and left. I would go back but stick to sushi and sushi items only.The rolls here are a really good size for the price. I feel like rolls are getting smaller and prices are getting higher in all the sushi restaurants in the city, but this place still have really big portions.Great sushi!  I've been eating at this restaurant for years & never been disappointed .  The sushi is always fresh, exceptionally good tuna, and always willing to make any kind of special rolls & dishes.  Very friendly waitstaff.Great, great sushi.  Love the Desiree roll and the rainbow roll and everything else I've ever eaten there.  Some of the best sushi in town.I think the problem with the slow service is that this place, not unlike many others, schedules too few waiters for the night. The meals are delicious and the rolls are interesting, inventive, and tasty. If you can't sit down and wait then don't go, but if you enjoy sushi and have time for a nice relaxing evening, this is the place.Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try for girls night. I started off with the crab rangoons which were delicious. For my meal I had the No Name roll. It is a soy paper roll with various types of fish in it. It was huge, I couldn't finish. Very yummy. Fast and friendly service. Reasonably priced.The sushi rice was so mushy and the I barely tasted the crab meat inside. It was not a well composed piece of sushi...easily fell apart. Will not be back!Large cuts of purple-y tuna (always a good sign) and nice pours on the drinks.  No need to give them less than a 4-star spot.  Let's consider this like wine ratings; price is taken into consideration.I hadn't eaten at K2 in years until today. My wife and I stopped by there for a quick lunch and it was excellent. 
I had the Sashimi Lunch and my wife had the Lunch Combo. Great value for the price and the quality of the fish was superb. 
I will definitely make a point to go here again even though its not near my house. Totally worth the drive.I'm sad to say that I think they're quality has declined. I've been to this location over the years and I'm afraid the attention to quality and detail is not there any more.
It's still an OK choice if you want rolls (and everything I ordered on my last visit was cooked...for the invalid I was delivering to/eating with). The snowcrab tasted mostly like mayo. the crunchy roll was blah. The veggie rolls were good though.
Bonus points for the staff at the bar who was very sweet to my niece while we waited for our takeout.My fiancée and I stop in here at least 2 times a month for Friday date night. We just can't get enough! The food here is to die for! The fish is fresh, the beer is cold, and the staff are friendly. We usually start off with either a cold noodle salad or a squid/seaweed salad. Both are delicious and we usually get one of each and share.
We usually get between 3 and 4 rolls to split between us. I highly recommend the Funky Margarita with spicy crawfish. It is killer. The fresh fish combined with the avocado and spicy crawfish hits the spot for me every time. 
As for alcohol, I recommend the cold unfiltered saké or a large Kirin. Both will quench your thirst and give you just the right amount of buzz.Yummy sushi! Been here several times and the food has always been delicious! Highly recommend.HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE BEST SUSHI RESTRUANT IN THE AREA!!!!! always fresh. rolls are bigger than all the other sushi restraints I have been to and they do not use cream cheese to fill their rollsGreat sushi spot in a hidden location in Elmwood. The Desiree and Sashimi roll are awesome. Sit at the sushi bar for a great experience with a friendly staff. Seafood salad is a treat to start your meal. One on my favs.I have been going to Kyoto 2 for a while and it has maintained a very good quality of food and service. They serve great rolls and fresh sushi. The deal is I usually go for is the Chirashi lunch. Miso soup, salad, assorted fish and rice for 15 bucks. I recommend the Steve Roll, Desire roll, and they also do a pretty good rock n roll. The downside is I feel they don't have a huge variety of rolls. From the kitchen I recommend the Agedashi tofu and the Udon soup.Very large menu. They have the best noodle salad ever. This is my go to low cost place. The service is friendly and the place is clean.Great food. Great waiter. From the complimentary noodle salad to the fresh sushi. The Sara Roll is just like the now closed Kyoto on Prytania, Desiree Roll is really good and the standbys like Rock n Roll and Salmon Box don't disappoint.We discovered this place out of desperation one day while shopping at elmwood and I'm very happy we did.
The staff is always very nice and the food is very tasty.  They have really inventive specials and greta vegetarian options... not just a veggie roll.  I wish they had inari because I know they would do a great job.  (I wish anybody in this city would do inari)
As always I recomend the desiree roll, box salmon... and they have hands down the best noodle salad around.
I always leave full and happy and usually with leftovers, which is always a good thing, and not too much poorerSome if the beat sushi. The sushi chef is hands down one of the best. My 11 year old son and I eat there all the time and the sushi chef accommodates us or should I say my son to the fullest. Margarita Roll, soft shell crab roll, spicy tuna, and the unforgettable is hands down awesome!!! I will not look for a different place because this place is great. Noodle salad rocks as well!The snow crab is drowned in very pungent mayonnaise. We made the mistake of ordering 4 of our 5 rolls with snow crab, and they were totally inedible.
Pretty gross sushi. But the waitress was really nice!Have you ever been to a sushi bar that was out of rice? I had that We arrived at Kyoto at 9:10 Saturday evening. We were greeted by a friendly host. Seated promptly, brought menus. Our waiter then informed us that they were out of sushi rice, but we could have our sushi made with unseasoned brown rice since the chef did not want to make more sushi rice. We were greatly disappointed. I seriously doubt I will be dining here again. There are too many other good sushi restaurants in the area.Love this place!!! The best sushi rolls and especially the stuffed mushrooms with the house sauce!!! Definitely a fave lunch spot :)Really like this place! I've been there many times. The salmon dinner with a side of edamame is my favorite. Also really like the teriyaki and miso soup. Very popular for lunch as well as dinner. 
MUCH BETTER than Sake Cafe down the street!
Great, friendly service and also very clean.good fast service!
I recommend the deseree roll!
it's good.. even though I may or may not be spelling it rightYou can tell from the taste that the restaurant makes the food with heart. The food is fresh and authentic. It's the best Japanese restaurant I have tried in New Orleans. Definitely will go again！I have ordered to- go orders from here off and on for several years. I live pretty close. Last night was the last. First off, on the way home, I'm smelling "fishy", not a good thing with sushi. Then, at home, I open my tuna tataki ginzon, it is tuna and cucumber, no avacodo, no ponzu. Just dry. I  took the entire order back, got a refund. No "I'm sorry", no nothing. I guess the main reason I have ordered there is proximity to my house. Next time I will drive by on the way to  Sake Don on Jefferson Hwy.Authentic Japanese food from a Japanese chef. A great specialty rolls selection. Sushi rolls are ginormous. The Margarita roll has a refreshing avocado topping, u can get it with half crawfish and half spicy tuna. I also got the baked seafood appetizer. Its baked to perfection in a house cream egg sauce. Give it a try and u will order it everytime u come here!Only giving two stars simply because I've just had better sushi. The chicken teriyaki was way over priced too. I think it was $14 for some strips of chicken over lettuce and sauce on top. I was also a little aggravated that they sat us at the very front next to the bar and front entrance when the entire restaurant was empty. The staff was friendly though.This is seriously good sushi.  They have a few different rolls than the other New Orleans places and are a WAY better value.  We got our usual sushi order of a couple crunchy rolls and a couple specialty rolls and took more than half of it home because the rolls are that big.  As other reviewers have mentioned, they also serve a complimentary noodle salad when you arrive--yes please!
Quality is on par with other places in town, maybe a little better (we didn't get any sashimi last time).  They also go above and beyond on service.  Our server was on a first name basis with several groups that walked in and brought extra eel sauce and spicy mayo without our asking.  Some people might find this presumptuous, but even though we didn't need the sauce, that's the kind of service I like!  The chefs are very fast and friendly--if you ever feel like the chef is judging your sushi palate, you won't feel that way here.
If you're looking for a good dinner and a movie place near Elmwood or just somewhere without a crowd, but with great food for a great value, I strongly recommend coming here.This is one of the two of my favorite  Japanese restaurants of those I've tried in New Orleans. I eat here at least once a week. The atmosphere is open, clean and pleasant.  they seat you and provide a hot towel to freshen up, and a complimentary serving of bean thread noodle salad in a dressing of mayonnaise, sesame oil, is slightly sweet, but slightly sour. it is delicious and addictive.
Their sushi has always been fresh, the  tempura is done perfectly, is hot crisp and is never greasy like many of the others.  I've tried most of the items on the menu. 
The two roll combo for lunch is a favorite and comes with miso soup, a small green lettuce salad with carrot dressing, two sushi rolls, and a couple of slices of orange. I always take half of the rolls home for dinner, so it's a good amount of food. The bento boxes are also a lot if food; I've had the teriyaki chicken and salmon, which are a good combination of sweet and soy-ey.
They have a good selection of specialty sushi rolls, but I find the fried ones, and ones mixed with mayonnaise to be too rich. I like the "Steve" roll and in general I like the rolls that are plain fish with vegetables or other "unmixed" additions rolled into them. 
The two tataki appetizers (grilled teriyaki steak wrapped into coils or wrapped around asparagus) are well flavored, as is the scallops grilled in a cheese sauce and served in a huge clamshell. Will add more info on additional dishes.Noodle salad!
Great convenient location when out shopping in elmwood or before a movie makes this solid sushi place definitely worth a try. 
As a vegetarian they have some good options including the spring roll. However unlike the spring roll at the kyoto in uptown this one comes with crab, so make sure and specify without if you are a veggie.Really good food the unforgettable roll and the no name roll have a lot in it and fill you up really fast, the people are really nice and it is really good for familyI was the only one in the restaurant at 4:00 in the afternoon. That is a real shame. 
The service is solid, and the food was pretty good. I had the California and Dynamite rolls. These are some good size rolls. They were a bit warm, I dont know if this is their style or what. The best part was the roe in the California Roll. They didnt skimp and you could tell. 
The pre sushi noodles are super good. I tried the fried bananas, they were OUTSTANDING. The chef or cook is great!
The restaurant was clean and in a nice location. I will go again.Out of all the East Asian restaurants I have been to, this is the best one I have been too. Everything I have ordered has been good. I mainly go there for their sushi and crab ragoon. Service is good and nice environment.LOVED it tonight~ Lowell was a great server~Points for the complimentary sesame noodles and rad art hanging in the bathroom. Sushi was not good. Someone got the clever idea to put lemon wedges in my rainbow roll and all I could taste was lemon, and my tamago sushi was WAY too sweet. Yikes.Solid sushi, very good service, in a pleasant space in a strip mall next to Reginelli's and a couple of other places. 
This is one of our go-to places if we're doing dinner-and-a movie at AMC Elmwood - conveniently, it's a block away, and service is reliably efficient.I don't even know where to start with his terrible experience. I just had a quick dinner at this restaurant where I had the WORST SERVICE EVER. I was seated at the sushi bar and was not offered a menu or drink. The female sushi chef took my order and then yelled at the person at the bar 3 times to bring me a menu. I ordered a "to go" order and told her I would also be dining in. Because I ordered the "to go" order first, that's what I was given first, and bc this was sushi, this concerned me. I asked the chef to place it in the refrigerator until I was done. First, she said okay and my sushi sat on the bar. I asked again and she told me no. Well, then I was served my order, which was incorrect by another sushi chef, (I ordered 2 orders and was given one), which turned out to be okay, because it was not very good. Then I asked the second sushi chef to please put my "to go" sushi in the cooler while I ate. He didn't understand what I was taking about and told me to put it with my vegetables when I get home. At this point, I was ready to leave, which was good bc they already brought me my check without me asking. It was the first time I saw a waitress during my visit. I quickly placed my card down and then went to the restroom. When I came back, the totaled check was there, with no pen, of course. I asked the female sushi chef for a pen and she handed me a pencil. I was like "ah, hell to the NO am I filling out your tip with a pencil". I was like "I'm sorry, but I really need a pen!"  Then she and the waitress got into an argument, in front of me, about why I didn't receive a pen. Jesus H Christ already. This was a terrible experience. The food was, at best, as good as gas station sushi and I will not be back. How hard is it to just do what the customer is asking for. Never again.yeah well. the food is good but...they always get my order wrong. it seems they upgrade without my permission.  i order a 6 roll and they bring a 12 order.  it is ridiculous.  this place brings in a lot of clients.  the food is not good enoughKyoto2 is a little gem in Harahan! The food is always amazing and the owner is always on hand to offer yummy suggestions or tell about some off menu creation!
They are super kid friendly and always have sporting events on tv!My favorite sushi.  I've had Ninja, Shogun, Sake, Little Tokyo, Hana's, and more, but after my recent discovery of this place I'm putting it at the top.  I'm not as much into large amounts of raw fish (I like some, but not as the center of my meal), so I'd recommend the Sara, crawfish, and rock and roll as some of the basic, low-cost rolls that are the best variations of each roll I've had.  The noodle salad is also my favorite of its kind.  
I've only been twice, but I will be back often.  I've seen some specialty rolls that look really good.  If you're a sushi fan, give this place a try--just look behind the AMC movie theater, back on Citrus Blvd, right by Reginelli's.I think the deal with the 2 Kyotos (Elmwood & Uptown) is that they were at one time owned by the same folks, but not any longer. Still they have very similar menus, but I found some of the rolls much blander at this location. The rainbow had a very mild snowcrab center versus the spicy one uptown. A nice addition to the Elmwood menu was the mango & seafood salad in ponzu sauce. I would definitely order that again...without squid (can't get over the texture).
Still the location was convenient and the service was excellent. My family rushed in 15 minutes before closing and ordered a ton of food and they were really nice about it and didn't hussle us out the door.
Even though it's in a strip mall, they have done a good job making it a more elegant space.One of the best sushi places in the greater New Orleans area is actually an innocuous little spot off of citrus in elmwood.  The rolls here are not expensive, and they are very generous with the ingredients.  The staff and manager Paul are always very friendly, and the sushi chefs are very friendly as well.  Complementary noodle salad when you sit down, a nice little touch that makes this place noticeably different than a lot of other joints out there.  Their chirashi sushi bowl is mind-blowing.  Split it with someone for a really cheap meal with a ton of sushi.  Highly recommended!  Huge iced green teas, with unlimited refills.  Hits the spot!This is our favorite sushi place for lunch when rock n sake and Kyoto on prytania are not available options.  The funky margarita roll is awesome with tuna.  Apparently the owner of Kyoto on Prytania sold this location around Katrina time and the current owner of Kyoto 2 kept the name.  The hamachi Kama was small and some of the server recommendations were just OK but everything was good enough to stop us from going back to Sake Cafe(thank goodness) for our daytime sushi fix.Kyoto 2 is my favorite! I love the servers there ! Ask for Kristen .shes awesome! The sake is wonderful and so is the spring rolls!!Close enough to the Elmwood Shopping Center to be a great place, yet just far enough away to not be too crowded, this is located in a small strip mall that has plenty of parking. The staff are friendly, you are greeted promptly when you come in.
They have a large menu to choose from. I ordered my usual sushi items and was surprised at how large the rolls were. I could not finish it all.
The crab rangoons were fresh and delicious. Every thing was clean inside, as were the restrooms. They were so busy buy nothing fell thru the cracks at all.By far one of the best sushi restaurants in town. Love the funky margarita. No one else can get this right. Stuffed mushrooms are beyond tasty. Food is super fresh and the staff is super nice.Legit lunch spot. I would return. The rolls are good and portioned on the large size. Good lunch specials, good service.This place has some of the freshest and best tasting sushi in the area. I love coming here.I love Kyoto 2! The sushi is always fresh and well displayed. The rolls are huge and stuffed for an amazing price. I typically go for lunch and get the 2 roll combo (2 rolls, soup, salad, and noodles) which cost 9.82 after tax! Personally, I find the sushi to be fresher than Tsunami and the miso is tastier.  The service is quick and the staff is friendly! Please visit if you're in Harahan.Up there with the best sushi in the N.O. area.
The service is usually good, and if not, if you let them know, they will make every effort to make you comfortable. 
The food is DELICIOUS - consistently fresh fish.  Great sashimi - Salmon, Tuna, Yellowtail, and "white tuna" being their best selections. Their Chirashi is one of the best values in town (especially at lunch) - be prepared to fill up on it.  Good value lunch menu.  Good special rolls, too.  Love the noodle salad!Probably my new favorite sushi joint in the whole area and by far! The rolls are not only stuffed and huge, but rolled tight so that they don't fall apart even though they are so big. 
The complimentary noodles that come with any order are delicious, especially with a little soy sauce mixed with it. I ordered the lunch roll combo (2 dynamite rolls) which also comes with a miso soup and a ginger dressing salad. The miso soup came out very hot and the salad had plenty dressing. I also ordered salmon egg sushi topped with quail eggs which were the perfect size and delicious. Not only were the rolls huge but you can tell that the fish and vegetables are very fresh. 
If I had to find any con for this place, the only issue can be parking around lunch time. The two parking lots get packed due to several popular restaurants all sharing the same lots. The service was great and I will be back again and again for sure!Doesn't even deserve a one star! have been eating here for years and today went to pick up my order (which was wrong) called very nicely to let them know they gave me the wrong rolls and the girl (Ki Ki) put the phone down and told the manager this is the lady that calls all the time to complain...NOTE: I have never complained before.  SO COMPLETELY RUDE.  will never order from here again.  the manager picked up the phone and was also so rude saying he was busy with order, etc.This is my absolute favorite Japanese restaurant!! The owner is Japanese which is a HUGE plus! He takes pride in the dishes that he serves. The food is always cooked to perfection and delicious! Not to mention a work of art!This place is great! Sushi is fresh and the rolls are a great size and very inventive. I always get the Desiree roll (completely fried sushi roll goodness) and a Steve roll (completely not fried, fresh tuna, snowcrab and avocado with awesome spicy roe on the outside). 
Adding to this, the service is usually great as well, especially if Patrick is your server (a. k. a. the friendliest guy on the planet).  It can get really busy there, especially at lunch time, so a few times I've been it kind of felt like our waiter forgot about us. But this is a no frills - get some good sushi kind of place- and I will keep coming back!Friendly staff.  Welcoming environment.  Roll was fresh and tasty, but nothing memorable.  But, the friendly environment makes up for it.The food is always great. Luisa is always the best server; she's so sweet and always takes great care of all of her customers! Love this place so much, definitely my go-to. Come here just for Luisa, she really brightens up the room with her smile, her grace, and her hue of the week. She is truly Miss United States.lunch specials are great, but i always end up bypassing them because their specialty rolls are so good, especially the desiree roll. they do tend to make the rolls large, but just asking them to cut into smaller pieces helps. i also love the complimentary noodle salad! all in all, i feel like we get a good amount of quality food for good prices.
in general, the wait staff has always been friendly, accurate, attentive, and accommodating.Before coming here, the only place I would get sushi from was Cherry Blossom and I went there for years. I was so hesitant to go anywhere else, but I finally decided to try this place and now, I wish I would have switched a year ago. Everything I have tried, I have liked. The restaurant is clean and the employees are all polite and friendly. The rolls are big and they aren't packed with rice and the fish is always very clean and fresh. They have all the traditional rolls and their speciality rolls are unique. I haven't had a complaint yet. The only downside is the appetizers - they are so good but they are on the expensive side for the amount they serve. Either way, I've been coming here for a few months now. If you haven't been, you won't be disappointed.I always come here for my sushi. Friendly people great good. 2 rolls for 9$ during lunch. You can't beat that. :)This is a pretty decent sushi place. I am definitely a sushi snob so to get four or more stars, they would have to be excellent which unfortunately they are not. I love the noodle salad they serve with your meal. It's delicious. The sushi is good but not great but having said that, I've eaten here quite a few times because it's in my neighborhood. They have a great sushi lunch special where you get 2 rolls, salad, soup and noodle salad for $9. Great deal.Yoshi is amazing! (Owner and chef) everything is amazing and big portions. You will not be dissapointed.I have had the pleasure of dining with Yoshi for many many years.  After Hurricane Katrina I had moved to California.  Every now and again we would stop in at Kyoto 2 for sushi.  It always amazed me how Yoshi never failed to remember me even though quite a bit of time had passed in between visits.  The sushi is consistently good.  Yoshi can make several dishes not on the menu if you simply tell him what your fish preferences are.  The rest of the staff are just as accommodating. Small, intimate sushi joints are much more preferable to me than the larger, crowded establishments.  Personal choice here. The 5 star rating is for the many years of service as Sushi Chef Yoshi! Always a delightful experience!Absolutely perfect for a family dinner.  We all love sushi (including the kids) and this place did not disappoint.  The kids loved the noodle salad.
Everything was expertly prepared and tasted great.  On top of that... They had large portions.  We were able to select less expensive rolls and feed a family of 5 for $60 plus tip.  And that included a beer and two orders of Ikura.  
Can't wait to come back for the lunch special later this week.Kyoto Two is tucked away, almost out of sight, in a strip mall on Citrus. If you're not looking for it you can miss it. Even if you are looking for it you might miss it anyway. If you did, you'd be missing a nice place to get  sushi in Harahan.
First impressions always count, so being served a complimentary bowl of noodle salad (similar to what you get at Mikimoto on Carrolton) while I look at the menu is nice. Sure, it's a tiny tasting size bowl, but I like it.
I go for lunch and get their "sushi lunch" special. That's miso, salad, five pcs of sushi cut nice and large (shrimp, crab, white fish, smoked salmon, and tuna), four pieces of tempura vegetables (two onion rings, sweet potato, and broccoli), plus your choice of California roll or tuna roll. I always get the tuna roll. All that for $13 after tax is a good deal in my book.
I've also had their "spring roll". Being a big fan of Vietnamese I had to see what their take on the spring roll would be like. It's interesting, that's for sure. It's mostly crab and seaweed, both of which I like. The miso dipping sauce is just the right salty and has a good flavor. It's pretty filling, so share it with a friend.This little sushi joint occupies a rather innocuous location just behind the AMC Movie Theater in the Elmwood shopping center. It doesn't have much going for it in terms of appearance but it definitely makes up for it with its food and the friendliness of its staff. I came in a group of three in quite a hurry due to the fact that we had to be at a showing of Rembrandt's artwork at AMC and had only an hour to eat. The staff were so accommodating when they overheard us talking about our plans. They expedited the service to us and even offered to keep our food for us if we didn't want to leave it in the car. They told us just to swing by and pick it up on our way out!
 Plus! They had some of the best ginger salad dressing that we had come across. The shrimp tempura that we ordered was nicely battered and very fresh and perfectly crispy without being dry. The sushi rolls were very large, some of the largest I have seen. Yet, they were very tasty and visually appealing. They get four starts from me for service and good food.