-went for brunch with friends in town from DC
-had almond croissants/coffee/chocolate cake(can't remember name)
-good but not the same as when owned by French baker
-croissants were good but not French
- would go again but not go out of way to get thereThe baguettes are inexpensive and great.  I just ate two sandwiches back to back because they are so good.  This place is top notch.So disappointed. This was our go-to breakfast spot since we live around the corner and it used to be delicious. Went there this morning after their reopening (under new ownership) and were completely let down. Not only do they not carry some of our favorites (including the small brioche - what French pastry place doesn't have a brioche?!), but what they did have was not good at all. We got a plain croissant and a chocolate croissant. Both were dry and flavorless. The chocolate croissant's ends were rock hard. And everything was smaller than their previous versions. We didn't try them, but the tarts, which used to be gorgeous (and delicious), looked so terrible. They used to have beautiful raspberry and blackberry tarts with a perfect sugar coating, but this morning they offered ugly, unappealing strawberry and orange(!) tarts. So unappealing that we couldn't even justify spending the money to try them. We will give it one more try - hopefully they are working out their kinks and we can update this with a rave review. Please, please go back to the old recipes!!!!!!I went to La Boulangerie for breakfast at 7 am. I was surprised that breakfast wasn't available. Although there were a couple of signs full of sandwiches, they weren't available yet. They open at 6 but the "sandwich guy" doesn't get there until 7. What?? Really?? Very disappointing. Pie planning on heir part. They said it would be 30 minutes. Business lost.Sadly, I have to agree with my uptown neighbors. New management has changed the recipes and offerings and La Boulangerie is no longer worth patronizing. We used to walk here all the time for genuine French pastries which I haven't seen anywhere else (chausson aux pommes being the prime example) but they have eliminated those in favor of overly sweet, mass produced items with "wider appeal". I really hoped they had just changed the look and efficiency (both of those are fine still) but the food is not the same and I'm genuinely depressed about it.10 days ago I would have told you that the Boulangerie was the best bakery in the city, possibly my favorite ever. Now they are under new ownership and recipes have changed. I am not one to post bad reviews but i am extremely sad about this and hope that some recipes can be changed back. While the change in management has brought some great new aspects, like the deli, it seems that they have changed bread recipes and the almond croissant recipe. The almond croissant now tastes like something from an airport cafe. If youd like to change the recipe Im all for it but please dont make it sub par and just as expensive.Ridiculously good.    Not here 24 hours and I'm back for the 2nd time.   Perfect croissant, biscotti that can only be described as rich, oatmeal raisin cookies that I'll need to take home, good service.   Seating outside and in air conditioned splendor, wifi password available on request.    Take a load off while strolling Magazine.Last December I wrote a review for this bakery which had just been bought and the baked goods were not what we were all used to.  I want to update this review as of 4/24/2016 to say that I went there morning, a Sunday at 7am and all of the baked goods were out and they were ready for business.  The almond croissant was wonderful, the lemon pastry was very good...it was a pleasant surprise and vastly improved with very good baked goods....anyone disappointed in the last few months should try again - you will like it.....
There was only one very small irritant and that was a women behind the counter who when I said my husband has an allergy to nuts explained about 20 times about the possibility of cross contamination and I had to tell her to please stop talking.......
Otherwise - a wonderful experience I am happy to say.OK. Really it's a fine bakery. It's just... I miss the old shop. The one with rich but not too sweet pastries... now the tasted are sweeter and probably more in line with what the general American public wants. 
I haven't seen the French style king cakes here. And the recipe for the NOLA style are the same ones from Cochon Butcher. 
They've expanded their sandwich selection too AND added ice cream. Phew. There's a lot going on in this shop.
The decor is minimal and still lovely. Not much has changed from the previous owners. There's a small amount of seating but I mostly take out. 
Solid bread selection.Literally the best croissants I have ever had in my life, I am still searching for a replacement as I am not a local. I went everyday during my trip and even got two on my last day, eating both on the drive home. I didn't try the coffee, although my friends were not big fans. All you need to know is: croissants.Sad to see how quickly the new ownership ruined this gem. The Ham & Cheese croissant was half the size it used to be and lost the creamy texture that made it great. The baguette that was formerly the highlight of the Parisian sandwich (ham, cheese, pickles) was awful -- tasted bland and had no crunch. Almond croissant was frosted (?) and lacked the delicious almond filling that gave it so much of its flavor. Did they buy it at the airport?
We'll try it again in a month. Maybe they will right the ship. Otherwise, time to say RIP to the La Boulangerie that gave us so many great weekend memories. Sad.If your headed for a walk down Magazine street towards Audubon park make it a point to stop in here and grab a few goodies that will make your taste buds sing and your trip to the park that much better. We did and boy were we pleased.... Once you walk in you are taken back by the aroma of all the freshly baked goods they have to offer. From fresh baguettes, tasty filled croissants, and the mind blowing sandwiches they are sure to have whatever your tummy craves. I know our tummies were pleased with our choices...I just had today what has to be the worst croissant of my lifetime. The pillsbury doughboy bakes better. I had not been since the ownership transition out of fear, but figured that they might have figured out by now that new is not always improved. It was tough and chewy where the croissants were once buttery and flaky. It lacked flavor, as did the new interior. Maybe the rustic interior didn't conform to the corporate schema, but it was far preferable to the cool and impersonable look that it has now. Who wants that in a bakery?! The extra star is hoping that you will use those original recipes that you bought from the original, masterful pastry chef.The croissant was unbelievable and the quiche was extraordinary!! Had to go in and out, wish I could have spent more time!!Had a short business trip to New Orleans and stopped in for lunch. New Orleans food isn't my favorite (I don't do spicy, any sort of sea food, or much fried food). This was MY kind of place to eat - fresh, good ingredients, and simple). I had a turkey sandwich and it was the best food I had in New Orleans my entire trip. I treated myself to a strawberry ice cream cone and it was delicious.This is one of the nicer french bakeries in NOLA and they offer a really full range of pastry, breads and other goodies. They even have these great ham and cheese sandwiches made on their own baguettes. The service for more exotic coffee drinks may be a little slow but it all seems to work out. During carnival season they even have French King Cakes! My favorites are the croissants especially the chocolate ones. Its a little on the pricy side but everything is a step up from anything else you'd find in the city.We were staying nearby from out of town and happened upon La Boulangerie. Neither of us knew the original La Boulangerie nor are we baked good snobs so we had no idea what to expect. That said, La Boulangerie is a nice stop in the morning to grab some treats and coffee before starting your day. Inside are tasty-looking baked goods that feel polished and satisfying. But don't expect to be blown away. Sit outside and enjoy some shade! It'll taste better.
* Cream Cheese Danish - the star of our visit with crispy and flaky crust.
* Banana Walnut Muffin - great nutty crunch on top and a pinch of sweetness, slightly dry (swoon) and a little dense.
* Salted Carmel Eclair - somehow unbalanced, hardly salty or carmel-y while the cream overpowered everything else. However, I have no clue what a good eclair is supposed to taste like.
* Strawberry Tart was very refreshingly creamy with a crisp slightly sweet crust.
* Black drip coffee was simply ok. I drink a lot of black single-origin coffee and didn't find theirs to taste like much of anything. Points for it not tasting burnt and over-extracted like many drip coffees.C'est bon!
I LOVE this place.  There are few other bakeries in town that offer a french pastry selection like La Boulangerie....and none that taste as good.  I usually get the cherry danish, which is always perfectly flaky and just sweet enough to compliment the tartness of the cherry...but never too sweet.  One time I got the flour-less chocolate cake and was blown away at how light it was.  I'm used to flour-less cakes being rather dense, but this was like eating chocolate air.  It was AMAZE-ing!We really enjoyed our breakfast here. Super cute and trendy Magazine street bakery. My family of four loved everything we had. The ham and cheese croissants are amazing. We also had the quiche Lorraine which we enjoyed. My five year old ate every bite of her cinnamon roll. Good coffee- free refills would be a plus.  the desserts we will have to go back for!It looks the same but under new management nothing tastes the same. The pastries are smaller and cost more. The baguette is nothing like the original. Maybe they have the recipes, but clearly the new staff doesn't have the technique. I've been a customer for more than a decade but no more. The place looks like it has been fancied up to appeal to tourists. The warmth and relaxed feel is gone. I won't be recommending it to friends anymore.Nice stop for latte and dessert. Lots of tables, a/c and busy but service is quick. I tried their cheese crackers, a bit of spice flavor, very addicting. The kids are swarming the ice cream caseI don't really understand the bad reviews! Came in to a very busy cafe at noon on a Sunday and was seated with my cappuccino and delicious breakfast pastry in under 10 minutes. Quick service, great selection and the staff is friendly. No point in ruining a businesses reputation just because you were attached to the old one.The best pastries in town! I'm not the biggest croissant fan in the world, but theirs are delicious. Wha I do love, they make the best-BREAD PUDDING. They give a lot for the price unlike some bakeries in town, and the consistency is perfect! It isn't too dry or too wet but perfectly balanced!
The staff is kind and knowledgeable! They are helpful and informative of their pasteurized and what's in it-- and they're great baristas too!
If you want a spot to sit and read, or have a small breakfast or snack it's perfect.
Even more perfect? They have a sandwiches menu!!!New Orleans, Louisiana ---
No"real" breakfast place found, so settled  for expensive coffee & croissant at a French pasty place ...
Cannot say the staff was bad, but sure did not give me "More Smiles Than I Came In With!" 
the coffee was rich & the flaky croissant was large, but a bit tough to bite into 
at least I have room for a Po-Boy lunch 
day 33 "DUSA 2017" (Discover USA) 
"Run-A-Way Bill" was here! 
03.27.17HOW THE MIGHTY HAVE FALLEN!
My visit to New Orleans one year ago included high praise for the only authentic French pastries I have found outside of the small village in France that I had visited. 
One year later I am visiting again and the wonderful French pastry with the raisins that was moist and delicious is not on their menu. The Paris Brest that I had was terrible and the chocolate chip cookie seem to be unbaked - showed no "melt" in the chocolate - it was heavy but neither soft nor crisp. 
Who is responsible for this outrageous turn of events?We live in uptown New Orleans and frequent many of the restaurants in our neighborhood.  Quite frankly this restaurant has the worst service of any establishment in the city.  The staff here is just plain rude. It's like the management requires mandatory training on how to treat customers poorly. I rarely write reviews, but I must warn potential customers.  Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else like St James Cheese Company nearby.What can I say. The food was OK the coffee tasted like dirt from a cow pasture and the prices where way more than I expected. I will not be going back. This place used to be soooooo much better than this.All delicious! Their croissants have the right amount of fillings, the bread is fresh. Small and intense desserts. Thank God they had an arugula salad on a street filled with deep fried food. Will definitely be back, no complaints at all! Even the prices are good for NOLA!Super friendly staff, tasty pastries, and a nice atmosphere. The coffee was really good and I love stopping in here in the morning and grabbing a nice croissant. It's my favorite bakery in town!I made a special trip across town to patronize La Boulangerie.  Don't make the same mistake!
I understand it is a Bakery/Patisserie and its first come first served until they run out, however it is also a business, and any business open for decades should have done better.  
The business is open till 6pm, yet I go there at 1pm and I cant get a Ham n Cheese Croissant. Sold Out!  Its lunch time!!  Ohh, and they had croissants sitting in the display case. Im also sure they had ham n cheese available, however if you order a Ham N Cheese, they are PREMADE at the beginning of the day, and I guess it is their policy to not accommodate a customer by making a simple sandwich.  
I wonder, how many days of the week they sell out and at what time, because you know what, with the right information perhaps they can decide to make x  more sandwich's on certain days, sell more, increase profits and PERHAPS even satisfy a customer. Novel ideas right.
I reluctantly purchased a chocolate croissant since I was there. I wasnt overly impressed with it either.
BTW, Croissant D'Or Patisserie in the French Quarter was sublime.The quality of this place has decreased tremendously since Mr. Link took control. It took 60 minutes for a cold turkey and ham sandwich to be made. There were only 3 other people in line. The staff looked like they had no clue what was going on. Food tastes OK. I had to ask for a free cookie and they obliged but attitudes were PP (piss poor).Nice food, poor service. They're so busy trying to shuffle people through the line they can't be bothered to listen to your order and don't seem to care when they've entered it incorrectly. You'd think an order of a breakfast sandwich and a loaf of 6 grain bread,  to go, would be pretty simple. Then the ultimate insult seemed to be my asking for a bag to take my to go order home. Nice food but there are plenty of other places to get baked goods and breakfast to put up with poor service and long lines.My wife and I were in town for the FQF and had some free time on Monday to venture the city. We just finished having poboys for lunch at JoeyK's on Magazine and wanted a sweet treat. Too bad Brocato's is closed on Monday. 
Since it was just a few doors down we decided to stop by Sucre. Plus we have been here before. Half the ice cream wasn't available and the service seemed snailed paced. So after some google searching we decided on La Boulangerie.
Though their baked goods looked exquisite we were there for dessert. We decided to really go at it. I had a scoop of coffee and mint choc chip ice cream and a mini hazelnut cheescake. My wife had the red velvet ice cream and a napoleon.
The coffee ice cream was pretty good. Had bits of choc cake mixed in. The mint cc was good with a fresh mint non artificial flavor but lacking some sweetness. The hazelenut cake was dry, crust hard to cut with fork and overly nutty with very little sweetness. 
My wife enjoyed her napoleon though it seem very soft and could use more cooler time to set and taste slightly eggy. The worst was the red velvet ice cream which she didn't eat after one bite. It taste like pure, slightly tart, cream cheese. 
The service was great, the place is clean but some desserts are ingrediently unbalanced. They should just stick to their namesake.As others have noted, La Boulangerie recently changed ownership, and the results have been very disappointing.
Until now, I went there for brunch every week, and my favorite food  was the quiche lorraine- they had a thin crisp crust, with a delicate moist egg/cheese and ham filling that fell somewhere between meringue and cheesecake in consistency.
After La Boulangerie reopened following the post-sale remodeling, I dropped by with cautious optimism for my usual quiche.  Unfortunately the recipe had changed for the worse-  the crust was much too thick and the actual filing was smaller.  The quiche filling was very dry and had an unimpressive lumpy scrambled egg texture.
The ham and cheese croissant was likewise afflicted- the old croissant recipe captured the ideal mix of flaky, crunchy, and chewy, with a soft cheesy filling and ham slices baked evenly through the pastry.  Now it's an excessively chewy croissant, with a single thin tube of ham and cheese running through the middle, leaving great expanses of boring plain chewy bread.  And to top it off, they raised the price!
It's not all bad- the staff are still quick and friendly, and the impressive tarts and cakes seem to be unchanged.  Still, I'm going to have to find a new brunch spot- La Boulangerie's pastries used to be the best in town, and now they're just barely okay.While waiting for the parade to start we kept smelling something WONDERFUL so we had to go in. The cheesecake tastes so fresh. I hate when I buy cheesecake and I can taste the refrigerator but, not in this place. A must try!This place has recently switched to new management and has fallen from good graces. The service was deplorable with much confusion amongst the MANY employees standing around. The latte I ordered came at least 10 minutes after ordering when no line of patrons was even there to steal attention. 
L'Atlantique sandwich I ordered was delicious but at a cost of $9.50, I was expecting a substantial portion. It was anything but....  It was smaller than a sandwich made from a standard lunch loaf and was gone in only a few bites. The same sandwich before management changed was enough to split between two people--the one I got today was barely enough to feed myself alone. 
Very disappointing...As I walked in I was bombarded by the awesome smells of the pastries and coffee.  I really wanted to try everything.  My wife had cheesecake and I had a almond peach turnover, we then split a breakfast sandwich.  Everything was sooooo good.  
This is near a friends apartment and when I go back to Nola I'm for sure stopping by.I used to love this place. The quality is getting worst every time I go in there. I will say they have great coffee, but the sandwiches and pastries are expensive for what you get. I always ordered the "Parisien" sandwich and they've since changed it.I eat here all the time. But today I had the best dessert I have ever had...a chocolate croissant bread pudding. It was just incredible. 
I normally get the smoked salmon sandwich, l'Atlantique. It's light and incredible.DONALD LINK YOU SHOULD READ: I come here all the time but I'm about to stop. It takes on average 20 minutes to get an order in. The line is simply too long and slow moving at all times, even slow times. I have seen many, many customers give up and leave. This is an unnecessary loss of clientele because there are 3 checkout stations, but usually only one being used. And the system in place doesn't work- one employee rings up and tells a separate employee the order, who in turn often tells a third employee the order, who in turn then has to recommunicate with the first person about what the order is.... it's absurd and the cause of the long line. There is an easy fix, but Link will probably have to step in to make it happen.I'm a native New Orleanian and a long time customer of La Boulangerie.  I used to love almost everything about this place.  They had arguably the best and most authentic French pastries and sandwiches in New Orleans. 
They now have new ownership (Herbsaint's owner?). Unfortunately, the new owners didn't have the good sense to leave something unique and almost perfect alone.  
Today I drove across town to get my favorite sandwich which I believe they use to call "le club",  only to discover that it has been permanently removed from the menu.
So I looked for my other favorite item -- the chocolate almond croissant. I remember how delicious the authentic ones were in Paris and how they used to be almost identical here.
Now, what's on display looks quite different, kind of like a normal croissant with chocolate drizzled on top as if it were made by Pepperidge Farm or Sara Lee, and not at all like the real thing.   But I wanted to be open minded and give it a try anyway.  That was a mistake. It was just a pale imitation of its former glorious self.  And that's being generous.
Another lovely and unique spot ruined. Oh well.First, I love Donald Link restaurants. He has some of the best in this city and he appears to care deeply about Nola. I thought the quality of La Boulangerie had been slipping the past year so I was thrilled when I heard Link was buying it. There was an opportunity to focus on better quality ingredients while keeping everything else that was working. 
Well that didn't happen. All of the recipes have been changed and the food is just awful. I didn't like the previous coffee but the new coffee is worse. Donald Link knows high quality food so not sure if he has even tried the new recipes.Was sent on a work errand to pick up two dozen pastries (no matter the cost!) So Uptown I went to the storied La Boulangerie to pick out the most decadent of carb filled treats. I've only had goodies from this bakery once before and was advised to go early in order to choose from the best selection. I arrived between 8:30-9am and there were plenty of choices. 
There's nothing more exciting than shopping without a budget! I brought back two different kinds of muffins, cranberry and chocolate churros, Danishes with candied orange, Everything bagels, lemon scones, apple turnovers, chocolate croissants and the list goes on!
I was rung up quickly once I let them know the size of my order. They started ringing after the first dozen was picked and I was working on the second. 
I returned to the office, the HERO, toting an enormous paper bag with three big boxes of sweets inside. I'm incredibly curious when it comes to the quality of such baked goods since I very rarely eat them, so I cut up tiny bites of just about everything I brought back so I could decide on my favorite. 
Overall, the Cheddar Chive Biscuit was the best thing of the day and I was sad when it was gone. Now I know what to go back for on visit number 2!This use to be my favorite breakfast spot! I'm very disappointed about the change in ownership. After vacationing in France for the summer I was so sad to say goodbye to delicious croissants, but then I found this gem and it was like being in a French pastry shop. I can no longer say that. I ordered the bacon quiche and it was dry and bland.My wife and we're visiting NO and luckily stumbled upon this place. One of the best, most authentic French bakeries this side of the pond. We were so happy when a thunderstorm opened up...it gave is an excuse to have another coffee and pastry.Best place in the city to get bread and pastries, hands down. Lines can be long in the morning on the weekends because everyone needs their croissant fix, but it moves reasonably quickly and the wait is worth it. My personal favorites are the butter croissant and organic sourdough. Jon raves about the baguettes and black currant scones.
Downside : this is a true French bakery and is closed during July.Nope. just, nope.
Since I lived near La Boulangerie, I frequented the place, especially for their almond croissants, which I *adored*. When I hear they were changing hands, I was quite upset until I heard it was the Donald Link Group (whom I also adore) and that they acquired the fabulous recipes.
My question is, so why don't they use them?
The new Almond Croissant looks picture perfect (which the old ones never did), but tastes ordinary (which the old ones never did!). The use a different almond paste, then cut the amount in the croissant to at most one-half. To hide the fact that the result is less flavorful, they drizzled it in cheap frosting. Too bad that "acquiring" the recipes doesn't mean they'll use them.
Lost a customer.The people working the counter are still very slow and borderline incompetent. There were at least 11 people working in the restaurant, but only 2 helping the customers. There were at least 3 employees standing around doing nothing while their thumb were stuck up their ass. And the line was out the door. 
The employees that I encountered all remind me of Donald Link himself..... Not Very Happy. If you know Donald, then you know how hard it is to get a smile from his very serious, stern face. His employees are the same way. They never smile and they don't care how many people are in line, they are going to take their sweet time and never ask the other employees for assistance. 
What this place needs is better management, if for anything, at least to train these kids on how to successfully move a line and to promote positive TEAM WORK. 
(To whomever is running this place--- Also, your computer system sucks. The counter-girl could never find any of the items on the screen and it was making a long process even longer! She was super frustrated. Go ask her about it.)
-I wrote this review this morning after having another bad experience while waiting in line at La Boulangerie. I reviewed it at two stars. However, after having a day to cool off, I will admit that the pastries are really good. I bumped it a star. 
I am still pissed at DL, because the Almost Croissant has never been the same as I remember. Its not terrible pastry,  It is just different from before. The regular croissants, the danishes, the pastries and two loaves of bread that I got were all fantastic. - Still is, nearly 11 hours later. But it doesn't excuse the horrible service in the restaurant this morning. 
Management needs a Plan of Action for when the line gets a certain length & Management also needs to make it EASIER for the customers to get their Sh!t and Leave. I was not the only unhappy person in line this morning. Everybody I was in line with seemed pissed at how slow and inefficient the staff was.Had the most common breakfast item here - The Bagel! 
Surprisingly even that tasted better than any bagel that I ever had. The latte was good too.
I'm into assumption now that nothing goes wrong here.
Will definitely pay a visit again when I visit NOLA next time.What happened to this place when link took it over?  This place used to be part of my morning ritual. The quiche lorraine was the BEST quiche in the world. Delicious, flaky crust, so tender.... and gooey, cheesy inside with tons of canadian bacon and eggs just set so it was soft but somehow still managed to be light and fluffy. Quiche is normally dry. This was not. Seriously, the best. The new quiche isnt terrible, but its not the same. Nowhere near as easy to eat, or as flavorful but its good. My two star review is more for the overall changes. This place used to be so much better.Nous avons tester les croissants au beurre et nous nous sommes retrouvé dans notre pays natal : la France. Très bon et identique à ceux que l'on aime. Hâte d'y retourner pour tester d'autres pâtisseries.We bought a traditional king cake today.  It's TERRIBLE.  Like everyone else, I don't understand why, if the new owners purchased the recipes, they aren't using them.  There is a super sweet, hard glaze on top.  The pastry is tough.  The almond paste is way too sweet, and to top it off, there's a stupid rubber pig instead of the signature porcelain "babies."  They've now lost my business.Good atmosphere for a casual coffee date or for getting work done! It's in a good location and the staff are very friendly. The coffee and pastries were just mediocre in my opinion. I loved the idea of finding a great French boulangerie in New Orleans, and wanted it to measure up to others that I have tried in my travels but unfortunately it didn't. I still give it credit for being a really cute coffee shop with decent pastries, but the almond croissant fell flat and was fairly overpriced and the coffee was just okay. I don't think this place is bad, I would definitely return and I still would recommend it as a good place to meet a coffee date or get some work done, but I just wouldn't call it amazing or go out of my way to choose this over a better spot.Lawd..... I would totally marry the baker! Where do I start? The lemon meringue tart... That meringue was Heaven! Didn't even finish the rest of the tart for over-indulging in the meringue. But to make matters insanely speechless, the bread pudding! This bread pudding will get somebody laid as well as married! I have never tasted any dessert this darn heavenly! I'm so serious when I said I was speechless! I know I'm not from NOLA... thus I don't eat bread pudding. But that was some darn good bread pudding. 
Did I mention the meringue off of the lemon meringue pie tart? Or did I mention the bread pudding? Best believe I will be returning to this establishment... Sitting outside its doors like a homeless puppy!Heavenly delicious. I heard this place through popular websites and decided to check it out. New place to crave for my sweetI hadn't been to the restaurant under the previous ownership but really enjoyed our recent experience. We had a ham and cheese croissant, quiche, and almond croissant and thought they were all very good. Haters gonna hate.We enjoyed lunch here on a Saturday afternoon. We had the tomato, pesto with Mozzarella sandwich. The portion size is big that two adults could have shared it. I also had the freshly squeezed orange juice. The place was not crowded but there was a steady stream of people coming and going. We took bus#11 from the French quarter to Boulangerie. They have lovely pastries, cakes and drinks. Worth the bus ride to it.Every visit to Nola I make includes a stop at this bakery. Chocolate almond croissants and the ham and cheese croissants. I'm from atlanta and sometimes debate making a trip solely for this bakery.Pretty good bakery, and one of the best in New Orleans.  Since the change in ownership, it has taken on a more corporate, mass produced feeling.  Pastery and breads have less if the crispy snap than previously.  Quiches, while good, are a little moist.  Service has become more perfunctory and ditsy.  The atmosphere is hurried.  I appreciate Boulangerie as an alternative to the standard breakfast and coffee shop.  It feels less like the French Patisserie than it used to be.  It is my understanding that this has become a kitchen for a small franchise, and am concerned it is losing its roots.  Staff needs to treat service more as an art by slowing diwn and taking time to listen.  I suspect mre staff woud reduce multitasking.Sad! Sad! Sad!  How can a highly thought of restaurateur like Donald Link acquire a great and beloved bakery like La Boulangerie and get it so wrong?!?!  Generally, portions are smaller and prices are up; you pay more for less.  The baguettes used to stick out the bread bag. Now you have to reach into the bag a ways to pull it out.
I too have been going to the bakery since it began in that smaller space one block down Magazine.  I've visited the place regularly ever since.  Before La Boulangeie my go-to bakery for French pastries and breads was La Madeleine.  My visits to the latter became infrequent once the former opened. Sadly, I will relegate the former to the same class as the latter - my visits will be infrequent.
Buy it back or open a new bakery, preferably in Midcity, Dominique Rizzo!!! (Unfortunately, he probably signed a non-compete agreement with the sale.)What a wonderful place for your senses! The girls and I were walking Magazine street just doing some sight seeing, as we got in well after midnight, even in the middle of the night we had decided we would be back to this spot for something in the morning! 
We did just that, we came the next day a little after noonish, but ready to break our fast! Once you are inside you are greeted with an amazing aroma of bread. Who doesn't like bread?! Or for those of you with such an ill fate as mine (I wasn't eating bread while I was in town!) you only get to enjoy the smell and look of the breads. Let me tell you, it was well worth it! The loafs, baguettes and croissants are all displayed right up in front for you to see. Very well done I might add. 
They offered bagels and lox, or cream cheese, sandwiches and even ice cream and pastries of course. I settled for a smoked salmon quiche served on a bed of iceberg and bibb lettuce with slivers of red onion, coated in a light lemony vinaigrette and thin toasted slices of bread that tasted of bacon. Upon first sight, the meal looked a little short of the almost $9 price tag. I also ordered an iced coffee making my quiche and coffee just under $13. I was not quite sold but the after having a few bites I found myself slowly being happily pleased with my order and eventually fully satisfied. Even without any real bread on my meal. The smoked salmon in the quiche was delicious with the tangy dressing on the salad. I liked it a lot. 
The dining room is very cute and spacious. There are larger tables for four our more and cute bistro seating for two scattered around, as well as high back booth seating along the walls. It got a bit loud while we were there and can only imagine what it would be like with a full dining room. Not much in the way of stalls for the bathroom but they do have benches in the hall if you are waiting because a line will form. 
I only gave four stars for the rude service I received. A line had formed at the door and so group of people had begun to form behind us when we came in. The cashier was simply rude about asking everyone to form a line along the display and I was the lucky next person who had to deal with the grunt of her tude. Not cool lady. 
Otherwise a super cute establishment. The decor is cute yet simplistic and the selection of food is just enough a good balance of savories and sweets.This is a good spot to grab coffee but if you are in need of a meal look elsewhere!  Spent $10 on the Le Fromager which should have been a $5 sandwich tops, did not come with anything it was truly two small slices of bread with a bit of cheese and pepper jelly, so disappointed.  Do yourself a favor and walk another block down the street to surrys.  For the same price you will get a lovely half sandwich, cup of soup and small salad.Everything is delicious! They have a freshly squeezed orange juice which is the best. The staff is friendly knowledgeable and accurate. My favorite breakfast place off of Magazine Street.I am happy to say the new owners seem to have received the message that the changes in their baked goods were terrible! My husband & I with wishful thinking decided to give the bakery another try after the major disappointment of the first month. I am pleased to say that once again the almond croissants are worth the calories! Not quite as good as previous owners but much improved from what they were originally selling! Also bought a scone & blueberry muffin both of which were pretty decent. I wanted to get the message out because if anyone went to the old Boulangerie on a Sunday morn at 8.30, it could easily be a 30 minute wait. Today, I walked right up to the counter so I assume they have to be hurting. Will definitely make it one my regular spots again!I have no idea why this place only has 3 starts. By far the best bakery in town. The pastries are authentic French preparation and I got a red velvet cake for my birthday that was the best cake I've ever had. 
Ignore the rating. It's fantastic.This place Is way better than rated... people are just haters. The pastries are perfect, the croissants are large and flaky. The breads are delicious and their sandwiches and deserts are fantastic. Always recommend this place.Big bakery and coffee shop that is NOT Starbucks. This bakery is nearby to the AirBNB I stayed at in Magazine Street in Uptown, a great part of the city to make your temporary home. 
Given the Starbucks incident I was concerned about being welcome and being able to hang out until I needed to leave for my flight (noon checkout).  No problem. 
Many patrons were in their desktop enjoying coffee and work. I found a sit on the back wall with the wall length banquette that was very comfy. 
I ordered their ham and cheese croissant since seemed pricey at $5 but less than the $10 turkey sandwich with avocado.  The croissant was buttery and warm  but sadly the cheese escaped through either end and the ham was only in one part. A little unbalanced but fine.Tried the chicken salad sandwich and it was delicious!  Came on a toasted croissant so it was a little messy and falling apart, but flavor was excellent.  Had a little spice to it - no fruits or almonds/nuts/pecans!  The area was charming and the place was such a cute lunch spot.  Warning: they offer water in a bottle however, they fail to mention it's $4!!!  Should've just drank the free water.I'm not a huge fan of plain croissants but here they were to die for! Also had an awesome ham and cheese stuffed croissant and cinnamon bun. All really yummy!Incredibly disappointed with the new menu. The old favorites (almond croissants, quiches) taste bland and uninspired under Donald Link's direction. The staff was horrific. I had the same server bring out the wrong sandwich to me 3 times! 
About that sandwich...I ordered the La Atlantalique. For $10, the portion was abysmal. At least serve a side salad or chips to make up for the meager portion!
This is so saddening. I've championed La Boulangerie as the best bakery in town. I can no longer make that claim. 
Go down the street to Rivista.I can't actually speak to the food here, but I desperately needed a cake for a friend's birthday today and don't have my own wheels.  The lovely manager, Carolyn, offered to deliver the cake to my friend when she got off of work. I don't think he's cut into it yet to review how it tastes, but that kind of service, above and beyond, was truly remarkable. So grateful to her for saving my butt today.A little bit out of the beaten path. Seems to be visited mainly by local residents. The menu and the environment feel like I'm in Paris. The baked items are the types that you'd find in France and they taste delicious. This is not someplace that I have to go if there is not a lot of time on hand.My husband and I have been coming here for years. Loved the original owners. It is different since new management but I still love this little, quaint bakery. Probably one of the best bakeries in New Orleans! We love coming here Saturday mornings, grabbing a cup of coffee (not the best coffee I've ever had but it goes well with the pastries...) and eating a chocolate almond croissant while people watching on Magazine St. I did get Le Parisian sandwich today instead of the croissant, which was very good! Simple and subtle flavors of ham and cheese, salted butter on fresh, crunchy baguette. Just quality products. Reminded me of the sandwiches I've had in Paris cafes. Can't beat the atmosphere! Don't forget to pick up your fresh bread for the week!So terribly disappointed! Have tried five times under Donald Link's ownership and every recipe has changed and not for the better. I actually spoke to him on my first trip after reopening and he said the staff was the same and they knew the original recipes.  Well, the almond croissants used to be incredible and now are just like every generic croissant. They're just like the mass produced ones you can get at Rouses. The quiche, muffins, and other assorted pastries were over baked, dry and mediocre at  best. Only positive thing is the new hours and now thats immaterial. Donald, I'm not sure what you're thinking, but making change for the sake of change is not always a good idea. You're throwing out the baby with the bath water.Great selection of baked goodies, sandwiches, and drinks. I spend a lot of time here doing work and the staff is great - thanks Kat!
I really like the chocolate, almond croissants and any of the sandwiches, just depends on my mood.
Only thing holding them back from 5 stars is slight inconsistency with espresso drinks and I feel it is slightly over priced for what you get.Excellent!    We had a chocolate almond croissant, a cinnamon pecan churro and a Napoleon (for "dessert" of course since every breakfast needs a dessert).  Outstanding.  Many other things to choose from, but this is worth the trip!  Service was great, cappuccinos were re-warmed, very accommodating.  Didn't try the baguette or breads, but they looked yummy!A favorite pastry pick up of mine for nearly a decade, I was both sad and excited to see it purchased by well the known Donald Link. I planned to visit as soon as they re-opened but somehow just never made it. Today, I made the trip.  When I went to check in, I noticed the rating nose dive and negative comments on quality. Now very sad and nervous I bought a croissant, a seasonal fruit pastry and a blue cheese boule. All looked amazing. I ate the croissant. Different, and delicious. Flaky, buttery and decadently large. We shared the blue cheese bread at dinner time. Wow. I could just take this, a glass of red wine and be a happy little party. So much blue cheese and the perfect crispy buttery crust with doughy center. 
I'm still very much in love with our new La Boulangerie and will continue trying their delicious creations. I will admit, the prices are higher, but isn't that true of everything.Ok, So I know that alot of people don't like this place anymore.  I live in the area and frequented the other place.  So far, at the new place I have purchased a couple loaves of bread, chocolate almond croissant, scones, kouigin amann, and one other pastry I can't remember.  Everything we have gotten, thus far, has been very delicious!  It's always tasted fresh and flavorful.  The prices went up from before, so that was disappointing, but it's an occasional treat for us.  I do recommend the new place, as far as the things we have gotten.One of the most amazing tasting bakeries I've ever been to and definitely the most delicious Napoleon. I can't believe the bad reviews here, but as an New Yorker, I only discovered this spot in May. Sorry to here your neighborhood bakery isn't what it used to be, but definitely a must have for me while in NOLA.Parking can be difficult, but it's worth the search and the walk to have their pastries. The croissants are crispy and flaky on the outside, but still soft and buttery on the inside; they certainly taste artisan, not like the subpar ones you find at any local grocery store. It also helps that our own Frenchman approves of their baked goods, claiming that they taste like the ones back home. The seasonal vol-au-vent, almond croissant, cheese roll, kouign amann were all tasty with a hint of sweet/savory, but still maintained the croissant-like base to be the star. The service is also very good; the gentleman at the counter was patient with us as we couldn't make up our minds on what to get; the lady making her rounds of the dining area serving out warmed pastries or clearing tables. The dining area is clean, spacious, and full of tables for 2 (there looked to be ONE table for a large group of 4-6), so I don't recommend this for large groups unless you're ok with pairing off.Went here several times on my trip to new orleans and staying close to magazine street. I'm not quite sure what all the fuss is about this place. Prices were reasonable, and food was meh. I had the almond croissant which was a bit sweet for my taste along with mocha. The second time I went I had one of their sandwiches which I didn't think was worth the $9 I paid for it. I wish I would've tried their quiche as those looked pretty tasty but again I thought it was meh.I really enjoyed this bakery. My dream is to open mg own cafe/bakery (which will happen), and this is a place I would aspire to. Fresh, friendly and quaint. The strawberry tart was beautiful with a delicate tart/sweet balance. And the blueberry Danish? Oh, stick it in the microwave there for a few minutes and let it melt your mouth. I just love small business that get it right!Some of the best bread to be had in New Orleans and this place could use the help. Pastries don't disappoint either.Great bread, intense crusty pastries, rich doughs, and incredible smells are the things I note everytime I walk through the doors.  If they started a morning delivery service, they'd make a killing or at least force Maurice's to step it up a notch.Well first real disappointment in 10 years. Spend 37$ in pastry and bread... Got a Napoleon totally unedible 6.50$ in the garbage. Vanilla cream outdated strange flavor of chicken broth!!!I have such a soft spot for quaint bakeries and this is one of them. The tarts and croissants are my favorite!"You're not a lard ass, you're just have a little extra... you know, like a little extra butter, you're BUTTERY".  BTW do not tell that to a girl, she will be upset that you just called her a butterball.  Pastries on the other hand, now that is a compliment.  
I love the pastries at Boulangerie.  They are just so crispy and the flakey layers of pastry and butter can't be matched.  The butter level is the true measure of a french pastry.  These are by far the best french pastries in town.  My favorite is the chocolate croissants, I just love those two little bars of dark chocolate in those crispy layers.
They also have a nice variety of gelato/sorbet, sandwiches, and coffee drinks.  I always get a latte with my pastry.  I like the coffee here, but the espresso is considerably stronger than most places.  The worst thing about Boulangerie is that I live way too close to the temptation.Read the reviews and maybe it raised my expectations but I was disappointed. Nothing looked fresh at 7 am.  The éclairs I got were still cold and hard. The Danish was subpar. Service was friendly thoughI've been to La Boulangerie a few times-- just to grab a pastry and cup of coffee.
Today, I had some time to spare right before an appointment.  You know that strange hour and half that you may have in the middle of a Wednesday afternoon?  Where you may not be able to call up a friend nor feel super inclined to?  That's what I had.  Just time to waste. 
Driving down magazine, I spotted the bakery and decided to make a quick stop. 
Inside the little place, the atmosphere is very quaint and smells of fresh bread even at 2 in the afternoon.  I eyed the sandwiches and the muffins.  It all just looked amazing.  Stuffing for dreams!
But alas, they have a $10 limit on cards.  So, I had to buy a sandwich, a large coffee, an orange juice, and a muffin to make the limit.  That just goes to show you how cheap everything really is. 
CHEAP + DELICIOUS + mid-afternoon + refreshing = 4 stars.
Their bread is fresh and delicious....and their coffee... they use this French roast that is almost the perfect blend.  And it goes down so easily.
I was lucky enough to have some of my afternoon set aside JUST FOR THIS.  So, there I was at a corner window watching Magazine Street and drinking my delicious coffee.  Watching everyone hurry past me, while I just sipped in my leisure.
All of my worries and rushed feelings melted away.  I feel like I came away from the bakery a better person.  
Shouldn't food do that to you? 
So, yeah, I recommend this place.  Especially, if you want to treat yourself to coffee and pastries and... have some time to spare for a little self-relaxation.By far my favorite bakery in nola!  I get Almond Croissants togo every time we have out of town company & serve them warm for breakfast with coffee and fruit.  They are always a hit!  My husband prefers the Ham & Cheese Croissant but you really can't go wrong with anything you order from here.  Great atmosphere.  The line is worth it!Great pastries and coffees. Busy place on the weekends, but the quality of the baked goods more than makes up for it. Try the chocolate danish. Incredible!Awesome bakery!  This place have a nice vibe to it, and the workers here are so joyful and helpful.  It seems like it's always pack here all the time, but I can see why.  We had the following, which was all really good!
- Almond Croissant
- Chocolate Croissant
- Strawberry Tart
- Chocolate Tart
- Coffee Eclair
I can't wait to stuff my face in this goodness again!I visit New Orleans at least twice annually, and I always make sure to make it by La Boulangerie.  If I'm driving, I usually take a box of goodness home to Tennessee (but it rarely makes it that far).  The almond croissant is my favorite, but I've never had anything there that wasn't good.  Other gems in the area: The Rum House, Sucre, and The Creole Creamery.Great selection of pastries- plenty of croissants, Danishes, tarts, scones and more. They also offer a variety of types of bread which they will slice the whole loaf for you. 
We decided to get the almond croissant, apply cinnamon Danish and Brie sandwich. Also took home a sourdough loaf to enjoy later. All were very tasty and you can tell it's quality ingredients. Almond croissant was the best of the three. It was a bit crowded on a Sunday morning, but the line moved quickly and the staff was friendly. 
Excited to return to try more of the selections!Oooh. I had yummy croissants from here this morning. So good. Nice and fresh and I like how there is an outer thick "crust" with the soft inside. They are so delicious, no butter or anything else needed. They also sell danish and other pastries. Perfect little neighborhood breakfast spot, if you are looking to pick up something that isn't a doughnut or a bagel.ALL.THE.PASTRIES.  All delcious, including the coffee! Theres a few tables inside and outisde to sit down.  Parking is on the street, but not bad.This uptown bakery is my favorite spot for traditional French pastry and Freshly baked bread. If you find yourself on magazine around lunch time LA Boulangerie also makes some great salads and sandwiches. I love the roasted chicken on briocheI've only physically been inside of La Boulangerie once. However, everything I've ever had from here had absolutely heavenly to say the least. Chocolate eclaires, divine. Both quiches, delicious. Tiramisu, magnificent. Fresh breads, the best I've ever had. I love this place.I was excited to find a french bakery near my hotel for breakfast during my stay in New Orleans.  Unfortunately this place was terrible.  A stale croissant warmed in the microwave and a very mediocre latte.  Look elsewhere if you are expecting some freshly baked treats.They have the best almond croissant I've ever tried, but one star off because they always run out. You need to get here early, at least on the weekend, or they run out. The drip coffee is good tooThey have such amazing pastries and sandwiches. The pastries are on par with the pastries we have had in Paris. We loved it so much, we came 2 days in a row during our trip. Just come and try their food.
I'm docking one point because of the waitress that took our order - couldn't bother to smile for a second. All of the other waitresses seemed great though.Oh so many yummies to describe! However, we will try.... The garlic herb bread is out of this world. The chocolate croissant was light, flaky buttery but not too buttery, a great chocolate taste without  too much chocolate. The oat bran muffin was moist, not dense and just right. We also got a delightful quiche Lorraine! The service was fast and friendly.NOLA's source for what we should have a lot more of: great bread, French pastries, et al. The Croque Monsieur and a cup of pignon coffee makes a great light lunch. Croissants are the best that NOLA has to offer.  Add La Davina gelato onsite, French king cakes (in season), Palmiers, lots of art by Simon, and you have a New Orleans staple not be missed.Quaint little bakery tucked into a charming neighborhood. Pastries and other goodies almost too pretty to eat! Flaky, buttery, melt in your mouth goodness all at a reasonable price. Stop here if you're ever in the area and sit on the patio for a spell. You'll think you've been teleported to Paris.I've been wanting to go here for awhile and decided to stop by to try the chocolate croissant because I have heard really good things about it. However, when I got there I did a total 180 and decided to order the ham and cheese croissant instead. I will try the chocolate croissant some day but I am not a huge fan of sweets so I guess that's what changed my mind. 
Anyway, the croissant was delicious, it was flaky and buttery and I wanted it to never end. Everything tasted fresh and I really enjoyed my experience overall. However, just know parking can be a serious pain because this is a popular part of Magazine St. that being said I will still definitely be coming back!Great croissants and pastries. Good sandwiches. Good but not great coffee. Adorable place, very French feeling. No wifi (but that gives it a nice serene, old-fashioned vibe).Absolutely fantastic pastries and all around delicious food and drink. Great peopl and great staff.Looking for an alternative to Croissant D'Or's once wonderful now shrunken and pricy tarte maison.  This alternative scored mixed reviews.  1 (myself) found the crust heavy and crude, while the fruit were fresh and tasty.  Together though, 1 slice was too much, and I won't try it again.  My other half tolerated the crust better, and found it "OK."  No good options left in town, as Croissant D'Or's version is now personal pizza sized (was full sized) and $29, too much for any occasion.I love this place. Its in such a beautiful area and the ambience just makes me happy. They have some really amazing bread, tartelettes, muffins and other pastries. Wish I lived closer!!I don't get what all the hype is about. Sandwiches are made at the beginning of the day so if they run out of one, they're not making it for youHaving lived in France for two years on top of a well-known bakery in Lyon, I was in desperate search of "la baguette" when I moved back to New Orleans. Thank God for this place! So far this is the ONLY place that sells a TRULY AUTHENTIC BAGUETTE! Puts all other bakeries to shame!I recently moved dangerously close to this place and my love has only grown stronger.  The breads are always delightful and noteworthy, especially the blue cheese and pecan and the apple bacon, as well as standards like cibatta.  They are also making sandwiches and little pizzas these days, which are totally delicious and very reminiscent of what you would get from a cafe in Europe, simple, well-made, and satisfying.  
The bakery uses really high quality ingredients and relies on selling out everyday, so the pastries are always fresh and they do sell out early sometimes.  I worked in a French bakery for a few years and this place really does a great job of balancing flavors and textures in their sweets.  I have never had anything that tasted too sweet or too dense.  All the fruit fillings are actual fruit, not syrupy goo. 
Favorite pastries are as follows:
the raisin roll (a dark horse, but so simple and delicious)
the cherry danish
the apricot danish
the almond croissant
the coffee eclair (not too sweet, perfect filling)
They do not have an espresso machine which is a bummer, but the brewed coffee is always really fresh and very good.  Also they stock Mighty Leaf tea which is really, really good.  Girls behind the counter can be a little abrasive.  Overall, I highly recommend this place.  When we have out of town guests we always take them here in the mornings.  They have some nice areas to sit indoors and the decor is charming.My family members bought food here twice. It was top notch both times, everything was good. The baguettes were delicious. The croissants are like something from France or Montreal. The quiches almost as good as my wife's. I have no hesitancy in recommending La Boulangerie.Authentic French bakery on magazine!  At this point I've tried most of their baked goods.  All so yummy!The only one in New orleans that I give the Label: Boulangerie Francaise.
All is excellent...
Do not loose your time to go in an other place, 
The new owner carry on the French tradition.
MerciThe sight of this place name puts a smile on me. Being I can't be in Paris currently eating a chocolate croissant outside, this is the next best thing for me right here in New Orleans. Upon entrance to La Boulangerie you should have an instant smile, it you don't something is obviously wrong with you. The smells and all of the beautiful items is sensory overload and truly makes it tough to make a decision on what you want to get.
Everything is just so fresh! I recently went with a chocolate and raspberry croissant. They were divine even without warming up. The bread was fluffy,  fresh and it was just the right amount of chocolate and raspberry in each without being too extreme at all. I also had a Raspberry cream cheese danish that would probably jump start your morning or afternoon! I personally love this place on a rainy afternoon. There is some seating so you can enjoy your yummy treats on spot and just relax or maybe even bring a date. They also have coffee and most important to me tea! You would expect this location to be expensive but surprisingly it's extremely reasonable and same price you pay for pastries at most places but with a better quality.
The service was decent and the treats were superb, it's definitely worthwhile place to check out. Parking can be a bit difficult and you may have to drive around a little bit to find nearby parking. Afternoons or early morning are probably the best times to deal with this problem.
One warning... if you go in expecting to use your card, if it does not total up to $10 it is a 50 cent surcharge.The best place for freshly baked bread and pastries in town. The brioche is divine and they have great sandwiches for lunch. I highly recommend it.This is becoming my regular goto spot with my friend. The pastries are delicious, the coffee is great, and the bread is awesome. There is always available seating- in fact we often sit at the same table. The staff is friendly and the prices are great. This place is an awesome stop.Fresh and delicious, I have yet to be disappointed by La Boulangerie. Now that I live in walking distance to this bakery, I feel like I may be in danger of gaining more weight.
I have tried several of their goods and I am equally happy with their sweet and savoury treats. Apricot Danish? Why Yes! Ham and Cheese Croissant? Yum! I like La Boulangerie much more than La Patisserie, in addition to pastries, they also have a slightly larger selection of drinks, and on a more positive note, I have not been treated rudely by the workers here. Note, it's also open for longer hours and has more space and seating.
I also enjoy the larger selection of breads that I can purchase and bring home. 
If you like pastries and lazing around in a relaxing atmosphere, this is definitely a place to hit.Excellent pastries and quiche.  I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 because they don't warm your pastries for you in an oven - you have to use their crappy microwave which takes forever, and also, they're kind of mean.We make it a point to stop by this bakery every time we are in NOLA. I think the quality has gone down since our last visit. Both the apricot danish and the chocolate eclair were a little stale. They were tasty, but didn't have that crispness that comes with freshly made.  Otherwise, would have given it 4 stars.Usually, people visit New Orleans to stuff their faces on raw oysters, greasy po boy sandwiches and huge steaming bowls of gumbo. But I truly believe that they should also save a little space in their tummy for the delicious treats at Boulangerie. 
Croissants so flaky that they melt in your mouth. Fresh baked bread stuffed with goodies like blue cheese and olives. Rich, mouth watering quiches. Sweet patries that are as beautiful to look at as they are delicious. Oh, and the coffee...... mmmmm the coffee. Fantastic. 
Pleasant atmosphere, cozy bistro tables and outdoor seating. Hooray!!!  
They're closed on Tuesday, btw. And, last year, they were closed for the whole month of August. Better start stocking up now, lol!Most delicious coffee and pastries in Nola. I dream of their rich, dark roasted coffee and with I could get something like it back home. What an incredible value at $1.60 for a 16 oz cup. The service is extremely friendly and their chocolate croissants sublime.Totally love the french king cakes, but I was  really disapointed when we got a cake and got a porcelain thing with advertising with some company. They are very expensive and I paid 15-17 for a 4 person cake for myself (husband not a fan). Thought it was just a bad day or the advertising was only in the small cakes. I went back today. I went through a huge line only to find out that everyone was getting advertising. Really??? Extra bonus-Really pissed husband waiting in car. 
417The pastries are as close to feeling like you are in a little Parisian bakery as you will find in New Orleans.  Extremely delicious pastries, quiches, and breads at prices that are very reasonable.  It's a nice sized place that also works for lunch of sandwiches or pizza.  
The pastries are the true highlight though.  The apple turnover is to die for.  The scones are perfect even the next day.  This will easily become one of your favorite places uptown.stopped to grab a cranberry orange muffin and a raspberry croissant while we walked up magazine street. i would like one of everything, please! :)Boulangerie is terribly French.  The breads are outstanding, the pastries gorgeous and delicious, but the waitstaff may as well pick a plot in the ground - they're not even rude but a general lack of engagement.  I would totally give a 5 star review if it weren't for the dismal malcontents that consistently "serve" you here.Terrific pastries, and the smell when you walk in just puts you in the best mood! Great baked goods and tarts. Loved every bite!I did return to La Boulangerie a few weeks ago and the service I received was much better this time around. It was a different server. She was quick, attentive, and friendly to me and all of her other customers!
I purchased a double mocha and an apple danish to go. Enjoyed both!Well, I am hoping to open my own business a few blocks away from this place by the end of the year. I wanted to get to know my potential neighbors. I'm trying to get to know the area better so I know where to go for snacks, breakfast and coffee... I really liked the ambience of this place. It's very spacious. I loved that they sold Simon art. Every time I see Simon's art, it screams NAWLINS! I tried a croissant and a fruit tart. Yum! 
I think the lady that helped me spoke French because she had a slight accent. I think it's so cool to speak French in a city with a lot of French history. I'll be coming back for breakfast and lunch!god, I just love their tiramisu...
I go there for breakfast, my husband goes there for the stuffed cheese and ham croissant and I get tiramisu ...before 10am...I just cannot help myself.One of the best bakeries in town, by far.  Everything here is great!  I love their sandwiches, especially the L'Atlantique--I think I could eat one every day without getting tired of it.   The almond croissants are orgasmic if you can catch them when they've come right out of the oven (which you usually can).  And their breads...don't get me started.  
Order anything, sweet or savory, and you won't regret it!I come from Belgium and "real" bread is what I miss the most. The breads and pastries at La Boulangerie are the best in town!Best Bakery in New Orleans. I finally arrived when they opened last week at 6:00 am and had a spiritual experience with a fresh out of the oven croissant.  
This place is amazingly great! Everything is freshly baked that day and the workers are all kind and courteous.  I go here twice a week and have never been disappointed. 
Order the quiche Florentine and a croissant. You won't be disappointed!If you are expecting warm and friendly from your neighborhood bakery, go somewhere else. You'll be served your baked goods in a mildly polite and efficient manner but without the charm or warmth that you would normally expect from your neighborhood bakery. Considering this bakery is located in New Orleans, and we love our city for its great, small, neighborhood stores and establishments and the wonderful experience of walking into a store and being treated like family, this bakery unfortunately should be located in Boston, or Moscow. It is more like what you'd expect from a New York bagel shop, which I used to frequent everyday and always had a much more positive experience than going to La Boulangerie. I want to like this bakery so much, but every time I walk out I am left feeling unsatisfied. The bread is good, but the croissants, and the tarts fail to wow. La Croissant d'Or has a much better almond croissant and Whole Foods has good bread--all minus the attitude.So sad as I mourn the demise of the best French bakery outside France.
 Oh for the deliciously light almond croissant, where are the apples danish with its slightly sweet and tart taste, the creamy quiches and the baguette sandwiches filled with so much fresh goodness.? 
Why fix something that was so perfect? Why use sugar icing to cover up the taste of fruit?
You have the original French recipes.. Go use them. They are worth more than the bland decor. 
Please come ye olde La Boulangerie or tell me where I should go,for sustenance?The baked goods are absolutely spot-on. Service was not at all off-putting. Don't know what people are complaining about. The layout is fine and everything was quite clean. My only complaint is the coffee, which is nothing special.Recently moved to town from chicago, wanted to check out what the hype was all about. The place is adorable, quite roomy with plenty of seating. Great cheesecake, will be back to try the gelato, their flavors sounded interesting.
Review update: 
I've been here countless times now since moving to NOLA. The almond croissant is to die for especially when it's fresh! I'm also a huge fan of their apricot Danish. As for their sandwiches, all great but I like to get them made on a butter croissant instead of the baguette, which is all the more delicious. 
It's a pre pay and self serve place but that just means you get your food faster. I'm always a happy camper when getting lunch here!  The girls behind the counter are friendly and efficient. So far haven't had a bad trip here! Thank you wonderful staff! You truly are a must visit NOLA establishment!So Dominique sold the boulangerie and probably went back to France. When Dominique was here he used to wear his chef outfit and greet people sometimes, the pastries were well made and it was just a very nice and warm atmosphere in there. Now all the warmth is gone, I saw someone who I'm guessing is the new owner in a suit walking around checking his iPad constantly. Everything is a lot more expensive and not that great. This is so disappointing.While in New Orleans we came upon this ostensibly French bakery and thought we'd give it a try for breakfast.  My advise:  Don't bother.  This "bakery" would never have a chance in France, and the name does not even come close to what a true boulangerie is all about.  The coffee was bland, and the croissants were, well blah!
Dry and dull!  Nothing like what a true croissant is all about.  I could/would not eat it.
The rest of the bakery items looked uninspiring.
JUst keep on walking.This place is a local gem!  Simply the best baguette I've ever had.  I don't normally even like bread all that much, but their baguette has converted me!  Everything is great and cheap.  Coffee, breads, sandwiches, quiches, croque monsieur, almond croissant (made with almond paste like it should be!) are all divine.  The lines can be long at times, but it is worth it.Local, delicious, fresh, and most of all, AFFORDABLE! Well, apparently only considered affordable compared to Los Angeles prices according to the boy haha xD especially their individual sized cheesecakes and fruit tarts :)
There are pastries (both sweet and savory), gelato, baked loaves of different kinds of bread, and coffee.
What makes it an A+ in my book, is the service that I received. Usually there's a long line when I go during weekend mornings, so I waited patiently as I had my mind set on the almond croissant (with filling and topped with sliced almonds ^^ yumm). When it was almost my turn, my dream was taken away right in front of my eyes as the customer before me bought all the almond croissants left. Boo! When I stepped up to the register, I asked the cashier if there are any almond croissants being made; she went to the back, and magically appeared with exactly what I wanted, hot from the oven! (Or rather probably cooling down before being placed in the front haha)
5 stars for being awesome :DI could probably write two reviews, one with 5 starts and one with 1. 
The king cake was maybe the best I have ever had. Absolutely incredible. 
The baguette? Huge disappointment. It was in fact so hard that it took my 70 pound pit bull mix 15 minutes to eat it. I could barely even break it into pieces. 
I'll be back next king cake season, but not until then.Yum yum yum. My favorite chocolate croissants in town. Their other bready pastries are also excellent. The pastries in the refrigerated case are great when they're fresh, but sometimes it tastes like they've been sitting in there a little too long. They always have a few sandwich options sitting in the case as well, but the ones they prepare on order are, unsurprisingly, much better. Unfortunately, they're available only during lunchtime. 
Service is generally good, but things can get a little confusing when it's very crowded, and I've been passed over in the line a few times. Overall though, the staff are nice and don't do the snooty thing some French places seem to go in for. 
As a bonus, there are a couple outdoor tables where you can sit with a coffee as long as you'd like. Last time I brought my dog along, there was a water bowl nearby. Not a great view with all the traffic along Magazine Street, but the pup was still happy to hang out.Need a sweet treat? Well come on dooowwwnnn!
I like to butter up my boss and work mates by bringing in fancy almond and chocolate croissants or a pretty fruit pastry on occasion. The staff is competent, so even if it's a little busy and there's a line, it moves quickly - plus it's completely worth the wait! 
I have yet to eat something I don't like here, but I do love me anything fatty and sugary so this place is my small piece of heaven. 
(PS. I bought an almond croissant from a baker at the farmers market on Tuesdays at Tulane University Square for $5 - I felt roobbbbbeeddd. I mean, it was good, equivalent to the ones here, but really, $5 for a pastry? Never again.)I'm a sucker for a chocolate croissant mainly because it is another avenue to consume my favorite food, namely chocolate. It was right on point. My other half decided to devour an almond croissant filled with almond paste and showered with confectionery sugar and almond slices. Somehow, I still made a bigger mess. We sat at a small table eying the artwork for sale as we ate. 
As a tourist, it was nice to take a break for the endless menus pushing heavier items and Thanksgiving sized portions. La Boulangerie isn't a place that immediately comes to mind when I think of New Orleans, but maybe that's what makes it special. 
FYI: Bring cash.C'est bon! This is one of the few "French" bakeries in the U.S. that I've found makes almond croissants as flaky (good in pastries, not in people), buttery, and delicious as that small patisserie in the Marais arrondisement of Paris. Big space that is taken up largely by the baking operation on premise. Besides bread and pastries, it also has coffee. There's always a line in the mornings but it is well worth the wait.You've almost got it La Boulangerie... Everyone in uptown knows you guys make some awesome pastries...  that's what draws us to you, we love that about you... don't change that... now make it a unique experience that will bring people back!...  Like a good friend, its nice to ask us to stay... and your house needs some cleaning.  With a coffee shop, its the small things that count.  A few suggestions... get a fan to clear out the burning oil smoke that lingers in the morning hours... add more tables, especially for two people, tighten up the screws on your tables... nothing more annoying then sipping coffee, reading your newspaper and the table wobbles... add tables outside with some coverings and please please stock more chocolate-almond pastries.. the guy in front of me came in a cleared you out.... there went my breakfast!At 8 this morning I got a Coffee and almond croissant.  At 8:05 the croissant was gone and I was sipping on a delightful cup of coffee.  At 8:30 I walked out of there with a bag of croissants for later.Recently sold and changed ownership and as of 2015-12-10 appears closed. Stayed tuned.This place is HEAVEN.  
Coffee/espresso is delicious and made fast.  Pastries are to die for.  Flaky, buttery, goodness.  Prices? I dont even remember what the bill was...just get yourself some!Far better this go round! I decided to go earlier to get a better feel for offerings. Definitely recommend if you're up for something different in your search for great pastry.
What we had:
Le Fromager
I went with this recommendation from the staff as a meatless option for sandwiches. Simple and savory it features triple-cream brie, ripe tomato, lettuce. Big win.
Raspberry Croissant
I've had more than my share of berry croissants. The standard fare versions are typically so loaded with fruit filling that you're left looking like a toddler that just got their hands (and the table...and the floor) on a jelly sandwich. La Boulangerie's raspberry croissant manages to make sure you get a hint of fruit in every bite of your pastry without overdoing it. Highly recommend!
Tartelette au fraises
I'm bias when it comes to strawberry desserts as its my all-time favorite fruit. The gelatin really locks in the sweetness of the strawberries. This flavor combined with the sugary tart shell makes it more for those with a big sweet tooth.  
Paris-Brest
Typically filled with a praline based cream, this hazelnut variation was an amazing meld of creamy, smoky, and sinful! It's very fatty, but if you're on a long exploratory stroll down Magazine, it's a delicious way to fuel.This place is legit!!  I tried the Mille-feuille (thousand leaves) aka Napoleon.  It was amazing.  Not too many places in the US makes it this good.  I also got the chocolate almond croissant.  The quality of the chocolate was a bit subpar and the croissant itself wasn't crispy enough on the outside.  You have to find street parking to visit this place.  It's definitely worth the trip if you want authentic French pastry.Geat place they just need more space...This place is a charming little place to have lunch or to hang out and chat. Quality coffee, sandwiches, and pastries. 
The sandwiches are pre-made rather than made to order, so that may or may not appeal to you. 
The one downside to this place however is that the internet is not public.This looks like a nice French bakery, but doesn't deliver on the promise at all.  Surly counter service, bad coffee, and a subpar fruit-and-custard tart -- mealy, flavorless strawberries coated in sugar goo, the kind of thing you might buy from a supermarket dessert counter.  The unexpectedly grilled mozzarella and pesto sandwich was unbelievably greasy, and very light on *bread* for a bakery sandwich -- a sloppy, unappetizing disaster, even though the ingredients were all nice enough individually.  (To be fair, the place's fresh bread, though pricey, is very good: they bake a nice, crusty, chewy loaf.)  
Rather than decorative art, the walls are covered with dozens of those weirdly passive-aggressive hand-painted signs that are proliferating around New Orleans, so everywhere you look is another pseudo-cheerful warning telling you to "be nice" (though the staff seem uninfluenced by that sign).  At best this is an unsuccessful attempt to create a good neighborhood French bakery, at worst a tourist trap for locals; in any case, there are better bakeries elsewhere in uptown New Orleans -- like the great new Maple Street Patisserie, which is everything that the Boulangerie pretends to be.3.5 stars -- We were walking along Magazine Street and decided to stop in at La Boulangerie for a little break and to try some pastries. My friend, a local, wanted us to try French King Cake so we ordered a small one, which was very reasonably priced. It was quite tasty, although I prefer the cinnamon king cake personally. I also ordered a small blueberry tart which I do not think was really all that great. It was small and the crust was a little soggy.
I wish I had ordered a croissant or one of the flakier pastries as those looked amazing and delicious. This is definitely a nice, spacious place to stop in for a little rest while shopping along Magazine, though!Definitely a great stop for breakfast. The almond croissants and quiche Lorraine are delicious. With a wide selection of pastries, breads, sandwiches, and gelato this place has much more to offer than just desserts and breakfast snacks. 
The lines can get rather long during breakfast hours, especially on the weekends, but during the week a visit can be as quick a you like. 
Friendly staff, wonderful atmosphere, and delicious baked goods. A great place.Delicious? Yes! I live just 3 blocks away and today was my first time in La Boulangerie. I wanted a treat and counting calories was not in the stars this morning!! I purchased a Ham & Cheese Croissant and a Cherry Danish.
Friendly? NO, not to me. Now I would normally not mention the friendliness of the staff because I have been in countless NOLA establishments with good food and a less than friendly staff. I'll admit, for the right food, I will lower my customer service expectations and go with the flow. I am only mentioning this today because the staff's friendliness was 'on' for the 3 customers in front of me. Somehow, when it was my turn, friendly was 'off'! Unlike the customers in front of me, I did not get a verbal greeting. I received the uncomfortable, half smile that reads, 'What do you want?'.  I suppose it is partly my fault for expecting better.
Will I visit again? Now that I know what to expect... maybe.A terrific French bakery, wonderful pastries and of course French King Cakes when in season. Cash only. The coffee is nothing to write home about.