I went here once and was not blown away so I probably won't go back.  Some friends chose this for a Saturday evening happy hour, a weekend happy hour is a rare occurrence so I was on board.  There are some good deals, but the quality and service are so subpar I'd rather just pay full price somewhere else.  Bar service only, which wouldn't have bugged me as much as it did except that it was near impossible to get service from the two bartenders and it wasn't that crowded.  Ordered some apps...I'm told they're out of queso.  Who's out of queso?  I guess it happens, again...probably wouldn't have bugged me except not even 10 mins later someone who was TWO people behind me in line had their queso delivered.  They ran out of cold beer...and napkins.  Things I kind of expect from a restaurant and/or bar, and I don't think it's asking too much.  The salsa and guac that we were able to order were ok, but nothing so spectacular that a return trip is warranted.  I say skip it and go to Felipe's or Juan's or anywhere else for your Mexi treats.This is such a weird review to write, but I have to be totally honest here.
A friend and I stopped in here at about 12:30 on a Friday for lunch. There was no crowd (two other tables with two people each) and the weather was nice, so we sat outside on the porch. It took a while for the waiter to come over, but at first it wasn't a big deal.
We started with an order of guacamole and chips. I was really delighted that the guacamole was obviously made fresh, as it had HUGE chunks of avocado in it. It was so good and I enjoyed it. After the waiter dropped off the guac, he totally disappeared. As he was walking by, I asked him if I could have an iced tea. He said "sure" and disappeared for another 10 minutes. Keep in mind, we haven't even ordered our entree yet.
He returns with my tea and is about to walk off again when we tell him that we are ready to order. For my entree, I got the Del Fuego burrito which is a burrito packed with rice, beans, cheese and shredded brisket. After we ordered we waited well over 20 minutes (closer to 30 minutes, if I'm being honest) for the food to come out. Normally this wouldn't be an issue, but it was lunch and I was kind of in a hurry, there was no crowd, and one of the other two tables had already received their food. When the food finally arrived, I loved it- the burrito was maybe one of the best I have had in a long time and it was a pretty perfect lunch.
I am giving three stars because as good as the food was, the service was just awful. I feel bad because there was only one guy working and I would be totally understanding if there was a big crowd or if it was the dinner rush, but from beginning to end our lunch took over an hour and there were only three tables of customers in the whole place. That's just not time that I can spare during the week for lunch, especially when I can go to Felipe's and be in and out in 30 minutes.
I should have listened to my fellow Yelpers who said the service was slow. If you have the time to sit there for an hour or so, the food is fantastic and well worth the price. If you are in any kind of hurry, skip it.
Food- 4 stars
Service- 2 starsNot the best mexican place I've been in town. Tacos were OK. Guacamole and queso dip are very good. I was not a fan of the margaritas, and the white sangria was way too sweet. They didn't have any frozen drinks when we went.First time in New Orlean's, and this was the first restaurant we dined at because it was within walking distance of the Airbnb we were staying in. Anyway, we thought we'd come get a quick bite to hold us over until dinnertime. I wasn't expecting to be blown away or anything but at least enjoy a pair of decent tacos - didn't happen. I ordered the brisket tacos and guacamole. The tacos were room temp with no toppings except onions, and the guac doesn't seem to have been freshly made - for $9 I'd expect to see and taste the ingredients that goes into making a good guac. The chips that were paired with the guacamole were the one thing on our table that had any sign of seasoning on it (sea salt) - everything else was bland and disappointing. 
In addition to the horrible food, our waiter wasn't the best either. First, we asked him to bring straws, and he did... he set them directly on the table; they were not wrapped and he somehow thought it was a good idea to sit them on the table? Before leaving, we asked for two to-go cups of water (because it was HOT and we were walking), he gave us tiny plastic solo cups. This was especially concerning to me because on our way out, we saw that there were standard cups available at the bar with actual lids. If I am ever in Nola again, I know where I won't be going.Pleasant surprise! The cheese dip is really good. I ordered the chicken caesar...let me just say, it's one of the best and most innovative takes on a chicken caesar I've ever had. The decor and vibe is cool, and I like the big bar. Definitely need to come back soon!I suppose the food would have been good if it had been at all warm. A bunch of us ordered the fries with stuff on top and the fries were all lukewarm. The restaurant wasn't even busy. And it took forever. Same with drinks. Meh.I guess I don't know if the food or drinks are good since after I was seated I didn't see a server or anyone else for 15 minutes, even though the table behind me that was seated after me already had their drinks and ordered their food. I might give it another shot but terrible first impression on a not so busy Saturday afternoon.This is by far one of my favorite happy hours. $2 tacos, $4 margs, 1/2 off queso + more until 7! Happy is an understatement. Also, I've never had to wait, which is awesome. Staff is very attentive as well. I always keep coming back!I've lived in the neighborhood for over a decade and love to support small businesses. However, every time I've tried this spot with friends it is always disappointing. Aside from the food not being fresh and tacos full of grease I've given them multiple chances because of their happy hour special prices are so cheap. 
The last 3 times I've visited I've seen entirely different staff. That's always a red flag to me. The businesses on oak usually are very involved in the community and keep a happy familiar staff.
Not sure what's going on with this place but I don't see it lasting another year. My friends and I definitely won't be back. So many better, fresh food options on oak street to waste you're money here.Great location for an ice cold michelada. Unfortunately, the food was not good at all. 
Soggy carnitas, dried up tiny piece of catfish in the catfish taco. Guacamole was pretty good (but $9)
Better to eat from the street vendors outside the Maple Leaf Bar.Food was good, if it was hot. Had to send food back again, came back burnt. Service was extremely lackluster, so don't think you can have a quick lunch here. Probably won't come back to dine in because of the horrible service. The chips and queso were extremely good though, so order it take out.My boyfriend and I visited the La Casita Oak location about a year ago after they had opened up and we had a horrible experience. On this first visit,  our server clearly forgot to put in our taco order and we ended up paying nearly $40 for two drinks and a queso dip and then leaving hungry after waiting an hour without getting our food. We were hesitant about coming back, but I'm sure glad we gave La Casita another chance this past week. This time the service was spot on thanks to our pleasant server, Doug. We went during happy hour and took advantage of the half-off dips and discounted drinks. The $2 tacos were okay, but the price was right. The queso was great and the guacamole was fresh and chunky (much better than juan's!) We will definitely be back and it will most likely be during happy hour.Best queso in town hands down!! They have great specials for happy hour on tacos and drinks. It's a cute little environment with outdoors seating. I love going here for a quick study break or just to hang out with friends!This used to be my favorite place for tacos. Easily one of the best happy hours. The happy hour still isn't bad. Hard to beat 4 dollar margaritas, half off guac, and 2.50 street tacos. But they took the brisket tacos off the happy hour menu. And the 5 dollar guac is now 9. The lack of table service is also an unwelcome change. It's just not the same. I don't know if I will come back after these changes.Some of the most legit tacos in town. Happy hour was pretty killer- 4$ marg's and 2$ basic tacos everyday from 3-7... Yes ma'am. 
Definitely some of the best Tex Mex in town. 1000 times better than Felipe's.So the food and drinks here are really good.  That's about it. The service we've had has not been the best. The very first time I visited I left after being ignored for 15 minutes.  The second time we understand that it was Friday happy hour and were busy, but to have two bars with only one bartender working each is poor management.  On the 3rd chance given was today (Sunday) for lunch.  One server for the whole place.  Asked for salsa twice before going inside and asking.  Had to go in and ask for chips after waiting at least 10 minutes after being asked if we wanted some more.  $47 for 2 drinks, 2 tacos, chips, salsa and guacamole is a bit ridiculous.  Under better management this place has the potential to be great, but until then we will not be back.We love the food here and the service has never been great, but having a server was a plus.  We went last night and had to serve ourselves.  I didn't know that I was a waiter until I walked in.  If I wanted to serve myself mexican food I would go to Felipe's.  Bring back the servers and this review would go up to 5 stars for the great food and drinks.This is not Mexican food. The salsa is all tomato and so sour.  The chips are the only good thing here.No bueno!  You have to order at the bar, get your own silverware, then get passed up serval times by the guy brining the food. Food was solid but the number of flys all over made it unappetizing. Not to mention that it is totally over priced. We had zero drinks and it came to $55.Really nice restaurant, nice outdoor seating area, just too cold when I visited.  Great happy hour with specials on beers and margaritas and tacos.  I had the brisket tacos and they were great.I was hoping the food and service would be better on the second visit but it was worse. Over an hour wait for food. Close to 30 minutes for margaritas. The guacamole we ordered never came and our waiter told us "the quac is just not gonna happen tonight." Then we got charged for it on the  bill!! Took forever to get the bill settled. We were even told that the printer ran out of paper! 
The food is mediocre, the margs could be better (very watery), the service needs a lot more hustle and so does the kitchen. 
It's a cool Renovation of the space and it could be a great place but they need to get it together.Stopped by on a Monday night for happy hour (3-7pm) and was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere and the quality of the food.  We ordered a basic margarita (which was strong and delicious) and the red sangria (which was pretty good--coulda used some more citrus).  For food, we ordered the mole poblano chicken burrito the cochon de Mexicana tacos.  Both were excellent and portioned well.  Our sides consisted of the elote and calabasitas and while the elote was a lil' heavy on the mayo, both were still tasty.  It was pretty quiet when we arrived around 5:30 but started to pick up when we left around 7pm.  Service was a bit lacking (we didn't receive silverware with our food and didn't get water refills) and that's the reason I'm knocking off a star from my rating.  Great place though!I went in on a rainy Friday and it was moderately busy. Our waitress wasn't very attentive. She advised us the rice was gonna be about 15 minutes and that was fine. However the kitchen gave me hot rice with cold oyster tacos. They retuned it and gave me hot oyster tacos but they weren't really good.  What was good was the cheese dip with the serrano peppers and the margaritas!! All in all if I'm Oak St again I may give this place another try.This restaurant is located in a very "cool" area. The salsa and guacamole were good, chips were thick and a little too greasy for my liking. We only had to wait about 15 minutes before we got our first drink. (Pro Tip: order 2 beers at a time so you don't die of thirst.) Food was OK, only a small step up from Taco Bell.Went here on a Sunday during happy hour and had the Queso, Elote, and Mexican street tacos! Everything was absolutely delicious and so authentic, I would I highly recommend this cozy little spot to anyone!Just like their original location in the Warehouse District this joint has an awesome daily happy hour with great food specials and OK drink specials.  The margaritas aren't my favorite here so I'm usually going to stick with the beer.  If you deviate from the happy hour specials and order something special such as adding cheese it will increase the cost of the taco quite a bit.  I like this location far more than their original location as it has much more space and I just like this part of town far better than the Warehouse District.So I was bummed to see Squeal go out of business, as good BBQ in New Orleans is difficult to find. But so is good Mexican! So I was happy to see this place pop up a few blocks from my house. It was quite a busy affair on a typical Wednesday night but they seated us pretty quickly. A vegetarian, picky 12 year old, and myself were all very satisfied with the food. My only complaint...the chips! Chips and Mexican food in the US are synonymous. The house salsa and guacamole were fantastic but the vehicle they were delivered in was sub par. I see in another post these are house made but I doubt that claim. They were suspiciously similar to Tostitos. If I wanted store bought chips (or a homemade knockoff) I would visit Rouses for a bag and go home to binge Netflix. Keep the great Tacos and appetizers coming but please reboot the chips.Went for dinner on a Tuesday night with a buddy of mine. They have what looks like a decent happy hour. I tried the margarita because I think it's a staple of any Mexican joint. It was small and very sweet. Some might be about that life but New Orleans has spoiled me into believing I deserve a large glass of tequila with lime juice in it. The main even though is the food. The tacos are very small corn tortillas with no side for a somewhat marked up price. This concept of gourmet tacos is really starting to wear thin personally. But their white queso dip was excellent, chips were great, service was good. Definitely gonna check them out again and hopefully update this review.We waited for about  a year before  trying this spot. It's  in our neighborhood  and the happy hour was a big draw for me. Unfortunately  we probably  won't  be back. We were greeted and seated right away. Our waiter came over right away, and took our drink orders...  then we waited and waited and waited.....he came back and took our appetizer order. Still waiting  for the drink...a mojito and a coke. After about 15 minutes the coke arrived...still waiting on the mojito....We got the food... 3 dips with chips. No mojito yet...I asked about it and each time he was very apologetic...finally got the mojito. This was probably  25 minutes  in. Food was just ok...still prefer Felipe's. When the waiter came back to check on us, I ordered a mango margarita. Well, must have been a problem  with those also....the waiting game began again. I must have waited another 20 minutes for the margarita. I had planned to order  food, but the waiting  was just too much...the drinks were not even good....I'll  be going  back to Felipe's.La Casita has really good margaritas and the happy hour prices are great. Same goes for the queso, guac, and salsa---also have a happy hour discount. However, the tacos are nothing amazing, and the service is always so-so. I've been at least 5 times, and the last time the service was terrible...had to hunt down the waiter to give him our check, and had to track down the water pitcher by the bar because he had never refilled our water. I'm sure I'll be back, but only during happy hour, and when I'm not in a hurry.Great place for lunch or anytime. Had the carnitas tacos. The salsa was so fresh and bold, not too hot. Simple presentation. Very tasty. Cool vibe. We sat on the front porch.The food is not good at all. For two people it was almost $60.00 and it was really not worth it. I definitely do not recommend the tacos or the salsa that they have.Love the street corn, and they also make a refreshing margarita. I like the style of service, very casual.Hit or miss on the food quality--the queso and guacamole is never the same. Great happy hour though--small plates and drinks. The house margarita are good, but waters down so fast and glasses are small, can't beat the $2 tacos. Service is just ok in between the lunch and dinner rush. Lots of flies out on the patio..anytime of day and year. Good not great over all.Food is good but the margaritas are NOT good. First time coming to the Oak Street spot and it will be the last until they get it together. Sucks because we just moved right around the corner. Now the Julia Street spot was awesome, drinks were strong and tasty. Please fix this!!! I would be willing to try again. HOLD ON....Matthew the manager came over with some fresh margs and they were awesome.  Will be coming back.. Thanks Matthew.Went Thursday night for happy hour and was pleasantly surprised.  We have walked by this place countless times but had never been inside.  We had the salsa, queso, salsa and a Papas Guapas and a carnitas Taco.  All flavors were on point but the queso gets an extra shout out ... the live jalapeños were a great addition!I went to the former one on Julia a couple times for happy hour. Service was always lackluster, food was meh, drinks were great. Had one REALLY bad service experience and just never went back. Decided to check out Oak St because, hey if they're expanding this much, it's gotta be good. Nope. Food was honestly gross. It seemed like the elote was just boiled frozen corn with seasoning (the seasoning was on point tho), the chicken tasted off, and the beef and chicken were dry and flavorless like it was the leftovers from the weekend. We sat at the bar and kept an open tab since no one else was there, and person after person passed us without ever asking if we needed anything or even to pay our check, which they then couldn't immediately locate our card because it wasn't in the first 2 boxes he checked. Maybe I'll be back eventually for happy hour drinks but that's about it.A handful of friends decided to try out this restaurant for Taco Tuesday after our CF workout and the experience was quite frustrating for me. We sat at the picnic table outside in the front. When I showed up, about six people were already at the table and half had their drinks. I sat at the end of the table, next to my buddy who had his drink and across from my friend who was still needing to order. I sat at 6:45, by the time server came to take our drink order, happy hour had ended.  My buddy next to me ordered a pomegranate margarita, I ordered a regular margarita and my friend ordered a jalapeno margarita, w/ chips and salsa. 
After abt 20 minutes, the server comes back with three Margaritas in hand.  "YAY" - I think to myself. She handed my buddy his pomegranate margarita and then walks away to the other end of the table and hands the two margaritas to a couple - who showed up after us. Minutes later, the couple receive chips and salsa. Meanwhile, my friend and I are sitting there, no drinks, no chips, starving, while watching my buddy next to me sip on his delicious margarita. I flag the server down and explain that we have been waiting a while and maybe the couple got our drinks. She insisted they ordered first and that the order was two jalapeno margaritas. She went to go check on our drinks and returns with two jalapeno margaritas. I informed her that we only ordered one jalapeno margarita, and the other one was supposed to be a regular.  She took both of them away. Came back with two more margaritas. Wrong again.. Both of them were regular. At this point, I am trying hard not to get irritated. We flagged the server down again, to let her know. She apologized and brought out an additional jalapeno margarita for my friend. After two and a hours of frustrating service we finally got our bills. My buddy next to me "accidently" got a free margarita, my friend across from me got a free margarita, and all I got was the added salsa to my bill, that I didn't even order. Overall, the server was kind, the tacos were good and the guacamole was on point. Maybe a margarita "on the house" would have helped with my sanity."Really good food out here. I will be coming back whenever I can. The salsa is what blew me away. Also the atmosphere is very nice and mellow not much of an ambush or too many people coming in like sardines in a can. A great place to come by to relax after a stressful day after work. " That was before I loved the casita about a year ago.     At this moment, I have to be honest and say that I am completely disappointed at the turn of the new management. About six months ago, I have heard there was new management going on inside the restaurant, at first the salsa does not taste as fresh of how it was before. It was watery and tasteless, and it started to become much more as s typical Mexican restaurant as in the west bank. The value of what you pay for freshness is not there anymore. My favorite bartender Melvin who was rocking it with the margaritas is not there anymore along with a few others that I have gotten along with and were very nice are not there anymore. What has happened?!? I'm so upset that I just had a fajita one time, the beans and rice were undercook and the meat along with the onions were tasteless. Also the chips do not taste as fresh anymore as it was before. This was not what I was expected from before. I'm sorry la casita, you have broken my heart as being the best Mexican restaurant in New Orleans.OMG, in town after an amazing R+F convention!!! Now hangin' with my sisters and nephew and his wife, my beautiful niece by marriage! This place is the BOMB Diggidy!!! Great food, the best Mezcal margarita! Our waiter, Bobby is super nice, professional and very helpful! Will definitely come back here when we are back in town!!!Avoid. The entire experience for us was a very unpleasant one. From charging us incorrectly to messing our order up, it wasn't worth the time or money to go here. 
We went on a weekday afternoon so it wasn't busy, we ordered fairly quickly and had to wait a while for our drinks to come out. I ordered a drink that was apart of the happy hour special so I was pretty excited about it. A while longer, our food came out. Both of the tacos I ordered were missing ingredients and when confronted about it, they simply said that's how they come even though the menu says otherwise. 
When it came time to pay the bill, they brought it out with all incorrect pricing due to then not applying the happy hour prices. I went back to tell them and they said they'll correct it. Eventually they came back but my drink was still not listed as the happy hour pricing. After over five minutes of arguing how they were purposely not giving me the deal, I told them to forget it. 
Overall, a terrible dining experience. Food was wrongly prepared and they overcharged me for the drink. Do not recommend this place at all.I used to come here all the time when they first opened. They used to have house made chips, handmade margaritas and table service. It was great. 
Unfortunately now, the service has gone the way of the do-do bird. You essentially stand in line in front of an iPad, and wait on Cisco food to arrive from a Crock-Pot, to your table. 
I can't help but think this will be another failed restaurant at this spotLove their daily happy hour!! $2 tacos and cheap queso & guac. Every day 3-7. Totally worth it! Cute place too.So, how should I begin. The service is not up to par. It took forever to get an alcoholic beverage. Then, they brought our drinks to the wrong table! 
I have to say that the white sangria was delicious though! The happy hour price for a glass of sangria was $5. It's a huge wine glass. 
The queso was disappointing. I expected it to taste better. It was just ok. 
I did enjoy the salsa. I'm not a fan of the chips. I thought that they were too hard. 
The street tacos during happy hour were $2.50. This is a great price. I had the chicken and brisket tacos. The cook was a little too heavy handed with the onions. Wow! 
I enjoyed sitting outside on the patio. It was the best part of this place!It's exciting to see a new restaurant open here...again. We don't have many Mexican style places in Carrollton so it rounds things out a little. 
The menu is pretty small and basic. We had tacos. They were good. I would probably make a trip to other restaurants to get great tacos but for proximity, not bad. They have guacamole, cheese, papas, and other expected sides/apps. I will try a margarita next time, maybe that was the missing element. Overall, there are better places, but it tasty and convenient.I used to love this place. It's a cute little taqueria that USED to have waitresses. I'm not sure what happened, but when I went this time, you have to order at the bar, which was a very slow process. And you have to get your own water, tea, silverware, etc. The whole vibe was different. I want them to bring back the old la casita, with the authentic food and servers! The end.Had a great lunch.  Husband never gives anyone a "5," but this was close!  The shrimp cocktail was delicious, loved the chunks of avocado, reminds me of fresh ceviche with whole shrimp!  Loved that you could mix and match taco choices.  El Fuego Burrito was HUGE and had plenty of flavor for me!! Service was friendly but not overbearing.  Loved the chips and extra chunky salsa.  Will be back for more.We went on a Saturday night, and by far the best service and food we had in awhile. Our waitress/bartender Ali was beyond helpful and very pleasant. The food was extraordinary. We will definitely be back. I recommend this to anyone looking for some authentic Mexican food with great service.My buddy and I were starving, and he really wanted to try this place.  I like the location, off of trendy Oak (there is street parking) and there is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.  Cool house converted to restaurant.   If the weather is nice, I recommend eating outside, as it can get a little loud and it is VERY warm inside, or at least when we went in the evening.  Our waiter Mason was good and attentive, but not annoyingly attentive.  Someone was always filling up our water cups, and making sure we were ok with beers, which is a HUGE plus for me.  It's a full bar, but I believe they don't have anything on draft, in case anyone wants to know.  The first season games were on, which I liked.  I recommend their guacamole as a starter (4$).  Great flavors, in the correct amounts.  Sometimes people over "cilantro-fy" their guac, but La Casita is dead on.  The bad news was their chips were stale, and when they brought out another batch....stale.  To have amazing guac with stale, flat tasting chips was kind of a downer for me.  I ordered two tacos, the el fuego (5$ each), and pollo something-or-other, which I think was 4$.  My buddy order three tacos, and we each ordered a side of rice.  The food took a little longer than expected (20-25 minutes?), but since this was my first time here I cannot attest to what their normal food delivery speed is.  The positives: flavors were awesome in the tacos, and LOVED the guacamole.  I commend whoever put together the flavor/food combos.  The negatives: the corn tortillas for tacos were soggy (note here: I do not like corn tortillas, yes I know, but I like corn chips, work with me), food was room temperature, not hot, and rice was undercooked and room temperature again.  This was a HUGE let down for me.  I would recommend someone who has never been here before to go though.  It's got a cool atmosphere, Mason is a good server, and workers were friendly.  I think restaurant experiences are so individualized that it's hard to base going off one review.  I can't say I would return, but I might.  If I were to go again, I would try their burrito instead.  I think they have a good thing going here, but to have the let downs of the food, well it was kind of disappointing.The food is average, the drinks are decent, the prices are steep, and the service is generally nonexistent. I used to go here for some of the specials (because it's not worth the prices they regularly charge), but they recently got rid of those specials despite continuing to advertise them. If you can make it for happy hour, it might be worth it. Otherwise, don't waste your time.Favorite happy hour in town! Great drinks, salsa, guac, queso, and tacos... A staple for me and my friends.Went with a group last week. Our server Catherine was friendly and had great suggestions about the menu. I went with the baja tacos which were spicy and delicious and the premium margaritas which weren't part of the happy hour, but well worth it. I'll be back next time I'm on Oak.We were a group of 5 for dinner tonight. We ordered queso and chips..,the temperature on the queso was such that the cheese was more solid than melted ....when I pointed this out to the server she took it back to the kitchen and returned with it quickly and said "this is as hot as it is going to get"....I suppose as a paying customer I don't get to have it my way.  Our order came out...my tacos (carne asado and pollo asado) showed up with filling at room temperature...given the reaction to my previous request for warm cheese I didn't dare ask for it to be warmed!  Our order was not filled correctly ( only one taco when we ordered two and no side of rice as ordered)...
Bottom line is you better like the way your food comes to you because making requests for changes will not be tolerated! 
Back away from this place ...I'm going to pretend it never happened and will never return!So this place. We went on a Sunday and I was excited to try it. I always heard about the one downtown and my husband said it was "okay" and a friend tried the new one and said it was really good! Well we sat down with a large group of people and a new right away our service was going to be bad. He came and took the order at one end of the table, and then left and didn't come back for a while! Then comes back and takes our food order. I swear it was like a solid 10-15 minutes. Every time you asked for anything it took a very long time to actually get. Tacos were okay. Beans and rice were blah. I ended up having a short men's hair in one of my tacos so I stopped eating everything but I was never able to tell the waiter because he disappeared for so long that when he finally came back it wasn't worth mentioning. I just wanted to leave. In the end, when we were walking out, we realized he was literally the only person waiting tables. Why is there only one waiter on a Sunday for lunch? That's poor management and also not having like the bartender or bus boy step in and help run food or drinks. They should have worked as a team to help out the restaurant. Needless to say, I'll agree with my husband and say that this restaurant is just "okay."Update:
Went back for a second time and ordered the chips and queso. The chips were an improvement but the queso was insignificant. Also order the chorizo and potatoes and carnita tacos again, I was not impressed. The tacos lacked flavor and it did not "pop" for the price I paid for. I will not be coming back for a 3rd try.One of my absolute favorite happy hours. The bar staff is top notch, knowledgeable, and are great personalities to spend happy hour with. Happy hour, by the way, is 3-7 and the $4 house margs are killer. The tacos and queso are impressive too. Definitely my crew's weekly staple, and shoutout to Milton and Lexi for being spectacular!Fantastic service, great food, and a delightful location! We sat at the bar during happy hour and Lexi, the bartender, was absolutely charming and made great drinks. Will definitely be back!I'm not really sure why people hate on this place.  I love it.  Happy hour is cheap and delicious.  Of the dips, I like the guacamole the most.  I enjoy the margaritas a lot as well.  Street tacos better than papas guapas, in my opinion.  I have always had good or great service.  The place is really cute and the front porch is great.  I've sat at the bar too and the bartenders have been really nice.  The food isn't the absolute best I've ever had, but at the price with everything else in mind, I absolutely love this place and come whenever I can.The service was extremely slow: to come take our order, for our food to come out, to get us our check, to pick up our check.... It also didn't seem too busy from what I saw. 
I ordered tacos and i couldn't even pick them up because the shell completely broke and crumbled apart as soon as I tried to hold them. I had to eat my taco with a fork lol. I also ordered a side of rice and got beans instead. 
Not the worst but not a great experience either.I'd heard of this place time and time again but what finally reeled me in was the happy hour! $2.50 tacos and $4-$5 drinks are a really great steal. The tacos aren't extremely gourmet, kinda greasy but overall yummy. My favorite was the brisket. Service was pretty good and attentive. The music was so on point, very hipster. The neighborhood is a nice walkable area with big trees. I loved the outside porch seating as well. Really cool place to swing by on a Friday evening. The place was jam packed in no time. Also GET THE CHURROS. You won't regret it!La Casita on Oak St: I advise you to avoid this place. The only saving grace was the guacamole. The service was horrible; a hipster self-service disaster.  I'm fine with ordering my food at the bar and then having it delivered, but...water? Self-service, but no water in the jug.  Food came out in three separate trips. We ordered an un-sweet tea and were told 15 minutes later there wasn't any. I ate my two fish tacos, we packed up the guacamole, left the chicken quesadilla practically untouched and got out of there as fast as possible.  We will not return under any circumstance. #lacasitataqueriaThe hostess was very welcoming. Sitting outside on the porch during Happy Hour with a margarita, guacamole, and queso was a great scene. It's on Oak so they have a lot of bike traffic come through. Dogs are welcome. The chips are thick, greasy, and loaded with salt (not saying it's a bad thing... Just what I noticed). The waiter kept forgetting about my friend's Mojito. Two other tables were seated after us, ordered after us, but still got their drinks before us. It took until we were done all of our food for him to finally bring it out. The waiter sort of made up for it by giving us another Mojito on the house, but we were just ready to leave by then. Overall I'd say 4.5, the simple tacos are very filling.My absolute favorite place to go for tacos and margaritas! They have a great happy hour and fantastic staff! Their jalapeño margaritas are the best!My boyfriend and I have been coming here for a while, and although the service has never been stellar, the happy hour specials and food kept us coming back. We went last night for the first time in a while and I will not be going back again. They have a new system where essentially, customers serve themselves. You order everything at the bar, and they bring the food out to you. While the service was faster, this was not the kind of experience I was hoping for. I was looking for a casual sit down restaurant to unwind at the end of the day and this was not it. They also took my favorite tacos off the menu and the "fajitas" they brought me came with green onions and a poblano. Nothing else. No bell peppers or onions. They didn't even give me rice. It was $17. And the bartender then took like 10 minutes to find my boyfriend's credit card when we were trying to close out.  Won't be back.The best tacos and queso!!!! The new chicken mole poblano chile taco is the best taco I've ever had! Great happy hour too!Personally I'm surprised this place only has 3 stars- I've always had nothing but positive things to say about this place! Delicious food, nice atmosphere, and great service :)I had my reservations eating at a Mexican restaurant in New Orleans. Since I have lived most of my life in Southern California, so the southwest has a monopoly on amazing, authentic Mexican fair. The old house turned restaurant is a nice touch. It's got a front porch and patio area to dine in as well as the house itself. It has a trendy vibe and it's clear millennials, though no real experience if they live here, like the food. 
I like the place, the music is too loud to hear your server or hold any conversation across the table. My experience is regarding the interior of the restaurant. The decor is rustic and dark, yet fun and welcoming. 
If you are vegan or vegetarian there are a few choices, but limited. My meal was the veggie burrito. Tasty, but needed a bit more kick on the spice. The ingredients were a blend of rice, red cabbage and avocado and some other vegetables.  Unfortunately, the rice on the side and in the burrito was not cook all through. It had pockets of dry hard rice which was hard to chew. The side beans though had no animal fat, so I was told, were quite salty. The salsa was a mild favor, but appeared to house made. I'm not sure, but the chips may have been outsourced and not house created. I'm not totally unhappy with the experience, but there could be some changes to create a better experience for all, not just vegans.One of my favorite places to sit on a patio and have some good food. However, today I was disappointed to find they have switched to a 'self service' type environment. When we ordered they asked if I wanted to 'keep it open' like at a bar and had to get my own silverware and napkins. This seems like strange considering prices did not lower with no table service. La casita let's get back to the roots and offer a full service environment for your guests.Really disappointing experience. It wasn't busy but the server still took several minutes to come take our drink order, which he then messed up. The sangria was watery and the papas guapas were bland. Both the quality of food and service were really, really disappointing.I was really looking forward to dinner at La Casita after dining at the old location 3 years ago. We made it for happy hour and we were soooo disappointed. The white sangria I've been dreaming about since that first visit was watered down and tasted awful, actually. Service was less than great, street tacos were bland. I wish we'd gone to any one of New Orleans' superb restaurants and skipped La Casita.I will give La Casita Taqueria 3 stars because the service was excellent. We ordered the queso with chips, both were very good. The cebollitas were just ok. For entrees, we ordered the sweet potato and sausage quesadilla, the highlight of the meal. We also ordered the carne asada tacos, what a disappointment.  The skirt steak on the tacos was minced, way overcooked and tasteless. The raw onions and cilantro overpowered the tacos. Tried the green chile sauce, it was a little too hot for my taste.Good margaritas and tacos. Taco salad is ok. If you're used to Texas mex, I wouldn't come here. They don't make their own tortillas :(Great spot for Happy Hour / Dinner combo. Food and service are terrific..plus it was a wonderful value!I gave this  a 2 only because the last time we went here it was better. When we went today for lunch, we were one of two tables in the restaurant. It took us 45 minutes to get our food. When our food did come, 2 of the 4 meals were cold (and were not intended to be that way). The food does not taste awful but the wait and the temperature of the food made this score so low. Our waiter was nice but was not attentive and we were his only table until after our food came and then more patrons came in. The rice tasted like can rice and the beans were extremely bland.
This place has potential but they really need to work on the service.We were staying in an Airbnb across the street from this restaurant so just happened across it. I'm so glad we did! The guacamole was amazing and their happy hour specials are great. They have an extensive wine and cocktail menu and their different taco options are awesome. Everything tasted like it just came off the grill and the chips were clearly homemade.Quick service, Strong margaritas, Awesome flavor!!!! 
Stopped in for a quick bite after my wax appointment. Fast and friendly service! Fresh taste and cute ambience! Definitely will be back to hang and grab a real meal next time!Get the barbacoa and the carnitas tacos! So delicious. Also ask for Leah as a server. She was so sweet during the termite plague of 2016. Helped us move tables and gathered our plates. 
Love this place! AMAZING HAPPY HOUROkay, first things first.  We've been looking forward to this restaurant since we heard it was opening.  We heard the one in the warehouse district had delicious food.  We live 3 blocks from this restaurant and we usually like to eat around our neighborhood since we have really great restaurants.  We went to La Casita on the second day it opened.  It was me, my husband and our 2 girls.  Like the Margaritas, but it took 20 minutes to get. Food was okay, but it took a long time for it to come out.  We spoke with the waiter and manager and told them that the whole neighborhood had been waiting on its opening and they were probably going to get slammed and they need more wait staff/bartender.  We went a second time with some friends. Drinks took 30 minutes to come out and food even longer. Then we went last week on April 14th for my husbands birthday.  Drinks took 45 minutes to come out, Food 1.5 hours.  We got there at 6:00 and left at 8:30. we had friends and kids with us.  Waiter brought wrong orders and said that the guacamole wasn't going to happen.  We spoke with the new manager since the original is no longer there (don't what happened to him.) They have only been open a month and a half maybe and already a new manager.  It's such a shame.  I really wish they make it, but they have to have better trained wait staff.  I worked as a waitress in the past and I know that it shouldn't take 45 minutes to get a drink.  Good Luck La Casita.  Maybe we'll visit in the future, but y'all gotta get your act together.  Jazz Fest is right around the corner and y'all are going to get slammed.I would rate La Casita 3.5 stars.  They're off to a great start at their new location, but I could see room for improvement with the food.
We hit up happy hour (YAY!) on a beautiful afternoon.  They offer a great happy hour!  It's Monday-Friday 3:00 - 7:00 pm.  Big thumbs up for happy hours that go until 7 pm.  The offer is $4 margaritas, $5 sangria, and mojitos, $2 beer, 1/2 priced salsa, guacamole, and queso, and $2 simple tacos.
Our server Jessica was really nice, and her timing on visiting our table to check on us was on point.
The food...  The simple tacos were well filled and the tortillas were cooked perfectly.  My only issue is that I'd love the meat to have more spice and flavor.  It was on the bland side.  If you're a taqueria, can't be afraid to kick it up a notch. The queso was really good, and I loved how they sprinkled fresh jalapenos on top.  My issue was that it's on thick side, so it's unruly once it starts to cool down.  The chips were homemade and delicious, and she kept them coming with no extra charge.
Atmosphere:  A (really nice interior, and a roomy out door area with a front patio.
Service:  A
Food:  B-
Value:  A during happy hour.  B- regular pricing.
Tab:  4 simple tacos, queso, salsa, chips, 2 margaritas, 1 beer = $34 after tax and tip.Disorganized Service, Rude Hostess, Possible Credit Card Fraud?
I have never received such horrendous service (or lack thereof) in my life. My party and I arrived at an admittedly busy time for the restaurant (happy hour) and were told there would be a 30 minute wait. I have been in many restaurants in New Orleans that have said to have such a wait, most much more busy, and have been seated within 15 minutes, so I assumed the wait couldn't possibly be that long. We all decided that was fine, but as we waited, numerous parties (many larger than ours) who had arrived later than us were seated. After 30 minutes of watching such parties be seated by the hostess, one of my friends went up to her, as it was clear that our name had been forgotten. Rather than owning up to her mistake, she told us we were next. Lo and behold, 5 minutes later she seats a group of 3 girls who arrived since she had told us we were next. When I went up to her about this clear oversight, she had the audacity to tell me that they had a table for 3 (instead of our table for 4) and that's why they got seated first.
There is no table in the history of the restaurant industry that can accommodate only 3 people. Are they using triangle shaped tables?
We ended up leaving after almost an hour, as the happy hour had ended and we all had other engagements. 
The most egregious error during our miserable hour at La Casita was not caused by the downright rude hostess (who should never work in the service industry), but the rather likable female bartender. As we were paying for a drink at the bar during our wait, my friends credit card was momentarily lost, then another one was given the wrong credit card, and finally the bartender yelled out "is this so and so's card" to the bar in general! When I brought this clearly dangerous behavior to the hostess she responded with a very condescending "I'm sorry that happened". 
That was the only apology we received during our hour waiting, although our wait was clearly due to the fault of the hostess. I realize the restaurant was slightly busy, but honestly they were nowhere near busy enough to warrant this sort of behavior. 
 I have never reviewed a restaurant on yelp before but this experience was so shockingly and blatantly terrible (and possibly dangerous to people's credit) that I was compelled to make an account.