Let me start with the positive. The space is really cool and the outdoor patio is comfortable and inviting.
That being said, the food was some of the absolute worst I have ever had. The menu leaves a lot to be desired. The food is bland and and arrived ice cold, like it had been frozen and microwaved for its big moment, and the service was slow and painful. No water, no complimentary saltless chips and tasteless salsa, nothing. It was reminiscent of airport food in a place where nary a cactus grows.
We will not be back
.Top notch food and drinks.  The guacamole and salsa are excellent but the chips themselves steal the show.  Happy hour street tacos are $2.50 which is great for such a delicious snack. The drinks are equally impressive. The "cubana" micheladas with the chili salt rim is the perfect combination of salty/sweet/smoky/spicy vegetable goodness---order it with Tecate. Other notable drinks are the mescaline egg white "lady in red" and the "sangriarita".  Nice vibe and a cool staff round out the five star performance.Amazing! Get the lamb tacos! We had the mussels, octopus taco, pork and lamb they were all delicious but the lamb by far was our favorite!! 
Service was quick and efficient, could have been a little friendlier and upbeat but she was focused and got the job done so not trying to complain 
The garden area is nice and next time we go we want to go during the day to enjoy the view in the sun 
Bathrooms are clean and bar was fairly large! 
Can't wait to go back and try some more food and this time I'm bringing guest to try it out too!La Casita is reborn amd rebranded downtown as El Patio just a block from the original location on Julia St.  The new location has new menu items but keeps the theme of LA Casita and features a nice size courtyard in the back.  The Happy Hour also still goes until 6pm, so it's perfect for after work or before a Pelicans/Saints game.  The margarita was fresh and delish.Margaritas on the rocks are just amazing. So these guys moved to this new location recently. The courtyard is the place to sit. 
The tacos are delicious and tasty. I got the octopus and mushroom tacos and there so tasty. 
Again tacos and margaritas, this is the place.Great happy hour! $2.50 street tacos..half off queso, salsa, and guac, half off certain cocktails. I had the sangriarita...it was stupendous. I also had a cubano..not on happy hour but worth it..it's a a michelada. Spicy and delicious:) you can tell that the chips are home made and I love them!! Sooooo good. Eat everything..you can't go wrong!!Great place! Best Micheladas hands down!  very inviting and laid back atmosphere. Highly recommend!! Home maid chips yum!Awesome patio and location but man were we disappointed.  
I've been to the La Casita on Oak - in fact we fell in love with La Casita during that visit making sure we squeezed in time to visit when we're back in town.  
We also really liked El Patio, however short lived it was...
Place was dead at 8pm on Friday night.  No table service which is fine, I totally get it.  The chips were salted with what appeared to be margarita salt and t made for an over kill situation.
Drinks were over sour.  My bet is the sour mix recipe wasn't followed, they were horrible!  Way too sour to truest enjoy.
Tacos were meh - fried cheese taco was bland, veg tacos tasted like the butane torch used to char them.  I think we ate less than half the food delivered.
I would avoid at this point... save your money and go to another Mexican venue.What a cute place! We decided to try this restaurant since they have happy hour tacos and drinks from 3:00-7:00 DAILY. The tacos were tasty, chicken was my favorite. We also ordered trio dip and chips which was perfect for a table of 4. By 7 pm the patio was shady so we moved to the patio which also had fans and corn hole. The service was great but no table service, you order everything at the bar, get a number; and it's brought to you. I really enjoyed this casual but chic restaurant and will be back! Highly recommended for a later daily happy hour specialCute place but service a little tired. Reggae music. Server didn't know meat type for carnita. But good is good. Rice very spicyHad an amazing experience here Sunday night. I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try with my large group of friends (bachelor party). We got here late (about an hour and a half before they closed) and showed up with no reservation. The staff easily could have dismissed us but they did the exact opposite. They went above and beyond to give us a good experience.
The food and drinks were great. I had the brisket, fish, and crispy pork tacos with guac and chips and it was fresh and tasty. Drinks are strong and refreshing. 
The best part about this place was the venue. The courtyard out back was absolutely beautiful and a ton of fun with Jenga and cornhole games. It can fit a huge group and because it was late on a Sunday night we pretty much had the place to ourselves. This private party oasis was high on everyone's New Orleans experience. 
Definitely worth the walk outside of the French Quarter to visit this place.Decided to try something new today. I got the mushroom, beef brisket and pork tacos. The mushroom was my favorite, it was delicious. The other tacos were good but the mushroom was better. They don't have salads on the menu but they made one for my mom using the meat from mole verde chicken taco, which was good too.
I was still hungry after my tacos so I got the elote (grilled corn) it was sweeter than I expected, but still yummy. I was hoping for something spicy. 
We came during happy hour so the wine and beer and some mixed drinks were half off, plus some menu items.
My only issue was the portion sizes (only got a little bit of guacamole and salsa, three tacos didn't fill me up), and they don't have free refills on tea so I spent 9 bucks on tea...
If the tacos and chips and salsa weren't happy hour price I'd be peeved at the size.Happy Hour prices are fair, but I would've felt ripped off if I paid full price.  The cheese dip is almost certainly out of a can or just Velveeta (it turned rock solid after 5-10 minutes, chips were probably out of a bag, the corn was straight up cold when served, and the tacos are as basic as basic can be: no cheese or any type of toppings available to add.)  But what REALLY disappointed me was I had a gift card to La Casita (formerly on Julia St.) which was given to me for Christmas.  I know they had moved/changed to El Patio, but the website for La Casita still directs you to El Patio.  I called El Patio before we arrived and asked if they accepted La Casita gift cards, and they told me "YES WE DO."  Low and behold, when it comes time to pay, none of my gift cards worked because the system wouldn't recognize it, and they made me pay out of pocket.  What's even more annoying, there is no way to check a gift card balance on the back of the card or on the website itself.  I'm not one to argue or make a scene, but I was really disappointed in how they handled that.  The bartender who took my order told me that she was the one who answered the phone earlier and said that I could use a La Casita gift card.  But since she couldn't use the gift card for whatever reason, I was on the hook for the whole bill.  She said one of the managers (formerly if La Casita) might have been able to help, but they were not there that day.  There is practically a 0% change I would ever return to this location.  While the workers were polite, they really didn't even attempt to make things right when the ONLY reason I came to this place is because I was TOLD BY THEM they accepted La Casita gift cards.  The mediocre reviews should've been enough to keep me away, but looks like I had to find out the hard way.  Shame on you.I love this place have been here 4 times since it had opened. The mushroom taco is my favorite with a great smoked flavor. Happy hour is great but I don't come here for the tacos and drinks. The entrees are are amazing. I had the crispy shrimp tonight and the verde mole was finger licked good. El patio is towards the end of Carondelet with little foot traffic but I highly recommend the extra mile for el patio. The ambiance is great. It was originally a bath house. All that is missing is live music.Need more than one taco per order if you're having your servers call it "family style"...misleading.
Delicious everything for Our first time last weektried this new place in the CBD, great service, eclectic flavors.... very cool hang out space on Carondelet.Super cute place with great service and even better noms!  Unfortunately not many people were there when we were so the social media rebranding was probably a smart move!We had a large party of 40 and they were super accommodating. Food was fabulous and the margaritas were fresh!This a pretty decent place in the CBD to grab a taco and a margarita. Their outdoor patio set up was pretty cool and their everyday happy hour from 3-7pm has some great bargains. For me this will probably be more of a place to grab a drink near the house after work versus a place I grab dinner. I sampled the house margarita, mole chicken taco, and the brisket taco. None of which were bad, but also none of which that were over the top so for that reason I will give this place a 3 star rating.This review is for the now gone El Patio Mexican Kitchen and Tequila Garden.
Add this to the list of soon to be closed businesses in 2018.  $5 per tiny taco is absurd and then you get to pay for chips and salsa.  There is absolutely no way this place will stay in business with their current menu and pricing.  Looking at the menu I thought I was ordering a taco plate and not just ONE taco because NOBODY charges $5 for ONE taco!!! The dry bland taco was a .50 cent size and a Taco Bell taco would have been infinitely better.  This is the uber hipster place to go for terrible food at insane prices.  
Overall you would have to be utterly demented to eat here as this is the worst Mexican and one of the worst restaurants in NOLA.   To add insult to injury my stomach is doing salmonella somersaults from likely poor food prep...
Wake up call they need to visit Juan's Flying Burritto, La Casita, Taqueria Guerrero, Felipe's and other area Mexican joints to see how outta whack they are pricing themselves.
The only good news is they had some $4 beers.
La Casita ran El Patio but ran it quite differently than La Casita but fortunately they have recognized the error of their ways and seem to be returning this place to their La Casita model that works.As a tourist, this place is WONDERFUL, especially if you're here on a weekday during happy hour (2-7pm). My wife and I came here on a whim after going to the WWII museum (5 min walk away) and were pleasantly surprised by their cheap and delicious margaritas, mojitos, and tacos. As for ambiance, their back patio is beautiful and the music was perfectly suited to the vibe. The bartender was nice enough to give us a free umbrella to shield from the heavy rain that started as we sat down. 13/10, would highly recommend!Disappointed. We picked this restaurant according to reviews from Open Table. Big mistake! Service was poor. The waitress was slow and forgetful. It took her 30 min to bring an empty glass with an order of sparkling water. I guess she assumed I was going to drink it directly from the bottle. Half of the items on the menu were not available. And, there is no dessert! Menu indicates at least 3 types of dessert but evidently the owners decided not to serve it, however their menu was never corrected. 
Too pricey for the amount of food on the plate. 
Again, ... disappointed.I love this place - great margaritas, tasty tacos, friendly service, huge back patio - what more could you want? Nola definitely has a shortage of quality ameri-mex food concepts, and this place fills that gap perfectly. I'll return always.The ambiance alone (outside patio) is enough reason for me to keep coming back. I've been here several times during happy hour with my family and am never disappointed. The drinks are great and the food is not bad either - it's a win win for me. They have fun games to play outside like Jenga and bean bag toss - and my favorite part of all - their music playlist is GREAT! My family and I always enjoy jamming to the tunes with our happy hour margaritas. I'll continue to support El Patio!I came here with a vendor for lunch.  Not a single person was in here for lunch.  The waitress said oh would you like to try the salsa, queso, guacamole sampler.  We said sure.  The chip couldn't even dip in the queso the chip broke.  The second one that came out was not much better.  Their menu is extremely small.  I ordered the brisket and pork with NO cilantro.  He ordered fried fish and pork carnita.  Both were inedible.  Waitress comes back and says oh the chef put cilantro all over your tacos I can still bring them out though.  So he ate them.  They were so dry no sauce nothing.  Meat raw onions and cilantro.  We receive the bill and the sampler costs $21.00.  We explained that is absurd.  The guacamole, queso and salsa were charged separate.  She did take off the guacamole and queso.  Absolutely awful!  They will never make it!  Never going back!The owner, John Michael, is very welcoming and cares about his food, his customers, and the entire El Patio experience. The ambience was great for a low key evening with friends. Great drinks, great authentic food, and an amazing happy hour with even better prices! Can't wait to come back to try new items.Damn! This place is incredible. Get a Mexican firing squad, smoked mushroom taco, chorizo boudin balls, and squash salad. You're welcome. Ask for Hunter, he'll get you fancy cherries in ANY cocktail.El Patio is a super cute place. The patio is spacious. It's a sweet chill spot to grab drinks. If I'm rating off of décor, El Patio would easily get a 5+. But I'm not. So let's talk about the food:
Ok, definitely check in for the FREE queso. Otherwise, not worth 7$ for taste and quantity. I did not try the salsa (5$) but it's worth mentioning that it isn't FREE. Maybe the guacamole (9$) will be our trio hero? Nope, guacamole was very bland. If salt and pepper was offered tableside, I would be shaking away and even that won't save the day. It needed more of everything (lime, tomato, cilantro, onion). The accompanying chips are the thick tortilla ones.
Papas Bravas 8$. Fried fingerling potatoes that sits on different types of sauces. It was perfectly balanced with flavor. This was very delicious! A second one was ordered. 3 boudin balls for 7$ and a table of 6 did not touch this dish. The texture of the boudin ball was very grimy. I felt like I was eating and tasting dirt.
Elote (2pc/6$). My dining companions seemed to enjoy this. We ordered 3 plates.
Taco 5$ each (Diablo, Fried Fish, Al Pastor, Brisket). The fish taco was the best. Definitely not the best in the city and not best for the price. But best in comparison to the other menu options. The crispy pork diablo, al pastor, and brisket were disappointing. They all lacked flavor and wasn't delicious or satisfying. I love al pastor tacos too and feel like El Patio didn't do justice! (Los Pancho's al pastor tacos are my favorite)
Drinks 10$+. The drinks are delicious. I really enjoyed my champagne margarita. The description said champagne floater, but they just pour champagne over their margarita and the champagne "floats" on top. I had the sangrita. It was okay, bitter ending.great service & great food. amazing presentation. highly recommend! Host is extremely friendly as well!Extremely Poor!  limited menu! Terrible service, rude waitress who had no clue about customer service!Ok...if you're looking for authentic Mexican with some great mixed drinks especially during their generous happy hour, grab a seat at this casual dining restaurant. The restaurant is fine but a little noisy, so I prefer sitting out back in there casual patio atmosphere.
Great mole sauces, street tacos and horchata ice cream!Sat outside for game day on sunday which was a cold day, but was plenty warm with their heaters. Game was projected onto their brick wall. Enjoyed the food and ambiance Very happy to see a generous vegetable section with very not-boring choices such as a salad with spicy granola and various other foodie gourmet goodies. My boyfriend destroyed the pork belly taco. Had both the blood orange sorbet and the Churro ice cream sandwich. Both scrumptous deserts in their own right. Enjoyed the sangria meets margarita drink. The only thing that pulled down my 5 star to 4 was I wish they had more adventurous drink selections, especially if they call the outside seating area the Tequilla Patio. Plan on going back.The food itself was good.  The service seemed disorganized and took longer than it should to get drinks.  They did not provide water or napkins until it was too late.  I ordered a prosecco and what I received was very sweet and tasted more like a dessert wine.
The atmosphere is cute and festive and sitting outside in March was a very pleasant experience.  I would go back but would make sure to order different type of beverage and would make sure to get napkins, etc.Lovely little place with very personable staff. The chips and guacamole were terrific; salsa and queso were under spiced. Get the pork diablo tacos - wonderful flavor!  The papas bravas are also well balanced between heat and acid and creaminess, and the elote are tasty.This was the perfect place for a Friday afternoon happy hour! The courtyard outside is set up nice and is so cute! The service was excellent! We enjoyed guacamole, salsa and cheese dip with margaritas and then ordered tacos and street corn! It was all great! Will definitely be back!This was my third time at El Patio. I loved the back patio area. However the service has changed to order at the bar and they now switch out the tequila listed on the menu for some cheap well tequila for their margaritas during happy hour. My friend even got a full price margarita and they still used the cheap stuff!  I even asked the bartender about it because I watched her make my drink and she straight up lied. I also noticed they switched the tequila back to the menu listed tequila after happy hour. Quite unfortunate and will not likely be back.I have no idea why there are several negative reviews. I enjoyed 2 margaritas, queso and brisket street taco during happy hour. All were so yummy and not overpriced at all. The young man who served me was also so kind and attentive. I will definitely be back whenever I make it back to NOLA. Cute place, great location, patio is huge, yummy food and amazing service!We had the guacamole with homemade corn chips, a couple tacos pastor and the mussels.  All were excellent - perfectly seasoned and highly recommended. El Patio does not have a traditional Mexican menu at all...but I would try anything on the menu based on this experienceWas so excited to try this place! Came during happy hour and sat at the bar for 15 minutes with no greeting. The bartender/wait staff wouldn't even make eye contact with us. Everyone else at the bar had empty drinks and was just waiting and waiting for service. The people next to us got up and got their own place settings. Not a great first impression.Really cool spot considering being located in a very busy area. Parking can be a drag but I think its worth the drive. I am the Original LA Casita location Customer  from the oak Street location so this area had me worried a bit.  However, maybe because this specific day was very slow but I enjoyed the environment. I sat outside which was an adventure due to our wonderful New Orleans Unpredictable weather (seems like we are in water spotting stages) . so I came inside due to the rain and still it's definitely a vibe. There's a lot of Art pieces here as well crafty little designs. Also there's a wall that is so amazing I must say I will be snapping a photo of me on this wall before I leave because it's really dope in color.Considering all the great places to get tacos in New Orleans, this is one of my least favorite. (Along with La Casita which is the same owners and basically the same restaurant). 
For the price, the tacos are incredibly boring. The queso seems like microwaved cheese with little flavor. 
The atmosphere is nice, though.We have been here several times and the food quality is always consistent. Service is prompt and friendly. Love itEl Patio has a great happy hour with half priced specials. Good tacos and margaritas. The patio out back is the perfect destination for a group and is complete with games like cornhole and giant jenga.So disappointed about my experience here because it's so close to where we live.  Let's start with a positive.  Our margaritas and tacos were fantastic!!  If I go back , I'm sticking to just those two items.  Also, the patio is dynamite.  It's a little oasis.  
Now for the negatives... First off, the hostess needs to learn to smile or find another job because she looked miserable and welcoming at all. 
I had heard that they bring your food out twice.  I can confirm this.  We ordered several plates to share.  Some dishes were brought out multiple times.  We had to keep saying, "did we order this?" One of the responses from our very aloof waitperson was your table number was on the ticket.  We expected there to be a battle over the tab but everything was right so as long as we weren't charged multiple times for items we didn't order or eat I'm good but still confusing and annoying.  We were brought chips and guacamole which we didn't order.  They are mediocre at best.  Good thing we weren't charged for them either.  
We ordered one of my favorite Spanish dishes... patatas bravas.  I lived in Barcelona and know what REAL patatas bravas are.  These were no where near what I'm used to.  From a distance they looked like stake medallions drowning in canned spaghetti sauce.  They had absolutely no flavor except cheap tomato sauce.  Typically they are served with aioli. They really should rethink this dish.  We also found a blond hair in them.  I just can't.  So gross. We didn't say anything because we felt like it would fall on deaf ears.  
I was very excited about the chicharrones which were cooked well but need seasoning.  The side of vinegar that was served with them was like someone dumped straight vinegar into the bowl with a little chopped parsley.  They would have been much, much better if they were seasoned properly with a little lime salt to balance out the heaviness of the fried meat.  Definitely a miss.  
Our waitperson left a lot to be desired.  Way to aloof to be working in a restaurant based on a culture so full of life.  Maybe he was stoned.  We noticed that other waitstaff were both attentive to their tables and friendly.  Part of going out to eat is being waited on.  It's not fun being waited on by a wet noodle.This place was very lacking. Took 25 minutes to get our check and to get our card run after we finished the meal. The chips and queso came out and then two minutes later the tacos. The tacos were just ok. The service was very slow. Would not recommend.Tacos were delish! Half price tacos and select drinks from 3-7! Patio is huge and really nice.The patio is very beautiful. 
The staff-- for our first time there, although it said seat yourself, we sat for at least 10 mins before we got back up and went back inside to the bar and asked do we have a waiter. 
No. Bartender gave us a menu and we ordered two drinks. The menu was very limited for options to eat so we opted to finish our drinks and leave. 
This is a new place-- I just wish staff would have been a little friendlier as they looked at us numerous times as we sat "assuming" they had waiters. Never assume but it is a restaurant.I had been wanting to try this place since it was on Julia St.  Sadly, I should have read the reviews first.  So we walked down there and it is a good thing I had the address because there is NO sign outside to let anyone know there is a restaurant inside.  However, there was a "closed" sign but the door was open.  We went inside and the place was empty.  We go to the back and the employees were out on the patio.  They told us they didn't open until 12:00.  It was 11:55 a.m.  So we grab a couple of menus and go sit down.  At 12:00 the server goes behind the bar.  We have to go to the bar to place our order and carry our drinks back to the table.  She delivers our food - unfortunately she didn't know what was on the menu.  They were out of chorizo mac  & cheese, and she told me the beans and rice were "black beans and rice."  They weren't.  It was spanish rice and pinto beans - two things I intensely dislike.  The tacos were decent.  When we were ready for the bill we signaled her behind the bar, but she told us we had to go up there and pay.  How do you tip someone like this?  All she did was bring the food out to us.  She never once checked on us (and we were the only table in the place).  Sadly, we will not be back.**UPDATE** I received a very nice message from the owner. He is going to resolve the bill issues and I hope to be able to go give this place another shot soon! 
Honestly - the food/drinks would have been 5 stars! 
The host who greeted us was super nice and let us pick our table. He got drinks started for us right away. I had a coupon for a free margarita and that was applied to our bill  Our waiter was a little weird - didn't introduce himself, just asked if we wanted drinks. We explained that someone else had already gotten them for us and he seemed annoyed and confused. He walked away without asking if we wanted any food? He didn't come back so the host came over and took our order (very nicely). 
The food and drinks were great!! I'd love to eat here everyday but unfortunately the weirdness only got worse! Over the course of our meal literally 3 separate people (our waiter included) came to our table with drinks that we hadn't ordered. (And then acted annoyed when we said they weren't ours.) When the check came, I put in my card and another coupon I had for BOGO small plates. We had ordered two small plates so I assumed that would be acceptable. When the check came back the coupon had NOT been applied and I was given SOMEONE ELSES CREDIT CARD. I let them know, and then 10 min later I was brought my card and my bill - which the BOGO coupon had still not been applied to. Upon checking my online banking, I have been charged TWICE for our meal. Overall the food was great but the experience was just so confusing and quite frankly a bit annoying. Our waiter "apologized" in the least sincere manner possible as we walked out the door. We are usually not people who write negative reviews but it's clear that this restaurant needs some time to get themselves organized.Great happy hour!!!! $4 margaritas and mojitos! We also enjoyed the tacos for $2.50 each... they were yummy. The patio is beautiful! I will definitely be back.Everything was great from walking through the doors. Food and drinks was great. We went on national tequila day and got a 2 for 1 special. I had the frenchy which was delish. We sat outside in the patio area which had music and a diversity for a crowd.. a plus for us. Started with queso and chips and papas bravas for appetizers. Those Papa Bravas had me feeling the heat in a superior way, just my kind of spice...lol went great with my frenchy margarita tho. Tacos was the entree. I had a frying Nemo and my boyfriend had magic mushroom. They both was great and full of flavor and color. Overall I can say it's a great place to hangout with friends or ur mate. Awesome first experience hereExtremely bland. I wanted to like this place because there's a lack of good restaurants in this part of town. But this place is not hitting the mark.
First off, they charge $5 for chips and salsa. It's not just that chips and salsa should be free (but they should be...). It's that without first knowing if they're decent chips and salsa I'm not going to pay for them because there are only about 2 restaurants in the entire NOLA area with even halfway decent salsa and I'm used to the Southwest where lots of places have good, spicy salsa... for free.
As for the food, it was all really undersalted, and not at all spicy. The mole verde chicken tacos didn't seem to have a drop of mole and tasted like bland, boiled chicken. The brisket was good, however. The emolladas, kind of like rolled enchiladas in a mole sauce, were interesting in that they're stuffed with greens and it's nice finding a Mexican restaurant that serves vegetables (they do eat vegetables in Mexico). But again, it was undersalted, and the mole rojo was really pale. It had a nice, nutty flavor (almonds, maybe?), but it completely lacked the spiciness and heartiness from dried chiles, which are usually in a mole rojo. Moles have a lot of variety so it could just be that I'm not familiar with this kind. But I love moles (brown, green, red, black - all of them). I always get the mole dishes at Mexican restaurants, especially if it's made in house (and not just a jar of Goya poured on top - although I'll eat those, too). And this was one of the blandest ones I've ever had. In the end, this place really strikes me as Mexican food for gringos.
On the plus side, the service was good, and true to their on-the-nose name, they do have a nice big patio in the back. Unfortunately, the pool that was there in the previous place is now filled in, so that seems like a net loss.This food is so terrible it should be illegal. The rice is a crime. The beans are tragic. I wish I had given my $15 to a homeless person. I would have felt better about wasted $$.From the previous reviews, we were looking forward to eating here. That being said, I'm giving 2 stars because the menu and experience we had was totally different. We arrived after happy hour, and thought our waitress may have given us those menus. But no, we had the correct menus. Chips and salsa (or guacamole or queso) is $5. Not sure if the chips are packaged (in which case they had been under the heat lamp to long) or made at the restaurant (in which case they had been overdone and weren't warm). Mainly tacos on menu ( and no lamb, mussels, etc. )about 3 moles. A couple appetizers. Each taco is $5. Even a small eater needs 2. The husband had chicken and pork carnitas. I had fish taco. They were decent, temperature hot. Just not spectacular. Served on flat corn tortillas, lightly cooked, but not crisp. 
Server refilled water, but not my ice tea. 
About the service - attentive at first, non-existent after served our meal. They were not busy. In fact, at one time 6 employees were gathered at the front podium just talking and joking around. We had to ask for our check, and still waited before she brought it to us. 
Lovely space and patio. Comfortable, except for the music (which I often find to loud). Several people at the bar and out on the patio. 
Since we aren't drinkers, I can't address them. 
Server was pleasant. 
Bottom line - if you want dinner, go to (the owner's) other restaurant on Oak Street. El Patio is more for drinkers of tequila or beer who may need a nibble.I had been dying to check out El Patio for a couple reasons...one being that I LOVE tacos. Two, the patio is just lovely!
It's super quiet there midday on a Saturday, and I was 100% cool with that. 
I gave El Patio 3 stars because their tacos weren't special. As a non meat eater there were 3 options. The fish taco, which was fried. I don't like my fish tacos fried, but if I did...they didn't have any fish anyway. There was a smoked portobella mushroom taco. That came out fried too. Why does everything have to be fried!? The other veggie taco they offered didn't even seem appetizing. 
I did order a champagne margarita that was quite tasty.
The guac was just OK. 
Overall, it's a plain Mexican restaurant with a perfect hang out on a not too hot spring day in downtown NOLA.Staff was amazing and helpful with what to do in the city. I'll definitely be stopping by the next time I'm in NOLA.We had a great first experience at El Patio; especially after the success and disappoint of La Casita closing its downtown location. They have a great spot with a beautiful patio that I can't wait to enjoy in the warmer months. We came during happy hour hoping to indulge in some margaritas and tacos. We were surprised by how "grown up" the menu was. We tried the queso ( as good as always with and upgraded chip!), al pastor, albondigas, carne asada and the churro sandwich. It was all delicious! The churro really stood out to me, bringing back Disneyland memories. Another surprise was the garlic collards on the steak, my southern other half wanted bacon added, but my Cali self enjoyed the fresh and crispness. If you are looking for a sit down restaurant and then a place to carry on afterwards, this is your place. Restaurant in the front and party in the back ;)The name says is all, the patio here is phenomenal! It was lovely sitting out there on a nice night. They have pitchers of margaritas if you ask! We weren't fans of the mole but everything else we tried was tasty. The service was iffy, they were in a rush to clear our plates that still had bites of delicious food left on them.  We were there on a Friday night and on Yelp it says they are open until 11 pm but by 9:45 pm it seemed like they were trying to close up. They started playing the entire Kendrick Lamar album (which I love so I was excited about it) and when we were leaving, most off the staff was dancing by the bar. I wanted to join the party but I felt like they were trying to close early that night. I am glad to see more Mexican food popping up in NOLA.I really liked this place. We were lucky enough to arrive while it was still 'Happy Hour'. Many of the menu items were half price. Score! Of course we ordered a bunch of different apps for the table. The tortilla chips and salsa are housemade. It was so good that we ordered a second. I especially liked the elote (street corn). I actually can't wait to go back and get it again! Order one for yourself. You'll thank me later! Both the brisket and chicken tacos were good. The tacos are small, so you will want to order a few if you're hungry. You can't go wrong for $2.50 each! We also tried the papas bravas, which were also great. Our server was very nice and attentive. He was able to answer all of our questions regarding he menu. Oh, did I mention many of their cocktails are also half off during 'Happy Hour'? The blueberry Casarita was great!
They have a very nice outdoor patio/courtyard, which is nice (hence the name I guess). 
I'll be back!This is a glorious haven for anyone who appreciates good food and drinks at prices that are astoundingly affordable. Their happy hour almost made me burst into tears. Their music is great too. The space is large and welcoming, perfect for groups and/or solo ventures (should you want to just be left alone with a strong af margarita). There's a ping pong table. The bartender is an angel who just GAVE US AN UMBRELLA because it was raining and we didn't have one. Overall 14/10, but Yelp is limiting my very emotional rating fueled by a mix of tequila and rum.I attended the Tacos and Tequila event. The tickets were 29.00 each.  They advertised unlimited tacos a and margaritas. What a rip off!!!They had one person outside making margaritas that were horrible.  The line was 15 deep to get a drink.  They would bring out one tray of tacos out at time, they were gone before the waiter could place them on the table.  People were like scavengers trying to get one measly taco.  Management obviously did  not know how to accommodate the amount of people that attended this event. They should have prepared much better than what they did. After all they were aware of how many people would be attending bases on ticket sales.  If this event is any reflection on how they treat customers  I would highly recommend to stay clear of this place.This place great for large groups! If you're looking for a good spot for happy hour or taco Tuesday, look no further. The queso is great and the drinks aren't bad either.I had read great reviews about El Patio, so I decided to visit for dinner during my two night stay in New Orleans. I arrived without a reservation and was seated quickly in the beautiful courtyard. The place was empty.
It's a beautiful view. The location is chic. The indoor seating and outdoor seating are equally attractive. But, the food and service were lacking during my visit. My waitress was absent for long periods without any clear reason. If the restaurant were busy this would be normal, but there were no more than five other guests in the whole restaurant (with probably 100 empty seats). Last, the brisket taco was okay. The margarita I had was very good. But, the taco al pastor was unpleasant and the ceviche did not have the fresh bright acidity I expect from a raw fish dish. 
I don't think I will visit again. This space has true potential to be outstanding and it is a fine place for a tequila drink, but don't venture beyond that.Horrible dining experience! Sat in courtyard, which was nice. One of the margaritas ordered, was extremely bitter and tasted horrible. Took an hour and 15 minutes to get our food and was not impressed.  Had to get up to find server and ask how long our food would be, since they were obviously closing the restaurant down for the night.  She said it takes long for one of the entree's we ordered and then proceeded to ask what we had ordered. It was obvious, she forgot to put our order in and there wasn't any other customers left in the restaurant. So being overly busy was not the issue. 
When the food was finally served,  it was barely room temperature and definitely not the tastiest Mexican food we have eaten. It was dry and didn't seem to be very fresh. Less than mediocre to say the least.  Will not be back!I came here with a friend his words exactly, " This place is F***ing awesome !" We had the 2 taco plate. I had the el fuego & el Cochon tacos súper good both! Little different but delicious. Great place to just go and have a drink and good conversation. 
Sorry for the bad quality pictures. It was on my Snapchat and forgot to save them individually but wanted to give a visualWent here for the first time for a Sunday Funday special they had going on.  It's a giant place with an indoor and outdoor area and not very crowded.  The service was great and they accommodated our whole party. The food and drinks were good nothing exceptional. Very chill place to go for happy hourCame in here after work with some colleagues to hit the happy hour. Who doesn't love a Mexican happy hour right?!....Cheap margaritas, beer, and tacos are always a hit...or at least it's a great way to get me to come out. Lol unfortunately we didn't find any of this here
The patio is pretty legit... heaters for when it's cold out, nice furniture and ample room to hang out. 
So we started with the apps...and we hit all of them. Chips and salsa, guacamole, "queso" and boudin balls. The salsa was great...the rest...well...f'ing terrible. 
1. The the "queso" is a joke... It's microwaved canned cheese. It's already hardening when they bring it out. 
2. I'm not a fan of guac, but at least make it flavorful.
3. boudin balls... there's only three. So don't plan on sharing... but if somebody tries to get you to sample them DON'T. It's just a waste of your time. The are very gritty. 
On to the tacos... we ordered the happy hour tacos,  but they are still $2.50 a piece. They were ok,  but the shells were very soggy because they weren't heated properly.
Now the drinks... the happy hour was priced right...$5 for a couple of different margaritas and beer. But don't call something a patron margarita, and put well tequila in there. I'm cool with well tequila and a great buzz...I didn't get that here thoughI have been waiting to try this place for a long time. Finally made it to their happy hour last night. Location is fantastic. The building is large and clean.There were 4 bathrooms in the womans room. I gotta say that a ton for NOLA. The outdoor area is really nice. It doesn't have the warm/worn feel that most NOLA bars have. I know it's still new, but it feels like they haven't really worked out all the kinks yet. 
The happy hour is pretty good but nothing I would go out of my way for. The non-happy hour margs were $10+. The house marg on the HH menu was solid. But not crazy special. A bit sweet. I did enjoy the salt froth and rim. I LOVE SALT. The chips were decent. Again, ALL ABOUT DAT SALT. We got the 3 dips (guac, queso, and salsa). The salsa was the most uninteresting salsa. It was like squished tomatoes with light salt. The guac was pretty yummy. Heavy on cilantro. I also love cilantro.  The queso was the best. However, it was served in a metal dish. So it lost its warmth so quick in the chilly night. 
I ordered the crispy pork taco. I don't even like pork usually. I really wanted it to be good. Chili glaze? Watermelon Salsa? Garlic aioli?! Sign me up. Unfortunately, it missed the mark. The pork was dry. The salsa was bland. The aioli wasn't life changing. I also grabbed the mushroom taco. It was a fried mushroom. Not smoked. But that taco was LEGITly delicious. 
Service was great. The area was pretty packed but we were still helped and checked on regularly. If I am in the area, I may go back but it's not one I would seek out to repeat.