Great fresh food and awesome service. Highly recommend this place. The beans are awesome.Fantastic food. This little hole in the wall will not disappoint. We were the only people in the whole place when we arrived  and the place was packed with a wait when we left. Low prices and authentic, delicious food!!Finally a true taste of home for homesick Texans! Authentic, well-done Tex-Mex for those back home cravings. They serve real nachos, not those disgusting piles of chips and carnage like most so called Mexican restaurants. If you've never had the pleasure of sampling real Tex-Mex nachos, try the bean and cheese with guacamole. Perfect starter to share. I had the cheese enchiladas with Texas sauce (chile) as an entrée and they were exceptional! Light, not overly cheesy, covered in plate licking good chile sauce. My wife let me sample her Green Enchiladas and they too were outstanding; very nicely done chicken enchiladas in a green tomatillo sauce; light and fresh!
The only miss came in the form of over cooked tostados. I know they were complementary so I shouldn't bitch but really, why serve browned chips? Even though I have a suspicion that the chef put her own personal twist on the ubiquitous lagnapne, I have never seen it before and I wasn't impressed. The freshly made salsa they were served with was a hit though. 
Also, the menu is abbreviated. Missing were the tantalizing combination plates of Tex-Mex lore. No Chile Relanos. No Pollo en Mole. 
So why do I give it 5 stars? Because in comparison to the horrible Tex-Mex landscape in New Orleans this place is an oasis. What foods they do offer are excellent. Anyone would be happy to get this same food in San Antonio or Austin. Hopefully they will expand their menu with specials soon.Nice, unpretentious atmosphere and amazing homemade chips and salsa. Reasonably priced and good variety of authentic Mexican cuisine. Family friendly and there's even some choices for picky little ones. Yummmmm! We'll be back.The rice and beans are so far the best in the whole city!! The tacos were good and the enchiladas were yummy!! So far the best Mex place!Best Mexican food in New Orleans. The salsa is amazing as are the chips and the beans are delicious.Really delicious Tex Mex done right. Just what New Orleans has been needing. I will go as far as to say it's the best Mexican food in town. Highly recommend giving this place a tryThe guacamole and homemade chips are incredible.  Very comfortable setting.  The enchiladas are very good and the prices in general are reasonable.By far one of the best Mexican food I have had in NOLA. Everything is made fresh from scratch.We all know there's a dearth of good Mexican places in the city. Look past the slightly tired decor and chow down on awesome quac and excellent bowls of pinto beans. Yea I know - pinto beans?! Yes. Believe me. 
Had to take off 1 star because the place really does need a facelift but the food is great.Owners were so friendly! Guacamole is absolutely amazing and fresh. The portions were perfect, atmosphere is nice and homey. I would 100% come back againAfter some of the glowing reviews, I decided to get this place a whirl.  To begin, their guacamole was pretty good, and the homemade chips complimented it fairly well.  However, the two entrees (fajitas and flautas) were disappointing.  Both entrees lacked flavor and portion size.  I may try this place again, and if warranted, adjust my reading accordingly.The best Mexican food I've had in NOLA. Amazingly friendly staff, delicious salsa and chips for free. Beans and rice that come with each meal are phenomenal. Tampiqueño might be the best deal in the city.We have been missing traditional Tex Mex since we moved to New Orleans a year ago.   This place takes us back to all the places we used to eat in Houston.   It's wonderful traditional tex mex.  The guacamole was awesome.   Enchiladas just as we like.  Boracho beans.  Well made margarita and michelada.  Will definitely be back soon.I love La Mansion! It may be my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. It is certainly far and away the best TexMex in New Orleans. I have personally never had food this good outside of Texas.
Exceptional, consistent TexMex fare. Highlights are the guacamole, tampiqueña, cactus salad, and the spinach enchiladas. Actually, the biggest highlight may be the beans that come with many dishes, which are phenomenal. I generally find the side dish beans in TexMex places uninspired, but these beans are like something you'd only think existed in your dreams. I googled the place and found the head chef is originally from Chiapas and trained as a chef in Texas, so it makes sense this place is legit.
If you're not eating at La Mansion, you're not living your best possible life.Very good service! The owner and the cook are kind and very professional. Food is delicious and drinks are strong! It's a great place to bring people that you love.Great home made Mexican food.  Mahi Mahi dinner rocks.  The Charo beans are a reason for getting out of bed.  Sometimes we just get beans and rice.  Fajitas to die for.  Breakfast is a great alternative to the regular neighborhood fare.  
Support this place.  The owner, Edwin is a sweetheart.  The chef really knows her stuff.  La Mansion is a GEM.This was one of the best meals I've had in New Orleans. In a city with very limited options for Latin food lovers, this was a truly hidden gem. The chips and salsa were delicious to start and then we ordered enchiladas suizas, the tampiqueno, a chile relleno, and tres leches cake for dessert. I'm not big into red meat, but that was the best steak I've ever had and melted like butter. The enchiladas were divine with just enough spice and a great flavor. Rice and beans were delicious and the child relleno was so flavorful and done perfectly. Hands down best I've had in Louisiana ever. The tres leche cake was also divine. I can't wait to come back again and check out the happy hour and the cactus salad.Things I look for in a Mexican restaurant - excellent margaritas, corn tortillas, salsa, and chips. Five stars for all of the above, plus great service and ambiance. Welcome addition to our neighborhood!Fresh fresh fresh! If authentic Tex Mex is your thing you have to eat here! We had the smoked cheese which was a cheese appetizer with chorizo and spinach it was delectable! Their guacamole was bright fresh and reasonably priced. The paradilla mix was perfectly cooked with just the right spice and char. We loved it and will be back!Awesome food! The salsa is amazing and the service is great! They have a whole section for vegetarian food which is super nice. The chips were great and the rice is also fantastic. Cute lil place and accessible via street car!Mexican food in New Orleans has always struggled, but La Mansion definitely helps to fill that void. Friendly family who runs the place. Their   chips and salsa is so good! Great breakfast food and enchiladas.I love!!!!! Their homemade chips amazing!!! And the salsa is nice not to hot not to mild....unique selection of beers and great house made margaritas.
The main course are simple yet have a traditional "real" Mexican flavor...I feel like I'm in Cancun again!!Why would anyone come to New Orleans and eat Tex-Mex, because of La Mansion, that's why.  Located on the street car line just after St. Charles becomes S. Carrollton at the corner of Maple, just behind Walgreens. 
Growing up in Texas I know two things, BBQ and Tex-Mex, and this in one of the best Tex-Mex restaurants I have been to in years. Fantastic potions of extremely delicious food.  The enchiladas are beefy, cheesy and the steak is super tender.  Couple this with friendly owners, great prices and fantastic chips and salsa  and you have a win-win for everybody. Next time I am back in the big easy, when I have had my fill of oysters and po-boys I'll be back to La Mansion for more.This restaurant is incredible! It's small and cozy, with owners and servers who care and are always pleasant. The food is to die for--authentic charro beans, light, fluffy rice studded with fresh bell peppers, and the main dish is always cooked to perfection. The homemade chips and salsa are the best I've had in New Orleans. Salsa is a bit spicy with smoked peppers. And their guacamole is the perfect balance with tomatoes and onions. It's the best food I've had in an American Mexican restaurant. The ingredients are fresh and tasty; I'll definitely be coming back. Highly recommended!Very happy I tried La Mansion tonight. Fast, courteous service. The margarita was strong and fresh- no mix! The house chips and salsa were wonderfully fresh and I appreciated the roasted flavor of the salsa. Was able to try the chicken, ground beef and shrimp for the taco plate. The proteins were all well cooked and seasoned. I am a fan of tacos only dressed in cilantro and onion (if the meat is well seasoned I don't need it hidden under cheese) but I can see fast food fans being confused. What I didn't expect was that the rice and beans sides would be so tasty and a wonderful compliment to the meal. I am looking forward to trying more dishes on my next visit.The salsa is delicious.  I'd go back just for the salsa.  The atmosphere is fun and the proprietor is nice.  But I didn't like the food (after the chips and salsa).  I got a quesadilla, which was crisp and not greasy, but the chicken was fatty--I actually couldn't eat much of it--and there was too much cheese for my taste.  My (Texan) mother really liked her chicken enchiladas, but they looked very creamy and therefore not to my taste.  It struck me as a very American and especially unhealthy version of Tex-Mex.  Also, the frozen margaritas taste like nothing (not like lime, tequila, or even orange), but they pack a punch.A nice surprise. 
Stumbled in to this restaurant and was very pleasantly impressed with the food and specially the ambient. Will surely be back. 
Friendly owner.Created a Yelp account just to rate La Mansion... We've been trying - with varied success - to find good Mexican/Tex Mex in New Orleans since we moved back from Texas. This is by far the best. Edwin and co. know what they are doing, and obviously take a lot of pride in doing it well. They serve probably the best guacamole in the city, and the homemade tortillas are delicious. Also: breakfast tacos. Not a lot of places to find them in the city and even fewer that make them well. Do yourself a favor and go here. Now.The nachos were hella good and so were the tortilla chips. I would definitely come here again!Authentic, homemade Tex Mex. It was refreshing to see the food is NOT covered in fake cheese sauce, shredded iceberg, or neon Spanish rice. Simple ingredients done well.
Chips and salsa are great, as are the bean nachos.
The entrees such as beef fajitas and chicken quesadilla are large portions, leaving plenty for leftovers!
Friendly service, fresh food that was served quickly.Simple, Tex-mex, comfort food done right.  Enchiladas to die for.  A mixed fajitas in which the beef was tender and sizzling, the chicken was succulent, and the shrimp grilled to a slight char without over cooking.  The seasoning was classic and delicious, the green and red peppers flavorful, and the onions added just the right kick.  The beans were done nicely, though I am not a cilantro fan.  Also, the chipotle salsa with the chips was, again, very flavorful, not overly hot but piquant.  Really an enjoyable meal.  Quality cooking, nothing fancy, but if your meal is like ours, you'll want to come back.  And it's easy on the wallet.
We noted a few veggie dishes on the menu including a spinach enchilada.  We'll have to try that next time.Best Tex-Mex in The Big Easy!!  Margaritas that you can actually taste the tequila in.Not many places are open on Monday, so we thought we were settling for this place. NOT SO! It was fantastic. A great family run place. I love that their son helps and is learning/has learned the ropes. Food is delicious. Service is great. Comfortable, family atmosphere. I'll be back!The food is incredible!  Great atmosphere!  Such genuinely nice people that work here!  I had the camarones Diablo and it was a good spicy dish!  Top shelf margarita was on point!  Top of my list of Mexican food in Nola!  Will be back!Absolutely great Tex-Mex!!! Ate here for the first time tonight and the Margaritas are fabulous the Chile relleno is the best in New Orleans and the atmosphere is great for relaxing after a hard day at work. If you are in the riverbend area of Uptown you must try this place.We came into town for Christmas & heard this was just opened 3 months ago & we were not disappointed 
Best salsa & guac I've had
Skirt steak was awesome so we're my 3 tacos, 2 chicken 1 beef 
Homemade chips & salsa that sneaks up on you with the heat factor sooooo great thank you Edwin for a perfect Christmas dinner3.5/5 chorizo cheese
first. chorizo queso. i mean, just do it. cmon why not. it'll cure your hangover. wandered in with a coworker, and i have to admit, i wanted her dish more. 
it was pretty quiet, with just one guy (owner?) working the entire floor. he took our order and brought out some chips, which were tasty with this chipotle-like salsa. we ordered the chorizo queso and ended up needing a chip refill.
i got this sizzling dish that was good - sorta like a mixed fajita situation. it came with rice and beans and was definitely hot on arrival. my friend got this interesting mixed plate - had skirt steak, a great enchilada, and some other stuff. i think i'll definitely be ordering that next time, given it had a whole mix of things that i wanted in my mouth!
finally, it is always michelada hour. this one came in this big gulp type cup, at first i had to laugh at myself. but it was sufficient for the whole meal and was pretty zesty.
will be back!Wow, just wow.  Having endured months of listening to people on Nextdoor rave about the great Mexican/Tex-Mex food at La Mansion, I finally decided to try it. Judging by the great reviews on Yelp, you'd think that was a safe bet.  But remember, folks, this is Yelp, where the phenomenon of getting "Yelped" was born--that is, when people go on and on about how the restaurant/service is "the best they ever had" and you find out it absolutely sucks....  In the case of La Mansion, if you want to get yelped big time, go and eat there.
Where to start?  Spanish rice?  The rice has nothing whatsoever to do with Spain, Mexico, Texas or anywhere in the world of rice made for traditional Mexican dishes. The seasoning is completely wrong, thus the texture, taste, color and everything else about the rice scream, "I have nothing to do with Mexican food--help me!"  The "grilled shrimp"?  This shrimp is either par boiled or cooked in some other fashion and then possibly--I repeat possibly--thrown on a flat top or maybe on a grill for the length of time it takes to say, "I am not a real camarón!" The "cilantro enchiladas?"  Awful.  A bland, ream-based sauce that was barely flavored with cilantro, smothering bland "shredded chicken" in a tasteless wrap. The chicken is not cooked in any way that resembles authentic Mexican or Tex-Mex food. 
I lived in California much of my life, and have visited Mexico and Texas on many occasions. Any street vendor in most any city in Mexico (and these days, Texas) produces food that is in a class far above anything I ate at this restaurant. The same comment goes for most of the routine taco trucks in Los Angeles, San Francisco, El Paso, Portland, etc. Great refried beans?  Amazing "Puffy" tacos?  Intense use of cumin?  Nope. Nope. Nope. I do not understand this place at all. And by the way, what does the name "La Mansion" have to do with anything Tex-Mex?
I'm glad everyone likes the "homemade chips" here. Perhaps they're great. I didn't eat any of them. But the beans, rice, chicken, shrimp, etc., borders on awful. It is not memorable, it is not good tasting, it is not Tex-Mex or Mexican food. Maybe the cheeseburger and fries are great, but I will not be finding out anytime soon.A new low priced alternative in town. Opened yesterday,came by for lunch today. Fresh,flavorful,CHEAP!!! 5 of us filled up and left with (small)go boxes for $70.00. Will be back to try breakfast.Don't know how they will be able to keep prices this cheap so get here before the inevitable price increases start.Loved the homemade chips, the salsa and guacamole!. Not too impressed with the meal though. The "quesadilla" was just cheese and a protein....and it wasn't  grilled. LOTS of cheese. It comes with two on the plate, but as you see in the picture, only 3 shrimp (small) on each, so I took the shrimp an put them all on one. Also...the shrimp were not deveined. It takes about 30 second to devein 6 shrimp. The chicken quesadilla was just as skimpy. The rice is just plain rice, but the beans were pretty good. I will give it another try, but probably  just drinks and dips.Delicious authentic Mexican food in Riverbend. Complimentary salsa and chips were awesome .Food was very fresh and tasty. Best mexican I have had in New Orleans in a long time. Margaritas were excellent as well. Definitely will be back and definitely recommend.We nearly walked away tonight when we noted that there was not a single soul dining here. However, we took a chance and are so glad we did! I judge all Mexican restaurants by the tortilla chips. Once I bit into the first homemade chip, I knew we made a good decision. Thick and crunchy, these were not wimpy chips! 
I had cheese enchiladas with tomatillo sauce - EXCELLENT! My husband had three tacos - fish, shrimp, and carne asada. All were quite tasty. The biggest surprise was the beans! Not your usual pile of mush, these yummies were cooked whole and served in a crock. Will certainly come here again!Fan.Tas.Tic. 
Homemade chips. Great salsa. Delicious sauces on enchiladas. Tasty margaritas. 
I had the Cilantro Enchiladas. The sauce was mild and creamy. The chicken was moist and delicious. My lady had the Chicken Enchiladas and loved them. She is from Texas and has been looking for good Tex-Mex in New Orleans and we are super excited to find it. 
This is my new favorite Mexican in NOLA.Authentic food! Salsa was fresh & spicy. Very clean restaurant, the staff is friendly. Hidden Gem!Delicious and authentic!! We live the homemade chips and chicken cilantro enchiladas. Don't miss this special family run restaurant.Best Mexican food in New Orleans. Wife and i both had the suisa enchiladas and they were fantastic. Homemade chips and salsa that put everyone else to shame. The service is great. Very helpful and even made recommendations. The only drawback was the cocktails had alot of opportunity. I will definitely go back when i want Mexican. I'll just order a beer next time.This food is so fresh and tasty! Love the chips and salsa. The enchiladas are so seasoned and delicious. Try this place out soon! Best Tex Mex in NOLA!!!This place is great-and the owner said he's making moves towards local produce...maybe even buying from me! Sauces were great on cilantro jalapeno dish!Yummy!!!!! The best salsa and homemade frozen margarita. I got the cilantro chicken enchiladas (highly recommend). My boyfriend got the tacos and loved them. Definitely visit this new place.Fresh Fresh Fresh. The best Tex-Mex we have ever eaten. The salsa was amazing, enchiladas home made, chips, churro beans everything was home made with lots of love!!!!!  The best in New Orleans.Queso, enchilada, and frozen margaritas were fantastic. I'll be back soon to try more. The chicken enchilada had great flavor and spice and the smoked queso is real big. Oh and the salsa (first one is free) is top notch.The nachos were fantastic. Decent enchiladas and rice. Didn't like the beans very much. 
The riverbend location is fantastic. It's just a gorgeous neighborhood and the restaurant is conveniently right off the streetcar route. Above average decor.Ate here for the first time yesterday and was so impressed.  From the homemade chips and salsa (awesome chips) to the cilantro chicken enchiladas my wife had.  Really good.  I had a skirt steak that was perfectly cooked and had a wonderful flavor.  Really nice people there, too.  The only thing this place needs is more people.  It was empty when I went in.  Hungry for Tex-mex?  Get down to old town Carrollton!Tasty, satisfying Tex-Mex. Nothing fancy but the ambiance is pleasant and the food is flavorful.  Fresh salsas and guacamole and chips fried fresh for each customer.  A great meal for the price and a full bar too.  Friendly service.  Loved the cheese enchiladas and the charro beans. I'm so glad this has come to my neighborhood!In the mood for Spanish food, we ventured into this cozy little restaurant the other night, not knowing what to expect. This is not a place that will catch your eye right off the bat. In fact, if it wasn't for yelp I probably would have never even heard of it. 
A little skeptical walking in to an empty restaurant, we sat down and were immediately put at ease. The owner, a nice guy from Guatemala graciously welcomed us and brought us hot chips and salsa. The chips as previous reviews stated are a little thick and slightly oily, but edible. Not my favorite but whatever. The salsa is decent and has a nice little kick to it. Our food was brought out shortly after that. With recommendations from Edwinn, the owner, my husband ordered the cilantro chicken enchiladas accompanied by charro beans and rice. I ordered the skirt steak fajitas which also came with charro beans and rice. They did not come with tortillas which I found to be a bit strange. I was charged $1.50 extra which surprised me when I saw my bill. I thought fajitas automatically came with tortillas?? Whatever... 
All in all, both of us enjoyed our meals, with the enchiladas being the best thing on the table. I would definitely come back for those. The beans weren't the best I've ever had. I'm a huge fan of charro beans and those I find lacked flavor. The rice was decent though. If you're looking for a quaint little spot to get tex mex that won't break your pockets, I would recommend it. You won't be blown away, but you also won't be disappointed either.Muy buenoI normally do not do reviews, but since I have been in new Orleans for 3 years now in search of good Mexican food I felt like I needed to write about this place. I am from Los Angeles the second home of Mexicans. My mom was born and raised in La Puente and I lived for Mexican food. Who knew moving to New Orleans for school was going to be the death of the food lifestyle I grew up eating. Finally after a few attempts with Felipes, Panchitas, Taqueira Gurella, Juans and plenty more. Don't get me wrong they were good, but finding authentic food that I would find was a fail, until I came across this place today. It's a cute little place that wasn't busy. Starting with homemade chips and amazing salsa, I also got the chicken enchiladas which were equally as amazing. It was really hot which meant they took it right off the stove. I'm beyond satisfied with this place and will keep continuing to try and explore the menu.Fantastic, flavorful food that was freshly prepared. Menu was more than just tacos but I'm sure those are great too! Was sad to see the Indian restaurant close-by this is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.The green enchiladas were amazing!! Also had the chicken tortilla soup (which was a huge portion) it was authentic and came with fresh avocado slices!Came here with my friend last night, and our meal was delicious. Prices are very reasonable, and servings are large. My friend got a margarita, and she said it was on point. Service was quick. Owner is friendly. I'm in love with the complimentary homemade chips and salsa!Ahhhmazing Tex-Mex.  Homemade tortilla chips, great salsa and queso, and superior enchiladas.  New Orleans has been yearning for a place like this, and I'm happy it exists.I had a very different experience than many other Yelpers apparently. 
Let's start with the chips. My girlfriend and I differed on this point. I thought they were too thick and too greasy. My girlfriend really enjoyed them and the fact that they were homemade. The salsa was ok, nothing to write home about.
Now the reason for my 2 star rating, the steak tacos I ordered. These were literally just steak in the tortillas with cilantro and onions on the side (along with a side of rice and beans). Now, I won't presume to say what authentic is, but I will say that if you give me meat in tortillas it better be damned good meat. This unfortunately was not. The steak was very very well done and tough to chew. By the end of the meal my jaw was actually sore. To be completely thorough and fair I must say that the taste was OK, it just seemed to me that either they massively over estimated the time to cook OR, and in my mind more likely, reheated the meat from earlier. 
I will likely go back and give this place another try but it will be a while.We discovered this place 10 days ago and been there three times already! Delicious tex-mex and Margaritas. Very nice owner and great atmosphere. Feels very authentic.Best Mexican food in the area....Nice people too....I ordered the Tacos my wife got spinach enchiladas both great...Great Guacamole and Margaritas !Love this place. Great food, great salsa, great margs. Wish the margs were a little cheaper, it would bring me in a lot moreDefinitely a thumbs-up and we'll be returning.  Reasonably priced.  The waiter/owner was super-friendly.  Good margarita.  The boy had beef enchiladas and he said they were the best he's ever had.  I had the tacos -- which is the reason for 4stars instead of 5: as previously stated they are simply meat in a tortilla with onion and cilantro on the side.  I understand that this is traditional and they were delicious; but it would have been nice to at least have had the option to order a side of lettuce/tomato.  Beans were presented a bit unusually in sort of a soup.....but it was Delicious, especially with some of the rice thrown in.Being from Texas, thought the enchiladas, chiles, salsa and chips were as good as Texas. Nice change of pace from great food of City!Enjoyed the food here for the most part, but regretted it for about 2 & 1/2 days after, possibly thanks to the side of watery beans that were served with my entree. Good flavor, but lord... Great salsa though.Service was friendly and the salsa and guacamole were also nice. The entrees were pretty bleh though.  There's a difference between "subtle" and "bland", and unfortunately the chicken enchilada with cilantro was more "bland" than anything.It was date night tonight with my little man and he wanted steak. We drove around the neighborhood, and I thought we should see what was new on Dublin St. We saw La Mansion with an open sign, so decided to try it. The owner, Edwin was lovely to us, telling us about the business and keeping up with my chatty boy. My son asked for cheese dip and Edwin produced a large bowl of fresh made queso, roasted salsa and just made chips that made us both happy. Cheese, Sigh! Anyway, we ordered two ribeye dinners, an unusual offering for a Mexican restaurant. The steak plate was large and full of salad and rice that was rich in chicken broth flavor with a decent piece of meat for a $17 plate. I want to go back and try their more Mexican fare. I liked that they make everything handmade and fresh. Worth a second try for sure and prices very reasonable.Everything here tastes homemade, from the chips (complimentary with spicy salsa), to the sour cream.  Enchiladas came with large helpings of rice and beans and were delicious.  The margaritas were also wonderful.  It's a comfortable setting in a restaurant-filled neighborhood and the prices put this place at the more affordable end of the competition.We've enjoyed their food for over a year (almost weekly) it's about time I write a review!  Their food is so delicious.  Everything is fresh and flavorful, even often overlooked sides like the tortilla chips and rice.  I order the Camarones a la Diabla every time, it is so yummy.  Very spicy and richly flavorful sauce.  For extra kick I order roasted jalapenos on the side, even though honestly the dish is already very spicy (I'm a spice addict).  My husband either orders the same or their Green Chicken Enchiladas, also delicious.  We also get a side of their chipotle sauce to use as a simmer sauce for a meal during the week.  We always do takeout because we live close by, and its an easier option with my little one.  
I can't recommend this place enough, we just love it!I will make this review short and sweet. This is a small, quaint neighborhood restaurant owned by very hard working people.
No fancy furniture, what-you-see-is-what-you-get. I love the food, I love the spice, and I love the homemade tortilla chips. No store-bought tortilla chips in this place.  Dipping sauce is awesome! Tortillas are also made in the restaurant as well. Authentic Tex-Mex food from good people! Nothing fake is sold or made in this restaurant! Handmade or bust!I've been here a few times and each time I am greeted by the owner, Mr.Guzman.  He is very attentive. So far I've had the tacos and the nachos. My favorite dish is the chori queso, but instead of the sausage in it, I get ground beef instead. I also love the margaritas, they aren't too strong but perfect enough where you just need to purchase one. I usually never wait over 15 min for my food to cook and the chips are always freshly dropped. Love this placeLa Mansion has amazing food!! The homemade chips and salsa are fantastic, and the cilantro enchiladas were some of the best I've ever had.Surprising to not have the best service in a restaurant with barely 7 people in it, but it happened. 
I've been on a mission since I moved here to find good Mexican food, coming from Los Angeles this has been a task! 
I ordered the spinach enchiladas and a mango margarita. The spinach enchiladas were ok, definitely nothing to write home about. It comes with a thick cream sauce, with very little flavor and two dollops of sour cream...which was overkill considering how rich the sauce was. I asked for cheese & onions to be added to my enchiladas as I wanted a little more substance to the enchilada...it only came with spinach inside. The cheese was lost in the thick sauce, I couldn't taste or find it...yet I was charged and extra $1.50. Also, there was so little spinach, all I could fast was the cream sauce and tortilla. 
The margarita was good and it had a nice kick to it, just how I like my cocktails. The glass has a light chili dust around the rim, which complimented the drink very well! So much so that I ask for my margarita to go with a little extra chili to be put in the cup, I was told this would also be an extra charge. After being completely shocked, I said never mind I'll sprinkle some when I get home...the waiter then walks away from my table loudly proclaiming that nothing is free! 
I was completely taken aback and rather offended by his outburst, at no time did I ask for anything free, I was just extremely taken by his desire to charge me for extra chili, which is essentially the equivalent of salt! 
Overall it just was not the best dining experience at all, the waiter seemed annoyed by my presence and every question I asked. I will not be returning and I'd be very hesitant to recommend. 
Their home made chips were indeed yummy though!Our first visit to La Mansion and we are planning to be back soon. After many years in Texas and having great TexMex at our whim our expectations have finally been answered in New Orleans!! Edwin is a wonderful host but Veronica makes all of the magic happen in the kitchen! Hubby had shrimp Diablo and I had the cilantro enchiladas, each delicious and both accompanied by a great margarita on the rocks. Their chips and salsa are delicious and are house made as well as the tortillas. Prices are more than reasonable and we felt welcomed from the time we walked in the door. Great little neighborhood spot that we won't mind driving across town for - Thank you Edwin and Veronica, hope to see you soon!!We had an early dinner there this evening. It was our first time and were invited by friends. They are regulars and were surprised we hadn't been yet because we work nearby.
 Edwin greeted us and had us seated at a comfortable roomy table in no time ( we all know how small and cramped tables can be at some places)
 It was the home made chips and salsa and a round of margaritas with rocks and salt to start. LOVED the salsa! The Margaritas are so much better than most.
 We had four different meals and they were all wonderful. I had the three tacos, with one each: fish, shrimp and chorizo and I will have them again.
 I will have to try the cilantro and chicken enchiadas...they looked amazing. There were steak fajitas and  another order of enchiladas at the table. A clear idicator: there were no leftovers to carry home and we were
all well filled and pleased with our meals. one to-go flan ordered and it was reported to be exellent. 
 I'm not sure whether to thank our friends or unfriend them... This place is way to close and way to good...We'll be back!Great food, reasonable prices and wonderful service. Only drawback is the diving around some of the worst potholes in NO.