Amazing, fresh, and flavorful food! I came for Sunday brunch after seeing the crazy line outside of Refuel cafe and was not disappointed. Best plantains I've ever had in my life. The chicken flautas were out of this world and the tortilla that my breakfast burrito came in was phenomenal and authentic. The papusas were great too! Service was great. I'll definitely be back again.It's such a battle when you want to lick the plate but know that these typical dishes should not be as pricey as they are. While I can't compare apples to oranges and say that Central American food served in the US should be more appropriately priced, I'd like to see the whole package at brunch really represent! 
Listen to what they say: they do have some yummy pupusas (probably tied with Los Paisanos) and their brunch features such good vegetarian tamales! They are BYOB as some others have noted so bring your Dos Equis if you're looking for that beer with dinner (or breakfast!).Excellent Latin American food in a small space in River Bend. Manny, the owner, is very friendly and makes sure you have a great experience!  Enjoy!A  week in New Orleans, and many fine meals; mostly in the French Quarter.  We were looking for something different, and stumbled into LaMacarena and its amazingly friendly staff.  Foods were recommended, samples were tasted, we had a fine and not expensive supper. The pupusas were fine, but so was everything else we had, including the chocolatey beverage the owner's mother makes.  Yeah mom!We were here for breakfast. We are not new to Central and South American cuisine but found the flavors here absolutely wonderful! The fried plantains even made our picky toddler ask for "more!". One of the highlights of our trip to New Orleans!I went with a large group, and we received fantastic, personal service from the manager. We got a great deal (free, all-you-can-drink sangria as long as everyone ordered an entree) and complementary drinks were served to two in our group that were graduating from Tulane the next day. The wait for the food took a while, but there were 8 of us and we weren't in any hurry. The food--especially the fried plantains--was incredible.
Once you get your fill of po boys, make sure you check out La Macarena.Authentic tasting Latin food. We had our order to go. The pupusas were great (we had the vegetarian ones), as well as the sauce and the slaw. We had the plantains (hard to find a place that know how to make them well), the tostadas (had the avocado and beans) were really nice too, as well as the tamal, which I had previously read to be a must. The only con is that it's a little pricey for what you get, but worthy if you are craving your latin goodies.I admit, I had never tasted a pupusa, but when my latin american friend took me here I figured he knew what he was doing.... and I loved my food!! Starting with a delicious fresh guacamole and fresh, hot flour tortilla chips, we then got freshly made pupusas with fried plantains, black beans, and the accompanying sauces (all homemade and delicious).  I couldn't finish my plate and took it home to my partner, who loved it as well.  can't wait to return and try some of the other specialties - the lunch menu is smaller but the dinner menu has tons of stuff to check out - including yucca dumplings, sounds delicious!  Also fruit drinks which are perfect with this type of food.  They do take out as well as it is a little small and probably gets crowded at night.This is a wonderful neighborhood gem! A friendly staff that welcomes you in like an old friend.  
The menu never disappoints!  I have tried multiple items on the menu and try something different each time.   
If I could give more than 5 stars I would! This place rocks!!!Short review: the restaurant ain't as exciting as the song.
Long review: I've been here once for dinner and, most recently, this morning for breakfast when the adjacent Refuel Cafe was full.  The staff - especially the owner - are quite nice and hospitable, although I have yet to get a water refill without asking.
The agua frescas are good (ask for half-and-half mango and blackberry) and the horchata is great.
My dinner was tasty enough, although the place is so dark that you can't really appreciate the color or shape of the food, which I find to be a detriment to the overall experience.  The pupusas are pretty tasty with a side of garlicky black beans, although it's difficult to justify a $15 to $20 dinner price for what is probably the Salvadoran equivalent of our red beans and rice.
For breakfast, I had one of their overtly self-promoted burritos.  I was excepting it to be remarkable based on how strongly it's advertised, but it was a letdown for a couple reasons.  First, although the burrito was advertised as containing egg, cheese, and chorizo, it was almost entirely egg, with no detectible cheese and a wimpy, skinny half sausage hidden in the middle.  In a burrito like this, egg should be the binder or the uniting element, not the equivalent of insulation in my attic.  Second, and related to gripe number one, there was no compelling flavor.  Imagine eating a tortilla full of bland eggs, washing it down with an admittedly yummy mango agua fresca, and then paying $16.00 in cash.
I respect this place for being small and folksy, and I want it to succeed, but I don't think I can find a place for it in my pantheon of favorite Uptown eateries.Soooo, I am from Miami and a latin man of Brazilian extraction, so Salvadorian food is not really my forte.... however, I have heard of pupusas but never had one. Seen em'... been around them. Just never consume one. And I didn't on the day my lady friend and I visited the establishment ( we were overflow from Refuel Cafe next door)... anyhow, we had the breakfast burritos ; veggie and southern.
Positive: the food was great.
Negative: No credit cards accepted and the service can be slow, but friendly.
I will def go back and have some pupusas, although, I am afraid that I might wait a while again.
Respectfully,
I.When I saw this restaurant offering pupusas right smack in the middle of the river bend, I couldn't help but get excited. When I walked out, I left disappointed, head down, still hungry and felt ripped off- this place feeds off gringos that don't know any better and homesick/nostalgic Central Americans like myself.
I ordered a plate of pupusas. (Comes with 3). When I placed my order I was hoping to satisfy my nostalgia and hunger. I have eaten REAL pupusas in El Salvador AND I have relatives from El Salvador. Aside from that I've spent the last 4 years in Central America.
Here's what went wrong:
1)I ordered Pellegrino water. They served it to me at room temperature with a glass with ice that I had to give back the waitress because it smelled like raw egg! I asked the waitress to exchange my glass but never got offered another pellegrino since the first one had to be dumped out with the dirty glass they served me in the first place. Not to mention raw egg can carry salmonella.
2) I ordered cheese and chicharrón pupusas. The cheese wasn't 100% "quesillo"... I can tell that is was blended with mozarella(cheaper). Quesillo is slightly salty and stringy since you have to import it... It's pricier. The other problem was that the chicharrón was nonexistent. The chicharrón is what gives the pupusa its crunch. Well forget that.
3)After the tip I paid $20 for this. Such a rip off!
4) To make matters worse, this "business" does not accept credit cards! I paid $3 to use their ATM.
5) I also got overcharged. I only ordered the pupusas by themselves (without any sides) but I was charged a full platter. That's why the total was $17.
The fact that I was the only one dining there should've hinted me.
Never again!
On a positive note the waitress was friendly.Some of the best pupusas I've ever had and I'm a native from Central America. I've tried it all. The owner was very hospitable and friendly. Clean,cute, and comfortable atmosphere.If you're looking for authentic Central American and Caribbean cuisine THIS IS IT RIGHT HERE! As a Salvadoran woman myself I can say that these are one of the BEST Pupusas I've had in the states. A visitor to New Orleans this was by far one of the best meals I had in the city. The restaurant is beautiful and feels just like home. Manolo the owner took care of us and is extremely kind and welcoming. If you're looking for amazing Central American/ Caribbean food with even better service, this is your spot!!Pretty awesome.   Apparently Drew Brees thinks it's the best latin restaurant in New Orleans.   
First off, get the chips with guac.  Salty, delicious, and spicy.  :)  
I also ordered the Salvadoran enchilada and cheese, pork pupusa (I think...) and it was really tasty.  Pupusas look kind of like pancakes...? with stuff baked/fried into them.  They're fluffy and white and you spread black refried beans on them with some kind of pickled lettuce on it.  I've never had them before and I was pleasantly surprised.  
Also, plantains were so good.  They weren't overcooked and you could tell they were fresh made.  
For dessert I ordered the tres leches cake which I couldn't finish because I was just too full and it was really sweet.  I did not regret ordering it.  
Next time I will try the carne asada.I was trying to show my friend Salvadoran cuisine for the first time and I've given this restaurant way too many chances. They charge for refills. The server forgot to bring me beans and didn't do anything upon the brown hair I noticed on my friends plate. Overall  the entire meal and restaurant has lost touch and flavor. I'll be going to fiesta Latina on Kenner from now on. No wonder there are no guests every time I show up. I'm warning everyone if you're reading this and  I should've taken a photo of the brown hair.Weekend brunch. La Macarena boasts the most amazing and wonderful and insane breakfast burritos I have ever tasted. Scrambled eggs, cheese, avocado wrapped up tight with a side of fried plantains and creamy black beans. Lovely staff and friendly atmosphere. Perfectly Latin, perfectly Nola.I tried the stewed chicken, it is with tomato sauce, tastes ok, a little light. Maybe add some salt will make it tasty.
Also the special drink called Homemade Horchata is ok, which is sweet drink with chopped rice and some nuts.
Cash only.As a Houstonian, we have many Latin restaurants, so I was excited to see what Nola offered. Disappointed in the food. Overpriced and I've had better pupusas. Don't bother.Went here twice while I was in town, and both times were delicious. The group I went with basically ordered the entire menu both times, and nothing was disappointing. 
The atmosphere was friendly, the food was awesome, and I'm definitely going to go here again next time I'm in New Orleans.Came here for lunch/brunch on a Sunday.
Shared the Central American Breakfast and, I think, The Cosmopolitan Burrito with the gf.
Here's what I liked:
No rice filler in my burrito!  Sometimes I like a ginormous burrito with rice and beans in it but this was a cut above and didn't need that stuff.
The Huevos Ranchero, plantanos, crema, black beans (more like black bean soup but great for dipping or pouring over the burrito).  
Pupusa - Liked what I got and I'd definitely  try the pupusa platter next time.
Cons:
None
Other:
This place was really nice, small but not too cozy and our server was very good.As a passerby, always thought this was Mexican food but it is not(totally OK, just sayin). It was absolutely delicious, and feels like you're eating at a family's house . As opposed to Pepperoni's across the street, which was crawling with loud kids. I'm not v.food adventurous so tried Isabella's stewed Mayan chicken-was NOT disappointed. Its cash only and average entree price is around $17 so just come prepared w/your cash-o-lah. Will be back!The food is AMAZING!!!!!! The service matches the food! The restaurant is cozy and welcoming.  I will be back!I keep intending to write a review of this place after I eat there, but then I'm all full of yumminess and instead I just walk around going, "Mmmmmm" for a while. As Joi B said in her review, the refried beans are amazing. So amazing that I have sort of given up on making refried beans at home because mine taste nowhere near this good. 
I generally get one of the vegetarian platters (yes, there is more than one vegetarian platter, because life is fantastic) with a couple pupusas, a corn tamale, and some rice and beans. It doesn't sound like a lot, but it's pretty filling - and extremely tasty. The waiters are always friendly, and I usually see the chef (a very nice Salvadoran lady) come around at some point to check on things.
A few logistics, mostly covered by others but worth restating:
1) No credit cards. There's an ATM in the restaurant. They also take checks from locals, in case that's a thing people still use for payment.
2) They don't serve alcohol, but you can bring your own. There's no corkage fee, and they're very accommodating about bringing you a glass, ice, etc. 
3) A previous reviewer said they only offer bottled water. I have always been brought tap water upon being seated, and of course I've never been charged for it.
And, SUPER IMPORTANT:
4) Free delivery after 6pm in Carrollton! I haven't ordered it yet, but I'm very excited about this, as there is a dearth of good delivery options in my neighborhood, and sometimes going outside is really, really hard.
Definitely recommended - I'm kind of surprised there aren't more good Central and South American spots in town, but I'm certainly glad this one is here!The food was delicious! My boyfriend's family is from El Salvador so it was great to be able to try the pupusas, which were amazing. The fried plantains were celestial.
The service was phenomenal, and we met the owner Manny who spoke to my bf in Spanish for a few minutes and gave us a generously sized free sample of the Horchata, which is made with nuts as opposed to the Mexican kind with rice. And it's made daily by his mother... or grandmother? Our waiter was a nice fella who smiled often and was helpful about the menu. 
The agua frescas....mmmm. 
Left the place full and happy and for a reasonable price.Throughly enjoyed the Vegan lunch! Plenty of food that was fresh and of great quality. Will be back!What a treat!
We took the St Charles trolley line just to ride it, ending up in the riverbend area, and poked around for a good lunch spot. We happened upon La Macarena, and what a treat this was.
Their guacamole is fantastic (but spicy), the aguas frescas amazing (I had 3 glasses of raspberry), and their main dishes tasty. And they have Lizano sauce!
As others have noted, It is pricey for the fare (about $20 per person for central american street food), but we were on vacation so the price was secondary.
I'd highly recommend La Macarena for a fun/unique experience, though it's too pricey for an everyday thing.
Also, be advised: They are cash-only, so hit the ATM before visiting.Enjoyed a late lunch here on a rainy Sunday. The waitress was great and the environment is really adorable and welcoming. We both started with aguafrescas, blackberry and horchata respectively, that were delish. 
The food was ALL delicious. We shared the guacamole and chips to start, then had the traditional pupusas (beans, pork, and cheese), the sweet corn tamale, and some ceviche. 
The guacamole is lovely, chunky with a little bit of spice, the pupusas were incredible, savory and with great texture and flavor. The sweet corn tamale was probably my favorite. It came with a little bit of sweet cream that complemented it perfectly. We shared a flan for dessert that was equally delicious. 
The thing is, there were a lot of little things that I found not up to par (especially for the prices), and that keep me from giving that elusive 5th star. Our plates were a little chipped, not badly, but visibly, as was my drink glass. Also, and maybe this is nitpicky, but both our ceviche and guac were padded with iceberg lettuce, hidden beneath, that seemed to only serve to pad the quantity of the food. 
But, that was IT. Other than a few little things, we had a great time. The food was all really really tasty, service was great, and I'll happily recommend the place to anyone around.Refuel was packed for Sunday brunch. Pepperoni's Cafe has a dismal reputation. Enter La Macarena.
Decor/atmosphere: We walked in the door, and we were immediately welcomed by a lively and friendly gentleman who sat us promptly. 6 tables inside, 6 chairs at the "bar" (not actually a bar, just overflow seating, but with a great view). The place is decorated warmly, and all-around general good feels. Our server was friendly and on-point.
Food: Appetizer of chicken flautas. Excellent. Warm, great flavor, topped with an obviously house-made salsa as well as a pickled cabbage that was mild enough to not overwhelm the palate. Served with their variation of creme fraiche.
Entree of Pupusa platter. Served with refried black beans, plantains, and a side salad. Good flavor, great presentation. The plantains are unrivaled; deep and rich flavors, making me crave more. The pupusas are, again, obviously made fresh and in-house, filled with cheese and beans and, I believe chorizo, though I'm not sure. The side salad was fresh, but not terribly memorable. The refried beans were rich, though there were chunks in there of dried bean puree. No biggie, I'm sure that happens when it's on the fire.
The seasoning was a tad underwhelming, I'm sorry to say. More salt, more spice, then it'd be perfect.
Speed: the weakest point of the service was the wait for the food. It felt about 10 minutes too long. They have a small kitchen, and perhaps there is no rushing the pupusa. No big deal, I'm a patient man. 
Confusion: LA Macarena makes the assumption that you know what a pupusa is. I didn't, the menu did not clarify. Here you go: its a thick, handmade corn tortilla, filled with a cheese, beans, or meat. 
Also, the prices didn't match the menu. This worked in our favor, as every entree was about four bucks cheaper than listed. Mentally, I'd already budgeted the meal, so the server got the rest of the money.
Summary: look, you know Refuel is going to be packed on the weekends and full of, well, loud people. Go right next door, take a chance. This place is adorable and has great food. I will definitely be back.Sweet corn tamales with crema, the guacamole and tamarind agua fresca are favorites after 2 meals here, but truly, we both enjoyed everything we ate.  The waitstaff, manager and abuelita are all very welcoming and willing to answer questions.  This is definitely not the place to grab a quick meal before running off to something else--just BYOB, linger and enjoy.Just had the best dining experience here! My boyfriend and I were made to feel right at home. The service was exceptional and you can tell this business is ran with much pride and joy. On top of complete kindness, the food was divine! Best refried black beans I have ever had! The salsa was fresh and had the perfect spices. You must try the plantains here as well! They were made to perfection! I particularly hate when plantains are syrupy sweet. But at la Macarena the plantains are just right! I will definitely be back. It's a rare thing to get outstanding and personable service, and delicious food you want to eat so slow as to savor each bite, all under the same roof. This is a new favorite for me for sure!The pupusas were delicious, the plátano Fritos were good the beans tasty, service was great, Adam the waiter was very hospitable and very nice! Definitely recommend this place, the taste is authenticSo, so good. hidden gem in new orleans. so much food and its all fresh and deliciousFantastic casual brunch spot. I've been coming for the last five years and La Macarena is always consistently delicious. Their papusa selection is broad, though I typically get the bean-and-cheese variety. They've got a few outdoor tables for when the weather is nice. They are cash-only but offer an atm on-premises. Good for groups of six or fewer. Maybe eight.We've been to Macarena twice.  The food is fine but they really earn their reputation for being slow as molasses.
I've had papusas and tamales both times.  The papusas are not as good as Divina on the West Bank and the tamales are not as good as Guerrera on N. Carrollton.My absolute favorite place to eat in New Orleans! Enormous portion sizes and amazing food. Super authentic!This place charges 3.00 for a small cup of coffee and another 3.00 for refill... You will never see me again.Everything was made from scratch.  We ordered the Vegetarian Delight platter, guacamole with scratch chips, and potatoes au gratin.  Everything--EVERYTHING!--was delicious and each dish had distinctive flavors rather than receiving a plate full of different foods all with the same tastes.  The owner was friendly and the place, though tiny, is colorful and fun.Our waiter pointed out a bunch of times that he was new, so any awkwardness and when silverware flew down from the waitstand on the second floor above our table during the meal was just funny and whatever.
I do agree with other reviews that it might be a little overpriced for the amount of food, but what we were eating tasted just fine until we noticed the few small black bugs that crawled out from under the food on the plate. We showed the waiter, and all he said was that he "couldn't really control that." He took the one plate away, and when no one came back, my dinner partner stepped upstairs but no one really responded at all. They brought us our check later without any discount or apology.
I'm really not one to leave a negative review, but this was a really crummy experience and super disappointing because we thought we found a new regular spot close to home.My husband has raved about this restaurant and the owner, Manny, since he visited a year ago. It was the only must do item on his list when we came to New Orleans for Mardi Gras. I must say, I was not disappointed. The food was amazing with the various blend of tastes. Manny is not just a chef-he is an artist. And the waiters, Dylan and Nick, were friendly and helpful. Everybody made us feel welcome-as if we were long lost friends.  I wish we lived closer so we could come more often.I have never had El Salvadoran food, but after eating at La Macarena, I can now say I am a big fan! Their traditional papusas are definitely the way to go. I also had a chicken tamale and fried plantains with what they told me was sour cream, but it had a different consistency and was unlike anything I've ever had before. Soooo amazing. The only downside to La Macarena is that it is a REALLY pricey. My dinner cost $20 including tax and tip.La Macarena offers a great South American-style cuisine, along with a casual, yet sophisticated dining experience. The owner is hilarious, and if there, will make sure you have a great meal. I'm a Tulane student, and he is constantly trying to find more ways to get us into the restaurant, and genuinely wanted to know our likes and dislikes of dining out. 
Make sure you try the Pupusas (what they are known for). Try any type and you can't go wrong (although the shrimp ones are my favorite).  
Last thing, La Macarena is BYOB. Can't beat that!I cannot believe that I have driven by this place so many times and never stopped before today. Better late than never, I guess. So yummy! I had the chicken tamale that is not always on the menu. Wow! Totally delicious. Although I'm not a vegan I also had the vegan burrito. I can't wait to have it again. You could tell that everything was very fresh. Bonus- everyone was friendly. This may be my new favorite place.La Macarena is a great Latin American spot in New Orleans. Also in a great area with really good vegetarian options. I've been here a couple times and keep coming back. The food is delicious! A lot of flavors. I am not a fan of spicy, but I can handle the spices. The only reason I give La Macarena 4 stars instead of 5 is because it is a bit pricey. Besides that, a must-try!Really small, mediocre, overpriced pupusas. Cash only and an ATM that wasn't working. Not coming back to this place again. It only has business because it's the only pupusa place uptown. (Notice the only people giving it a decent review aren't familiar with Salvadoran food.)On a Sunday, the service was slow and labored. We spent nearly 40 minutes before we our food was served. The food was ok. It was not a good substitute for Camelia Grill.Great place for dinner if you have picky eaters in tow (by picky, i mean folks who only eat organic). Not very noticeable from the outside, but don't let that fool you----the food is mind-blowingly good, especially if you are a huge fan of latin cuisine and haven't been able to find top notch latin food elsewhere in NOLA.
I got the chips and guac plus the sampler platter which left me craving more however I didn't realize they were cash only and didn't have enough for an entree to go. Come prepared to spend because you will definitely love the food. They do have an ATM by the bar if you forget to bring cash though, which is nice. When I came in I was the only person in the place, so the waitress was really friendly and both she and the cook checked up on my table constantly. They kept coming back to ask if I was enjoying the food (which I definitely was).
They use a lot of organic ingredients, everything is handmade fresh and it all tastes delicious!!! So whether you're a foodie or concerned about food quality and the quality of the materials used in your dish, everyone will find something to enjoy.This place was amazing. Best tamale and beans I've ever had. Service was great as well.
I love how accommodating they are to vegans and vegetarians!!We just went there for the first time,  they don't have a childrens menu, which proved problematic. Also I had pork in my meal after ordering the special and asking to not have any. To make matters worse they charged us for it, almost $30 for something I couldn't eat! Also did I mention they only take cash. They didn't so my husband had to walk to an ATM , while we waited over 40 mins for our diner (that I couldn't eat).  My suggestion, FIND ANOTHER PLACE TO EAT!LOVE THIS PLACE!
Always a great meal!  The pupusas are awesome, but my favorite is the vegetarian Yucca Dumplings.  Great Place if you want to try something different.I'm from california. I have a favorite pupuseria spot back home and I was looking for a nice one out in new Orleans since I visit often. I'LL Keep this short and simple. It was OK..and I could live the rest of my life if I never went back there just perfectly. 
1. Pupusas were small and expensive for the amount.
2. Pupusas were lacking in taste.
3. I arrived during business hours but they were closed for some reason and i had to wait in the parking lot for over an hour until they opened back up.
The employees were friendly and the restaurant was small and cozy.. but the food I got wasn't that great. So .. nah. 3 stars!Wow what a place! This place managed to surpass my expectations. I was looking up vegetarian friendly restaurants and I noticed this place on yelp. The first thing that caught my eye was the fact that this place had a high rating.
The server that I had was incredibly friendly. He was very patient considering the fact that I was so indecisive. I mean the dinner menu was quiet extensive. They had traditional Latin American and a lot of vegetarian items on there as well. 
Since I have a weakness for flounder I chose the pan seared flounder plate. This dish came with the flounder, a side salad, refried beans, and plantains as well. I also had the chef add some shrimp on top of the flounder. Besides the shrimp that was on top of it there was a sauce covering it. I could tell that it was a mix of salsa and some kind of mustard. Beneath the flounder there were 4 pieces of garlic bread. This particular dish was absolutely divine!  The salad was good too, it utilized some very fresh ingredients The plantains were fantastic, I especially liked the cream sauce that came with them. I didn't get to eat the refried beans because I was really stuffed. It has been a long time since I have Latin food that was that incredible!
There were only 2 bad things that I will note about this place. The first was that the food was really pricey. Yeah It was a little more than I expected. But given the quality I will admit that it was worth it! The other bad thing was the fact that this place is cash only. Seriously this is the 21st century a vast majority of people now use ATM/debit or credit cards. They do have an ATM in their restaurant but they charge a $2.95 for use. I think cash only is a lazy business practice. They better hope for their own sake that they do not get robbed.
In short the food here is so good that I have found it worthy of a return trip someday. But make sure you hit up the ATM before you come to this place!Very rarely do you find a restaurant that feels like home and tastes out of this world but La Macarena is one of those places!! The service was excellent, the plating exquisite, and the food was absolutely incredible. Manny was a warm and welcoming host, who did a great job explaining the origin of each dish and the flavors that came together to make the meal an experience. We went for brunch and ordered the special of the day (filet mignon tacos), yucas fritas con chicharron, hangover huevos rancheros and jet fuel iced coffee (a must). My next visit back to New Orleans will have to include a meal (or two) at La Macarena Pupuseria and Latin Cafe!!Amazing food.  Great service.  Heading to Audubon Park for  the day and found this gem.  Yummmmmm!  I think I can still taste the fried plantains and creme.Awesome food. Fair price. I love how down home this place feels, plus it is BYOB. If you get the chance to order it, the Spanish shrimp and grits special is the best food in NOLA so far.Tried to go twice in the last couple of days, both times during business hours (once at 4:30 pm, once at 7:30 pm.) Both times they were closed. The last time there were people inside, but they would not open the door and motioned that they were closed.
Really a disappointment because I have had decent experiences here in the past.
Would not recommend this place to anyone.My sister is vegan and was in town visiting.  My husband is faaaaar from vegan.  I was happy to find such a great place with vegan options.   Meat eaters and vegans alike really enjoyed the food.  They only accept cash as payment but they do have an ATM inside.  I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 because I think it was a little overpriced for what we got.Teeny little place, with kind of an ackward set up. 
The menu is HUGE, but they do have a disclaimer that they don't always have everything. Kind of a bummer when you have your heart set on something, but good to know that everything is made in small batches, ie. prepared more often.
The food was good, but everything needed... Something. Close, but falling just short.This was one of my favorite meals in recent history.  First, it's VEGAN FRIENDLY, which is huge (especially for my fiancée).  Second, the guys who run the place are super friendly to the degree that I almost felt like their guest.  My entree, the special of the day was a Latin American tilapia (which was a MUCH nicer cut than the regular tilapia I'm used to), topped with shrimp and an incredible spiced-up sauce with all the trimmings.  Finally, the guacamole is by far the best I've ever had ... a bit pricier than I'd anticipated, though.  Looking forward to my next visit!First off, I would like to say that this is my first time to be the first person to review a restaurant, so this is a pretty exciting moment for me!  Now, on to the pupuseria!  (it's just a fun word to say)...  I walked into this place on a Friday night to pick up some dinner to take home.  Let me start out by saying that this restaurant is colorful!  It looks like this place got into a fight with a paint store and lost!  When I walked in I was greeted by the owner who took my order and promptly sat down to chat with me while I was waiting for my order.  Oh yeah, I ordered the Pupusa Platter ($13.95) and was immensely pleased with the quality of the handmade pupusas (I watched them make them!), the garlicky black beans, the nicely acidic slaw, and my favorite, the fried plantains!  What I was most impressed by was the friendly nature of the staff as I waited.  They even gave me a fresh house brewed blackberry tea which was delicious and sweet without being too sweet.  This place had great food in a very nice atmosphere and the service is enough to make me go back.  The only complaint I have is that the food is quite expensive for what it is.  I mean, it is delicious but it is basically glorified street food and I hope that the owners lower their prices to accomodate the younger uptown crowd.Loved the owner, the service, the environment and foood! :) Try the tamarind drink! And the pork tamale!  You will be in heaven!~ Yum! Will return to try more exciting dishes! Thank you! XxThe staff is friendly, the restaurant is nice and cozy, the food is wonderful, this place just makes my soul happy!The best dinning choice I made in NOLA. The spicy shrimp tacos were recommended and were the best thing I ate during my visit.  The pupusas were also amazing.   Along with amazing food came emmaculate cleanliness and service.  I will definitely return.The good: Several vegetarian options. The cheese pupusa and guacamole were really good and will be the reason for a second chance meal.  Quick service.  Big plates of food.
The not so great: I will only come back if it's a really off time and no one else is in there. I went with a friend and there was another party of 8 people in the restaurant, before I got my food I couldn't wait to leave because my ears were about to bleed.  They weren't even a wild and crazy bunch, just the acoustics in there magnified everything.  Its a little pricey.  The combination plate had fried plantains (meh), black refried beans, a corn tamale (bland), cheese pupusa, and a guacamole enchilada was $16.95.  Perfect if it was enough for two people but youd probably need another side or app.  Also, it only says this on one entree but the enchiladas are actually tostadas.The food is traditional and delicious, but this place is far from authentic...the prices are a total rip off. Anyone who has had pupusas before knows that 3 (very small) pupusas should cost no more than 5 dollars...yet these people get away with charging almost 3x that?? I will never be back.
Perhaps if they got their liquor license they wouldn't have to extort their customers.A tiny little place conveniently close to Tulane's campus. I've never had Latin food, so this was a first, and it was pretty good. We ordered some normal dishes and some that I had never heard of or tried. 
For starters, we ordered the guac and chips and the plantains. The guac was standard. Personally, I like mine a little more avocado based then tomato and onions, like it was here. It wasn't as creamy as I'm used to and would probably not recommend this. The plantains were fantastic, as they have been everywhere I've eaten them. 
For main dishes, my friends ordered the filet mignon tacos and I ordered the pupusas. They raved about the tacos, but I found my dish very average. 
The limeade was way too sweet, and for $4, I wish I skipped it. Not a bad place, but not great.We read the reviews on this place and decided to check it out on our trip to NOLA.  We are glad we did.  We have never had pupusas before so we were pleasantly surprised that the pupusas here were great.  They had many different flavors and were willing to customize them to our liking.  I would have like to have gotten some chips and guac but they wanted $9 for them!  I think that is a bit steep for chips and guac.  The pupusas came with fried plantains and a salad though which were both very good.  We would recommend this place, just not the appetizer prices.Only people in the restaurant and they still couldn't manage to get my order right. I asked for pork and cheese papusas and got just cheese. Also food took forever considering there were only two orders placed. I would've sent the food back but I was so hungry it would not have been worth the wait.Great service always! Manny is the man, the great and very friendly owner! Amazing food always! Go for pupusa wendesday!  Also, new shrimp and filet mignon tacos that we tried tonight were delicious!Went this past week to La Macarena and really enjoyed my experience! It was a bit more pricier than I thought, but the portions of the food and the quality was worth every penny. The horchata, as promised, was delicious and tasted exactly like how I make it at home! My favorite were the fried plantains!!! The server was very helpful and patient, he made sure we had a pleasant experience. We will be back --- for the plantains!Went on a whim a few days ago.  Truly amazing Central American food. Place was very busy so sat at the bar. This turned out well since the owner Manny sat next to us and talked with us. He brought us a few extras since my wife is pregnant and it was Mother's Day. Somehow was able to get most of the food down and it was quite a lot.  
Cannot recommend the food and atmosphere highly enough. Rest of the staff was pleasant and really hustled while we were there. Great work, great food, thanks Manny!I am in love with the abuelita who is running this place.  
Went in to place a take out order on some pupusas and ended up chatting with her for a half hour about the preparation and ingredients they use - all proper ingredients and all fresh and it shows.  The pupusas, especially the Tradicional, have rich flavors and the horchata, Salvadoreña-style (made not with rice but peanut, squash seed, cashew-fruit seed, and cinnamon), is like nothing I've had before.  I'd also recommend skipping desert in favor of a sweet corn (elote) tamale with cream.
I don't know that I'd make the trip regularly, but I will certainly recommend La Macarena and drop by for a quick order when I am in the area.  If you are looking to pick up an order and go, call first as it takes about 20 minutes for them to prep the pupusas.Delicious vegetarian platter of cheese pupusa, sweet corn tamale, & guacamole enchilada.  I really enjoyed the fried plantains.  Not sure I would order the guacamole enchilada again--didn't really suit my taste, but everything else was delicious.  Friendly waiter & I like the mom and pop feel to this place.
Be prepared to pay cash only.Great place, very small only about 7 tables. The restaurant is probably one of the cleanest  I have ever seen.   Went for Sunday brunch service was great very knowledgeable and able to steer us in the right direction of what to order. The owner came by and welcomed us and gave us water.  We Both had the Central American meal and shared a tamale as recommended by the server to get a good taste of several things offered.   Nice and light did not leave over stuffed.  Defiantly will go back again.I really like the food here. It's fresh, delicious, and different from the food you can get at other places.  It's tiny in there and the service is beyond slow. I don't mind waiting for good food, but I went in there for lunch and was there for an hour and 15 minutes.  There was only one other table when we arrived and ordered, and our food came out in about 15-20 minutes, which is fine, but the waiter was just sitting around and talking while we sat with dirty plates and cash on the table for 20 minutes.  We finally had to ask for a check because I was late for work. 
 I agree also that the prices are high.  2 lunch specials and 2 sodas came to $30 before tip.  The vegetarian dinner entree is $17.00.  If the service were quicker, they could get more people in and out during service, then the prices would not have to be so high.  I think the food is good, but it's too slow to come here during my lunch break, and the dinner options are pricey.  I want to support this place, so I hope they work some things out.Oooooo boy, it's been awhile since I've had guacamole like that.  On a crispy tostada with shredded veggies to boot!  The vegetarian sampler is the way to go.  Trust me.  I'm not even a vegetarian but it's immensely satisfying.  Go on a not so busy night and the service would probably be a wee bit faster.  Awesome spot.Wonderful food and great friendly service!! The Horchata is the best!! They were open on July 4th and the owner was very warm and welcoming! We will eat here next time we are in NOLA!Had a great meal here.  My boyfriend ordered the pork, cheese and bean papusas and I had the garlic jumbo prawns.   Really our entire meal was delicious and fresh.  Only thing I wasn't that into was the salad dressing, but not a big deal.This is one of my favorite places to eat. My husband and I are regulars and are treated really well every time we place a pick up order or dine in. The owner, Manny, and his mother are so friendly and make sure your dining experience is everything that you want it to be.
The food is excellent. There are many vegetarian/vegan options for breakfast,lunch, and dinner. The portions are huge and I always leave feeling really nice and full. 
I had never eaten pupusas before and now I am hooked. The plantains  and la crema are a delicious side note to your meal. 
This place is BYOB but Manny will make sangria if you bring the booze. It's awesome!
We take all of our friends and family to this place. It is truly a little gem in the river bend. 
Only downfall is that it's cash only; however, the food is so good that it never stops us from going there.Delicious and authentic ! Had the papusa plate and it was spot on. Fairly priced excellent fare. Friendly service. Not good if you are in a rush but you should not be to enjoy this spot.