Everyone has a chain they like, La Madeleine would be that chain for me. They do make a pretty tasty, yet calorific tomato basil soup and some decent breads. The cake and pastry counter is also pretty louring. I joined their e-club online in which I supply them my email address and receive information about special promotions and deals and decided to visit this location for "Free Croissant Day," or "Bonjour to Fall." 
I do sometimes get actual meals or food items from La Madeleine, but this time I went to just get the croissant since I had a fruit salad with me and wanted to take advantage of the nice, fall weather and bring my food to Audubon Park. I asked the lady at the register for the promotional croissant, she turned and told what looked to be a manager and told her about my free croissant inquiry. This woman angrily mocked my by shouting "Free croissant day," rolled her eyes and shoved a croissant into a bag and tossed it at the checkout girl. This croissant made it's way to me, and the manager-esque lady snarkily told me "Bon appetite, have a nice day." 
I'm sure that the chain decided on this promotion to entice customers to come to the cafe in hopes of making other purchases. I do come to La Madeleine for their soup and sometimes their pastries, but this experience reminded me why I hate chains. Free croissant or not, this experience just left me with a bad taste in my mouth. I won't be coming back to this location and would like to recommend others do the same. My croissant was nothing special, and normally at $2.00 a pop, it's no steal to visit this chain. Breads on Oak is just around the corner, as well as Milk Bar, please give these local sandwich shops your patronage instead. For croissants and French pastries that are cheaper and tastier, hit up La Boulangerie.We stopped here on our way to the zoo for breakfast. It can't say enough good things about it -- so adorable, amazing service, and great food. We may go back for breakfast again tomorrow before we leave!
Everything we tasted was incredible. There is some parking and if you get there super early you can park in the lot. Otherwise there is plenty of street parking. Or the st. Charles street car has a stop right out front. 
Would highly recommend it and encourage you to check it out.I love this place. Some of the best French toast I've ever had.  The fruit on top was very fresh and and I love cream that came with the toast.  And it's such a nice place to sit outside and enjoy a meal.This place is horrible. I'm not super picky but it's dirty and the staff obviously are not actual cooks. They look like they have been trained for 30 min and are considered cooks. I cannot blame the staff so much because they are trying to keep up with the demand but we waited for our sandwich and salad forever. When I finally got up I saw it sitting behind the counter and then they gave it to us. It's not that good. Not worth the money at all. Eat somewhere else.Lemon Danish from my favorite French bakery in USA, fresh blueberry muffins you need to arrive early, they go FAST. Quiche is good all the salad's are good. My favorite favorite is there tomato soup. I'm a repeated customer.Stood at the counter for ten minutes while the employees avoided us. Not sure if we were supposed to sit down, or how the ordering process even works. Decided to just leave since it seemed like they didn't want to help. Weren't even busy.Nice roasted pear & prosciutto salad & wonderful salmon/dill entree. Good to get off the streetcar & enjoy the laid back dining room. Service staff was excellent.
We found a treat in the restroom - recorded French language lessons playing. What fun!I stop here for breakfast every time I'm in New Orleans. Love their French Country Breakfast, which comes with a huge crescent, 2 eggs cooked however you want them, a meat, and potato galette. The potatoes are the reason I always come to this place. They are delicious.Good place. A mix of a coffee and a restaurant. Nice refreshing music. Beautiful view on the streetcar. Cheap and good food. We ended here after waiting for nothing in Willie maes. Not the same food tough.The service was horrible! The 3 ladies behind the counter wouldn't acknowledge us. We said hello and they acted as if we were bothering them. They did not finish making our order and still had to wait at the register for help. 
The AC must have been broken or off. It was so hot and humid inside that we decided to sit outside in the 90 degree weather.
The only good thing about it was the nice bus boy picking up the tablesWhat a delicious little spot to grab a super healthy salad for lunch! Stopped and got the kale and shrimp salad which was phenomenal and not to mention the staff was beyond friendly. Very helpful with the selection of food and displayed a great attitude.I ordered french dip. Not much meat and lots of baguette bread. I didn't realize it had horshradish and asked someone. They didn't offer to replace so I wasted $10 because I didn't eat. Tomato basil soup is good though.What a lovely staff!! We were greeted enthusiastically when we arrived.   Food displayed looked delicious and it tasted just as great.  Salads tossed right in front of you, so fresh.  Definitely will return to this location.Came for breakfast. I had the Parisian eggs Benedict and it was AMAZING. I usually don't like eggs Benedict but this was soooo good. My boyfriend had the French breakfast and he loved it. I would have given them a 5 but they didn't let him substitute fruit for the potatoes, which was annoying.The place is very modern and nicely decorated.  La Madeleine has amazing desserts, I ordered the fruit tart and the cheese cake, and yes i ordered dessert first, so dont judge me!  That tart was so good, i wanted to try and steal the receipe!! I than ordered the turkey sandwich  with the pasta sandwich, the bread was fresh,hot and crusty. Overall the sandwich was delicious, the pasta salad was good, a little dry, however thats just could be the way its made in new orleans. I would recommened this place. It took about 10mins for our for to come out( we ordered to go). The parking for the place is a little scarce. oAll of the soups are very good: potato topped with cheese and real bacon, French onion topped with a crouton and Gruyere, cream of mushroom, and the star, tomato basil. Salads are good (Caesar, strawberry) and made fresh in front of you. I'd avoid the pre-made quiche and croque Monsieur as they sit under a heat lamp most of the day and aren't worth their decadence in calories. Sandwiches are good too. I love their blackberry jam which is free with the free bread they offer. Lunch here can be pricey, but if you are trying to keep your bill low, I recommend a bowl of soup and lots of free bread and jam. 
Coffee and breakfast are good here too. The pastries always look beautiful but I usually just have the bread and jam instead...and it's free.I have been here on two visits and both times were not for me.  The first time we went here I ordered soup and a sandwich and got so sick later that night.  The next time I had a highly recommended french onion soup which wasn't bad but not amazing and a pasta dish.  The second time I didn't get sick but it was still not great and not worth the effort to try for a third time.  There are much better places to go then this.Terrible service, they were out of most items on the menu and the staff was rude. I do not recommend anyone eat here for any reason.French quarter atmosphere. Fresh bread and fruits. Bakery like panera bread.  You'll like this place if u like tomatoes. Pasta is really goodWorst quiche Loraine I've ever had. How can it possible be so bad? Well, seems it was baked 12 hours earlier; that's how fresh it tasted. 
The two stars are for the not-so-bad coffee.such a cute place! 
It's a nice stop/sit-in for a sandwich, soup, or coffee. They also have delicious looking baked goods, that I have yet to try.
I really enjoyed the service, the free bread, and the roasted vegetable sandwich. The sides are large and filling.One word: Tomato Basil Soup
Really, that's all you need to know.  The soup...it is to die for.  Everything I have gotten here has been fabulous.  They have great desserts and bread, but that soup...WOW.  Let's just say this...they sell it by the jar.  That's how awesome it is.
Great prices and great food.  Who can hate that?I would rate this place higher if it wasn't for the customer service. The woman that was making my salad looked so miserable, it seemed like making my salad was killing her. We had never been there before and had to wander around clueless for a bit because no one greeted us or explained their type of service. Other than that, the food and pastries were great! It's a place that is frequented by locals and definitely has a cafe vibe that does not match the location.Wish there was half a star. I enjoy La Madeline and normally go to the Metairie location which had excellent service. Today, one of my favorite spots Refuel was closed. Walked to this La Madeleine and my husband and I stood there for about 4 minutes without a greeting. While we're standing at the register, I'm watching the girl behind the counter pour juice, move stuff around and never acknowledge us. We finally asked where should we order and with a nasty expression she pointed to the register we were standing in front of! After a minute or so she walks over to the register and stands there like, "What do you want?" We just turned around and left. Very very sad. Waiting for Camellia Grill to open. No drama.Whenever I visit New Orleans, this is one of my favorite breakfast places. I am a French pastry fan and this place never disappoints. Think chocolate croissants, almond croissants and raspberry cream cheese croissants. They also offer hot French or American breakfasts with potato gallettes, eggs, buttery croissants and hollandaise sauce. There are two locations and they are both are good.Its a chain and its focus seems to be as a coffee and dessert establishment that also has some fast food French bistro options.  I've been dragged here for a few meetings and if you must go to a chain this is certainly a better one that offers acceptable quality.  It definitely isn't ever going to be my first choice but at least I know if I get trapped in some unfamiliar suburb in Texas and see another one that I can at least expect some decently edible food that won't be Tex-Mex.  This location ALWAYS seems to be packed and they are very busy here so parking can be a challenge.I gave this location a single star because I got dinner here about two years ago and the service was terrible enough that I didn't go back for that long. I went to get lunch today and my friend and I stood in line without being acknowledged for about 15 minutes. The restaurant is set up so that you stand in front of the salad prep area to order and then move down to the register to pay. An employee was there finishing a salad when we walked up. She said nothing to us and eventually walked away with the salad she made. Two other employees came to retrieve lettuce/pasta and never said a word; the cashier never even looked our way. We eventually walked out and went to Freret to get lunch instead. There are far too many great restaurants uptown - with great food, outdoor seating and pleasant waitstaff - to bother with this place.I love the staff here, they are so kind. My husband and I ordered and we live a little further out of town. Unfortunately they forgot to pack our soup but the amazing part was that the store manager stayed 40 minutes past closing time to give my husband our soup. This franchise is kind. We really love the service and food. Thank you La Madeleine Carrollton.Great place just to try something different. I usually just stick to the hot sandwiches. The Chicken Parisien sandwich is wonderful. This my favorite of all that they offer. When it comes to the soup, I just stick with the potato soup. It is like my "ace in the hole." The prices are reasonable and the food has always been consistent when i visit.I always get the salmon entrée with asparagus and the parfait. The desserts always fresh and moist.Took the trolley down to the end of St. Charles and Carrollton. We had to get off there and in front of us was La Madeleine. It was meant to be. One of the best croissants I have ever had. Please note that I have traveled extensively through France, so when I say this, I am not exaggerating. Their French-influenced breakfast options were so appealing that we decided to stay for longer than a quick bite. Do try the potato galettes. We missed the fresh bread and jam option, only noticing it when we were leaving with full happy bellies. I will be back on that trolley and won't miss out next time.Gone totally downhill.  Elderly lady in front of us in line was waiting when we walked in.  5 workers behind the counter and no greeting, no offer to take an order.  We said, "hello." And finally one of the employees came over to take the order of the lady on front of us.  She spat out, "You know whatchoo want?".  She was very short with the customer.  Eventually another of the employees came over to take our order.  That went reasonably smoothly.  
The first employee rang is up.  Again, totally short with us.  Missed my wife's entree order even though she repeated it 3 times.  Found out at the table.  The buss man said, "Go put your order in again." 5 years ago that would have been, "Sorry.  I'll put your order in and we'll ring you up later."
I got silverware.  First 3 items were filthy.  See photo.
Not coming back any time soon.
The manager comped our entree, though we were not looking for that.  I am concerned that the establishment gets their act together, not with getting a freebie.  Still, I don't feel that coming here is a good idea.Always good for a late kight bite.. easy and quick ordering and a fun staff. Food is alwaus good.The chocolate cake was phenomenal, the lemon torte was alright, but the service lacked. I waited in line for more than a few minutes without a single person behind the counter, and when I was finally served it was with disinterest. They're lucky their cake is so good...Amazing that this is my first check in here since I have been here many times. They feature my favorite caesar salad and some great light dinner options. Sit outside and see the streetcar pass on a low humidity night makes it a great place to eat dinner uptown. Fatten up on the free in-house bread and marmalade while somehow saving room for the huge selection of desserts and you have a winner.They recently changed the menu and added/subtracted some sandwiches. They still have some of the best tomato soup and fresh salads. I suggest eating healthy because they do it well. 
all of the baked goods look amazing but I get in people's way in the cafeteria style line. That thing always confuses me and, hey, free bread and jam anyway!The food is overpriced. However, they have an amazing chicken salad. It is made with their marinated rotisserie chicken, it delicious! The tomato basil soup is excellent as well!I never write reviews. But this place was amazing! I'm visiting New Orleans and happened to stubble across this cafe. I ordered the chicken la Madeleine with rice and it was incredible! Most tender chicken I've ever had and I'm typically not big on chicken.  The mushroom sauce made the chicken so tender and the rice was great! Good place for those who want to eat healthy! I'd come back here for sureThe old lady that works by the take out side has a serious attitude, I can't tell if it's menopause or she just hates working. I'm a regular there and the only time I have seen her a bit nice was when the regional managers was there. I usually order a bunch of mini pastry n I would ask her if she has it all in the box she would get loud with me and say yes. When I open it I'm missing two mini fruit tarts. Also she swears 6 is a dozen when it's half. I tried buying 2 dozen one time and we had 14 she said I had over 2 dozen already. I told her it's not n she was getting furious with me. I always wonder when she will have a heart attack at work. She needs to retire. My favorite entrees there is the salmon dish, my kid like the bow tie pasta and the bread. The chocolate Sache is to die for. It's so good I can't find it elsewhere. I been to other la Madeline where  the service is always great unlike here with a bad parking situation by this is near where I work.We were told to check out desserts here by a friend.  It's a nice cafe with outdoor seating.
The display of desserts was tempting, we picked up:
mini fruit parfait - it was light and refreshing - inexpensive but small portion in an acrylic tall deep container, which made it very hard to scoop up the last bit
cafe au lait creme brulee - way too sweet, even hubby couldn't eat it and ended up tossing it.When you're uptown and in the mood for pastries and savory cafe food, La Madeline is a great option. Standouts include their chicken friande (savory chicken in puff pastry) and the yummy tomato basil soup... the sandwiches are also quite good, your basic quiches are always available and the yogurt parfait is my son's favorite. The dessert case is full of yummy cakes and pastries. Coffee here is good- not the best in the city but better than a home or office coffeemaker. Despite some reports to the contrary, they ARE open on Sundays (I am writing this review on a Sunday after we just had lunch there) as well as on every other day of the week...
Service is decent..sometimes they are overwhelmed with customers and you have to wait to get your food prepared if you order a salad or sandwich or latte or such... you order at the counter and go bring your food to the available table of your choice, then someone comes and busses the table when you are done. 
The location is great...you can watch the streetcars from the window while you eat.Rude as fuck. I love the food here most times and it's why I came. The staff was rude as fuck to customers before me & ignored us. You should treat elderly people with more kindness when they're confused. You should pay attention to the lines and your stations so that you don't leave people waiting for FIVE MINUTES as you sit there and twiddle your thumbs. Even the manager had an attitude. Like what???? Get it the fuck together.This is the location closest to my home (when I still lived at home in NOLA) and everytime I'm back visiting, I MUST go and commune with the pastry gods. Oh, the memories of late night desserts here. The carrot cake is just too good and when I die, I wanna be buried inside a giant Strawberry Napoleon from La Madeleine. *blissful sigh*
Their soups, roasted chicken, and various other entree items are tasty, as are the many breads they make, but the pastry is king here. My only reason to hold back the fifth star is that they aren't cheap!
As a side note, I live in Houston now and the locations here, though part of the same company, are bland, pale, yuppified ghosts of the originals at home in NOLA.Good food, nice atmosphere. I like to go on weekend mornings, sit outside, and throw crumbs to the birds. Parking isnt hard as they have their own small lot and there's usually lots of parking on the streets around the location if you dont mind a quick walk.This is a pretty small place so be prepared to take your lunch to go if you arrive at peak times. (Or be patient and wait for a table, like I did.)
They're really going for the French bistro thing. In fact, they even pump French lessons through the stereo system in the bathroom so you can learn to count to 10 while taking a leak! Two birds, I guess...
As for the food, it's good but nothing spectacular. I did enjoy the French onion soup, though the chicken Caesar sandwich was average. A little strange that they add mayo to it, in my opinion.
Hard to beat the location, as it sits right on the corner of St. Charles and Carrollton Ave. And the prices seemed pretty reasonable, too.I decided to branch out and try something different from my customary La Madeleine's Chicken Caesar Salad for lunch.  I totally enjoyed the changeover to a Chicken Spinach Salad.  The additives included strawberries, pecans, vinaigrette dressing and crumbled strips of bacon.  Along with the salad I had the thick and rich Cream of Mushroom Soup and a few slices of fresh baked bread.  The meal was light, yet satisfying and nutritious.  The lunch concluded with a complimentary slice of cream cheese filled King Cake.  The King Cake was freshly baked and not overly coated with the Mardi Gras season's colored confectionery sugar.I didn't know it was a chain when my friend brought me here the other day.  I never patronize chains in New Orleans.  Never.  I can't really be a fan but would like to say some positive things about it anyway.  I have had some of the pastries now and even though they're possibly not made there I thought they were pretty good.  I tried the fruit tart (wanted a bit more cream in there), the creme brûlée tart and the coconut cream cake.  All good.  The Americanos out of the machine aren't bad either.  It's a really nice space.  The service could be more genuinely friendly and attentive.  The first time it was terrible but this last time was ok.  My wife wanted to check it out.  I won't be back because we need to keep New Orleans local.  For soup and salad there are other places and so it goes for dessert and coffee.I really like LaMadeline but I want to warn you guys that the Chicken Parisian has 1,010 CALORIES!!! That's almost a full days worth of calories. Insane!! I ordered it before knowing the calorie count but it was good but not 1,010 calories good!I was unimpressed. I had a Benedict around lunch time and either the sauce or the ham was so dang salty I had trouble finishing it. I'm sure the baked goods are on point, but as far as breakfast/brunch goes I'm not the biggest fan.The cordon bleu pasta was delicious. The cheese sauce did not over power the flavors of the ham, chicken, etc. The bread and pastries were fresh and delicious as well.I went to La Madeleine for lunch today, but I was disappointed in the service.  The girl working behind the bar seemed put out by the fact that I ordered the salad sampler and after she finished making my plate, took it upon herself to yell to the rest of the restaurant to make sure no one else needed a salad.  It was incredibly rude. The food was good, as usual, and I would eat any and all of their pastries. 
Also, parking at this location is a complete and total nightmare.Sometimes you just need an endless supply of fresh sliced bread to go with your tomato basil soup while you watch the trolley car go by. La Madeleine is like a French cafeteria, which naturally makes it better than a normal cafeteria. For instance, the plates are heavy white plates, and the warmly lit wooden interior is made to look like a country cottage. It's homestyle French food-pastries, quiche, salads, onion soup, slow cooked fish provencal--nothing fancy, but filling and satisfying. I remember coming here as a kid, and nothing has changed in twenty years. Maybe that's why I like it. I hope when I am an old lady it is still here.
Side note, I went to the La Madeleine in Austin, TX, and it wasn't as good as this one in New Orleans.Must be the water....If you're going to spend $8 on a coffee and pastry anyway, you might as well come here. Atleast you will get FAB pastries and fresh good coffee! 
The muffins are what they should be. Warm, light, and oh so good! 
Skip all the other so called Cafes and go here!Not really French food but lots of French influences.  I know eating this in New Orleans is shunned but we need a quick lunch. Love their salads with chicken. If I want to expand & eat super tasty the pesto chicken pasta is as good as it sounds. If you get a chance you can take the street car. But honestly it's a chain in New Orleans, so it's probably best suited for locals.This place has significantly declined in the past couple years.  The location in Elmwood is cleaner, has greater ambiance, and has more fresh food options.
This location is destined for an over-haul.Love la Mad USUALLY. Still do, but found out they got rid of the rosemary chicken. Maybe it wasn't popular, but it was delicious, and it sucks that it's gone. I guess I'll come back for the galletes and soup tho because all the food here is good and consistent. Serious serious bummer about the rosemary chicken tho.I always deal with the same conondrum in La Madeleine: which soup to get? Tomato or potato? Usually I end up with the tomato. They sell it by the jar, but for some reason whenever I make it at home it's disappointing. I recommend getting it there. The potato soup is also pretty great. The soup and salad combo is a great hangover cure. There is free bread by the silverware that is perfect for dipping.
Getting there can be a pain. The parking lot is tiiiiiny and really tough to maneuver around. Last time I was there the soda machine was broken, only leaving one option, which they neglected to mention until after we had paid for our sodas. Overall though, it's a not a bad choice in a great food city.horrid managerial skills. My husband filled out a survey online that literally took 15 minutes to complete..at the end he was to get a code for free dessert. He wrote down the code and off we got to get some bread and our free dessert. Problem at the register..code doesn't make sense..manager is called..she tells us the same thing. My husband explains that he did a survey and must have written down the code incorrectly (even though he is sure he wrote it correctly.). He is a regular customer and they recognized him..and still refused to give us a $3.00 piece of cake! We left and did not buy a thing, we are never returning. I don't understand how a manager can make such a bad decision..they probably throw cake away at the end of the day, but they'd be damned to give us a piece. What a waste of time..the survey..the drive..the wait while they gave free food to policeman.. I am still in disbelief.
p.s. 
I went to their website to leave a complaint and lo and behold the complaint form won't work either.I love eating La Madeleine for lunch! When I lived in Baton Rouge, I would go all the time. Now, I don't live as close to a location, but it's worth the drive if you're looking for something fresh and light. I love getting the pasta salad and country potato soup with cheese and bacon every time I go. For some reason, I love the sides more than I love the entrées. It's always hard for me to decide on an entree because I don't have a favorite. I'm not sure if they still have this, but I used to love getting the salmon Caesar salad. I also really like the chicken friand. It's a nice savory puff pastry with mushroom sauce on top that looks small but is very filling. I always find myself randomly craving La Madeleine, and I'm always satisfied every time I go!Absolute worst service I've ever experienced. EVER.  Including fast food restaurants....  The young lady behind the counter acted like we were bothering her by ordering or asking about menu items.  She didn't even answer my last two questions,  just rolled her eyes and stared.  I was dumbfounded. The "chef" was also very smug and seemed aggravated by having to do his job that he made it  extremely uncomfortable.  After about ten minutes he slammed the sandwich on the counter and banged his hand on a bell,  did a 180 and sulked  with a deep seated disgust on his face. No one batted an eye even though there looked to be a manager there.  I guess this is business as usual. I watched others going through the line with the same disdain. There are too many places to eat to be treated like garbage.The pastries were good.  The breakfast was horrible.  It took us asking three different times for items that were supposed to be in the meal... Like the potatoes on my husbands meal and my daughters fruit... The egg my husband got was over easy the way he likes, however they didn't cook it enough... After only a few bites of it he was sick all weekend.... Don't do itThis is the reason I go to La Madeleine:
French dip + tomato basil soup.
The rest is just a plus.Best croissants ever!  Good lunch!  Cute place!You just can't go wrong with the potato soup filled with bacon bits & shredded cheese, and a side of buttery croissants. Delicious!!!Yo. Diesel McBone here. I rlly love this place, even though I also do not know how 2 say its name, as I do not know how to speak French, & let's face les facts OK, even if I did know (how) there is no way Diesel F. Baby McBone wld ever be caught in the IMO felonious act of actually like speaking those words w my mouth
Also I have never actually dined here or been inside, it's probs sort of quaint, probs harkens to pre-Industrial Revolution France, all agrarian looking in both mien and decor, my guess is that they went 2 Brussels or something and took a pic of a bakery sort of establishment and then, before posting to their Instagramms, they were like let's just str8 copy off this idyllic French cottage here in Brussels, that way we will not have to do any work and we will still rec'v full credit, and even if peeps think we cheated, we cld just be like hey it's a motif, ever heard of one, also ever heard of postmodern allusion
This tactic works like a very serious charm, it might even be a form of crazy Voodoo, all I know is that I perfected it at Archbish. Rummel, where I went for six years of elite upper-ech. secondary instruction(s) and also was not a nerd, I actually had a huge sort of gangbanger phase, but who cares, that shiz got exsponged (sp.) when I turned 18, and I am 43
And but so like I said, never been to this place, but a few days ago last month I was cruisin down St. Charles St., just generally looking hella fresh, bumping the Macklemore and by all accounts flossin; and as I pass this place, what do I see but a hard 9.6677 female wearing gym clothes and looking ah str8 fine, blowin my mind and things of that sort
So yeah, this place is def worthy of ur dollar, ppl who have gotten this far into the review, and also on that note let me squeeze a quick sorry in ab the length of this like novel, this belletristic pomo novel, there should be a Spark Note browser extension, that way u cld just read that and pass the test or w/e
Before I go tho, if by any chance you are the hottie-boombalottie that blew my mind that day in front of this place, why didn't u reply to my Craigslist M4F Missed Connection post, I bench like a lot of weight, just a crazy amt of lbs. going up when I do a bench set, but that does not mean that I don't have feelings girl, and like rom coms such as The Expendables 2
IMO some ppl never learn that beauty is on the outside, not the inside
Best,
Sleepless in Shrewsbury or wherever my Facebook says I post from, thought it was Uptown, but I have gotten used 2 reppin the Shrews,
(Diesel McB.)
--
dieselmcbone@gmail.com
bodybuilding.com
"If you give a mouse a cookie..." (Anon.)
"Say girl." (Gosling)
"Three oh is a magic number." (School House Rock)
RIP 2Pac
Gone but not forgotten
West sideGreat food, great people, and not very expensive, me and the boyfriend came in, they welcomed us, were super nice, and they have really good food, $25 both full and I have half a sandwich for later.This is like a faux-French version of Corner Bakery. Mediocre sandwiches and soups served in an awkward, semi-cafeteria setting (i.e. you pick up a tray, they ladle out salad onto a plate, you pay, the find a seat). The parking lot literally has 3 spots, but street parking's not hard to find. The interior is dark and log cabin-like, just like the previous reviewer stated. 
I had a small cup of tomato-basil soup which tasted like marinara sauce, half of a French dip sandwich (not bad, the au jus had a strong kick of ginger), and generic potato chips. My friend had a chicken frisee, or chicken in puff pastry with mushroom cream sauce spooned over it. All just pretty average-tasting, tinily portioned, and overpriced.We lucked in to this jewel of a neighborhood restaurant. The French dip was hot, with a crisp bun and plenty of au jusWhen you want soup, this is the place to go. I don't like tomato basil soup, but theirs is really good. I also really like their potato soup (though it is more pureed than chunks).
Their pasta is good, but pretty hit or miss.For a city known for it's restaurants, New Orleans doesn't have that many offerings in terms of quick-service restaurants. What La Madeleine has going for it is convenience, and even that is questionable. Despite being located at the intersection of St. Charles and Carrolton, parking here is kind of difficult. I usually have to park on the street behind the building, which is actually the norm for most uptown New Orleans businesses. 
The food here is consistently decent. For "french fast food", it's arguably better than other fast food options in and around the area. The rotisserie chicken is always good, and the sandwiches consistently hit the mark. Even the breakfast, as boring as it may seem, is super good, and the free bread and jam/marmalade/butter is always appreciated. 
The seating is a little cramped here, so I would recommend avoiding peak times. Not ideal conditions for studying, but it is possible. 
Pastries are also consistently good.
Service is consistently mediocre, but I guess it's a sacrifice you make for quick decent food. Prices are slightly higher than average, but hey, so is everything else in uptown. 
The outdoor seating is great too, but what I really recommend is getting your sandwich to go and eating it out at the Fly.Not a fan.
Soup was tepid, chicken with mushroom sauce meant super creamed sauce.
We came here cause this was the only place my friend could think of that didn't have hollandaise and butter on the vegetables in New Orleans.
I wouldn't make a trip out here specifically for food.Went here for lunch for something quick and was pleasantly surprised. There's not much parking, but it was worth looking for a spot. I got the lentil soup, strawberry&bacon salad, and a fruit cup. Only 8 bucks. Not bad for the amount of food I got. 
The workers were also very kind and helpful. 
Least to say, I left very happy.I went earlier & ordered Pasta La Madeline to go. My favorite! When I got home I saw that they had made a mistake with my order & gave me Shrimp Florentine crepe. Because I don't drive I wasn't gonna bring it back & because I'd never had their crepes I decided to give it a try.
 Frankly, for me, I didn't care for the crepe,per se, but liked the inside & am keeping it to put on pasta for supper. 
 I decided to call La Madeline just to let them know about the mix- up. The lady with whom I spoke was so apologetic- I wish I would've gotten her name (I'm guessing it's Angie coz she was the one who waited on me). She was professional & genuinely sorry for the mix- up in my order. She even offered to give me a complimentary Pasta La Madeleine if I come in this week. She made me feel that I mattered & that I was an important customer. Of that, I am GREATLY appreciative. I've always liked this place & have been a fairly regular customer. After today, however, & how lovely I was treated, I'll be back far more often.This location def has a very southern/home feel to it. & the location in Metairie is more of a fast pace and definitely is always packed. At both of the locations I've went to service was beyond awesome! 
La Madeleine is a cafeteria style French eatery, so no waiter service here my fellow yelpers.
Anyways, whenever I go to La Madeleine, I always either get the chicken Caesar salad or potato soup.
Omgosh....the chicken on the chicken Caesar salad is so good..! 
The chicken is chopped up finely and marinated so deliciously, then wrapped in foil. They put the foils in a hot/steamy..almost looks like a crock pot and taken out per every salad order so it stays warm and delish by the time your done through the line. 
You can watch them make your salad being tossed while you drool behind the glass. The vinaigrette they put on tastes super light and the portion is definitely big. (Panera Bread's spinach salad flavor beats this salad, but the portion doesn't!)
As for soups....oh goodness..I drool as I watch the potato soup being poured.. It's really so creamy and mouth watering! You also have the option of topping it with cheese and bacon bits. The cheese literally melts inside the soup causing it to be even more dramatic for me as I eat..
I never tried the tomato basil soup yet, but my friends says is pretty good so maybe I'll try it next time.
Oh, and if you're going to do a salad, I suggest large and a cup of soup or a big bowl of soup and small side salad.
You can also put in fresh orders for baked pasta and such delights. They'll bring it your table hot and yummy.
For dessert.. La Madeleine does have a bakery side as well. Everything behind the glass just shines screaming "eat me, pick me, eat me!" ....sigh, oh I wish I could eat it all..
Anyways! I always go with the mini tarts.
List of tarts I've tried...
Fruit tart = amazing! & Fresh fruits.
Chocolate tart = out of this world. I don't know how they do it, but right when you GENTLY bite into this tart, tiny little chocolate mints come falling out! Simply awesome.....just awesome.
Creme brulee tart = who doesn't like creme brulee?! especially as a mini..!
Lemon tart = good if you like lemon.. My friend loved it so much he went back and got the big lemon tart! 
As for something fruity.. The strawberry romanoff is so hardy..YES, HARDY! The strawberries are such a nice size and the glob of romanoff sauce they pour on.. Just great...simply awesome.
ALSO, La Madeleine sells some of their sauces and such goodies for when you want to make something at home! When you walk in, you walk through the shelves of stocked take home heaven.
I really like this La Madeleine location b/c on weekdays from 3-5 there is no line!!. Meaning... order whatever you wish anytime you wish.
As for parking, spaces are limited, but if you come around 3-5, parking should be fine.Tomato basil soup with unlimited bread. Need I say more!?
The go to move for me is half a sandwich with a soup as part of a duet but the salads, pastries, and big plate entrees are on point too. Fill out the receipt surveys for a free dessert too when you get that! 
While it can certainly be a healthy place if you stick to the salads, everything else is too tasty to be healthy. It's definitely one of those places everyone convinces the self is healthy but it's not...it is extremely tasty and wonderful, however, with a great outdoor seating area on st Charles.After taking care of a few errands in the Riverbend my tummy reminded me that it was lunch time.  I was thinking, chicken salad.  Looked to my right, O'Henrys, nope.  Camellia, had breakfast there yesterday, and they have no chicken salad.  To my left, LPK, no chicken salad there either,  and besides, I picked up dinner from there last night.   
La Madeleine....hmmm....I have lived blocks away from this place for years and I have never even tried it.  I needed to amend that, pronto!   I have gotten the Tomato Basil soup they sell by the jar at Rouses, and it is quite delish.  So, yay!,   they do in fact have chicken salad, so I gave it  a whirl. It is served on a yummy flaky croissant, with a side of pasta salad or chips.  I also tried the tomato basil soup, since I hadn't tried it in house.  Also, fantastic.  Both of my choices were winners, and I will be back to repeat that order whenever I feel the need for good chicken salad (which is hard to find in restaurants in this city for some reason, btw, if you are ever in Natchez MS and want REALLY good chicken salad uptown grocery is where it's at!).
The set up was a little hard for a first timer to figure out.  I wasn't sure how to order, and while I was standing there looking confused and hungry, no one on the staff bothered to explain it to me.  I kinda had to pry it out of them....hmmm...
So that you know, there is a special place to make to go orders.  If you want to dine in, to the right side of the dessert display there are trays.  You have to look down to see them.  From there, proceed like a cafeteria.  You pay at the end of the line.  There you make your own teas and soda. You will find napkins, silverware, and straws, etc. to  the right of the cashier.   After reading other reviews, apparently they keep the free bread there as well, but I did not happen to notice it.
The desserts looked fantastic, and next time hopefully I'll be in the mood for something sweet, so I can verify if they are as good as they look.A perennial stop on our visits to New Orleans. Great salads. Tasty sandwiches and various savory French pies. Amazing pastries. A tasty cup of French Roast drip coffee. Refreshing Mango iced tea. A great place to sit on a Friday afternoon and watch the world round the corner of St. Charles & Carrollton.Tomato. Basil. Soup. To die forr!!!! I reallly, really like their soup here. I've tried tomato basil elsewhere, but I can only find myself coming back to this cafe to get my tomato soup filling. Sometimes I even add bacon in my soup (if your a bacon lover) and it makes my soup so yummy!!! They also have self serve all you can eat bread that they leave out and you can dip that bread into your soup to make a whole meal. They also have sandwiches and pasta that's good...to think about it...I think everything off their menu has not been disappointing by far. 
They also have a bakery in their cafe and everything in there is also delicious! Chocolate crossiants, creme brulee, mini creme brulee, muffins etc etc!!! So delicious!!Stopped in for some baked treats after breakfast and picked up a mini vanilla and fruit creme brûlée tort, a chocolate croissant, and a lemon madeleine. The brulee was excellent as was the croissant, and the lemon madeleine was decent. Great for a little snack.
Only con? Somebody singing out on the deck on a Sunday morning. "Red Red Wine?" No thanks buddy.We stopped by La Madeleine to pick up a baguette for a friend back home. The place itself was fairly difficult to get to and even harder to park at but we eventually made it inside. It's a cute little bakery/cafe with various sweet and savory offerings. We obviously picked up a baguette as well as some lemon mandolins and creme brule. They bagged up our sweets quickly checked us out and we were out the door! The french bread was good, with a crispy out shell and soft center. I did really enjoy my creme brule with it's creamy texture and sharp vanilla flavor.
All in all, I liked La Madeleine. It's a nice little bakery in NOLA.