Wonderful dining experience. Service was phenomenal. Food was excellent. Will return soon. Perfect end to a wonderful NOLA visitWould love to give it 5 stars, but this being our second visit we were a bit let down. Here's why.... drinks, awesome. Appetizers (ricotta dumplings and the special of the night, shrimp fritters) awesome.  But the entrees, not so great. Hubby had paneed rabbit, pretty good. I had turtle bolognese. Both were excellent to start but  after a few bites it was so SALTY. Anyone else found that or just us???  Maybe the chef had a bad night. Won't stop us from going back though.I was visiting from NYC & I was getting really frustrated with the restaurants that my hotel concierge recommended. I took it upon myself to find a restaurant that I would enjoy. I am so happy that I did because I found La Petite Grocery. It is the quintessential New Orleans restaurant that I was looking for. The food was superb, our server was so engaging and knowledgeable and the ambiance was enchanting. 
If you are particular about dinning out like i am- do yourself a favor and visit this restaurant (you wont be sorry). 
Thanks La Petite Grocery for making our visit a memorable one!I have to go with the consensus here, the crab beignets were honestly one of the best things i've ever tasted in my life. They were perfect. Get them! 
The entree menu is TINY. Of course, the smaller the menu, the better the food typically. That being true, this menu was extra small. I ended up getting the burger, because it was recommend by everyone I talked to. Not the type of place you'd expect to get a cheeseburger, but it was fantastic. Perfectly cooked and delicious. 
The service was also great. We showed up at 7:30 on a Saturday night with no reservations and they were able to squeeze us into a table outside. Out waitress was great. 
I'd absolutely go back.This place came highly recommended to us, and for good reason. We went for brunch about a week after Justin Devillier won the James Beard Award for Best Chef in the South. 
The meal started in an amazing way when our bloody mary's showed up with three jumpo shrimp on the edge of the glass and quite a bit of crab meat floating. I've seen a lot of garnishes on bloodies, but this was a first for me. The price was somewhat steep at $17, but it's basically a drink and cocktail in one, so it seemed justified. 
For an appetizer, we ordered blue crab beignets. I'm a fan of sweet beignets, but these savory ones quickly became the best beignets I've had. The combination of flavors was remarkable. I got gulf shrimp and grits for my main, and I was happily full and content by the time we finally left. 
Honestly, my only regret was that we didn't come back here for dinner. We will on our next trip, if we can get a table. This place is so good that it will probably be packed for the foreseeable future.This was the first restaurant we ate at when we arrived in NO for a long weekend and it was definitely a hit.  
We were there celebrating my husband's 30th birthday, and it couldn't have been better.  We arrived 30 minutes before our reservation and we were seated right away even though the restaurant was quite full.  We had the blue crab beignets as an appetizer -- they melt in your mouth and an evening special (can't remember the name) with pasta and turtle - delish!
Our entrees included the paneed rabbit, shrimp and grits and the seared duck and blue crab au gratin (which is ridiculously delicious!).  Everything looked beautiful and tasted amazing.  The portions were perfect as well and we still had room for dessert, which included the pineapple tarte tatin with coriander ice cream, a root beer float made with the local Abita root beer, creme brulee and berry financier with olive oil ice cream (our favorite).
I highly recommend checking this place out!Went here for Sunday brunch.  Was a little annoyed because I wanted reservations for later around 1130 noon and they said they only had 1030 but when we got to the restaurant there were multiple empty tables for over an hour.  Besides that the food was great and loved the atmosphere.  Crab beignets are amazing and they make good drinks.  Overall I would definitely recommend just maybe make a reservation a few months in advance.I went to this place a few weeks ago, but I'm only writing a review now, because I was trying to figure out how to put it's greatness into words.
I had only heard of this place in passing when a friend of mine and I decided to check it out.  I was immediately impressed as soon as I walked into the door.  We were there for an early dinner on a weeknight, so it wasn't crowded.  There was a guitarist playing light background music in the dining room, which just made it an even more lovely experience.
As soon as we sat down, the waitress was extremely helpful about everything from wine selection to which dishes she recommended.  We started with an appetizer of blue crab beignets, which were amazing!  They were these light, fluffy pastries stuffed with delicious crab and then drizzled with a tasty sauce.  We both agreed that they were fantastic. (Sorry Scott S, maybe you were there on an "off" night.  These DEFINITELY tasted like crab to me!)
For our entree' we got the fish of the day (I think it was black fish, but don't quote me) that was cooked to perfection, and also covered with a delicious cream sauce.  Needless to say, I finished all of it.  No doggie bags, here!
I wish I had had room for dessert.  The waitress described a pecan pie with Bourbon sauce and Vanilla ice cream, which I am sure I would have adored.  I LOVE pecan pie.  I may go back one evening and sit down and try it sometime soon!
I would absolutely go back here. Between the atmosphere and the food, this is a fantastic place to start an evening.I've lived by La Petite for several years but have never gone until recently with some coworkers.  The Crab Beignets were amazing and I highly recommend them. They were by far the best things we had.  As an entree I had the rabbit, which was alright but I likely won't get it again.Ehhhh...it was ok. Overall, food was a little bland for my taste.  Here's the breakdown.
Came here my girlfriend, my sister and BIL. Great company!  Started out with a salad and a few appetizers. Salad was a total bomb. It was their mixed green special with blue cheese vinaigrette. The dressing to greens ratio was off - not enough dressing. In the end, the dressing wasn't any good so who cares about the ratio.  We left half the dish uneaten. 
Apps were the seafood beignets and the burrata. The beignets sounded awesome but lacked any decent seasoning. They were extremely creamy on the inside but were neither sweet or savory. High expectations on the seafood beignets made for a disappointment. I'd rank the dish a 2/5. The buratta was ok - 3/5.  Small portion too. But because it wasn't much of a hit, no one minded. 
Saving grace of the night - the burger. My girlfriend and sister both got it. It was really tasty.  Soft, buttery bun. Fresh dressings and a house sauce. Sometimes I judge a restaurant strictly on their burger. Le Petite had a good one. Unfortunately, it was the only really tasty dish we had. Because the burger was so good, I'm giving La Petite Grocery the benefit of the doubt. I bet they have some other nice dishes...we just didn't order them.  
Service was ok. Nice lady for our waitress. She was fairly prompt. Pleasant enough. Not great but not bad either. 
Ambience was very cool. Shabby chic. Ornate ceilings, fancy bar, mason jars. The place was charming. It reminded Shari V. of a French country cottage kitchen...well said Shari V. 
All in all, I won't repeat. 
Shari V Quote:  "The beignets were seasoned like we're in Ohio". OuchAlways a pleasure to sit at the bar and watch Holly (Hollessa) work her magic on every cocktail potions she shakes up. I had what I always come for the paneed rabbit with the spatzel started with the pickle jar. The hubby had the Chop. Creme brûlée was amazing! The coconut thing was just okay. It takes like a panna cotta with toasted nuts and coconut. Extra special Madeira was a nice finish. Service & food was perfect as always.Great Brunch!  I'm not going to stretch this review out. We started out with cocktails...wonderful. Then on to appetizers. Loved the blue crab beignets. The entrees were, pork loin & biscuit (eggs Benedict,) waffles, Shrimp & grits and the BELA sandwich. All exceptional!  We will be back.Turned away at 9:30pm on a Thursday when just requesting a drink at the bar, though they were clearly still serving, by an ungracious and overly authoritarian young hostess. Bad form & decidedly "un-French" of them! Won't be back to try the food.Great food but extremely rude front staff refusing to seat our party properly.
Ruined the overall experience, will not be back again.  Too many other great options in New Orleans where they have real southern hospitality and don't treat your family like second class citizens.Very disappointing. Service was especially poor.  Our entres were very slow coming and then the mamager came and said they were out of the evening's special.  After another long period our entres came and it was  extraordinarily average.
The blue crab beignets were more bread than crab, less that 1 inch in diameter, and $4.00 each.I went here with 2 vendors today.  We started off with the blue crab beignets.  I though they needed a touch more seasoning.  I was not a fan of the aioli at all.  It tasted like mayonnaise. We had the Brussels sprouts.  I am a huge fan!!!  Loved them.  2 of us ordered the shrimp and grits.  Great portion and the consistency of the grits were fantastic.  The other one got a burger which she asked for medium, but was RAW in the inside.  She didn't complain just didn't eat that part.  The fries were good and we enjoyed the aioli.  I will check it out soon fro dinner.Take a 10min cab to Magazine street to the amazing La Petite Grocery. The thoughtful menu caters to all tastes, and you don't necessarily have to be a "foodie" to appreciate it- although if you are, you are in for a real delight! Steak tartare, blue crab beignets, mussels on special, turtle bolognese, mahi mahi on special, beef tenderloin, stone ground grits, brussel sprouts, did I mention dessert??? We ate it ALL. Each dish kept getting better and better as they were coming out. We left stuffed and repeating to one another "OH MY GOD THAT WAS SO GOOD!!!" Easily the best meal we had in NOLA. I went with a small group on a Saturday night and received excellent service from the moment we walked through the door until the moment the hostess helped us order a cab to go back to the quarter. The server was kind, funny, helpful and knowledgeable about the items on the menu. The bar served up some of the best drinks in town (get the negroni or the french 75!) and we even went back a second night just for an after dinner drink! They couldn't have done anything better if they tried. New Orleans is a town that has amazing food on every block, and this meal was definitely the highlight of my 4-day trip! 
I'm still dreaming of the blue crab beignets !!!!!!Environment is pretty good
The food is not what I had expected...
I mean don't order the tortoiseWe enjoyed fabulous service and brunch in the wonderful space. EVERYTHING waz just right from the steamed milk for our coffee to the crispfried green tomatoes. My paneed chicken was perfectly cooked. Although we didn't sample any, the specialty drinks looked creative and the bar very fetching.Easily a 4.5. The Blue Crab beignets are worth the trip alone, they are amazing.  I went with the shrimp & grits which was very good and my client had a fish dish she'd had many times and loved to much to make a change. Nice wine list and delectable deserts. 
Go.  Now.what a great place - the shrimp and grits is amazing as are the desserts. Great attentive service and nice ambiance.I finally got to try La Petite Grocery a few years ago and I've gone frequently ever since! Lunch and dinner are both great options. The scallops, baked Mac and cheese and hand cut fries are great for starters. Their burger, pork cheek ravioli, ribeye and shrimp and grits are my favorite entrees. It's a beautiful restaurant and in a great location, close to all the action on Magazine St. Love this place!We had such an amazing dinner here! We didn't have a reservation, and it was Saturday night, so we had to wait about 30 min at the bar, but it was worth it! The staff was excellent and the food was elegant but not over the top. We highly recommend the fried green tomatoes! Soooo good!Great food, great service....the rabbit and the hamburger....(yes....i got the burger lol) was amazing as well as the service.The food was okay, it was created in a hurry and took some time for it to arrive. The bar staff was on point! The management was sloppy at best. Wanted more; expected more.Great spot for dinner or lunch and is not in the Irish channel as Yelp has it listed. It's located on Magazine St near the cross with Napoleon in the heart of uptown and only a few minutes from my house in case you wanted to know. The dining room is elegant but you can still be casual in this uptown gem that has a large New Orleans style menu. Great brunch location also and I love the hamburger and frites along with several other dishes.My GF and I really enjoyed brunch here. The blue crab beignets were light and delicious. We also shared the the beef tenderloin, which was succulent and tender. Both dishes were flavorful and unique. The ambiance was great, it used to be an old grocery store and the photos inside the restaurant pay homage to that. We took the trolley car here from the lower garden district and really enjoyed our Sunday morning/afternoon.
The service at the restaurant was ok as were the cocktails which is why I didn't give a 5 star review. Otherwise, I highly recommend having brunch here while in NOLA.What a joyful experience I had at La Petite Grocery. We had a group of six and they were very accommodating ( make reservations ). 
Starting out they serve warm beignet bread and soft butter..it's the little pleasures in life, soft butter and warm bread make me happy! The menu was one page which was nice because it didn't take long to marinate over and decide. I went with LPG Cheese burger, this wasn't your normal cheeseburger, it was cooked to perfection accompanied by house made pickles, onion marmalade, Gruyere cheese and an aioli on a toasted bun and hand cut fries...keep doing what you're doing La Petite Grocery, spot on with this burger!
Two in our group got the Blue crab beignets and those were unforgettable!
Loved everything about our lunch!Great brunch! Sat at the bar, which is always the best way to go. Had a delish hamburger. Really excellent. A few bloody marys, and left with a very happy tummy! 
Plan to dine there for dinner as I hear that is equally as good as brunchI came here last Thursday for lunch. I had 12:15 reservations but got there earlier than expected - about 11:30 and they were still able to seat us. We ordered a bunch of things - blue crab beignets (LOVED so much), fried oysters, gumbo soup and baked macaroni. After appetizers, it took forever for them to bring out entrees. I had the shrimp and grits and it was not bad but I was just so full from the apps that I couldn't enjoy my meal. My friend had their special which was fried flounder. My other friend had the shellfish stew and thought it was not bad. I think the highlight was really the crab beignets so that is something you MUST order there!!I read the reviews before dining at La Petite Grocery and should have paid more attention to the fact that nothing was special except the hamburger.  Three of us ordered the salad special, a small bowl with spring greens, fennel and smidgen of gran padano cheese and a sherry vinigrate dressing that was tasteless (needing salt and more) for $12.  The braised short rib appetizer was wonderful if getting 1oz. of meat for $14 appeals to you.
The pan sautéed flounder special was a tiny portion of overcooked and dry fish with a mixture of vegitables drenched in a sauce that was OK but not special.  I will say that my wife and friend ordered the shellfish bowl which was much better and more flavorful but not close to the BBQ shrimp bowl at Mr. Bs.
A lot of diners ordered the $16 hamburger as we saw many go by our table.  It certainly looked more filling and appealing than what we ate, and we would haved saved a ton of money.After much research chose LPG as our one meal out during a family visit.  Started with two Blackthorn Fizz and the Great Conflagration.  Both light and refreshing.  Crab beignets are lightly breaded creamy crab purses of gold.  The jar of pickled vegetables are the perfect compliment.  The pork cheek ravioli  is tasty.  Hard to believe actual pork cheek was used.  The meat was not tender and had little fat.  The meat texture was dry.  The meal at this point was a 3.  The  brunch menu entrees are not inventive.  The burgers at the neighboring tables were lost under the brioche bun so settled for the Gulf Shrimp Bahn Mi $16 and and &5 fries.  The fries were as expected.  The Bahn Mi is overpriced at best $16 and a complete joke at worst.  The restaurant should be embarrassed to serve this sandwich.  The Bahn Mi had four medium size shrimp drowning in spiceless/tasteless kimchi aioli.  There was a hint of pickled vegetables.  Maybe the chef has never had a Bahn Mi sandwich.  The least you could do is hide the minuscule amount of shrimp in a decent amount of veggies.  I've had far better sandwiches from a food truck.  Pathetic!
The service started out strong.  The server did not check-in following the delivery of the entree nor were water glasses attended to.  You could tell at 2pm the staff was tired.
Brunch 2 cocktails, 2 appetizers, two sides and an entree $90.  Service poor based on the price.  I don't expect value at higher end restaurants but I don't expect to be robbed blind.  Had the Bahn Mi sandwich been decent would have given LPG 3 stars.Excellent restaurant! Great service and food. Shrimp 'n  grits are absolutely wonderful and the crab beignets are to die for!  Nice little bar area in the front with a wonderful bartender - wish I could remember her name. Great place to meet friends for a nice meal and conversation.I'm so sad about this place. I've been looking forward to it and it just didn't live up to its expectations. Our server was obviously not interested in serving us. When asking the hostess for either another server or for him to lighten up, she looked at me like I was crazy. On a scale of 1 to 10 his attention to detail was a 3. It's just unfortunate, because it's not that hard to please a group of women. The food was over salted and did not live up to the reviews. Very disappointed.We had a fantastic meal here on our last night in NOLA. The room was so romantic, the service impeccable and food Devine. Only our salad was not up to par, but everything else was so good it is forgiven. I had a cobia special and my lady the scallops. So good and just a wonderful all around dining experience.Great food, wonderful service and a beautiful, relaxing atmosphere! My husband and I had a lovely dinner here for our anniversary. The food was very good and the service from Emma and the rest of the staff was impeccable! We were surprised and touched when our dessert came out with a candle and a "Happy Anniversary" wish. I don't know how they knew it was our anniversary because we hadn't said anything. I did mention it to a friend I saw at the bar when we first arrived so I can only assume that perhaps the bartender, our waitress or another employee overheard and passed it along. At any rate, it was incredibly thoughtful and the perfect end to a lovely evening.Spot on experience.  To start, the ambience was cozy yet elegant.  The night started off with The Puddle Jumper. A must for those who love Bourbon. Of course, my wife and I had the infamous blue crab beignets. These were as close to perfection as it gets. I went with the speckled trout and soubise for my entree and it tasted like it was caught that day. It ended with the butterscotch pudding and needless to say ended our experience with a bang. Also, our server Kenneth had great recommendations all night. Definitely will be returning next time in NOLA.We firstly intended to get to the upperline restaurant, a couple blocks away, but it was of course closed.. So we ended up there, by pure chance. 
The food was really awesome, from appetizers to dessert. 
For appetizers, we had the crab beignets, super tasty and really filling.
Then shrimp and grits and shellfish stew, also very good. 
For dessert, we had the buttermilk scotch pudding, awesome as well.
I also particularly appreciated  the cocktails sélection   (much more diverse than the classic mojito french 75 etc). And the barmaid put a lot of attention on it. 
To summarize, one of the best lunch we had in out 5-day trip to NOLA!Unbelievably good. Great place. Casual night out or special occasion - anything goes! food was outstanding - try the short rib appetizer and the beet salad - they are not to be missed. Extensive bar. Great menu - so many things still to try. Will be back for sure!Wow, amazing first time experience here. The atmosphere has a Parisian note. The tables a spaced appropriately so you're note dining on top of your neighbor. There is a nice selection of craft cocktails and wines by the glass to start your evening. 
We enjoyed their signature blue crab beignets or as my fiancé called them "a conduit for cheesy crab goodness" and the evening's salad special. We were treated to a complementary eggplant peanut baba ghanoush to finish the appetizer course. 
Next up rabbit for him, turtle Bolognese. The rabbit was tender and the spaetzle with it had a nice crispness to it without being friend or too firm. I was slightly concerned about the fried soft boiled egg accompanying my dish but it added a nice creaminess to the Bolognese. 
The portions were just right, not abundant, not scant. We left content and satisfied. 
Ask for Emma. She was helpful in her recommendations for both food and drink, was attentive without over visiting and was happy to hear our feedback on our dishes and experiences. 
We'd be back.Great ambiance, great service and fantastic food. Shrimp And grits were great as was the chocolate torte.I hadn't been in a couple of years and was pleased overall with the experience.
First, to get the negatives out of the way.  The hostess seemed to be bewildered at our arrival- there was some confusion with the reservation, and we had to wait about 10 minutes outside (bar was crowded-) not a big deal, as the weather was pleasant and we were a small group of 3 old friends chatting.  The entrees didn't arrive all at the same time which is a bit annoying for a restaurant of this stature.  With the desserts, they got confused with who had what.  The coffee was weak and the cream was skim milk, which is a pet peeve of mine.  It's called cream for a reason- skim milk doesn't cut it with coffee.  All in all, I feel the above is worth mentioning, but none of it eclipsed what was a really solid, flavorful meal.
Our waitress was friendly and efficient, neither overbearing nor absent.  
Cocktails-  The Old Fashioned was the cocktail special and they were very smooth- highly recommend
Appetizers:  
Gnocchi special- I thought it was just average and not worth $14.00
Fried green tomatoes with Burrata (Italian cheese made from mozzarella and cream,)  country ham, oregano- very good
Soup special- some sort of cream based oyster soup- average
Entrees:  
Two of us ordered the grilled beef tenderloin with potato gratin, spinach and roasted shallot demi-glace.  Ordered medium- very tender and flavorful.  The potato gratin was in the form of a square cake- flaky and very good.  I would order this again.
The other friend ordered the organic chicken with sautéed kale, savory bread pudding, truffled mushroom gravy- she loved it.  I didn't try the chicken, but we all really loved the savory bread pudding.
Desserts: 
I had the caramel bread pudding with 
roasted apples and caramel sauce- came a` la mode with a scoop of vanilla ice cream-  it was decent- good enough for me to devour but nothing spectacular.
The other two had the warm s'mores tart with 
housemade marshmallow and chocolate mousse- this, we all agreed, was top-notch and worthy of ordering again.
The restaurant is beautiful and comfortable, not stuffy.  I like the pressed tin ceilings and the photos paying homage to the old grocery that originally occupied this space. Clientele attire ranges from formal to nice casual.  The lighting is perfect and noise level is appropriate.  While not perfect, based on this evening's experience, I'd say they're doing an above-average job.I don't review often but I was HIGHLY disappointed. Overpriced wine (limited list), over salted food (both entrees rabbit and scallop special), and food took forever. When we come to NOLA every meal I look forward to a new experience, and for a James Beard associated establishment I would have expected soooo much more. Valuable stomach room taken up!This is the place to go for a romantic dinner with your loved one. Really enjoyed the blue crab in brie appitizer.  The food was most excellent. The wait staff was attentive and very knowledgable about all items on the menu. A+ in my bookJust the best. Soft southern atmosphere with beautiful details and perfect accents. Busy fun people- watching. The absolute nicest servers. And the menu! Try the riccotta dumplings and be transported. Everyone loves the blue crab beignets. The hamburger is a favorite. And last night the ice cream was home- made banana!Half of our food was great and the other half wasn't bad but misses the mark.
  The steak tartar was overly seasoned with salt.  In fact salt was all you could taste.  The cucumber salad had way to much vinegar, again you couldn't taste the many ingredient the cucumber.  The vinegar even over powered the fresh basil.  We also had a side of the baked macaroni.  Now i love very cheesy mac and cheese but this seemed like there was nothing but parmesean which was overwhelming to the point that i couldn't finish it.  My husband liked it but I feel parmesean is to strong to be a main cheese, to me it should be an accent cheese.  
Now for the good...the short rib is some of the best I have had!  It was tender and had a perfect crust.  The alligator bolognesse was delicious, the deep fried soft boiled egg was a suprise and a perfect complement to the dish.  We also had a spread of desserts that were all very delcious.
The real star of the night which is what added the 4th star was the service!  I have been in new orleans for almost 10 years and this was the best serving experience I have had since I have been down here which includes many fine dining experiences.  Unfortunately I did not get our servers name, she had dark hair and a tattooed sleeve on her left arm.  Who ever you are thank you for a lovely night!La Petite Grocery is a lovely little café restaurant I recommend the fried rabbit & absinthe cocktail. Unique & tasty.Holy Crap!!! Now this is some good eating.  Pricey -- but I guess worth it considering all the attention, especially in the national media.  Way to go Justin!!! But don't get too cocky!!!Our 1st visit there and it was amazing. It will be hard to not go weekly.  Can't say enough about the food. We had the LPG burger, Brussels sprouts, shrimp and grits, the pickle jar, deviled eggs topped with fried oyster and beignets stuffed with crab meat (which had to have come straight from heaven).  Drink of choice was a brandy milk punch and old fashions. We've eaten at many restaurants in Nola and LPG is as good as any!Classic New Orleans!  My family all went with the LPG burger and fries and it was fantastic. I had the chefs waffle special that day- gingerbread with cranberry sauce, pecans, whipped cream and probably some other stuff.  Sounds like a weird combo but it was amazing!  The service was attentive and friendly without being too intrusive. It's upscale and slightly pricey but unpretentious.After a 6 hour drive for a business lunch... We arrived at La Petite Grocery at about 11:25. As they open at 11:30, the door was locked. We waited outside for five minutes at which point I went to the door to knock because I needed to visit the ladies room!!! Everyone inside pretended they didn't notice me as they scurried about until finally, a man came and opened the door slightly to tell me hey would open momentarily... I explained I had just driven 6 hours and would like access to the ladies room. The three men I was with were not trying to gain entry.. Just me. The man refused and told me he would let me in in "less than 60 seconds". WOW.. What the hell is so crucial you won't let a patron in 60 seconds before you want to so that she could use the ladies room???? Needless to say, the party we were meeting that chose the restaraunt was very embarrased and said...." Well welcome to New Orleans". 
Although the food was great, I wouldn't go back. I am from Texas and the other party we were meeting are from Mississippi ... We don't believe in treating people that way! There are sooo many good places to go to there.. I would not recommend this place... Our waiter was pleasant and accommodating... To bad the manager doesn't know how to treat people
I think our lunch was about 40pp for food/ no drinksEasily the best new restaurant in New Orleans. We were smiling from the moment we walked in the door. The atmosphere was very inviting. The room felt surprisingly roomy with the high ceilings. 
The waitress whose name I forget was attentive and funny, and never short on the perfect suggestions. I let her pick the cocktail, appetizer, entree, and even the dessert. Each was better than the last. 
Hint: get the chicken, it is anything but boring. The butterscotch pudding sounds grandma but is actually pretty amazing. 
Whenever I feel like splurging, I will definitely come here.I feel completely ripped off by this place.  We went for New Year's Eve, and I was shocked at how under-whelming and, well, under-filling the fixed menu was.  I looked around the restaurant and thought, if I am still starving after this meal, little, 5 foot tall me, how are all these giant southern men feeling about the situation? For a place that is supposed to be one of the best in the region, it didn't hold a candle to our local neighborhood restaurants in Chicago, let alone the big names here.  We spent $300 and ate almost nothing.  2 pieces of raw scallops (the alternative was raw vegetables), a few ricotta dumplings, and 3 small pieces of venison.  That's what we get for $300? It was enough of a disappointment on New Years that we wished we'd stayed home (in Chicago) entirely.
Maybe we would have felt differently if we had the opportunity to try the normal menu.  At least then we'd be able to order something else when we ended up inevitably still hungry.  But honestly, what they offered us on a special night for an insane amount of money was flat out insulting.  It still makes me mad just to think about what a waste it was.
Seriously, I am never one to complain about 'fancy' restaurants giving 'small portions.'  I almost never eat everything on the plate, even if I love it.  Portions are never a priority.  But there really is no other word for this besides RIPOFF.Great place. The service was professional and polite. Hats off to whomever is in charge of training. Our point server was great and the team work from there kept the service smooth throughout. 
The food was great.... 6 out of 6 diners were very pleased. Shrimp and grits, pork loin, fish stew, flounder, turtle, octopus.... All very good.I came here with three of my girl friends and I must say that this was one my favorite restaurants on the trip.
The portion sizes were not large but the 4 of us were sharing plates so it didn't matter.  We all had the chance to experience the flavors of each dish.
Some of the favorites:
Blue crab beignets - absolutely delicious.  Crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside.  The flavor was amazing.  This was my absolute favorite dish of the night.
Mac n cheese - the best mac and cheese I have ever tasted.  Had a unique flavor
Pan Roasted Beef Tenderloin - anna potatoes, grilled rapini & bordelaise (the meat was super tender)
Gulf Shrimp & Grits-roasted shiitake mushrooms, smoked bacon & thyme (the grits were most noteworthy, had a lot of flavor and an ultra creamy texture)
Others dishes we had:
Sheep Cheese Pirog - pork cheek, shiitake & choucroute
Turtle Bolognese-bucatini, sherry, parsley & fried soft boiled egg (was not too impressed with this dish)
Dessert:
Butterscotch pudding - you MUST TRY!!  My mouth is still watering from the memory.
Cardamom-Mascarpone Cheesecake - was really good but not quite like the butterscotch pudding.
Overall, a wonderful experience.  I wish I could go back to try all the other dishes.  If you are going for portion size, this is not the place for you.  But if you are aiming for unique, flavorful dishes then this place is perfect.Went a few days ago for dinner. 2 appetizers. Beignet Crab. Good. Not mind blowing. Pork cheek ravioli. Extremely good. Mains: an extremely well cooked Cobia special which missed character in its presentation. An extremely blend and all in all lazy and flavor disappointing rabbit panade. Was in between 3 and 4 stars. Chose 4 for ambience. Beware: the dining room is loud.My group of 10 came for Sunday brunch and the service was fantastic from start to finish. I love it when I look at a menu and have a hard time deciding what to order. It means a repeat visit is a must :)
Since we had a wild night the night before, the cheeseburger sounded perfect especially with a sunny-side egg right on top. The burger was perfectly cooked and I loved the bread they chose to go along with it. The fries were perfectly seasoned.
Everyone at the table seemed to enjoy what they ordered. My sister ordered the Red Hammer (jazzed up bloody mary) which ended up looking more like a seafood appetizer with a side cocktail. She became full from the "drink" alone. It had pickled okra on top, crab and shrimp... Everyone's eyes got big and bloody mary fans wished they had ordered that when it came.
I definitely would return and try their regular menu. I love friendly service!We had lunch here recently and it was a memorable meal.
Interior is open and airy, with lots of natural light pouring in from Magazine st. windows. There is an abundance of table options as there are no walls inside, so there's plenty of spots to sit when the rush hour hits. 
Service was prompt and friendly. She grabbed our drink orders quickly and kept the pacing great throughout our meal. 
Food itself was fantastic. I had one of the specials which was a classic ruben, which sounds actually pretty boring, but can assure you it was very very good. Ingredients get a lot of care and attention here which makes the flavor of whatever you order pop. To top it off, everything bustling out of the kitchen looked plated with care which is always a nice touch at a place that isn't serving all white table cloth type food. 
Overall our experience was great. They've achieved a great mix between casual and fine dining, in a relaxed atmosphere that's very warm and welcoming. Will be back for their brunch we keep hearing ravings about.Beautiful restaurant, Tiffany lamps, gorgeous wood bar, excellent service. Try the delicious steak tartare with a little quail egg on top, mouth-watering blue crab beignets, sheep's milk cheese with unbelievably good pork cheek, scrumptious paneed rabbit and yummy burger. Top it off with a French martini.  You'll thank me later.  :)My wife had lunch here two days ago, and absolutely raved about the food and the service. Now that I'm done with meetings, we decided to go together for lunch.  Our server was a little surly.  We started with the savory beignets and the soup of the day, a creamy mushroom.  The soup was great; the beignets were surprisingly bland.  For our mains, my wife ordered rabbit and I, the pork chop. We were a little surprised when the rabbit came out and was breaded and fried, since the description gave no indication that was how it was prepared. My pork chop, on the other hand, was excellent - not the best I've ever had, but definitely among the top 10.I was riding solo for brunch on this particular Sunday.  I was dying to try their blue crab beignets. I must admit, I love this fried dough trend of this beautiful city.  There is a reason the chef earned a spot on Top Chef and that these are one of their top sellers.  They give you five super light and fluffy golf ball sized beignets.  The crab stuffing inside is so creamy it's almost a crabby béchamel sauce, except for the chunks of blue crab.  The chives and creamy cheese added a great rounded flavor and a perfect amount of saltiness.  And that little ramekin has a malt vinegar aoili.  The tanginess complementing the sweet fried crab flawlessly.
I certainly didn't need to keep eating too much.  I wanted to try a few more of their apps and entrées, but I was stuffed.  I simply went with grits and two fried eggs.  These were my favorite grits in New Orleans - stone ground with some butter and chives.  Yum.  The eggs were fresh and perfectly over medium.
Thank goodness for this reservation; I love love love the Garden District.  Get there during your trip - even if you spend all of your evenings on Bourbon Street.Everything we had was great! Loved loved the crab beignets, the spaghetti with shrimp was out of this world, tried the braised ribs DELICIOUS. The desserts by pastry chef Austin where to die for some of the best pastries I've had. The peanut butter brownie, the crepe brûlée, honey dew sorbet every single dessert we tried was to die for!!! The staff was friendly and welcoming. I would say if your in New Orleans you must must have dinner at La Petit Grocery.I wish i could give half stars because i would give this restaurant 3.5 stars.  The menu is very small, which coincides with the portions.  The food was fresh and the service was friendly, but nothing stood out about the place--from the decor to the food to the crowd.  I had a shrimp and grits entree, and there was simply nothing special about it, or any of the food i had.  In other cities, i might rate la Petite Grocery much higher, but in New Orleans, where there is so much good food on every corner, I found this restaurant to be nothing out of the ordinary.  it is a lovely space, and the neighborhood is wonderful, but if you're looking for a food experience, I'd look elsewhere.Loved it. Garden district Creole-style cottage that was a gourmet grocery store in the late 1800's. My dear friend from Jackson, MS knew of this place and got us a reservation. Don't miss the $4 pickle jar, best deal in the house and a delight of pickled carrots, cauliflower, and assorted veggies. One of the specials was oysters fried with a batter that I thought was just ok, but my friend felt was delicious. I prefer my oysters without any coating, though they were fresh and accompaniments were perfect. Soup was a celery root creamy delight. Entrees were braised lamb shank and paneed rabbit, both remarkable. Rabbit was battered and fried, ever so tender and delicious. Lamb shank fell off the bone with a fork. Dessert was milk chocolate ice cream puffs, good though not great. Service was attentive. Also we tried some wine.  Especially liked the Toro 2006 Rompesedas Spanish red. Worth a cab ride out of the French Quarter to escape the crowd and enjoy this carefully prepared New Orleans special food.Cozy space, excellent service, spectacular food!
Came here for dinner on Easter Sunday and had a flawless meal. We shared 4 appetizers and a dessert. The green garlic pasta with crawfish was wonderfully al dente. The fried fish collar was so flavorful and meaty, and so fun to pull rich pieces of fish meat off the bone to eat! The octopus was chewy and smoky. And the braised short rib was tender and juicy. 
For dessert, we shared the carrot cake, which shared the plate with a quenelle of mascarpone and one of carrot ginger sorbet. It was heavenly. 
Our server had perfect timing and a cheerful attitude, and the wine was well paired with our meal. If I find myself in New Orleans again, I'd absolutely return to this spot.We had an incredible brunch at La Petite Grocery over the holidays. Located in a charming part of Magazine Street, the restaurant offers a free gated parking lot which is really convenient. The bread basket was delicious and we shared the blue crab beignets to start which we're melt in your mouth. The BELA sandwich was great as well. Service was friendly and the restaurant had great ambiance.Fried green beans.  I've had them at other places, but La Petite definitely makes the best.  
Being Bastille Day weekend my goal was to eat as much French food as possible (like I don't do that normally, ha!).  Lilette was my first choice but I just went there not too long ago.  I realized I hadn't been here since Katrina.  Now was my chance!
Upsides:  They provide off-street parking, excellent service, and amazing food.
Downside: They sat us next to the bar which about 30 minutes into our meal (just when the entrées were being served) 30-35 people descended upon the bar raising the nose level to the point I couldn't have a conversation with the person I was there with.  Talk about annoying.  It did not make for a romantic setting.  There were several older couples who you could tell couldn't hear a thing their companion was saying.  I saw one gentleman having to yell in the ear of his waitress.  Get a clue!!!  The bartenders seemed extremely happy that "their" drink crowd had shown up.   Who knew that La Petite Grocery was on the bar hopping circuit for the rich and famous NOLA peeps!  This is why I gave it only 3 stars.
The food will bring me back, but next time it will be when the weather is good and I can dine outside so I can enjoy not only my food but who I'm with as well.Went for our anniversary dinner. Food was amazing and service was very good. Only reason for four stars instead of five is that it was pretty loud, which took away a bit from the ambience. Those in larger groups seem to fare a little better.
We started with the octopus, which has a smoky flavor and a texture similar to sausage - the pesto on the plate was fantastic - I'm glad we ordered it! The blue crab beignets were amazing!! Will definitely get them next time! The rabbit was fabulous!! The beef loin was also very nice - medium is more like medium rare at other restaurants, but the server can help you figure out the best way to have it cooked to your liking. Both the chocolate brownie daily special and the other chocolate dessert were very nice ways to end the meal! The brownie portion was definitely larger than the other, but no complaints on flavor! The French 75 cocktail was a nice way to start the meal, too! Will definitely be back another time!During my trip to NOLA - this was by far my favorite ! Loved the atmosphere - really nice decor and pleasant waitstaff. Being an avid top chef fan I was excited to see what chef Justin Devillier had on the menu. By far loved the blue crab beignets but the ricotta dumplings w lobster were also great. Though it's a little always from the French quarter - it's definitely worth a trip ! You won't be disappointed -I really enjoyed our dinner at this restaurant. The space was casual yet nice; the service was professional and attentive, and the food was very good. We shared the blue crab beignets and I had shrimp and grits for the main course. Shrimp and grits were delicious. They also have a good selection of beers including a Japanese beer I hadn't seen before (can't remember the name), but it was tasty.Creative and delicious food, attractive surroundings, and knowledgeable and attentive service. The crab beignets are amazing!We recently celebrated a birthday in New Orleans and we were treated with a great suprise. We were big fans of the show, All Star Academy. A woman from the NOLA area was competeing and won! Also we had heard about a local chef possibly receiving a James Beard award. Justin Devillier won! Both representing the same city and restaurant...bartender and owner/chef respectively.  WOW! what are the chances? We stopped in for lunch and had the pleasure of meeting Natasha, the winner of All Star Academy.  A truly charming and down-to-earth person.  We could not believe our luck. The lunch was excellent (burger, crab meat beignets, roasted chicken, shrimp and grits plus dessert). The drinks were made very well. Most importantly, the conversation with Natasha was memorable. Can hardly wait to return.Dined here with my girlfriend on a Sunday evening during a recent visit to New Orleans. The space had wonderful ambiance while also exuding a "neighborhood" restaurant feel due to its location on a relatively quiet section of Magazine Street - seemingly suitable for both a romantic date night or a more casual get together with friends. 
We (of course) ordered the blue crab beignets which very much lived up to the hype. Perhaps I'm biased because I love blue crab, but they were lightly fried and did not feel as heavy as one might anticipate. In addition, we shared the apple and celeriac salad, a nice change from the generally heavy food of New Orleans dining, and the LPG cheeseburger, which was one of the better burgers I've had in some time - cooked to order with a well-balanced combination of toppings. Also worth noting that our drinks, an LPG French 75 and a sazerac, were also very well made. 
The service was somewhat subpar for a restaurant with the accodales that La Petite Grocery has received. After we had already ordered, we noticed there were specials listed on a black board in the back of the restaurant, however our server did not inform us of these. The television at the bar, while turned off, seemed out of place for an otherwise beautiful dining space. Overall, would certainly recommend if in the area and would happily return.Visiting New Orleans for a conference my coworkers and I decided to make a visit after reading an article where La Petite Grocery was mentioned. 
We had a late night reservation. We ordered a red wine and had many starters. In my honest opinion, the starters blew me
Appetizers:
Crab beignets 
Apple salad
Macaroni 
Pickled jar
Dinner:
Shrimp and grits (one w bacon and one without)
Steak
Pork
Lamb shank
Dessert:
Honey ice cream with almond whipped cream
Lemon tart
Creme brûlée
Starters and desserts were on point. I thought the mains were just okay (hence my 4 star rating). Service was great- lovely team of staff!Honestly-- of everywhere that I've eaten in New Orleans, I think this is my favorite restaurant.  
Maybe I was just hungry, but the meal was so delectable.  A great place for an elegant candlelit dinner. It's quiet and comfortable, yet New Orleans chic at the same time.
If you haven't been here, give it a try.  I promise you won't regret it.Food was missing so much this day.  Fries over salted.  Lamb had no seasoning.  Scallops were decent but definitely light service size with only two (should at least have 3-4).  Shrimp and grits were decent but not worthy of a premier restaurant.  Scallops were the best out of the items.  Fresh black pepper on items would be welcome addition.  
I'm not one to send food back or complain.  This is one of the over rated restaurants in NOLA and I have been to many.  Can't recommend this place at all.  Service was decent but not stellar and it was just a lack luster experience.  My wife and I will never be back to this establishment as it pales to so many other NOLA establishments.  Save your money and go elsewhere.Food - incredible.  Blue crab beignets, braised short ribs, butter poached triple tail...yum
Service- awesome. Like sitting at a friends house.
Then there was dessert - oh my.
Definitely worth the trip. Thanks so much for a great evening.I've been back probably 10 times since my first review. One of my favorite places in the city for brunch or dinner. 5 stars for sure.Our NO native friends chose this restaurant for our post JazzFest meal this year . Great food , service and all around experience . Would highly reccomemend!Blue crab beignets. That is all I remember from eating here, but they have stuck with me ever since eating here.  The rest of the food was decent (we went for brunch), but ohhhh those beignets.  I have dreamt of them at least once a week for months now.
Seriously.  A bit expensive, but worth it.