It was late, and we were hungry. Only things open late are bars that serve food. I didn't was to walk into a club scene just to get some food. But there is nothing opened otherwise. We passed by this place just driving around. It was difficult to find parking because of its short distance to bars/clubs. But a block away isn't that far of a walk. The restaraunt I think mainly caters to drunks. Which is fine because they provide the entertainment...dinner and a show! More then one group actually did a dine and dash. I kind of felt bad for the people working there after that. There were only two people working there, so I could see how it was easy thing to have happened. The tables were dressed nicely, and besides the over all look of the place, that is out dated, I was looking forward to the food. The price of the food seemed slightly expensive. I got a shrimp po boy, it was good. Got a ton of fries with it. My fiancé got chicken tenders, they were also good. I'd go back, especially if it's late again. Their breakfast looked so good, I was sad I didn't get to try it. Maybe next time!Have eaten here twice on our trip to New Orleans. Service was really good each time. The first time we ordered ham steak and eggs which was awesome! My sister ordered a breakfast biscuit sandwich and she said it was delicious. We went again this morning and I had the Western Burger. This should definitely be split between two people- it was as big as my face!! I didn't even touch my fries but it was reallllly good. If you don't like BBQ sauce steer clear of the burger because there is a ton. My sister got the same thing I did the first time, the ham steak and scrambled eggs. This is a great place to come for breakfast. Will return on next trip to New Orleans.so I went to have some drinks with a friend and her boyfriend after she got out of work, one drink turned into a couple and next thing you know we are crabbing the munchies. My friend didn't hesitate, and knowing that very few places would be open at 2 am on a Sunday, she quickly suggested we come grab a bite at La Peniche.
And what a good idea this was! this joint is old school, homey and quaint. It looks like any other New Orleans home, with all kinds of historic drawings and pictures and even some newspaper clippings. The flowery plastic tablecloths instantly remind you of your grandma's kitchen. I guess this would be an excellent breakfast joint, but imagine it at 2 am, it has a distinct eeriness to it.
We ended up ordering a bunch of appetizers, all fried (don't judge) including mushrooms, zucchinis, and onion rings.... it was a vegetable feast fit for queens! (...and a king I suppose) all vegetables were fried to perfection and it was amazing!
I can wait to check this place out for breakfast.Our vacation timeshare standby for over 30 years!!! We've been known to eat three meals a day here.
Homey and friendly with great food! Our children and now our grandchildren love this place as well!
Generous portions, well-priced specials, yummy brunch cocktails. No pretentions, just down-home goodness.My wife and I went here since it was so close to our hotel but found that the food did not meet our expectations.  The service was okay but the food was bland, oily and though we did not order two sticks of butter, our food tasted like it anyway.
Also, the only other people inside were 2-3 detectives which would ordinarily make you feel comforted but, not these guys.  They reminded me of the crooked cops from the movie, "The Big Easy" with Ellen Barkin.I'm really sad this place is gone. I came to New Orleans and was looking forward to having breakfast and lunch here. I will miss the food and the country laid back atmosphere La Peniche had.I've eaten here four times over the past three eyars, and ever time i was way more drink that i wanted to be.  I couldn't tell you what i ate, but i can tell you i ate it all and left happy.I've also eaten here many times in years past, but the quality and service has been lacking the last couple of times.  Most recently for Mardi Gras, just wanted a couple of scrambled eggs and cheese, King Cake coffee.. Well my server who said he had pulled a triple shift, and was clearly brain dead took the order ( a couple of times) and then told me all of the items they were out of.  I sat for a half hour for the eggs... thankfully got the boozy coffee to keep me placated but really, what was going on there?  The restaurant was not full, it was pretty sparse at best.  The server told me the cook wasn't used to working day shift... huh?  So that was the excuse, and I still spent $30, despite the one free coffee drink...I'm not sure I will return and that is sad because my experiences used to be great. :(We had dinner here. It was fried, greasy and expensive. Our waitress and another gentlemen who helped with seating us and taking our drink order were pleasant and competent but could not make up for, what I have to say, was a poor quality meal that set us out $65. 
If you are visiting New Orleans, there are many, many decent restaurants at which you can enjoy a better meal for less.
I hope they improve.Cute little place with good food.  The pancakes can be shared - they are HUGE!Southern, home style cookin at its finest. The dark wood paneling and seasonally-themed tablecloths create a cozy environment that could pass for your grandmother's kitchen. Our group of five enjoyed biscuits, waffles, eggs Benedict, and an omelette special that we would order again. However, the grits are better left on the side of your plate. This heavy, filling food will leave you content and satisfied until dinner.This is one of my favorite spots in the Marigny, especially when I'm craving a mid-afternoon breakfast with a mimosa on the weekends. The staff is always friendly, and you gotta love a place that serves breakfast 24-hours a day.  I used to stop in here late-night for killer grilled cheese with fresh tomato and a night-cap beer.Giving it 4 stars for being open at 4am....or think it was 4am.  Solid late night food.There is a misplaced accent over the final 'e' in its name, but that's as French as La Peniche gets. It's a small neighborhood comfort food joint in the Marigny open almost 24/5 (closed from 2:00 pm Tuesday to 8:00 am Thursday). 
Nothing really stands out on the menu; the food is inexpensive and basic. Daily specials are usually creative and satisfying.
Locals tend to head here for the breakfasts, but late night can be very interesting; this is when the stragglers wander in from the Quarter and the Frenchmen Street jazz clubs.
It's a decent place to visit if you're in the area and want an escape from the noise and chaos of Bourbon Street.She called us N****RS! Racist! Rude! Horrible service!
After hearing negative reviews from friends I never felt the need to go to the place but my roommate and I wanted to grab something really quick so we stopped in.
We forgot our bike locks and wanted to eat outside. Since they had a table out front we didn't think this would be a problem but apparently this wasn't tolerated.
Honestly! I didn't even get to eat the food. We wanted to eat outside and right away she shut us down. Then I asked if we could order to go and then eat outside and she replied with a very rude"yes." As we placed our order she was very "standoff-ish" during the whole process. As I placed my order my roommate then placed his.
As most people do we asked if we could pay separate checks. Apparently this is a big no no at thisplace.  With a little bit of arguing she completely blew up and started dropping f-bombs and all other sorts of profanity and as I decided I had enough of the abuse I walked away and she called us n***ers! I'm still in shock that she thought it was ok for her to do this. Honestly its 2014! 
The sad part is I think she might have been the manager or the owner. Never again!After years of good times, food and colorful staffers you have closed your doors for good. We will miss you and remember you fondly!One of my favorite places to eat in the city.
Nothing fancy, just tasty home style cooking.
The Po-Boys are exceptional as are the desserts.Ate here for the first time this past Sunday with family and friends. There was six of us and we all had big breakfast items which were very filling and good. I picked up the tab and for six people it was not bad. It is a neat little place to eat in a great location. So for the quality and quanty of food and the location of the place, you get your money's worth without breaking the bank. Over all this is a good quality, quanity, money ratio!!! You get a little more than you pay for...I promise you that. Wel at least i did.Also the was not a wait and the service was great.How does this place stay in business? Gets two stars because it's open 24hrs on weekends. Otherwise, the food is not worth paying for, atmosphere is stale, service is meh. This place could be so much better.Best biscuits and gravy I've ever had. We got lost and ended up here our first morning in New Orleans, and were super happy we did. Both of the breakfasts were great. Swung back by 2 other mornings (and by "swing" I mean drove around for 40 minutes trying to find it) only to find they were closed. Way sad face, but we found Camellia's instead.La Peniche is really great food in a friendly atmosphere. It isn't 5 star food. It's good, comfort food. I had the eggs benedict -- nicely spicy. And the grits were perfectly cooked. The staff was very friendly to me even though I was eating by myself. I will come back here again.Greasy, fatty, inexpensive. You get what you pay for, I suppose. Plain iceberg lettuce salad, followed by chicken swimming in buttery pool of something or other. Overall disappointing. Move on, folks, nothing to see here. Smelled musty -- carpet disgusting. 'Cook Wanted' sign in window should have been a sign. Oh well.After days of debauchery for by brother in law's bachelor party, breakfast here hit the spot in a big way.  No frills, just good food.  It didn't help my hangover in any way though...I went to La Peniche for breakfast. Prominent on the menu was a special La Peniche version of Eggs Benedict, a dish that I love, so my choice was easy. When my food arrived, the muffin/brioche was horribly burnt. I tried to eat it anyway, because I don't mind dark toast, but it was burnt to the point of being bitter and awful...I don't know how it even got out of the kitchen that way. I signaled the waitress and told her that I couldn't eat the dish in its current state, so she apologized took it back to the kitchen for a recook. It took at least 20-30 minutes for the recooked dish to come back...if I hadn't finally reminded the waitress, I'm pretty sure I would never have gotten my food. The recooked version was not burned, but it was still pretty bad. The hollandaise sauce was not buttery or lemony, the canadian bacon was too thickly cut and very tough, and the tomato slice had no business being there. The breakfast potatoes were undercooked...still crunchy. Very unappealing. The coffee was also pretty bad. My dining companion got an omelette and seemed pretty happy with it, but my food was total crap. The waitress was nice but not very attentive, which could be forgiven if anything else had gone right. I know this place is popular with locals, especially for late night eats, so I might try it again at some point, but damn...this was a bad visit.Damned good and plentiful breakfast. 
I forget about this place cause it is so far away (pun intended) on the other side of the Quarter...but I digress...
Back to breakfast, which is becoming somewhat of weekend thing with 'breakfast trick' (term used affectionately) from the neighborhood. A little dark and stuffy for me but that didn't stand in the way of a good, decently priced breakfast. Nothing fancy: eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns and (yellow) corn grits - the kind meal that will put you in a food coma (which is what I usually want early saturday morning). 
Do try the corn grits...best grits I can remember eating in a long time.We went there hoping to get breakfast on Fat Tuesday, even calling the day prior to be sure they were open. The staff was rude when I asked to have my name put on the Wait List, grabbing it out if my hand in fact (the person in front of me put her name in the list so I assumed it was okay)!  Despite the fact the restaurant was more than half empty, we were told the wait would be about 30 minutes. There were approximately 20 people waiting for seating and we were there at least that long. I even went in to inquire about our status and again met with attitude. Finally, another customer came out and  told us the lights were out in the kitchen, so they wouldn't be seating anyone until they were back on. I don't understand why they didn't explain the situation when we arrived so we weren't left waiting, expecting to eat. A local tipped us off to The Rose Cafe in Decatur so we went there instead. It was perfect!  They had a special Mardi GRAS menus and the service was great. As for La Peniche...never again!This place is a hidden gem to me. good food, good service and i always go after i have been out partying. lol they even serve good drinks if u want to keep the party going. it is a good place to be different than the average Ihop  and waffle house type joints.I'm gonna tell it to you straight, because this sort of place begs for no nonsense treatment. La Peniche is the type of place you're going to hit up when you're hungry for that first-or last- meal of the day, like *really* hungry. Or, it should be. 
The lowdown:
-perfectly fine breakfast/lunch/drunky food
-open all kinds of hours (but it seems to close during what in Europe would be siesta hours?), including 24 on the weekends. I didn't see hours posted on the door so I'd call if, say, you realize you're hungry at like 3pm. 
-service industry specials
-incredibly sweet waitresses
You're not going to get anything special here, but sometimes the plain old good stuff is what's going to cure what ails you. 
Oh and there is something charming about the fact that the decor conjures up a country diner, circa 1983.
More to sway your spending decision: my breakfast (grits and eggs) came to a big fat $5.00.Tasty little diner off the beaten path.  The staff was friendly, and the food was yummy.  Not pricey at all, and I imagine it would be great for after a night drinking seeing as they are open 24 hours.  Except for tues-Wed.While I've eaten here many times in the past and enjoyed it, I've had a string of really poor experiences lately that make it hard for me to recommend this place.
The food is pretty good for 24-hour dive spot, but the staff isn't very pleasant and the food often often takes entirely too long to make.
Recently, I waited 50 minutes between placing an order (pancakes, no less) and receiving my food. Instead of an apology, I was treated to the owner telling me that it's "really hard to keep up with the amount of clientele they had" since they "make everything to order and have a small griddle."  When I recommended that they instead not seat more people than they can handle she told me that she would hate to do that and have people leave instead of waiting (something I contemplated doing while waiting for my pancakes). In the end, she comped my coffee, but only after making it sound like I was putting her out for bringing up that a 50 minute wait time for food was ridiculous at what is ostensibly a diner.
The only real plus here is the fact that it's 24 hours and near quite a few late night watering holes. If it's late (and you're drunk) and have no other options, it's perfectly fine for what it is. But there are better spots to hit nearby along Frenchmen and in the Quarter if you're hungry during normal business hours.I love this place! Been coming here since the 90s never had a bad meal. Breakfast, dinner or sandwiches and great desserts in a quaint corner location.I have to agree with several of the comments below regarding quality of food, service and friendliness.  The restaurant had a funky musty odor, food was ok and the lady who we interacted with was not very friendly and seemed put out that we ordered and paid for our food.  However they were conveniently open near the house we're staying since none of us wanted to drive back out and fight traffic.  So if it's late at night and you want a bite to eat in the Marigney neighborhood this lace will work.  Highly recommend the red beans and rice with sausage, that was the best dish out of what everyone ordered.Nestled just a few blocks from R bar and frenchman street is a little diner filled with the charm of hideaways like The WhistleStop cafe, only without the suspicion of murder...that I know of...
I found it by accident on a late night after.a show and I go back ever time I get out late from a performance in the marigny. The staff is laid back but fun to talk to if you find yourself alone wanting to discuss the merits of current theatrical works (just talk to Michael with the gray hair) 
In sum it's a great and consistent place to get late night burgers or belgian waffles and not have to deal with the crowds and noise at 13. It's not haute cuisine but the chef can be imaginative or simple depending on your preference.Went here late night with my boyfriend. I got the bread pudding, and he had the blueberry pancake. My bread pudding tasted okay at the time, but I felt sick afterwards. I didn't actually throw up, but I was afraid I would. I took some Pepto Bismol pretty soon after leaving. I think it was the cream sauce on top of the pudding that didn't agree with me. My boyfriend's pancake was huge, but it didn't taste good unfortunately. Not enough sugar or something, and the texture was tough.
The waitress was super nice and attentive, but while the chef was not cooking, he was in the front chatting with her. Normally I wouldn't care, but he was talking about all sorts of things I don't want to hear about while I'm eating, such as drugs, cops, mental disorders, etc.
Also there was a roach-like bug dying in the bathroom. Yuck.My hosts in New Orleans recommended La Peniche early on, but unfortunately, I wasn't able to visit until the very last morning of my stay. I nearly cried when I went because my beautiful berries & cream French toast was sooo good, but I couldn't finish or take it home.
I went here alone and never felt unwelcome or uncomfortable. Just one more reason to visit New Orleans again.Great staff, great food! Good place for breakfast or lunch. Always something going on around here!  Their motto is definitely "Keeping it Real"Cheap nice people fair food. Strong mimosas:) easy breakfast no complaints. excellent pieLoved this place. The staff was friendly and the place felt like someone's living room made over. It is small and quaint. When I went Halloween weekend, they had some creative themed dishes and drinks for the holiday.
My boyfriend had an amazing Eggs Benedict with a thick slice of ham and I wondered why everyone doesn't put tomato on their Benedict. It was perfect!
I had the 2 egg dish with grits and a biscuit. and a side of gravy. Exactly everything I needed. :-)This is a nice place off the beaten path.  Perfect for people looking for a quiet place outside of the French Quarters.  It is a good dirty breakfast with great biscuits and grits.  
The lunch options, service, and cleanliness are all average.We found this corner place while on vacation in NOLA for 6 days. We loved their breakfast specials and drinks.  All of the breakfast was hearty and homemade. They had awesome mimosas and really good bloody mary's (though could use a tad more vodka for my taste). Though the place got crowded at times, we were seated very quickly.Southwestern split white pea soup - came w/ entree.  Our server said it came with little bits of ham/bacon, but I didn't really have any in bowl.  *pout*
French onion soup - 5.95.  Just regular...it came in a big bowl so the cheese didn't spill over like the ones served in small bowls.
Tossed salad - 3.95.  Just your typical, run of the mill tossed salad.
Crawfish, andouille sausage, & tasso sausage étouffée - 12.95.  Absolutely delicious.  They should make this a normal entree on their menu vs. having it only as a special.  Yummy!!!
The place is cute.  We liked that it was off the beaten path and not touristy, at all.  There was only one server that night so the service was kinda slow, but whatever, we were in the Big Easy and weren't in a hurry anyways.Great little cafe!!!  The food was spectacular, we went for breakfast and I ordered the special which was an omlet with jumbalaya in it, it also came with potatoes and this delicious huge biscuit.  Best biscuit I have ever had.  The food was great, a typical little greesy spoon cafe.  Service was really great!!!  The coffee was a bit aweful, pretty muddy but I doctored it up with milk and sugar.So good! Just don't piss off the wait staff by walking inside with your big group of friends. Send an emissary to give your name to the host/waiter. Follow that rule, and you'll get great service. One thing to note about the food: I thought everything my friends and I ate here was amazing with the exception of the shrimp po boy. But maybe I just caught it on a bad day.We stopped by based on the nearby hotel recommendation. Let me just say that I was just glad a restaurant was opened on the rainiest night in recent memory. Bottom line, the place was okay but nothing to write home about. The Fried Green Tomato appetizer was forgetable and the crawfish ettoufee was nice but ordinary, something I could make myself. The service was good if over attentive. I would not go out of your way to go here. I expect better in this town. Would have given it two stars but our waitor was a good guy.If I lived near by I would probably have been more into this place, but it was just okay.  I got a ridiculous elvis themed pancake with peanut butter, bananas and honey which was really too rich to eat.   I am pretty sure they used a whole jar of peanut butter, no joke. The funny thing is even with that ridiculous mashing of rich ingredients it was still super bland.  My boyfriend had a crawfish scramble which he didn't seem to enjoy at all.  It was all just kind of flavorless.   
That said, our waitress was really cool and I want to give it one more star for her sake, but I just wasn't feeling it.The first time I ate at La Peniche, a friend and I went for brunch and I discovered the magic that is known as the breakfast po-boy. This was more than a year ago, and to this day it remains arguably the BEST breakfast I've ever had. Hands down. I keep going back for brunch and hoping it'll be on the specials menu... No luck so far, but I keep hoping. 
Another thing I really like about La Peniche brunches are the very creative mimosas they have on the menu. I can't remember names off the top of my head, but I once had a blue mimosa that was quite fantastic. 
I will say, La Peniche keeps odd, odd hours. They're open Tuesday through Sunday, or something like that, 24 hours for the days of the week they're open. Definitely check to see if they're open before you go.Ignore anyone complaining about the quality of the place with their world-class foodie noses in the air! La Peniche is tucked into the neighborhood, accessible for locals to eat classic food without any airs. It's a diner for real people, open 24 hours a day so workers on Frenchmen st can grab a bite after the party ends. The seafood is fried, the breakfasts are hardy, the burgers huge, (I love the smoked sausage po'boy!) the waitresses sassy and the clientele mostly characters. Relax, people. It's an old school diner!Man. This place brought some of my favorite things together. I got the breakfast-lunch. It was a grilled cheese sandwich, a fried egg on top, and sausage gravy on top of that! Blew my mind. The rasberry mimosa and shrimp po boy are also spectacular. Not to mention incredibly nice and attentive servers. Well done dudes.Went here for my BDAY (bf is a cop). This is a cop haven, they all hang here late nights. This place smells (stinky ) to high heavens. The food is very average & the service I lackluster. Avoid avoid avoid... Better eating facilities in NOLA.Good biscuit, and tasty smoked sausage.  Reasonably priced too.Really good food, and you better leave room for peanut butter pie!!!Comfort food at its height.  Good local place, nothing frilly.  Good prices.  The biscuits were exceptional and the pancakes were bigger than my head and perfectly crisp on the outside and like a cake on the inside!  the only thing that was bad was the coffee.Boy, I really wanted to give this place at least 3 stars, just because the staff is so friendly. But, honestly, the food is kind of so-so. I had one of the specials, crawfish benedict. The English muffin was not fresh, the poached egg was tough and t he crawfish sauce was a brown, muddled mess. Diet coke was quite refreshing, though. . .I don't want to write critiques for establishments in a city where the joints are constantly changing position, depending on the time of day, time of year, or fleeting moods.
however, there are some places that you get a feel for consistency.
we stumbled upon this joint, located just east of the French Quarter (of Esplanade).  the mail lady sent us there.
a Bloody Mary, a Screwdriver, and a Greyhound started us off.  homemade hollandaise sauce topped my eggs benedict, and the quiche of the day was freaking fantastic.
we had a great time here.  it's a locals' place that tourists can find if they put in the effort.  there's love in the kitchen, and in the front of the house.  I hugged Laurie when we left.After a night with my friends on Frenchman we came here for breakfast and it was great.  A very quaint setting in an old house it's open 24 hours, prices are reasonable, and everything is good from the breakfast (omelets are excellent waffles are great too) to the lunch/dinner options. If you are in the Marigny and looking for a place to get a good breakfast I recommend La Peniche.  The people watching here is also top notch.Absolutely horrible. This restaurant as gone downhill quick. I ate here two years ago and raved about it. However, I went this year for Easter weekend, my mother, a friend, and I ate an early dinner. The food was subpar, didn't blow me away. 
Not hours later we were all horribly sick, throwing up (amongst other things that I won't unveil) all throughout the night. Even after seeing a doctor on Monday, our sickness lasted for almost an entire week. The common denominator that we all ate was lettuce. 
You would think with the new Red Ruby Slipper opening up not two blocks away that La Peniche would step up their game. Obviously not the case. I do not recommend this restaurant AT ALL, unless you want to ruin the rest of your week.Not only will you overhear the best conversations in the world here, the staff is absolutely awesome (WE LOVE JO!), I will never forget her raised eyebrow when I answered her salad dressing question with "Oh, something light and easy."  She made my day.
Food is good ol' fashioned southern breakfast comfort food.
I had an asparagus quiche with a greens salad and shared biscuits with sausage gravy with my fellow diners.  It was all awesome.  The bloody mary my friend had was great. A must for brunch.Absolutely horrible. This restaurant as gone downhill quick. I ate here two years ago and raved about it. However, I went this year for Easter weekend, my mother, a friend, and I ate an early dinner. The food was subpar, didn't blow me away. 
Not hours later we were all horribly sick, throwing up (amongst other things that I won't unveil) all throughout the night. Even after seeing a doctor on Monday, our sickness lasted for almost an entire week. The common denominator that we all ate was lettuce. 
You would think with the new Red Ruby Slipper opening up not two blocks away that La Peniche would step up their game. Obviously not the case. I do not recommend this restaurant AT ALL, unless you want to ruin the rest of your week.Like the other reviewers, we were on vacay in NOLA and the hostess of our lovely bed and breakfast suggested La Peniche to us for some hardy, "non-fancy" chow. She was right....the evening we arrived we walked over there because they are open, 24 hrs a day! They are closed a couple of weird days in the middle of the week but when you need them on the weekend, they're open.
That night we had a darn good burger, a wonderful PoBoy, french fries were on the m mark and our drinks were refilled often. We were the only customers in there at the time but our service was still good all three times we ate there.
The next meal was breakfast, real chunks of ham slices in my husbands ham and cheese omelet, fresh mushrooms in my delicious white gravy which floated over an amazing biscuit. 
Both our servers were older white ladies who seemed abrupt at first but competent, when they found out we were from  San Diego, they warmed up and shared lots of tips about the area.
It's def what you might call a dive and not a fine dining establishment because it's decorated with someones special chotsky's all over the place, but it is charming, albeit a bit dark inside. 
Since we were trying to eat all over NOLA, we didn't want to eat here everyday but if we were natives, it would be our regular stop.
***Btw, the night we were there, I wanted a piece of something sweet...the server suggested a piece homemade carrot cake of which there was only one slice left. I took it to go and when we got back to our BnB, I noticed that it weighed about a pound and it had to be THE single BEST piece of carrot cake I've ever eaten in my glutinous, overeating life!!! ***I had fond old memories of La Peniche and their grilled chicken sandwich with green salad (1000 island dressing). Good food and good times, several times years ago. During our last visit to beautiful New Orleans we mentioned we would be having lunch at La Peniche. Our host warned us not to go; we ignored him and walked about 3/4 mile there.
He was right. It was not good. I should have used my restaurant intuition (*which usually is quite accurate) when I saw the sign over the hot station "86 whole wheat buns". I opted for soup and salad- both of which were ok.
J ordered their bloody mary- it was WORST one either of us has ever had! It tasted strange and metallic with an unpleasant odor-I had him move it to the other side of the table.
His fried seafood catch supper had a funny aftertaste. Was the fish ok?
It was not too clean in there, and the chef and new-boy trainee were slow and seemed really out of it, like the customers were guests at their home just ~hanging~ out. Just very laid back but poor quality and attention to detail :(
The waitress was sweet and they had Halloween decorations up.
What a total bummer that it did not live up to how we remembered it.
Ah, memories. Alas, I will not be going back.Went here twice and ordered the daily special both times. Dinner weighed me down to the point of lethargy. Greasy pork chops. It is quite evident that salads are not a priority for them. The lettuce was almost white and the tomatoes were almost yellow. There was nothing else in the salad. Breakfast made me nauseated. Blueberry pancakes with blueberries suspended in some kind of cream. If you like heavy and rich food, you might not get a stomach ache here. I do not like heavy and rich food and got a stomach ache twice.I miss you dearly La Peniche.  Many fuzzy, spotty and even.. had to be told I was there.. memories with you.  You are missed.Cute little place off the beaten path. No wait. Delicious. Homemade. Can seat larger parties but also be intimate. Right in the middle of a neighborhood. Heard all the sounds of football, kid games in backyards, jazz. It was awesome! Even got a dirty bird cooking lesson by a neighbor. Street parking can be hard to find.La Peniche is an unassuming restaurant, hidden in the Marigny. The prices are typical for the area, but the specials are the highlight. You can get the shrimp feast, for example, for under $10 if you go on the right day/time. But realistically, you can get almost every meal there for under $20. The food overall is good, but not remarkable. There is a need for more seasoning. Not that any of it is bad. The shrimp is fried perfectly, the amounts generous, but there is something missing in the batter. Then again, they have several types of hot sauce, and well, everything tastes better with hot sauce.
The wait staff must be spoken of. They are perhaps the friendliest anywhere in New Orleans. They could serve me fast food that they brought in and I would not mind.Consistently great service and food.  It's off the beaten track but walking distance from Frenchmen St.  Clientelle mostly locals with no line for brunch even on the weekend.  Adventurous cuisine is their signature.  As I write this I'm having a delicious fusion dish of crawfish étouffée over a tortilla huevos-style.  The signature corn grits are a must.Whoever put 'good for kids' is totally wrong. High chairs are not available and when we went for breakfast the waitress did not seem too happy to have a child in there. While an adequate place to grab breakfast at any time of day or night, unless you like attitude steer clear when you have young ones in tow.Great food, nice and quiet, homey, great neighborhood.To ring in 2011 the right way, the girlfriend & I spent the week around New Year's Eve in New Orleans. During that short time, we discovered a historic city with long traditions of great music, outstanding food & continuing perseverance.
The morning after 2010 ended hunger demanded breakfast. The girlfriend & I made the short walk down Dauphine Street from our room to La Peniche. Though neither the girlfriend nor I will ever be accused of being a morning person, we somehow got there barely before the breakfast rush & were seated right when we walked in.
Service was friendly but a little hit or miss. I ordered the Marigny Croissant, the girlfriend ordered the Eggs Benedict & we split an order of Biscuits & Gravy. We also had Coffee. There was a bit of a wait for our food, but not too long. When I go out for breakfast, I love a big, hearty, filling breakfast. Breakfast at La Peniche did not disappoint. My Marigny Croissant was light & buttery on the outside, but heavy, cheesy deliciousness on the inside. The Biscuits & Gravy were really good too, with a gravy I wanted to smother everything in. The coffee was OK.
For a seriously rib-sticking breakfast, La Peniche is a good place to go to start off the day with enough calories to last the entire day.Went to La Peniche recently for a 3am dinner (sometimes, I forget to eat dinner; sometimes, the Tummy Gods refuse to let me just go to bed, thus 3am dinners become necessary) and discovered that La Peniche in the middle of the night on a random weekday is a much quieter place than La Peniche around noon-ish for Sunday brunch. And I think I might like it better that way. Quiet, that is. 
The real reason I feel compelled to update my review is because I had the French Onion Soup (for my 3am dinner), and it was freaking AMAZING. Some of the best I've had, and I've apparently become a connoisseur of French Onion Soup lately. Which is odd, because until recently I don't even think I liked it. 
In any event, if you're starving, it's an absolutely unreasonable hour, and you're unwilling to drive to Metairie and/or tired of Verti Marte and/or want to actually sit down and be waited on (at 3am), this is an excellent choice. 
Also, the French Onion Soup. She rocks. I will definitely be back. And this time I'm ordering a big bowl.