What an AMAZING occurrence that we ended up here after another barbecue place ran out of food!
So yeah, we started out at another spot and they were out of food when we got there. Super bummed and still in the mood for barbecue, we started wandering around Mid City and my trusty Yelp app guided me to this place. We were greeted by the super nice woman working the counter and she explained the whole process.
I decided to get the one-meat plate with "wet" pulled pork, grits and potato salad, I also got a medium mac and cheese, because I can. My boyfriend got the two-meat plate with brisket and pulled chicken with potato salad and fries. The food blew us both away! It was delicious from beginning to end. The pulled pork was perfect and had the perfect amount of sauce without being drenched. I could tell that if I hadn't ordered it wet it still would have been able to stand on it's own. The mac and cheese was incredible, and after the pork, was my favorite part of the meal. The stone ground grits had a different type of flavor (almost smoky) that I enjoyed and the potato salad was served cold and had that nice crunch that I like in potato salad,
We both agreed that the food was excellent, and a good deal to boot, and that we would both make the trip back out to Earhart, just to have more of this delicious food. The owner himself was bringing the food out to folks and he was really friendly and made sure that we were happy with everything. I like when the owners take the time to make sure that everything is okay. The atmosphere is casual and comfortable and the entire process was a breeze. I will definitely return to LA Smokehouse and I'll be adding it to my "BBQ Favorites" list for future reference.I went to LA smoke on Thursday afternoon we had to poke rib coleslaw and fries when the rib came out the first time they was Cold send them back they came out hot but they tasted horribleThis was delicious bar b que! The meats were fantastic- you barely needed any sauce! The brisket and smoked sausage were my favorite, but the boudin and pulled pork were fantastic too. The sides were just as good- the Mac and cheese and black eyes peas were out of this world delicious. The service was prompt and friendly. I am already planning what I will get the next visit!Restaurants don't have to have $50 entrees to be great.  This hole in the wall is ran by a nice family and offers 7 different types of BBQ Sauces made in house!  The Maque Choux Mac is one of the best things I've ever had.  For under $15 you can enjoy that with their many times of sandwiches and/or meat selections.This place is awesome. Try the black eyed peas. This is one of the nicest BBQ joints in the city. I can't wait to come back.Ribs were incredible. Mac & cheese was off the chain. Cornbread was great too.  Lots of flavor in everything.  Service was A++++ high recommend this place to anyone visiting NOLANo offense to anyone but the curse of the inability for NOLA to have really good BBQ has reared its ugly head here again. Good portions and the sides were tasty but sides aren't really what people come to a BBQ place for. The ribs were tough with a distinct over charred flavor. The brisket had a good smoke flavor but maybe it had been cut too early because it was dry. No complaints on the sausage though. Sorry guys....I really wanted to like it.  I know they are new so I'll try again and keep my fingers crossed.Let me start with saying I am originally from Texas! We know bbq like none other...especially brisket!  While the ribs and pull pork sandwich were decent, the brisket is what I base my reviews on when it comes to a smokehouse.  The owner is super nice and informative!  I wouldn't mind coming back for ribs and pull pork.  It's decent compared to many others I have seen around here.  The place is really clean and I love the choices of sauces available.  It's more on the vinegar and Tabasco side of the sauce scales.  I like my sauces thicker and use of Sriracha can achieve the spiciness without the tart taste.   
When it comes to brisket, the smoke flavor profile seemed to be lacking.  I like to see the smoke ring that a smokehouse should have on their meats.  Brisket should be able to hold its own flavor without dousing an obscene amount of sauce on it to bring out flavors.  The brisket was a bit tough which tells me it needs more time @ lower temps.  
Bc this place is new, I would love to try it again in a few months to see improvements! I always encourage everyone to support their local joints! I don't discourage anyone from coming to try this place!Wow! Great atmosphere hot music and righteous BBQ! Nice bark on the brisket the pulled pork was buttery and flavorful and the sauce bar? OMG! The Mac and cheese corn Maque choux was amazing and the stone ground grits were delectable! Great portions for your money! This is going to be a repeat for me!I feel in love with this place i tried something new every week ...everything on the menu was perfect! I loved the staff that works at this restaurant everyone was professional and friendly.  Im truly sad i had to come back to Texas . I will miss this place!!First time here and will be back! We ate the borderline salad with pulled pork and a smokehouse muffuletta- delish!! The restaurant was clean and service excellent. They have a great selection of dishes to choose from, we highly recommend!!A neighborhood gem! My husband and I just tried LA Smokehouse for the first time and really enjoyed our meals. He had the two meat platter with ribs and sausage. The sausage was the clear standout, but the ribs were good, too. For sides, he had the potato salad and black eyed peas. The potato salad was great, but he would try something other than the peas next time. I had the one meat platter with pulled pork - it had a nice smoky flavor - worth ordering again. For sides, I had the maque choux mac and cheese - unique with great kick, and the coleslaw - a good option. We redeemed the Yelp check-in special and thoroughly enjoyed the free cheese fries - very cheesy with good texture. On top of the great food, the owner was super friendly and helpful, the sauce variety was awesome, and the prices were fair. We look forward to visiting again, and encourage you to try this place!This place is absolutely amazing. We went inside to indulge a bit and the cashier was incredibly friendly and patient. He laid out all the options for us clearly, and helped us order based on our specific preferences. After we ordered, we sat and listened to the lovely jazz background music they had playing and then before I knew it (maybe 7-10 minutes) our food was coming out. Talk about fast!!!! The meats were all cooked to PERFECTION. And the fries are to die for. Highly recommend this place.Great addition to much needed NOLA BBQ scene.  Food was delicious, servings plentiful, service outstanding.
Must vist!!Excellent barbeque. Loved the mac and cheese and the ribs (short rib and pork ribs) which I'd recommend over the brisket (which was good, but not quite as good). They also give you cheese fries if you check in which were awesome.Very nice place to eat! If you leave this place hungry, it's your own fault! The portion sizes are huge!  
Just Good Food! If your in NOLO, PUT THIS PLACE ON YOUR TO DO LIST!This lil place is sort of hidden away ,next to french riviera gym. the menu selections are endless, 2 walls are posted with choices you can make. along with the sides you can customize your meal. i must say the owners were the nicest n friendliness couple. they both put customer satisfaction into their busniess. they made zure u were happy w your meal,even coming by the table to ask if you are enjoying ur selections. the side wall has over 8 sauces that u can add to ur meats. the bbq is so good n you get large helpings too. everything i tasted was delicious.  you must make this place a must, you won't be disappointed. once u visit spread the word about this lil gem/jewel.We were visiting New Orleans and found this place close to where we were staying. We were headed that was close to closing but we were hungry. The owners greeted us warmly and the food came out fresh and good. This place was nicely designed by the owners and will satisfy the hard core Bbq enthusiast and their family alike. Great place and we will definitely visit again when we come back to this area :)Went here for a dinner with friends, so yummy!  Great selection of BBQ and the staff was courteous and friendly. It appears to be more of a take out place as there is not a lot of seating, but it was not crowded when we went, so it was not an issue.
The portions are perfect, and I felt everything was reasonably priced.  Will definitely head back when I crave BBQ!Food was great. Will definitely be back. Had the brisket and chicken with mac and cheese and potato salad. The sweet BBQ sauce was on point. They only thing is that I wish the food would have been hot instead of lukewarm. 
If your kids hate pickles and green onions as much as mine do then ask them to leave it off. Had a ton on their plate and they threw a fit.This place even smells amazing. I had a smoked portobello sandwich (so I can't vouch for the meat) with cheese, lettuce, tomato, chipotle mayo, but left out the poblano peppers and a side of fries. I thought it was great.Everything was excellent! The slaw which I chose to have put on the side, ended up being delicious, and just made the pulled pork even better. What a surprise. The grits and pulled pork bowl was amazing! Finding LA Smokehouse made my 4th of July! Highly recommend!I'm a native Texan and very picky about smoked meats! The pulled smoked chicken is great! Moist and very flavorful which is hard to do. The staff was great too! We split a pulled chicken sandwich and a poblano salad for lunch. We will definitely be back!Pulled pork no flavor.....boudin no flavor .....no smoke flavor at all and the sauce was just wet...again no flavor - black eyed peas .... no flavor.....coleslaw was good - gumbo just weird ... only ate a couple bites of each thing and my ankles were swollen an hour later because apparently the only seasoning they do use is salt......my 23 year old son couldn't even eat this and he eats anything.... save your $$$ this is NOT BBQ!I don't even like barbecue and I like LA Smokehouse. It is right off the Earhart expressway which is very convenient coming from 70123. It's an order at the counter type place so its good for a quick or casual lunch. 
For not being a full service place, the service was great! The lady at the counter was super nice. The customer in front of us was also a first timer so she explained the menu to us really well and offered some good suggestions, while we gazed at the big menu on the wall above us. She also told us about the check in deal on Yelp. Sweet!! 
I ordered the bbq chicken salad and it was a great salad because there was more toppings than actual lettuce, which in my opinion is exactly how a salad should be. The chicken had a very smokey flavor so if you love that whole bbq smoke thing, you will love this place. I really liked that they had other options besides the standard BBQ meat plates with sides. I did have serious food jealousy of my husbands mac and cheese. He shared so he is a keeper. 
I would go back and try more of the yummy sides. Great spot for lunch or for take out! Plus, plenty of free parking making it easy to get in and out.We had the pulled pork sandwich , smoked sausage, and ribs, with potatoes salad and slaw. The sandwich was delicious, with thick sliced bread, sweet peppers, pickles, and onions was really tasty and very filling. The rinse fell apart and were perfect. The sausage was equally delicious as everything else. They had a large selection of tasty sauses, my favorite was the peach habenero bbq sause. 
The only request I have is a larger beer selection.Really nice folks run this place and while they have some good food they just don't seem able to produce a good brisket.  Unfortunately this is one of the worst examples of brisket currently in the area.  They do have a nice selection of sauces and quite a variety of sides.  They have some creative ideas and do a lot of things here with pickles, sides, sandwiches and entrees.  If you only want chicken or pork BBQ they seem to be far more proficient in that area of BBQ skills.  Overall this is probably a three star joint but the seriously lacking brisket is a vital component of any BBQ place outside of Alabama and the Carolinas.  McClures went to brisket school and improved their brisket offering so I would suggest a good brisket course would drastically improve the results here also.OMG!!! Best bbq and especially their sauce selection and maqchoux Mac and cheese.......EAT. HERE. NOW!!!First visit was awesome. Sides were amazing, pulled pork great. Second visit was disappointing, the brisket was VERY dry and tastelessVery good smoked meats and excellent sides. The staff are very friendly and attentive. Also the baby there is super cuteFirst visit was awesome. Sides were amazing, pulled pork great. Second visit was disappointing, the brisket was ver dry and tastelessMy favorite BBQ place in town. Could eat the pulled pork grits bowl (hold the okra) weekly. Nobody seems to know about it, which is sad. Please go so they won't close!Location. This is a great accessible location, nestled right in the middle of Earhart. Pretty easy to get to. However depending on the day parking can be a little rough. There is a small shared lot, but there is also street parking. The inside is very neat with a woody look, very spacious and clean environments with seating efficiency, which I appreciate. This location is good for group lunches in my opinion.
The Food. The food is reasonably priced and with good portions so no issues here. I went with a brisket plate with the Mac and Cheese and Okra. The okra was wonderful, properly salted and fried to perfection; enjoyed every bit of it! The Mac and cheese was creamy and delicious. I also tried the loaded cheese fries with provolone cheese, which was oh so tasty. As for the brisket, I didn't get the smokey taste I prefer, also was slightly dry. The brisket was overall okay. I appreciated the intense sauce bar, so many different options ranging from sweet to spicy.Excellent.   Great staff and very unique options.
Grillades are very unique and full of flavor. I have had 3 meals here and every single one of them has been excellent.Jeez, where do I start?! First, I love seeing an owner present at the front of their establishment. He was super friendly and understandably proud of what he has built. This is not an average bbq joint and I love that! It has a few fusion twists like grillade bowls and multiple styles of sandwiches that cross from Cajun to southwestern flair. I'm going back specifically to try a smoked Caesar salad!!  
The sauce bar in the front is on point! So many differing flavors. The house bbq is delicious but my favorite choices today were the 5 cane and sweet heat sauces. Grab a few small containers and try them all! 
The meat honestly doesn't "need" sauce. It stands apart on its own. The brisket and pulled pork were perfect. The smoked sausage has a classic Cajun green onion flavor and available hot or mild. 
The coleslaw is very unique. It has pickled hot peppers in the mix that give it a spice and flare I haven't seen before and very much enjoyed. You have got to get the maque choux Mac n cheese. It's the best possible fusion between two amazing dishes and next time I'll order two so I don't have to share with my daughter! 
I will be back, sooner rather than later!Nothing memorable.  
The pulled pork was very greasy and mushy.  Mac n cheese bland, watery, and overcooked noodles.  Grits, like eating paste.  Bread and butter pickles looked like they were made a month ago.  No crunch.  Odd spices.
Didn't even finish the plate.  No bueno.Louisiana Smokehouse is a brand new place on Earhart with a pretty sweet concept: mixing barbecue meats with cheese grits in a variety of flavored. I had the southwestern style cheese grits with tomatillo, corn, tomato, and union with some barbecue chicken. It was so good! And they need some more business so I figured I'd help get the word out.The food is pretty good - I usually go for brisket, but everytime I'm here, the menu is redone and the prices go up significantly, so they tend to see me less and less.Ok... Yum is all I have to say! Thank you for finally getting a great BBQ place in Nola! The food was amazing! I got the chopped chicken on a bun which came with a huge scoop of Cole slaw. I got 3 different sauces to try (which they make in house) all were great but my sandwich literally didn't even need a sauce. I also got the black eyed peas on the side. Where do I begin on that? It was a meal in itself. It was similar to a bean stew. So good!! We also got their home made chili just to try - amazing. Only thing on the down side is the location. Would be hard to get to during traffic hours. The restaurant itself is absolutely beautiful! So clean! Do these guys and yourself a favor and check them out. You WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!Awesome flavor, Cozy atmosphere! This place is definitely worth a try if you're looking for high protein. They just opened less than a month ago so they are still working out the kinks, but I have no doubt they have what it takes to be the best bbq in the city. Great job guys!As a born and raised Texan, I can definitely recognize good BBQ and sides!
The choices were plentiful and the prices were fair for what you get.
My boyfriend and I shared a 3 meat plate and still had plenty of leftovers to take home.
We tried the brisket, sausage, crawfish boudain, ribs, maque choux mac and cheese and potato salad. All were impeccable! The taste was amazing! 
The service was great! I can't say enough about this place. I can't wait to go back!This is serious barbecue. I got a plate of spare ribs dry and the meat was good enough to eat without sauce. The meat was moist and slid nicely off the bone. I did eventually add sauce just for comparison and I loved the house BBQ and peach habanero.
The mac and cheese is otherworldly. The cheese blend was delicious and creamy, plus there are bits of corn and bacon which give it a great texture.
Cole slaw was fine but nothing special.
Can't recommend this spot highly enough. So glad there's a good BBQ spot around here.This place is a diamond in the rough. The mac and cheese is fantastic. French fries are great. Had the pulled pork po boy which was also quite good. The quality and taste of the food is much better than you would expect for the price.
After talking with the owner this is a newer establishment and it's great to see a new local business really putting out quality food. This place has great potential and is definitely going to be a staple.Nice people and extensive menu. But,  the sides were better than the meat. Brisket was dry and not very tender. Good selection of sauces. Ribs were just ok,  but the smoked sausage was good.I'm a Charleston, SC Native. Carolina boy through and through. Ever since I've moved to the big easy I've been craving a good mustard based pulled pork BBQ. Then I found LA Smokehouse and it was everything I wanted and more. AMAZING amazing food, and at a very reasonable price. My girlfriend and I ate dinner for $25! Can't beat that!Some of the best bbq around with awesome mac & cheese, cheesy grits & grillades bowls!Great ribs.  Let's start out with the best thing about my experience here.  Actually, if it weren't for the ribs, I probably wouldn't give them three stars or ever return to try more.  These are some of the best you'll find in Louisiana.  Fresh, juicy, nicely smoked and delicious.  The rub wasn't overbearing.  
The rest was a fail for me.  Just like a lot of hipster barbecue around New Orleans and for that matter around the country, they try too hard with a lot of their other offerings like sauce and sides.  Barbecue is real Southern food, simple and properly prepared there is nothing like it.  Everything on their menu is over spiced and over done.
The barbecue beans were terrible.  One bite and I pushed them aside.  All you can taste is molasses.  Good cooking highlights ingredients in a subtle way.  These were revolting and just a sign of someone who can smoke some meat but can't cook or isn't a chef.  Similarly the greens were too spicy.  Just serve the greens properly and let people add some hot sauce.  These are ridiculous and it's not necessary given all of your sauces but one are spicy.  Not everything you serve has to be spicy.  Seriously.  Think about it.  I would skip the little fresh pepper garnish on these too.  Not everything needs a garnish by the way.  Everything I ordered came with a garnish.  The beans had some hard as rocks cracklins and the ribs came with scallions.  Maybe this is why it's so expensive.  
It's so irritating because they really know how to smoke meats.  It's a little more smoke than I like but it's very good.  The pulled pork was dry but the house sauce is good and the two together were really nice.  I wish the mustard sauce hadn't been so spicy because they go well.  By the way, barbecue isn't spicy.  Newsflash.  They don't make this sauce spicy in South Carolina.  
Just another New Orleans BBQ joint where they just can't help themselves and stay out of their own way.  A trip to the Texas hill country for real Dixie BBQ is in order.  You folks would get a lot out of it.Delicious!  Pulled pork, brisket, French fries, all fantastic.  And the Mac and cheese is amazing!  Friendly service and food came very quickly.I came here with my husband on Monday for our date night. Oh. My. God. The pork shoulder and brisket that I had were amazing, but I especially liked the sides that the owner recommended. We tried the grits and the black eyed peas and were blown away. The menu looked a little intimidating at first because there was so much to choose from, but I will definitely be back to try more of it. Also the assortment of sauces are to die for, but the meat was so good I could have enjoyed it even without the sauce.Smokehouse Burger was fantastic!!!!
Best hamburger I have ever had. The sweet heat pickles were delicious on it. 
We have been many times and always a great meal.This was a great meal for my Bday.  The owners took the time to introduce themselves to me and talk about the wide range of sauces.Fantastic BBQ and very hard working, nice owner. My friend and I ordered a 3 meat sampler (pulled pork, brisket, and sausage), comes with a side of coleslaw and a side of your choice. Also got the classic grits and griddles. All of that for $26.  Everything was great and we could have had leftovers if we didn't stuff ourselves.I dug it.  Food was good.  I had the pulled pork sandwich.  My only gripe is that I wished it came with fries as opposed to chips or a different side.  Everyone I was with enjoyed it too.  Oh, and the place smells divine.  Very smoky smelling, so expect your clothes to smell like that for the rest of the day.1st time here...friendly service. Digging into my grillades bowl with pulled pork, a couple passed my table and asked with hungry interest what I was eating! Nice big portion which will serve as another meal in the future. Those unfamiliar with NOLA cuisine: grillades is traditionally veal in red sauce over grits. This bowl contained grits, gumbo gravy, corn and okra. I added pulled pork shoulder which was a great addition. Nice blues background music. I shall return!Was craving barbecue recently, so decided to check out LA Smokehouse on my way home.  It's set back in a parking lot off of Earhart with a gym and several other buildings, so it can be difficult to see if you're just flying by.  There's a huge parking lot, but it was crowded, probably due to people going to the gym.  They definitely weren't stuffing their faces with BBQ as the restaurant was completely empty when I arrived and stayed that way.  The guy working the register was very helpful, as I hadn't been there before and asked several questions.  I ordered the three meat platter with mac & cheese and coleslaw as my sides.  I also got a side of house-made bread and butter pickles.  There are probably 8-10 sauce options to choose from, all with different sweet/heat/vinegary profiles.  My food came out fairly quickly and there was a lot of it.  The brisket has a good flavor, but seemed to have been sitting around sliced for a while as it was fairly dry.  The pulled pork was better, but I found the spicy sausage overly greasy.  The mac and cheese was awesome and I enjoyed the house pickles as well.First let me say the food at LA Smokehouse is very good. I've had dinner their several times and had a positive experience.  I appreciate that the owner's are  trying to get a business established in that area but my experience tonight has turned me off to this location. 
My meal was interrupted twice by roving bands of young children from the neighborhood strolling through the dining area and dropping something on my plate. The owner did remove them from the restaurant but allowed one of them to continue to use the soda machine.
As our group of six walked to our cars we were verbally assaulted by this same group of neighborhood children that were now just hanging out in the parking lot.  Frankly this was a little unnerving for our group.Really nice set up and the service was excellent. It did not knock my socks off though. Meat was flavorful but really dry. Sauces were good. I enjoyed the spicy one. They were out of the house version. The sausage had more of a hot dog flavor than a smoked sausage flavor. Best item was the Mac and cheese, it is very good and flavorful with a ton of real cheese. That is the best piece I had. Don't think I'll be back though, meat was a let down.The sauces at LA smokehouse were just as amazing as the service! Pretty decent prices for some amazing delicious meats. Very cute (and clean!) inside and they seem very convenient for take out.  Plus free cheese fries when you check in .
The only argument we had in our group was that the sides, Mac n cheese and the grits, were not overly spiced. One person wanted more spice, but the other 2/3rds of the group believed it made more room for the meats and sauces to shine. 
The potato salad and Mac and cheese were the winning sides. The pulled pork was the favored meat over the brisket. 
The sauces were A+!!! The mustard is amazing. 
Sean gave 4.5 stars
Aaron gave a big thumbs up
Karlie gave 5 starsEven though its name implies otherwise, La Smokehouse is really a bar-b-que joint and deli rolled up into one. You select your meat, type of sandwich and toppings.  We had the brisket traditional style on a bun with spicy slaw and sauce.  The brisket was tender and smoky, mixing well with the toppings, neither overpowering the other.  A side order of curly fries was in reality curly potato slices, crisply fried and well seasoned.
   The restaurant itself is clean and spacious, with a brick-wall and blues soundtrack coziness.  The service was excellent, friendly and involved without being overbearing.
   Overall, an excellent first visit.  Will be returning to try the pork and chicken!Food was yummy!!! Will definitely be back; had the brisket and mac and cheese.Everything is delish! Reasonably priced and great portion sizes. Will be returning soon!This is a place that needs Yelp to bring half Stars as part of their reviews because honestly this place does not deserve three stars but it's not bad enough to Warrant a 2-star. Went there with a friend on a very empty stomach so we both ended up trying all of their meats. Both of us got the three meat platter with two sides. I went with the mac and cheese and the baked beans as my size. My meats were ribs, chicken and sausage. I honestly wasn't impressed with any of my food but was surprised that mine tasted better than my friend's! She got coleslaw and grits with her  brisket, pulled pork and chicken. The pulled chicken was better than the pulled pork, but neither had much flavor. The ribs were too well done. Calling them dry would have been an understatement. Most of their sauces were vinegar based; there really wasn't one that stood out. And the portions weren't as big as some others in the city. So will be passing on this place unless one of those run of food.As big fans of BBQ, I had high expectations for LA Smokehouse after reading the reviews.  The place is very nice and clean and the owner was a super nice guy.  The pumpkin and fall decorations on the back bench seating ledge threw me though, since it is January.  Anyway, the food....brisket was good and had a nice smoky flavor, sausage was ok but dry (maybe it was over cooked since it was sliced into thin links), and the ribs were totally dry.  Overall, all meats were all overlooked for my liking.  There weren't any natural juices.  The potato salad, fried okra, and mac and cheese were very good as sides.  They offer many different types of sauces and you can taste test each to make sure you like them.Amazing amazing food and great customer service. We're from California and were looking for great BBQ and this place did not disappoint!Great place to eat next to the French Riviera. For me it looks like a Texas bbq but the name is delicatessen... we had a big plate to share and had delicious bridket, chicken and ribs. In the first room we can taste several sauces to go with the meat. The main room is not super big but is pretty neat and new. Our order came very quickly and the sides (mac and cheese and potato salad) were top!The slices brisket tasted more like slices turkey.
BUT- to counter that the pork shoulder was cooked to perfection.  The grits were loaded with cheese and are those tightly packed containers.
But the "we charge extra" for the beef rib that I decided to get was like a 12 oz. filet mignon on a bone . I mean if you've ever seen the Flintstones where they place the brontosaurus bone on the side of the car and the tray flips the car over.  That's exactly what the beef rib that they charge extra for is like.  Absolutely amazing.
Will definitely be back for more, if nothing else that beef rib was like heaven, if you take my advice (I would be flattered) try that beef rib!!!Outstanding, brisket was moist and perfect balance of smoke with nice bark, pork shoulder also outstanding. Don't miss the burnt ends blackeyed peas. 
Great service as well. 
Off the beatened path but well worth it.The space is really nice inside.  I like the exposed brick walls,  the wood flooring,  and lighting.  It's a more contemporary bbq joint vibe.  The first thing that caught my attention was that I didn't smell any smoke or bbq when I walked in.... that is the defining part of a bbq joint so seemed weird.  The guy at the counter  seemed rather blah about describing menu items and the paper menu featured items not actually available.  
Now to the food: we ordered two 2meat plates.  we got beef brisket,  beef ribs, pork spare ribs, and hot smoked sausage.  We got potato salad,  fries,  black eyes peas, and grits as sides.  The sides and the next just lacked flavor....I guess I'm a bbq snob and just expect a certain je ne se quoi... 
The various sauces also were unimpressive.  They were so viscous and not thick.  Seemed to lack dimension flavor wise.  
I just think there's a good intention but overall they came up short. And at about $15 a plate I just need a little more.Really delicious BBQ that isn't your run of the mill stuff. In addition to the usual meats, they have two kinds of boudin, bbq shrimp, big beef ribs, grit bowls and salads. Everything we tried was excellent and although they have at least half a dozen sauces to try, we found most of the meats really didn't need any at all. 
My wife and I got a two and three meat plate with the intention of getting five different things to share and try. We got the mild sausage, pork boudin, pork ribs, pulled pork, and brisket. We really liked everything, but our favorites were probably the brisket, boudin, and sausage, but everything was good. The sides of Mac and cheese and black eyed peas were also both really good. We will definitely be back!Even New Orleans has had a difficult time showcasing good Barbecue restaurants. And for one to be presented that is not a typical barbecue joint is a blessing on our City. LA SMOKEHOUSE on Earhart Blvd. just off So. Carrollton Ave. is the answer to some good barbecue and to some different ways of presenting good barbecue.
The restaurant is super clean and new. Good size eating area and the extra sauces are available for you to indulge your taste. Menus are on chalkboards held high and offer Soup, Salad, Chicken, and all the normal barbecue meats. One thing that stood out to me was a Po Boy Barbecue sandwich. My review will be limited to my order and I have to say I am well pleased.
The pork on the bread was smoky at an appropriate level and a bit crunchy without being overly salted and very flavorful. The meat was complemented  by red onions, a shredded Romaine lettuce and greens, along with tomatoes. The dark green lettuce goes well with the pork. The bread is not French to me but more like a roll but a very good and appropriate one for this combination. No real complaint here. 
Side order of Potato Salad was a most pleasant surprise. Similar to a German Potato Salad but served cold. Little eggs if any,  nice pieces of  red potatoes and the salad was at an enjoyable level of creaminess.  I am not one for lots of eggs, mayonnaise, or the lack of chunks of potatoes. So I was a happy eater with this selection as a side dish. 
Just on a whim I ordered a side of their Bread and Butter Pickles to go with my sandwich. The dish is a small container and is a Heavenly Marinated Pickle Mixture that contains the Pickles along with Onions, Cucumber, Bay Leaf, and Garlic.Let me advise you that this offering is so good the Chef needs to package it and sell by the quart. Have to go back and see if that is already on the menu in larger quantities. 
Not a fancy dancy place but very clean. Service is friendly but remember this is not a fast food place; thank God. Go with friends to talk or when not in a hurry and sit back and listen to some very nice music. Blues were being played while I was there. Parking is in an off street lot and was no problem. In the same area with a gym and that make create some parking problems at peak times for the gym. But the street can easily handle any overflow. 
The portion was more than enough for a big guy like me and lunch with tax was less than $10.00. My wallet was also happy with this place.
Only one visit but I am going to give a Four Star to LA Smokehouse. The food is different and the presentation of barbecue is very different. In addition the food is flavorful and made me smile. Side offerings stood out to me. The fact that the two sides I ordered will have me going back just for those and the main reason for going to this place is worth the effort also. And they are playing good music while you wait for your order or you dine in house.I had the craving for some BBQ and BBQ joints uptown are hard to come by I think I found a new one though. I had the spare ribs & baby back w mac & cheese (2 meats & side) & it was tasty & filling (Quantity & Quality). I also dabbled w some of the sauces available. Everything was a winner! I shall return. The mac & cheese had corn in it which was a 1st for me but it just added to its greatness.The pulled pork sandwich was really super and the black eyed peas are beyond good.  You will be happy you came here.I typically don't leave bad reviews, but this place warrants one. The food was mediocre. Really no flavor to the ribs at all. When selecting sides, for the coleslaw you had to choose between wet and dry. Not sure if they mistakenly sent the dry instead of wet, or if that was their interpretation of the term wet. It was not. The Mac & cheese, that was funny and there was a clump of cheese in the container. Not blended at all. Thankfully, I didn't eat much of any of it because I was awakened this morning by an unhappy belly. Had I consumed more, I would probably be much worse. Needless to say, I will never order from there again. 
I hate even giving one star, but obviously can't leave a review if I don't.Very very yummy!!! Grits with brisket and BBQ sauce was my favorite. The Caesar salad was excellent with a kicked up dressing. Only complaint is that the BBQ sauces are located in the front part of restaurant. Good use another station in dining part for sauces.We ordered this from Uber eats for a late Thursday dinner. I got the pulled chicken and pork boudin with potato salad and my girlfriend got pulled chicken and baked beans.
The pulled chicken was pretty good with the sauce that it came with. The boudin was really good as well. The sides were a little bit less pleasing though. The beans were pretty good but definitely had a distinct taste.. if you are expecting regular baked beans .. you'll be disappointed , we weren't so we were pleased. The potato salad was just a traditional potato salad .. 
The additional side of cornbread was a little dry but had solid flavor. 
We would definitely go back but I wouldn't rate this as the top bbq place in New Orleans !Alright, so it would seem that New Orleans is awash in Smokehouses which come and go through the years.
Each lending to the scene their own unique vision of "Hog Heaven".
LA Smokehouse has it right.
Great food, Friendly Service, Central Location, and need I say it, smoked meat perfection.
Such sublime pulled pork. 
When coupled with the Maque Choux Mac and Cheese, an almost transcendent culinary experience.
And although they speak of the slaw as an almost afterthought, this is not to be discounted. Also incredibly good, delicate side, suites the dish perfectly.I ordered lunch from here last week via ubereats and was not disappointed.  I had the pulled chicken plate with maque choux mac and cheese and fried okra.  The fried okra was well cooked and had good flavor, and the mac and cheese was damn good.  Just what you'd expect from a maque choux perspective.  The chicken was very tasty.  Still juicy, well cooked, and smokey.  The two sauces I got were the only disappointment.  They just weren't my cup of tea.  But the chicken was good enough by itself that I didn't terribly mind.Let me start off by saying that my ultimate favorite BBQ place in New Orleans was NOLA Smokehouse. And in honor of that owner, of a business now shut down, I cannot give this place 5 stars. Although I would very much like to. I'd give it 4 1/2 if I could, but I can't. So unfortunately I have to round down. 
Walking into LA Smokehouse, the guy behind the counter asked me if I was a first-timer or if I've been there before. He was very helpful about the menu and the options available. Turns out, he's actually the owner and his name is Daniel! Super friendly guy. I like when owners are front and center, proud of their business. 
We ended up ordering the 3 meat platter, with brisket, rib, and pulled pork. The portions are enough for a couple or one hungry guy. Lol. It's not a gigantic all meats platter that you see at Mcclureys or other BBQ joints, but it's more than enough. We got the Mac n cheese side (which is different because it has corn). We got a small portion of potato salad. I also got Texas toast because I love bread with the pulled pork. I asked the owner if they had burnt ends, unfortunately they do not. He puts it in the black eyed peas. Although I didn't want to purchase it, he brought it to the table for me to try! Again, very nice guy. We got the cheese fries as a check in order. I liked the fries but I didn't care for the cheese on the top. I don't feel like it worked- I would have rathered a cheese sauce instead of a thick layer of cheese laying on top of the fries. All in all, the entire amount of food with drinks was only $26! I cannot complain. 
The decor is very cute and modern. I love seeing a brick wall interior. It's a open kitchen concept. And the bathrooms are clean. 
Overall, I loved the service, I loved the environment, parking wasn't terrible, and the food was good. I'd come back again.Awesomeness this is the BBQ the best we have found here. It's family run, but done the right way! Kudos!Have been to the newly opened establishment twice already with my husband and we are BLOWN AWAY. Dont let the humble setting and off-the-main location fool you - this place would have people lined up around the block in the French quarter!
The owners and staff are exceptionally warm, welcoming and genuine. I believe one of the owners has a five-star chefing background hence the level of food here.
We are originally from Texas and can be barbecue "snobs." The preparation of the meats here is among the best we have ever had. The variety of sauces are delightful and the flesh is fall-off-the-bone tender. 
The setting feels like a down home BBQ joint, very family friendly and also hip. Even the music selection is top notch! 
Sides are luscious especially the mac & cheese. Great variety on menu from sandwiches, poboys, salads, bbq plates. Cannot say enough nice things. Hope this place succeeds wildly.