Some of the best food I've ever had. Great service. We all had different items off the menu and everything was delicious. 
The crab cakes, redfish, sea bass did not disappoint. 
I would come back here again. Prices fit the quality of the food.I have some mixed feels about the place. First of all a word of warning, its not a cheap place to eat as I have found many Thai places to be and its not so traditional Thai either. The food has a great NOLA almost Creole influence on the menu and that was good. I has the redfish stuffed with seafood and it was terrific, but it was like $35.00 and the drinks, well, call me cheap but $14 cocktails in a Thai place is top of the mark for me. The service was very good and the place was packed, I strongly suggest you call ahead or make reservations (we did and got seated right away). I was a good dining experience but very NOLA/Thai-is that a new food sub-culture?I love, or usually love, their food. However, the last two times it didn't seem up to par. One of my favorite, usually very flavorful, meals was unremarkable. The shu-mai had little flavor and the duck in the duck delight wasn't that amazing combination of crispy on the outside, juicy and tender on the inside, like I've had in the past. The time before that I got the Masaman curry . The sweet potatoes lacked both flavor and a good texture. The curry wasn't as strong as in the past.
However, the things that I do not generally like in this place were the same: the dining room was loud, it was cold, and the staff seemed overworked. 
On the upside, the company was good, we didn't wait too long for our food, the bathrooms were clean, and I didn't have to see the bill!Probably the worst pad Thai I've ever had. Dry, mealy, bland, and oddly red. reminiscent of ketchup over microwaved noodles. No mung bean sprouts or zip at all. So disappointed, as I'd been excited to find a Thai place I hadn't tried yet in my neighborhood. Might give it another shot and try a curry some other time, but for now I actually have a stomach ache from how truly bad my takeout was. Boo.I've eaten at La Thai at least 4 times in the past 6 months. Each time was a very memorable experience, so I'm left scratching my head at so many bad reviews. And as you can tell from my other reviews, the small details do not escape me. The only thing I can think of is people must just be assuming that all thai restaurants should always be authentic. Well, that's like expecting all artists to paint like Norman Rockwell. If you want authentic thai, it's a good idea to call ahead of time and ask what type of thai they serve. 
Of the 4 times I have eaten there, 3 of those times the chef came out and personally greeted us and made sure we were happy. She also unexpectedly sent out free concoctions she made up just for the hell of it. And each time these little food gifts were AMAZING. So good in fact I had wished there was an entree just like them. And no, this is far from being authentic thai, but it never claims to be either. The food is incredible....period.
The service was fantastic. In fact, the last time we went I remember making a comment about how seriously the beverage guy was taking his job. If he saw one inch of iced tea gone, he was at our table refilling faster than lightening. 
So by now you're probably wondering why I'm not giving them 5 stars if they're so great. Well, aside from the high prices, the real reason is because when you order a Mai Tai at this place..................(you're not going to believe this!)............there's no little umbrella in your drink! What the hell is a Mai Tai if you don't get the little umbrella in your drink? If I order a Mai Tai I expect a little umbrella in my drink.....otherwise it's just Hawaiian Punch with some rum thrown in it. So for now, we bring our own umbrellas, which just isn't the same. It's like having to bake your own birthday cake. It's just sad.I eat here often and I really like this place.  My favorite thing is the hot & sour soup and it always puts me in a good mood to eat that awesome stuff.  They usually have a $5 appetizer special on Tuesday nights that brings in a fun crowd.  They have some very tasty options on the menu and some unique "cajun Thai" fusion dishes that work well.  The owners and staff have always been very helpful and want you to enjoy your food.How lucky am I that I had a work conference in New Orleans!.  This is one the two spots that I came back to visit (once I find a good place I stick with it).  Initially I planned a small dinner with 6 co-workers, then word got out and it ballooned to 18.
I was hear 2 years ago and apparently they recently remodeled (I thought it looked good before) but they were so accommodating to our large group, and even reserving a nearby table in case we had any stragglers that would come late.  Diane was so nice and came up and introduced herself when we first came in and periodically checked on us.  The group loved the food -- so glad I was able to share this little gem with them.With both our meals borderline mediocre, I'm not thoroughly impressed by La Thai's take on Thai-American dishes. Their  vegetarian glass noodles were bland and lacked sustenance.  We opted to not finish our meals and instead treat ourselves to ice-cream next door.La Thai is a postmodern ethnic restaurant that takes a little more care with the ambiance (contemporary American bistro meets mild Asian tones) and infusing a bit more bonhomie' to the often terse atmosphere of many spots where English is not a first language. The chef-owners Diana & Merlin Chauvin are warm and welcoming, and the staff look more like it belongs in a slick operation like Houston's than a local Thai joint.
                  As is often the case with the aforementioned contemporary American bistros, the starters often outshine the main courses; for example, the Summer rolls may take my 2nd place award (after Cafe Minh's) for my faves in town, and the crispy calamari is  a perfectly fried treat.
                  Among the entrees, seafood really shines as the Chauvins take advantage of their bountiful terroir in such standouts as crab three ways, which fulfills your USDA monthly crab requirement, delivering both crab cakes and soft shell crab, topped with (you guessed it), lump crab meat. The sea scallops are always delicious, fresh, sweet, and perfectly seared.
                   La Thai (like just about everybody these days) makes a big deal of their cocktails, but most of them seem hackneyed and overwrought. Desserts are fine, but if mango is in season, the only dessert I want at a Thai restaurant is mango with sticky rice...and I'll pass up ice cream at Creole Creamery down the street if I can get it.i am quiet a fan of thai food.. and the portions as well.. 
the food taste was about average.. not a big fan of the pad thai..Went there for lunch and just wanted some bubble Thai tea and spring rolls. It definitely had that old mop bucket water smell that restaurants get. The waitress gave me a little attitude that bubble tea is Vietnamese so of course they didn't have it. But after that it changed...tea and rolls were good and the waitress warmed up.Best Thai in nola!  Delicious, affordable, elegance.  This is where we bring all of our out of town guests.  It is seriously one of my favorite resturaunts in town!  Very nice area & you are almost garunteed to be personally greeted by the chef while you are there, which we find rare these days and impressive!Sigh. You know how I said that last time "medium" was the perfect heat for the green curry? Well, tonight "medium" was sooooo not spicy. So now I have to be super particular and say, "I'd like the green curry to be spicy. I want my nose to run, but I don't want my mouth to burn." You think that'll work?
That being said I cannot wait to come back for dinner because I discovered the seafood green curry. Not only does it have shrimp, but they throw in a soft-shell crab and crawfish. Not sure how the oilspill will affect the menu but for now this is a bountiful display of crustaceans. I can't wait to try it when they perfect my level of heat. 
In other news, my stepmom thought the joint was noisy. But, I warned her that it was the night of Tulane's graduation, and that some of the parents had been drinking since 9am.This review is about BUGS!
I had an hour to kill so went to La Thai for lunch.  I generally like this place and we have been loyal customers of their family's restaurants for years (man I miss Bangkok Cuisine underneath Rock 'N' Bowl).
I ordered the Tom Kar Gai.  I always thought it was Tom Kha Gai and was corrected "Kar" by the blond hostess/waitress (more on her later...)  The soup was pretty good.
Instead of the Duck Delight (not as good as Bangkok Cuisine's of my memory but still good) I decided to try something new and get the Seafood Glass Noodle Salad.  I saw that it has cilantro in it (worst thing ever) so I asked if it could be made without.  The waitress said yes.  When it arrived it didn't have visible cilantro but it tasted like the entire sauce was made with cilantro.  It is a good thing that I just hate cilantro and am not allergic....
Now to the really bad part.  I noticed while I was eating the soup that there were a ton of BUGS around me and my table.  At first I thought they were mosquitos but I think they were some sort of fruit fly or gnat.  I'm not talking about one flying BUG, but more like 20 to 30.  They really liked me.  On my ears, nose face and food.
An Asian lady (not my waitress maybe an owner?) sees me swatting and asks if I've dropped something.  I told her no, that I have FLYING BUGS all over me and my food.  She says nothing.
A few minutes later when eating the Glass Noodle Salad, I swat at another BUG and accidentally knock my entire ice water into my lap, right in front of my waitress.  Waitress, comes over and I explain that I was trying to swat the BUGS away.  She says she'll bring napkins....
As I'm finishing, I make mention of the BUGS again and show her the one that has just landed on my food.   I say I guess I'll take this to go.  She swats another BUG away from me and takes my food to the back.
As she brings me my check and to-go, I mention the BUGS again, just to see if I get a response.  She says very flippantly, and I quote "We've been trying to get rid of those for months."
I am now freezing cold because I have ice water all over my lap and I have some to-go BUG salad and a swarm around me like Pig Pen.
No apology or offering of anything to compensate a terrible meal and experience.
UNACCEPTABLEI love this place! Everything is good and the owner and waiters are all amazing! It's great for big groups. They are very accommodating. If you get the drunken noodle try substituting with glass noddles.Panang Curry with Chicken was great. Spicy Basil Fried Rice with Chicken was not spicy in the least, which takes the fun out of it. Hot and Sour Soup - why does H&S soup taste like bbq in New Orleans? Stuffed Chicken Wings tasted like they were cooked way earlier in the day. 4 stars because they're usually awesome.The last time I went to La Thai it was on Metairie Road and probably over 5 years ago. I went there last weekend to their uptown location and I was SO impressed - it was such a great vibe and had awesome atmosphere. The food was fantastic! We got several dishes and all were delicious!I visited this restaurant with a co-worker for lunch. The red curry dish was out of sight. Depth of flavor. Spicy but not intolerable. Simply delicious.
A few months later when a relative was in town I decided to take her to La Thai. She is a reluctant Thai food convert but the jumbo shrimp and oysters in a such a succulent sauce forever changed her. Needless to say we were both enjoyed the food. 
Curry dishes are fantastic. Ask your server to adjust the heat according to preference. Lunch menu deals cannot be beat. I will be back.I liked the atmosphere a lot. The martinis were wonderful. I loved loved the glass noodles. I will definitely return! Great drinks, good food...I'm there!Had to use my Groupon before it expired so I visited La Thai with some friends last week.
Definitely not traditional Thai, but knew that going in (thanks to y'all's reviews).
We ordered the mussels to start the meal off and for the main dishes, I asked our server for recommendations. I was very specific and asked for La Thai's specialties, and I was surprised that the first thing she said was Paht Thai. My friend M wanted to try it so we ordered the Paht Thai, a half order of Merlin's Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes, and a half order of Panang Curry with chicken.
We waited for a while, and our main dishes came out. No sight of the mussels. I had to ask our server for them. She did ask if I still wanted them, but I don't remember if there was an apology. I know things like this happen, but honestly they weren't busy enough for this kind of mistakes.
The crab cakes were delicious, probably the best thing we had that night. The curry was alright, and I wasn't a fan of the Paht Thai. I've had much better versions. It tasted like there was too much tomato--almost as if the noodle dish was prepared with ketchup. The mussels were very good and the fries that came with them deliciously crispy.
When the time came for us to get the bill, we received the wrong bill, with 4-5 extra items that we did not order. This was corrected when pointed out, but again, really? And no one being like, "we're really sorry about that."
I feel like the prices at this spot are high enough for there to be good customer service, so I was more than a little disappointed with the service. Probably won't be returning anytime soon.Food is good, but what is that smell when you walk in the front door? Smells like a combo of B.O. and toxic cleaning supplies...Nice ambiance and good food presentation for dinner date.   Green curry was delicious and I would order it again - good level of heat too.  Pad Thai was quite large but way way too much tamarind (or something vinegary, maybe fish sauce?) for my liking.  I always try Pad Thai when going to a Thai restaurant for the first time and I have to say this was one of my least favorites ever.Never been here before, had to use my Groupon, etc. Not too exciting, but we were happy with it.
We had Paht Thai, Chicken Stirfry, and crispy spring rolls. 
Took our order quickly, Waiter chatted with us and took me up on my challenge of extra spicy and brought out a couple of extra sauces with the spring rolls. Set me on fire. For days.
Paht Thai was good, huge portion. Not sure if they gave me someone else's order, but mine had all chicken and no shrimp. I was fine with it, it was as if they could read my mind and knew which way I would prefer it, anyway. 
Girlfriend liked her stirfry, which was chicken in garlic sauce. Not spicy enough for me. 
Great service for me on refilling my water, but my girlfriend had to ask for more tea. 
For a Friday night, we were in and out in an hour.First off, the sea bass was excellent, as was the green curry sauce. 
Parking is a real problem. There are a number of restaurants in that area, including Creole Creamery, with no dedicated parking. 
Not sure I'll go back as the staff needs to grow up a little. When I told the waiter my menu was missing pages, he jumped in to show me that I had just overlooked them, before conceding it was the menu with missing pages. Why are they circulating a menu with the entrees missing?
Later, a waitress swooped in and grabbed a quarter glass of wine without asking. When I called it to her attention, she told me it was empty. 
Lastly, for the topper, when I was paying , I used a Groupon. The waitress returned our bill and thanked us for coming. When I asked to get my phone back, another waitress showed up, snarking that she had my phone and it was in good hands. 
I run a consulting business. I don't need to be treated like a drooling derelict, particularly at these prices. If the staff has some esteem issues -- not my problem.Excellent, excellent, excellent everything from summer rolls, Tom yum soup to our entree Chilean sea bass!!!La Thai was recommended by a colleague while I was on a business trip. I was staying in the French Quarter so I decided to take the St Charles Trolley after work for the New Orleans experience - upon walking in, the restaurant was modern and decorated nicely. 
Service: I sat at the bar and waited a little bit to be greeted. I was the only one at the bar so I was a bit confused as to why service was so slow. The male bartender was standoffish and was not very personable. As a former bartender for 3+ years, I was disappointed in the service here (which is solely the only reason I'm giving this place a 3 vs a 4). 
Food: the crab three ways entree was absolutely delicious! The bowl has 1) a crab cake 2) fried soft shelled crab 3) jumbo lump crab meet on top with a sweet chili sauce drizzled on top and veggies surrounding the bowlWe love love love La Thai!  Their food is awesome and the remodel looks terrific.  The staff couldn't be nicer.  1 million stars!!!Everything was delicious. As always! Can't go wrong with the fried calamari. And that sauce! And the sea bass is perfect. The flavors are just right. It's light and delicious. LOVE! I will be back again soon!Had La Thai last night for the third time over several years, and it was probably the first time that I truly relished my meal.  I ordered the red curry with shrimp and was really pleased.
I live in the neighborhood so I have really wanted to like La Thai, but even after a really tasty meal there yesterday, I'm still not a convert.  The interior feels like it's trying to be a swanky Miami restaurant, which I find disconcerting on Prytania.  The waiter was really nice, but since I'm trending 2:3 odds* of being disappointed, I doubt that I will return.  I also sort of feel mildly overcharged each time I go there - not enough to say that the pricing is way off base, but just enough to feel like I didn't get a good value for the money.
*My husband, who has enjoyed our past meals there more than I have, points out that the trend may be statistically inaccurate.  I guess that's what Yelp is for.Be careful... My card was overcharged (split the check between two people and my friend covered the full tip on her card, but I was charged for the tip as well....) 
Service has gone downhill in recent years. Previously one of my favorite spots, but now slow, inattentive service and inconsistent food means I'm looking for another go-to thai restaurant.Their cocktails were good, and served as replacement for not having wine on the menu.  The seafood curry was delicious and was topped with a huge fried soft-shell crab (which I didn't expect, but welcomed).  It was a pricier meal, but mostly because we ordered a few drinks.if i could give them zero star, i would. they have really bad credential reputation. my friend and i split the check into $23.42 and i gave them $3.5 tips. HOWEVER all of our bank records say each of us spent 62 dollars at this restaurantNot very authentic Thai and the dining area smells more like cleaning chemicals than food. Decent drink deals for happy hour and yummy potstickers, but avoid the hot and sour soup...tastes like sloppy joes!This place is alright. I had the Drunken Noodles which is a personal favorite Thai dish that I will usually get at Thai restaurants to judge their caliber. It was good but not as spicy as I would have liked. That particular dish is usually very spicy and covered in a spicy sauce but La Thai's version had very little sauce and was not spicy.  However, the flat rice noodles were good and the vegetables were very fresh. Got it To-Go so maybe I would enjoy the dining-in experience more. Still need to try their curry to really pass the test. I hope that it will be spicier. Until next time.So good! The food was delightful. The cocktails were perfectly mixed. The staff was quick and helpful. Cozy atmosphere.Love this place. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Great choices on the menu and theyee able to accommodate people who need substitutions without a problem. The cocktails Are awesome as well. Definitely will return. The ambiance is gorgeous and relaxing.Just going to put it out there early that this is my favorite Thai in the city. I first had one of their dishes at Tales of the Toddy and I was like whoa. It wasn't all the Toddy(s) I drank talking either. I finally got around to making it in the brick and mortar spot though. LOVE the decor. It was lunch time and there weren't many people so we were allowed to choose our seating. Now it did take some time for our food to come out. We had soups and entrees. It tasted amazing.This place is an exceptional Thai place.  Drunken Noodles to Crab 3 ways, if you like Thai then you will love this place.  The atmosphere is amazing also.Friends and I tried La Thai Uptown for lunch.  The place was beautiful, clean, serene and quiet.   Just a great atmosphere.  The staff was prompt and professional.  The menu is not overwhelming and I like that in a restaurant.  For an appetizer we ordered the eggplant.medallions with spinach and shrimp.  Very tasty and I highly recommend them.    Then I had the Tom Kar Gai soup.  Very mild with coconut  and mushrooms.  Again very tasty and mild.  Finally we all shared Pad Thai and Spring rolls.  Everything was very tasty and professionally plated.This was a place we found by accident while looking for late night eats. 
We showed up when there was a private party, some kind of reception maybe, anyway, we were the only customers there who were not with the party. Even the late night menu had great options, all convertible to vegetarian (add tofu) so we tried the drunken noodles, my first time, and it was excellent. 
After that we were back for more every couple of weeks, each time trying a different dish, all excellent. 
The service is great, there's just tons of waiters standing around waiting to help out, whether they're busy or not and we never waited to sit or get refills on water and the food came out of the kitchen soon after we ordered. 
I recommend this place to anyone going to NOLA partly because it's neutral on class, not too fancy (approachable) and they have a bar. win win.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  Lots of options for vegetarians and generally high quality, tasty Thai food that is somehow a little different from other Thai places.  Most of the dishes are more flavorful than hot, though you can get things spicy.  The drunken noodles are perfectly cooked and packed with vegetables and the basil fried rice puts standard "fried rice" to shame.  I also like the Thai Coon entree which features perfectly cooked eggplant.  I appreciate that you get a lot of food for your money here.  It's not cheap but  IS a good value.  And my dog loves them because when we've eaten at one of the (very few) outdoor tables they brought him a big bowl of water on a hot day.LOVE LaThai!  The Tom Yum and Tom Kar Gai soup are both the best I've had in the city.  The crab cake is soooooo amazing, chock-full of crab and served with the most deliciously crisp veggies.  The Drunken noodles are some of the best I've had outside of San Fransisco, and the panko-crusted redfish is always good.  They also have the best Tuna salad (in my opinion of course) and wonderfully original thai fusion cocktails served out of a beautiful bar.   
Another thing to keep in mind is that they do private parties in this large back room (very pretty decor, too I might add) hosted and planned through a girl named Wendy.  She is super professional, helpful, and very sweet and always makes sure her guests are happy and very well taken care of.   Plus, they don't charge for the room, only a price per head depending on what you'd like to eat and drink, so it's cost effective all things considered.  Definitely my favorite place for private events like that, and Wendy is just awesome.
LaThai has a great waitstaff that delivers great service, and the family-run environment keeps us going back.  Gotta love Diana, Mama, and Chef Merlin!The best Thai restaurant in Nola. The Staff and the food is wonderful. The curry dishes are the best. The Sea bass is absolutely amazing.As always, the food never disappoints. The atmosphere is swanky and they really care about the food! Presentation is beautiful and I have yet to try something that I really didn't care for with the exception of a frozen tasting Red Velvet cake that I had a few nights ago (don't let that talk you out of it, try it yourself.  Maybe I got a bad piece). The Chilean Sea Bass is so good I could slap Chef Merlin (he's the well known chef at La Thai that is very friendly and personal), and the combination Pad Thai will spoil your taste buds - you won't be ordering that from anywhere else again. You absolutely can't go wrong with any of their curries (seafood is the best in my opinion) or any of their amazing specialty drinks! I suggest trying the Hendrick's Cube made with Hendrick's Gin, mint leaves, Elderflower extract, simple syrup and soda water? I'm not sure of all the ingredients but it's one of my favorite summer drinks in the city! It's not a tyical place tourists would go because it's not cliché New Orleans food, but remember... New Orleans' food culture is always about trying new things and broadening your taste buds! Don't miss out!Never had a bad experience here. The panko fried oysters over artichoke relish is a winner. Service is very knowledgeable and customer oriented. I have ordered a different entree on every visit, and I have never been disappointed. Great fusion of Thai with a local twist.I really enjoy the bar setting as well as take out. My fav is the red curry chicken. If you want to catch a sports game the bar has a good flat screen. Lindsey the bar tender is super sweet and gave great customer service.What a shame.
Lunch started fine: we both admired the decor and how quickly our food got to the table. My peppermint chicken was excellent, and my wife's pad woon sen was pretty good. Portion size was enough for leftovers. After that, the whole meal switched gears.
Our waitress completely ignored us, even when we were clearly done eating. All she ended up doing was writing down our order and taking the check at the end: nothing else. We had to wave her down to get dessert.
When we got the dessert (coconut sticky rice and fried banana), both dishes were so plain that we regretted not going to Creole Creamery next door.
The only way I would recommend this place is if you drop in for lunch, grab an $11 entree, maybe have one of their specialty cocktails, and leave it at that.I will preface by saying I am a picky person and do not know what "real" Thai food should taste like. However, I love La Thai! They have so many options, especially for a person like me who doesn't like spicy food. I always order the spring rolls as an appetizer, and my favorites are cashew chicken, beef and broccoli, and the Chinese fried rice with chicken and shrimp. The service is always very good, too. They also allow plenty of substitutions; for example, when I get the fried rice, they let me choose what veggies I'd like in it. They are a little on the pricey side, but you get huge portions for the entrees.
Tip: they have deals on Groupon a lot, so check before you go!I love the modern decor in this place; there's always something interesting to look at and appreciate while you're waiting for your food to come. The giant wall divider in the middle of the room is my personal favorite.  The owners have created a very chic atmosphere that's approachable but upscale. I often cringe at paying more for Asian food since I know it costs nothing to make, but La Thai does a great job balancing price, with quality of food and service and a nice atmosphere. 
Even though this is my go-to place for Thai, I knocked off a star for not offering papaya salad and larb, which I believe are essential prerequisites for any Thai establishment.Re-opened after a gorgeous facelift.   The place is absolutely stunning thanks to designer Curtis Herring. The food and drinks are absolutely the best Thai in the city. It's a definite must see. Try the Thai BBQ shrimp in the new Not Noi lounge. Amazing!!!!!If I had to eat my last pad Thai meal here I'd be very ok with that. It has just the right amount of kick to it and it is delicious. I haven't tried a bad meal here yet. 
Atmosphere is set for the perfect date night. Great lighting so you won't scare your date. It's also very charming for large groups, however the reason for the 4 and not 5 stars is due to them not splitting checks. Say whaaa?!? Yep they sure don't.
Parking isn't horrible either, but you will most likely have to find street parking if there isn't any in the back of the bank. Definitely do not park in the drug store parking lot because you will be towed!The decor inside is beautiful, in great spot of town.  Perfect for a date night.  Chilean Sea Bass was amazing.  Ahi Tuna was good, very light.  Stuffed chicken wings were more of a novelty but the peanut sauce was good.  Going to try a different appetizer next time.  Great service, overall very good.Haven't been to this place in years so a few of us decided to go on our lunch break this week. I really like their trendy decor. They offer a few lunch specials daily. Service was a bit slow for the lunch hour...most places try to get you in and out. The coconut shrimp appetizer was pretty tasty. I ordered the pad thai..comes with shrimp and chicken. I will say it had good flavor but was a bit dry overall. Worth trying..if u have more than an hour for lunch.One of the few GREAT Thai places we have in the city.   I had the Drunken Noodles, which was spicy and De-lish.  My partner in crime had the Beef Pad Thai, another excellent dish.   The service was excellent and the setting is Uptown Chic.   I will definitely be back!The best pad veggie Thai ever tbh. They asked if it was alright if the dish had eggs and it was but it's comforting to know that they acknowledge people out there with dietary restrictions/preferences. Also the Thai tea was just great, not to strong like some other Thai places. Though the spring rolls weren't the best, it's a Thai restaurant. i wouldn't expect that to be their specialty.I was in search of Thai food upon my return to New Orleans and I found La Thai. Recommend by a co-worker turned out to be a great dinning experience. Went for my birthday and the service was amazing. La Thai was very accommodating of my large party. I had the Crabcakes and asparagus and they were absolutely amazing. Will defiantly be a faithful customer.Amazing experience! My server made sure that all of our needs were met. My glass of tea was never empty and all dropped spoons of my 1 year old wee replaced immediately. The dinner she recommended was delicious, and the portion was large enough for 2.I eat a lot of Thai food, in fact I was basically raised on it as it was the dining out option of choice for my family many times. La Thai is good, but its not my favorite Thai place. I find they have European influences in their Thai recipes so the flavors are not as bold. It's like watered down Thai food. That being said, its still good food, just not what I have been accustomed to. The coconut soup is probably my favorite thing on the menu. The curry entrees are good. I would skip on the pad thai. 
The atmosphere of the restaurant is great and I can see why people like to come here. It has awesome design elements, but the prices are very modest. 
The biggest downfall of La Thai is that they do not split checks for large tables. They have a modern POS system so not sure why they refuse split checks. I would rather them add a 25% gratuity and them split the check.Positive:  Wonderful food and great friendly service
Negative:  Slightly overpriced, and tables way to close together.
The food was great!   Will definately come back again to try some of their other dishes.  Only real downside I saw that the tables were really close together so the person behind me kept bumping my chair.
Cant wait to come back.Yummiest fruit mojitos! Love the decor and ambience. The Phat Thai is great. The coconut shrimp appetizer is also great!Love eating here. Getting the Crispy oysters which is one of my favorites. Having lunch with my two grandchildren and daughter. #familytime.
Never had a bad experience here thus far.Don't come here if you're in search of authentic Thai food. That's not what you'll find. 
Do come if you want to sit in an upscale, bridal shower-esque decorated (that's what it oddly reminded me of) but conveniently located mediocre food.Love this spot!  The decor is adorable and the owners are super personable and make it a fun dining experience.  The food is pretty good but can sometimes go too spicey.  I'm a fan of Thai and La Thai Uptown is definitely somewhere I think of when I'm in the mood for Thai food.Okay, here's my dilemma with this place. The first time I went, my friend and I got the typical Thai food - pad thai and something similar to the drunken noodle. It wasn't great, especially for the price. However, I notice that Tom Fitzmorris gave this place the best review and one of my co-workers who's friends with Tom also said the same thing and so I came back to get the crab cake. I think it was the best I've had, second to the one I had at Atlanta Seafood Company over 5 years ago. I'm just frustrated that they don't have better thai food, considering that's what they advertise their restaurant to be. Hence, the three stars.Outside might fool you because it surely did for me but La Thai is the most fancy Thai restaurant I have ever been in New Orleans. They just have a very classy and great vibe going around in that joint. 
Greeting from the hostess as soon as walked in and we got seated as soon as walked in. We went on Friday night and there were good deal of people enjoying their night. They have got an amazing full size bar by the entrance. There are sofa areas, big tables and small table area so whether you are having a chill date night or having a full blown gathering with your friends, they absolutely can accommodate your need.
The service was excellent from both the bar and kitchen. Waiters were very attending and made sure everything was great.
The only reason i took a star off was due to Food itself in comparison to its price. By no mean am I saying that the food was bad but I have had better pad thai in other joints. It was somewhat sweeter than most of the pad thai I have ever tried. I little bit on dry side too. For 14 $ dish, I prefer Sukhothai one over this one. My company had a drunken noodle but he said he enjoyed it a lot and It did look better than mind as well.
Definitely would recommend to give it a shot because it is not a bad place at all!i only ever get the pad thai and i always get it to go...but it is damn good.  Unlike most places, here i actually have to order it really spicy to get it hot enough...The gentleman that waited on me proceeded to stalk me on LinkedIn, but I suppose that is beside the point...
Ooooh la la this restaurant is pretty! And a total scene! Showing up on a Thursday night and seeing the rest of the clientele dressed to the nines, klinking martini glasses made me wish I had put a little more effort into my appearance.  Oh well, I know I'm probably not cool enough to hang out with any of those people ;)
I was a little miffed by the prices.  When you're paying this much for dinner, you expect it to be pretty outstanding and La Thai fell a little short.  My coconut soup was cold.  The regular pad Thai did not come with any veggies so it was very noodle heavy and bland.  However, one of my dining companions ordered the veggie pad Thai and the extra veggies made for a pretty delicious dish. I would recommend keeping that in mind when ordering.  The spring rolls were a tasty starter.  
I can't say this place is great value, but its a fun spot; the kinda place to get dressed up and go with a bunch of friends before a night on the town.  We received great service and met the chef who let us puppy-sit his dachshund while we dined outside.  I would definitely go back and like to try some of the other dishes....there's a great selection!I'm really surprised by the low ratings for this restaurant.  I really like this place.  My wife and I go probably every other week.  Maybe things have improved over time.  We have been going for the last six months or so.
Granted we are not Thai food connoisseurs, but we do know good food.  We always start with the vegetable spring rolls.  They are served hot and crispy with a great sweet chili dipping sauce.  My wife likes the Paht Thai.  Generous portion and FRESH ingredients.  Great  flavoring.  Good amount of chicken and shrimp.  I love the "Mama's Stuffed Chicken Wings".  They are deboned and stuffed with a shrimp/pork/noodle staffing and served with a peanut sauce.  I typically get the Duck Delight, which is crispy duck pieces and shrimp in a spicy sauce.
I've always found the service to be good and attentive.  We almost always see the owner and her son there.  The draft beer is nice and cold.  The take out is also easy and convenient.great service, great food. there was 10 in our group, with some people who are hard to please (ahem, me). nobody complained about their food. the soft shell crab was crispy and i could taste crab, not the just the batter. the food was not at all greasy like a lot of thai places. everything we got tasted fresh & yummy.I had a very nice lunch here last Saturday but, for reasons unrelated to food, service, or anything to do with the restaurant, I might not be back, but more on that later. 
First, I'll tell you about lunch. I had the drunken noodles, which came with chicken and shrimp and were $11. The portion was substantial and delicious. 
The location was very nice, if a bit far from my usual haunts. It is right around the corner from Crepe Nanou, which might be fun to try one day. It was nice and upscale-looking inside and the service was good. 
Since my only small complaints are not enough ice in the ice water (I am big ice fanatic and the refills didn't have any ice in them) and that it is slightly more on the pricey, chi-chi side for Asian, you may wonder why I am a bit ashamed to go back, Well, I was having lunch with a friend who , long story had a few pieces of clothing she wanted to give back to me. One of these was a bra, which was under the two other items. I accidentally left the bra on the table when we left and the waitress called after us to say we left "something" on the table. LOL!I can't hate La Thai.  It's pretty and the folks are nice and everything looks so appetizing.  And about half the time, it is tasty, too.  But I have yet to have a really impressive Thai meal in New Orleans.  So, considering the competition, I guess that makes La Thai pretty kick-ass.
But I eat Thai in New York and Los Angeles as often as I do in New Orleans, so I can't give it more than 3 stars because I know too much.  
Right now, my biggest beef with them is not unique to this restaurant.  Twice now I've ordered something in a Thai restaurant in New Orleans that was described as having lemon grass.  Why?  Because I was hungry for lemon grass.  But I don't taste the lemon grass.  Why?!?  I don't get it.  Whatever the reason, the $8 lunch special lemon grass beef was neither lemon grassy nor a good piece of beef.  Greasy, fatty, and disappointing.  
Maybe I just need to stow my Thai cravings away for other ports-of-call.LA Thai is one of those places that is generally mediocre food but have amazing here-and-there "thai fusion" entrees. But if you're going to open a Thai place, you gotta get the basics right or else people are just going to lose interest because let's face it, everybody's general idea of Thai food is rich and spicy curries and well, pad thai. And they can't get that right.
It's located on Prytania in that little mini mall strip with the Creole Creamery next door - the space itself is very clean with hardwood floors - however the dining room is sparsely decorated with cultural items and plants. 
I ordered the pad thai and a red chicken curry, as well had a few special cocktails they had - they make some pretty damn good cocktails, a lot of them asian inspired. However the pad thai was red and weirdly sweet - which was kind of...not what I would want my pad thai to be like. It wasn't bad - but it wasn't good. The curry was a little blander than I used to and it was kind of expensive for the portion size and for what it is. 
The service was a little choppy as well - I had to wait a moment before I got a table (it wasn't busy) and I had to flag down a waiter to drop us menus and get us our drinks. 
So bottom line - there's a hell of a lot better choices for Thai food uptown (such as Bangkok Thai or Sukho) at better prices. I wouldn't choose to come back here.I have gone here many times. The first time I went we had Merlin as our waitor. He no longer works there but he was one of my favorite waitors ever. He offered to cook us a free sample of drunken noodles and every time I go, I have to order it. It is so good. It's better than their pad thai. I also love the coconut shrimp. The dumplings are just ok. have always had great service here. They also have a special appetizers deal on Tuesdays I think. 1/2 off apps and certain drinks. Very good restaurant. Hopefully I'll see Merlin again.This is actually my first time here and the food is absolutely delicious! When you first walk in, you'll notice how nice and decorated the restaurant is and the service is awesome! Will definitely come back
I recommend the coconut shrimp as an appetizerPretty good Thai cuisine and great wine and cocktail selections.  I brought my friend in for his first Thai food experience (he's a cheeseburger and potato guy) and he loved it.  The food is a little pricey for the taste, but the atmosphere is excellent and made for a great 5 person dinner party.Love love this place. It's always bustling and the food's consistently delicious. I love the Shu Mai! Be warned that while it's certainly Thai, it's Cajun-influenced Thai, so purists may complain... However, doesn't bother me a whit, as long as it's delicious!This was my first trip back to La Thai and man was it worth the trip. The restaurant itself has a feeling drawing you in with a flavor all it's own. The menu is varied and well thought out. The wait staff is attentive but don't over due it. Our waiter Cory is striking at 6' 8" and he does know his menu and can break down each dishes appeal. My wife had the Calimari with the in house made sweet chili that is in a class by itself. I had the Chef Merlin's Crab Cake with Lump Crab Meat an again that marvelous Sweet Chili Sauce. I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys  fresh Louisiana Crab Meat. La Thai is where you take your out of town guest who want to sample food the locals eat. You will make a great impression and a truly fantastic  food memory. Of course if you want to make a impression on that new someone here you go. This is truly a "foodie " spot that anyone can enjoy.I was content with your by-the-glass wine selection. The asparagus in the glass noodle dish was INCREDIBLE. Remember playing with giant parachutes in elementary school gym class? Your front-room ceiling decor reminded me of this, and while tuning out the drone of the busy dinner rush, I day-dreamed of rolling around in it.This place has the best Thai food in New Orleans. The restaurant is clean and nice. The prices are a bit high, but it is worth it.Very chic Thai restaurant. I was in the area for a great meal before my movie at Prytania Theater. I usually go to Kyoto but have eaten there alot lately and wanted to try La Thai. Well I should have stuck with Kyoto. The good was the hot and sour soup that was excellent, the bad was that everything tasted like the hot and sour soup. It appears this place uses a base for most of their dishes because I tried the drunken noodles and the pad thai and both had the same flavor as the soup which I though was weird. The pad thai was the worst I had ever had and the drunken noodles had big beautiful shrimp that made up for the underwhelming dish. We ordered the summer rolls which was a disgrace as it was one roll cut into pieces for $5 which was the special, its normally $7 here. The drunken noodles at an astounding $16 was ridiculously over priced like much of the menu. I thought I could never get Thai more expensive than Suhko Thai and yet unfortunately I found it. This place is often on Groupon so if you do decide to come here make sure you have a one if not look elsewhere. I blew way past my budget here for food that I did not think was that great. What makes it worse is that when I eat Thai I normally do it family style but unfortunately the plates here are expensive and the portion size is not family style, note even close.