This place is AMAZING!! The food is all authentic and homemade. Classic Southern food that is so truly made with soul. The chef/owner is so sincere about making his food incredible and making sure this is a place that feels like a comfortable spot for people on this neighborhood and community. He sources everything locally and makes sure he knows the people he gets his food from personally! I totally recommend this place. Five stars from me.This is the first place we stopped after getting of the plane.  It was close to where we are staying and the reviews looked good.  The food and service just proved then right. The shrimp beiginets were amazing. My husband had the corn and crab bisque ad's I tried the chicken andoulie gumbo.  Both were amazing so full of flavors.  For the main we had shrimp tacos, 1 fried one blacked. Both were full of flavors. For our first meal in the city, we were more than impressed!  The service was also amazing. We sat outside and the server brought it right out.  
Thanks a ton!Stopped in tonight for some burgers to go. Good food, friendly service, only reason they didn't get more stars is because we ordered, and paid for bacon on our burgers, but when we got home with our food there was no bacon anywhere. They'd forgot the couple next to us' fries as well, so definitely check them out, but check your food very carefully before you leave. They seem to forget stuff regularly.Delicious shrimp poboy & offered Barq's root beer in the glass bottles. Cool touch.  Nice portion of fries for $2, but loss of 1 star only b/c frozen fries. That's not a bad thing, the fries were good, but fresh homemade fries would be better IMO.
Super nice staff. We will definitely return.What can I say about this place, it's simply awesome. It's not only a perfect after soccer lunch destination, but it's also great for a late night dip. Great burgers, salads, oyster or shrimp Po boys, and onion rings. Everything is fresh, and prepared upon order. You will always get a picture perfect plate, and delicious meal.Had burgers w/ cheese. They cooked them to perfection. The fries were crispy & not overly salted. Our daughter had the pork tacos. They had a very good flavor but she got a piece of pork that was mostly fat. Still good but...
Small place with outdoor seating.My FAVORITE late night spot. You get freshly fried seafood and the oysters are amazing. The service is awesome too, walked in one night at 12ish in the am and tonight after 9pm. Same great service!Got the grilled shrimp tacos and they were fantastic. The shrimp were deveined, seasoned well, and cooked perfectly. All three tacos were stuffed full of shrimp and the pico de gallo was fresh and delicious. This was my third visit and I've been very pleased each time. If you're in Lakeview, give this place a try. Good prices and they don't skimp on the portions. I'll more than likely go back very, very soon for more.Right from the start, the staff was very accommodating and kind. We had the burger and the cuban. Everything was cooked perfectly. I'll be back!I'm sorry. Why are you reading this review? Why aren't you here yet?!?!
They have a fairly large and diverse menu. We got the burger (awesome), mahi mahi tacos (super awesome), and mozzarella sticks (cubes? - Awesome. I hadn't had anything like this since I lived in Chicago). 
You order at the counter. You can expect to spend about $15 per person with an entree, shareable appetizer, and soda. We had leftovers (but we're tiny people). The biggest limitation is that there is not a lot of seating.
I can't wait to tackle the rest of the menu!Good service but the food is lacking. I did enjoy the fries though. Gravy and jalapeño and cheese. it was delicious. It was the first thing we ate so we had high expectations for the rest of our meal. However, it didn't measure up. I would get the fries again but probably nothing else.Some of the biggest and best fish tacos I've ever had! Chicken and andouille gumbo was real good too! Chef also made some homemade spicy crackers to go with, d-lish! I'll definitely be back and recommend to friends in the area.I really wanted to like this place because it is in the neighborhood I live in. The place was empty when we walked in, but it took over twenty minutes to get our burgers. When the order first came it was messed up (it was for a take out order). The burgers were so-so. The fries were really delicious, which is what pushed this up to the A-OK status.Love that there are open late.  Caught them after a pelicans game, there was no one in the spot food arrived very fast. We got the seafood beignets which were very tasty. Its not loaded with seafood tho i think it could use a bit mor. The burgers were really good tho nice size patty well seasoned. Definitely good enough to make a second trip.  Place os very small on the inside maybe 3 tables and a few tables are located right out front on the outside. Its also located next to a bar I'm sure they get some business from them as well.Found this little place next door to Parlay's bar in Lakeview and sat outside for dinner. It has a great neighborhood atmosphere with lots of people out walking dogs, families strolling along the sidewalk, and even some random guy walking around playing the flute!  Also, while we were eating we saw a guy pull up in a golf cart to pick up a to go order. 
We had the shrimp po-boy which was flavorful and seasoned nicely with a side of crispy fries perfectly prepared.  We also had the grilled shrimp tacos served three to an order and they don't skimp on the portions. The shrimp were grilled just right and the tacos had a little bite from the peppers in the fresh pico de gallo. I wanted to try the seafood beignets but they were all out; I guess they must be really good, maybe next time. 
When you stop in make sure you take the time to say hi to the owner Chef Joey and his son Josef who are both super friendly and will make you feel at home in their little joint.A Lakefront fixture. You have to eat there at least once. Awesome burgers, great atmosphere, polite, casual service and a nice new digital juke box. Terrible bathrooms.I had the fish plate. It included six small filets that were light, crispy, and tasty. These were accompanied by an order of fries that could have fed three people! Overall it was a good dish, but I subtracted one star because I think $15.00 plus dollars is a bit much for what you receive!This restaurant is a great place for a burger. They also have crawfish and the best hot tamales. During Mardi Gras they sell Randazzo's king cake. Great neighborhood place but worth the drive also. Good menu for adults and kids.Ventured here with an aunt, who happens to be friends with the owner/chef, Joe, & the from the moment we walked in, we experienced nothing but warm stories with Mr. Joe & classic New Orleans foods, done perfectly. From the handcrafted fire crackers (saltine crackers glazed with a handmade pepper glaze) to the seafood beignets, with the original remoulade sauce: this place is the bomb! my personal favorite dish was the corn & crab bisque with the abundance of crabmeat! It tasted so authentic & complete, missing not an ingredient or spice. I also tasted the seafood gumbo, which was also delicious & tasted so classic. Perfect if you're looking for takeout that isn't your normal takeout, but also great to just sit in with friends & share a meal.  I would recommend to anyone who wants to experience classic New Orleans palettes without the hassles of downtown New Orleans. Will return, without a doubt!This adorable little place is family owned. We ordered the chicken and andouille sausage gumbo, chicken wings, grilled fish tacos, and a fried oysters poboy which was all exceedingly delicious and above our expectations. Don't underestimate this small place. The food that comes out of that kitchen is fresh and bursting with those lovely Nola flavors.  They are not stingy with the servings and are very friendly and detail oriented. We are already planning on coming back soon!The fried cheese sticks are the best I've ever had!!
The shrimp po-boy was good; plenty of shrimp! The cafa fries were good! The service was fast. I'll be back!!I had the trout special yesterday and it was off the charts fresh.  Ashley said their trout is so fresh that the filets were swimming in the water a day ago.  I had mine grilled and my friend had his fried.  Both were delicious!  You can't do wrong with anything on their menu.This is the first place we stopped after getting of the plane.  It was close to where we are staying and the reviews looked good.  The food and service just proved then right. The shrimp beiginets were amazing. My husband had the corn and crab bisque ad's I tried the chicken andoulie gumbo.  Both were amazing so full of flavors.  For the main we had shrimp tacos, 1 fried one blacked. Both were full of flavors. For our first meal in the city, we were more than impressed!  The service was also amazing. We sat outside and the server brought it right out.  
Thanks a ton!Food: 3 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Meh.
The people are nice, and the place is clean. I think the prices are elevated for what you get. I had the fried chicken tenders and Cajun potatoes. I was warned the potatoes were spicy. Is it that people of Louisiana don't understand the term "spicy?" They were bland. The tenders were good enough, but not $9 good. My spousal unit said his tacos were very good. I may or may not be back, I haven't decided.The burger (singular, as there is only one burger on the menu, and you can dress it with about 7 things at an upcharge), was bland. Juicy but bland. Needed salt, bad. I would recommend adding bacon. 
Same goes for the onion rings. Bland batter, and a whole lot of it. The fries were pretty good.Very impressed with this tiny little place on Harrison Avenue. I hang out a lot in Lakeview  now and was really looking forward to checking this place out. I just went with the burger and fries. Actually I'll start with the fries because although they appeared to be frozen batter fries they were perfectly cooked. And they held up on the short ride home. The Burger was way above average. It was a little overcooked to my taste but it could've been the way I ordered it. I wanted pink so I ordered it medium but really got it medium well. So if you want it pink order it more like medium rare. The bun was above average as well although a little bit tough. A  A little bit softer would've been nice. But they did toast it which was a nice touch. Frankly, I think I will def come back to Lakeview burger and get another burger or maybe even try the seafood.Great little place. Very friendly staff. I have celiac a disease and they were very accommodating, burgers were awesome even without a bun. Loved the Cajun potatoes. We had a party of 10, tight squeeze inside, but zero complaints. Grilled shrimp tacos were also a hit with our party.We were there as tourists. Although we ended up there spontaneously, we just took an Uber from City Park to a nearest Po Boy place, we got the experience we were looking for :) This is definitely a great place to try New Orleans food. It is small, it has seats inside and outside. It has many Po Boys options as well as Gumbos. No hype around, just local, just delicious and not overpriced.
Moreover, I prefer live conversations to googling. We asked a waiter about an origin of Po boy's name. He didn't remember and asked a guy in the kitchen, the guy didn't remember too. We were seating outside after our delicious meal waiting for an Uber, when a guy, probably the owner, came to us and told us the history of Po Boy! Isn't it the best experience you can get as a Cafe guest? And yes, the place is very affordable, that lefts no reasons not to go and check it out :)I came here to try out the food since i was visiting the city 
We ate dinner Food is not that bad nor the best. They charged me 71.98 and it should've have been 34.49 so they over charged me. Be careful if you're paying credit card they might charge you more and double check your transaction statement. I tried to contact them to address the concern i was hang up on. And keep your receipt.Burgers are fresh hand formed patties cooked to order. A blend of brisket & ground chuck give this burger a bold beef flavor yet able to remain quite juicy at a range of temperatures. The cafe fries were a perfect compliment & large enough to share. This is a hidden gem & just the kind of local neighborhood eatery that New Orleans is known for.This place is great. I highly recommend them for late night eats, great burgers and a variety of other options. They have a bar and a bank next to them and who could ask for more?Absolutely delightful! My husband said it was the best burger he's had in a while! I had the corn and crab bisque and loved it!Basic food made extraordinarily well. Genuinely warm service. Large portions. Easy to miss among its larger competitors on Harrison Ave. This is the kind of place that gets overlooked due to trendier places opening up all over town. This is the restaurant version of having a trusted barber or mechanic that you return to over and over and refer your friends to. It probably won't be featured on Eater, but that will help keep the wait times down at least. Just don't forget to give them your repeat business if you are lucky enough to know the secret.One of my favorite places to eat in the city. I live in lakeview and frequent Parlay's, so this place is not only convenient and open late, but also delicious (especially after a drink or two)!! Joe is the man, Ashley, Max, DMac, and the rest of the crew will be sure you enjoy every bit of your experience. Keep up the good work!This is a family run business and stays open late! The burgers are always consistent, juicy and big. I strongly suggest you get the mozzarella sticks/balls. They are home made and one of a kind. I've also tried there seafood poor boys which are also very good.This place is great. I highly recommend them for late night eats, great burgers and a variety of other options. They have a bar and a bank next to them and who could ask for more?I've eaten here a handful of times over the two years I've lived in New Orleans and have to say this place has gotten better! 
Burgers are always delicious and juicy. Baked potatoes are the best in town! And their sweet tea is on point. 
Service is hit or miss.This is a great little place and it has great food. It doesn't get 5 stars just because it's so small it's almost uncomfortable at peak hours. Definitely worth it to try out and definitely worth it to pick up food.This little gem is sandwiched between Reginelli's pizza and Parlay Bar on Harrison Ave in Lakeview. I've driven by it so many times and have never eaten there but yesterday I did! And it was the best part of my day! My server Ashley was upbeat and super friendly. The burger and fries were absolutely delicious!!!!! Please please go check this place out. No alcohol, bottled soft beverages only but you can get a drink at Parlay if you so desire and sit outside at the tables and enjoy the sunshine and a great meal.  I will be returning very soon! I can't wait to try the rest of the menu!Haven't even gotten around to tasting the food yet,  considering the place only has 5 tables in it and not much business,  we have been waiting on our food for over 30 min now,  this food best be good or I will not come back.  After 45min we finally got our food... Nothing special.... Not coming back,  I would suggest coming here unless you like sitting around and waiting.DELICIOUS burgers--top of the line beef, and made to order. The wait is sometimes a bit of a hassle, and the burgers can get kind of expensive once you start adding toppings. I definitely think the burgers are worth it though--and the order of fries is definitely enough to split, which helps. Lots of people call in their order & pick it up since the place is tiny.So good! Got the shrimp tacos and the chicken parm to go and shared everything with my boyfriend. Everything arrived safely home warm, crispy, and tasty. The tomato sauce on the chicken parm was delicious and I'm thinking of it now wishing I had leftovers for breakfast. The shrimp tacos came 3 to an order and were large, American style tacos...pillowy flour tortillas filled with lots of cheese, lettuce, and pico. I took their advice to get the shrimp blackened and that was definitely the move!good to know this place if its late and you are hungry. the staff is really nice, it seems to be clean and the price is good too. we had burgers, spinach salad and fried oysters. very quiet and nice area as well.The place is small, small, small.  It's more suited for takeout than actually eating in but there are a few tables inside and 2-3 outside.  Be careful not to sit at one of Reginelli's tables or they will run you off.  We learned that the hard way.
The menu is small.  It's basically burgers, po-boys and fried side items.  The lady friend and I each ordered a burger and shared an order of onion rings.  Both were very good.  The burger is cooked to order and had a nice chargrilled flavor.  The burger is a little too thin for my taste and I don't like sesame seed buns.  There is also no alcohol served but you can get a drink next door at Parlays and they will actually deliver your food in there for you as well.  I wish I knew that before we scarfed ours down.Delicious food, great service, reasonably priced. Stopped here on the way to the Quarter from the airport (super cute area).
Best oyster sandwich I've had in my life, will be a spot we hit anytime we come to visit NOLA.Great neighborhood spot. Late night. Burger, gumbo and a Cuban were all really tasty. Super nice service. 
They even bring your food to you at the bar next door.Ordered a burger and it was terrible. The cheese wasn't even melted and the patty was tasteless. Service was subpar as well.Great service! Family owned. Never really noticed it despite that I frequent the Starbucks nearby. However, the food was really good. really fresh. My husband had a burger and in one bite he said "SO FRESH", he knew the burger wasn't pre-frozen. I had the shrimp tacos and they were really great. Fresh shrimp and its almost like they grill their pico de gallo. They also sell fresh seafood when in season. I will be purchasing my gumbo crabs from them in a couple of weeks. I'll be back because there were some other menu items I wanted to try. They serve food til midnight which is clutch!The burger was basically the best I've had in a long time. Perfectly cooked with great flavor . I had the cheddar dressed.Good food, just a very very small space. Only 4 tables inside. Also, I ordered a side of corn and no one told me about how spicy it was. My mouth was on fire. Everything else was fine though! Good pricing and comfortable inside.Awesome spot for a quick, delicious bite. In the heart of Lakeview with great staff. Must haves are the seafood beignets and mozzarella cheese sticks. I must warn you though, the cheese sticks are not your average cheese sticks. They're hand-cut and huge! The fried artichoke hearts are great. I come here for the homestyle burgers honestly! Brings me back in time! This place is awesome!I have never written a review before and this burger and seafood joint has moved me to do so.
Why go anywhere else? The fish are crisp and tender, the portion sizes are HUGE. The fries are delicious- try the debris fries for a full meal- and the prices..... They are the best deal around for the quality and amount of food you get!
The staff are super friendly. Owners are there interacting with customers. And they have let us BYOB on different occasions. Limited seating - which turns to another upside because the patio is great. 
They only part I don't like is that they're closed on Sunday and I have to find somewhere else to eat once a week. 11/10 would recommend.Excellent preparations of popular New Orleans dishes. The grilled shrimp salad and gumbo had lots of flavor, were cooked perfectly and had generous portions.My boyfriend and I come here all the time and never are disappointed. Everything we've tried from the fully loaded french fry app to the shrimp tacos to the oyster poboy are always amazing. Also, the young man who runs the front of the house is awesome. Love that a new and GOOD restaurant has opened in Lakeview!I had the mozzarella sticks and seafood beignets. The seafood beignets left something to be desired. They were balls of dough with a weird texture and no flavor. The mozzarella sticks were pretty good for a late night snack.This food was amazing!!! It's in the perfect spot for me and me family since we live about 5 minutes away. I also love that it's not to pricey and the food is homemade. You can see them making the food in the back and you can smell it. The great thing about this place is that the owner is walking through checking on people. I recommend getting the mozzarella sticks, they are to die for!!Awesome food and friendly staff.  We sat and had our lunch outside on a nice afternoon.My daughter stumbled upon this place - after searching for somewhere to eat for 45 minutes - then I had to turn around and drive 15 minutes in the wrong direction (teens!). WORTH EVERY MINUTE!! The food and service were amazing. Hint: try the tacos. Wow!!!! Gr8 job kiddo.Best mozzarella sticks I've ever had!! Burgers are cooked exactly as requested... my kids like the crawfish! We go back regularly.Got the Poboys (Grilled Shrimp & Fried Oyster) to-go , the components were good. The grilled shrimp was cooked well and flavorful, oysters still tender, however the whole thing was dry, no remoulade, not even mayo! It all just sat on top of everything dry and lifeless. They weren't cohesive as sandwiches at all.
Overall disappointed that I wasted the money.I honestly come here just for the tacos. The portion size & prices are fantastic, and the pico de gallo is always super fresh. I had the seafood beignets once too, and they were also great.I thought the food was pretty good, but it was highlighted by the girl working the front.  We had the fried cheese app, grilled Mahi-mahi tacos, fried oyster po boy, and a Cuban.  Ate half of the Cuban, and a few of the oysters.  They were really good, with the right bread it would have been perfect.  I think the Cuban would have been on point if there was less pork and more ham/salami & cheese.  Didn't get a chance to try the tacos, but sure they were ok. I can't eat fish tacos unless they're like Tijuana/Ensenada.  (Beer batter, pico, corn tortillas). I just remember thinking over and over-  the place is really small, but if I walked in there from parlay's after midnight it would be super incredible to stuff down a burger or a ferdie from there.  The staff was super awesome and I hope to go there again soon.  The people really make the place...It was a nice day for outdoor eating. Our waitress was great and very descriptive when asking about the menu! Which always makes the experience better. We ordered the grilled mahi mahi fish tacos, grilled shrimp tacos and they were both very well cooked and seasoned. Possibly a bit too salty for my taste but after I asked for some sweet tarter sauce from the great waitress who obliged. It was much more to my likings! 
We wanted the seafood beignets but they were out which was disappointing because they sounded Devine! 
The fried pickles were on the salty side but had a good crunch and batter. 
Fried artichoke heart!! That was a first for me and I'd have them again! Dipped in marinara or remoulade they were good! 
The seafood pirogue sounded like something I'd like to go back and try. Check this place out.Always friendly staff. Food is good and filling. Mozzarella sticks are delicious. Slider burgers for the kids are good.We were at City Park, at a track meet after a long day's drive.  I was casting about for a nearby place to fill our bellies and ease us into that Big Easy way of eating that can best be described as extravagant.
This was billed as the best burger place in the area - which sounded fine to us - so we stopped in and we were glad we did.  This is a TINY place between a bar and another restaurant - so small they don't even have restrooms (but the restaurant next door is fine with their guests using theirs).
Our server was Ashley - and she is PRECIOUS and knowledgeable and just wonderful to talk to.  She was rushed - she was the only server out there - but she was still warm and hospitable and just great.
We had burgers and mozzarella with marinara.  True to form, every bit of it was handmade/hand-cut/fresh as can be.  We loved the neighborhood and plentiful parking, even on a Saturday night.  We didn't even mind the very colorful (toasted) patrons of the bar who sat at the table next to us and liberally peppered their conversation with words more colorful than the norm.   We even got a catch-phrase from listening ... "Well, it's cheaper than a cat," though we are not sure what THEY meant, we use it all the time.
I fell in love with the neighborhood, the great food (and reasonable prices) and sweet Ashley at Lakeview Burgers.  I'm a fan!This place is awesome. Really great fresh food, juicy burgers, and the cafe fries are out of this world. The fries are covered in a roast gravy, which tastes like he cooks a fresh roast down from scratch. I will definetly be going back to this place. The owner and staff are very friendly and accomidating.We chose Lakeview for my birthday lunch. Omg! The fresh made in house mozzarella sticks were sooo good! I tried the catfish plate as well as sliders. The sliders were cooked like I ordered them. The server was great. Very nice small burger joint. Def recommend and I know I will def go back.*sigh* another terrible experience. I ordered the chicken & sausage gumbo & fried pickles. Idk what this is, but gumbo isn't it. When I opened the lid I thought it was chicken noodle soup. Roux is NOT supposed to be this color. The "roux" is absolutely tasteless, just felt like a was eating hot water & the chicken in it was dry & obviously pre cooked. Also the rice was already in the gumbo prior to delivery, so it was swollen & mushy. I'm astounded their chef would actually try to pass this off-brand Campbell's soup as genuine southern gumbo. I've eaten completely disgusting gumbo from California, & it was still better than this awkward soup. Completely inedible, & the pickles were stone cold. *barf*Almost everything was handmade and delicious. Small friendly staff!
Roast Beef Po-Boy was pulled from an actual roast vs. deli-sliced roast beef mixed with bullion - which you'll get a lazier establishments.
Fries were a disappointment, from a bag...but to be honest I only noticed that because the rest of the food was so obviously NOT from CONCO or SYSCO or some other mass-food distributor.
Great vibe, good people, very good food.  Worth your time.My fiancé and I were in the mood for American food one night and decided to pop in here. We'd had their mozzarella sticks once before and loved them, so of course we had to order some this time. We also put in an order of onion rings and each got a burger. The mozzarella sticks while still amazing, kept falling apart. The batter didn't seem to have stuck to the cheese or they weren't fried long enough. I'm not sure what the issue was but it was annoying. The onion rings were also yummy but I wish they came with sauce because they were pretty dry. Our burgers were REALLY good and HUGE! We will for sure be back.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans!! EVERY single thing on their menu is amazing. I love their po-boys, burgers, fries, mozzarella sticks, chicken fingers, and tacos!!! This is our go to place to order out from on "those" days. The people that work there are so nice!! So nice that if you are at the bar, Parlay's, next door they will walk your food over to you. We love to ride our bikes over on a nice day and eat outside. Very reasonable prices.Best late night food around. Always go there for burgers, cafe fries or Catfish but I haven't tried anything that wasn't good. Very friendly staff.Had another excellent burger here.  Prompt service.  Plenty of parking off-street and in the median/neutral ground.  Small place Recommended.The burgers are great and the food comes out so fast. It's also convenient that they stay open late.After reading some of the other reviews we decided to check it out. I had the hot sausage poboy and my husband had a bacon cheeseburger. Both were delicious. We started with the mozzarella sticks and they were nice enough to make them special to deal with an egg allergy. Will definitely be back!Just had a quick late lunch between travel and it was yum! The Cuban was delicious and so was the corn crab bisque. Fast service and good portionsFirst of all great customer service!!! We stopped at this charming restaurant for our date night! 
The chef/owner sold us on his handmade huge mozzarella sticks and we also got a bacon burger that he offered to cut in half for us and an order of deliciously crispy fries!
They were so friendly and accommodating and the atmosphere is very romantic! We chose to sit outside in this weather. The tables were nice and the scenery was great!So I ordered a burger over the phone to come pick up on my lunch break. First of all, the burger was great, which is why I didn't give less stars. The total was $11. I gave the young man my debit card, which currently has over $2300 in the account. He asked for my zip code, normal procedure. Then he says my card is declined. Impossible. He tells me he's sorry and does not offer to run it again because (after I called my bank to verify what happened, they said they did not even see where a charge was attempted from this location) he input the wrong zip code. Extremely poor customer service. Training is definitely needed.Burger and fries awesome... they were out of fried shrimp and roast beef! Spicy potatoes were not good at all! Oyster poboy wasn't bad but will not back.Had the hamburger.  Delicious.  You can tell it is a hand made patty.  Excellent service.  Will be back.  Highly recommended.