Amazing food, I love that I can get tots, my guilty pleasure. They also have the best potato skins I've ever had! I knocked one star off because service can be a bit slow.I have been to Lakeview Harbor restaurant a handful of times, each time hoping for a better experience. But the truth is that it's just a very average restaurant. I have never had a great meal there. I usually order a burger, which is never cooked the way I ask them to cook it. The last time I went there, it was with a larger party of 8 people for a birthday. The service was deplorable. Half of the food came out and then 20 minutes later, the rest of it came out.  The timing was all wrong. So we waited for everyone's food to come out and 1/2 of us were eating cold food by the time we were all served. I will say that this is a pretty good place to go and have a drink at the bar, as the bar is large and accommodating.Had the chicken sandwich on Texas toast and it came out on wonder bread. Jaeger burger is MUCH betterThe service here is really not cutting it. With at least three waiters and a hostess serving a relatively small number of people, there is no reason anyone should be waiting 20 minutes to place an order or get drinks. They were slammed on a Sunday morning, with large groups waiting for tables, but the wait staff had no hustle whatsoever. They just kept disappearing into the back.
Also, my "medium" burger was well done. (i.e. cooked too long, not done well) and my fries weren't cooked long enough. This is not the best burger in New Orleans by a long shot.The absolute worse service ever. The waiter could care less if he took care of us or not. He wouldn't come out from kitchen for 10 minutes or so. Never checked to see if we wanted anything. If you want a good burger, port of call is worth the wait. I won't be back here for sure.I have heard this place advertised as the best burger. Had that advertisement not been made, I would have liked the place more. Good food, don't get me wrong, but not as great as people had made it out to be. It was very busy at lunch time, but this didn't create long line or detract from the service. If you're looking for the best burger in town go to Port of Call. If you want a great burger w/o dealing with PofC, go to the Beach Corner. If you want a decent neighborhood restaurant in the Lakeview area, but you aren't married to having an experience of burger nirvana, come here.Service was only okay, it wasn't crowded (it's a Tuesday), so I expected better. Potato soup was great, as was my husbands side salad. Blue cheese dressing seemed to be homemade. I ordered the shrimp platter. They were decent sized shrimp, homemade cocktail was awesome. They were out of fries, so I got the tater tots, which were great, if you're into tots. Husband got the burger, which he described as average. Menu says you can choose between soup or salad, but waiter said it's an up charge, which is fine, just update your menu. Waiter wanted to up charge for tots, but since they were out of fries he didn't. We didn't order drinks, but the table next to us ordered several, and they looked yummy! 
Decent meal for the price we paid, but nothing extraordinary or special.Eating here was a 3 hour experience and we only had burgers. The orders weren't all correct, which they fixed with the price. The service was friendly when talking with us, but we didn't know who our sever was for a while and rarely saw him. In the end the food was good but the experience left us regretting our choice and deciding to never return.Good food and strong drinks. Had a good lunch with a pretty relaxed atmosphere. Good place to watch the game if you're into that sort of thing.Love Love Love Lakeview Harbor!  The burger is a solid, and the best tator-tots!  My favorite is the Harbor Salad - house made ranch dressing -- so good.
Harbor also serves great seafood -- fried shrimp platter is wonderful.  I don't think that any of the po-boys are noteworthy.
This place is great for lunch or dinner and has a killer bar!Ehhh. The burgers were ok, but nothing to write home about at all. The patty seemed bland and the bun was way to small for the rest of the burger. I ended having to eat more than half of it of the plate with a fork.  It wasn't terrible, but by no means was it the best. The fried mushrooms were amazing, though. The service was good and and the bartenders were friendly. All in all this place is really hit or miss. Some may love it, some may not. I'm sort of on the fence myself but I don't think I'll be back for a while.basic blech bar food! yes, i too like my cheese melted on my burger. nuff saidThis use to be one of my favourite places to get a burger and baked potato. Tonight it was just off. The service was very slow, correct that exceptionally slow. The bacon on the burger and potato was hard. Just not what I had come to expect. This was my third choice, port of call being my first and The Harbor being my second. I guess I will be looking for a replacement for my third.My wife and I came here after the restaurant we had selected was closed.. Glad we did; loved it. Surprised how busy it was for a late Sunday afternoon. Saw no dirt or other indications that housekeeping was lax. Men's room was also clean and properly stocked with soap and paper towels.
I had read the reviews and knew the ratings were not all that favorable based on service, food preparation, and even cleanliness. Did not experience any of the negatives other reviewers have noted. The friendly server was quick to take our drink order and offer suggestions and info in the menu items.
The burgers were large, cooked as ordered, and very tasty. The curiosity of a baked potato with a burger got to me so we ordered them instead of fries. There are a lot of toppings to choose from so you can make the spud your own creation.
There is a wide variety of burgers so I picked out the spicy double cheese burger fully dressed. I added sour cream, bacon bits, and butter to my potato. All food came to our table steaming hot and everything tasted great. On mine the spicy was a favor add and not an experiment in mouth pain. Just right.
As this place is only 2 blocks from our house, we will be back.Love the burger and baked potato. The bar serves good drinks. Great neighborhood joint.Bartender Stephanie made an awesome craft cocktail today at Lakeview Harbor...bourbon, Chambord, and more. It was awesome. Someone else had a New Orleans original strawberry daiquiri with egg white...light frothy and delicious. Not afraid to experiment. I love this place.Best cheeseburgers (cheddar) ever! They are huge and loaded down with goodness! The baked potatoes are excellent! You have got to give this place a visit! Come on YA'LL!This place standards have gone down tremendously. The service was atrocious. I was in the mood for a burger with a bake potato and didn't want to fight Mardi Gras traffic. I waited 40 minutes for an underwhelming burger and a tiny bake potato. It was so dark inside that none of my picture were visible. It was happy hour, so I had the Chardonnay. The wine was flat and warm. It's not even worth the trip.It's a place close to home, but it's hit or miss when ordering off the menu, and some things are just completely over priced. Their burgers are delicious! The chicken in their salads are almost a rubbery sort of texture. A salad with chicken, boiled eggs, lettuce, and some carrots and purple cabbage costs about $18.... pretty outrageous.I lived in Lakeview for a few months before I realized this place was actually a restaurant. The frontage & giant neon sign scream "retail boat shop," not neighborhood restaurant. It wasn't until a friend recommended it to us that we gave it a try and ordered burgers to go. Hubby and I both had the mushroom burgers and they were delicious! Nothing fancy, but quality meat, and well seasoned mushrooms. The fries and onion rings were nice too. We recently went for a sit down meal, and ordered exactly the same thing (exciting, I know.) Yes , it's a little dark, but the beer is cold, it has a friendly vibe, and the service was good despite being very busy.A friend and I went in last night (Saturday) very hungry, and the place was not so crowded, so we were seated seated right away (it was 10:00pm). Had crab cakes, coconut shrimp (awesome dipping sauce with these), and calamari for appetizers. Apps were ok, not great, but hot and acceptable. My friend had the fillet steak, and it came out sizzling and cooked exactly right. I had the shrimp plate with tater tots, which I love, and you can't seem to get anywhere other than Sonic. Shrimp were fine and made much better by dipping in the sweet sauce that came with the coconut shrimp app. Potato salad was so-so and did not really add anything to meal. Waitress was cute and helpful, and service was fine. The need to add some desserts to the menu. If they had any, we were not told about them. Overall this place is pretty good. The menu is varied, and when it's not too crowded, you can have a pretty good meal here.Terrible experience! Took about 5 minutes before anyone greeted us. Took more than 10 minutes to get our appetizer (fried pickles, which weren't very hot). I ordered a catfish poboy and asked for nothing on it. It came out fully dressed. I told the server and he took the plate back to the kitchen and came back out about a minute later with the same sandwich but with the dressings removed. I could still taste the lettuce and tomatoes. My sandwich and fries were not hot at all. My boyfriend got a chicken sandwich that was also quite cold when it came out. Took a while to get refills on drinks. 
Was not worth the $40 the meal cost. 
This was my third or fourth time coming here and I've been disappointed every time. Definitely will not be coming back.If my star count could be in the negatives, it would be. I have come to this place pretty regularly in the past years, and it had always been mediocre (even if you felt like crap afterwards). From undercooked burgers to staff who look like they wish they could be anywhere else in the world to the layer of grime covering the entire place, an eating experience could be classified as anything but pleasant. On my most recent visit, me and a friend of mine weren't very hungry, so I ordered a baked potato with a kids catfish platter (remember the fact that I am ordering a PLATTER of catfish), and my friend ordered simply a baked potato. Our plan was to just split the catfish. We wait. and wait. and wait. 45 min. later, our food comes. Finally. We are presented with two of the smallest baked potatoes that were about half the size of a regular potato (which ended up being $10!!!), and a single slab of, "Catfish." Obviously frozen, the fish tasted very fishy, the least bit flakey, and was also a sort of brown color. I am not new to catfish, and I can honestly say that this was the worst catfish-poser I have ever eaten. WILL NOT BE BACK.Absolutely disgusting food & atrocious service. Man I regret giving this gross dive a chance! They took forever to make a simple Cosmo, which was disgusting. My child's food, which was ordered first, took forever to come out. My prime rib was cold & mostly fat & gristle, but that's not even the worst part. Hubby ordered pizza, their 'house special', it was obviously pre-frozen, not fresh, not tasty, it just looked & tasted awful! 
Why the f do they even have pizza on the menu??!! It's so easy to make fresh dough, a degoirnos would have been better. To top it off, the bathroom was vile!!!! I just feel cheated & sickened by the gross meal & terrible service. I get so angry when I want to support a local place & end up with such a bad taste in my mouth, literally!!! I hope they close!We were a little surprised by the atmosphere. It was dark inside with loud bass/ music(bar like atmosphere) but the clientele was older. Plus its set in lakeview which is a pretty conservative neighborhood . But anyway the cheeseburger was identical to port of call(delicious)- menu prices a little high and service was sub par. I think it would be a perfect place to sit at the bar  have some strong drinks and a good burgerBefore the burger craze took over New Orleans, there were only a few dedicated burger joints in the city; and the big three back in the day (in my opinion) were Port of Call, Snug Harbor and Ground Pati. 
Shortly after I graduated college way back when in 1993 (yeah I know I'm old), Lakeview Harbor opened its doors and I have been a fan ever since.  This place is all about the burgers.  They start with a freshly ground, hand formed USDA beef burger and grill it any way you want.  I like my burgers medium rare and many restaurants will only cook their burgers medium or well done.  So it's great to get them cooked exactly like I like them.  
These burgers aren't disguised with all kinds os secret spices and sauces.  The beef is delicious and it stands on its own.  If you opt for a cheeseburger, you'll get a mountain of colon clogging cheese; and I mean this in a good way.  The buns may not be made by a boutique bakery, but they are always toasted to perfection.  And the condiments are always fresh, crisp and ample.
I can't recall ever getting french fries for my side item, as the loaded baked potato is awesome.  A loaded baked potato includes butter (lots of it), sour cream, chives, fresh bacon bits and cheddar cheese.  You can also get mushrooms, but I feel it actually detracts from the original loaded ensemble.
Lakeview Harbor also serves steaks, po-boys, daily specials soups and salads.  However, to me, this place is all about the burgers; but there are two exceptions.  The first is the filet sandwich.  Everything on it is the same as the burger I described above.  However, instead of their freshly ground beef, they cook to order a filet mignon.  I highly recommend it as a burger alternative.  Even though it's still beef.
The second exception is their pizzas.  This place makes a great "old school" pizza.  I'm making comparisons to Artista's (closed) and Tower of Pizza.  If you like a thick crust or pan pizza, don't even bother, as this is a thin and crispy crust.  However, if thin is your preference, give this place a try.
The main dining room is separated from the full service bar by a half wall with a mock sailboat "thingie" sitting on top.  The bar is always packed, especially for college football games.  I'm not the big drinker, but I've met friends here from time to time and we've always had a great time at the bar.
They've even recently acquired the space next door and opened up a banquet room for private parties.
This place is all about consistency.  I have never had a bad burger here.  In fact, the burgers here have always been hot, delicious and cooked exactly like I ordered.  What else do you need?Burger was tasty good, and the beer was cold.  When we went they were out of mushrooms but didnt tell us until our food came out, which was pretty annoying.  The service was a tad lacking and it took quite a while to get someone to wait on us.  The baked potato was phenomenal!  One of the best I've had.I went here for a young adults social my church was throwing last night.  Don't judge lest ye be judged, aiight?
We reserved the side room for only $30 and had our own private service.  Given that the main dining room resembled market day in a starving third world country on pay day, it was really nice to have some quiet, private-y space for a group.  I didn't eat anything, but the menu looked pretty awesome.  I got a whiff of some burgers and steaks, which smelled pretty awesome, too.  I plan on going back for dinner with the kids sometime soon and I'll be sure to update.
I can comment on the drink prices - CHEAP! $3.50 for a martimmy?  Yes, thank you, sir, may I have another?  The Abita Strawberry was priced the same.  I am sure that the draft selections were even cheaper, so, yes, I'll definitely be back to this neighborhood favorite.Been wanting to try here for a longtime. Finally did and I was mildly disappointed, not that it is bad. I had a cheeseburger which was good (probably even the best in Lakeview) but Port of Call it's not. For starters the burger was over cooked (I wasn't asked how I wanted it). The fries appeared to be frozen steak fries so you can guess how they were. The service however was good. Another positive is it does have the feel of a neighborhood institution.Great DRINKS, and FOOD! The Hamburger and Baked Potato was Awesome!!!! And the MIXED DRINK (SHIPWRECK) Had me feeling  just that away!Horrible service. Server never checked on our table after our food arrived. Drinks were empty for 40 minutes. Waited half an hour to get our check. Food was mediocre and over priced. I will not return.I really enjoy Lakeview Harbor. The burger and potato are always solid and affordable. If you are looking to be frugal, they give you enough food to split just about any item. 
The place also manages to do something that may be unique to New Orleans - it feels like a bar and is kid friendly at the same time. It can get noisy, especially when the jukebox plays, but with kids that is often a good thing.LV Harbor has won my heart many times over Port of Call but I was SO SO disappointed to discover that their burgers have gotten so small! why oh why!!!!???? I've been asking all my LV friends about it and they all confirmed and are equally disappointed.Shrimp poboy was just OK and too expensive.  There are too many places to get a good poboy in New Orleans that are less expensive.It was my first time eating here. The service was pretty good, but on the other hand, the food not so much.. They turkey burger was not made to order.. It used to be fresh ground turkey, but not this time... The chicken mushroom sandwich was just ok. I did not like how the mushrooms looked. They looked brown & just too gross to eat. I would have preferred my cheese melted, & not just shredded on top of sandwich. I've heard so many good things about this place, that's why i was so eager to try it. Unfortunately, we won't be back. It was s huge disappointment...I hadn't been to this spot in forever when we stopped in for a quick meal on a Saturday night. We must have missed the early dinner rush since the place was emptying by the time we were seated just before 8. 
I ordered a salad with grilled shrimp and it was all soooo salty that i must have guzzled 2 or 3 iced teas.  My friend enjoyed her meal more than I did, but for the life of me I can't remember what it was. 
The staff was attentive and friendly.  We were in the overflow room and our service didn't suffer but  think I would choose the main dining room on lighting alone.When you want a good burger in Lakeview, look no further. Very good burgers and baked potatoes. Good for lunch or dinner. The bar is also a big plus for the establishment.My wife and I just moved to New Orleans Lakeshore from California and we always patronize local establishments.  Last night, we had dinner at Lakeview Harbor.  Despite mixed reviews, we wanted to try it for ourselves.  We were pleasantly surprised with the service and quality.  I ordered the Spicy Bacon Burger and my wife ordered the Bacon Burger.  Both were grilled as we ordered and were delicious.  The spicy bacon burger was juicy and flavorful despite having to grill it well done due to the pork content.  The baked potato was fluffy and flavorful. Only knock was that it was swimming in margarine (not butter) but I was able to take 1/2 of it off.  Service was good and not slow despite what many reviewers said, although we went on a Monday night and it was not busy.  We will definitely return again in the future.One of the best burgers I've ever had.  I ordered the side salad in place of the standard baked potato, and the salad was more than enough (as side salads go).  The burger was cooked to order and quite filling.  They used real shredded cheddar cheese.  I also am a big fan of their BBQ sauce that they keep in a bottle on the table.  We usually go here for lunch on work days.  I'd highly recommend this place if you're looking for a really good burger.Great food and sandwiches and fries at this little neighborhood place in New Orleans - Lakeview area. Close to a lot of cool places as well. They also deliver to the neighboring bars. I had a burger and a philly cheese from there, also the loaded fries. Everything was great and the service was great, too!Not as bad as expected. 
We've lived in Lakeview since pre-Katrina and I have never eaten here. The biggest reason was because my husband said it was awful and inappropriate for kids. The last time he went his entire party got sick, but I was determined to eat at a local spot the other night. I was very surprised that the food was actually good, not great, but solid and simple. Prices were reasonable except for the $17 salad which consisted of a pile of iceburg and a chicken breast.
The waiter was very polite and attentive. I do however understand why most people have a problem with this restaurant. It seems like the owners have given up on it a long time ago. It's dirty, and could use a coat of paint and a broom. Men come after work to drink at the bar and stay for hours, which I'm sure gets rowdy. It must have been downright disgusting before the smoking ban.The only music in the place is the ganster rap coming out of the dishroom. I would gladly make this a weekly place for my family if only a little care was taken with it. But I don't see that happening.Pretty much my go to spot for a great burger. Service is always great and fast. It's never too crowded and you always get the same great food each time you go. The menu is a typical NOLA style menu but the burgers are to die for! You definitely won't be disappointed.Lakeview Harbor is a good place to grab a burger and a few beers.  The baked potatoes are overflowing with toppings of your choice. I could just go there and have a baked potato as my entree.  
It's really dark in there, so my kids (a 3 yr old and a 6 yr old) don't really care for it. Luckily for Lakeview Harbor, they are equipped with a video game and a claw machine!! We spend about $15 worth of quarters everytime we go. It's worth it. The food is great when you have that burger craving.
The one thing they could really work on is their servers. Ours wasn't very friendly the last time.This place has been on my list for a while because I heard a rumor that they are just like Port of Call's burgers.  Since I'm giving up meat for Lent, I thought it would be an ideal afternoon for a burger.
The interior kind of put me off from the start, all the tables were huge parties of 8-10 people with vacant-looking teenagers glued to their cell phone screens and children playing on arcade-like games in the corner.  
Food was not inedible but just a step above that.  House salad was chopped iceberg, which the boyfriend loves so that's fine but it was small and pricey for what it was.  Harbor wings, I guess anything fried and dipped in bleu cheese is good but they really had no discernible flavor.  My burger was burnt, the bacon tasted like it was cooked at the breakfast shift and the mushrooms were waterlogged.  The french fries weren't even good.  My boyfriend's shrimp po-boy was small with shrimp the size of my thumbnail and it was $14.  Service was friendly.  The only thing good about going is that now I can cross it off my list of places to try.I can't believe I've been fighting the crowds at Port of Call all this time until a friend told me about this place. Even though it's just down the street, I gladly now drive to Lakeview Harbor. I love the big menu, lots of good choices and oh, so much parking.While the menu has lots of variety...the service is god awful...don't do it if you don't have too! It took forever for the host to acknowledge our presence and once we were finally seated it took forever for a server to come over to ask for drink choices...once we did that we ordered an appetizers and entrees. After 20 minutes, we still didnt have our appetizers...our waitress came over and she said would check the kitchen for our food and after being gone for five minutes, she then said we never ordered appetizers....once we finally got our entrees...it definitely was not worth the wait...our food was cold despite our waitress saying that the reason it took so long for our food to come was because we had to wait for the chicken to be grilled....overall i have no intentions of going back.Cozy little local joint.  Family friendly and overall friendly service.This is a tough review, as I usually put a lot of emphasis on the quality of the food in my reviews.  And the fact is, Lakeview Harbor has GREAT hamburgers.  But, the experience is just so awful it offsets the delicious burgers.  I've been there many times since I was a teenager, but probably won't go back.
Pro's:
1) Hamburgers are AWESOME.
2) TV's with sports on.
3) Local Crowd.
Con's:
1) The atmosphere and overall dining experience is terrible.  
2) Wait staff is slow and will disappear for long stretches of time.  (sometimes up to 15 minutes or more)
3) Everything is dirty.  I have a pet peeve about dirty, sticky tables.  But, these tables and the floor really take the cake.  There are layers of grime and filth everywhere.  Like they've never actually cleaned the tables or floor with soap...just maybe occasionally a damp, dirty rag.  It's so disgusting that I didn't want to touch anything.
4) At night-time it's so dark you can't read the menu's without straining your eyes.  Maybe they keep it that dark so no-one can see how filthy the place is?Came here for a quick burger so I sat at the bar. Two TVs, one on ESPN, the other on NFL network. Service was good from the bartender and the burger was above average. I had been hearing about this place's burgers for over a year and it definitely didn't live up to my expectations. The abundance of cheese on the burger and in the baked potato made me smile. Nothing real exciting about this place that would make me want to go there again other convenience and the casual atmosphere. Pretty cheap, though, which is nice. Also: fountain drinks are served in enormous cups. 
Looks like they have A LOT more menu items I need to try so I'll probably be back to reevaluate.It's a knock off version of Port of Call. BUT NOT in a bad way..they are just as good in their own right. I really like that I can get bacon on my burger. I use the expression"knock off" because their cook is POC's old cook(a very friendly regular shared that information with me) and they have a drink called the Typhoon which is just a less fruity Monsoon(a drink @ POC). Now the burger was very tasty. It lacks that grill flavor but overall it is still worth giving a shot. My waitress was very nice & helpful. So obviously, yes I will visit again.The tator (sic) tots were good.  That being said, you could buy a bag of them at the Rouses and a home version deep fryer and then also eat some decent burgers for less than the $90 (with tip) we spent.  I'm still not convinced that New Orleanians have ever actually eaten burgers, pizza, and Chinese - delicious crap foods the rest of us used to take for granted.  Since there were a lot of reviews that mentioned (the ridiculously gross) Port of Call, I opted to get a fried seafood platter.  The oysters were okay; however, the catfish was wet in the middle and mushy - which to me screams "frozen farmed catfish".  My husband also had fried seafood - but he had shrimps.  I think he was underwhelmed.  Our daughter, who had been in the stables for a couple of hours, went with the bacon cheeseburger.  I will admit, it did look like those blackened (and not in a Cajun way) hockey pucks they serve at POC - complete with the cold lump of shredded cheese, but sans bacon.  We never saw the bacon.  Or our server, really.  Our food was delivered by other staffers.  Even our check was delivered by someone else.  Strange.  Service isn't going to redeem the food, that's for sure.Lakeview Harbor, in my opinion, has the BEST HAMBURGERS in New Orleans. And the place is only a few blocks from my house. The burgers are soft and delicious, cooked just the way you order them, and come with excellent shredded cheese and a baked potato. I've been going there for almost 10 years, and I was so happy when they re-opened after Hurricane Katrina. I have had only 1 complaint about Lakeview Harbor, and it's a biggie. The service is SLOW. Like, really slow. Go there when you are not yet hungry, and you will be by the time your burger arrives. Thats the only reason why I dont give them 5 stars. I still like going there with my friends, because we have a lot of time to chat while waiting for our burgers. :-)I like Lakeview Harbor. Definitely not a 5-star burger joint in this city but its a good time. If youre gonna pig out on beef, I'd recommend a filet sandwich over the burgers any day. Its a little dark in there to have a restaurant feel and you cant smoke cigs in there so it really doesn't feel like a bar either. If you go in there when theres a LSU game (and maybe zephyrs?), the drinks are 2 for 1 and they are delightfully strong.Do not believe the hype!  I have no idea how this restaurant gets the reviews it gets.  My husband and I were severely disappointed after having such high expectations from the feedback and fanfare.  Nothing about our meal was good. The crab claws were bland; the batter had no seasoning and I had to request some from the kitchen to sprinkle on top just to eat them.  Burger was dry hard,, over cooked and favorless even with cheese, bacon, and mushrooms.  I could not believe how bad it was with all the good feedback.
One thing I can say is that the mushrooms did have flavor, really bad burnt grill debris flavor.  They left an unsettling taste that upset my stomach.  
Customer Beware, the corn and crab soup is really corn shrimp and crab soup with hardly any crab.  There is no mention of the shrimp any where on the menu.  Some may think this is a good thing, but I feel the taste of shrimp kills any hint of crab flavor. 
Not even the drinks were good.  Red creme soda was almost pure syrup, Coke was flat. 
Even the service was terrible.  I only saw a waiter about every 10-15 minutes across the entire dining room when it was fully seated.  It took 15 minutes to get my bill.  15 Minutes to get the seasoning I had to ask for to eat my appetizer.  The food took forever to come out and by the time it did, the cheese they melted over the potato had hardened.  I also ordered sour creme and chives on my potato and did not get either. 
THIS IS NEW ORLEANS, WE CAN SO BETTER!   DON'T BOTHER!$Ok, here I go.  Let me start off that I've been here several times before and been satisfied with what I ordered
I dined at Lakeview Harbor last night with friends.  Admittedly very hungry, I couldn't wait for a hamburger.  We started with fried mushrooms, they were ok.  I ordered the turkey burger with mushrooms and swiss cheese, it comes with a side of sauteed spinach.
First, the bottom bun was completely soaked because the juice from the sauteed spinach spilled in the plate, the mushrooms are canned and soaked in worcestershire sauce, cheese was not melted, and to top it off it was a beef hamburger.  
The sauteed spinach was soooo salty and again with the worcestershire.  
In the interim they brought me sweet potato fries to satisfy me.
They brought me my new turkey burger.  GROSS, is was processed with spices and stuff.  Not hand formed ground turkey, I know the difference.    
In hindsight, I should have just stuck with the hamburger.I've had way better burgers elsewhere. Mine was so dry and the taste was lacking. Service was meh.An elaborate bar-like menu.  Lots of fried foods.  Opted for the salad and was great.If you like poor tasting, bland, greasy bar food then this is the place for you. This place has got it in spades. One of their other hidden gems is a flavorless chunk of ground beef they try and pass off as a overpriced hamburger. The one bright spot of the meal was the sweet potato fries.Nice neighborhood bar and grill. The hamburgers here are  great, one of the best in the city. The drinks arent bad either. Usually a decent bit of people there and music playing. Fun place to go and grab a cheap and delicious meal if you're in the area.Where do I start, the service was awful,The spinach dip was burnt in the chips were stale.I asked for my burger well done and it was as pink as could be. when he brought us the check there was cheese all over the check holder and it was way overpriced.I have only had the filet sandwhich a couple of times and it was better the first time around. Either way the place was busy so I guess they are doing something right.Store bought COLD turkey burger served on a STALE bun - $11. HELL NO!!! It was served with 2 pieces of onion, 2 pickles, 1 slice of tomato on a stale bun. This place has declined. Or was never as good as Port 'o Call but served a purpose! No more! Yuck!The reviews are overly harsh for is what one of the best burgers in the city. Get the burger and a potato and enjoy, simple. The jukebox could use some work but that's more a result of other patrons.This is a bar setting, so I don't think it is necessarily a place to take the family, but they had the game on so....
Our group stuck to what they are known for: burgers. They are all cooked to your order, so we got some big meaty burgers with a little pink in the middle: perfect! Their sweet potato fries are very good and the sauteed spinach is out of this world. I don't know what they do to it, but it is not vegetarian friendly, but oh-so-good!  
DO NOT get the turkey burger. Awful, especially in comparison to the beef burgers. It is probably a frozen patty and it tasted like a rubber puck. The spinach is the only saving grace.
All in all, a pretty expensive burger place, but a perfect stop after Celebration in the Oaks.Went here after going out early on a Friday night. It was so different from what I remembered! Bar crowd was very loud, place seemed kind of seedy. I had fond memories of this place being family friendly & pretty good eats. I felt disappointed.I had the pleasure of eating a mushroom & blue cheese burger here. It was great as was my side of spinach which was seasoned nicely. I have to recommend the mushrooms to mushroom lovers and haters alike. They are cooked with wine to perfection. The rest of my table also had burgers, buffalo wings and mozzarella sticks. Everyone left with full bellies. The typhoon, lakeview harbor's signature drink was strong but too citrusy for my liking. Overall great food and fast service. Fully recommend to cure any burger cravings!Lakeview Harbor reminds me of the main restaurant in my small hometown in Virginia. They have regular customers, they do a couple things pretty well, but this is not fine dining or the best that New Orleans has to offer. They cook a pretty good burger (Port of Call, Snug Harbor same stuff) and I love the fact that I can get a loaded baked potato. They do an excellent job with to-go orders, one of the best in the city, in my opinion. I've had a few other items here, nothing memorable, all pretty standard. The four stars are for the burger with loaded potato option and the ease of their take-out system. Good neighborhood restaurant, but by no means the best cuisine in New Orleans.Ordered the bacon cheeseburger and loaded potato go - the wait wasn't long at all. Food was hot and fresh. The guy at the bar was really polite and acknowledged me quickly. I'd definitely be back.Lakeview Harbor now does breakfast. Went with my best friend and had mixed reviews. I had the biscuit and gravy and scrambled eggs and she had the breakfast burger. My biscuit was grilled on the flattop first and soaked up way too much grease and I just didn't like it and sent it back. My eggs were good. My friend's breakfast burger made of a combination of hamburger and breakfast sausage topped with cheese, bacon and a fried egg was excellent: super juicy, flavorful, and cooked well.
We will definitely be back, despite the one misfire.Seated the table we reserved, overpriced, slow service, this place blows.So my best bud knew I'd be in Nola today and he recommended I eat here. He suggested I get a cheddar cheeseburger with a loaded baked potato. I went with the bacon cheeseburger w Swiss cheese and fries. It was one of the better burgers I've had, not the best but up there. The fries were steak cut but cooked just the way I like them, crispy. The service was great, the bartender checked on me frequently. I plan to stop by again if I'm in the area.Ordered the Cheddar burger  and it was huge. The baked potato was giant and overflowing with toppings.  Out waiter was cool and attentive and I am stuffed. I gave it 3 stars because I feel it's time for a lil facelift, the place looks old and dingy.  The food was good and service was quick. I also love the huge glasses they give you.The potato was great. My hamburger had a good flavor. The steak was cooked perfectly. Thanks for the service.A favorite neighborhood bar and restaurant. Great menu choices are burgers as my fave or any of the chicken sandwiches, the chicken tenders or fried crab claws.I got the spicy bacon cheeseburger (ground beef & hot sausage mixed) and it was sooooo good. It wasnt spicy but it had the best flavor. This is now my official burger!!! I got pepper jack cheese on it with a backed potato on the side (yummers; no salt needed on the potato). For a appetizer I had the mozzarella sticks which were super fresh. You can tell they make their marinara sauce fresh which makes it impossible to stop eating them. AND the service was first class!!!Definitely the best place for juicy burgers and the very best fried chicken sandwich this side of the Mississippi! If you like a drink with your meal, then I recommend the ever so popular Typhoon, but be careful, it packs a wallop! The service is good, but some of the female bartenders could smile a little more. All in all, one of my favorite places to eat and drink in New Orleans.Get ready for some huge-ass burgers and powerful fruity drinks (Just don't call it Port of Call)!
Although Port of Call would be the big kid on the block when it comes to the burger/booze 1-2 punch,  the Harbor does a fairly good Lakeview version of the Esplanade staple. It seems as if the good folks at LH took out all the things that they disliked about Port of Call (no parking, long line, cramped spaces, BACON BITS!!!)  when creating their eatery.
Now it definitely is lacking on several fronts, such as the rich culture and great neighborhood Port of Call provides, which suits the Harbor more for working locals looking for an extended lunch destination. Also a great place to hit up after golf with the fellas at City Park.A decent bar overall, both for the quality of the drinks/food & the welcoming environment.  Really personable staff.
I enjoyed my Cape Cod.  As far as food is concerned, I had the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake appetizer, which was decent.  It wasn't necessarily bad, but I honestly wouldn't order it again.  I ordered the Burger & added Mozzarella, Bacon, Sauteed Onions, & Sauteed Mushrooms.  An absolute delight.  
I would happily return for a burger here, which is nice, because it's difficult to find a decent burger in New Orleans.Lakeview Harbor USED to be a great place to get a burger.  Now, not so much.  
Their portions and quality declined heavily when they re-opened after the storm, so I pretty much stopped eating from them.  But I had a gift certificate, so last night I got a mushroom cheeseburger and the Crab Feast (to go).
I'll start with the burger.  Lakeview Harbor used to have one of the best burger deals around:  huge burger, huge baked potato, all for about $10.  And the best part was that I could never finish it, and I got two meals out of it.  Now the burger is the size of a regular little McDonald's cheeseburger and not much better.  Canned mushrooms -- barf!  I had to scrape them all off, and the steak fries (all 7 of them) were soggy and tasteless -- I knew better than to kid myself into thinking the baked potato would be bigger than a golf ball.
The crab feast was almost inedible.  And it was over $30!  I was stunned to see that receipt (they don't put their prices on the internet menu).  Soggy soft-shell crab about as big as your computer mouse.  Dried out tasteless fried crab claws.  Terribly dry and flavorless crab cake, and I didn't even try the stuffed crab.  And to top it all off, the sweet potato fries were about as soggy and limp as [insert your own joke here].  The corn and crab soup was mediocre...way too much heavy cream.
If you want a damn good burger, go to The Harbor Bar and Grill in Metairie.  It's on 17th and Ridgelake just east of Causeway and north of Vets.Finally went to Port of Call and loved it.  A couple of days later I was in the mood for another good burger but didn't want to head into the Quarter so I found some reviews for here and decided to try it out.
Very impressed! They serve some great hamburgers.  I liked that I had more options than POC on what type of burger I got and the side.  Instead of the HUGE baked potato at POC I got sweet potato fries.  Not at all soggy like you get some places.  
The wait staff seemed a little overwhelmed even though there weren't many people there (we went a little after 1).  I wouldn't say the service was terrible but had it been better I would've given it 5 stars.