Very good. Fast seating. Service was very good but it took awhile for our food to come out. Red beans and rice and crab cakes were amazing.Service was GREAT! Food....meh. Jambalaya was almost room temperature and no okra at all. Won't be back.We had reservations for Easter dinner. Service was slow and we felt forgotten. We ordered the BBQ Oysters, loaded mash and crab cake to share. The oysters were good although the toast was literally a sliver, the loaded mash was very small and the crab cake was luke warm.  Disappointing.My husband and I ate here today. It was so good. It wasn't our original plan to stop there but the business across the street was out of oysters. ( oyster house?)
So, we decided to go to Landry's. Wonderful and friendly staff. The food was amazing. The oysters we had were spot on what we wanted. It was our last stop before heading out of town. I forgot our waitresses name but she was great. Very friendly. 
We also got the bananas fosters cake. For $13 it's a huge piece. And so good! 
Thanks Landry's we will be back.We try to eat somewhere special on our last night of a trip. This was our first visit to New Orleans. We started by looking for a Landry's restaurant since we are club members. When this place popped up we made reservations. 
We were seated at a table in the bar area. We requested a low top instead of a high top table on the reservation. Don't make this mistake. The high top tables are the ones beside the window that overlooks the river. Our server's name was Erica and she was an absolute delight. She made our dining experience very enjoyable. 
I started with the Captain's punch which contained rum, banana, peach, and tropical juices. It was very good. The blackened redfish etouffee with creole green beans and dirty rice sounded amazing so that's what I ordered. It was delicious. 
We had a great last night in NOLA with our special dinner. This will be a must on return trips.Rating were good. But still waiting for our dinner .   Extremely slow service ..appetizer and drinks were mediocre at best .  Was really looking forward to this meal. But would never recommend . Hope dinner shows up before sunrise ..Aaaaah man Landry's seafood House was awesome.  Me and my fiancé sat upstairs by the window and had a nice view of the water.  Our server Nathan was great and very attentive as well.  The bartender made amazing drinks and the food was on point!  We had the crab cake, oysters and a shrimp poy boy.  Everything was made exceptionally well! Definitely a must visit when in NAWLINS!We had a vow renewal and made reservations for a party of 21, the general manager was very accommodating and super pleasant. Our servers were Fernandez and Katrina, they were BEYOND AMAZING!! Seriously the best service we ever received. I was impressed by the general managers attention to detail. The food was delicious, the view was amazing, and I will definitely return.Just grabbed a beer - was going to have a snack but the person next to me was doing business and every other word was F _ck!!  Now I used that word often -- has a great ring to it and it's one of my favorite words ... drives the pint home quite well . However they were a little over the top and the bartenders fell into it encouraging the discussion- lots of loud trash talking -- Happy Hour Prices upstairs but not at the main bar - didn't tell me but shared with other customers that came in after me. Disappointing at best.We used to go to Landry's in the French Quarters. It was one of our go to places during Jazz Fest. We noticed that it has re-opened on the north east side of the Jax Brewery Building. It looked good because it had an upstairs and an outside seating that overlooked the Mississippi River. That was the pros. Now the cons. When the hostess seated us she cleared the table but never came back to wipe it. There were no place settings and no dishes. Even though they were not busy everything took forever. When the crab bisque came out it was lukewarm as was the char broiled oysters. The oysters were seasoned with  way to much salt. We ordered bruschetta six oysters 2 cups of bisque and a beer. The bill was $77. Ouch. Too many great restaurants with great service and great food for far less money. Will not be back.My and my friend went there for dinner and our waitress YaYa gave excellent customer services and made sure we were happy. So if you ever go there ask for YaYaIyanna Roberts was our waitress and she was fantastic.  Yaya was very knowledgeable in reference to the food and drink menu.  Yaya anticipated our every need.  She checked on us continuously throughout our meal.  She kept our drinks topped off.  I look forward to having Iyanna as our waitress again.  Iyanna is a valuable asset to the Landry's team.Go to the second floor bar over looking the river - the service with Rickey is fantastic - the oysters are amazing and the happy hour is worth the timeGreat for food allergies! The manager came to take our order to ensure that the kitchen knew. She made specific suggestions, and we we're thrilled with our meals. Definitely will be back.Sitting in the downstairs bar and they refuse to close the door. It's freezing out and 60 degrees in the restaurant. They don't care people are walking out because it's coldWe walked in as a party of 7 and sat on the outside patio overlooking the Mississippi River! From the time we walked in, to the time we left, we had nothing but positive vibes from the whole experience!! The food was good, but our server Fernandez was absolutely AMAZING!!! I hope management recognizes what an amazing person they have working for them! Will definitely return when I come back to NOLA!!!We had the burger with avocado, chicken Alfredo . It's kind of a general selection but it was really good and the service was delightfulEverything about this place was AMAZING! We made reservations for the balcony and had dinner at 7-it was great! We were able to enjoy great food & cocktails while watching the sunset and had the Mississippi River to the right of us. ALL the staff we came in contact with were SO nice and engaged in conversation with all of us. I'd highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to visit the French quarter. They are also kid friendly and had a great kids menu to choose from.This was the best service we've had in a very long time. With a party of 7, we know its going to be difficult to get seating snd srrvice, especially during Matdi Gras, but we were seated immediately, and I asked for a view and got that too. Steven, our waiter, was OUTSTANDING. He was very knowlegable about the menu and make suggestions for dessert. He was completely professional in his delivery of food items and graciously retrieved extra drinks and sauces for us. We'll definitely be bsck next year. Chris, the manager was also very accommodating and gracious. He stopped by our table a few times to make sure our visit was perfect. Completely pleased with the generous food portions and tasty food.  This is a must visit restaurant and nar in New Orleans. I would give 10 stars!Nothing really went right during this experience. Ignored by wait staff, wrong food given, exceptionally slow service, over 1 hr to receive water after placing food order.  As a life long resident of New Orleans I normally try to avoid tourist focused restaurants like this, and tonight confirmed the reason whyI have been to New Orleans before but this was the first time eating at Landry's Seafood. I was glad I did! Being from the south I love fried seafood, here I had the seafood platter which had fried fish, shrimp  and oysters with french fries and onion strings. Delicious! Had plenty to eat. Steven our server was fantastic! Next time I visit New Orleans, I will definitely eat at Landry's again.Landry's was a great seafood restaurant with a good view of the square! The service was fast and very kind. Our waitress let us sample all these different sauces for our meals and served us so much bread! I ordered the Shrimp Etouffe, very good but I wish the portion size was larger. Overall, good dining experience with a perfect location.Underwhelmed and overpriced. 
For a spot on the river, the location is great. Also way better than anything in Jackson Brewing (aka a food court). 
We're not blaming anyone, but the food was whatever.  The crab bruschetta was good but only 3 portions which was awkward for our group of 4. The burgers were good portion sized, but when the waitress confirmed medium rare three times and they came out as well done ... we had to say something. The manager nicely offered us new plates, but it wasn't that big a deal.  I will say the onion straws were on point and plentiful. 
Everything else on the menu was maybe a million dollars ... well over $22 so it wasn't worth it. 
I've heard great things about Landry's, knowing it was a bit pricey, but my visit here was disappointing.  Plus we heard our waitress arguing with the original waitress whom she "took" our table from. Awkward.Yaya did her thing she is bomb dot com!! Wonderful personality. Confidence. Humorous. Well-informed. Great food. Great drinks. Go see my girl.Baby the food was definitely GREAT  our waitress Courtney did a great job making sure we ordered the best and we definitely did omg the food and drink was soooooooo next time I'm n New Orleans this will be my first stop.  IFood was great! I had the shrimp Bon Temps w okra. Reeeeelly good. Building and atmosphere was great. We sat upstairs by a window overlooking the street. Was really cool.This weekend a group of friends and I are visiting New Orleans for a birthday celebration. We decided to stop into Landry's  for a drink and ended up staying for several hours because the bartender, Kelcey was outstanding! The service and drinks were amazing and would definitely recommend this restaurant! We will definitely be coming backI've been here twice to sit at the bar and have drinks and small plates with friends. The bar staff is very fun and entertaining. Vince is a sweetheart and he has good stories and great oysters!! Would recommend for a midday snack and drink stop or for full on dinner.YaYa was the best waitress in the world. She let us kno the best entrees and appetizers. She was personable and had a super positive attitude!!Customer service here was outstanding! We were greeted and seated by the Assundra, the manager. Desiree our server was so friendly and helpful! She gave us drink suggestions that were spot on. There was a new bartender in training so one drink ended up a little less than desirable. The server actually had the manager remake the drink ( this due to several years as a bartender herself) and this was a complete difference. The drink was amazing! I ordered shrimp and grits (this Bama girl loves shrimp and grits by the way) unfortunately the manager came out promptly after ordering to let me know they had run out of the sauce that goes in the dish, she actually went back and made me the dish with a marinara sauce and put it all together for me at the table! Again the dish was AMAZING I ate every single bite! These 2 employees went above and beyond to make sure our experience was excellent!Stanley the man is an amazing server!! Very helpful, attentive, and told it like it is about the menu.
 He gave great suggestions for food options as well as drinks.  The food we had was the best ever..If you come In You must ask for him. 
Come eat and drink at this Resturant..Ridiculously slow service. Waited over an hour and a half for our meals to come out. The manager was completely incompetent and too inexperienced to be a manager of a restaurant. There was an overwhelming amount of staff with no customers, and our server was the bar tender, on a Saturday.  She wasn't busy and stood there doing nothing with the rest of the staff. The Brabant potatoes were a total disappointment, the shrimp Cesar is the size of a side salad and 5 shrimp, that wasn't blackened, with none of the ingredients described on the menu. The oyster Rockefeller was amazing but this place does not need to be in business.Only stopped here for an appetizer but it was amazing. Crawfish toasts I highly recommendWe had a great meal overlooking Lake Pontchartrain. They have another location in the French Quarter. The service was just a little slow and it took a while to get our entrees. But the food was excellent and the presentation was very nice. There were lots of options including a gluten sensitive menu. Worth a visit!Daisy J with the awesome tatts on her arms is super friendly. Her manager also came by and asked how our service is and if anything she could do to make it better. We responded with Daisy J is fantastic... friendly... has amazing hospitality and she deserves a raise. We asked for  recommendations of the food and she gave he best description for us. We are from out of town and his place had great music and view from anywhere you sit. Definitely come back for more if you want great food... drinks... and selections for a great price with great service!I had the shrimp and catfish combeaux. My mom had the crawfish etoufee. Both dishes were amazing. We went for dinner on a Sunday so Decatur Street was pretty tame. Service was really nice. From the hosts to our waitress to the bartender. They had great options on the menu and you can't go wrong with any of them.Our last night in New Orleans, we got into a weird Uber on our way to another restaurant when the Uber driver's gps phone went dead.  We decided to just jump out the car and pick a restaurant in that vicinity.  
So we decided to go to Landry's for a quick dinner even  though we generally base our restaurant choices on strong and high volume reviews.  We entered the restaurant where the Server, Ya-Ya was chatting with her customers.  The restaurant was closing in less than 45 minutes but we were optimistic.  
Ya-Ya sat us down  and was a nothing but a southern charm and engaging yet professional.
We had 
- wow dirty gin martinis 
- oyster casino 
- bbq oysters 
- Catfish with crab, string beans and dirty  rice  
What a delicious meal and the martini was perfect! This is how you end a vacation!!!!!!  Thank you Ya-Ya!!!!Very nice restaurant with so much seating including outdoor patio seating that's right along the water. We even got a fireworks show! Lots of food and drink options so we were very excited! They might've been really short staffed tonight but it took about 20-25 minutes to get our drinks including water! 
Food: With how slow service was we decided to order food right away. Food probably took about another 40 minutes to come out. Some of the girls had made substitutions to sides and ordered entrees a certain way and it seemed like no accommodations were made. 
We were here for a bachelorette party so had other plans after dinner. We asked for our check which took another almost 20-25 minutes to get to us. Overall we were at the restaurant for 2.25 hours and most of it was waiting. They did seem short staffed and our waitress was very friendly but the waiting game just sucked.Went to the soft opening a couple weeks ago. What a treat. The building has been beautifully restored. The bar upstairs is so nice.
Our young server was so nervous but did a good job. 
The food was really good. Hope they keep up the good workI would go back. 
Really nice place to get away from the streets for a bit for some good food and drinks.This was our first stop to eat when we got to town.
Everything was DELISH. We tried the crawfish bread for an appetizer and my boyfriend had the ribeye cooked to perfection and I had the yummy fried catfish myself. This is a gem for NOLA. But the best part of our dinner was our server, Nathan, he was amazing, fun and personable. That man deserves a promotion. We definitely will be back!We went here for dinner with a group of six. Our server Stanley we fun, friendly, helpful and incredibly efficient. I have life threatening food allergies and the manager, Assunde, went above and beyond to explain the menu and prepare safe food for me. The drinks were good and the food was great. This oysters were a bit underwhelming in quality and flavor, especially for a seafood place, but that was our ONLY complaint. The experience was amazing. The Scallop And Grits Entree was voted the favorite by the table. But the salads and burgers were good as well. Over-all wonderful experience more due to the staff and customer service than the food, but both were great!Went here for happy hour while we were walking out on the waterfront near Jackson Square. The quesadillas were pretty good bar food and the happy hour menu had several good options. Plenty of TVs in the bar area and a direct view out to the water where you can watch passing ships. Not a bad place to spend a couple hours getting out of the heat.We had Nathan as our server.  He was excellent.  All of his recommendations were spot on. Great food, great cocktails.  Most importantly great service!Good views but the bartender didn't even know what I was ordering- corn and crab shower. He asked me to show him on the menu what I was getting. Not sure if he was new? The corn and crab showed was pretty good.Oh wee, that was tasty. Seriously. Yum. 
On the corner of the old Jax Brewery sits Landry's seafood. There are some tasty choices and this is a big restaurant. We weren't too hungry so we opted for cold drinks and appetizers. Everyone was pleased with their selections. I have to say the crawfish bread was my favorite. The seafood gumbo was good, but a little salty.
Service was slow for it being so empty, but it was friendly. It's an easy place to stop in for a bite in the French Quarter. Dining upstairs was nice because you could see the river and into Jackson Square.Looked for a place for a steak. Went there and they took us right in upstairs by window. Perfect. Crawfish bread was da Bomb! Our entree took a while and when it came my wife's steak was a little undercooked. But they were so gracious and promptly took care of it. The manager himself apologized and delivered new steak. Great service! Our waitress was also wonderful. Good people there. Btw, the steaks were perfect.We were in town Mardi Gras walking through the French Quarters and my friend saw this place. She swears by it so I decided to give it a try. I am vegetarian/vegan and they were so nice to accommodate my food by substituting/adding extras for me. I ordered chicken fettuccine without the chicken but had them add spinach, extra peas and extra mushrooms. It was really good and I'll gladly recommend them. I also ordered the house salad and it was so good! I had more than enough food for later as the portions are hearty. Our server was so nice and the customer service was A1!This place messed up my trip to New Orleans I had food poisoning for three days TRASH.. there are better places to eat when you come down to NOLA stay AWAY !! Thanks to this place I will never eat shrimp again ..The place was empty and the staff could not keep up with food or drinks.  Food was average, especially the seafood.The food was terrible along with the service. They are to busy on their phones or trying to pick up women or men. Wouldn't recommend 
Expensive and not worth the price. I would rather go back to Copeland'sGreat dinner! I had the crab and corn bisque to start red fish étouffée with loaded mash and green beans! Excellent! Excellent! The green beans were crunchy and seasoned well. The mash were perfect Our waitress was Katrina and she was knowledgeable and attentive! I also had the raspberry lemon drop which was strong but tasty! I was pleasantly surprised how empty it was on a Friday night but the locals said that it was pretty normal for a Friday night. My friend had the wedge salad and salmon with the same sides. The salmon was undercooked and sent back twice --got an apology from the manager that was meh. Overall a good experience minus the undercooked salmon.Went to Landry's tonight with my best friend, she was my valentine. 
We originally decided to go for the bread pudding. I love the bread pudding at the Landry's on the lake but sadly they only had an apple cinnamon bread pudding that ended up being pretty tasty. We ordered the crawfish bread which was very yummy. Really cheesy. I also had the peach solstice sangria and it was wonderful. My friend ordered the bayou tea and I was much more satisfied with the amount of alcohol that hers had, I will probably order that one next time. Our server ALLISON was awesome!!! She was super polite and very knowledgeable about what was good on the menu. 
I was a little upset about the menu being different than the Landry's on the lake, but overall I really enjoyed my night.Great food. Great ambience. Great views of the French Quarter. 
Felicia was a great and attentive server. Great recommendations. 
Loved the Nawlins Punch.
Well worth the time and money.  Memorable.The food was really good. The service we received from Steve was even better. I really enjoyed their twist on the Old Fashioned drink. The shrimp avocado toast was good as well. We enjoyed our meals today.DELICIOUS FOR DELIVERY. Shrimp and grits. Fried shrimp with fries and onion straws. Delivered hot within time window. We appreciated not having to get dressed today and enjoyed our 3pm early dinner. Would repeat!Service was horrible.  We waited for 45 minutes in line to be seated in a section with a person that most likely was a dishwasher the day before. He had no idea how to serve people and keep a rhythm.This review is not about the food, but I have been here twice on our trip for their drinks and view. They are along the river and it is a nice atmosphere at the bar on the second floor. Both days the bartenders were friendly and nice but their drinks were the best we had! Try the hurricane and the mango mojito.The shrimp corn bisque is the best I've ever eaten. That sums up this restaurant.  Food was great! Server was less than tentative. Atmosphere inviting! If your in Jackson Square worth your time to check this place outWe had our worst dining experience in a week of New Orleans French Quarter meals, here at Landry's. 30 minutes to get our drinks. Entree came before the appetizer. Food was passable but nothing special. Never got the requested cocktail sauce. In all, a very disappointing last meal in the Big Easy.EXCELLENT SERVICE. EXCELLENT FOOD. Marvin was our server and didn't disappoint. We had crab hushpuppes for app. DELISH. Lobster for dinner with double mashed potatoes loaded. DELISH. Crab cakes. DELISH. Shrimp. DELISH. Chocolate cake. DELISH.This was a nice spot . I walked past randomly after touring. The vibe was nice so I came in. I had the bbq oysters and my dad had the shrimp. It was delicious. My dad also had the Bayou tea. The server was attentive and helpful. I would definitely come back ! It was a great stop! When I return I'd love to try more on the menu.The food was very tasty. The oysters were fried to perfection! Loved the atmosphere. The upstairs dining area would be perfect for a private "lit" party!!! Will definitely return!I cannot believe this is happening right now. I ordered my food over a month in advance with a group of people. It has now been OVER an HOUR and I have yet to receive my food. This has been- hands down- the worst dining experience of my life- and I've had my share. I wish I could shake everyone who tried to come in to "Landry's Seafood House" and tell them it isn't worth it. I wasted over $400 on food for me and five of my friends. Im upset, I'm broken-hearted, but most of all I feel cheated. To the employees at Landry's, I hope for your sake you quit waitressing forever and instead focus your time on something you're better at- such as hanging around on your "snapchat" and netflixing your friends or whatever it is you do that takes you away from giving my friends and I our food. The food here is really good though so five stars for that!Nice location to sit and have a nice bit with my family. Food service was prompt and our server was awesome. The manager was nice enough to get me a menu signed by the staff as a birthday gift. Definitely will return there.I have always heard so many great things about this restaurant, so I decided to give it a try today. BIG mistake. The food was awful! The blackened shrimp pasta had zero taste; it was very bland. I took one bite. The crawfish bread was just okay. Once I arrived with my mother, we were literally the only patrons. Another lady arrived maybe 40 minutes after we were there. It took an hour for the food to arrive, even with us being the only ones there. I did, however, appreciate the friendliness of the staff. After complaining about my food, the manager did come out to speak to me about it and left the pasta off of the bill. Despite their hospitality, I will not be a return customer.Great food however this location was super noisy and being seated near the upstairs outdoor area created the A/C Lacking !This was a big disappointment.  I knew going in it was a chain restaurant but figured with four kids that was a safer bet than the local cuisine.  The menu wasn't very good, the service was slow, and the atmosphere sad and sloppy.  Food was marginal at best.The staff were nice and helpful and good to hear the new orleans draw in the voice. The food was delicious and hot so you no it went straight from the kitchen to the table. The gumbo in particular was a savory and flavor filled bite with healthy lumps of crab, andouille, and shrimp. The BBQ Shrimp was very tasty and the bread was un beatable with the sauce. The margarita was very tasting with a very good serving of tequila. Would recommend for anyone.The service was excellent the host was friendly as well and let us know this was her first day my boyfriend love the mint mule so much he had 3 my captains punch and berry sangria was very tastey now when it comes to the food I wasnt too happy the lobster was good but tiny as hell,the crab bruschetta had to much going on taste more like Cole slaw so did the shrimp lettuce wrap its was more like a cold salad my bf love the spring promotional fried oysters they were very good the crawfish bread was tastey a little over toasted but the flavor was nice..thus ppc has alot of great ideas but not excuted to well now dnt get me wrong I would come here for drinks due to them having a variety and the ones my bf and I had were very good I looked at the table to the right of me and I see tht they left alot of their food alsoService was amazing and our server was beyond sweet. Food took a very long time considering the restaurant was empty. Once it arrived, only half of our food arrived. The food was sub par and I am sad that I used one of my meals in NOLA on this place.Best restaurant in French Quarter. Me and friends went here for lunch during our visit for Essence Fest. The red beans and rice was amazing! We decided to return on our last day in New Orleans. I had the crab cakes this time and I was NOT disappointed! The crab cakes had little to no breading which is awesome, because most restaurants skimp on the crab meat and you end up eating mostly breading. My friends had the corn bisque with crab meat. They were pleasantly surprised and happy with their meal as well. We'll be visiting again next year!After a rainy day in NOLA, Landry's came as a welcomed surprise! We were looking for REAL cajun cuisine and found it here!! Our server Michael was fantastic and made sure we were well taken care of. He even brought me a creme brulee with a candle for my birthday! Way to go Michael!! Thanks for making my day special!Wtf is this portion!? I havent eaten from this yet. This is what was placed infront of me and my group. These people are clearly making a wicked profit. Seriously some chef or cooks put this in the hands of waiters to bring out to customers and no one said anything. You should all be ashamed!!!!Won't be disappointed if you get dirty rice.
My tour guide took us here near the end of a food tour. She said this place was a must try! 
5/5 dirty ricePros: great location and cool decor
Cons: terrible service!
We got seated at a table upstairs after a short 5min wait. We sat for 20min without being spoken to by a single staff member despite 5 servers walking around and interacting with other tables. Not even a nod of acknowledgement that we were sitting there waiting. We noticed the table next to us walked out, leaving half-drunk sodas and menus still on their table. I assume they had the same problem. We gave it another 5 minutes and then left as well. 
Menu looked delicious but didn't have a chance.Only came in for drinks, but boy were they good! Ordered a peach solstice sangria--AMAZING. The bartender was a sweetheart and didn't rush me to order a drink. Also, she was fun to talk to while I waited for my friends. If you're there for the food, definitely come in for drinks.My son and I ate here for Lunch . We had oysters RF  and fried green tomatoes for appetizers and shrimp fresco and stuffed shrimp for our main . All tasted about the same. Just down the middle . Cute and clean but nothing special. Service was average as well.I went to this Landry's location for my birthday on yesterday. We waited about 45 mins down stairs just to go upstairs and they told us a 5 -10 min wait because no one down stairs had referred the message to them upstairs. So we sit down and the waiter tells us they are out of clean glasses did we was a plastic cup we said that was fine. The appetizer came it was PERFECT then the food came 2 people in my party ordered a shrimp and fish combeaux with fries they only had about 7 fries LITERALLY! When we told the waiter he said he doesn't fix the food so that wasn't his problem. So about 10 mins in i look up and see a small rat i didn't make a big deal i told the waiter and he told me that it was a 300 year old city and that was normal. I then asked for the manager by the time he came i seen 2 more small rats and 1 big one. I didn't eat much of my food by this point because i had lost my appetite and i simply asked him to take that off my ticket he sat there and made the comment that he heard we had "a visitor" and trying to make me and everyone in my party feel like eating with rats was a normal thing to do. I wouldn't not recommend nobody go here unless you enjoy eating with rats!Got us in on a reservation within an hour, even though there was some miscommunication when we arrived between the staff and who had taken the reservation. The food was fantastic. I'd say a tad pricey for what we had but the service was beyond fantastic and our server Stephen was on point. Also impressed with how well the staff worked as a team taking care of our table.  All in all a good experience, just a bit on the steep side.Apart from the salads, the food is not that good. The servers are slow and mess up orders (and forget to bring water when requested).People always say this places isn't good. But honestly everybody have differ tastebuds! I actually like this place a lot! The food is pretty good! The bbq shrimp  appetizer is cook just right! Oysters rockafella is plump and creamy. Crab dip is amazing!!! Crab cake... They are not greedy about  the crabs at all! The crawfish bread is a must get!!! Landry fettuccine is great! Avocado lump crab salad is refreshing! Boiled seafood is good. Scallops are really salty though. And rib eye is cook perfect. I don't mind  coming back at all.Excellent broiled stuffed shrimp with Pontchartrain sauce. Nice atmosphere on the marina.We came late last night for a few drinks and apps, as we had already eaten dinner.  We still wanted to sample a few things, though.  
My wife isn't a big seafood eater due to an allergy scare with octopus a few years ago, so she ordered onion straws with tempura fried peppers.  I just had a half dozen oysters, since I hadn't ordered any yet in the city.  
The oysters were big, meaty, and delicious.  Served with hot sauce, lemon, and spicy horseradish.  Hard to mess up right?  The onion straws unfortunately were not hot, I could tell they had been fried probably 10-15 minutes prior to us ordering them.  Small details like something as simple as making food to order will make or break an experience.  
The drinks were good, but 6 bucks a pop for a well.  Come on..  
Our server was great!   Attentive, nice, and fast despite her being very busy.  
I would like to come back and try a few entrées, perhaps on my next visit to the city.  I'm a seafood lover, and the rest of the menu looked delicious.  3 stars for serving cold fried onions.Awesome food the best seafood I have never tasted. never had seafood that was so fresh and tastes so good. Location and service was great. Will go back every time I go to New Orleans.Omg this place was amazing. The cedar plank salmon was perfect the backend catfish was the best I've ever had. The crab cakes were melt in your mouth delicious. But really, the best part was our server, Jimmy what a pleasure. So friendly and so knowledgeable of the menu. Definitely my favorite meal of my trip to new Orleans :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)Always a beautiful view, clean and decent atmosphere, along with good service with OK to pretty good food, but last night didn't make the cut. I ordered blackened salmon that came with a house salad that looked and tasted far from fresh, a side of rice that was dry and brown on the outside yet soft on the inside, likely from sitting out a while under lights or being reheated over and over. The green beans varied in color and texture, some bright green and fresh, some brown and meh. The salmon itself was pretty good. My date said his meal was fine when I asked, but he didn't seem to like it very much.
I've been here a few times and I've had the fried seafood dishes in the past -seems to be more their specialty.This is the best of the Tilman Fertitta's chain, out of Galveston/Houston.  We eat here off-and-on.
The food, drinks, selections, & table service are all very good; way better than other locations of same chain.  Even better than Tilman's home unit on Galveston Island.
Parking good, views very nice, & great bar.  Folks wear everything from suit & tie to shorts & flops.
I don't usually recommend chain restaurants, but this is an exception, and has been consistently good.Went to eat at lunch. We were not disappointed. We started with oyster Rockefeller . It was really good. We had blackened Amber jack and red snapper. They brought us a good salad and bread. My blackened amberjack was good but i thought blackened meant cooked in a hot skillet and blackened but they explain that it was only the seasoning. Other than that the meal was exceptionalThis location has a lot of history for me. I went here a lot growing up when it was a Joe's Crab Shack and I was glad to see that it has been reincarnated since the storm. 
To me, Joe's was always about the view over the food. When I had heard Landry's had taken over the location, I had hoped that they would provide some better quality food. 
My one experience with this location since it became a Landry's was just OK. Granted it was late on a weeknight and we had a large group, so maybe what we got was not their A game. I was looking to get my fix of good fried seafood while in town, so I order the seafood platter. When it came out, it seemed soggy like it had sat up in the heat lamp for a while. The waitress was a little unresponsive too. 
I'll give it another shot.After my last experience, which was less than favorable a representative from corporate reached out to me to try and rectify the situation. I spoke with the general manager and made plans to visit upon my return to New Orleans several months later...I'm happy I did. The service was much improved, management was extremely pleasant and my waiter was extremely attentive and knowledgeable. Based on this experience, I would visit Landry's again. 
I increased my score, but not as much as I'd like, as the new score overrides the last. The service was much improved, but not enough to completely forget the terrible experience I had the first time around.We love Landry's. We've been going there for a long time. However, they have recently made some drastic changes to their menu which we hate. The head chef assured us that he was working on getting some of our favorites back though. I must say too that your experience is largely based on your server. It's not one of those places where the food is so awesome that you would bypass the quality of service....Although, very good...we personally have been asking for Jared our last few visits and each time our visit was flawless....even though he made us cheat on our diet with that sinful bananas foster.....so worth the tummy ache from my dairy/lactose  intolerance though.....lol!!! Thanks Jared and Chef for being so accommodating. We appreciate you both :)DO NOT TELL THE SERVER YOU ARE USING A GIFT CARD!!! One of my clients gave me $100 gift card that I used for our anniversary dinner. Wife and I were feeling great, since the meal was essentially free we were gonna make the server's day by leaving a fat tip!
Alas, we couldn't do it. We could not in good conscience reward such shit service. 
Brought out salad... No cutlery so we ate the salad like chips, dipping leaves in the dressing by hand. Server walked by a few times and watched us eating the salad by hand.... didn't even blink. Water wasn't refilled once and it seemed like she actively ignored us. 
By the time the food came out, waited... Waited and nothing. Still no forks, spoons or knives. Finally I had to just  ask her for it. 
We thought she was maybe having a bad day(gotta give people the benefit of the doubt) but her interactions with other guest were totally opposite of ours. 
This was perhaps the most infuriating part. Seeing her give attentive, quality service to a table of older 40s-50s year olds. Btw, Wife is 24 and I am 34.
We have another OpenTable gift card but after the quality of service received for having it... My advice: wait til the end of the meal to reveal it(despite the directions which state to let them know you'll be using one before you order).
Will not visit any of the Landry's location or affiliates. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice...My hospital had a sponsored dinner at this restaurant which I was really excited to try. I've always heard Landry's was delicious in other cities, being a large chain and all. The restaurant is quite large and has a semi private room. There is also a nice bar and it is right along the lake front with a great view. My work had a nice 3 course meal which I ordered: 
1. Gumbo: delicious! Huge chunks of sausage, chicken, beef and seafood. It wasn't too salty or too heavy like I've had in the past. 
2. Blackened fish: The fish was cooked nicely with it's crunchy exterior and flaky interior. The rice it came with was also delicious. However, the sauce on the fish wasn't great. I felt it would have been better without it or on the side with the rice. 
3. Apple bread pudding: Below average. I liked the chunks of apple with it but the slice was pretty small and didn't taste it bread pudding. It was more cakey with some caramel sauce which was unevenly spread between different orders. My friend had a bunch on his and I barely had any on mine. 
Overall, the food was ok. Pretty average restaurant. The food was good but nothing to rave about. The restaurant itself was quite nice and the service was good. Good if you're in the area and like a nice view while eating.Food was good, just not for the price. Cool atmosphere. I'm guessing we paid more because of the view. One question- Do they not have bussers?Brought a group of 15 here.  
Fantastic service.....great prices and everyone loved the food.  
Loved the stuffed jalapeño!!!My wife and have dined here numerous times and are members of the Landry's Select Club. I can't say that I have ever had a bad experience. We have visited just the two if us and with large groups. The wait staff is always capable of keeping up. If the weather is nice we sit on the gallery with a view of the lake. As with a lot of restaurants their liquor selection could use some expansion. Of course there are plenty of fruity vodka and rum drinks, but no top shelf Bourbon or Scotch.Only thing this restaurant has going for them is the atmosphere . From drinks to food, all around bad. Mojito tasted like lemonade. Oysters on half shell more like oysters out of bucket and placed on pretty half shell... Bland and disgusting! Slipped right out of shell, another words were never actually in there. Entrees were buttered and bland, tasted frozen. Fried seafood better from a grocery store. I never write bad reviews but this was bad. And wayyyyy overpriced, wow!Ok food. I've eaten here a few times and once you realize that you are paying for location and ambiance then it's not bad. Great service and view but it is a chain and that shows in food. Raw oysters had something missing.My first time here and I loved it. I was hesitant at first because it is a chain restaurant and it is expensive. But I ordered the crab cake with bbq shrimp and grits. I was hesitant at first because I only trust my grandma and my mom to make shrimp and grits but it was sooooo good. The crab cake was moist but a little crunchy on the outside, the shrimps were juicy and seasoned really good, and the grits were creamy and seasoned just right. Our server was the best he made a peach drink (I forgot the name) for me, gave us Caesar salads, and bread with butter. By the time we left I was so stuffed I felt like a turkey on thanksgiving. I will most definitely be back soon. But one thing I can say, the best time to come when it isn't crowded is during the weekday, if you decide to go on the weekends (especially the first week of the month) it will be PACKED.1dozen raw oysters $20.
THAT'S REDICULOUS
I looked at the rest of the menu after I received the bill and everything was overpriced.Way, way, way too expensive for what it actually is. I came here with a huge group so I had an opportunity to try a bunch of things and honestly? I wasn't blown away by any of it.
Zucchini fries, oyster bar trash, crab cakes, and the fried seafood platters were just okay. The crawfish garlic bread was pretty good, and my favorite thing we got, but it definitely wasn't worth making a special trip here. I had the fried shrimp, and I felt like I could have paid half as much for the same meal at Popeyes. 
Our server was easily the best part of this dinner.Steven was our bartender Saturday.  Great service and friendly.  We ordered shrimp enbrochette.  Amazing and I love the sauce that cam with it.  Fried green tomatoes were okay.  I was not a huge fan of the batter.  My friend and I split the avocado and crab meat salad.  Very good.  Will be back soon!The location is fantastic with great views which is why the restaurant seems to over charge for its food.  Don't get me wrong, the food was great, but considering the portion size and the fact that the restaurant is part of a chain, $25 to $30 a plate seems a bit high. Furthermore, when asked about swapping out the sides, they seem to want to nickle and dime you on what you can and can't trade out.  The wait staff, though was great.  Overall, not sure if I'll go back for dinner.  Maybe lunch.My boyfriend and I decided to eat here for the Fourth of July and because it was close to Lake Pontratrain. I didn't Yelp it or anything before so I was nervous because I'm that kind of person to Yelp every place before I go somewhere new. 
First impression it was upscale and the menu was as well so hopefully the food lived up to it. I loved the dining area because it has a gorgeous view of the lake and yachts floating by all around the restaurant and I'm a sucker for dinner with a view! It's definitely a romantic place to eat or celebrate a special day. 
Now for the food.. To start the Louisiana Crawfish Bread caught my eye for the appetizers. The waiter then came up shortly and suggested that same appetizer I was thinking about and that pushed me to order it. Gosh let me tell you, it was amazing! It was just perfect in texture and flavor. It had the right amount of crunch, crawfish, and though it had a lot of buttery cheesy flavor it wasn't the overwhelming kind at all. They gave us complimentary bread and butter afterward and the butter was to die for! I was in pure bliss by this moment having the same expectations for the entrees. We ordered the Landry's gumbo and the scallops and as expected we were not let down. The gumbo was awesome and the perfect portion. It's a perfect dish to get when you're not that hungry for real food, like my boyfriend was. The scallops with the sautéed spinach, cherry tomatoes, and rice that I ordered... Just exquisite. Something about that combination was just so spot on and just what I needed. 
My first experience here was truly lovely and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a higher end, delicious seafood restaurant in New Orleans.Horrible horrible food very greasy  and the fried oysters and shrimp were dry and they had two compartments one small and one  big on each plate and they both had ketchup in them as if they thought we didn't know the difference between ketchup and cocktail sauce... I will never be back here again. The only good thing about the place is that its on the lake and the viewsView is awesome, food and service, ehh! If you have ate at other Landrys you will be disappointed with the food and service. The server dropped off loafs of bread in paper bags for a party of eight, terrible bread and staff attitude. If you want the view stand outside and look then go somewhere else to eat.All I can say is our waitress was great...Kaylee, Kailee, Kaylie, Cayleigh.....however you spell it, was amazing. We had a table of 10 and she took care of us almost entirely by herself. Great sense of humor, which you have to have when dealing with 10 old guys, and on the spot with drinks. Food was good, stuffed flounder came out a little dry around the edges but no one really had any complaints. If you go, ask for her she was a sweetie and cute to boot.I'd recommend coming here as the sun sets. Gorgeous venue with great service.
We went in a large group and tried a good deal of appetizers, all of which were lovely. I'd HIGHLY recommend the crab, spinach, and artichoke dip and the calamari.
Plenty of different cocktails, and a varied menu of seafood options. The crabcakes with shrimp and grits were stellar---and enough for incredible leftovers the following day.I love this place and i love this bar. Best happy hour! Finally good happy hour food and wine. View is awesome. Its trendy. I like it and Im really picky. My family likes it so its a great place to meet with them. And if i ever read a review that says go to live bait for seafood over landrys i might just die.I give Landry's 3.5 stars.
I had eaten at Landry's before years ago, and didn't really care for it.  Today was a different experience.
Since it's right down the street from work, I selected it as a convenient place to take some cients out to lunch.  The weather was beautiful, so we sat out on the deck!
Our waitress was efficient and courteous. No complaints.
For my lunch, I had the crab and avocado salad.  It comes tossed with a creamy herb dressing.  It was absolutely delicious.  Others at the table had blackened redfish, etouffee, oyster poboy, and parmesan breaded shrimp over pimento cheese grits.  Everyone was really happy with their meal.
The only downside that I could point out is value.  The prices are VERY, VERY high.  At entrée prices in the $20-$30 range for lunch, I wouldn't visit again for lunch or dinner (unless the boss man was paying again).  They do offer a couple of 2-course lunch options for $15, but everything else is on the high side.
I must note, that they have a great happy hour M-Th 4-7, and Friday 3-6 with drink and food specials.  I'll definitely visit again for happy hour, because the food was good, and the view is unbeatable!Terrible terrible terrible food.  A place like this is what I don't want tourists talking about because the food isn't good.  I had a shrimp pasta and the noodles were overcooked but the shrimp was cold.  The only plus was that the server was pretty nice.Went for happy hour. The food selection was great but the alcoholic drinks were pretty much juice. Didn't taste a bit of alcohol.... overall would def go back to take advantage of the food but drink somewhere else.The food is consistent, but the staff is not. If you have a good waiter/ waitress your experience will be good. If you have someone new, it may not be. We tend to have a usual waiter after several bad experiences.This has got to be one of the best happy hour spots I've been to. Cheap drinks and food while being able to see the lake from three sides. Beautiful sunsets. I always get the little seafood balls and a few beers. I wish the cut off time on Fridays wasn't 6pm though.Because of a previous encounter I took my whole family here for Mother's Day. It turned out to be a big mistake. We waited for 1hr 55min to be seated....not expected we got over that with anticipation of good dinning.  I wanted oysters and fish but was told by the waiter that it was only available in a sea food platter because of Mother's Day, so I order that and my wife the same.  When the food finally came it had no oysters, and only 4 pieces of fish strips (not whole fillet's) about 8 shrimp and 15 french fries. I asked the waiter why and he said they ran out of oysters and he would give me additional fish or shrimp because of that.  I also complained about the small portions, and was given a small plate of french fries.  This was a bigger disappointment than the long wait.  Instead of ruining the day completely I accepted a small bowl of gumbo in place of the missing oysters.  When the gumbo arrived it had a burnt taste.  At that point I saw no hope for redemption for this meal. The food was unusually bland.  Needless to say I've eaten better tasting food at McDonald's not to mention the $250.00 dollars it cost me.  For my Mother's Day experience it doesn't even rate one star.  This place was horribleMy best friend and I visit this location 6/28/18. We were on a girl's trip vacation. We always wanted to try this restaurant. This was both of our first time at restaurant but also my first time in N.O. I must tell you Justin (our waiter) make it all worth while. Please ask for him if you visit this restaurant. He is very professional and attentive to the customers needs. Top notch customer services. We had a hard time choosing entrees but Justin was very helpful and knowledgeable of the menu. The food was amazing and shout out to the cooks. Love this location and can't wait to go back. Keep up the great work Justin!! Please go see him because you will not be disappointed. ThanksLandry's offers a chain restaurant's tepid presentation of what used to be a bustling and exuberant celebration of traditional Louisiana seafood in the lakeview/west end area. Thanks, Katrina. This is what you left us with? The view, however, is stunning... almost worth the price of admission alone. 
Atmosphere: Clean, fairly spacious, tons of windows for taking in the sumptuous view of Lake Ponchartrain. 
Service: Better than I expected. Friendly, upbeat, and comfortable giving honest advice on highs and lows of the menu. Any mistakes were corrected expeditiously, from a stuffed crab served instead of a soft shell crab, to a singular fried oyster that fell to the floor from a fried seafood platter while being delivered. Yes, the waitress actually came back to the table with one extra replacement fried oyster. I never had to ask for refills on water or iced tea. I was with a large party of about 15 people. The effort it takes to attend to all these details with a single large party of patrons is not lost upon me. Kudos.
Food: Ok this is what you're actually here for, right?
- Fried green tomatoes appetizer: Cornmeal battered, served as a warm presentation with a crawfish and andouille sauce (not cream based, tasted as though it were thickened slightly with flour or a blonde roux). This is an odd way to serve to fried green tomatoes in my book from its concept. Something fried should have an element of acidity to balance the richness: ketchup with fries, the pickles in tartar sauce for fried seafood, the squeeze of lemon over the same, etc. And in this case, no the fried tomatoes themselves did not serve well in this role. That said, even if the presentation is flawed from the start, the sauce is forgettable. There is no discernible crawfish flavor (I'd bet money these are Chinese crawfish), the andouille is also of questionable quality and little flavor. The fried green tomatoes themselves were just fine, but were clobbered and lost in the boring sauce. Not outright bad, but far from memorable.
- Fresh fish with Melissa Topping: I ordered drum, as it was the only fish I could be assured of that was delivered to the restaurant daily. It can be fried, grilled, broiled, or sautéed. It can also be ordered with blackened or lemon pepper seasoning if you like. Mine would be sautéed drum without additional seasoning blends with the Melissa Topping, which is a dry sautéed combination of tail-on shrimp, scallop, a couple slices of button mushroom, and a couple lumps of crabmeat. The waitress suggested a bit of lemon butter sauce as well, an offer which I readily accepted; otherwise my reaction surely would have been "where's the sauce?" The fish was fresh, but under-seasoned, overcooked, and dry. The Melissa Topping also could have used some seasoning, a splash of white wine in the pan and a bit of salt would've fixed everything. At least the scallops weren't fishy (I was nervous about this). Sides included sautéed green beans, under-seasoned but thankfully not overcooked, and "dirty rice," which bore little flavor or resemblance to actual dirty rice.
- Bananas Foster: I did not order this, but be aware: two crepes filled with ice cream, topped with slices of raw banana, a drizzle of caramel sauce, and a couple squirts of whipped topping (as in "cool whip," NOT whipped cream) .....quite simply does not bananas foster make, not by a long shot. Talk about lost in translation. Call it crepes a la banane; call it a banana split; call it banana surprise; but do not call it bananas foster, please. Yikes!
- Key lime pie: This I did order. Apparently they do make their own; however, if it is made in-house or rather if it comes from the central Landry's kitchen warehouse in Kansas or wherever I simply do not know. I expect a good key lime pie to have a bright, pungent key lime character. Consistent with the rest of the menu, its flavor was tepid. Again, not bad or unpalatable, but very forgettable.
Overall, Landry's seafood may have had its historical roots in Lafayette, La; however, the company severed all such ties when it became publicly traded and nationally located. Ultimately, this is the equivalent of a Louisiana-themed Red Lobster, minus the biscuits. Do not expect anything more than that. If you are in New Orleans, why on earth are you at a national seafood *chain restaurant* anyway? A family reunion? Well, ok, you get a pass for that one. This place ain't cheap either. My drum with the topping alone was over $30. I could get something similar of far superior quality at one of the Brennans' restaurants for the same price or less. Otherwise, my only other reflection is... location, location, location! This place has that in spades. The view is amazing. Everything else is not.Love the happy hour specials.   You have to order at the bar though to get the happy hour menu.  But that's perfectly alright, the staff are friendly and It has floor to ceiling windows that overlook the lake. If you don't want to eat at the bar or at one of the tables by the window you can take your drinks outside onto the deck and take a seat.  Everything I've tried I've loved.  Prices are on the high side during regular hours but still great service and food.Service was fantastic but their food is lackluster. It could be since they are a chain restaurant. 
I've had better fried seafood at a local Mom and Pop restaurant. I did enjoy their house salad dressing though.Love the ambiance overlooking the lake. Speaking of lake, I ordered the fresh catch which was Talapia, baked, and topped with crab. It was served with Louisiana green beans and a fresh salad.
This is a large meal and it was very, very tasty. The fish was firm and served with a very light white sauce. I do not know the specifics of Louisiana green beans but they were very, very good, too.
My wife had her usual deep fried shrimp dinner. Well pleased as usual.You have better selections than this one. Skip it. There were 2 special drinks ads on each table but they were out of both (had to ask the waitress and she had to check with the bar before she could tell me). The food order went wrong, I had ordered crab cakes dinner and got crab cakes starter. Table was ok clean. Food took a while and was so-so, not bad but not great. I thought this was NO style food but it became clear after a couple of days that NO is much better than this.Our waiter was great, attentive and really took care  of us.... but..... why would you put the shrimp tails in the cocktail sauce????OK the view from the balcony is fantastic.  Really fun to watch the rich and shameless maneuvering their yachts through the canal.  Really lovely.
Then came the food - with paper orders lodged firmly under the crab cakes.  You can see the marks of the fingers in the crab cake.  Now I know the hands were probably in food service gloves, but you shouldn't see the marks on the food - especially at these prices.  Have some class.
Fish was average, vegetables and rice tasteless.  I can get much better Cajun food at better prices.  Not going back.My date took me to Landry's last week for my birthday. We went around 9:00 pm for dinner. There wasn't a wait and that was good considering it was the Thursday before Essence Festival weekend. 
We got a nice table next to a window and I ordered the Oyster Bar Trash which was blackened shrimp, lump crab meat, white rice and a butter/lemon sauce. It was outstanding! I also ordered shrimp fettuccine with alfredo. I was NOT impressed. I had to request more alfredo sauce which was bland. Bertolli makes an excellent alfredo sauce in a jar that cost about $3.00. I should have ordered another appetizer and skipped the entree. Next time I will. My meal came with a salad and I ordered a loaded baked potato also. Everything was great except for the shrimp alfredo. Aside from flavorless sauce there were more blackened shrimp so that made up for it. My date had a simple bacon cheeseburger which came with fries and onion strings. 
We got the salad and appetizer promptly but had to wait about an hour for our meal which was frustrating since they were not crowded. 
I didn't like the fact that after we received the check the waitress came back to collect the money. It hadn't been five minutes. Then she loitered around our table waiting for us to leave. Not sure what that was about.
In the future, I will stick to the bar for happy hour and appetizers which have always worked out in the past.Sat outside with a great view. Service was very attentive. Cold beer and good drinks. 
Food was very good and the deserts were delicious. Great time had by all. 
Thanks guys and we will be backA decent place for some Cajun seafood. The crawfish bread was superb and something you definitely must get. The calamari was good and so were the accompanying sauces. We also got the seafood gumbo which was good but mediocre. The redfish etouffee and sirloin were good as well for what you would expect at a chain store. The "fresh catch of the day" red snapper had to be sent back. There was an off taste and smell for the fish almost sour. Good place for some Cajun food but it felt like a Cajun version of Joe's Crab Shack.Went last night...bar/happy hour/service bad/food nothing to write home about/not impressed/definitely NOT best maitai ever (as menu states)We've always enjoyed the food, the drinks and especially the view! Must try the bread pudding! It's divine!!My parents like to eat here when the visit because it's pretty much the only restaurant left with a view of the lake. Usually we go for lunch after playing golf at City Park or visiting the art museum.
Our waiter today was slow and a little unsure of himself, but things improved when my dad got him to come out of his shell a bit. We all ate appetizers. My dad had the oyster bar debris, which he was very pleased with. My mom had the stuffed shrimp, which looked great and came on a bed of fried onion strings. I ate a few of those and loved them. I had the three seafood salad plate. The crab and avocado salad was excellent and the shrimp remoulade nice. The third part, salmon roulades, was sort of disappointing because they had clearly been frozen and the cream cheese stuffing had crystallized.
We finished sharing a slice of key lime pie. Pretty good filling, nice and tart, but the crust had gone a little soggy.
I recommend the signature mango mojito for a drink. It's tasty.Jimmy treated us right!!! His service was outstanding and he really made sure that my wife's food allergy was handled appropriately. The food was outstanding. Had the gumbo and wanted to lick the bowl. Both of our meals were prepared exactly to our liking and extremely delicious. The entire experience was well worth the drive.I was here the other night with a very large group. 
I had the amberjack and it was fantastic.  (Although I was so full, I couldn't get very far with it!) I had filled up on oysters, salad, and bread before my entree came. 
Service was fantastic.  
The ambiance is quite lovely on Lake Pontchartrain, with views of sailboats, and of course the lighthouse.  I really enjoyed dining here, after having been cooped up in a conference facility with bright lights and no natural sunlight all day.The ambience is great. The drinks at the bar were good. The service was ok. Now the food, I've had better. I had the barbecue shrimp as an appetizer and it was delicious. The fried stuffed shrimp was ok.  I don't think I'll be back, other than for drinks and the beautiful view.2 stars because the food was GREAT! 
The location and view from the restaurant are AMAZINGLY BREATHTAKING. We sat outside on the patio deck and enjoyed our dinner with the great summer breeze.
Everything about the service was awful! The hostess, the waiter, all the way up to the manager were not friendly and barely accommodating. It took us almost 20 minutes to get seated (not busy at all). We almost had to beg to sit outside and we were met with attitude and did not feel welcomed. 
REVIEW UPDATE: The Assistant Manager of Landrys on the Lake reached out to me today via telephone. His name was Jared. Ironically, the night we had a our horrible experience at the end of our dinner we were addressed by a rude, nonchalant Assistant Manager named Jared (same guy). He did not even remember the situation or our dining experience and the horrible service we received!Haven't been here in a very long time.  Came here for happy hour Thursday!  Both bar tenders were extremely friendly and attentive.  The drinks were great and at fantastic prices!Food was amazing,  found myself scrapping my plate , our waiter jimmy was great very helpful and didnt find my needing anything he had it all coveredYou have to get the crawfish bread, It's so delicious! Our first time here and food and service was great. Rob was our server and he helped us with everything: appetizer, wine and entree. He did an amazing job and made our experience better. Great recommendations, great food and we absolutely loved it. I can't want to come back.Awesome food & service! Everything was prepared hot & fresh not to mention very tasty & flavorful. One of the best seafood restaurants I've ever eaten at.Don't bother making a reservation, they really don't care and you are just thrown in the mix with the walk in'sDrinks? Yes.
Food? No.  Go to Bucktown to Live Bait or Deanies or anywhere on  Harrison Avenue instead.  This place is not known for its food, and I wouldn't eat here after one experience I had years ago at the French Quarter location.  It is an overpriced, mediocre, and insulting attempt to replicate New Orleans food on a chain restaurant scale.  The paradox should speak for itself.
That said, I do enjoy going here for drinks with friend from work on a pretty day. The deck is UNMATCHED in this area.One of the great aspects that New Orleans is infamously known for is it's seafood. As any local knows, their are several spots to find in the city and one of those spots is bound to be for you. 
Landry's is one of the more popular options for many locals but my taste buds were actually in for a different mood. So I took a stab and tried "Landry's Chicken Fettuccine Pasta"...which actually took me for a surprise. The Chicken was deliciously seasoned however I wish there was a slightly more portion size of the blackened chicken. The pasta itself was surprisingly scrumptious as well (the entree come with peas and the peas actually meshed well with the dish!). 
Prior to that we received warm, soft bread in a bag with butter which also was quite the treat. 
The overall ambiance of the facility is spectacular. Not to many food establishments in the city have quite a view of the boat docks on Lake Ponchatrain. The option for outside seating is also available. 
Parking is ample so it shouldn't be an issue.
Would I come back? Sure. For interested parties that aren't quite in the mood for seafood, know that there is a delicious alternative for you here.I really love the grilled oyster. Usually I do not like it and it was the first time I tried the grilled one. And the bread with some shrimp is also lovely but I do not know its name. The sauce is great.
The beer is also good.
Most importantly, you can see the lake while you are sitting in the restaurant.This place has a very relaxing by the ocean feeling. I felt like I was on vacation. The food here is very fresh from the cocktails to the seafood. The must trys are the lobsters and crab dishes. The shrimps are really good too. All in all a really nice place for a romantic date or relaxing getaway.The oysters were, eh, but they are sort of seasonal... The rest of the food was awesome, we had no wait, and the service was great. A little pricey, but this is to be expected with seafood.We went to dinner last night at 7 without a reservation and were able to get a table immediately. We had the best service! Our server Rachel was attentive, fast and super accommodating. She gave lots of attention to the kids, and she ensured that they were happy and fed quickly. Wonderful wonderful mealThis was my first time at this restaurant and I had an amazing time. We ordered the seafood platter and salmon. The food was on point and was incredible. This was one of the best salmon I had ever had. Most importantly the waiter was GREAT. He was super attentive even though he seemed busy. He said it was his third day working there but he was really good at his job. Since I was visiting my girlfriend here we asked for recommendations for brunch and night life and he suggested tons for us to do.  I definitely recommend this place. Even though it is a bit expensive the view, food and service makes it all worth it.
The picture doesn't do justice. I started eating and realized I wanted to take a picture so it looks a bit messy.2 stars because the food was GREAT! 
The location and view from the restaurant are AMAZINGLY BREATHTAKING. We sat outside on the patio deck and enjoyed our dinner with the great summer breeze.
Everything about the service was awful! The hostess, the waiter, all the way up to the manager were not friendly and barely accommodating. It took us almost 20 minutes to get seated (not busy at all). We almost had to beg to sit outside and we were met with attitude and did not feel welcomed.We went thinking there would be happy hour but they don't have it on the weekends. 
We were just in the mood for appetizers or a sandwich. 
We decided to get the fried green tomatoes Acadiana which had crawfish and sausage underneath each half of the tomato. These were very good and I would do them again. 
We also got the fish poboy that came with fries and onion straws. The sandwich was very big and plenty for us to split. 
I would rather come on the days and times happy hour is running to get the great appetizer prices and drink prices. 
The view is beautiful from this restaurant.Landry's Seafood in Lakeview (New Orleans) has a beautiful exterior (outstanding view of Lake Pontchartrain) and interior (probably prettier than 90% of the seafood restaurants in the city), the wait staff are enthusiastic and friendly, and the ambiance is there. I ordered the grilled shrimp (wonderful, with cream-gravy dirty rice and a huge, perfectly steamed piece of broccoli), and my dinner mates had seafood platters, which they remarked were quite good. We would return, here, and we recommend it. RJTAt the end of last week with my son and his girlfriend we had an excellent dinner at Landry's. We initially attempted to go to Deanies but it was packed and we did not want to wait 2 hours so we went around the corner and had an excellent meal here. We started off with the crawfish bread and shrimp appetizers and shared entrees of the seafood platter and crawfish etouffee. We ended with a dessert of Bananas Foster bread pudding which was excellent our waitress Karen and attentive manager Ruan provided for an excellent meal and I would suggest this to anyone seeking a nice environment overlooking the water with excellent serviceNice surroundings, good food, and reasonably priced for what you get, but feels and acts like the chain restaurant that it is. They move so many people through here that it feels like a cattle call. Hostesses have never been friendly and always try to seat you away from the windows. Servers are friendly and efficient but aggressive. Our server interrupted our meal, literally while we were eating our food, for nearly five minutes to try to hype joining their parent company's membership club. He kept jabbering until finally I just had to interrupt him and tell him I wasn't interested. He also launched into lengthy details about menu items (appetizers) that I didn't want. How about asking, "Are you interested in an appetizer?" instead of describing them in 500 words or more? I realize he was just doing what they've apparently told him to do, but it was irritating and intrusive. So my summary is: Why would anyone go here for seafood in New Orleans when there are so many wonderful, locally owned places with great food, history, and atmosphere? If it's for the view of the lake, personally I don't think it's worth it.Went for a family dinner and enjoyed every bit of it. The food was delicious. Very fast service. Will definitely return soon and ask for the same waiter as tonight. Jimmy was awesome. Helped us make dinner choices & very friendly. Couldn't have had a better waiter for our dining experience!This is incredible restaurant to bring the family, or hang out for happy hour after work. I love ,love the drinks especially Bayou tea but for those Rita drinkers the Patron Rita is the bomb too. Appetizers where do I start, the calamari and oyster bar trash  are the amazing. Wait staff are excellent, very knowledgeable about the menu. My waiter today was Justin and he made my experience enjoyable. I will be returning very soon.Landry's Seafood is way way overpriced and the food is average at best.  I got the fried seafood platter and was surprised on how little you get for $25. I could have gone to Deanies and got 2 or 3 times that amount for the same price.
The shrimp were tough and the food didnt have much taste. I would compare their seafood to Long John Silvers with a hefty price tag. 
If your looking for seafood, I would avoid Landrys and look elsewhere.Had an excellent meal with outstanding table service from Jimmy our waiter. Joined the Landry Select Club for future visits on the spot after Jimmy's presentation and explanation. 
This was not the first visit. Both the food and service were consistent with the first time's experience, which is one of the reasons we came back and brought out of town guests. They were please with the quality and quanity of food, as well as the service and the beautiful view of Lake Pontchartrain.My wife and I enjoyed a nice lunch date at Landry's! We chose to sit outside and enjoy the lake view on a beautiful day (which was wonderful minus the abundance of milkweed bugs). 
We started with the crawfish bread which was to die for! Then followed by their house salad which had an amazing mustard vinaigrette dressing. We shared a seafood platter (fried fish, oysters, and shrimp w/ fries and onion rings) and it was pretty good but not great. We also shared a crab cake sandwich that we seemed to favor over the seafood platter.
Our server was very friendly and attentive to our needs to the best of his ability, given  he had two other tables in this section outside. He was the only employee we even saw pass by our table so it can be a little difficult to flag someone down if you need something like a drink refill. Next time we will sit inside with a window view. 
Overall a well rounded experience and we will be back for some of that crawfish bread! Maybe the delicious looking banana's foster they had on display as well!WAAAAAY overpriced.  It was good, but not the best I've ever had, nice location, you can watch the yachts come in.We kept walking past this place and decided to try it. Our server, Kyle, was very enthusiastic - about selling us some type of membership where we could get discounts at several other restaurants. Once we told him were were not interested, things went downhill. Did we want water? Yes - then had to remind him to bring it. Was the $16 fried blue crab appetizer big enough to share? Sure - if you think splitting one crab between 2 adults is enough. For the price, we expected more (it was, however, very good). Fried seafood platter was fine, not bad but nothing special. Hubby's catfish dish was good. Entrees came with a salad - server asked us what type of dressing we'd like - then promptly forgot to bring it. Since he wasn't checking in on us we had to flag him down. This is a nice location, but needs to have more attentive service.Happy Hour is pretty good. Nice selection of HH drinks and food. Service is friendly and efficient.   They staff the bar to take care of the anticipated crowd. Tried several good options on the menu and they are all good.I went here solely to avoid parades and long lines at nearby restaurants and as expected other than the great location and view the experience was one to forget. The service was bad the food ok and the price not worth it. Why live in New Orleans and go to a chain seafood restaurant?