I've lived in New Orleans for 6 years but have never done a cooking class. I had a couple guests in town recently so we decided to do this one morning. The prices are reasonable (about $80 before tip for about 3 hours, but it seemed much longer). 
I went in with pretty low expectations but was completely blown away by my experience! Chef Tess was incredibly knowledgeable and informative not just with the cooking, but also the history and science behind the food, the terminology, the equipment, and the techniques. 
Amy Cyrex Sins (the owner) has put together a great family of employees who are all genuinely passionate about their work and their guests.
Not to mention the food was amazing (they give you all the recipes in a nice envelope too); the service was great (they serve one complimentary glass of champagne and appetizers for you to munch on throughout, and there is always someone there to refill your drink); and it's as hands-on or hands-off as you'd like (although, we had a pretty small group).I made reservations here as a fun way to celebrate my husbands 40th and we had so much fun. Chef Tess and her team were amazing... Not only did she walk us through making each step of their amazing menu, we learned a lot about New Orleans food culture and history. Our menu was Not your Mamas Gumbo with fried chicken, biscuits, praline cookies and the best ice cream that we made its liquid nitrogen-- now that was fun! We will be back! Thank you for helping us make wonderful memories and now we can treat ourselves to your menu at home!This was a highlight of our trip to New Orleans.  Being foodies and my husband loving to cook we wanted to take a class while there.  The website looked really inviting and so we selected Langlois.  This was one of those "exceeded expectation" experiences.  It wasn't a tourist kind of class, but a really authentic demonstration of creole and cajun cooking. 
 It was a small class (5), and included the recipes we cooked, which were great for keeping notes on while they demonstrated.  We had two chefs - Amy and Tess - who partnered on the 4 items that were demonstrated.  And....we got to eat them along the way!  
We learned so much!  The owner, Chef Amy,  is from Louisiana and could provide the rich history and culture as she went along.  We also learned a number of great techniques and they tailored the class to what we were interested in, encouraging that we wash our hands, put on an apron and get involved! Several were interested in making a roux, which wasn't part of the demonstration, so while the gumbo was on the stove, Amy showed us how to make a beautiful dark roux, that she then added onions, wine, some seasoning and we sopped up with their house-baked bread.  To die for!
We arrived and were offered water or iced tea (very good with their brown sugar simple syrup!), and seated right up front to watch.  They had prepared plates of wonderful house-made appetizers (picked mirliton, sweet pickes, pepper jelly, fresh warm bread, hogs head cheese ---I think that's what it was), that they make to munch as we gathered and watched.   We had beautifully set places with an envelope with the Langlois logo filled with the recipes, a little logo'd notebook and pen, and an apron.
I couldn't recommend this more for both visitors to the city as well as locals.  If I lived there I'd love pull a group of friends together to do a special event cooking class.  It would be great fun!
Bottom line for us was that we learned some practical tips and items that we can remake at home (and will!).  Maybe we'll just have to have some friends in for a Mardi Gras party here in California!If you are looking to do something fun and different one night definitely check this place out. We had so much fun learning about cooking and actually cooking.  I highly recommend doing the seasonal menu for dinner it is so delicious and fresh. I will never forget my experience here & the staff is beyond friendly & they make sure you are having a lovely time!!!I really enjoyed my evening of cooking with Chef Amy.  This is a great facility and great location and I met lots of interesting people.  This is hands on fun and you get to volunteer cook.   They do all of the cutting and slicing in advance so you get to focus on actual cooking techniques.    
We cooked a ravioli, risotto and some fish as well as a wonderful dessert.One of my best memories from my New Orleans trip 3 years ago. I recreated the recipe i learned successfully thanks to the recipe package. It was a lot of fun.This! You MUST do this. You might be thinking it's a bit of a splurge, but it's well worth price when you consider that this is not just a meal. AT ALL.
It's beeeeeautiful, quality food (it's like art!).
It's fancy (but not stuffy).
It's a MASSIVE amount of food (like Thanksgiving-massive).
It's interactive entertainment (guests are encouraged to throw on an apron, step right into the kitchen, and stir, chop, and pound).
It's informative and educational (Amy Sins, the chef/owner can tell you more about New Orleans and Louisiana than the local tour guides. She knows more about food and the chemistry behind it than I even knew there was to know!).
And really--a big night out in New Orleans with cocktails, fancy dinner, and truly unique entertainment will almost always add up to costing more than a night in Amy's gleaming kitchen, but it won't be AS FUN! 
The best part is that you walk away with a new enthusiasm for food and fistful of fantastic recipes that you actually know how to cook. Your parting gift is a colorful packet with recipes for every single tiny bit of the meal (right down to the sauce, glaze, and garnish) plus more.
I wish I could give Amy and her team 15 stars. They made me feel like family! 
ps: Don't miss out on the wines.Our group of 6 loved this experience.  The model is: cook a little, eat a little, with history and narrative wrapped in.  Food is delicious, and the atmosphere is welcoming and not intimidating. The chefs are grounded in the science of cooking. Highly recommend!This was and a great setup, but call and confirm the menu you want to learn to cook and be prepared that it's a 3 hour class and you will leave full!
Tess was great and a very informative chef, with a passion for cooking and teaching.We returned to Langlois for another fabulous date night!   Interactive dining at its best!    We have been here several times and each visit is better than the last.   The staff is attentive and courteous, anticipating our needs but not intrusive at all.   We are almost on a first name basis with everyone there!   Each time we visit,  our participation in the food preparation is different and we are always pleasantly surprised with how much we learn.   We love that the menu is seasonal and,  being a farmer's daughter,  the farm to table menu suits me perfectly.   Very inexpensive for a five or six course dinner (I lost count) along with wine pairings and bubbly!   Thanks, Chef Amy and Chef Tess, for a delightful time!  We'll be back!What a wonderful cooking school! I enjoyed every moment from making the class reservation with Lauren, to learning with Chef Tess, and to taking in the surroundings of the beautiful building.
Lauren was so accommodating of my food issues, and I do not find that everywhere. She was also great at keeping me posted on whether the class "made" and if my friends had registered.
Chef Tess has such a fun personality and great knowledge of the school's vision, New Orleans, and of course the food. She was just right for reaching out to my friend and me in our different learning styles and levels of cooking experience. I appreciated that she let us decide if we wanted to be hands-on. I have already been home practicing some of the new techniques that I learned from Chef Tess.
The building is lovely. Everything about this program is top-class. Even the folders with the recipes and information about the school is beautifully presented. The table tops and decor are modern and pretty. The bathroom was spotless (very important to me in a food area).
I am definitely planning to take another course the next time I find myself in The Big Easy.
This was a memorable and delicious experience. Did I mention the red beans were out of this world divine????!!!!I just don't get all these good reviews, perhaps everyone here on Yelp came for a class that was half empty, but we found the experience crowded and underwhelming.  It hurts me to write a bad review for such nice people, but it just wasn't enjoyable despite the nice crowd and wonderful instructors.
A group of 4 came on a Friday night to cook a cajun/creole dinner.  We all have varying levels of cooking experience, but no beginners, and were looking forward to properly making a roux among other things.  Our cooking class was sold out, and we were making the classics such as gumbo and jambalaya.  There were ~20 people in the class and only one very small kitchen area.  Between the 20 of us, we had to share the few jobs available (chopping veggies, stirring the roux, etc).  There was barely enough space around the kitchen counter for people to watch the cooking, let alone participate.
On a bright note, everyone was extremely friendly and our group was fun.  But we spent most of the night either 1) standing around doing nothing, trying to get a view of the cooking, 2) standing in line to chop some onions, or 3) away from the cooking altogether having a drink amongst ourselves.
The staff was extremely friendly which was the only redeeming quality.  I have no clue how this place has such great reviews, so spend $100 here at your own risk.Definitely one of the highlights of our New Orleans trip. We did the afternoon Louisiana Favorites class plus wine pairing (great for getting out of the heat/sun, or in our case, thunderstorm, for a few hours.) They handed us a cold glass of white wine as soon as we entered the door - much appreciated - and it only got better from there. We learned a lot about cajun / creole food, the culinary history of New Orleans, and not to mention how to cook some local recipes. The class went very smoothly and was broken up nicely (cook eat, cook, eat). 
Loved the food - Our instructor noted that it was probably going to be the best gumbo we'd taste from our trip since it was made from scratch right then and there and so many restaurants have to make huge batches that last all day. We left full, but not so full that our dinner plans were ruined (which was a slight concern of mine since I planned on eating my way through New Orleans!) And we came home with some great recipes and knowledge of how to make them, which is my favorite souvenir!What a fantastic experience! I am not normally a "group project " guy but the chefs were so fun and welcoming that it was easy to jump in.
The food and the atmosphere are world class, I can't say enough about the business model and the experience!What a a amazing experience this was. When I booked this I did not know what to expect and I really didn't want to participate in the cooking but since it says participation is totally optional I said hey why not. We went for my husbands birthday (who by the way does not cook at all). He was very skeptical. Let me just say he said this was one of the best experiences he's ever had and one of the best tasting meals we have had. 
If you are not into the socializing with other people type of moods do not go here. It is an interactive dinner but you are not required to cook. Also it's not a full on hands experience where each person is cutting and chopping all the ingredients it's more of a semi cooking learning class with food!! 
Wow it is sooo worth every penny. My husband and my group enjoyed it.We made a reservation via Open Table while in town on vacation.  The day of the reservation, I received a call from Langlois, but was unable to answer as I was driving.  I received a voicemail.  Within 5 minutes of the call coming in, I received an email that my reservation was cancelled by Langlois "per my request".  The voicemail stated that a deposit was required to hold the reservation spot.  Hey, no problem with that, but you didn't give me a chance to make the deposit at all.  We didn't fuss it and went somewhere else.  I don't care to do business with places that operate so poorly.As my boyfriend and I reflected on our trip to New Orleans, this was the highlight of the trip - by far. It was money well spent. 
Our visit to Langlois was fantastic. From the super clean white space, to the table settings, I wanted to package this entire place and bring it back to Madison. 
Not knowing entirely what to expect, this three-hour adventure was filled with a lot of learning (how to tell when an egg has gone bad) to the history of cajun-style cuisine. 
Chef Amy and Chef Tess were patient, funny, charismatic and instrumental in herding about 15 people though the series of activities. 
Also, the $30 wine pairing is a MUST if you are going to drink more than two glasses of wine/beer. 
We will be using the recipes provided to recreate our time in NOLA. 
Thank you to the entire staff for making our experience so enjoyable and memorable. 
We'll be back for a crawfish boil!Who knew that 3 weeks after a culinary lesson and eating experience here, that I would be using my roux spoon to make gumbo. Happy fat tuesday!You must visit Langlois while in NOLA if you enjoy cooking or eating Cajun/creole food. We had an absolute blast here for the traditional New Orleans lunch class. The place is walkable from the French quarter. Facilities are modern industrial yet very welcoming and clean. You can participate in cooking or just observe. Beer and wine can be purchased a la carte or you can purchase a package. If you plan to drink at 2+ glasses of wine, go with a beverage package. 
Chef Amy and Chef Tess made the entire experience great. I learned a lot and enjoyed the meal we prepared.  We prepared gumbo, jambalaya, bread pudding and pralines. This is great for singles, girls night out, and couples. Out of all the things we did while  visiting NOLA, we enjoyed this the most.Langlois is a delightfully unique and entertaining gem tucked in the Marigny a couple of blocks from the French Quarter. The staff and the inside of Langlois both exude New Orleans charm without being forced or overdone. I am originally from LA., but decided to take the La. Favorites class, which included gumbo, jambalaya, and bread pudding--it was fabulous and the staff was knowledgeable about gluten and dairy free substitutions(I emailed ahead of time with my dietary restrictions), and they graciously incorporated discussion and a substitution for me to eat into the class without "making a scene" as some places do.   It's not your regular cooking class or restaurant--think chef's table with the chef  educating and entertaining you throughout. We had a delightful waiter and waitress during the meal who always made sure our drinks were filled.  I was shocked when I got back to my seat and our napkins were beautifully folded- I didn't expect 5 star service like that!
I'd recommend Langlois to people looking for a different style dining experience and to people who like to cook and learn.  I can't wait to go back and may have them put together a private dinner event for me and my fellow gluten free friends.Learning How To Prepare A Delicious Brunch Cajun-Style
SITREP!
Recently I got to participate in a very fun cooking glass at the Langlois Culinary Crossroads Cooking Institute.  It was a delightful opportunity to extend my cooking horizons by getting a chance to use local NOLA ingredients to make a wonderful brunch that I can recreate back home in California.
THE SETUP
As is mentioned in the brochure information, "Some New Orleans visitors take home Mardi Gras beads, souvenir cups, and trinkets from the French Market; others buy art from the galleries on Royal Street. If you're here, it's because you're interested in one of the city's greatest gifts: our uniquely delicious cuisine."
And so this indeed provides the backdrop for both the motivation and the excitement for participating in this cooking class, as well as the opportunity that presented itself by being in New Orleans for an extended 4 day weekend.
THE COOKING EXPERIENCE
With Langlois Culinary Crossroads, it's not just watching a video class or about sharing recipes:  we were actively involved in an entertaining and interactive culinary experience where guided by Chefs Jodie & Emily, we got to partake in the brunch meal that we created with their guidance.
THE DELICIOUS FRUITS OF OUR LABORS
Each of us students got to take an active part in:
*  Preparing the hash of sausage, sweet potatos, whole garlic cloves and shallots, 
*  In making each crepe, 
*  In making the lemon curd to go into the crepe, 
*  And in making the macerated blueberry sauce that would top eachcrepe.  
Each activity was a delightful step in this cooking process and one that I will remember and recreate at home.  And, yes, the best part WAS being able to eat the brunch that we fixed ourselves.
AWESOME COOKING GUIDES
I want to give a big shout-out to the awesome Chefs Jodie and Emily, and to their magical kitchen steward Brynna for keeping everything so organized!
THE LOWDOWN
A fantastic culinary experience I hope to recreate again!My husband and I wanted to get involved with Louisiana cuisine on our honeymoon and we ended up here, at Langlois. It was the only option of a cooking class where we got to actually help cook instead of just watching. Having a culinary education background myself, I really enjoyed it and enjoyed watching the other guests experience some of the food and cooking techniques for the first time. I do, however, wish that the cuisine itself was a little more New Orleans specific. We made a shrimp bisque, stuffed chicken breast, black eyed peas, greens, crepes, and "praline bites" (a baked praline tasting dessert, but not an actual praline). I am glad, however, that we got to take the recipes with us.Fantastic and fun evening.  Excellent wine pairings.  Go!  You will not be disappointed.Really enjoyable night at Langlois! Attended a Wells Fargo women's event. We broke into 3 teams, each with a Chef to guide us, and had a Crepe cook-off. Chef Jaimi was awesome to work with! She was very patient with our slightly scatterbrained team. But hey, our team won! On to the food, our dinner was delightful. Started with a plate of cured pickles and Hog's Head Cheese. I've never been a Hog's Head fan, but Langlois did a nice job with theirs. We had a salad with pickled watermelon and a light vinaigrette. The pickled watermelon had a nice kick of spice to it which I enjoyed. Next they served Jambalaya with Boudin Stuffed Sweet Peppers. This New Orleans girl was pleased they did this well, just the right amount of spice! For dessert I devoured their White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Blueberry Compote, it was the star I thought. Thank you Langlois for a great night filled with fantastic food! 
* Shout out to Chef Tess who basically hosted the night and charmed us all with her enthusiasm and humor!Amazing!! I made a reservation for my last night in NOLA. It was just me, which I was worried about, but I had a great time! The chefs both were so fun and the experience is definitely not one I will forget. I got to know everybody at my table by the end of the night and ate some incredible food. I am a vegetarian, and they went out of their way to cater to me, making a completely different entree dish from everyone else's! The concept is so different and fun. I will absolutely tell anyone who is in NOLA try and get a reservation!This was the best date night we've ever had...we did the cooking competition on a Saturday night and the moment we walked in we felt super comfortable yet so excited! We made so many new friends, got to learn a lot of really game changing cooking tips from Chef Mel, and for $60/person - we were full off of amazing food! (first glass of wine is free too)! We will definitely be going back.We were on a visit to NOLA and looking for something different to do. My wife and I both like to cook so we thought we would give this a shot. First of all this is not a crash course culinary school. It is much more of a social interactive dinner. The facilities are very well done and cozy. The open kitchen is setup for the cooking demonstrations. Chef Amy is an excellent host as well as the rest of the wait staff.  We were able to pick up some tips from the staff and had a good time with the other guests. It is a little expensive, especially since I now want to get a nitrogen tank to make ice cream like chef Amy, but it was a lot of fun. I read a review saying that not enough hands on. My recommendation for them is to go to McDonalds and help them flip burgers in the back and put them in those plastic trays. In other words, relax you're on vacation.Wonderful individualized cooking classes.  We had 5 people in our class that featured a lunch menu.  After the hands on class, we act the great lunch we made.
Chef Mel was professional, pleasant and very knowledgeable.  The kitchen was spacious and located in a lovely neighborhood next to the French Quarter.What a wonderful evening!  This was my first (but not last), trip to New Orleans and this cooking class was amazing.  I put this on top of the "must do" when visiting NO! It is worth every cent!  The team of Tess and Jamie (plus others behind the scenes) made me feel welcome from the moment I entered the door. This is more than a cooking class, it is a dining experience!  You can get as hands-on as you want to.  I know I did, I rolled up my sleeves and learned how to make a proper roux!  While we cooked, Tess went over the history of the foods of NO, gave us tips and shared techniques.  We had an AMAZING meal and took home a lovely folder with the recipes of everything we had made that evening.  This is a MUST!This is the way a cooking class should be! I wish it had not ended. Fun and informative, technique was infused in the delicious experience with recipes printed and organized. The blended historical perspective in this beautiful and lovingly restored venue is an added offering.
Chef Tess and Chef Amy imparted the joy of the NOLA experience. Their generous teaching style and their supportive staff are simply outstanding. No detail was understated. No need unrealized. Additional recipes and added options for creating possibilities from the base recipes were encouraged.
The offerings change, which allow the avid learner new experiences when returning. I certainly will return. The joy of cooking is alive at Langlois.Tucked away in the Marigny in an old Italian corner store is Langlois Culinary Crossroads.   My husband and I went there for one of our few and far between date nights.   We wanted to do something special, something different and FUN.   Langlois did not disappoint.   
Once inside we were struck by the beauty of  Langlois ;   mostly white with accents of dark woods and a stainless kitchen, old yet modern, simple yet sophisticated, each farmhouse plank table accented with  a bouquet of red roses.  Talk about wow factor!   
We were a little apprehensive about "taking a class," but that feeling quickly disappeared.  Chef Amy and her very professional staff immediately put us at ease.   The whole experience was more like a dinner party!  And I love parties!
 Chef Amy, the owner, is vivacious and charming and knows her stuff!   She starts the class with a discussion of the differences in Creole and Cajun cooking as well as a bit of Louisiana history thrown in.     
Our class started with dessert --we made crepes for crepes Suzette.  Since kumquats were in season, we used those instead of the usual orange filling.   The kitchen's design made participation easy for our group; one could line up on either side of the prep counter and take a turn.  Everyone who wanted had a chance to cook and flip a crepe.   We lined up on both sides of the prep counter and took our turn.   With Chef Tess and Chef Amy's direction, I was able to flip my crepe properly on my first try!  YAY!      
Diners can participate as much or as little as he/she wants.   Several televisions scattered throughout the dining room and kitchen allows you to see what's happening "up front" regardless of where you are.  Everyone enjoys themselves!   
Our food was so pretty and delicious.  A mirliton salad with a luscious lemon vinaigrette dressing started off our dinner.  That was followed by seared pork chops, so flavorful and tender, and smoky white beans with asparagus.   Our crepes were our dessert.   So delightful that I had to eat mine and my husband's (sorry, Baby)!    Guess what?  Our recipes were emailed to us the next day.  We have already made a couple of the dishes from that night.
Best date night ever!    We can't wait until the next time.This has been our best dining experience so far in New Orleans. We enjoyed hearing about the resident ghost in the building and some of the history and culture of New Orleans. I have cooked all of my life and was excited to help prepare the meal. If you're not into cooking,  you can just drink wine and talk with the other people at your table. Chef Amy is knowledgeable and entertaining and you get beautiful copies of all of the recipes, not just recipes printed on regular paper. The food was fabulous and we had 3 desserts!  We opted for the wine pairing and tried some wines we had not tasted before. They sold us a  good bottle of cava to have later in the evening since it was New Years Eve. The staff called our cab for us when it was time to go. What an entertaining,  fun way to spend New Years Eve. Thank you, Langlois! Happy New Year!This was my second class and the sequel was as good as the first run!  Mel was the chef/teacher. In the spirit of this wonderful restaurant school, Mel was generous in her sharing and time. The menu was satisfying and offered technique within its development. The class was friendly and sharing. I am looking forward to attending another class on my next visit to New Orleans!
Just an additional perspective. My friend was to attend the class. She had a family milestone that prohibited her trip. Chef Amy Sin's, owner of the restaurant/school, generously is keeping her reservation open until she can attend. This is a person with a heart.
FYI; I just bought Amy's cookbook, Ruby Slippers. It is a wonderful offering filled with well developed recipes. A great addition to my cooking library!I bought some family members gift cards online for cooking classes with Langlois.  We were just able to use them, and thoroughly enjoyed our time learning new cooking methods and recipes.  Chef Amy is definitely doing what she loves.  She has the perfect personality to keep you interested the whole way through.  She fills you in on the history as well as the techniques.  The food was delicious and we all left feeling like we could duplicate what we did that afternoon.  We all truly enjoyed our afternoon spent with the Langlois crew - who were all exceptional.My mom, who's almost 85, invited just her 8 children to go to New Orleans with her in April, 2015. 6 of us were lucky enough to go to the "interactive dining experience" at Langlois. Chefs Amy and Tess are super smart and skilled in the kitchen. We learned useful techniques for dressing a salad, storing olive oil, stuffing artichokes, baking pecan praline bites (wicked good!) and even making home made ricotta cheese! Everyone got to try doing things. The atmosphere is friendly and fun. Wine, great food, nice people in a fun setting. A great experience!Highlight of our week long trip to New Orleans!!!  I would highly recommend this activity if you are visiting there.  The facility is great, the kitchen is fully equipped and the staff/chefs were knowledgeable and so much fun!  The food chosen to cook and eat was perfect for our brunch, with flowing champagne......just perfection!!The highlight of my Nola trip!
Chef Amy started Langlois with the money she earned from winning a cooking competition w the Iron Chef and his crew...she runs a tight ship w her crew.
I went w a group of 12 people for our afternoon activity. There was another table of about 10 people in the room. Overall it is an intimate experience, because there are 2 chefs leading the meal prep and one sommelier.
The menu was a fruit/hog head cheese plate, chicken and andouille sausage jambalaya, seafood gumbo, bread pudding, and praline custards. We also signed up for the official wine pairing. The whole package was $130 and we were stuffed.
While cooking, the chefs had us individuals take turns in stirring the gumbo, prepping the pudding, piping the custard, etc. It would be a stretch to say I actually cooked anything end to end by myself but hey we paid a lot of money and the chefs wanted to make sure the meal was on fleek.
The best part was chatting w the chefs as they are a wealth of information about Cajun food, all food actually, and NoLa. They are friendly locals that gave us a lot of insight into the culture. 
At the end they provide you with a recipe book to make the 5 course meal at home. Wins!I am sitting at Langlois right now as I am finishing my experience.    The food and class was great.   My whole family of 5 enjoyed the whole experience.   
I learned a lot....this is a must doWe wanted to experience Cajun Cooking class as we both are into cooking ourselves. Langlois came as a pleasant surprise when we found this hidden gem literally a block away from the place we were staying.
Brynna was kind enough to invite us in as we were peeking through the windows. Looking at the set up and their kind hospitality we immediately signed up for the Class.
The class itself was a great fun experience. Chef Jodie was charming and informative. She helped us involve in the cooking while she charmed us away with her stories about Cajun cooking in her cutest southern accent.
The bread recipe was a hit. We made amazing crepes. I am not big into crepes but absolutely loved rolling the dough and cooking them.
We also made absolutely fantastic Cajun style shrimp.
Overall a great experience. It's more about fun and a little work. No pressure. If you want to watch then just watch. But if you are anything like me, there is no shortage of opportunities in giving a  helping hand to the chef.Absolutely outstanding experience. From the staff, to the wine, and the food itself everything was top notch. And all in a friendly, fun, and casual environment. 
If you have a chance to go take it..What a great place.  We arrived and were greeted by a young lady that was waiting on us hand and foot.  She saw to every little detail and I just assumed she worked there.  Well, come to my surprise, she was the owner.  The classes were fun and educational with a great staff.  Anyone looking for a fun afternoon that will give you a great meal and beverages that won't break the bank go here.  You will not be disappointed.
Thank you for a wonderful day!what a great great evening with the chefs tess and mel.  tess!  what an amazing teacher!  i will be back here for sure! service was 5 star food was 5 star and ambiance was five star.  very very very clean.The kitchen and facility were beautiful, the old building and history behind it, very cool, the table set up, very pretty.  Food very good.  Chef Amy, really nice, her assistant was awesome.  We watched her cook, we helped, we asked questions, we ate.  It was a nice evening, a fun date.What an experience. While more on the pricey side, this was a really cool event to do with the hubs or as a group! The food was focused on locally sourced goods so some of it wasn't my favorite ( collard greens pesto), I absolutely love the concept of cooking with local goods. The praline desert we cooked was like nothing I've ever had.... Amazing.. The staff who trained us were really friendly, upbeat and obviously loved what they do. We went home with a lot of general cooking knowledge, Nawlins history and cooking tips as well as a recipe book so we could recreate what we learned. I do wish each person was able to spend more time cooking, but in not sure how realistic that would be given the set up of the venue.I want 6 stars for Langlois! What a tremendous experience. From the moment we walked in, Chef Amy (owner) greeted us with a smile, and from then on out, our experience was nothing short of extraordinary. Amy informed us that Langlois does not have a liquor license but we could go to the bar down the street to grab a bloody mary. Great idea. 
Chef Amy and Chef Tess spent the next couple of hours walking us through a delicious Cajun meal. They accompanied their cooking demonstration (with lots of participation) with a healthy helping of both culinary and general history of the region. 
I cannot recommend Langlois enough. Do not miss it on your trip to New Orleans (or check it out if you live there!)Just had the most amazing interactive dinner dinner at Langlois! Chef Tess made dinner so fun and we learned so much history about the founds we were eating. Would return in a second.We went here for New Year's Eve, and it was a really special way to spend the evening. I had never been in a restaurant kitchen before, and I loved learning about Creole and Cajun cuisine. Chef Amy and the team are very welcoming and knowledgable, and it's great to see an all-female team in the restaurant industry. I'd recommend getting the wine pairing, since they explain the wines' origins and notes, as well as how it pairs with the food (plus it is delicious!). A very unique experience, and one of the best meals we had in New Orleans.I took the cooking class of Louisiana favorites, which was given to me as a gift.  I was admittedly pretty skeptical of a cooking class where the ingredients are all prepped and participation is optional- and I always dread being stuck at a meal with table mates that I did not choose (I will also freely admit that I'm a little intense in the kitchen). Fortunately my apprehension was totally misplaced. The class was certainly very relaxed, but the organization is so smooth, there is always something to see, do, or eat- and a rolling commentary of local culinary knowledge from Tess and Amy.  The gumbo we made was out-of-this-world good, and the bread pudding was the best I have ever had. My table mates turned out to be in town for a scrabble tournament, and were also great. I walked out happy and full. Since our rental had a kitchen, I made both of the aforementioned dishes again for my family the next night and was able to reproduce them perfectly. Shared some bread pudding with the owner/neighbor (from Nola) who also said it was the best HE had ever had. I am so glad I took the class.Excellent adventure in creole/cajun cuisine!  We thoroughly enjoyed the entire experience from hand on participation to dining on the finished products.  We also enjoyed a bottle of champagne!I went on their food tour of New Orleans in June of 2013.
Very glad I went on this tour. New Orleans has approximately 18 million unique types of food available nowhere else in the world. What I learned on this tour is that 1. I'm allergic to about a quarter of them (shellfish) and 2. Of the remaining items, I dislike about 75% and 3. That last 25% is the best food I've ever had.
Seriously, there is no way I would have even known to seek out and try these things had I not gone on this tour. There's just too much going on food-wise in that town. Did you know that New Orleans pralines are these messed up globs that look like they came from a gopher with the runs? Did you know they have their own special bread for their own special sandwiches and it's all tied up with the labor movement? Did you know that divey Irish pubs that look like they don't even have electricity let alone a blender can make the most incredible frozen coffee-based drink you've ever tasted?
The tour guide, at least the one I had, is a historian, not a chef, which to me was perfect. The cuisine in New Orleans in inextricably bound up in the chaotic history of that region, so why it's made is just as important as how. The tour starts in the French Market and ends at the Langlois kitchen, where they hold cooking classes. The venue looked very nice, and they made some food for us that was excellent.
I got a deal on Yelp! for the tour, which gave me a bunch of money to spend in their store at the end of the tour. I made this my opportunity to pick up unusual items to use in my own cooking at home. The items aren't cheap, but they are interesting. I have no regrets.Our company recently hosted an incentive trip to New Orleans. I had the job of finding some interesting, fun and *high quality* activities for our group to do during their visit.  Believe me when I say that I.AM.PICKY! The people we are hosting on these trips worked VERY hard to get there and just any experience won't do. 
I HAD to definitely find a cooking course in New Orleans. I wanted our guests to have a great experience with the cuisine of N'Orleans.
I found Langlois and I couldn't have been happier!  From the minute I met with Amy at Langlois I knew several things:
1) She is passionate about cooking, New Orleans and her school! So important!
2) The place is clean, clean, clean. An open, very hip and comfortable space to learn. 
3) This is not your tourist trap cooking school. This is a super nice, forward thinking culinary school... without the stuffiness.
4) I had to have my group take a class there.
Amy worked closely with me to create my vision of the experience I wanted our guests to have. She really went above and beyond to make sure it was everything I wanted... and then some. She had great ideas to make things interesting and she even had a few surprises up her sleeve. The process from beginning to end was EASY! 
The class itself went smoothly. Even when some in our afternoon group were running late, they were totally understanding and entertained the others that made it on time. The chefs are so personable, patient, enthusiastic and love what they do. They give history on the food and other valuable cooking tips. 
Everyone in our group got a great hands-on experience, and then, the best part... they got to enjoy what they cooked. 
Lastly, I went back with a friend to take the brunch class (I did not take the class with my groups). I'll be honest... I hate cooking (okay, I loathe cooking), but I found the class to be fun and really subsided some of my cooking phobias! I can make some mean crepes now. What we cooked up was BEYOND delicious and my friend (she's the cook) absolutely LOVED the class, too. I learned a lot, had fun and left with happy and full!
This may sound like I am laying it on thick, but to be candid, Amy was so easy and visionary to work with, the staff was wonderful to our group and made the experience special. All of those that attended the cooking class expressed how much they enjoyed the experience and how great everyone was to them. 
I would highly recommend this experience to groups or even just a fun venture out during your visit to New Orleans. It was definitely a highlight for me and those in our group!
PS - if you're staying in the French Quarter, take a pedicab over to the cooking school in lieu of walking. A fun, quick and relatively inexpensive way to get there. :)I wish you could rate something higher than 5 stars. This place is in a class of its own; an exceptional dining experience and an absolutely incredible meal. I doubt my review will do this place justice; you MUST try this yourself. 
This is an interactive dining experience. You watch and participate in the creation of the evening's meal, learning how to make most of the dishes yourself so you can duplicate them at home (they send you home with the recipes). It's a great concept in and of itself, but Chef Tess and the Langlois staff have created an absolutely magical dining experience. 
We are greeted when we walk in with a glass of wine and someone takes our coats. We mingle with the other guests (there's only 16 of us total...very intimate) and enjoy the pickle plate. Pickled mandarins, grapes, and of course, pickles. Plus some head cheese and a pea purée. It was a unique blend of flavors and utterly delicious. 
We decide to do the wine pairing and take our next glass of wine to the kitchen to start cooking. Chef Tess show us how to make a roux and explained which type of roux would be used to make a variety of dishes. Several people participated, stirring, adding ingredients, etc. until it was time to add the broth and let it simmer! 
She then showed us the best way to prep fried chicken, we dredged it in flour and she set it aside in the freezer for later. 
Next came the salad. So simple, right? Anyone can make a salad! Or so I thought! I've been going about this salsas making business all wrong! I learned how to properly dress a salad and how to mix flavors and textures to create a delicious masterpiece. At this point we took a break to enjoy our salad and another wine pairing. Delicious. 
Back to the kitchen! Chef Tess showed us how to fry the chicken, sauté collard greens and make ice cream using liquid nitrogen! Food was plated and we were off to the main event. (See pic). It was absolutely amazing. If I had simply walked into a restaurant and been served this meal, I would've rated it as one of the best meals I had ever eaten. But this meal, along with the experience itself, was out of this world. There are many reasons I plan on returning to New Orleans, but this is number one.Loved the afternoon class. Facility is super charming, clean, state of the art kitchen and Chefs who make you feel at home and honored to learn from their vast knowledge. It was fun and non threatening! Appropriate for all levels of students.  Serve wine and and awesome iced tea. Recipes practical and delicious. My 19 year old granddaughter says it was everything she could have imagined! Much more local and authentic than the touristy schools we saw in the French Quarter and only a short cab or bus ride from there. Menu was perfect and they change it frequently. Website easy to use too. You gotta go!We feel so extremely fortunate to have spent the evening cooking with Tess and Amanda - they are absolutely AMAZING! We participated the the 'Not Your Mama's Gumbo' experience and it was a delightful epicurean journey‼This is what I wrote the owner after my visit and her survey arrived.  I'm still a little miffed and was underwhelmed by the reply so am posting it on Yelp:
I would like to start with a few nice comments about the staff and the food.  The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and fun.  The seafood gumbo was really good and the salad was very interesting.  I also enjoyed the appetizer plate.  Very good pickles.  Buy the bread from someone local like Bellegarde.  It's not good.  Dessert was forgettable and not really all that relevant to New Orleans.  The food overall was good.  Teach people to make something besides a salad.  Anyone can make a salad.  
A couple things that I didn't really like.  I live here.  I spent many years in the restaurant industry as a chef then a pastry chef and now a baker.  The table that I was at had people from here and tourists.  You probably get a mix.  One of the staff kept dissing everything I was recommending to these folks and my friend was echoing my sentiments.  Allow these tables to enjoy each others company.  Allow us to meet new people and share our hospitality and mind your own business when our attention isn't required by you.  It's a long evening and there is little time for us to chat without you so leave us alone occasionally when it's time for us to eat.  Don't hover.  
The Moo Moo packets of ultra pasteurized creamer are not acceptable.  You should not show these to your guests as $120/plate.  This is wrong on so many levels that if you don't understand it then you most likely have bigger problems.  I can see the Sysco truck pulling up now.  I can't really abide paying this kind of money to people that don't understand the connection between the food they eat and my health.  It's time to step up and take some responsibility.  You could use peanut oil or canola oil instead of vegetable oil that has been shown to be ridiculously bad for you and full of GMOs.  If I hadn't seen the Moo Moos I might have assumed by the quality products being sold there that you understand what quality food is.  Get yourself a couple dozen tiny creamers.  If someone wants cream, bring them their own little creamer.  This is the best way to avoid food waste.  The cost of wasting drops of cream is very small.  
Perhaps you just have too much staff and that's why it's $120/person because the food and experience isn't really up to the cash.  There are too many people there for the amount of work to be performed.  I've been to similar set-ups in Charleston and New Orleans for a lot less and had a great time.  True, this is probably not a place for someone like me but you can do better.Our group included 2 women (age 58 and 25) and 4 men (age  52, 27, 25 and 23) and everyone  of us rated this a 5 star  experience  - a 5 sense gourmet experience.  You cook, you talk, you eat and you listen.  The food is great.  The place is great.  But when Chef Amy gets talking, lIstening to her stories, descriptions and recommendations enhance the experience.  From NOLA history to cuisine  to the paranormal - Chef Amy knows her stUff and weaves a narrative. 
Bottom line - regardless of age or interest  in cooking - everyone will love this experience.We came by on a Friday night for a cooking class with chef Mel and chef Jonie. This was without a doubt one of our huge highlight of our New Orleans trip!!
The setting and environment was so intimate and we were really able to ask as many questions as we had and really learn the fundamentals of Cajun and creole cooking. The chefs told us about their background and we got a chance to really know them throughout the 2ish hours. 
The chefs were incredibly kind and helpful throughout the entire class. The class itself was as hands on as you'd like it to be. We got to stir the gumbo, jambalaya and flip some crepes! Took three tries but I finally got the darn thing to flip :)
The food was absolutely DELICIOUS! The praline dessert we made was some form of hybrid between a cookie and a candy. It was perfectly crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. I couldn't go back to eating normal pralines anymore since these were so amazing! good thing the tray wasn't in front of me because I probably would've devoured the entire thing! 
At the end of our class, the chefs gave us wonderful suggestions of food places to try in New Orleans. None of them were a letdown :) 
I would highly highly recommend Langlois to anyone and everyone interested in the culinary scene of New Orleans!Great food, great atmosphere. Highly recommended. If you can afford the price it's worth it.What an amazing experience with Chef Amy and her Team.  Amy could not have been a better host.  Allison (Comedian) was funny and could not have been more pleasant.  Everyone truly helped make my wife's birthday memorable.
The food was delicious, the Facility was impressive and the people could not have been better.  Fun, delicious and entertaining.
From planning to execution and every step in between, chef Amy made every step of the process enjoyable.
The Crepes were not only fun to make, they were delicious.  As for the Crepe toss competition, I believe it is going to take off and it will ultimately become an Olympic sport.