Stopped in for a late meal on Sunday night. 
They did a great job. We had a shrimp cocktail and a burger.  Nothing fancy right?
Shrimp were in a get mix of sauce and pickled veggies.
Burger was tasty and cook food.  
The Star was the duck fat fried French fries. We ate every single one and would have eaten MORE.This place is small and modern. The service can be better since it took forever to place my order. 
Nice selection of food for happy hour. My steak and fries were good!Was a quick decision based on a previous restaurant being closed.
Looks good from outside, quiet while being welcoming. TV over the bar showing sports which is quite unique in a restaurant environment (not intrusive).
Food was excellent; portions are smaller compared to American standards which is perfect for high quality taste intensive foods.
Service was excellent, they could not have been more accommodating, friendly or welcoming.
Requested a European cocktail which they were not familiar with however they attempted it until it produced it perfectly. 
Complimentary digestive received for my dining partners birthday.
Highly recommended would definitely return.We went last night for the soft opening. The space is nice and it wasn't too loud. We had the seafood dip appetizer which was a bit salty. The oyster appetizer pleased my boyfriend, and we both loved the cauliflower appetizer. The tempura batter was terrific. We split the hangar steak and gnocchi entrees. The gnocchi was AMAZING. One of the better vegetarian entrees I've had in awhile. The steak was a tad undercooked, but good flavor. For dessert we had the coconut custard (meh) and the blue corn cake. This was shockingly good, I was not expecting it. The service was really good and we enjoyed it overall. Great new addition to the CBD!Soooo freaking good! Awesome service too! Started with the redfish dip and hushpuppies which were both delicious but I would say pick the hushpuppies if you have to choose one. Hubby and I split the duck for lunch and OMG! Divine! All of the flavors for each dish were on point! This is a hidden, newer gem that you shouldn't miss out on!Appetizers were great and the entrees were scrumptious! Portions could be a bit bigger but overall great experience.Wow! Amazing food and great atmosphere. I tried the burrata, hushpuppies, and gnocchi. They were all delicious. Very creative food flavor profiles. I also had the "Safe Words" cocktail it was unforgettable. Im definitely coming back.Amazing food and cocktails! Steak was absolutely phenomenal. Chicken and snapper (friends dishes) was apparently great too!! Waitress (Stephanie) was super wonderful. Definitely coming back when I'm in town again.I have stopped here a few times for a nice meal. The first time I had the buttermilk chicken sandwich with Cajun fries. Both my friends and I were amazed with the crispy but tenderness of the sandwich as well as the great flavor. We also enjoyed some great desserts. Another time I enjoyed their burger. I look forward to dining here again soon.Great spot, just opened. Really like the oysters and gnocchi. Every thing our group had was good. Wait staff was very attentive and helpful with the menu.A perfect meal from drinks to dessert. Unpretentious, with some real soul. Best meal we had in Nola so far, super friendly gracious staff. Beautiful space.Great NYE meal at the newly opened Laurel Oak.  Food was excellent and service was perfect.  We had a 3 course meal and the portions were just right.  Food wasn't heavy like so many NOLA restaurants.  Well done all around and I'll be back for sure!!Well made cocktails and great food.  Hushpuppies with black pepper honey and poblano butter are a must.  Burrata "Pimento", Gulf Shrimp Roll, and Gnocchi were all delicious as well.  The Gulf Shrimp Roll was more like a Lobster Roll in theory and surprisingly refreshing.  They allow protein additions to the gnocchi, so although it comes vegetarian feel free to add chicken or shrimp.  Our server Patrick was fantastic - highly recommend!We were looking for something to try near our hotel and decided to check out this new restaurant! It did not disappoint! The cocktails were great and the fresh baked cornbread in a skillet is not to be missed!You won't be disappointed. This is an amazing restaurant. Cocktails are wonderful! Try the redfish dip. It is wonderful with the salt & vinegar chips. The fried cauliflower is wonderful. It doesn't have any breading, which was a wonderful surprise. We would also recommend the redfish as a main course. Simple but delicious. The flow of courses was good until we got to dessert. We can ordered the salted caramel beignets. They were delicious, but they took a long time to be delivered. Overall, amazing food and amazing service. Ask for Molly. Great service!!It's a new place and I know they're still working out the kinks, but I wasn't impressed.  The waitress was sweet, but clearly wasn't trained well.  Dirty plates were left on the table, drink orders weren't taken, etc.  The food was pretty good, but not worth the money.  Had the roasted redfish, which included an herb salad.  The herb salad was one small piece of a celery leaf.  With all the competition out there, this place needs to up their game.Went to the soft opening and boy were we blown away. The cocktails were amazing, fresh and extremely creative. The food however was the absolute showstopper! Absolutely delicious!!! Keep up the good work and y'all will have a line around the block. Service from Alex and the rest of the team was top notch. Thanks again and cheers!Wonderful food, atmosphere and service. Don't hesitate to come here for dinner. Will recommend it to all my friends.Second time coming to Laurel Oak, this time for my fathers birthday. Absolutely fantastic experience, Patrick was our server and served up entertaining jokes all night. Wes is a very talented executive chef and came out to greet our table. 10/10 would recommend, I have not tried anything that I did not immensely enjoy.We spent only 4 nights in NOLA and came to Laurel Oak TWICE for dinner because we couldn't stop talking about how incredible it was. Every dish we tried was delicious, there were some vegetarian options (rare in most restaurants around here) and the cocktails were phenomenal. We had magnificent service both nights from servers and hosts. The restaurant was not too loud, which made conversation at the table easy. I would go out of my way to come back if I find myself in NOLA again. Thank you!!!What a great place! My daughter and I had dinner here last night and really enjoyed it. We had an amazing burrata appetizer with pickled vegetables and pimento -yum!
Then we split a fried chicken sandwich and duck fat fries-everything was delicious. We ended with a really decadent dark chocolate brownie with banana pudding. The staff is so friendly and attentive-so glad we found this place-great experience ! The ambience is also lovelyWe had dinner here last night after walking past it multiple times to and from our nearby hotel. We're so glad we did. The inside is bright and inviting. We were surprised when our server told us it had been open just a week. We ordered only small plates and appetizers so can't comment on the entrees. We had Gulf Fish Crudo, Smoked Redfish Dip, Crispy P & J Oysters, Crispy Cauliflower, Hush Puppies and Beignets for dessert. Everything was delicious but we especially enjoyed the Gulf Fish Crudo, the oysters and Crispy Cauliflower. The Hush Puppies were light and not dense like some. Beignets delicious! Our server was informative and attentive to our every need. We hope others will soon find this new addition to the many choices for good food in New Orleans.Halfway through our prix fixe Valentines dinner last night, we were rather shocked to learn that Laurel Oak has only been open about a month. It is that well run. Everything - making reservations, the communication, the warm service, the weflow of the meal - went perfectly. How rare is that, especially in a new place?
And the food... well, it was wonderful. We were served gorgeous, well crafted cocktails with a lovely little potato caviar amuse-bouche. Then impeccably fresh red snapper crudo and a lovely plate of house made cheese and gorgeous cured ham. Three more courses followed, and everything was beautifully plated, perfectly seasoned, and delicious. 
The only minor disappointment were the beignets, which were rather dry and tough, although the caramel sauce was great. But honestly, this restaurant just knocked it out of the park, as far as we're concerned. Next time we're in town, you can bet we'll return.Loved it. I had lunch at the counter, it has cool interior but still warm and inviting. I started with hushpuppies with black pepper honey - deliciously light and had that nice perfect center-not corn mealy. Then I tried a Chicken Fried Oyster Slider...wow...the crunch of the oyster, tasty dressing with slaw - soft perfect slider roll - so good!! Crispy Cauliflower - so lightly battered I'm not sure if it was even battered...great flavor. The Crudo was a work of art for my mouth, tasted as good as it looks. I'll be back!! Delightful and helpful service too!Crispy Cauliflower with a dash of curry, a red blenD and an awesome atmosphere!  A great addition to the CBD!We were here for happy hour basically just to get out of the cold for a while and it happened to be a great find.  The house wines were on special for $7 a glass and there was a happy hour small plate menu.  We chose the cabernet and cauliflower and the shrimp cocktail.  The food was amazing.  The cauliflower was huge for the price and so good with a sweet sauce and peanuts in it.  The bartenders and servers were all very nice.  The restroom is far from the bar, but it's super nice and clean.  Probably the cleanest one in New Orleans.You could easily miss this hidden gem if you're not paying attention.
Went to Laurel Oak on their opening night last night and it was an absolute delight. The restaurant is open, warm, and most importantly, not pretentious. 
Fun cocktail menu - caught myself having to keep getting new cocktails just because the flavor combinations were spot on. If you want to want to go a little top dollar, they do have $20+ cocktails also on the menu - I think those will be saved for a celebratory occasion.
The food was stupidly delicious. The dishes seem standard for southern fare until you're served:
- Potato croquettes served with a creamy sauce that will remind you of the best onion dip you've ever had with a hit of caviar and chives. You're going to fight for the last bite.
- Juicy deep fried oyster sliders with a delicious secret sauce and coleslaw tucked between a toasted sesame seed bun. It honestly tasted like a Big Mac because it was an umami bomb. Don't order one, absolutely get two minimum. 
- Redfish dip. Look - every restaurant in the city should have a fish dip, but damn, this was a slam dunk. Large chunks of fresh fish, balanced mayo, and topped off with salmon roe. The salt and vinegar chips offer the perfect balance. 
- Beef tartar served with home made french fries. The fries threw me off, but I found it fun grabbing the tartar with the fries. High quality meat with bursts of tartness from pickled apples. 
We didn't get a chance to get into the entrees but everyone around us kept ordering their fried chicken sandwiches - I cannot wait to give it a try!
Price point and tastiness are all well balanced. Can not wait to come back again to explore the menu.Delicious food...beautiful restaurant. I'll be back!  If you are staying at the Magnolia, or visiting the area, I highly recommend this restaurant.  Appetizers, entrees and cocktails...all wonderful!The parade route closures shut us out of our planned dinner reservation.We saw Laurel Oak was within accessible walking distance so we gave it a try.What a lucky choice.The food was very good,hush puppies,biscuits,jerk duck,brick chicken and the best collard greens.It is an attractive restaurant with pleasant staff.The prices are reasonable for New Orleans.It is absolutely a place we would return to.Great cocktails, friendly service and really expertly executed southern food. A great date night place that I wasn't really expecting so close to the touristy area of Canal Street. We had redfish on top of the most tender etouffee and a salad with seared steak. Yummy biscuits on the side.We were planning on going into the Quarter again for dinner but since we were staying at the Magnolia so my girlfriend and I said "f@#K it, let's stay close and try it out".  We are sooooooo happy we did.  Five days in New Orleans and THIS was our best meal.  The food was so awesome that we ate there TWICE.  I had the hushpuppy to start and finished with the brick chicken.  My girlfriend got the gumbo, which was SUPER GOOD (who knew gumbo+potato salad works), and ended with the fish.  It was their 1st night open so they are still working on creating the atmosphere.The lights were alittle bright for my taste, but what they haven't worked out in mood.....they have in food, plating, and service.  Hit this place up before it gets too big for walk ins.
PS:  The "tiki AF" is a killer drink!  Its really good and really powerful.  You'll go light on the booze the rest of the night ;-)While staying at the Magnolia in New Orleans (a favorite of ours in multiple cities), we decided to try out this new restaurant. We were SO happy that we did! Fabulous food, a beautiful atmosphere, and service that rivals the very best. We felt at home at Laurel Oak and were especially delighted to see how they treated a 1 1/2 year old at the table (not always easy!). Needless to say, we were not disappointed. Everything was fabulous, including the food - delicious! I'm looking forward to our next trip to Nola - we will definitely be eating here again! Thank you for a wonderful night!Really good meal tonight.  Friendly staff.  Will plan to return!   The hanger steak was great.  Loved the collard greens. Bengiets were slightly overcooked, but the sauce was very good.Beautiful restaurant with amazing food! Gumbo is the best in the city. It comes with potato salad and rice! Come hungry because you'll want to order it all. The crudo and chilled shrimp were some of my favorites. Everything was fresh and delicious. The gnocchi was light and flavorful. A great vegetarian dish if you're looking for one. Their burger is very special with burger sauce and a fresh bun. I saw someone ordering the chicken sandwich next to me and OMG. I regretted not ordering that too. My favorite cocktail was the vanity fair - light and refreshing. This is my new favorite restaurant in the city! Chef Wes and his team are doing some magical things over there.The Laurel Oak is absolutely amazing! I would 100% recommend it! If you are looking for a place with  great food, a great atmosphere and great service THIS IS where you would want to be!!Walked by it on our way to another restaurant & decided to go back & eat here. It was the right choice because the food was on point! Great atmosphere, and a friendly attentive staff. We'll most definitely be back!!Came here with my fiancé for a date night. Cute and modern atmosphere, where we were greeted by the friendly wait staff. 
We ordered the smoked redfish dip, steak tar tar, and gumbo as appetizers. The redfish dip was my personal favorite, the salty and Smokey flavors mixed well. The gumbo had a fantastic twist on the classic, with potato salad in lieu of rice. 
For our main, we split the jerk spiced duck. The duck was cooked really well and I enjoyed the beans that accompanied it. 
We were really excited to try this new restaurant in the cbd and it surpassed our expectations!I hate to be the odd person out but 5 stars? I don't think so. Yes this restaurant is new so I guess I'm being generous with my 4th star... but really I think a 3.5 is what my rating should be.
I went with friends on a Sunday night. and the restaurant was packed. But my friend had made a reservation so cool. We were seated near the open door to the hotel lobby next door. At some point a large group of friends gathered in that space and were HOLLERING, which cool have fun, but it echoed into the restaurant and made talking with my friends nearly impossible. When I asked about closing the door they said it has to stand open while they are operating. OK. Whatever.
Service was... odd, maybe trying for quirky or fun, but mostly odd. There were no bubbles by the glass so I just decided on club soda. But my friends found a beer and a glass of wine that they wanted. 
Food wise, I had the gulf fish crudo which was lovely and flavorful. I would have loved more mirliton and satsuma. And the gnocchi which was good but the ratio of gnocchi to toppings was off. I had beaucoup crispy kale and mushrooms and not enough gnocchi to go with. My friends had the gumbo, bbq shrimp and the hangar steak. They seemed to enjoy their dishes.
The prices are a bit high but it's a hotel restaurant. The space is spartan/modern and a bit loud.We were walking towards the Orpheum and my bf said he was hungry so we stopped to look at the menu. One of the servers opened the door and handed us the menu. He then asked for COVID vaccination cards and said we could sit at the bar. We ordered quickly because we were on our way to see the Louisiana Philharmonic on opening night. 
We ordered the BBQ shrimp, gumbo, and two glasses of wine. The food was unexpectedly amazing. I mean, we had no idea what we were in for because we were just passing by and the restaurant is located inside a hotel. Service was wonderful and this was hands down one of the best shrimp dishes I tried in New Orleans. The gumbo was pretty good as well, but fairly standard. I didn't get any complains from the bf because he's from New Orleans. He usually has a comment about the food and he was enjoying his immensely. We shared both dishes and I think I enjoyed the shrimp more. The wine was nice and we were sufficiently full before going to the symphony. If you're in the area, check out Laurel Oak for a delicious meal.10/10 would recommend this place! You need to come here. Patrick and Johnny were absolutely amazing. Perfect for a lovely cocktail, a romantic date night spot, or a celebratory evening. Do not hesitate. Come here. You will not regret itI was literally the first sit down customer of Saturday evening.  Guy at door a little surly, can't sit there, lucky to get a seat....really?  Not much interaction from the bartender, didn't have 3 out of 5 draft beers listed on the menu, told me about two apps not available.  I had the crispy cauliflower and the Hanger Steak, both excellent.  That said, I could go back.Such great food! I am a vegetarian and there gnochi is the best I have ever had!! 
End ur night with a cappuccino, trust me you wont regret!!
Oh and yes cocktails - too good!!!Omg first time here. Had the gumbo, with potato salad on top, what? This was the best gumbo I have ever had. Also had the hushpuppies with poblano butter. Dear god. The service was outstanding. We had Mollie as our bartender, she was friendly, attentive and a lot of fun. I also tried the Muses pale ale, highly recommend. The manager Caitlyn was also there that night and extremely helpful with our first time visit. We had the best time. Thank you so much guys!We went there not knowing what to expect. Cocktails "The Best" Service- OMG my server and the host Patrick were AMAZING! My server was so incredible in offering suggestions. Yes to BBQ Shrimp - extra bread   Please. Thank you to all Mom and I had a great evening.Tried Laurel Oak for the first time last night.  Atmosphere is cool and vibrant.  Wait staff was educated and prepared to explain menu options.  
Food was some of the best I've had in New Orleans.  We tried a big variety of menu options (smoked redfish dip, oysters two different ways, bbq shrimp (wow), cauliflower (double wow).
Didn't try the gumbo.  Wish we had. The table next to us was raving about it.  
Something for next time.
Reservations weren't hard to get but I'd imagine once word gets out about this place and the chef, I'll be checking weeks out for a table.Beautiful restaurant and delicious food. We had wine and appetizers, fried mushrooms and the marinated tuna with avocado-absolutely wonderful! Our server Theo was very attentive, personable and knowledgeable. He was not only an amazing server and a delight to have as our waiter he is an amazing opera singer and gave us a sample of his beautiful voice. Highly recommendBest Southern food in the world. I'm still debating if I should really leave a review about this restaurant since I don't want to share this hidden gem with others.
The cornbread is a must have.  It was so delicious... And I am not a fan of cornbread.  That should tell you how good it is. . 
The duck was tender and the red snapper (fish of the day) was well prepared and paired with tartar sauce.  Yum!
When I come back to New Orleans, this'll be my first stop4 years ago I met my fiancé in this location, it was a horrible restaurant and now it was replaced by this really cool place! We came for happy hour and it was so much fun! The cauliflower is delicious and a must, you simply have to order it. The fries are really good and the beef of the burger is outstanding. I didn't love the redfish spread. We also ordered the blue corn cake as a dessert, the crunchy corn with mascarpone is amazing, this is not an indulgent dessert but it is unique, beautiful and tasty.I would totally recommend this restaurant. Out of all the places I've eaten in Nola this ranks right up against Emeril's quality at 1/3 the price. The general manager, Patrick, was a delight. Highly recommend eating here.Restaurant was very nice inside and easy to find. Friendly staff and a warm greeting at the door. Booked reservation online via open table which is helpful/preferred by me. Had a 6pm rez and not many tables in there at all. Maybe 3-4. Our server was very nice however very absent minded. She was friendly and attentive but certainly having an off day. We placed drink and appetizer orders. Then when she returned we ordered salads, tuna crudo and entrees. 
Cocktails were amazing - I highly recommend the vanity fair. Our salads and crudo came out (both very tasty!) but not the apps we initially ordered. I asked if those items would be coming - she replied yes. It was taking a little while, and then our entrées came out. I asked her what happened to our gumbo and hushpuppy appetizers. She admitted that she completely forgot we ordered those. Another employee came over, which I assumed to be the manager, and indicated they would still make those for us free of charge. Eventually those came out and they were delicious along with the duck and burger entrees. The butter with the hushpuppies was divine, gumbo came with a ramekin of potato salad which was odd to me but very yum. The duck had some bean mixture that surprisingly went very well together. I do wish there was another slice or two of duck though. 
Mid-meal, we ordered a second round of drinks and I switched to the cocktail my friend had. She brought over my original cocktail and upon getting to the table realized she made the wrong one. She corrected her mistake and went to make the correct one but I had to wait again for the item I ordered. 
Luckily we weren't in a rush and the restaurant did the right thing by comping the 2 items. Especially because they were so good, I would still return and order them again. Their food was so awesome that I would return but that's what saved the meal for me from the mishaps.We had great service and the food was delicious. The food did take a little bit of time to come out but it was their first day back open after the pandemic so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. My wife had Pessimist - a red wine blend that was delicious. I had the Safe Words cocktail that was so spicy I could not finish it and that do not recommend. A table next to ours had the same drink and I saw the gentleman making a face of discomfort and drinking something right after. according to my wife the waiter warned me it was "very spicy" but I all heard was "spicy" and missed the "very". I think they should also make it clear it's very spicy on the menu - it just says Black Pepper.Omg. So good! Even their Caesar is outstanding. Best Caesar I've ever had. Fantastic staff and customer service. Amazing.We went in late on Halloween and we're immediately greeted by a friendly figure who turned out to be the GM. Bartender made great drinks, the food was indeed out of this world. We stayed till closing and were able to chat about the business with the GM for a good deal of time so to say the least the hospitality is out of this world.Best meal we had while we were in town.  Tried a lot of the other "best of" and award winning restaurants and found this was truly the best.  Burrata "Pimento", Fried Oysters, Benton Ham Tartine and the Red Fish were amazing.  The gumbo was the best we've ever had.  Fun wine and cocktail list... go hungry and order a ton!!!Their seafood was excellent. Server was very kind. Great service. One issue. Their fryer was broken. This eliminated a ton of food options, especially for me, a person who lives off of fried foods. Otherwise 5/5.We were looking for a nice dinner close to our hotel and discovered the Laurel Oak.
Amazing!
The food, the drinks, the service was fantastic.
It was such a great chill vibe.
Can't recommend enough.
Theo was our server and he was the best!
Thank you Theo!!The true measure of service at a restaurant isn't apparent when everything goes smoothly, but more so when things don't go as planned. We had the latter experience with situations that were minor and annoying but correctable. The staff went above and beyond to make everything right and were generous in every respect. They offered extras. They checked back multiple times to make sure we were entirely satisfied. Service showed their intent to deliver a first class experience. The food quality was great. (We had the steak and the the grilled shrimp entrees with the decadent lava brownie dessert).  This is a new restaurant of whom the owners should be proud.The duck was fantastic. Bohemian Raspberry was a good cocktail, definitely more grapefruit forward but delicious overall. Will have to come back when the fryer is working because the fried tomato sandwich sounded amazing. Wonderful ambience with great service.