This place is amazing! our waiter Aaron was friendly and full of great suggestions for food and drinks. He sold us smoothly, but everything he was pushing was delicious!
We had crawfish étouffée and red beans and rice. Both were lick the plate scrumptious. Seasoned and flavorful with just a little heat at the end. The étouffée was loaded with crawfish, creamy, and fabulous! The oysters ya ya were piping hot with the most amazing Cajun pesto sauce that I had to soak up with my bread long after the oysters were gone. Even the drinks were perfect choices - citron mule - a twist on the Moscow mile that was a little sweeter. Eat here if you're in New Orleans!We hit this place every day we were in New Orleans.  Even just went there for to-go Swamp Water.  SO tasty!!!
The waitstaff was incredible, and we loved the food!We stopped in for a quick bite to eat and a round of drinks. I got the Bacardi Dragonberry Mojito to drink. It was delicious and refreshing. We got the spinach artichoke dip and a fried shrimp platter. The spinach dip was like nothing I've ever had. It was amazing! Very creamy and the chips had Parmesan cheese sprinkled over the top. The fried shrimp was awesome! The fries had a perfect flaky crispiness. The hush puppies, delightful. The shrimp cooked to perfection and excellently seasoned. The service was quick and she was very attentive. Definitely a place I will return to!The food was good, the wait staff was awesome and they were playing the game... great place to visitYou can usually get a table here even when bourbon st is going nuts. Good local beer selection, traditional New Orleans menu and the food is pretty good. Friendly staff makes this place easy to come back to every time I'm in NOLAIt's Bourbon Street, I get it. But for the price, you could have given a little more food. Ordered Alligator meat for appetizer. Got 5 pieces and they were the size of chicken nuggets from McDonalds cut in 1/2. Very disappointed.
Also ordered dozen raw oysters. Did not smell fresh and I eat a lot of Oysters when I visit NOLA. 
Redfish Court Buillon - if I had not ordered Alligator meat and oysters, how is this suppose to fill me up for a night on Bourbon street? 
In all, the food did not impress me. Neither did the quantity of food. The bill was rather impressive however. My most expensive meal of the entire trip.The Bayou sampler is the way to go! Aaron was an excellent server and the atmosphere was classy.Love this place. Everyone there is great. The oysters at the bar right on time!  Ask for Domino. Great atmosphere and even better food. Enjoy!!!While in town for vacation, my boyfriend and I stopped by this restaurant for lunch.  We had a delicious lunch with great food; however, the service was just alright.  I ordered a Mardi Gras Bash to sip on throughout the meal, and I really enjoyed the fruitiness of the cocktail.  We ordered the crawfish cakes to share to start, and they were superb.  I am a huge fan of crab cakes, so I enjoyed this unique twist.  They come in a rich creamy sauce.  For my main course, I ordered the red beans and rice and added fried chicken to it.  It was delicious, and I would definitely recommend adding the fried chicken.  The chicken andouille sausage on it had a little too much kick for my liking, but those who like spice would love it.  My boyfriend ordered the cajun stuffed gulf fish and really enjoyed it.  I would recommend this restaurant if you have time for a leisurely lunch.The food tasted great and we were able to get a table on the balcony immediately walking up from Bourbon Street on a Saturday night, but the service was not quick at all. My friends and I ordered boudin and alligator nuggets as appetizers. The boudin were delicious and the gator nuggets were just average. I ordered the shrimp creole while someone else had the shrimp po' boy and another friend got the muffaletta. I got to sample my friends food. All the entrees were above average compared to other places that we've eaten at outside of New Orleans. Our server was very polite and accommodated us, but he seemed forgetful. He took two of the water glasses for refills around the time the entrees came out and then returned with only one glass when the meal was finished. I also waited a long time for silverware. I got my shrimp creole from the food runner and the dish just sat there teasing me because I didn't have a spoon or fork. My friends downed half their sandwiches before our server brought a fork and spoon for me to begin eating my dish. We had been there for almost two hours by the time we all finished eating. I had to convince my friends to pay cash because I was afraid we'd have to wait a longer-than-usual length of time for the credit cards to be processed on separate checks before we could leave. The experience could be better, but the food was satisfying.The food was amazing and our waiter Jabari made our experience a great one. His suggestions were spot on. He made it our favorite restaurant in the French Quarter!!The reason why this place gets 2 stars is because it did not require that long of a wait, and the raw oysters were very fairly priced.  But the food was just... ugh.  Let's just say that I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody traveling to NOLA.  The Po Boys were just various forms of bread (fried, baked) and the Shrimp Creole tasted like they heated up a Campbells can and added way too many herbs.
Service was also lackluster, the tables way too small for the plates.love the open-front seating! truly get the feeling that I ain't in Kansas anymore; or, more fittingly to myself, California.. the staff is so cordial, warm and comfortable.. not too loud and the perfect level of casual.I have not gone into a single restaurant in New Orleans that didn't serve-up exceptional food. No kidding. Le Bayou was a spot we wandered into when we were pining for some fresh oysters. We ordered a dozen oysters with mignonette sauce, a dozen chipotle chargrilled oysters, the New Orleans medley (gumbo, jambalaya, red beans and rice, crawfish etouffee), and the bread pudding. All dishes were delicious, and the owner made his rounds to make sure we were all enjoying our food. The servers were live, and they were all very friendly and helpful. We will be back!Excellent stuffed catfish and fried cheesecake.waited 15 min before any wait staff came by and when they did the guy was not wait staff had a cook uniform on, waiting on gods but not expecting muchWorst service ever. After waiting 45 minutes for the waiter to take our order we decided that we didn't want to waste our entire night at a restaurant and left. The waiter didn't even bring water to our table. Can't tell you how the food is because we didn't get to try it....pretty stupid on his part because he would have made at least $100 off of our table of 11. We saved a lot of money by eating pizza at the daiquiri place next door though!You can't miss this place. When you start down Bourbon St. from Canal it will be just to your right - there's no door, it's just an open entrance and there's usually some guy trying to get you to come in and take your order.
Local bartenders always willing to talk about where you REALLY need to go in this town. Good selection at the bar. Nice TV's showing the game. The line for the bathroom gets kinda long at times - its location is so convenient!
It's not cheap but they sure give you a ton of food, and you will not need to eat for a long time afterwards. Of course, you'll probably want to fill yourself up before heading down the rest of Bourbon to get smashed...We ate here last night. Kelly was our waitress and she was wonderful! The food was excellent as well. I absolutely loved the crawfish étouffée. We had never eaten here before, or any Cajun restaurant. Kelly was very helpful with her suggestions.Only 4 stars because all I had were oysters, but those were delicious! Literally stepped in off the street, and was pleasantly surprised by the wonderful service (thanks Doc!) and the fresh and excellent oysters with the migonette sauce on the side. Love it! Wish I got the dozen instead of the half dozen!Visited La Bayou last Friday night.  Here are my recommendations:
Take a break from the crowd.  
Sit at the oyster station and have a chat with the shuckers.  
Drink a few strong adult beverages.  
Enjoy fantastic people watching.  
Eat some bread pudding. 
La Bayou is located on a quieter section of Bourbon St just one short block from Canal St.  The street side of the restaurant was wide open creating an airy dinning room and the perfect opportunity to view the constant stream of partiers walking by.  We sat at a small "bar" off to the side that functions as a oyster shucking station. The men working there were very friendly and talking to them was quite entertaining. You can order, eat and drink from this bar and that's exactly what we did.  We had a few drinks and some bread pudding before heading back out to Bourbon.  The drinks were strong.  I didn't care for the bread pudding because it was much more like cake than pudding and the sauce was very sparse. 
I might visit again for drinks and atmosphere but I'll skip the dessert.The fried shrimp is excellent. I had the stuff fish wow it was fabulous!! Great New Orleans atmosphere on Bourbon street.This was my first time at this restaurant and my first trip to New Orleans as an adult.  The location is great and the open air air feel was awesome.  Our waiter was adequate, not much personality.  The draft beer is good, nice & cold.  The food is above average but a bit overpriced in my opinion.  Given all the great eating establishments in Nola this one is not all that memorable.I learned about Le Bayou in a way that could only happen in New Orleans. With a friend we were walking up Canal Street, trying to find a place that served barbecue shrimp. A woman walking by us overheard the conversation and told us she works at Le Bayou. She says she is on her way to work and we can walk back with her. In an only in New Orleans way, by the time we arrive at the restaurant we are old friends. Barbecue shrimp is fabulous here. It is not barbecued but has a mildly spicy sauce that is similar to what Portuguese restaurants call Mozambique. Combine that dish with fried oysters and a nice beer and you are assured of a blissful evening.One of the worst dining experiences I've had. Other than the fried gator and the shrimp and grits, the food was sub par. The service was mediocre and our waiter split our check into 7 different checks instead of 2. 
Judging by the quick response from the manager, perhaps my party arrived on an off day for the restaurant. It is because the manager took the time to rectify the situation that makes me willing to give the restaurant another chance if I'm ever in New Orleans again.Fried alligator was amazing and the entrees were also delicious. The service was just right for the occasion, nothing too fancy. I love that you can do a little people-watching from almost anywhere in the restaurant. This was my first real New Orleans meal and I'd definitely recommend it.I loved this place! The roast beef po boy was the best sandwich that I have ever had. I went with a group of 10, got seated right away and everyone in my group LOVED their meal. Even our vegetarian friend loved her eggplant sandwich! Delish!I come every time I come to New Orleans and I love it! Great friendly service, great drinks and I always love the crawfish cakes!Three of us enjoyed a very nice lunch here and there was a Yelp coupon available when I checked in for a free appetizer - can't beat that!! I had the red beans and rice - delicious!!! Also enjoyed a half doz raw oysters - perfectly shucked and nicely seasoned! The other folks in our party enjoyed their meals equally as much.  Staff was super nice and very attentive. Nice on tap beer selection. If there's a line to get into Acme, skip it and give this place a try - we did and it was all good!!I came here with a group of friends because they saw it as we walked through the French Quarter. The placed is a bit overpriced, but I suppose it's because of the location in a touristy area. The food was the only thing that was good about this place. I tried the shrimp and grits, which was good. The shrimp were large and perfectly cooked with a pile of grits in the middle with a stack of fried green tomatoes on top. The reason that my rating is so low is because the service was terrible. The servers had a huge attitude all night and hardly came to our table to check up on us. I would get take out next time.Overpriced bland food, ok service, there must be better options in town, still haven't found them, for a city known for its spicy flavors I have yet to be impressed. Help!!I wanted to try oysters while in New Orleans and went with this place. While looking at the menu on the door, the chef out of nowhere showed up behind us and started talking about the food items we were looking at, and it was hilarious because he came out of nowhere! He said he'll make anything any way we liked, and got us a table right then and there. I got the baked oysters with artichoke, spinach, and cheese, and it was to die for. I've never had such delicious oysters. It came with bacon too but I asked for it without bacon and they happily obliged. My boyfriend got the popcorn crab caesar salad and it was great too. The atmosphere was really down to earth and homey. Too bad I was too full to try the fried cheesecake! Will definitely go back next time I'm in town!Excellent food. Definitely excellent food. Great staff. The manager, George checked so many times. Great restaurant.I was not very impressed. We went for a late dinner (around midnight). We ordered boudin as an app and I had étouffée as my entree. The étouffée was lukewarm and the rice in the dish was undercooked. Our waiter was hard to track down but once I did we let him know about the food and he kindly comped my dish. That was very nice of him but I would not recommend this place. There are better options in the areaLast night was our first night in NOLA ever and our waiter Joe was the absolute BEST!!! Not only was he wonderfully charming but so helpful too!!! He gave us a map and marked his favorite spots to check out while we are here! As a New Yorker I cannot express how much this is appreciated!! The best recommendations are always from Locals and it was so nice of him to take the time to do that for us! Also the food was OUTSTANDING!! But made all the better by the awesomeness of Joe!! Give him a raise! Thank you Joe for such a warm welcome to your beautiful city!!Muffelina good. Big easy po boy average. Not impressed sampler platter. Not bad for sure but not our best meal here....service good. Hurricane good.AMAZING!!! The food was awesome. We went on a whim and tried it out. I was very impressed by how good the food was. The atmosphere was fun and energetic too. I don't normally go back to a restaurant in New Orleans because there are so many, but I'm defiantly going back. So many choices and very good prices.The food we chose was awesome! This place was recommended by the front desk at our hotel. So we came here... our very first night. We arrived at New Orleans around midnight... and stopped by at 2a.m. My boyfriend and I had fried alligator, shrimp po'boy, french onion soup, and 'Taste of New Orleans'. 
The first time we went, we had the french onion soup and the fried alligator.  This french onion soup had to be the best french onion soup i have had so far. It was the reason we came back a second time. The gator meat was amazing... definitely not what i was expecting. Best comparison for the meat would have to be popcorn chicken. 
The second time, we had the french onion soup (again) and the 'taste of New Orleans' which has the shrimp jambalaya, shrimp etouffee, and the gumbo. This is a great choice if you have had none of the three... but want to try them. My person ranking would be the etouffee... gumbo... and then the jambalaya. 
The service is so-so (deducted one star), and its a bit cramped (due to being a small bar/ restaurant on Bourbon St. I would actually deduct a star for the location, since it can be distracting and there is just garbage everywhere in front of the establishment (but what can you expect from Bourbon St.? 
Great place if you want to be in a good spot of Bourbon st and people watch as you dine.Had the Baked Bayou... And it was superb! The Swamp Water is a little too tangy for my tastes but overall it's a great restaurant. My girlfriend had the fried shrimp and said they were seasoned perfectly and the Shrimp Remolaude appetite is a MUST HAVEMy fiancée and I got the dozen oyster and 6 ya ya oysters !!!! Amazingggg !!!! We also got the boudin sausage the old version not on the menu !! Our waiter Charlie was great !!!!!!!!! We also sat on the balcony .. Got to see the bourbon action while eating ! 5 stars!The Hurricane was one of the best I've had so far in NOLA.  And the waitstaff were extremely friendly and helpful.The staff was nice, food was ok. We used the free app coupon for the alligator and had craw dads and the four dinner sampler for dinner. 
My drink had a fruit fly in it, which they changed quickly. The whole front of the restaurant is open, so it's understandable to have those things happen. 
If I had looked at the address I would have chose another place. It is right on bourbon st making it touristy.Monster oysters - and I'm a big fan. I sat at the bar and enjoyed all appetizers and the shrimp Ya-Ya with the Barbecue shrimp complemented the oysters with a cold brew. Ahh, this is what New Orleans and The French Quarter are all about.
The shucker, who was also my server, was very generous with his servings, he treated me like the king of Bourbon Street. Oh man, this is what I'm talking about.
Enjoy the fun and the great food. Oh ya-ya...Great service but food had a lot left to be desired. The best item was the crawfish cakes. The Hurricane I had seemed more juice than liquor.Teddy at the oyster bar is awesome! Don't wait in line at Acme. Get your oysters here! Great service. Delicious food.Right when arriving in New Orleans and checking into our hotel, we decided to go exploring. But in mid June it is hard to explore far when you get hit with that humid heat when you are a dried out Coloradan. So we popped into the first place that looked cool as we walked down Bourbon, Le Bayou. 
Enticed by a crowded dining area, air conditioned refuge, and the sweet smell of their Cajun food, we are glad we stopped in.
We posted up at the bar and were greeted right away. The Yelp deal for a free app was tempting but we weren't hungry enough to dive into two entrees so we decided to have a couple drinks and see where things went. 
The service was great, two bartenders were very helpful, the one with the interesting dreads was especially friendly and gracious. We ordered the Shrimp Remoulade which was outstanding!! We left very satisfied and glad we stopped in.When staying in New Orleans in the French Quarter, there is no shortage restaurants from which to chose. We had just arrived after a long day's drive, were tired and didn't want to have to change to go out to eat. After checking into our hotel, we decided to wander down Bourbon St. and look for a place to get dinner while not feeling out of place in our casual tourist dress.
As we walked by, the Le Bayou Restaurant caught our attention. Unlike many places which are bars that happen to serve food, the Le Bayou is a restaurant first. It was almost full with casual dinners. We looked at the menu and found the prices to be reasonable.
So we stopped in, got seated and ordered dinner.  I had the Blackened Shrimp & Cajun Jambalaya and my wife had the Redfish Court Bouillon. We both enjoyed our meals and thought we got good value for the price. The place were I took away a star was the price of the drinks. A Hurricane was $11 and a pint of Abita Amber $8.50. At Pat O'Brien's we paid $8.50 for a Hurricane and $3.25 for a 12 oz. bottle of Dos Equis.
If you're in the French Quarter and looking for reasonable priced seafood in a casual setting, try the Le Bayou Restaurant. Grab a round of drinks with dinner but get other rounds elsewhere.We walked in last minute with what started as 12 people and grew to over 20. Our server was a sweetheart and took great care of all of us! The bouncer was also super helpful and help expand our table...a few times. The food was pretty good and the people were awesome!Okay place. Full bar. Open late. Zero real food options , if you're vegan, but hey- it's New Orleans, so no surprise there. 
Finally came up with a side of tortilla chips to tide me over with cocktails until my husband finished his oysters. 
Great service.Christina H was an awesome Server and sooo very nice! Great food! Enjoyed our experience and would come back again!:)
Had the Blackened fish salad and it was wonderful! And the Big Easy Po Boy! Awesome!Excellent food and the best service I've ever had. Kelly is a phenomenal waitress. We had an awesome time! Get the jambalaya and fried cheesecake.So here Niki and I are on Bourbon Street in The Big Easy. It's our first day and her first time here and we are both hungry. Now one would believe that you couldn't find good eats on a street known for Strip Clubs, Theme Bars, Sex shops but that is simply not the case in New Orleans. 
While walking up and down I noticed a place called La Bayou. The menu looked great and the prices were very reasonable so we gave it a try. The atmosphere here is straight up Gator Alley which easily explains the name of the place. Fancy??? Not at all but we were seated right away and our drink order taken promptly. I do like good service. 
After scanning the menu I decided to start with raw oysters and for the meal I ordered the Creole sampler which consisted of Jambalaya, Crawfish Ettoffe, and Gumbo. What a treat!!! After enjoying my Abita IPA (I'm into IPA's at the moment) I ordered another which came with our starter. Perfect timing I'd say. The oysters were perfectly shucked and very tasty. The usual sides of horseradish, cocktail sauce, and hot sauce made the usual perfect combination. I love oysters, especially when done right.
A short while after the oysters were done the entrees arrived. Everything looked great, and so it begins. The Jambalaya, and Crawfish Ettoffe were very good and full of all the good stuff that you would expect. No skimping or cutting corners here. The gumbo was OK, It had alot of chicken and sausage but I prefer more seafood than chicken in my gumbo. It was not the best I have ever tasted but far from the worst. Id give it a 6 edging on 7 as far as gumbo goes.
We had a very good and tasty time at La Bayou so when you are in town and looking for a good and casual place to sample come creole, give La Bayou a try and sink your teeth into some fine vittles.It wasn't terrible wasn't good. The shrimp and grits were SALTY. The crawfish cakes were cool.Good food but bad attitudes!
The server didn't know the difference between the alligator beverage (on the menu) and the alligator appetizer. Even though I asked him to add an extra shot to the alligator beverage I ordered. Then he had the nerve to blame me for the mistake when he brought fried alligator to the table. After that incident he continued to ignore us until the bill came. I never even got my drink. TERRIBLE SERVE!
Try tour guiding the menu buddy!We had a fabulous dinner on a first night in NOLA.  The oysters were the freshest and most delicious I've had anywhere.  We both had the shrimp and grits Napoleon with fried green tomatoes and every bite was wonderful.  The service couldn't have been better and we'd highly recommend this Bourbon Street restaurant.We had the crawfish, oysters, and drinks. We both thought it was pretty good. Service was good as was the food. No complaints!Food is excellent an the service is top notch....always my first stop on bourbon. I love there wine a selection an gumbo. Food is price perfectly for the quality of food an service u receive!!!!! Definitely going back!!This was the most disappointing restaurant we visited, food was pedestrian at best and the service while friendly, feel far short of their reviews. We asked for an extra plate and an extra steak knife, the 2nd request 15 minutes later, did yield a knife, but they are still looking for that elusive extra plate... We had the blackened ribeye which apparently meant it was cooked in a black skillet, not that it was properly spiced, it was flavorless. It also was a very poor cut of meat. Le Bayou and Denny's shop at the same source. We also made the mistake of adding the jumbo lump crab. For the $9 bucks they appear to have opened a can of crab meat in water, and put a heaping table spoon on, unheated and unseasoned, but it did look like crab meat. The steamed veggies were fresh and properly cooked, but alas even salt was forgotten. The manager highly recommended the house special desert, fried cheese cake with a strawberry glaze. After a full 30 minutes of waiting my advice is don't order it, it is a deep fried piece of store bought cheese cake, with canned strawberry pie filling drizzled on it.  It may be good after a whole bunch of drinks, but unless you have killed your tastebuds, it's a waste of $10 bucks.   All in all, this is not a place worth visiting.Really tasty. Had the Shrimp & Grits Napoleon. Delicious, creamy, and filling. Bartender was really friendly.The evening started off well. It was our last night in New Orleans and we wanted to experience sitting on a balcony/gallery, surrounded by cast iron work. When we arrived, there were unfortunately no seats available on the balcony. But very shortly after arriving, a table opened up and we moved outside. The server seemed friendly. We ordered a couple drinks and a plate of baked oysters. The drinks came and we ordered our dinners. I was to get the grilled shrimp po' boy and my partner ordered the fried shrimp po' boy, no lettuce as he is allergic. We were assured several times our food would be there in a minute. Eventually, the po' boys came out -- but no oysters. My partner's fried shrimp po' boy came out as the cold shrimp po' boy with lettuce. We sent it back. It came back as the cold shrimp po' boy without lettuce. We sent it back and it eventually came out. My po' boy was correct from the beginning. I found a wonderful roll, butter toasted with lettuce and pickles and a scant amount of shrimp. I tasted more bread and pickles than shrimp. Towards the end of the meal, the oysters came out. One might assume that since we were told the kitchen was backed up, the oysters might come out piping hot. Not the case. They were lukewarm and the cheese had congealed. While they were in oyster shells, I couldn't find any oysters. Also, to eat them, I had to get up and personally find silverware and napkins, even though we had asked for them. When I went inside, I stood at the server station for a minute and no one inquired why I was there, so I helped myself to two sets and went back. The waiter was really nice, but not once did we get an apology for the wrong orders/cold food. The manager never even came out. I can only assume the server never informed him. I tried to get his attention on the way out, but I couldn't. 
It was our last night in New Orleans.Attentive service. Seated and taken care of immediately. Kenneth the waiter was adorable and helpful. Food good and reasonable . I had the sampler which gave me a great taste of Nola!Fun spot to grab a beverage. Quirky crowd. Loud atmosphere. If you are looking for an upbeat kind of place, start here.Okay, the red beans & rice is good too. YUMMIEST!!!!!! Roscoe was a good server too. I love the kids. Good luck in love & life bro!A nice place on Bourbon Street for lunch.  Tried an alligator Po-Boy for my first time.  It was really good, especially with the creaole sauce they gave me.  Fries were a little cold.  Iced tea was refreshing.  Waitress was delightful.Convenience has a price, though at the end of my meal. I was completely satisfied.
This place is quite appealing with it's welcoming appearance. The window walls wide open just ask anyone coming by to set their sights inside. Soaking in the atmosphere you sense the natural vibe of southern/Cajun. It's not all up in your face but noticeable and appealing. I had the muffuletta. Oily but I should have expected as much. Delicious textured bread and a side of crispy fries. 
Wait staff was very nice and was eager to answer any questions if needed.Open late to satisfy you when you are having the drunk food munchies.  The menu is very large and it's pretty cool the doors open out to Bourbon Street.
I had the chargrilled oysters which were good - but nothing amazing.  Servers are friendly and patient.  Prices are very cheap.  this is a good place to grab a bite to eat and pace yourself for round two of drinking.  Nothing really wowed me and I wouldn't recommend this as a place to make it a reservation.Coming from a landlocked state, we were pretty excited to hit up a local spot for some oysters.  We ended up sitting at the actual oyster bar and had a wonderful time.  Preston, who was behind the bar working to prepare the oysters, was so fun and entertaining and definitely made our night.  He was swamped, but always got us what we needed and had the funniest stories to tell.  The food was also really delicious and we were thrilled to be able to sit and watch the Bronco game (yes, even in Saints territory!).fried alligator wast ok but the crawfish etouffee was excellent. Good food and good service for a good price.I stopped in here late one night to grab a bite to eat. I had to try the muffaletta, since I had heard so many good things. Sadly, the muffaletta here was horrible The bread was way too hard and the flavors just didn't work. This was my first muffaletta, so I thought I just wouldn't like them at all. I only had one bite when I decided there had to be better options. The last day of our trip we hit Central Grocery, had the muffaletta, changed my life!  I also tried the fried fish po boy, it was good but nothing special. Serve food late which is good, but from my selections I would look elsewhere.The food was hit or miss for me. The crawfish etoufette was to die for, but the gumbo was mediocre. I was disappointed that the Jumbaliyah wasn't more flavorful. Somewhat overpriced, but not terribly.I'll certainly agree with the general consensus that La Bayou could fall into the tourist trap category, but they actually had some decent items on the menu. Late this past summer, I had their fried gator (Pontchartrain) and it wasn't bad at all. The red beans and rice with Andouille was thick, and seasoned well. The rest of the crew had shrimp po' boys and even a shrimp pesto dish with no complaints. Then again, how can you screw up a fried shrimp po' boy? . . . 
Seating is generally quick, and the service is good - although we had a recently divorced waitress that was definitely "scarred" so that was a bit weird. Drinks are tasty, and the beer is cold. For being directly on bourbon street, La Bayou is worth a quick trip though for smaller bites. In a city like New Orleans, if you're looking for true, deep, Cajun or creole - you're probably going to have to get "off the grid". For those visiting the French Quarter area, you can find a little of that NOLA flavor at La Bayou.Service was great. We were seated right away and our server came up right away. Surprising for Mardi Gras. She was very attentive. Boudin was yummy.  Burgers were just ok, but why go to a Cajun restaurant and order a burger.This place deserves more stars. FO SHO.
We walked in with a group of 6 on a warm Wednesday night and though the place was pretty packed, they combined two tables and had us seated quickly. The service was prompt and friendly. Plus beers were 2 for 1 -- which is always awesome. The crab meat was so scrumptious. And the oysters on the half shell still have my mouth waterting months later. 
This is a great place to fuel up before a long night of partying on Bourbon St. and it's just down the block from the Royal Sonesta, if you are staying there. 
I loved how the whole front of the restaurant was opened up to the street and you had big fans circulating the air so it didn't get too hot.
I will be back for sure!Amazing raw oysters! We ordered the raw oysters Bloody Mary and it was amazing. Also tried the shrimp with fried green tomato appetizer. Both were delicious!People say avoid most of the restaurants on Buorbon street because they're not that good and mostly a tourist trap.
Shoot, wish I would have heard that before stopping here my first night!
It wasn't totally horrible, but the waiter didn't know the difference between parsley and spinach on one of the dishes we ate. Uh... dork!
The Fried Green Tomato appetizer was actually really good and I liked that there were fresh shrimp on top, nice surprise as it wasn't mentioned in the menu.
My entree Crawfish Etouffee was a real let down. The Crawfish were fried and breaded!!! What the heck?? Even NOLA natives said this isn't how it's supposed to be made.
If going here, stick with the bar-food and drinks. It's not the best for intelligent service or excellent food.First off, the food is pretty awesome and the prices are affordable for a New Orleans eatery right on Bourbon St.
We had the Jambalaya Pasta, Oyster Platter and Bayou Burger. All amazing!
Our waiter was friendly and did a great job serving us.
And we were lucky enough to be seated on the 2nd story balcony outside overlooking Bourbon St. While we were dining we were lucky to watch a New Orleans style wedding march and a funeral procession. Both lively and celebratory. It was great fun dining and people watching.
Can't think of anything bad to say about the place. We were going for the Acme Oyster House around the corner but it was so crowded with a long line going around the block.  Le Bayou seemed packed as well but no line. We were taken up to the balcony almost immediately.
Being on Bourbon St. this dining establishment is lively and noisy. As expected. If you're looking for a quiet dining experience this isn't the place! ;)First off I am from NOLA and took my fiance here for her first taste of French quarter fair. We were greeted by a very friendly waiter right away. Drinks were good. She had shrimp creole and I had a crawfish po'boy. My po'boy came out with no sauce and the bread cold so it was very dry and bland. Her shrimp creole was great until we noticed the last shrimp on her plate was severely undercooked. Take advice from a local and DRINK on Bourbon St. EAT somewhere else. There are many great restaurants on the side streets of the French quarter. Le Bayou is Le Bummer!It was a cute place and the food was wonderful!  The shrimp and grits napoleon was soooooo  good.  When we get back thats the first things i am going to eat! The sample plate was great too and the bread pudding....forgetaboutit....it was awesome too!Midday snack - dozen oysters 1/2 Bayou Baked and 1/2 Ya-Ya chargrilled.  Oysters were plump and very flavorful.  They allow outside drinks so we were able to bring in out ice cold daiquiris and sit at the bar.Taste of the Bayou. A combination of Cajun jambalaya, crawfish etouffée, red beans and rice and chicken and Andouille sausage gumbo
Also, boudin, southern fried fish PO-boy, Alligator PO-boy and crawfish platter.   Let's just say, after one bite of the étouffée and my daughters eyes rolled to the back of her head. It was that good!!!!