Perfect everything! Service, ambiance, and food. In love with this place. Loved the avocado boba! It's the small details here that make this place special. The owner and all the staff were warm and welcoming. We ordered the lemongrass pork Banh mi and lemongrass beef vermicelli.I had the Lemongrass Banh Mi and Vietnamese iced coffee.  My husband had the traditional breakfast - scrambled eggs, bacon, grits and a biscuit.  Both were to die for!  Can't wait to come back and try something else on the menu.  I highly recommend this place!The Pho is Phonominal! And Le is super sweet and makes great boba teas! The atmosphere is really quiet and quaint and is a hidden gem in the middle of the neighborhood. Definitely will be a favorite spot in the future!We had the grilled chicken baguette and the pho tai and it was delicious! They also have boba tea which was tasty (we had mango and banana). I love that they are open late (9pm) so I can come by for a great dinner after getting out of work late. It was their one month anniversary last night, Cheers to many more!I had the grilled shrimp vermicelli bowl and it was pretty good. I love Vietnamese food, this place is good but not the best in the city.Went here twice in the span of a 3 day trip to NOLA. The shrimp and grits were creamy and savory. The Pho Tom was delicious--my favorite!! The owner Mike was very friendly! I highly recommend if you're in the area. Only con is it is strictly street parking, but it appeared that most of the businesses in that area had the same.Great food! I really enjoyed the pork Banh Mi and pork egg rolls! The only complaint I have is that they had forgotten to give me my ice tea and lemonade to go ... which cost $3.55 per 8 oz drink. Seems a lot to me. I also received the wrong tea ... was suppose to get the citrus green tea but was given just regular tea. Otherwise I really enjoyed the food and how friendly the owner Michael was as I came through the door!This is a new'ish uptown gem. The family is lovely and the setting calming and charming. The food is fresh and some of my favorite Vietnamese on this side of the river. They make fresh ice teas the green and raspberry mixed unsweetened is a delightful treat for lunch.My family ate here Sunday morning. I was happy to find that they serve there full menu for all day on the weekend. I had the pork belly steamed bun and some Pho. It was delicious. Glad to find this neighborhood gem.The pork banh mi is amazing - so fresh and on fabulous bread.  My brother in law had the pho and I had a little taste - have to go back for that for sure!  The broth was so incredible - real depth of flavor.  The Le family is so welcoming - great to have this place so close to my home!Went there for breakfast. Great Vietnamese iced coffer. Very friendly owner. Also great back patio space. Will be great during the fall. Also I think you could byob.Outstanding food and service, I recommend the shrimp, pork belly and lemon grass Banh miOwner was super nice even though my family came in with tons of luggage and took foorever to eat, . Food was good and very reasonably priced.  Ban mis, pho, vietnamese coffee were all tasty. 5 starrrzFood was excellent. Staff was great and friendly. Pork belly ruled. It's a quiet place with good atmosphere.Best Banh mi and Pho in uptown! They get their bread from Dong Phuong (the renowned king cake bakery) and it makes for a phenomenal sandwich!This place is really great! The owners are kind and attentive to the customers and to the space, always checking to make sure tables are spot free and greeting people. 
The food is totally delicious. I've had the lemongrass pork vermicelli and the pho and both were incredible. Their bread is from dong phuong, can't wait to try!! Iced coffee is also really good. 
Definitely check this little spot out. They also have WiFi, outlets and pleasant seating for those looking to get work done.Delicious oyster banh mi. Can you get that just anywhere? No. Avocado bubble tea without bubbles for me...yummy!Great neighborhood spot. Friendly staff and tasty food. The buns were great - we had shrimp and pork! Also ordered the bbq pork belly Banh mi and chicken pho. 
Overall great experience and looking forward to going back soonYummy pork vermicelli in a cozy and comfortable atmosphere.  Friendly owners!  Try the pork belly sliders.The pork belly banh mi was amazing. Possibly one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Thai tea boba was on point too.I was starving as I stopped to the cleaners and I found the quaint and cute cafe! The food is perfect. I got the chicken vermicelli bowl with egg roll and my Mawmaw got a tuna melt. She's not accustomed to eating Vietnamese food, but she fairly enjoyed her meal. I have to admit the bowl was perfect. I cannot wait to come back to try the pho.Great banh mi sandwiches! Michael is very personable and helpful. He sort of has an advantage because he gets to start with the great bread available in New Orleans. We will be back with friendsVery pleasant little neighborhood sandwich shop that just opened in the former location of Il Posto. They continue the tradition of serving excellent coffee in a clean, friendly and quiet atmosphere.
They do have a small breakfast/brunch menu but it's the Banh Mi that are the real stars here. A variety of salads and some rotating soups fill out the rest of the menu. Sidewalk seating is available for those who wish it.
Overall a pleasant place for a working lunch of long coffee break. The Vietnamese iced coffee is wonderful and brewed fresh right in front of you. 
The staff is friendly and the service was excellent. Overall this is a great and welcome addition to the neighborhood.I was starving after a Yelp Gets Physical event when I popped onto Yelp to check my bookmarks and discovered that Le's was nearby. I decided to head over and get myself some dinner to go.
Finding the restaurant was super easy and parking was a breeze. As soon as I walked in one of the owners, Michael, shook my hand and greeted me. "You came to the right place!", he proclaimed and I was instantly happy that I had chosen this spot for dinner.
Ordering is simple: let them know what you want at the counter and sit and wait for your order to be ready. I decided to get the five spice bbq pork vermicelli bowl with an egg roll on the side. It was ready pretty fast and I was on my way within 10 minutes.
After I got my meal home and dug in, I was blown away. Not only was the portion HUGE, but it was packed with flavor. I liked that they put the sauce on the side in little cups, so that I can add it myself. The egg roll was great and was a perfect addition to the bowl. For $12 it was a great dinner and very filling. This wasn't some puny little salad- this was a meal.
I'm eager to go back and try their pho and some of their sandwiches. The staff is beyond friendly and welcoming and the food is great!I am really surprised by the rave reviews here. We went in today and tried the lemongrass beef, lemongrass chicken, and the pork belly bao. The bun on all three was dry and hard. To the point that I ate the meat and left most of the bun on the chicken and beef. The pork belly itself was inedible. It was so overcooked and tough that I spit it out. So, the pork belly bao basically ended up with a bite out from each of us. This was a total waste of $30, and if this was my first experience with bao, I'd probably never try it again. Thankfully, however, there is other bao within our fair city that has light, fluffy buns and delicious meat fillings. It just isn't at Le's Baguette.Looking for authentic Vietnamese dishes or a place to enjoy coffee? Look no further! You'll find delicious spring rolls, pho and vermicelli bowls. Bubble teas are made before your eyes with fresh fruit, prepared by the friendly Le family in a cute cafe. They also serve breakfast items like shrimp and grits, yummy cinnamon rolls, and coffee/tea. Free wifi and newspapers!Really great place. It's super close to st. Charles, so I can walk there, food is great, service is wonderful, they serve wine and beer & u can eat in or out! 
I've now eaten there 3 times and each time I find something I like better. Takeout or dine in, they are the way to go!So, we are from Hawaii and we wanted a local place, not in the downtown area. I wanted coffee in a small local cafe. We found this place by accident BUT I LOVE THE VIBE, THE PEOPLE, THE SERVICE, AND ESPECIALLY THE FOOD!! I would come back here every time I visited! Totally worth the amount we paid!Michael & Michelle Le are the owners of this new business on Dryades. They personally greeted me when I walked in. Such a warm and inviting Café. The menu is pretty extensive and the seating is ample, with the ability to accommodate small, medium, and large groups. The location is great and there's lots of free on-street parking in the local neighborhood. 
I had the Vietnamese Coffee ($4.50) and the Shrimp bahn mi (Vietnamese Po Boy; $9). The Coffee was rich and quite strong. Part of the lure for this beverage is the brewing process, which completes at your table. It's basically an espresso with condensed milk over ice. A nice summer drink, which was perfect to support my study group plans after lunch. The shrimp bahn mi was totally unexpected for me - it was not at all like the typical New Orleans fried shrimp Po Boy. Instead, it was a healthier, lighter version, with sautéed shrimp, fresh coleslaw, jalapeños, and a house-made remoulade. Quite delicious and not too heavy. 
Both Michelle and Michael stopped by to check on me and whether my meal was to my liking. Great service! I'll be back for sure!I am glad with these guys in the neighborhood!!
My first visit for a light dinner was a couple of days ago. I ordered the Five spices bbq pork belly vermicelli noodle bowl, shrimp and pork spring rolls and a glass of Sauvignon blanc.
The ingredients used in our dishes were fresh and flavorful! The portions are generous and service is two thumbs up!
Very kind and friendly and quick. I enjoyed the wine too and am happy that they offer alcoholic beverages.
I was sad that Magasin (my staple for great Vietnamese food) closed for renovation but Le's Baguettes has me smiling again :)
Too bad the former business owners didn't seem to care to maintain the place. Now it looks fabulous and CLEAN! The new owners kept (part of) the furniture, restyled the dining area and counter area and it looks great!We got the tofu banh mi and oyster and shrimp baos. The homemade sauce set off the refreshing and delicious dish. Will be coming back to try other dishes off the menu.Quaint and cute vietnamese restaurant tucked away on Dryades. Try the Goi Cuon, expertly wrapped served with peanut sauce like Mom used to make. Baos like pillowly mounds of explosive flavor (pork belly or soft shelled crab are my go-tos). And the Pho tastes like heavenly morning dew warmed to the perfect temp and served with the healthiest of Vietnamese greenery! 
10/10 would get happily fat againThis review is for the pho and the boba tea. I will rate the pho as unimpressive, but I give complements that they provide a plastic bowl for you to eat the pho in when you order takeout. If you're looking for pho, the best spots uptown are on Magazine. As for the boba tea, they are overpriced at $5.50, and taste artificial like they're made from powder, so I do not recommend trying one. (Ordered the Avocado boba tea).This was my first time here, and I really enjoyed the food abd atmosphere. Very familial and friendly. The BBQ pork Bao Buns were delicious. We also tried the Grilled Lemongrass Chicken Banh Mi, which was yummy and great to share for a nice lunch. The staff is very funny and welcoming. I would definitely come back on my next visit to NOLA. The happy hour seems great!Cute Vietnamese spot! Used to be Il Posto. They serve wine as well as coffee... so perfect for whatever mood you are in.  The tofu spring rolls and steamed buns were spot on.  They also have outside seating. Nice addition to this up and coming area!Great Vietnamese iced coffee and pork belly, best place in town if you don't want to drive to east NOLA. Wonderful place to keep working after great food, hope Les Baguette thrives and the owner opens multiple restaurants across town! 
Their coffee is wayyyy better than hipster-central French Truck across the street. Don't go there, stay and eat at Les Baguette!Have tried the Shrimp PoBoy and the Lemongrass Pork vermicelli bowl...oh! And the banana Boba! All were excellent! Super sweet owner and it's clear that he wants to make you very happy.This is by far the best veggie pho I have ever tried! I have tried many places in Southern California and nothing can compare to this broth. The customer service was excellent. The staff was nice and friendly. Absolutely love the fact that there is vegetarian and vegan options that is a plus. It's a gem nestled in uptown. A must try.Absolutely the best Vietnamese restaurant in NOLA. The bahn mi lemongrass pork is amazing. And the beef pho is so flavorful. Not to mention the owners are so sweet.Cute lil place! Great service. Clean. I just came 8n to get boba tea
 Will update once i have tried the food. Boba was delish!I went here with my mother and we absolutely LOVED it. I got matcha boba tea and tofu bao buns. I loved the atmosphere and location. They had very quick service, and great employees!Cute atmosphere, I prefer this as a chill study/coffee/hangout over the overrated French Truck across the street (with better coffee than FT too IMO). Excellent service, I come here all the time for my go-to: a chicken noodle bowl with added egg rolls. Switched it up last time I went and ordered a turkey panini, it was delicious, but not as good choice for the price as the noodle bowls are. Generous portion sizes and delicious food, all for a good value.I've been here a few times and have generally loved my experiences. 
The Banh Mi are great and they have veggie Vietnamese egg rolls!!! Which is amazing because my boyfriend doesn't eat pork so we never get to order them together. Taste just like the pork version. The bubble tea is also great here. 
I think I'd come here if I was craving sandwiches or wanted coffee or bubble tea. Their pho is okay, but not as great as all the other Vietnamese restaurants - it's much more light than others. 
The family who runs it is super nice and offer great service. The older gentleman who served us was particularly kind.Tried Le's Baguette for the first time since I moved in around the corner a few weeks back. We ordered to go - three types of bao (lemongrass chicken, lemongrass pork, and shrimp, which I was pleasantly surprised to discover was NOT deep fried). Two come to an order for $7, $7, and $5, respectively. It was just right to stave off hunger as we were rushing to a basketball game. Everything was yummy and the staff was pleasant and had the food ready earlier than the 15 minute estimate they made me when I called in. We will definitely be back to try more from their menu.I finally passed by on Thursday afternoon! Amazing! We tried the Grilled Lemongrass Beef Bahn Mi and the BBQ Pork Belly Bao - simply delicious! Also had a Boba Thai Tea, and at the last minute a Boba Mango Smoothie - really good! 
We will be back soon!!My partner and I were visiting New Orleans for a weekend and found this place randomly while we were driving around nearby. It's a small neighborhood cafe. I ordered the five spice pork belly banh mi and my partner had the shrimp banh mi. They were both delicious! The menu items are a cool blend of Vietnamese and NOLA fare. If I lived in this area, I'd definitely come back for more. I want to try the fried oyster banh mi next time I'm in town.Completely magical visit. Coffee meets Vietnamese spot run by a Vietnamese family that has been in NOLA for more than 40 years. The bahn mis were on point according to my non gluten-free homies, and the Pho Ga was bowl-slurpingly good--some of the best I've had anywhere in the country. 
Add to that some solid southern menu with dishes like shrimp and grits and biscuits and you've pretty much got perfection. Just plan for a long battle with the itis if you eat pho and grits for breakfast like I decided to do today. 
Anyway all of the stars!Let me just say that this place is delicious! Initially we were looking for a place for brunch but the banh mi just spoke to me. It's a cute little place in the middle of a neighborhood. Why not?! Parking is limited but worth the search. Let me tell you about this baguette on the banh mi! It's light and fluffy and perfect. I ordered the pork belly banh mi and it did not disappoint. Did I mention it was amazing? It was amazing! They do have some pretty nice selection on breakfast but we opted for a more Asian route and did some pho, pork egg rolls, and pork belly banh mi. There's some espresso drinks but I chose wine with our meal. Definitely worth the stop if you're in the area.One of my favorite places for Vietnamese food. Mr. Le is always so welcoming. They have a fried oyster banh mi that I have not seen anywhere else. It is so good--you won't be disappointed.The owner is clearly very dedicated to his cafe. He is very friendly, funny, personable and looking to please his customers. The cooks pay attention to the detail of the flavors in dishes and the iced coffee was very well done.The five spice pork belly banh mi is out of this world. It is something I always come back for. There is no other sandwich place that does it the same with a pork belly sandwich. I also enjoy the baos that they have. The lemon grass chicken is good, too.So... the flavors were definitely all there. Very tasty little sandwich on nice crisp bread. Veggies and herbs seemed fresh and the aioli was good too. 
The only problem (for me anyway) was the size vs the price. $8 (before tax) is not exorbitant, true, but I thought it was too high for something that ultimately didn't fill me up. I'd even had a slice of cake pre-sandwich and was still able to finish it off with room to spare. 
My friend got a vermicelli bowl which she enjoyed, but again it looked a bit skimpy in comparison to the usual, and was $2 more than the banh mi. 
In summary, it's a cool spot, and worth a try, but I wouldn't visit on an empty stomach.First of all, I'm Vietnamese so I can get pretty picky with my Vietnamese food. I came in with my mom and we ordered iced coffee, oyster and pork steam buns and pho dac biet. 
Needless to say, the food here is INCREDIBLE! We got a chance to meet the owners and they are SO sweet and were able to describe how the food was made and how much love and soul they put into their dishes. 
Hands down the BEST oyster steam buns I have EVER had. The softness of the buns mixed with the sweet and tangy sauce and the crunch of the oysters and cabbage... you HAVE to order it and see for yourselves! 
The pork steam buns were really good too but not as great as the oysters! 
The pho dac biet was just like my mom's cooking (I totally felt like home and even my mom loved it so much!) the owner made sure that her cooking is just like home. I haven't had pho like this in awhile. 
All in all, I am definitely going to let all my friends know about this place and I will be coming back again and again!Perfect atmosphere, food, and bubble tea. The owner is super nice and friendly. Definitely will come backGreat family owned restaurant with a pleasant and welcoming atmosphere. Tasty food, sweet and attentive employees and clean (bathrooms included!).Whoa. I just stopped in for an early lunch and will be back often! My taste buds are in Hanoi for sure!! I had the tufu Bahn mi and a  Vietnamese ice coffee, both which were perfection. Excellent find.Service was great, but nothing in the restaurant stood out. Unfortunately, the Banh Mi was overwhelmed by what was suppose to be aioli, and tasted very heavy like mayonnaise. I feel like if the adjusted the aioli, it would be better. The pho didn't stand out so much to me. Would I come back? Maybe, in hopes they make some adjustments. Don't get me wrong, they have great service and all, however, the food. The sandwich made me feel queasy after from the "aioli," and the pho just seemed bland to me.Just had a HORRIBLE customer service experience at Le's Baguette. I live around the corner and probably order from them at least twice a month. Today I called on my way home from work and placed a to-go order. The man answering the phone was quite rude, and didn't sound like any of the employees I'd dealt with in the past. He tells me it will take 25 minutes, which is fine. I get there in about 20 minutes and when I walk in there's a younger guy preparing food and then an older man tells me he will be with me in a minute. The older man comes to the register and asks if he can help me. I tell him I called in an order for Marisa. The younger guy starts looking at his tickets and goes "Michelle?" I say no, Marisa, and tell him what the order was. He and the older man continue to look at tickets and paper slips. I tell them I called about 20 min ago. The young guy says he didn't get any orders except for Michelle's. What tipped this interaction over the edge is that the older woman behind the counter SAYS I called the WRONG NUMBER! Not "we're so sorry we will start making it right now," or "just give us a minute to finish this larger order and we will look again," but "you called the wrong number." I most certainly did NOT call the wrong number as evidenced by the below photo. I will be avoiding this place until they learn some decent customer service.Do you LOVE mayonnaise? If you don't, be advised, there is a metric ton of mayo on these sandwiches.this is such a great place for fast viet food. i love their five-spice pork belly banh mi. it's not completely traditional, as they use sriracha mayo (mayo is not exactly a vietnamese staple) but it's still delicious nonetheless. the location is perfect, very close to french truck. i would spend some time studying at french truck and head over to le's for lunch. they have great prices as well.This place is amazing!!!  I ordered the vermicelli noodle bowl with grilled beef.  I added an order of egg rolls with it.  The beef was well marinated, veggies were super fresh and the egg rolls were crispy and delicious. I love their fish sauce too.  It was so good, I request extra on the side.  I would definitely recommend this place for authentic Vietnamese food.Not super impressed. The buns were very dry and tofu was alright. Nothing really stuck out as delicious.Best Pho in town! The family who runs and owns it are so sweet and nice. Love living close to it!Wander by this mighty but tiny spot on a dog walk and loved it! great boba teas, Banh Mi, water for the pup, and wonderful buns. Outdoor seating was a good spot to people watch.Simply put - THE BEST. I just moved here from Florida and have been trying different Vietnamese Restaurants around NOLA. I was so pleasantly surprised today to have freshest, most flavorful pork bahn mi. In fact, I ordered the 5 Spice Pork Belly to share with my son and we ordered a second bahn mi because it was so delicious. We tried the Lemongrass Pork Belly and it was equally as good. My son likes spicy foods and preferred the 5 Spice over the Lemongrass. I was happy with both. We also got a rare beef pho that was amazing with flavor. Robert and Michael were incredibly friendly and the service was great. One of the cleanest restaurants we have eaten in around NOLA. They have only been open 10 months. I can truly say it was one of my favorite meals in NOLA and we will go back, FOR SURE. If you are looking for really cold beer and fresh flavorful food at really good prices, I can highly recommend Le's Baguette Bahn Mi Cafe. Try it, you won't be disappointed.Tasty bahn mi in a convenient neighborhood location? Sign me up. Every time I've visited, Le'a has delivered something delicious.I've passed by this cute little place dozens of times and kept telling myself that I would try it out one of these days... I wish I didn't wait so gosh darn long!!! I've been twice in the past three days, truly amazing quality! I was planning on uploading a picture for this review but my mouth started salivating and the next thing I knew I scarfed down my meal :/ maybe next time my phone will eat before me.This place is great. Fresh and delicious Vietnamese. I think maybe the best of the east bank. I know that's a bold statement but I love it. I also really like the family that runs the place.We stopped in here twice on our short visit to New Orleans, it was that good!  The pho broth was so delicious, and the perfect antidote to too much of a good time on NYE.  We got the tofu and chicken and both were excellent.  The banh mi bread was perfection - just the right amount of toasted - and the meats were delicious as well.  We tried both the pork and chicken on the banh mi.  We'll be back to visit New Orleans again, and this will be on my must visit list.  We look forward to trying more of the menu!Absolutely love this place! Can't decide whether I like their pork banh mi or vermicelli better- they're both excellent! Very fresh ingredients and the sauces are so flavorful without being overpowering. Hands down some of the best Vietnamese in NOLA!I'd been excited to come here and try it for a year now and finally made it out one weekend at lunch. I assume that someone didn't show up for work or something because it took a few minutes to even be acknowledged before I ordered at the counter and then it took over half an hour just to throw together a vermicelli bowl. The bowl itself was really underwhelming, there wasn't any flavor to the pork and the toppings were really lacking for the price.
With all the vietnamese places in town I will try another next time.This is the best banh mi in the New Orleans area. Spring rolls, steam buns and bubble tea are also excellent. Their consistency over the years has been impressive.Still order at the counter (just like when it was Il Posto) which is great for not splitting a bill. The menu is an interesting mix of Vietnamese and breakfast foods and other sandwiches. The restaurant looks fresh and clean despite having purchased all the furnishings from its predecessor. 
I ordered a tuna and avocado salad and tofu spring rolls. Unexpectedly the tuna was more like a traditional flaked tuna salad rather than tuna steak. It was very tasty and filling (especially for the price) but not what I thought I would be getting. The spring rolls were delicious with well seasoned tofu and the peanut sauce had a nice heat.
I do like that your food is brought to you (via a numbered flag system) which is an improvement. If you choose to sit in the back patio, they won't bring hot soup out there. Understandable. 
Definitely a great new spot in the neighborhood.Hands down the best banh mi place that I've been to in New Orleans. The location is in a cute little area caddywampus from French Truck, and it should not be overlooked. The tofu banh mi has become a staple in my diet. The sriracha aioli they use in it is absolutely delicious. Tofu gets a bad rap sometimes because people think it's soggy, but the tofu they make is prepared well and is nice and crispy. The bread used is top-notch too. 
I think they may have closed their seating in the back, but when it's open, it's a great little hideaway that is nice and spaced out. The small tables out front make do when needed if you are alone or with a friend. 
The only real criticism I can think of is the pricing. The spring rolls are a bit steep, so I rarely order them and just opt for my banh mi. Also, they have a sign on the front describing how there is a meat shortage, so they have added $1 to the price of menu items, but that price increase also applies to non-meat options. Since I only ever get tofu things from the menu, paying the extra dollar leaves me a little disgruntled, but it's not a dealbreaker.
Please support this place. The staff is friendly, and the food is fantastic. Absolutely worth a visit.TUCKED AWAY NEAR CHARLIE'S
The majority of new restaurants I've tried the first half of 2018 fall into two categories: 1. Uninspired Sysco-to-table cookie cutter loft build-outs, or 2. Homey reinventions of the old corner bistro like Le's.
FAIR FARE
The grilled chicken in my lemon grass bun bowl was over cooked and the noodle-to-fill ratio was an unacceptable 3:1. But the 3 Meat panini (see pic) was overstuffed and dressed with a legit house aioli. Prices were affordable at about $10 per/entrée.Perfect atmosphere, food, and bubble tea. The owner is super nice and friendly. Definitely will come back.No delivery during covid times but the pick up is worth it! Tried their five spice pork belly banh mi and was amazed by all the flavors packed into one banh mi. Had some umami flavor from pork belly, some sweetness from the bbq sauce, and some spice form the jalapeños. Bread was also nice and crispy. Also whatever sauce they spread onto the bread is magical. Would recommend the pork belly banh mi for sure! Definitely coming to try the other items on their menu.Delicious, quick, wonderful owners who take the time to personally make sure the customer is happy! Will be back and will tell all of our friends. Highly recommend!Amazing food for a great price! We got the tofu spring rolls, shrimp vermicelli bowl & pork 5 spice bahn mi. The boba was also wonderfulCame here for a tea + snack with a friend. Saw SO many dead flies on the window edge I got disgusted and couldn't finish my drink or eat my food. Wont be eating there anytime soon and would only recommend if you don't mind dead flies lying around in large quantities while you eat. This makes me think the kitchen is prooobably not that clean.