Really delicious food and friendly service. Came here on a whim on a Sunday night, was just walking down the street looking for somewhere to watch the game. Place was pretty empty, but also really large so I imagine Fridays and Saturdays are busier than Sunday nights. Tuna salad was so delicious, and the friendly waiter upsold me on the lemon ice dessert which was soooo incredible. Would definitely come back, definitely recommendedI decided to eat hear for breakfast, and I'm glad I did! I had a solid yeggie scramble with breakfast potatoes, and ordered a side grits as well. Being a corner restaurant, it was nice to people-watch out the windows as I ate this yummy breakfast!I have seen many incredible happy hour specials during my time in NOLA... & this one is definitely killer. 
Luckily, we came on their first martini night. 
$3 AWESOME MARTINIS!! You can't top it. I got the minted martini which was Tito's, Chardonnay & fresh mint. 
Their apps are also half off! Unbeatable prices for excellent food & friendly service. We got the duck, chili cheese fries, alligator poppers & crawfish beignets; I highly recommend.
Ask for Amy the bartender :)The hours on their website and their door say they are open until 11pm I convinced my wife to walk here and they were closed at 10:15. Apparently their posted hours are unreliable. Come here at your own risk.Awesome dinner!  Can't understand why this place isn't more crowded. Had Redfish St Charles and my daughter had the BBQ shrimp. Both were excellent but paled in comparison to the amazing lemon ice box pie. Ambience was casual but nice. Service was friendly and fast. Highly recommend!Was very impressed with this places. We came in kind of early, a little after 5. Had very great service with Scott, very attentive. We ordered the crawfish beignets to start with and they were delicious! It tasted like the crawfish was mostly in the cheese dipping sauce that came with them and it was a good thing to start with. We each ordered cocktails and certain drinks were half off since it was happy hour. I got the taco platter and tried all three tacos. There was a mix up with my order where I had said I wanted to try all three kinds with one being shrimp and I ended up with three shrimp tacos. But our waiter fixed this quickly and it worked out. All three tacos were delicious. Great place!!Tia was amazing! Let's talk about this oyster blt, it was super amazing! The ambiance and everything about this place is nice!!! I'm so impressed! Try this place pls guys! I would like to come back when I am in town again.I had dinner here while staying at the Renaissance hotel in which the restaurant is located. After eating lots of fried, heavy food during Mardi Gras, I was aching for some fresh greens. The Tuna Tango salad was just the ticket: a big portion of seared tuna in a honey ginger dressing, accompanied by a nice green salad. I also had a few bites of the pecan bread pudding for dessert, and it was rich and hot and just a tad bit mushy and everything you want from bread pudding -- definitely a good option to share with friends, as the portion is HUGE. 
They also do room service for the hotel. Since some of the people gathering at the bar were kind of annoying/loud, I'd probably get my food delivered next time.The buffalo chicken salad was amazing & once he started serving me the bar tender was very pleasant!  I didn't like the porch swing and definitely don't recommend it.  The bartender was nice even to make me another drink.  That one was a lot better but not great.  The atmosphere of the place is also very low key and the decor is beautiful!Beautiful restaurant, but sadly the food and waitstaff didn't match. The blue cheese chips were so drenched in oil, we couldn't even finish them. My buffalo chicken salad was soggy since there was so much dressing. The chicken in the salad tastes exactly like the frozen crisper chicken tenders you get from Chilis. Also, the only time we saw our waitress (Nancy) was when she took our order; other employees brought our drinks, appetizers, meals, and even our checks. She made no effort to interact with us and ensure our meals were satisfactory. At first we thought maybe she was on break or left for the night. But nope, we saw her interacting with the table next to ours. I'm not sure why we only saw her at the beginning of our visit. The only reason this review isn't a 1 star is because our drinks were delicious. Kuddos to the bartender.I would give 10 stars if I could. I stayed at the hotel during thanksgiving holiday and came here often. First of all, the decor is amazing. Very rustic industrial chic.
Breakfast: Praline Coffee was tasty, not too sweet or sugary. Beignets had a little too much dough for my liking but still really yummy. Shrimp and Grits were AMAZING. I had never had grits before and it was delicious. 
Dinner: Best Ribs of my life. Ribs fall off the bone, kale-slaw was soon good and I don't even  like coleslaw but this one had kale. Baked Potato was massive and filling. 
Service was great. The waiters were very friendly and the hostess was sweet. I would definitely come back again and eat here and bring others because it was my favorite.Definitely above average hotel bar! Had several breakfasts and lunch, and also visited  their coffee bar and no complaints. Food came out fast too which was impressive as there was often a large group attending a conference with limited time for lunch. Management was visible and observed delivering the food so the staff could better serve the bar patrons. Huge shout out to Stevie. If I lived in this area I would return just to see him. He made us feel like we were life long friends within minutes, so helpful with our plans and was very funny. The other guys, eh, but Stevie is the man. If you are staying at the hotel, you have got to visit this place! If you aren't, well, in my opinion, it's still worth the walk for some good food and fun art.We enjoyed an early dinner here while visiting New Orleans. There was no wait for a table since we were there around 4:30. It's a large area though, with lots of tables, along with couch areas too. Our server was nice & service was good overall. Our food was good as well. I had red fish with crawfish dressing. The fish was delicious! The dressing was tasty but very heavy on the cornbread & just a few tiny crawfish mixed in. My husband had a brisket sandwich & thought it was good as well. Our son ordered a waffle off the kids menu. This was our one issue with this restaurant. The waffle had tiny bits of bacon mixed in but this wasn't indicated on the kid's menu. For anyone with dietary issues, just be aware. He ate around the bacon as best he could, and the server offered to have another made without bacon (we declined but appreciated the offer). Overall, a nice dining experience. The Warehouse District is much quieter than the French Quarter & it's a very nice area to spend time in. It's great to see so many restaurants in this part of New Orleans.I had the tuna salad and it amazing if you like spicy fresh and light  I also loved the limoncello champagne cocktail. The male server though was not very friendly hence why I did not give it a 5star. It felt that he was annoyed the whole time.Great atmosphere but it took forever to get seated even though they seem quite slow.  
Then they brought out Salmon that was raw and two in our party got their food 10 mins after the rest of us were done eating. 
The food wasn't bad but given the chooses nearby, I won't be back.What a great CBD option!  Excellent, super courteous service.  My first visit here two weeks ago left me a little disappointed.  The food was excellent, but I ordered a 'salad' with tuna and I was served a plate of tuna with what appeared to be a side salad.  Despite the portion disappointment in the salad, the tastes and flavors (yes, flavorS) of my dish was truly amazing.  Everyone at the table thoroughly enjoyed their food.  
On both visits, the waitresses were hi-quality, professional staff.  Very courteous, well-spoken, pleasant, and smiling.  Yes, that does make a difference in any dining experience.  I tried something different today, just the soup and salad combo.  Simple, but very delicious!  Again, the table concurs; the food is excellent.
Nicely added touches;  the wait staff places a decanter of water on your table right away; the silverware is the of the heavy, well-balanced variety (Yes, I'm spoiled.  I like good silverware); and the tables are spaced at nice intervals to lend to private conversation.  
One tip for the ladies:  bring a sweater, the room is a bit chilly.  
If you're in the CBD, take a walk to 700 Tchoupitoulas (across the street from Lucy's).  It will be worth the walk (or ride... Oooo, valet parking too.).  Enjoy!!I absolutely love this place! I like to eat healthy as much as I can but very hard to do in Nola! The Simple Grill Fish of the day with no oil is excellent! I love the atmosphere and the decor is very interesting to the eye!Awesome food and service. Ordered the Mi Casa chicken, very tender and the black beans and rice were by far the best.Staff recommendation of wine/cocktail were perfect. The turtle soup- delicious. I got the seared ahi tuna salad and it was just right. Soooooo good. 
I need to mention service is faster than ever, but I didn't feel like I was being rushed. Servers were attentive, but although I was alone, didn't hang about and make it awkward. 
This place is convenient and well-done. The decor fits so well with the warehouse district setting. I'll be back!OMG GET THE DUCK NACHOS.  For real though. You won't regret it! The portion was massive and we couldn't finish them. I had the Garden District Club and my hubby had the ribs. I basically doubled my grocery bill when I married this man - and I have two kids! - but even he couldn't finish his food. Everything was cooked to perfection and we wound up taking three boxes home. This was our absolute favorite spot in New Orleans!We came here for a large group business lunch (23 people)!  Service was decent and no issues with the kitchen.  It was a Monday lunch, so thankfully not very busy so we were able to eat and get back to our meetings on time. I had the fried shrimp appetizer and seared ahi tuna salad (dressing on the side) which were both tastyJust arrived from Dallas and waiting on hotel room at Old 77 so we decided to stop in here. So glad we did. Started with Moscow Mule and Porch Swing and it was all good after that. The fried chicken with crawfish stuffing was perfect and the dining experience was complete with kale cole slaw.  Pleasant atmosphere and cool decor topped it off. Very pleased with our first stop in NO.Great tasting ribs and kale slaw. Filet and potato were just as good. Hope to return some time in the future for bread pudding. Brittney provided great service, including bringing me a special BBQ sauce concoction she likes for the ribs.Fantastic catfish and gumbo. It was a perfect dinner a little on the pricey side but the quality of food is defiantly worth it. If your looking for a great drink try their porch swing I think it's peach vodka and sweet tea and fresh mint...yummmm!The atmosphere and the lighted sign out front (at night) were the two things that attracted me to Legacy Kitchen. The food was seriously lacking though. Most of the menu items were either fried or seafood. If you're not a seafood fan, then this isn't the place for you. Meh, we won't be back but it was a good effort. I think you're better going for a late night happy hour (food/drink specials) are on point!We felt like a night off liquor and creole. He got a serviceable burger. I ordered the Victory Chicken salad. Ugh. Spring greens swimming in walnut vinaigrette with the absolute worst corporate chicken I've ever had. Was I being punished? Maybe. They have a grill, as evidenced by the hamburger on my husband's plate. This chicken gave its life for nothing. Why can't they grill a chicken breast? This was precooked, sliced and stored in some cryovac bag. Blech. Skip the salads.Great food, lackluster service.  Food arrived col at the table but they remade the dish as soon as we asked.  Everyone has a rough day, I would try it again.  Beautiful environment and nice comphy chairs.Came here on business trip based on the positive overall review rating but Legacy proves you cannot judge a book by its reviews. 
Draught machine not working was my first red flag. Held out for dinner - waiter was ambivalent on recommendations. Second red flag. Noticed place was empty for a friday night. Third red flag. Ordered fried fish sandwich. Fish was overcooked, overbreaded, and quite frankly undersized. Save your calories for elsewhere.  There are way better options.There was far less "craft" in this restaurant than expected.  None of the pictures posted for this restaurant look like the food or drinks we got.  New Orleans is known for great food, and this is extremely standard food, basically like going to a Chili's or Applebee's.  We got the spinach and artichoke dip, and everything is served on the thick white plates you'd see in most buffet restaurants.  It came with hot sauce on the side that tastes exactly like Taco Bell fiesta sauce.  The spinach and artichoke dip had no flavor and not enough salt.  It was extremely boring.  I got a fried chicken sandwich for dinner, and the breading immediately fell off the chicken.  The slaw on it had no flavor.  My husband had a pulled pork sandwich, which he described as "standard".  The French fries were good.  There was really nothing on the menu that was elevated.  This isn't a craft restaurant, nor do they have a craft beer selection that's worth anything.  It's very much like a chain restaurant, except far more expensive ($70 for two drinks, spinach artichoke dip in a 1 cup sized ramiken, a chicken sandwich, and a pulled pork sandwich).  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  The service was pretty good.  I'm disappointed I spent one of my few nights in New Orleans eating here.Wide variety of food. We had their specialty Legacy Burger, very good!!!  Service was excellent!  All other employees very friendly.This was our first restaurant stop in New Orleans. The inside is pretty nice with the high and low tables and unique looking chairs. They had the a/c on which was great, and the place was pretty empty so no wait. We started out with drinks on the happy hour menu and ordered some lunch. The legacy smash is a good choice if you like fruity drinks like me. 
For lunch I got the crab claws which came out on the cool/cold side. The food was smaller than I expected, but it had a lot of flavor. The two pieces of bread if cake with were perfect for dipping in the butter. 
Overall it was an ok experience. The food tasted good but I did leave hungryDelicious food, beautiful restaurant , fried chicken was just the way
I like it and the Server was greatThe food was pretty good. I had the BBQ shrimp Pasta, the loaded duck nachos( which were a let down) and the Chinatown shrimp was amazing! it was pretty good. I wish we had a better server, but I went twice so I gave it a 4 star review.One of my new favorite restaurants outside the quarter. If you love fried chicken, make sure you come on Wed or Sunday when they serve it - it's incredible. I love their drink selection and salads as well.PROS:
Ceasars dressing with real anchovies,wonderfully salty shoestring fries, delicious Duck chili, Turtle soup and very quick service 
CONS:
Sent back steak, served rare, not medium and Bread pudding more like a dense cinnamon bun though, still tasty. 
The Vintage decor, including antique foozeball and shuffle board is warm and welcoming. Atmosphere lively but family friendly. Maybe a touch loud when crowded.Victory salad and beers equals. Amazing night at Legacy kitchen. Service was slow at first, but I think the bartender was on break when I arrived. Since then the staff has been friendly and keeping me company as I watch the blackhawks game alone, but in spirit witg all Chicagoans. They are so sweet, checking in on me and the game, making me feel local instead of the loner cheering on my team. Great service!Excellent find while touring downtown New Orleans. We were just heading back to our hotel from the World War II museum (also a must go!) and ran across this place. Glad we went inside! Great food, atmosphere, and service!As a vegan, I find it hard eating at restaurants that don't have have many vegetarian options. But Legacy had a veggie burger, so I thought I'd give them a shot.
I'm used to making weird orders, mixing up things on the menu, and I ordered the Sweet Chili burger with the veggie patty and no cheese. The waiter said no problem. When my burger came to me worth cheese on it, I said to the server "Oh, I'm sorry but I asked for no cheese." She apologized and quickly rushed it back to the kitchen. Not a big deal, something may have gotten mixed up.
Shortly after the manager came out to ensure they got my order right. I was overwhelmed with the attention my order was getting. He offered to grab me something in the meantime, which wasn't long at all.
Though it is pricey, the quality of service and delicious food makes Legacy worth your time.The service was good, but the food was nothing to rave about. In a city like New Orleans, there are a million other options. Especially if you are from out of town-- go somewhere worth your money and your taste buds!This place was perfect in every way! Food was fresh and service was amazing! Scott was out server and did an excellent job! Great atmosphere. Played a good mix of music and just the write volume for a restaurant. Burgers were great! Chicken a waffles were amazing and the deserts are to die for!Americana vibe, soulful and friendly staff. The decor catches your eye off the bat and keeps you engulfed throughout. The food is served with a friendly smile and welcoming generosity. Monchelle treated us well with her warm laugh and genuine recommendations. Splitting a Chicken and Waffle and Pork Belly sandwich (both first time eats for me) was a wonderful suggestion by Monchelle. The vibe, atmosphere and food above all, are worthy of 5 stars. New Orleans food had exceeded my expectations and I plan to return just for another piece. The Legacy Kitchen is a staple of local cuisine and they deliver on taste. You'll be beyond pleased with this selection. Enjoy!Food was excellent. Soft shell crab was perfect. Server was friendly and attentive. I recommend the porch swing from the bar. Wonderful flavor. Would definitely come back.Veggie burger was AMAZING. Grilled asparagus was good too! I'm vegan so finding options in NO is tough. But this place didn't disappoint. Service was a little slow but overall a good experience.We really liked this place! We were in New Orleans on vacation and our hotel was in walking distance to L. K. Our waiter was nice and very attentive. We got the spinach and artichoke dip,   chicken and waffles, the turkey bacon club sandwich, and the huge chicken sandwich they have. All the food tasted amazing and came out hot.Absolutely amazing dinner! First night in NOLA. 
First time trying chicken and waffles and it was delicious. And, the cheese burger was equally amazing! 
Highly recommend!!Is it based on the reviews the veggie burger. It is just a plain old black burger despite the description. Definitely not worth trying. Definitely A great ambience but other than that no reason to go.Got take out from the bar. Bartender was friendly but put in our order wrong. We got two burgers, the legacy and the cheeseburgers but ended up getting two cheeseburgers with the wrong cheese on both as well as RAW PATTIES.  We asked for a little pink but this was ridiculous. Worst part was it took 30 minutes to cook a raw patty and no one else was in the resturant. The bartender was sweet and offered to buy us a coffee for waiting. We didn't realize how undercooked the meat was until we left. We won't be coming back because of the food but the wait staff was very niceBeen to quite a few New Orleans restaurants and I have NEVER been disappointed. So I was really upset that I spent one of my few days in the city here. First of, most of us ordered sandwiches and burgers which typically come out fast. After waiting like 45 minutes I asked one of the waiters when our food was going to come out. She went to check in the kitchen and she said our food was being made. We got the food about 10 minutes after that. So if I wouldn't have even asked I'd probably still be waiting for my ham and cheese sandwich right now. They bring out our food and I'm surprised to see a cold sandwich that you can order at the deli section of a gas station. If our sandwiches aren't even toasted why would it take so dang long for it to come out? Then I look at my sandwich and it has mayo (which is not indicated anywhere on item's description). So they had to take my sandwich again to remake it. I had to wait while watching everybody else eat their food. We also ordered a pulled pork burger which we were not happy with either. Another person ordered the waffle and fried chicken with basically no chicken on it. The own staff realized how little chicken it had that they brought us more without us even asking. The only reason I'm not giving this place a 1 Star is because after I complained the manager came over and apologized and took off my sandwich and the waffle and fried chicken. She should have given us everything for free after having to wait so much and having so many issues.Stopped in here for coffee and beignets. Both were pretty good. Can't beat Cafe du Monde but they were good and a more pleasant atmosphere. Also tried the pecan bacon. It was good too. The bartender seemed flustered and busy but there weren't many of us. Must be slow usually or she was short handed.If it weren't for the kids' meals is give it a worse rating. One kid had a waffle--light and fluffy yet crispy on the outside. The other had chicken fingers which a great crunchy shell-almost like tempura-and moist juicy chicken. Makes me suspect that the chicken and waffles entree would be a winner. 
But the adult meals- salads -were not good. Worried about the typical over-dressing leading to soggy salad so typical at restaurants, we asked for dressing on side. Took 20-25 minutes (during lunch) to come out and were drowning in dressing. Waitress never once came back to check on us. Had to waive someone else down to finally get our check and it turned out to be the manager. She asked about the meal and seemed confused to hear that it wasn't great, but did waive the cost of my wife's salad which she had barely touched. 
So try the chicken and waffles, or just eat off the kid's menu, and hope for a more attentive server.This was really good. I was looking for a great burger and this restaurant didn't disappoint! Service was good, it was a slow time for the restaurant. Food came out quickly and made to order. Sweet tea was perfect!Legacy Kitchen is a nice stop for anytime of the day.  It's been just as good for brunch as it has been for dinner.  The bleu cheese chips are a must for an appetizer.  This also serves as a nice stop for food before the early noon Saints games as they open before everyone else on Tchoupitoulas.  Last time I got the salmon dip sandwich with bacon.  The fish was fresh which is always nice.  If you're looking for a nice fun wake up call, you can't go wrong with Irish Coffee.We ordered the blue cheese truffle chips and fried chicken with waffles. The waffle had bacon mixed in the batter (yum) and the syrup was really good . Excellent food, cool ambiance. Can't miss by choosing this spot.Stopped here for brunch on a quiet monday, WOW!
Fantastic breakfast cocktails, and THE BEST chicken and waffles ever!  No idea how they get the chicken so perfectly tender and fried at the same time.   SO good!The St Charles Redfish with Crawfish cornbread may be the best thing I have eaten this year. Kudos to Chef Curtis Moss Jr.Great service and the first place I found in New Orleans with a vegetarian option. The best veggie burger I've ever had!Food was average to subpar, and horrifically overpriced. $16 for a small cheeseburger. Atmosphere was pretty good though.We had a great experience here! Great food, service and atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone looking for a casual dinner with friendsThis was the most atrocious experience I have ever had.  Absolutely no excuses!  Walked in...there was a wait...25 minutes.  Hostess asked my name told her...We waited and waited...I kept seeing new people walking in and getting seated...So I asked the hostess where was my name on the list...She had my name completely wrong. Ashton...Really?  So, they sat us quickly at the bar.  Waited almost 15 minutes for a menu.  The bartender was AWFUL.  Ordered drinks.  I got Tito's and cranberry. YUCK.  My friend got a bloody mary.  It was like water.  We ordered the crawfish cornbread skillet and the club.  We were splitting both.  The cornbread comes out first.  Completely cold...Totally ridiculous.  I called the manager over as if he didn't believe us...He stuck his finger in it to make sure.  WHAT?!  Our club came out it was fine...The manager said that he would take the cornbread off the ticket.  The bartender was arguing with us I mean the manager got you a new dish.  We had to bring him over again to discuss what he had told us.  Needless to say I was not a fan of Legacy well you can bet now I will NOT step foot into another one.  There is no way this place will survive.  We were there 2 hours! Awful.  Bartender needs a new job, too.This review is solely for this location. Prices are higher here than other locations. I had a fly in my food. They took that plate off of the bill (it was a side) but didn't compensate me in any other way. I prefer the Legacy Kitchen in Metairie.What a cool place. Decor is pretty awesome. Only had drinks but the menu looks really good. Drinks are not watered down at all unlike most places. Service was great.This is one of the best restaurant that We tried while visiting New Orleans. It has a unique menu combination, a warming atmosphere, and knowledgeable service. It's a bit pricey and everything is a la carte, but it is well worth it. Will definitely go again.Only go if your phone has a good charge.  You'll need it to kill time. Maybe it's different with day staff but on a Monday evening with a few tables to care to....it was brutal. So, be patient friends because the service is so.....darn....slow.  Also, the side dish is not edamame, it's succotash.   FYI.  Food was just meh.Solid food, maybe with portions a bit too large on carbs and low on the protein (basically, too much potato and not as much egg as I would have wanted). The chocolate beignets were really good, and so were their coffee concoctions. Great alternative to the ruby slipper if you don't want to wait for two hours!Went here for a casual meal after dinner. Staff was polite, atmosphere was nice. Location was convenient for me, I like the warehouse district more than the French quarter and uptown due to smoother wider roads and easier to navigate. My meal was good. Had the Cajun Queso which was pretty good for queso and as the name suggests, it has a spicy bite to it and they add Tasso.  I had the legacy burger, not bad but nothing spectacular. Then again I did ordered a burger and wasn't expecting much. Wife ordered a lobster roll and pretty much the only place on New Orleans that offers a lobster roll on the menu! So that was excellent. The server was extra polite and made sure to follow up on our extra requests and I was pleasedGreat decor. The space felt very roomy, had a rustic feel, and there were so many unique objects and art pieces around the room. Great food. Loved my hamburger but the other items on the menu looked fantastic too. It's probably not the place to go if you're looking for some veggies though I'll admit they seem to be hard to find anywhere around here!Yep! I owe NOLA this review. I love Legacy Kitchen and the NOHSC Brand that it's under. BUT, BUT, BUT.....for being in a downtown NOLA hotel, you have to step your game up. The city was flooded today with people like me taking advantage of NOLA Museum Day. That means locals and tourist and then some. My son and I came in for coffee and beignets rather than going to Cafe Du Monde, regrets! I got a different order from what I asked for. I also got my coffee creamer brought to me by a half gallon of milk to my table! Really guys?! And please let me add in that I passed 4 people before I was acknowledged because I stopped him to ask him for help........This is an excellent restaurant for being in a hotel. We ate at the bar. As told by the bartender, this is a local chain, in business around NOLA about 5 years, at the Renaissance for a few months. I had the salmon and it was cooked perfectly. A sIde of sautéed spinach looked heavenly but was sadly under seasoned. I would definitely give these guys a try. Their menu is short, but has all bases covered. The atmosphere is eclectic, steel/warehouse meets turn of the century. I enjoyed the experience & talking with the staff.Delicious redfish! Smothered in asparagus and mushrooms, the fish itself was blackened and cooked perfectly. Crawfish casserole on the side was pretty good too. Nice local beer selection and friendly service at the bar.Incredibly disappointing. A tiny salad with tasteless cheese and cold chicken for $15. Unfortunately, not many great options around the area and this is one of the not great ones. Low quality ingredients. Service decent thoughSo the decor is really cool,  it look like if modern and hipster had a baby. The food was okay, I was expecting more comfort like dishes, like a meatloaf and mash. I had their fried chicken sandwich, yes please! The chicken was juicy and the flavor was strong the bun I didn't care for it could have been softer or just a more suited bun to bring out the chicken even more. The ranch slaw thing that they created was awesome sauce! I don't like coleslaw because its usually wet and full of no flavor, this was different it was crunchy and had little burst of flavor and paired with the fried chicken match made in heaven. My friends had the steak and baked potato, all three of them had to send their potatoes back due to it not being even warm. And two of my friends had the steak and was not pleased. One complained about it having a burnt taste. So it was suppose to be like a Hawaiian steak but I think since they were so used to Houston's steak where its juicy with a sweet glaze. This steak was more like they cooked it with the glaze on and the sugar burned on the sides and a little on the top. And both said the steak wasn't juicy. I also had their craw fish cornbread dressing, I'm not sure if it was because we came at night, but the texture of the dressing was like it was cooked a few days ago. There was only a few areas were moist, I feel bad because it had potential. 
Finally, the part most look forward to with all New Orleans restaurants, a good drink. Well folks this is not the place. I had the long island ice tea and I was still sober the WHOLE time. I feel like if you pay more than 11 bucks for a drink then can they hire someone who knows how to make a drink, I don't need all of the sour mix and a splash of liquor its the other way around. And if you are going to make a drink like that then don't charge so much I paid 13 bucks for sour mix drink on ice. My friends all had different drink from the pims cup and the porch swing or something to that effect all saying the same, there was a warm feeling for about 7 minutes, but not anything worth saying I had a New Orleans drink. 
The balance was the staff was really friendly and that chicken sandwich.Me and my boyfriend are here after hearing about it from a friend. We were seated at a very small table and waited a period of time before we were greeted by our waitress. The menu was pretty basic but the prices were outrageous. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles which was pretty basic but at a premium price. We will not be returning.Decent place to get a quick bite. Tried the Cuban chicken. Not bad but lacked flavor. Next time I'll try the burgerI have been here before and liked my visit in the past. There was a price mix up at the bar recently and I ended up paying $25 for one drink. I went to the legacy website and complained. I had an immediate respond via phone. The manager was super nice and apologetic. That is true service. Heading back soon!!!!We are here right now on Christmas Day. Thank you for being open. We had a reservation and we were seated immediately. Hostess staff was friendly. Our waitress Alecia was very friendly. Convenient location and great atmosphere. I wish my order was just as great. Shrimp - Delicious. Just don't order the "thin" catfish. Thin here means "shaved" according to Stan the extremely unfriendly and unwelcoming manager with a very negative posture. He was not apologetic even though we said we understood and was just asking for confirmation that it was cooked the way it was supposed to be - it was actually fried cornmeal with a hint of lemon and you'll be lucky if you saw a hint of catfish. Again the waitress was 4 star management sucks.During our visit, we were literally the only table sitting down to eat, and yet the service was TERRIBLE. Our waitress was rude, dismissive, disinterested, and slow. 
On account of how bad the service was alone, I would leave this place one star, but the veggie burger was also the worst thing I have ever tasted. I was excited to try it, but it was so bad I could not even swallow a single bite. 
My husband had the baked potato soup and the salad, which he enjoyed, and the fries that came with my burger were good, so some of the food on the menu is tasty. Also, the woman who answered the phone when we called before coming to the restaurant was very helpful and friendly. Unfortunately, after how bad the service was from our waitress and how bad the veggie burger was, I would not return.I found this place through my TV (really random) and I immediately wanted to try it! I booked a reservation with a party of 7! Once I arrived there, our table was ready and I loved where they sat us! I ordered the blue cheese chips and a garden district club. The blue cheese chips were AMAZING, I highly recommend it as an appetizer! The garden district club consisted of various meats, bacon, lettuce, and shoe string fries. It is a hefty sandwich but I was a hungry gal and ate it all! I would suggest sharing meals if you don't come hungry, but if you come hungry you will definitely leave happy!Gross!  There's better food at McDonald's.  Over priced nasty food. So not worth it, would give a -0 if I could. Huge disappointment. Plenty of better restaurants in city,The staff at Legacy Kitchen were less than satisfactory upon my first visit to the restaurant. I placed an order 30 min prior to when I needed it. I called for pickup service so that I could grab & go. By the time I arrived, the staff seemed lacksidaisy around me. There didn't seem to be a sense of urgency despite my letting them know that I needed to get going soon for an appointment. Furthermore, the waitress helping me wasn't helpful at all. She failed to tell me that the order hadn't even been made yet and she snapped at me when I asked her how much longer did I need to wait because I was already out of time. I was so flustered and surprised by the attitude of the staff. The manager was there and didn't even bother to talk to me. Instead, I overheard her talking to her staff about what to do the next time someone places a pick up order with a requested pick up time. The nerve! I will never go there again and plan on writing in public forums like yelp and trip advisor about my horrible experience there.One of our best meals during our 6 days in New Orleans! Tacos very good, Salmon excellent, and the lemon icebox dessert off the charts. Very good service, and a pleasant modern/rustic ambiance.