I love poke and was really excited to try this place since I don't live far and a little variety/competition to the nearby Poke Loa is a good thing.  Perhaps looking at instagram pictures set my expectation too high but it was disappointing.  Tried the Aloha Tuna pokeritto and while it was giant, it had hardly any tuna in it...it was filled mostly with rice and ginger.  Poke Chan's version is much better and has more fish.  Got a kids bowl for my kid and found out it doesn't include what they call umami toppings which my kiddo would have loved in his bowl...oh well, at least he had more fish than I did.  Small restaurant with bright interior and friendly employees.  For the taste and value though, I will go elsewhere & would not recommend...Poke Loa is just a few blocks away.New poke spot on Magazine St. Apparently it's a franchise, according to the website. 
Extremely bright and clean establishment, as it should be since it's fairly new. Typical set up, where you pick your type of bowl (premade or customized), pick your toppings and sauces. They do have pokeritto as an option too. The proteins and toppings didn't look too fresh or appealing in the display case. I was cringing at the thought of having to choose what I really wanted but still wanted to give them a try.
There's many different sauces to choose from, which was a plus but they drizzle it on top, not toss/mix it with the proteins. I had the tropical habanero and spicy ponzu, which was good if you like it spicy. Overall, not bad but what I would like to see is for them to drain the liquid out from the proteins before putting it on top of my base. I'll give it a few more weeks before coming back to try again.This place is amazing new little spot. Taken from California's best poke spots and bringing it to New Orleans it's just perfect. Met the owner and he was great. The food was delicious. The choices or more like variety of toppings it's so large that I am amazed. Things that other poke places don't have like forbidden rice, just to name one. The seafood was fresh. Everything was clean. The decoration it's beautifully modern and colorful. It's just a great place. They don't hold back on the amount of the meat servings and the prices are pretty good for poke. Also presentation is key and hey whats up! Definitely have that as well. It's a place you must check. Just drove by it and forgot I had not written a review and if it wasn't that my mom does not eat raw seafood I would of taken her there. 
 The only thing I was hoping was that by the name they would of had shark! Lol
Enjoy!!! Mix it up! Go wild!I was shopping and walked by on a rainy day. The place looked inviting, and here I am now, on Yelp, reviewing this place. Clean, cute, fun music, organized. Poke was fresh and delicious, lots of options! Friendly servers as well. I don't actually live in New Orleans but I would return if I did! Pricing is about standard for poke and I didn't find they skimped on anything. The only negative thing I can say is that the avocado is smashed like guacamole and I prefer slices of avocado with my poke, but that's just personal preference. Overall a great option if you find yourself in the area.Love this place!! Great price , in and out service so no long wait. Friendly employee's , great atmosphere. So glad they are in New Orleans, and ill be going very often.This place is great! So many options and I love that they have snowcrab and shrimp for people who are not wanting all raw options. Great prices and very nice workers. The employees are so patient for newbies. More options than other poke places I've seen.Loved the space here. Very modern and bright. The fish and ingredients were fresh and full. The "forbidden" (black) rice was delicious and seasoned well. I would come here again if I was craving a fresh, lighter lunch. Tip: Check in and use the 10% off check in offer. 
They offer the Bayou Bucha kombucha (local). I loved the berry one. I really like it. Also they serve it on tap too. Coffee mochi was really good.I really love NOLA but after a couple of days of rich, fried food, a place like this is very much welcome. The bowls were fresh and delicious and not too pricey ($10 for a small). I'll go back next time I'm in town.Awesome fresh food!!! Love Love Love it!  Place was clean service was good.  I'll be a regular here!I was so excited to try this new place upon its opening and I was not disappointed! The staff is extremely friendly and all the items to choose from were fresh and delicious. I would recommend creating your own poke bowl because you can pick and choose exactly what you want. I really loved the spicy salmon in particular! I will definitely be returning.Came here for dinner the fish is really fresh and they have great options! My dad loved the forbidden rice! Great poke bowls overall! They also have frozen Mochi ice cream if u want dessert!So let me begin by saying I'm always suspect about poke because I'm from Hawaii. I've tried different places and it's usually bleh. But LemonShark Poke was a pleasant surprise ! 
They have sushi rice, nice chunks of fish (kinda small portion but whateva as long as taste good). I also got the spam musubi and it was good!
All in all, it's not quite like how we have it back home in Hawaii but close enough and was Ono :). I'll be coming here again!
Mahalo!I really like this trendy new spot. It's on the edge of the busier part of magazine, in the same shopping center as CC's and another broken egg. There is a beautiful courtyard to sit and enjoy the light meal.
Walking in there is a bit of a smell as expected with a poke place. I note this as it was my first poke experience and i was assured by my friend that it's common. After all we are eating raw here.
The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Totally open to helping first timers understanding their menu options. Service was a bit slow, and i excuse that as the place just opened and they still managed to move the constant line in reasonable time. After all, everything is fresh and delicate.
I ordered the Maui Heat Wave and it's spicy. Maybe not Thai level 5 spicy, but it will make your nose run for sure. The spicy salmon was on point, and the cucumber salad stuck out to me for a bit of crunch. I picked half greens half soba noodles and was very happy with my choice. The greens really soak up the sauces. The avocado in there helps as a back up to some of the heat from the Serrano peppers. 
All in all a wonderful experience and I'll be back for a healthy dinner alternative for my lazy days.Freshest poke in Nola! Clean space, friendly staff, and lots of options to make your perfect bowlThe staff is friendly and attentive, and the food is incredible!! I was expecting a huge bill but mine was $13 and some change, even with Octopus! Love Poke, and this place has some great options!I dig it. I've never had poke...this was my first time, so I had nothing to compare it to...but I loved it. I built my own bowl-spicy salmon and ahi tuna- over greens and this DElightful "forbidden rice." Toppings galore, super fresh, flavorful, and I'm telling myself super healthy (right?)! Super nice service, great healthy drink selection, and kombucha on tap. Good stuff. It's like fast food for the Gods. I'm feelin' it. I'll be back. My only gripe is that it's pretty pricey...so I won't be back super soon, but I'll be back.I'm a huge fan of Poke, so when I saw LemonShark pop up on my feed I knew I had to check it out. 
Wow! This place is exactly what a Poke restaurant should be. 
If you want the TL;DR: Amazing food, selection, and service. You need to try it!
The second I walked through the door I was immediately greeted by the entire staff. A wonderful young lady helped explain to me their options and how everything worked. Most Poke places all work the same so this was something I already knew, but it's great that I or anyone else that walks in doesn't even have to ask. The rest of the staff chimed in with recommendations to help me make my Poke bowl, and they were extremely friendly throughout my entire visit. 
I was extremely delighted to see that they offered Quinoa as an alternative to the usual white or brown rice, something that I believe sets them apart from others in the area. I also liked that they served the Poke in a porcelain bowl instead of the cheap plastic bowls most places use. After I was finished eating, the same lady from earlier came and picked up my bowl for me. 
The Poke bowl was absolutely delicious and I really enjoyed the selection of add-ins to choose from. The staff was fantastic, and I like that they offer outside seating.Awesome fresh food!!! Love Love Love it!  Place was clean service was good.  I'll be a regular here!  I have had poke regularly in Costa Rica and California, and this is the best poke I have ever had!Ahi tuna taco, squid salad bowl with edamame, mango, macadamia, fried wonton, krab, sweet boiled egg, and water chestnuts with a lemonshark sauce. Simply delicious, and fresh.Yikes. Maybe I caught this place on an off day but I won't chance it again. It's cheaper than poke loa by a few dollars but those dollars may make all the difference. The veggies/sauces are pretty comparable but the fish killed this for me- I love octopus and I order it often and cook it at home, I understand it's not soft like tuna, for example, but this was like chewing rubber bands and the flavor was not so fresh. Also the salmon here is cooked w no raw option and oddly perfectly cubed. I'm very disappointed and bummed that I wasted money on this. Will not try again, do not recommend.I've had my fair share of Poké. You can never get tired of Poké because there is so many choices to choose from that each time you make a bowl or a Pokerrito, you can do different toppings/ combination and sauce each time to get different flavors and never get bored. I had the Ahi Tuna taco for appetizers which they only have available on Wednesday. The taco was served with a bed of spring mix and a splash of spicy mayo. The wonton shell was light and so delish! I can snack on those taco shell all day. My bowl came out so pretty and delish! 
For base, I had a choice of sushi rice, brown rice, soba noodle, local green or forbidden rice which is black rice. 
For Poké, I had the choice of Ahi tuna, spicy tuna, spicy salmon, salmon, scallop, shrimp, octopus, squid salad, albacore, tofu, chicken
For toppings, I had the choice of red cabbage, edamame, sweet egg, red/green onion, carrot, corn, water chestnuts, radish, Serrano chilli,  cucumber, ginger, tomato, pineapple and mango
For Umami toppings, I had the choice of avocado, surimi salad, seaweed salad or masago
For sauce, I had the choice of  Lemonshark, ponzu, eel sauce, spicy mayo, wasabi mayo, sesame oil, tropical habanero
For crunch, I had a choice of crispy onion, crispy garlic or macadamia nut
My creation bowl has sushi rice, squid salad, corn, carrot, red cabbage, onion, radish, Serrano chilli, ginger, tomato, masago, crispy garlic, crispy onion and for sauce I got the ponzu and sesame oil. Next  time I'm back, I would omit the tomato and try the tropical habanero for sauce and tryout their forbidden rice.  For dessert, I had a green tea mochi ice cream ball and their eat fit king cake mini.
To wash down our meal, we got the Big Easy Bucha Kombucha. The drinks are packed with probiotics and antioxidants, kombucha is a sparkling probiotics tea.I prefer it over the other place down the street. Feels like more for the money and parking is easier. Staff friendly and helpful.Best poke in town. I love the selection of bases, especially the noodles! Their prices are v affordable and they have a lot of great specials.I've made a handful of trips to  Lemon Shark Poke, with each being even better than before. The Staff is outstanding and always ready to make recommendations. The selection is impressive as is the freshness.Wow. This place had the nicest staff EVER the other night when I stopped in. I was all mopey and the staff here seriously brightened my day. It was my 1st time ordering with this spot and so it's a little different than other places with WAY more choices. WAY!
They offer over 10 protein choices including tofu and chicken, not just seafood! That's in addition to 7 base choices. I love black (aka forbidden) rice, so nutty! Plus there are so many choices for add ons. And the staff even told me that I could add more with my comes with price.
My bowl was delicious and fresh (once I got home where I could scarf it down without fear of judgement). And I like that if you dine in, they don't use takeout containers. 
I will definitely be back!I can not help but compare LemonShare to Poke Loa.  I am new to the Poke game, so these are the only two stores I know about.
So LemonShark is pretty decent.  There store is super clean and nice inside.  It's fast casual, so you head up to the bar and begin your ordering process.  For me, I went with one of the signature dishes which involved ahi tuna and the spicy salmon.  It had all kinds of stuff in it.  Whatever sauce was used, it had a sweet taste, which I did not care for.  But overall, the ingredients seemed to be of decent quality.  Greens seemed fresh.  The protein, in my case tuna, was quite tasty.  The only thing that burned me was the sauce.  I'll try again and this time get maybe a variation of one of the signature dishes.
Compared to Poke, they have more options at least from a protein standpoint.  There were a few kinds of tuna, salmon, shrimp, scallops and octopus.  It's hard for me to talk about the toppings because they are all foreign to me.  That stuff kind of runs together.  That's one of my main reasons for ordering a signature dish.  
Anyway, it was a nice place and the food was decent.  I will probably repeat and give them another go.  Next time, I'll try some of their sauces to find one I like.Skip this less than mediocre attempt at poke. I honestly wanted to turn right back around when I walked in because it just looks bad and I wish that I had, but wifey wanted to try this place. Perhaps other things here are good, but I ordered the poke and it was terrible! So I won't go back. The spicy salmon was obviously old salmon, spiced to cover up the fact that it was old salmon - Spices didn't cover it up enough! I had to spit it out! Yuck! Fishy! Not fresh! Scary! With so many other options in Nola, I would definitely skip this place for poke.This place is EXCELLENT. Not only is the food delicious and fresh, but the customer service is above and beyond. This place is extremely consistent when it comes to food AND service! Clean and modern atmosphere on Magazine Street. Love coming here!Fresh, delicious and an incredible array of options. This poke place right on Magazine Street has everything from raw fish to every vegetable. They have every topping you could imagine and would satisfy all different taste palettes. Need something sweet afterwards? They have an entire case of different Mochi desserts. Definitely great for a light lunch or dinner.Couldn't have been any better!! I had a create your own which started with the freshest, lightest non greasy wonton chips. Next I added the spicy tuna, which was damn near perfect, the squid salad and Salmon. The squid salad was chunky and flavorful with no overbearing flavor- again, just perfect! Next I asked for cucumber salad, Edamame, green onions, avocado, Seaweed salad and Masago. The cucumbers were saved and tender crisp, the avocado creamy and smooth. Portions were generous (and I'm a big eater)! The employees were so nice, talkative, informative and just friendly ...for all I know, they may be the owners. If not, They all deserve a raise . The store is bright and modern and impeccably clean. The air conditioner and the music were full on making lunch even more enjoyable!! After eating all I could, I asked for a to-go bowl . Can't wait to go back to this fine establishment!!I'm so happy this opened up close to my house. I was waiting for another fast casual type of place where a meal for me and my husband didn't end up to be more than $20. They have a lot of options - which could be a problem if you are indecisive and want to try everything. But there's always the option to come back for more! We've had the bowl and the pokerrito. Hubs liked the pokerrito more than he thought he would. Only problem is it takes them a little while to put them together, but they're still new and getting into the groove of things. It hasn't been too busy every time we go. The staff is super nice. We're working on going through the menu, so no favorites YET but have enjoyed everything we've had so far.Really good poke! And we are from Seattle, so know what fresh ingredients taste like. Would definitely come here again!The ladies working were SO nice and took the time walking us through the process. We've been to other Poke places but this was our first visit to LemonShark. Very nice store and I liked that you could get reusable bowls instead of one time use plastic. They have bucha on tap which was also nice. The price is reasonable but our only complaint was that you're limited to some toppings depending on which size bowl you choose. Then you are charged an up charge per added topping. 
And I'm not sure if it was an off day but there was a terrible smell in the store. It was pretty offensive and we couldn't tell if it was coming from outside or in. Not really something you want when ordering raw fish. May be something out of their control- I'm not sure.Just moved into town and I like having this so close around the corner. The regular bowl, 3 scoops of meat, did the trick for me. There are plenty of sides and sauces to pick from to satisfy any desire or craving. I'll definitely have to add this to the list of regular places to visit. Will most certainly be back.Best customer service. Servers are helpful and patient, even with two indecisive boys aged 11 and 13. This place has become a family favorite. The ingredients for the Poke bowls are fresh and prepared well. This is a fast and convenient meal for eat in or take out.Hands down the best poke in the city. Everything is fresh and delicious. I live way in the bywater and have Uber eats or driven here every day for the last 5 days straight since discovering it.Awesome place! Food is wonderful, great service. Located on magazine , perfect place to stop in while walking around.So good! The best Poké bowl I've had! The staff were very nice too, and they have lots of options. They're tuna tastes SOOO good. And they also had Mochi and Ramune UHG, I loved it. 200/10Didn't know New Orleans had much of a poke scene but was glad I stumbled upon this place when I had an intense craving. Super cute inside too! :) I'll have to come back next timeI've never felt so uncomfortable ordering food. It was my first time trying LemonShark and I wasn't familiar with the menu. I called 10 minutes before I went in because one of the standard poke bowls didn't say what the ingredients were online and because I live down the street and thought I could call in to pick up. They don't take calls for pick up which is understandable because it's raw fish, I get that, but I was told she couldn't answer menu questions over the phone because it was a busy time for them and I should just come in person. Also not an issue, I got there less than 10 minutes later. Side note -- it was 8:40 when I called and they close at 9. 
Turns out the online menu has many items that they don't actually carry, which is totally fine, but had she told me that over the phone it may have saved me a trip and her the stress of preparing food for someone 10 minutes before closing. I still wanted to try something since I was already there and it sounded great, but in retrospect I wish she had just told me it was too close to closing time and she couldn't serve me. 
There was an advertisement for forbidden rice posted on the counter and I asked if any of the standard bowls come with it. That's when I realized what seemed at first as anxiousness to close up was just inappropriate. Instead of answering my question she snarkly reminded me that they close in 7 minutes. I apologized and earnestly asked another question. We danced this dance through what I thought were a couple of very straightforward questions, until I felt so flustered by her off-putting attitude that I just ordered the first standard made poke bowl listed on the menu. Another customer commented that they must be really ready to go home. 
Granted, this was one of the first solo outings I've been able to make after delivering my newborn and I imagined, maybe this woman has a newborn she's trying to hurry up and get home to. But empathy aside, no one should be talked to like that. I struggled with writing a review because I think it's probably not indicative of everyone's experience, but if it were me that owned this location I'd want to be made aware so that I could have a conversation with my staff about situations so close to closing time. I'd like to go back and have a better experience to share with friends -- but there are other poke places I may be more inclined to go to first based on what happened tonight.It was just ok. There's a poke place up the street that tasted much fresher and had more drink options. 
It's not BAD but I wasn't impressed.This is my all time favorite poke restaurant in New Orleans! The food was amazing! All the ingredients for the poke bowls seemed fresh and not like they had been sitting out all day like at some restaurants. I'm definitely going back there anytime I'm in the mood for poke (which is often haha).Best poke in New Orleans! They have more options for the base, protein, toppings and sauces. Plus the ingredients are fresher and the price is lower.  I've eaten at all the poke places in New Orleans and hands down LemonShark is my favorite!This place has become my go to when I need to grab a quick semi healthy meal on the go. All of the ingredients here are always so fresh! I find the prices to be reasonable and the serving sizes ample! The spicy salmon is always my favorite for my base! Service here is quick and friendly as well!I judge a place as more than 5 stars if I can manage to not even take a picture of my food because I ate it so fast, and that was exactly my experience here. And their bowls are beyond photo-worthy. Everything. Was. The. Bomb. The ahi tuna was so fresh and tender, the toppings were all amazing, and I could swim in the sauces. The two employees were so cool and were very quick to offer samples of anything we were contemplating. I wish I had their names, but if you worked today at 2pm (3/9/19), it's you!! The place is beautiful on top of everything else. I so badly wish I didn't live 30 minutes away, but thank you for filling our bellies after our visit to the Zoo. Whoa... I forgot to mention the mochi. I would visit again on that alone!Awesome fresh food and amazing customer service- also a huge fan of their use of sustainable seafoodWONDERFUL!!! I could eat it every day! I love all the options you can add to your bowl! Fresh yummy I always replace the rice with greens so it's a little more healthy! Great choice!I'm a newcomer to Poké  but I love sushi and sashimi so I thought I would give it a try and this    one had the burrito and I wanted to try so bad. the lady at the counter was so helpful and they have three different types of rice and the black rice is a forbidden rice it's actually very high in nutrients and and fiber and beneficial for your health so I give that a shot I also get the tuna and the spicy salmon as well as all the ingredients you can have as many toppings as you want there's one side that you can pick one from there and then the sauces you want as many, I got spicy mayo and elk sauce so yummy. If your not into super hot foods you could pass on the spicy fish and just add spicy mayo for plenty of enough kick. my friend got a Poké bowl. The Maui heat wave, regular side comes with three proteins. Choose your base which was soba noodles, which where surprisingly tasty and good for you. But be careful this bowl is packed with heat. So if you don't like heat stay away! Also try there kombucha on tap! So fresh, pairs perfectly with a bowl or burrito! I would come back for sure!This is our second trip to LemonShark Poke. So first of all I gotta mention the preordering on insta. If you preorder your food on instagram you get three bucks off your order. Yes, you're welcome #Moana 
Great new poke spot in the neighborhood! 
Staff: Super friendly and down to earth. They don't mind chit chatting with talk-a-holics like myself, and they're excited to discuss all their options to make your perfect poke bowl (which are a lot FYI)
Ambiance: it's in a unique spot on magazine that has an outdoor courtyard where you can dine on your dish while people watching. The inside is pretty groovy too! I really like the square box seats- #Trendy
Food: I'm not a huge fan of raw sushi, meaning not at all- but lucky for me they have a lot of cooked options. Squid, octopus, "k"rab and even lots of fruit. Just like my first time here, I took one bite and couldn't stop eating it. Taste bud explosion!! 
They also have Big Easy Bucha on tap, which my wife loves!Obviously fresh ingredients. We went for the first time and it had a really bright and fresh atmosphere. There were a wide variety of things to choose from. There is limited seating indoors, but plenty of outdoor seating. I really enjoyed my poké bowl and will be returning the next time I get a hankering for fresh poké.I met Spencer when he came into our store on Magazine street. Super nice guy who told us he ran the LemonShark Poke location. I'll be honest, I really had no idea what Poke bowls were, even though I had heard people talk about them. I decided to give it a whirl one day and...IM HOOKED!  The service is great, extremely clean place, all of the staff was super helpful for this Poke virgin... I don't think I could eat at another Poke place besides LemonShark. I may be a little spoiled now! The food was delish and fresh. My personal fave is the California Roll Bowl, but you can customize your bowl to make it your own. Thanks so much for poppin in our store and making me a Poke believer!
Cheers :)This place is disgusting. I don't get how they're rated so high. I ordered a poke bowl and there was a really fishy taste to it, almost as if the fish had gone bad. The seaweed salad had an awful after taste, there were a few inedible pieces of fish, and they could not even give me fresh slices of avocado (instead used pre-packaged mashed avocado). On top of this disgusting poke  bowl they gave me, they forgot to give me the order of mochi that I paid for, and I realized this once my order was delivered. Terrible excuse for a business, substandard quality of food, and incompetent staff.Absolutely delicious. Ordered the Pokeritto with salmon and shrimp and it was nice and refreshing. I love Sushi so to have what's basically a giant sushi roll was awesome.UPDATE: thanks for the response! I'm excited to return and try some more poke.They have a lot of mix ins and the portion size is great. Got this cool charcoal rice as my base called "Forbidden Rice." I eat a lot of poke and overall I was a big fan.The service was exceptionally good! Food was amazing too. A lot of options. This was my favorite poke so far!Very unprofessional staff they have no customer service skills at all!!!!
Very rude and I was told, "I will take longer next time".........really!!! That's how you treat people that come into your establishment?!?!?!We stopped by here after a long day working a convention in town. Since we aren't from here I was iffy about going to a poke place I was unfamiliar with but I'm really glad we stopped by! 
LemonShark was easy to access from Magazine. We paid about $2 or less for about an hour at the parking meter. 
We were warmly greeted by the staff and given the full run down of how to order. 
One thing I loved about this place immediately was the variety of toppings. Not only do they have (what I consider to be) the standard options (ie tuna, salmon, shrimp, tofu) but they also have octopus, squid, and a few other less standard protein options. They also had a lot more base options than I've seen in some of the local poke shops around us at home.
I ordered salmon and ahi tuna with brown rice. Each of the protein options I chose had a special sauce that topped them which I thought was a nice touch. 
I absolutely loved the variety of toppings when it came to veggies as well. Cucumber salad is a favorite of mine so I was excited to have it as part of my bowl! Watermelon Raddish was also cool to see on the menu. 
You also get to choose one premium topping. I went with seaweed salad but avocado was a close second. 
For those else experienced in poke you can choose from their pre-planned bowls.
There are lots of options for the sauce as well. I opted for mine on the side. 
The staff was super helpful and friendly. We will definitely be back next time we're in town!Place is nice,clean,and friendly. Fish is pretty fresh. Price not so bad. A lot of variety! Very sweet staffs. Has a good outdoor seatings. Love the sushi burrito!We where just disappointed. People here just don't listen when you tell them just make it the way it says on the menu. They just keep asking you if you want something on it. Portions are not hat great.  Just all around disappointedBest poke in New Orleans! The portions are big and the quality of the ingredients is outstanding! Poke salmon with miso glaze is my favoriteI love Poke. I love LemonShark.  I always get the forbidden rice (it's a black rice with a different texture) and lettuce mixed as a base.  I will say the chunks of Ahi that I got were too large and thus forced me to eat some sinewy bits, but the salmon sauce is delicious.  I go for alllll the additional toppings as well as wakame salad and spicy ponzu and their new habanero sauce.  I was delighted to say the bowl had a kick to it!  It's reasonably priced, it's healthy, and gosh darn it, it's beautiful.  
Also, the lemon cucumber water is free, and they have a new mochi ice cream bar. Even more to love!
Tl;dr: Gotta eat more LemonShark poke.This was actually the best Poke I've had in my life. I've been hooked on Poke Loa, the popular (and tasty) chain here in New Orleans for years. I'd never had the chance to try LemonShark until today. It was one of the best food decisions I've made in awhile. The Spicy Maui Heat bowl was remarkably fresh, filling and overall perfect. 
Great menu. Fresh items. Cool atmosphere. 11/10.Poké done well in a beautiful, modern space. The latest addition to the poké trend is LemonShark. Though new to New Orleans, they're not new to poké -- they're based in California and are quickly spreading across the country. I'm not necessarily a fan of chain restaurants, but LemonShark seems to excel at balancing the best parts of being a chain (consistency, excellent presentation) while embracing their locale (charm, local products, local feel). The interior of the space is practically gleaming. Clearly a lot of care was spent turning this old GNC store into a charming restaurant. It is a tranquil place that I wouldn't mind lingering in as I eat my poké. Can't say that about other fast casual establishments. I chose to build my own bowl, and I found all the ingredients to be fresh. Since some of the ingredients were sort of foreign to me, the staff was helpful in making suggestions on what might be good additions to my bowl. The end result was super tasty and, honestly, a good value for the amount of food and the quality of ingredients. I think LemonShark really ups the level of poké in the city and I wish them well. I know I'll be back soon!The poke is ok! The restaurant was very clean and the staff were friendly. I think the flavour falls below some of the other poke I have tasted, though.I ordered on line (2nd time).
Showed up on time, fresh and delicious. 
My delivery guy was friendly and polite. 
The bowls are packaged so well. Too well almost. For instance, I ordered a 
Engine 1 Bowl
Spicy tuna, surimi (krab) salad, cucumber salad, serrano chili, mango, edamame, seaweed salad, crispy garlic, spicy ponzu and wasabi mayo. 
It's a great tasting bowl. Everything goes so well. My only distraction is the seaweed salad is hard to distribute evenly when you mix all the ingredients.  I don't know why it's only this one thing! It's kind of clumpy and doesn't separate easily. 
But I digress. Maybe it's just me. It's really good. Order it! 
I also tried a 
Spam Musubi ...
Sliced, grilled Spam on top of a block of rice wrapped with nori, and topped with a teriyaki glaze.
The spam is different (for me) but great flavor and I really like it. 
Thanks, folks!!Best Poke in New Orleans. Try the nachos too! Super light meal and very delicious. Never have to wait in line and all the sauces are way better than the competition.Honestly, pretty disappointed. I saw the great reviews & thought it would be a great meal; we hadn't met a restaurant in Nola that we didn't like until today. The staff was less than welcoming when we came in, with no one saying anything as we walked in the door. I have had my fair share of poke; the salmon here was very good I won't deny that, as was the sushi rice. The seaweed salad left something VERY MUCH to be desired. I was very disappointed in the flavor. The other toppings were soso and the sauce was..minimal. My boyfriend has never had poke before and when he asked the lady making his what she recommended for toppings she exasperatedly said "I don't know - it's whatever you like!" I get everyone has bad days & I'd love to give the benefit of the doubt, but she pretty much answered all his questions this way. Overall, our experience was not the best & I very much doubt we'll be coming back.After a long day of walking around the French quarter, we opted to have GrubHub deliver some poke bowls to our hotel. The selection from the online menu was great, we ordered shrimp, octopus, ahi tuna with an assortment of vegetables and sushi rice and soba noodles. The delivery was super fast, the food was very fresh, and we enjoyed the meal very much. The only downside of the meal was at the sushi rice was undercooked and very hard and crunchy. Other than that it was a very enjoyable meal.There are a few places that serve poke now! LemonShark has a wide variety to choose from and I love how many different options they have. That black rice was incredible, even though it does not look appetizing. Only thing they didn't have (which is my favorite) is the yellowtail! Hopefully they'll have it one day.Super fresh ingredients and friendly, knowledgeable staff!  Try the forbidden rice - so yummy!The poke  here is fresh and great one of my favorite poke place. The only downside is all the employees are stoned at times. That makes the service a lot slower with the music blasting other than that the food is great.3.75/5 not bad!
this is pretty close to home and for some reason seems more welcoming to me than the other spot up the street - maybe i'm just rooting for a relative underdog. 
the different poke are pretty typical (including octopus), and you can get a few different pre-made bowls. i noticed recently that they have a special bowl that seems to be a thing where they rotate a cause or nonprofit where some portion of the sales go to them, so that's cool. i tried the "forbidden rice" and while interesting, was more a novelty than something i'd order again. i'll add that i recently tried their musubi (out of dire craving), and it was good! i was also pleasantly surprised that it was served on a bowl of spinach and wontons, which was a great addition. 
overall i've found this place quick, clean, and a decent option.Had the Maui heat poke bowl and it was absolutely delicious it definitely had a nice layer of heat from the chili's but not overwhelming I would definitely be back for moreI love the food but honestly the staff are always extremely rude. I thought it might just of been a bad night but went back and the same employee was there and just as rude. I forgot to add a drink so after I paid I circled back and got my bottled drink and she just said "really?" I probably won't be back...I really enjoyed this poke bowl. I ordered a small (a scoop of spicy tuna and scoop of spicy salmon) and it was enough to share with two people. The variety of unlimited toppings was great. I had lots of fun choosing. Then you get to choose one premium topping (unless you pay for more) and being able to add crab with no extra cost was awesome. Then you add sauces and something a lil crunchy. My bowl turned out super yummy (I know it was customized to my taste) and I don't think you can go wrong with any combination and the freedoms to choose so many things. This was also my first time going here and the staff person helping me really guided me through the process and was patient. She even let me sample some sauces! I'm honestly surprised about how much I liked it and will come again!Great Poke!
Generally just a huge fan of poke. Love fish. Love all things sushi-like, rice, fresh vegetables... They've got the poke on lock down here!
This was my second time trying this poke spot out and both times were fantastic. The ingredients are vast and fresh. The staff is friendly and helpful. The store is cute (love the NOLA street name tiles of LemonShark on the floor when you walk in). 
Even though this place is a chain it definitely has taken the effort to bring in some local style. The street tiles (as mentioned above) and having Big Easy Bucha on tap give the place less of a chain vibe and more local. I actually had no clue until a friend told me.
On this visit I sampled a Tuna Taco. GET THEM! The wonton taco shell was perfect vessel for the fresh delicious tuna on route to my mouth.
I'll be returning for sure.I enjoyed my poke that I got from here. I know this is a California chain, but I think the owners did a great job incorporating New Orleans things like big easy bucha on draft. They also have a lot of different options here like noodles and forbidden rice for a base, raw and some cooked fish for protein and a huge variety of toppings and sauces so you can come often but always get a different taste. For a picky eater like me a lot of toppings are good because that means they actually have a lot that I like! The interior is decorated really nicely, and it feels really clean. Will definitely come back here for my future poke cravings.A healthier and exciting alternative to fast food! Let's Poke! Poke bowls remind me of a salad, where you have a variety of proteins, toppings and sauces to choose from. I tried my very first Poke Bowl! My poke bowl consisted of half sushi rice/half brown rice (the bases), super fresh ahi tuna, spicy tuna, and spicy salmon (poke), toppings of red cabbage, water chestnuts, and corn. The sauces I chose were spicy mayo, gluten free soy sauce, and LemonShark. Crispy onions and sesame seeds were sprinkled on top. It was a variation of delicious flavors and textures all within one bowl!Not COVID-19 respective. Some didn't fully wear mask and they never changed they're gloves from client to client.