The catfish, chicken, gumbo and mac &a cheese are all to die for. We are the lunch buffet and everything was piping hot and fresh. This place was recommended by a local in the neighborhood we are staying in and it was so worth it!Food was good, we took advantage of the Sunday Buffet it included fried chicken, greens, smother steak, corn, cabbage.  It was so much more  It was very,very cozy. You would actually think you were eating at your grandmother's house.  This is not a fine dining establishment.  The price was fair, was highly recommended by locals. It's was worth any wait. This place exceeded my expectations.Come here for delicious, home style New Orleans cuisine. We went in the afternoon, and although it was full, we were lucky and a table was ready right away. We did the a la carte as opposed to the buffet. It was our favorite meal of the trip!A neighborhood cafe with GREAT soul food. We went for the lunch buffet and it did not disappoint. The fried chicken was crispy and well seasoned, the white beans had chunks of ham and sausage that put it over the top (in a good way!), the greens were very hammy and tasty...and I didn't even have room to try it all. The bread pudding was tempting but I was done at that point. Very friendly service!This is a place we stop into every time we visit NOLA. Its become a great staple in all of our trips. The food is filled with love and flavor. You can tell the staff love what they do and really put their heart and soul into the food. They have the best gumbo I've ever tasted!It was ok. I wasn't all that into the buffet. The food was bland, however,  it was fresh. I loved the history photos on their walls and I love the tile designs on the ceiling. Food was just ok and bland my waitress was normal. Very small inside so grab your seats when you can.Fried chicken paradise in the Treme. This place smells like home-cooked fried chicken before you even open the door and it just gets more heavenly when you walk inside. Briny, meaty, crispy and all of the qualities you look for in a good piece of fried chicken. 
Like many of NOLA's best restaurants, the interior is nothing special and the exterior is unassuming, but don't be put off. Yummy delicousness awaits.We loved this place. The catfish was perfectly fried, and I can't stop thinking about the crabmeat omelet and how long it will be before I can have another one (quite a while, sadly). Service is on the laid-back side, so just go with it. Enjoy a cup of the excellent coffee or a glass of strong iced tea and soak up the experience.This place is phenomenal, albeit busy as heck because everyone in the neighborhood and beyond wants their buffet. The waitstaff hustles and bustles to get to everyone. You definitely need to try their bread pudding  (more appropriately titled, banana bread pudding). All in all, excellent food and the waitstaff are in good spirits.Great little local eatery! Had the lunch buffet. Fried chicken, grits, mac & cheese, gumbo and bread puddin'! So yummy! Wholeheartedly recommend this place!We were in New Orleans on vacation and was told to try this place. We first went on a Sunday. We had to wait because it was busy which was fine but we had to wait outside and it was very hot. This was understandable because the place was full and they don't have much room inside.  The person taking everyone's name was rude and not friendly at all. We ended up leaving Sunday and decided to come back the next day when there were no lines. :). The food was delicious and the owner was super nice. The server was ok, she was not very attentive and put a mandatory tip because our party had 6. It was a buffet so, she didn't do much. The owner gave us refills on our drinks and napkins and extra cream.   The food was great, the service was ok, and the prices were a little high.Ok, well I was in town and craving gumbo, fried chicken and sweet tea... Lil Dizzys hit the spot! The green beans were good also!If yo've never been here before, go. If you've been here before, go. Hands down the mouth (and stomach) of the South. INCREDIBLE FOOD.This is definitely a place where you want to eat. Good home cooked food and friendly staff. I enjoyed my fried catfish, grits, and eggs as well the atmosphere.Great little local breakfast joint with an amazing buffet!  Perfect for a post-church meal.  The crabmeat omelette was on point, and so were the potatoes and chicken.Came here and ended up getting the buffet. The food was seasoned well, service was efficient and overall the place was nicely set. Would definitely recommend eating here.Right down the street from where we were staying.  It was recommended to us by our hosts and we ended up stopping in a couple mornings for breakfast.  I fell in love with their french toast and my boyfriend loved the sausage and cheese omelette. Wish we could have brought it back north with us.Once again a "hole in the wall" does not fail.  If you are big on frills and ambiance without flavor don't eat here.  If you want flavor without the frills frugally come here!   Buffet was $15.99 and included sweetened or non sweetened ice tea.   That tea will have me slapping my Mama.  The gumbo was very flavorful and the fried chicken was absolutely delicious.   Shrimp creole, macaroni, and everything else was very tasty also.  Im not a bread pudding fan but it was also good.  My maternal grandparents are from Nawlins and my mothers cooking is heavily influenced by that.   The chicken reminded me alot of her fried chicken that people rave about.  You won't be disappointed unless you need frills........On a Sat morning... 
Pros:
- The seafood gumbo was the best I had during my stay. You must order it. 
- Yummy grits with the option of having egg whites.
- Great service. Our waitress was friendly and food was served nice and hot.
- it's a local spot and the decor wasn't too bad.
Cons:
- A bit out of the way from the French Quarter but it's definitely worth the $8 cab ride to the cafe.
- The grits & eggs was a bit too buttery for my day to day diet. But hey, it's The South lol. You only live once.
- The owner reprimanded his staff quite loudly that the patrons can hear. Awkward much...The best southern food  all you can eat buffet in Treme! I always come here for breakfast which gets very busy, or late lunch.  The food is fresh, home made, like your mama's. You can see pictures of all the famous people who have eaten here including President Obama. I highly recommend this place!Let's see..where to start...To begin with there was a line outside. Today was a cold breezy yet sunny day, so it was somewhat bearable to wait outside. There was a 25-30 min wait, which i endured because my friend wanted to really try it. Honestly, I get real leary when I see lines outside of certain restaurants, especially in Houston and New Orleans because I have learned that it's not always about the hype. With so many eateries in places like New Orleans and Houston, it's hard for me to actually wait in a long line. There have been times that I have seen the long lines for restaurants, and the food was subpar- this was one of those occasions. For starters, the host was welcoming, and the other waitresses seemed friendly, but not ours. Let's call her "Marie." Marie, seemed like the classic example of trying to help a meth head out and give them a job. She was unattentive, rude and lack of understanding. First, we asked what were the choices for the "entree + two sides options," on the menu and she started listing the sides. I asked her if there was a menu to read what the sides are, and she said that was the list. Ok. Before we could ask anything else she drifted off somewhere else and we had to bring her back. Basically, you're kinda forced to get the buffet option because if she get the entree you're limited to what you can get even though other food choices are available on the buffet. Bright side, if you go with the buffet you will get a chance to sample some of their popular items. 
Moving on, we got our tea which was PHENOMENAL. I'd say crack tea because it was hard to just NOT keep drinking it. Aside from that, I got the fried chicken, green beans, gumbo and stuffed bell peppers. You also get the choice of an omelette or french toast-tried the French toast as well. Once we got our drinks and started eating- Ol Marie went missing for awhile. We needed refills, napkins, and clearing our table of empty plates,  but she was nowhere to be found. Other waiters had to step in to clear our table. We were getting ready to leave but wanted more tea, so we asked if we could get a refill,and she just walked off without acknowledging if she heard us or not. We also wanted to know if we could get it to go. Then all of a sudden she reapppeared pouring tea which she sloppily wasted on the table and my purse-no words or apology. I told her we were trying to inform her that we wanted them to go AND the bill split, but yet again she walked off without acknowledging if she heard everything. She returned with plastic cups. The cups were dusty to the point you could wipe your finger over and see the residue- no thank you. Marie also brought back the bill without it being split as we asked. When we reminded her of our request, she rudely Replied "we dont split checks but you could simply divide it." Boyyy it took everything in me not to go off. I told her "we're fully aware of how to do math, however we asked for separate bills in which you never told us that it was a policy to not separate the tab." AT this point the owner nearby could see our frustration and his as well, in which he told her "all you have to is seperate it out, no big deal." This was too confusing for Ms. Marie, in which the owner had to further explain. Eventually she just took three seperate payments. smh. 
Overall, the food and experience was "OK." I had to add some salt and pepper to some of my food, which is a red flag considering it seems to be a well known NOLA spot. Honestly, the fried chicken from Willie's was waaaay better. Can't say I'd return, but I can cross this off my list.Ive been coming to New orleans for years now & i seem to return here often' nice staff" easy locarion wonderful staffDelicious breakfast. Don't miss the biscuits. The day we came they had crawfish omelette a with lots of big delicious crawfish. Coffee is excellent which is always a plus for me for breakfast. I wish I could come for lunch because the fried chicken and pork chip with oyster dressing sounds amazing. A great spot in Treme.Have a great lunch Buffett and the employees were very nice. They were all engaging and seemed to know a lot of the customers there. They took their tome to talk to me since I was not a local. Great meal overall and great experience.We went to Lil Dizzys Cafe as it was very close to our airbnb in Treme. Was also recommended to us by our uber driver.
We went in for an early breakfast at 8:30 am. We got the eggs, grits, & smoked sausage, the andouille sausage gumbo, and two biscuits.
The eggs, grits, & smoked sausage were nothing special. Tasted good but not great - fairly standard.
The gumbo tasted quite good. Would definitely recommend this if you're looking to try a quick, no nonsense NOLA gumbo. Biscuits were also very tasty!
Overall - good place for a quick breakfast.I went to Li'l Dizzy's for the fried chicken and it didn't disappoint - it was crispy, tasty and not too greasy.  I tried the lunch buffet, which included the fried chicken, very tasty gumbo, shrimp & crawfish étouffée (yum), fried catfish (perfectly done), mac and cheese (decent), salad bar and bread pudding (divine).
The only downsides are that the cafe is a little small and dirty, but overall it was good value for money and definitely worth a visit.Recommended by our cool Lyft driver Tamara...and soooo glad we listened! After a lil wait we were seated by my "aunt" ( everyone felt like family, the entire restaurant even sang happy birthday to one of my other "aunts" while we were eating...lol) we were served the best lemomade ever (sip slow). We got the buffet and ate EVERYTHING! Fried chicken, bbq chicken, macaroni, gumbo, red beans and rice, bread pudding, and a salad bar. If you're ever in New Orleans and want great food and family environment, go off the beaten path and DEFINITELY get to Lil Dizzys.The first time I came was in autumn 2012 and then I came back during Yelp Spring Break 2013 in May. I called before heading over to be sure they would have it this time...you know what...the macaroni and cheese. 
Then I walked myself over here for brunch on a nice warm May morning and I HAD THE MAC N CHEESE!!! Mmmmm delicious (cheese butter cream delicious). I had the brunch this time which was a little pricey but I did try all of their signature items. I just kept getting the mac n cheese though, over and over and over. The service isn't top notch but I got enough sweet tea refills to wash down all the calories that I ate. I basically had everything from the previous trip but came specifically for the M&C. The only reason why I said the buffet was pricey was because I can only eat so much buffet food in the double digits but it was made with love...
Glad it was a long walk because I stuffed myself with that mac n cheese.Come hungry and early. It get crowded especially on Sundays where people come after church. Get the buffet meals so you can taste a little bit of everything. The staff are so warm and welcoming and the food is so good especially the fried chicken and gumbo. When you sit outside and eat expect flies or bugs flying around because it attracts food but it is part of the experience especially in the south. Will come back again definitely.Amazing Breakfast . Little neighborhood dinner.  But a hundred times better than a fancy restaurant in the FQ. Service was awesome  and the food was phenomenal.Li'l Dizzy's has all the hallmarks of a New Orleans must-try- really popular, great reviews, covered in cool art and visited or acknowledged by multiple presidents and other celebrities. I have no idea why. Service was terrible- they'd snap at us and were generally extremely slow. The food was pretty bad too. I got a po' boy and it barely had any meat in it and tasted bland. It's pretty hard to screw up a po' boy. Everyone else with me got eggs with grits which were pretty bland as well, and getting the waitress to bring us our toast was like pulling teeth.Their bread pudding was a gelatinous mess produced from some kind of banana flavor mix. I don't write many reviews but I felt pretty passionate about this one; I would avoid.The food at this little restaurant was amazing. The restaurant is small but you can tell that the heart of the staff here is large. The setting is very family friendly. I went right after church time on a Sunday and it was very busy. Sometime, service was just a little slow but the food and atmosphere all made up for it. The buffet is a great choice if it is your first time going and you are not quite sure what you want. The fried chicken was unbelievably delicious and the biscuits are to die for. There is a little sitting room outside (about four tables). The restaurant is small so don't expect a lot of legroom or walking space. This restaurant is a great option for brunch.3.5 Rating from me and the hubby. He had chicken we both had gumbo and I had bread pudding. My food was good we added a tab bit of salt. I thought I cracked my tooth on something My husband said his chicken was cold. The place was packed, so you will have a wait, they have lots of breakfast items and a $16.00 adult buffet on the weekends, think most came in for the buffet cause it was quicker. They are packed like I said so you may not get a refill if you need one. They had some nice tiles on the ceiling, that I liked.Delicious food. Great local spot. Excellent service. And it's not overrun by tourists!The food here is above what you would get in the Quarter. They make their own hot sausage and the french toast is on point. The owner was kind , but his brother was AWESOME! He was really cool and just made us feel so welcome!It's a family run business and I dig that. The servers were excellent and made great suggestions. They make sure to thank you for your business and appreciate it as well. Just a great group of people in there. I have eaten at several restaurants here and this is the only one I felt deserved a five star review.As a local I can say by far they got the best of everything! Well seasoned and southern fried!! Seems like home when ya walk through the door! The red beans are the best I've ever had in my southern life!!!!Great locals place. Simple Creole food , as good as it gets. The buffet had gumbo, fried chicken, seafood pasta, fried fish, potato salad, salad bar and bread pudding for $15.99. 
I would definitely go back.Love this place in New Orleans! The gumbo is amazing with the crab legs. The people are so nice! Located in Treme and much better than the tourist spots.A hidden little gem. If you're looking for an authentic NOLA foodie experience come here. Everything we ordered was delicious. Waitstaff were all sweet and accommodating. Just straight up delicious food. Quality is on point.Came here for Sunday brunch, of course the place was crowded but we didn't have to wait long to get seated. The food was delicious and our waitress was nice. However this place can get super cramped when busy and becomes hard to get around for the buffet.It was worth the hype! The breakfast was amazing I ordered the catfish eggs and grits! The server said, "I will add a biscuit, you don't come here and not get a biscuit". Real life the biscuit was amazing! They are none for their fried chicken, so I ordered a wing on the side! Amazing!!!Was hesitant about the buffet price but the food was pretty good as well as the ambiance experience. The fried chicken & the gumbo are definitely my favorite . Didn't care for the dessert. They do close early, check hours. Staff was very busy but friendly. Enjoyed eating outside and taking a walk around the historical Treme neighborhood afterwards. Would definitely go again!We lived down the street from this place for 6 months without ever trying it and once we finally did we were kicking ourselves for waiting so long to do so! Excellent well priced down home cooking. I haven't tried the buffet yet but I hear it's a must. Great breakfast!Finally after passing up here for so long, made my way in. It was my bday and mom's treat; perfect opportunity to check off a new place from my list. This is a local, family run joint, some members I know, most are whom my parents are familiar with. Came in for lunch and there was a buffet, but you could also order from the menu which i was more pleased about. Not that the buffet did not look delicious, just i'm not the one to rave over buffet's, so i glazed over it and after seeing a bunch of heavy stuff in there (fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, red beans and other meats in brown gravy) i decided that breakfast was what i wanted.
I settled on a crabmeat omelet with all the dressings and i must say it was pretty banging. It sure seemed like a five-egg-omelet because that thing was massive. I also got a side of grits and wheat toast. The grits were super good, the consistency was perfect and it needed no salt, pepper or butter. The only thing about the omelet was every now and then i'd get little pieces of crab shell, but it was loaded with a lot of crab meat so i was okay with that.
A lot of times when places have dishes with crab meat in it, it comes out pretty skimp but that definitely was not the issue with mine. It could have also been they might have overheard it was my bday and i got a little extra love, but i doubt it. The staff's interactions with patrons and each other told me everything about this place was genuine.
Nothing i noticed gave me an impression this place lacked in sanitation practices, even considering the buffet. Our waitress was so cool; a real down to Earth southern belle that kept the flow of our lunch a good one. I would certainly come back in here to try more menu items and perhaps give the buffet a try because it did look pretty good, just wasn't in the mood for the food coma it would have put me in. I mean, it was my birthday and  beautiful day, i would have hated to waste it passed out on the couch.
Thanks for the great service and meal, i'll be seeing you all again, soon!Good breakfast! No frills, just solid food for a good price! Ate breakfast here twice during our trip to New Orleans. Seems like a local spot. I suggest the eggs and fried catfish (not on the sunday menu)! Sunday menu has less options and is a bit more expensive.Delicious! Best meal we've had in New Orleans and very reasonably priced. The biscuits and cornbread are amazing!What a gem! My husband and I were staying in the Treme, and Lil' Dizzy's Café was recommended by our Airbnb host. It was a quick walk and we are so glad we made the trip! We were there for breakfast (their lunch does not start until 11, so if you want fried chicken you have to go after that time!) That said, breakfast was incredible! I had the shrimp grillade, their version of shrimp and grits, with a homemade biscuit, and my husband had a jambalaya omelette. So tasty! Exactly the comfort food we needed on a chilly winter NOLA day. The service was incredible; everyone made us feel very welcome and we saw three or four folks during our dining experience, including the owner, all helping to make our experience positive. The music station they play is pretty great too. We truly loved it and will definitely be back! Best breakfast in the Treme for sure!Awesome atmosphere and staff - true local people.  You can't get food with more soul than this for breakfast anywhere.  Shrimp grillades - unreal.  Garlic, huge shrimp, grits, tomatoes. 'nuff said.  Jambalaya omelette, shut your mouth.  2 kinds of sausage and huge shrimp.After living here for five years, this is my absolute favorite for Creole soul food.  The lunch buffet is wonderful, especially on Friday.  Try to arrive at lunch before noon to minimize the likelihood of waiting for a table.  Absolutely best fried chicken in town, great file gumbo, and bread pudding straight from heaven.  And, get to know your waitresses, the very best part of the visit.This is a nice quaint spot buffet style.  All items were good gumbo, shrimp creole, fried fish, fried chicken, vegetables, etc. but my favorite I have to say was the bread pudding.  Soooo Good.Everything about this special place is fantastic! The people, the food, the location. Thanks for always being so welcoming y'all are amazingWe've visited New Orleans at Christmas for 20 years and just found Dizzy's this year!  Food is wonderful, atmosphere even better. To the person who posted a comment about updating the place, I pray they don't!  It is small and informal and perfect just like it is!  
We went on Saturday, and in a city known for good food, we had to come again for more before we left on Friday!  We were surprised to be waved to a table by the lady who had taken such good care of us a week earlier saying "Well you DID make it back - you think I don't  remember?!", and remember she did, right down to what we had ordered before. 
If you're smart you'll try the jambalaya omelet, the grits, the fried chicken, and the mac and cheese; if you're LUCKY, you'll have Miss Lucey taking care of you!  Ask for her!!!!Came here for breakfast during my Nola trip. 
- Dark meat fried chicken (5/5 stars) - #1. Omg this fried chicken!! Best fried chicken I've had. Sadly, I haven't had fried chicken at too many legit places but better late than never! (Don't let the simple look of the chicken in my picture fool you... It will blow your mind!)
- Shrimp grillades/shrimp n grits (3/5 stars): Hmm... the shrimp were very tiny and not satisfying. The entire bowl was lacking flavor. Later I was yelping Luke's and saw how big their shrimps are... (unfortunately didn't get the chance to go to Luke's)
- White meat fried chicken (2/5 stars); Awww. I guess white meat is healthier but boy was it dry. No good :(
- Fried catfish (4/5 stars): Only had a bite of this - snatched a bite from friend's order. Tasted very delicious and fresh!
Service was so friendly. Seems like a local's spot, and all the waiters/waitresses were genuinely sweet. So rare these days to find this type of relaxed, happy service that's not just overbearing and looking for extra tips... so it's always a nice surprise finding it!
Overall, it's a decent spot for food in New Orleans. But it was only 2 blocks walking distance from our Air BnB spot so the convenience was helpful. (We were recommended to Li'l Dizzy's by our uber driver one night)Loved Lil Dizzy's! Gave us an authentic feel of New Orleans which is what we were looking for after trying some of the restaurants in the French Quarter. The food was so good, and cheap!!! 
We had the 'All you can eat Breakfast buffet' on a Sunday. Fried chicken, seafood gumbo, shrimp grille, French toast, potato salad, bread pudding, and the list goes on!! It was by far the best southern food I had all wknd in Nola!This restaurant was fairly close to our rented home in NOLA so we ended up eating here 2x.  Overall not bad but not mind blowing either.  Definitely has a southern feel as soon as you walk in.  The servers and bus boys have strong southern accents so it feels like you're eating at a local spot.  I ended up getting the buffet both times I went there.  The fried chicken was good and the rice and green beans were good.  I didn't care for the jambalaya and gumbo as much.  The bread pudding wasn't bad either.  The service was decent.  Overall, a 3 star rating in my opinion.Our intent was to have breakfast, but we arrived 19 minutes late - breakfast ends at 1:00P. So, we had the buffet instead and the best part was a Treme history lesson from the owner.  The gumbo was delicious and the fried chicken is award winning. The whipped potato salad reminded me of my grandmother's and the cafe felt just like I was sitting in my grandmas kitchen. I look forward to having Sunday brunch and encourage to visit too.Great place to eat, a nice home type joint in the neighborhood... Just the fact that they had seafood gumbo with crab legs a part of their 15.99 buffet was incredible... Everything there was incredible, fried chicken, bbq chicken was amazing, as well as the red beans and rice... Great place.You have to be quick and have a game plan to catch a seat in this place. It's super tiny and you may find a chair or two up against your table.  But it's all worth it. The menu is out your grandma's kitchen and so is the charm that comes with.  Just about everything looks good and tastes good but go ahead and get the trout topped with a generous mound of crabmeat with red beans that have been cooking since early morning and the M&C a cornerstone of any comfort food resto. Not fancy or fussy but still a Nola gem.Great spot to have breakfast. We were in town on Election Day and the place was full of people--including some of the candidates. Li'l Dizzy's has a truly local feel and down home cooking.  I had eggs, bacon, and grits...and a piece of fried chicken because it just looked too good to pass up. It was excellent.Best food in NOLA.  That being said, here is a quick disclaimer.  As I rule I dislike this and other sites as they require no accountability from the reviewers and give already entitled people a false sense of their own importance.  However, as this may be the best way to reach people here goes.
A small restaurant, 14 tables inside and a handful outside.  Friendly, engaging and quite humorous service staff accentuates a small town diner in at the edge of New Orleans' Treme district.  Even the busser was engaging.
I went in with my family for Sunday brunch.  While the selection may at first seem small, quality trumps quantity every time.  If you want a lot of items go pay $35 for the standard Harrah's brunch.  Fried chicken, fried biscuits, and the best french toast I have ever eaten.  The omelets are nothing to sneeze at either.  If it is not already, it should be the most popular place in town.My hubby and I were in Nola for a mini BaeCay and I stumbled across this awesome place while searching for where the locals go. The food here is wonderful! We both had the Sunday brunch buffet and what a treat! The fried chicken was perfectly seasoned and had just the right crunch! When I say it was all good...it was ALL GOOD! The gumbo...perfection...the red beans &  rice...perfect...the bread pudding...to die for!!! The greens...perfect!!! I had a seafood omelette...all I can say is get it, it was heavenly! We will return EVERYTIME we're in Nola...That's a promise!!!I ordered the buffet because there was nothing else as appealing on the menu. I'm so glad I did. Everything was beyond delicious--green beans, cabbage, red beans, fried chicken, cornbread. I felt like I was eating dinner at my grandma's. And the gumbo was out of this world. I grew up eating authentic Louisiana gumbo, so I am a huge gumbo snob. It shouldn't have tomatoes, okra, or oysters. And it should have spicy Louisiana sausage. This pot was perfect. I'd return just for the gumbo. Oh, and although I'm not a huge fan of bread pudding, since I wanted to try all these New Orleans, I had a bowl full (and went back for seconds). 
Needless to say, I left Dizzy's, dizzy and recommend that you stop on in for the food and the comedy show put on by the staff. Li'l Dizzy and his little brother are adorable. It's super cramped inside so be prepared to bump into folks.Great food and service.  Thank you for making our family feel right at home !  The Gumbo was delicious.  I recommend getting there early to avoid the crowd.MUST go here again and again. The breakfast buffet was awesome.  Here is what I had that was awesome: fried chicken, biscuits, mac 'n cheese and omelet. The only thing I wasn't crazy about...and this was just my preference...was the gumbo.  The gumbo had seafood and file.  I'm not a big file fan. Now I did notice that one gentleman had at least two bowls of it so file gumbo fans should really like. The consistency and amt of seafood was excellent. The service was great as well. I can't wait to go again.All I can say is wow , the best fried chicken in New Orleans is not popoyes it's here in this little corner spot of gold , love the sweet tea and bread pudding .This was my second time eating here since I've moved to New Orleans. Today I got french toast with bananas & a side of grits instead of the choice of meat. My boyfriend ordered a shrimp poboy. We sat outside & were immediately acknowledged by the waitress & the busboy. We waited a few minutes before we were given menus & our waitress took our drink order. After we ordered it took about 15 mins for our food to arrive & we didn't mind the wait as it was a nice day out. For a sweet tea & our food the bill was $24.07. It was a nice treat & we were lucky there wasn't a line like usual.I visited Lil Dizzy's years ago early one Sunday for Brunch. We got there right after they opened so there was no wait. The place is small and kind of cramped. The food was delicious but what I remember most is the bread pudding. It was simply delightful. I will have to visit again to see if things are still the same.We were really disappointed. Slow service, jambalaya omelet was just ok, cornbread was cold, and the prices were high. Although the location was cute, we won't be returning.Soul food brunch at Li'l Dizzy's cafe.    
-  flavorful, sumptous Gumbo.  
- hot, tasty, light and crispy fried chicken. 
Unpretentious restaurant off the beaten path.  No frills, fairly priced.  With a great mom and pop feel to it. it's mostly a neighborhood joint with a Kitchen, staff team that know what they are doing.I  came here for lunch one afternoon looking forward to trying it and left hungry because I lost my appetite mid meal and here is why: 
I unrolled my silverware and there was cheese encrusted all over the fork to where the prongs were not even visible. Ok, strike one but not the worst I've seen so lets just grab another fork and move on.  
I make my way over to the buffet which was fried chicken and red beans and rice and I've heard good things about it so I was looking forward to trying it. They had quasi clean plates stacked on top of buffet line so I grab one and notice that there is rice matted onto the plate. Hmm...their dish washer must have been texting and drying because the dirty dish theme continues. Strike 2. 
Fast forward to new plate, new fork and my party of six are all back seated. Then my neighboring friend turns to me and goes, "is this what I think it is?" Yep, an enormous dead bug chilling in the middle of his red beans and rice. Now, this was no ordinary bug, this bug might as well had a hat and coat on because he was a hefty sucker. Clearly, he died from red beans and rice overdose or as I like to call them, red beans and flies. Strike 3. 
Judging from the other reviews it seems like I went on a very off day so I'd be willing to try it again, but long after this memory has been erased from my brain.Good gumbo and seafood. Not many seats. Lots of one ways streets so be careful parking.  Down home service. Buffet best value. Do not come expecting quick service,  it won't happen. Prices very reasonable.My friend and I were strolling around New Orleans on vacation and wandered into this amazing place hungry and thirsty.  What made us choose to eat here was watching all the local police officers roll in for lunch.  It's a well known fact that the police know who has the best food in town in any major city.  Best decision we made all week!
The food is exceptional to say the least.  By far the best bread pudding I have ever had.  The chicken is mouth watering.  The staff are friendly and the owner seems to know everyone who comes through the door.  Leave your diet at the door and enjoy every bite.First off it's Fathers Day so it was kinda busy.
Pros: good food, staff was nice bread pudding and French toast was the bomb!
Cons: place small, omelet was messy the special station was overwhelmed with orders and by the time we received them we were already full. Will definitely return though!I love this place! Best biscuits and buffet in town. You'll walk in hungry and walk out satisfied :)I will start this review by saying, bless the hands that makes their food. Li'l Dizzy's is soo dang good. 
It is a family establishment which is so nice. You really feel the warmth of the establishment. Also, Dizzy is named after the owner's, Wayne Baquet, grandchild. 
The first thing I ate was the grilled biscuit. That biscuit was fantastic, I didn't think it could get any better. But guess what?! It did. I ordered the grits, eggs, and catfish with a side order of the fried chicken. THAT FRIED CHICKEN WAS SO DARN GOOD! It literally was the best fried chicken I've had. The skin was just the right amount of crispy and the seasoning was amazing. I love thick grits and Li'l Dizzy's grits was the perfect amount of thickness. 
The owner, Wayne Baquet was very personable and kind.  Also, another staff person came to check in on us. I did not eat the buffet, but they do offer a buffet for $17.99. I didn't get it because I planned to eat later. The the buffet included gumbo, fried chicken. The sweet tea was the perfect level of sweet.
I wasn't a fan of the catfish. It tasted like the river to me and my sister. However, we are city gals, so that review with a grain of salt.
I will definitely be coming back and next time I will try the buffet!!Awesome, awesome shrimp gumbo and Jambalaya. Stuffed crab, fried chicken and the bread pudding were amazing too. Highly recommended!6/7/18 Unique jambalaya omelet. Outstanding hash browns and biscuits. Coffee not good. Everything else was fantastic! The staff was very nice. Nice home style feelI went about 1pm Monday and had the buffet. Fried chicken was solid but wouldnt return just for it. Red beans and rice were bland, gumbo was delicious and bread pudding was missing a whole lot of ingredients but had a can of fruit cocktail in it instead. Will not return... The sweet tea is the best ive ever had so I guess if I'm in town and craving a meal of fried chicken, gumbo and sweet tea only, I'll come here.Went here for the Sunday Brunch. We were hesitant to go: 1) It's a restaurant in a hotel. 2) pay $20 pp----but so worth it! We stayed at the W Hotel on Poydras and the locals recommended it. Good southern home cooking. Fried chicken, collard greens, gumbo, jambalaya, mac and cheese. Did it make you hungry yet? BRING YOUR APPETITE. GO!!!I knew I was in the right place as I pulled up to Lil Dizzy's Cafe when I saw 2 police cruisers "parked" on both sides of the restaurants. Cops get a bad rap with the donuts and all but what a lot of people don't know is that they KNOW where the legitimate eateries are, during normal business hours. Wayne Baquet (owner), Lucy ( my server ) , bus boys , cooks, and the rest of the staff made you feel like you were home in your dining room where no request was too big and big were the smiles and old fashioned southern hospitality. With a general easiness, these folks go about the not so easy task of running an culinary EXPERIENCE for the taste buds. LOOK, I can go on and on about the creamy mac and cheese, the hot and moist fried chicken, delicately spicy jambalaya or the crab infused gumbo and sausage that had you going back for more and more (buffet as it is) and last but not least, the crab, lobster and scallop stuffed crab shells that they would not let me buy for take out.....lol. All washed down with some of the best iced around. HUGE portions for a great price. Didn't have room for the "Trout Baquet " or the oyster, shrimp, sausage or catfish po boys.....so I took them to go. It was an eclectic group of comers and goers, working class folk, students, tourists, well to doers, and all of the colors of the rainbow. Get there early. Before 11am to beat the lunch crowd and possibly get my table by the window behind the cashier. They close at 2pm and re open at 4pm for dinner.  EVERYTHING IS GOOD HERE! Go. Eat. Savor the atmosphere and say hello to Wayne for me. He just may be at the front door saying hi to you first.