So I brought my wife's car to Santos Automotive to get an oil change. On a side note, if you're looking for a great mechanic, choose Santos. It's about the only mechanic shop I trust. They do great work at a reasonable/fair price.
WHAT WORKED?
This was my first visit to Liberty's. As many times as I've been to the Whole Foods next door or the mechanic, I had never set foot in the place. I had wanted to support their work like Cafe Reconcile and Cafe Hope and other organizations. 
So I ordered the Liberty's Breakfast, which consisted of two eggs my way (I'm partial to scrambled), two slices of bacon, toast and my choice of grits (cheesy or sans cheese), potato hash or fruit. I chose the cheesy grits. Everything was delicious. The eggs were fluffy and seasoned, the grits were hot and, well, cheesy. The cheese was thoroughly incorporated into the grits, not just shredded cheese thrown on top. I really appreciated that. The grits were creamy and only needed a sprinkling of salt and pepper. The bacon had a really good flavor and was crispy and chewy. The toast, however, took me by surprise. I normally write toast off, but this toast was really good. It was chewy with a nice bite and had a good flavor. It paired well with the butter and grape and strawberry jelly. I don't know what kind of bread it was, but there were little pieces of oat flakes on the crust.
I ordered an Arnold Palmer, but it's execution didn't meet expectations. It wasn't bad by any means, just different. They used black tea, but I'm probably used to some plain, run of the mill tea in my Arnold Palmers.
The place is really cute and looks like it would be a cool place to hangout, something akin to Starbucks or most other cafes. It has ample seating inside with an accompanying patio. 
The service was great. My server Shantrell ("Trell") appeared to be a little annoyed when I first arrived, but she soon warmed up to me and was professional and sweet in the end. She was knowledgeable about the menu. They accept Apple Pay, which is always a plus, but the feature wasn't working that day. 
I saw an offer for a free pastry if I checked in and I took advantage of that, of course. Like, yeah!! The pastries that day consisted of a really big blueberry muffin, croissant, lemon ginger bread, zucchini bread and perhaps a couple other items. It was a nice selection. The zucchini bread, which I'm told is gluten free, not that it matters because I can consume gluten and non-gluten and everything else just fine, had the texture of banana bread. It was ok, but there was some grittiness when I swallowed. Not sure what that was all about. 
I decided to make a pit stop before I left and noticed the bathroom was pretty clean. Always a good sign. I also noted that while it was quiet around 10:00, it was quite bustling by the time I left. 
WHAT DIDN'T WORK?
I'll definitely be back.I love this place! 
I can always count on it for great service, very fresh sandwiches, salads, and sides. They serve Starbucks coffee, which is either a good thing a bad thing depending on who you are, but I think their coffee prices are pretty good and their servers can make you most drinks that you'd order. They have good pastries and desserts too. 
My favorite dishes are: 
-Refresh breakfast sandwich
-Cowboy Caviar
-Fish tacos
-Their salad with Granny Smith apples, roasted chicken, candied pecans, bleu cheese, and their house made dressing
-Chicken sandwich
-Side salad
-Their Saturday brunch is delicious
Always have super courteous staff with smiles on their faces. Such a great cause for the neighborhood too, so make sure to give them your business!Great staff and great service! Highly recommended for a group meeting or lunchtime work session!Good sandwich and coffee, cheerful service. Tiny spot, tucked inside the Broadmoor Library. Keeps library hours so not open early but but perfect for lunch or an afternoon break.I LOVE the Green Dot and cannot recommend it enough. Sandwiches and pastries are amazing, smoothies are really tasty (and healthy!), and their selection of coffee drinks rivals any coffee shop.
The location is great and the staff are always super friendly.I didn't realize this cafe was so much more than a coffee shop. I used to grab my quick meals at the hot bar at WF next door, no more! I've had the black bean burger and the beef burger. Both were delicious. The only burger I've had in the city that I like more is Tallulah's. The side salad is substantial. The green onion vinaigrette and the balsamic vinaigrette are both winners. Getting a tasty, fresh meal for ~$10. So happy-making. Plus, free wifi!Meh. Like a Starbucks. Limited breakfast options. Not particularly cheap but not expensive either. Food is decent but not worthy of the 4+ stars currently rated.The food is fine.  No issues there. But the service is so pathetically slow. Honestly it would be faster to buy the items at Whole Foods, take them home and cook them yourself.Stopped in the newly opened Liberty's Kitchen location at Whole Foods and I decided to do soup and salad for lunch. I got a hot soup from Whole Foods next door and ordered the Cajun Cobb Salad and man was that a great choice. Chopped Romaine with Pan Seared Shrimp, Sliced Smoked Sausage, Crumbled Bleu Cheese, Fresh Guacamole, Sliced Cucumber, Pickled Red Onion and a Sliced Hard Boiled Egg with Bleu Cheese Dressing, whats not to like there. This is definitely in my lunch rotation. Amazing and for a good cause too.I believe in this cause 100%. The coffee's pretty good, too.Staff is excellent and adorable. Mac n cheese to die for and wonderfull scones! I'll definitely be back.Finally got around to trying this place out after missing it at its old location further up Broad Ave. Hardly having the opportunity to eat out for breakfast during breakfast hours, i was glad to get around to checking this spot from my bookmarks.
The inside is nice, i dig the use of the wood theme, it's clean and cool. Instead of boring ol' number markers for orders, you're given the name of a neighborhood of the city as an identifier of your order. I like the little added local flare to things, it works without being too cheesy. Simply place your order with the clerk at the counter, get your hood, and it's brought out to you.
I had the New Orleans breakfast sandwich which is basically a bomb ass home-made breakfast sandwich with bacon, egg and cheese with hollandaise on white toast and a side (I got fruit) for $6, can't beat it. I'd definitely call ahead for one of these sandwiches if I'm on the go.
I'll certainly be back a few more times to try some of their lunch items. Note that most breakfast items, from what I saw, stop being served at 11am. So get in early if you need that traditional fix.Great food. Great service. Good prices. We came here while visiting LA and it was good enough to come back the next morning. I recommend especially considering the cause.I ordered the garden omelet with a side of bacon.  My daughter ordered the same thing.  My son ordered two eggs, bacon, and grits.  My daughter and son got the correct plates, but my plate came with grits instead of bacon.  I told the person who brought the food that I was given grits instead of bacon; he looked at all the plates and said "we must have made a mistake and put your bacon on another plate" and pointed to my son's plate, and then he walked away to help someone else!  I was in shock.  First of all, my son's order came with bacon, so the bacon on the plate was HIS.  Second, even if the kitchen DID make that mistake, I'm not going to take the food off of someone else's plate!  My son had already eaten half of the bacon when the guy said that!  He glanced over a couple of minutes later and I said "I still need bacon".  He walked into the kitchen and as he threw open the door he said so rudely "she said she still needs bacon".  When he brought the plate of bacon out I asked him if he wanted to take the grits back and he totally ignored me and turned around and walked off.  
I think the program they have going there is such a great thing.  And the food was really GOOD!  But it's a shame, because this incident will keep us from going back.  The mistake didn't bother me - it was a simple mistake with an easy fix, and sometimes mistakes just happen.  It's how he chose to "fix" the mistake that made me decide not to return.Liberty's Kitchen is a great organization for youth in New Orleans. They not only provide a strong job training program for at-risk young people in a nurturing, supportive environment, they also help youth with life skills development and a foundation of supports for healthy, independent living.
The new space in the ReFresh building has a bright, cheery vibe. It's a great spot for a casual lunch or breakfast. They also serve Starbucks coffee and other drinks as well as pastries from local bakeries, so you can stop by in the morning for some yummy fuel to start your day. My go-to item on the lunch menu is the Cajun Cobb salad, but you can't go wrong with any option. The Liberty's Salad is excellent, as well as the Fish Tacos, Shrimp and Grits, and MVP Burger. The brownies are also quite delicious.I love Liberty's Kitchen! The staff is always prompt and friendly. I legitimately had the best grilled chicken sandwich I've ever had for lunch today. The lunch specials are a real steal and the cowboy caviar was a amazing. I totally a recommended LK to my coworkers today and they cancelled their orders elsewhere to get lunch from Liberty's Kitchen! Quality produce and quality product, I'll definitely be back.Somewhat  near  so I stopped in to test it out. No biscuits  but good food  and service in the morning. Great  concept. People learn the restaurant  business and go on to work in the city. All the food is well prepared by local students. Large cooking school  next door  with organic   grocery store. Nice  morning respet  for  good  cause. They have scone  but not biscuits. What's up with that.I can only say good things about Liberty's Kitchen. The food is delicious (especially that MVB burger and the Cajun Cobb Salad), the environment is welcoming, and the proceeds of the business go to an amazing cause. What more could you ask for?Liberty's Kitchen is bringing its magic to Broadmoor. Delicious.  Enjoy a drink and pastry or sandwich after you visit the library or after you have taken a class or workshop at the Arts and Wellness Center or at the community center.Am absolutely in love with this place! I already was a fan of Starbucks, but add some good for you food too?! Wholy moley! Yup, this chick is hooked! The vegetarian red beans and rice is my go to, but the sandwiches and other specialities are just as good! Great portion sizes and reasonably priced. Plus if you check in on yelp, you get free goodies!!!Visited this location today and the young staff was awesome! Very friendly and welcoming. I ordered the black bean burger and it was delicious! I'll definitely be back.This is a review for Liberty's Kitchen's *catering*.
Michael, Catering Coordinator, was awesome. She was responsive, capable, flexible, patient...all things that made my life much easier over the course of a four-day Summit I was planning. We had Liberty's do four meals I think - each one was delicious, high-quality, unique, and on-time. 
More than that, Michael talked me off the ledge when I had last-minute freak-outs such as not having enough utensils, or did I need three times as many scones?? I wanted to hug her on many occasions. I will definitely use Liberty's again, and recommend them when others need an excellent caterer. 
Thank you!Fresh and delicious!!!  GO!!  Always surprises me. This little cafe serves insanely delicious, flavorful and you-can-taste-the-freshness food. The space is clean and has good vibes. 
Try the black bean burger or the grilled veggie sandwich. (And I'm not even vegetarian!!!) Cowboy caviar and the potato salad are delicious.
Love all of it, as well as the purpose of the place -- Look it up if you don't know :)
GO TRY IT!!!!LOVE this place. Especially the pressed sandwiches, smoothies and banana-chocolate chip bread. So excited to have Liberty's Kitchen in Broadmoor. The space has an awesome outdoor patio area to meet/eat outdoors in nice weather.Really like the idea of this place. It's set up very whole foods like, but it's a little rough around the edges. Service is a bit stilted and the tables I looked at were dirty. The coffee, which yes, is Starbucks, is the worst kind: burned from sitting in the pot/sterno for too long. Even the iced, which you almost have to try to do. 
That said, this was a well needed salad. Nola's yummy local food isn't exactly the healthiest and all I wanted was a plate of vegetables. And that's what I got, a delicious plate of fresh salad. The local salad was mixed greens with cucumber, chicken, pecans and blue cheese crumbled with a sweet and tangy vinaigrette. Pretty darn good. 
Free wifi. 2 hour limit.portions are small.    but tasty.
lots of confusion as you were training a newbie.  but hey, it will get better.
enjoyed everything.I love it here, thanks Jen L for bringing it to my attention (smooches)
I love the ambience here.  NOLA Meets Cali.  The outdoor terrace takes me to So-Cali and then I'm catapulted back to Naturally N'Awlins because of the indoor architect; what can a shorts wearing, outdoor loving gal want??? (Don't answer, that was a rhetorical question)
Oh and did I mention they serve lite-bites, Starbucks coffee & Starbucks branded items.  No they don't make the loyalty card, but some of the prices are much cheaper than Starbucks, so #WINNING!!!!
Connected to the Rosa Keller Library, which I see allows drinks in a few select areas; you can get your research on while sipping on that skinny mocha double espresso soy latte (or whatever your pleasure, idk if that's even a real drink); anyWHO!!!!
Tables in the kitchen-like area allow you to eat a morsel, prepared by the barista & enjoy free WIFI from the library.  Food & surfing the net... #LOVINGIT
Walk a little further in there are sofas & loungers for a more relaxed visit.  Fireplaces, upstairs sitting areas, community boards & meeting rooms; this place is a hodgepodge of loveliness right in the Broadmoor Area.  Need I mention, the location is just a hop-skip-jump from the CBD, hello  #WINNINGYETAGAIN
I don't really know the whole story of its existence, but I believe it has something to community revitalization... I'm with it!!!! So now bring on the CUBANO!!!!!!For what it is it's a nice place.
My Community Garden Sandwich which comes with delicious fresh fruit (or grits) was teally good ($7).
Coffee was excellent as well.
Good and friendly counter service. Clean place.The Green Dot Cafe has been an off and on fixture at Keller Library for years but is now at its best, being run by Liberty's Kitchen. Not only does it offer the normal coffee shop menu, but its in a library and community center, there's easy parking and, best of all, there's a great outdoor patio to enoy your coffee or have that special meeting.Good sandwiches, generous portions and extremely wonderful service from a very nice person. What more could you want? :) Plus it's at THE LIBRARY, so come on!Good coffee. Food was very fresh and tasty with healthy options (veggie omelette was fantastic). Business runs a "youth development program" so always great to see your money going to a good cause. Young, kind, helpful staff run the place. Everything I look for in a breakfast joint!They do a good job here.  I like that everybody is in training for a profession.  The food is amazing, well prepared with fresh ingredients.  I have had several salads and the VIP Burger and have not been disappointed.  My service was fast, so I can do it for lunch hour and the price is right.Awesome! Good quality food with a good mission! Went here for brunch and wasn't disappointedI didn't get a chance eat the food here. So this review is not the based on the content of food, but on how long it took for me to receive my food. It took me approximately 25 minutes to make up mind that I wasn't going to wait another minute for my order. Before I can get up and ask for my money back. The waiter came over and told me that they're out of croissants. Wow, I said. With this said, it wasn't even packed.Finally got to stop back in and see the new/old cafe at the Keller Library. LOVE that this is a Liberty Kitchen project so at risk students are learning job skills and making money.
My iced tea was perfect. My blueberry scone was more muffin-y than scone-y but delicious nonetheless. The cafe space was clean and airy.
The parking lot was full at 10 am on Thursday so yay for library users...since the cafe was not. But I found parking on the street, under a shadetree so it was all good. 
Just wish their hours were a bit longer so I could go more often. 10 to 5 is tough for me. Now I need to find a day to go get one of their sandwiches.4.25/5 noms and convenient
so i've been stopping in for various work-related meetings - breakfast/coffee and/or lunch and/or afternoon coffee pick-me-up and it's been great. the staff are very conscientious at every step of the transaction and i feel solid each time. i've availed the yelp check-in for a free pastry a couple times - some things are in house and some things are from shake sugary, i think. any of those scones. any of them! and the "bigger" food is also pretty decent. i've chomped on a few sandwiches now and they are filling.
my favorite isn't actually available on the shelf - if you put in a catering/party order for their chocolate chip cookies, they'll come in these scrumptious mini versions. gahhh i can eat an entire tray by myself!
oh and you know, there's also the great mission they have with working with our young people, but obvi you already knew that. if you didn't, check out their site!20 minute Black Bean Burger with about 3 people in the place. Tasted good, salad had a lot of veggies but, SLOWWWWW service.This was excellent tasting food!I just ate here today for the first time. . I was really impressed. The  caesar side was wonderfully fresh and tangy. The Chicken Mushroom Melt was incredibly tasty. It was the best sandwich I  have eaten in at least a year. The carmelized onions were perfectly balanced with the all white meat chicken breast and ciabatta bread. YUMMMM 
I'm planning my return.I've had the veggie sandwich and it was decent. Tried the black bean burger and was very disappointed. I would have called it a slider based on the small size. Burger was very dry. Did not realize that potato hash was mostly bacon with a little bit of undercooked potatoes. So out $10 and was starving 30min later.Excellent lunch, Cajun Cobb Salad with shrimps and sausage. Small but comfortable, quick and cheerful service. Worth a trip, easy to get to from Uptown, CBD and Mid-city.I stopped in here for lunch today before going grocery shopping. It was so good. The food was fresh and tasty. The balsamic salad dressing may have been the best I've ever had. It was great to eat at an affordable and healthy spot. I'll be back!Good assortment of ingredients for a cafe. Got the bacon/ sweet potato biscuit, it was good wish I had gotten it warmed up. Presentation for some of the food was surprisingly nice. Solid cafe.Very nice place. Spacious with super friendly staff. Very clean (there was a lot of polishing as we ate breakfast - nice to see in a indoor/outdoor cafe.) We had baked goods which were good and a fried egg sandwich which was very nice. A lovely healthy alternative to breakfast at home.I've only tried this place for breakfast and afternoon coffee. ReFresh croissant was really good, very filling. I chose potato hash as my side and it was DELICIOUS. Very reasonable price point ($7) for the (hot) sandwich / side.  I also enjoyed a blueberry muffin - on the house because I checked in via the yelp app ;) Starbucks coffee is served. 
Decent service. Clean tables. Free WiFi. Adequate seating. Moderate noise level; some patrons drop in to order and go while individuals and small groups alike may choose to use the space for productivity. 
I'll like and would recommend it.Cool mission and great food and service! We had fish tacos and a turkey burger, both delicious. Coffee was good as well.So delicious! I got the fish tacos for lunch today, and they were perfect - crispy tortillas (that didn't break at all!), tender grilled fish, and just the right ratio of sauces, lettuce, and pico de gallo. The sauce was not very spicy, which is great for me. There was a cold black-eyed pea salad on the side that was tasty, too. The service was fast and very polite. 
I will definitely be coming back, and highly recommend Liberty's Kitchen to everyone!Not bad. Food was ok. Staff was nice. Cool vibes. Quiche was good, so was the scone. It was a good experience. I'd go back.I dropped by the Whole Food Store at N. Broad & Bienville for some provisions and decided to have lunch at the Liberty Kitchen adjacent to the store.  The restaurant features a modernistic decor with lots of natural lighting.  There is a New Orleans flare to the identification of your table as you await your food order.  Instead of using numbers, placards are used with the names of various New Orleans neighborhoods.  For example, the Neighborhood name printed on the placard for my table was "Lower Ninth Ward" and a nearby table was identified as "Broadmoor."  The staff are all disciples of the restaurant mogul, Emeril Lagasse.  The menu is limited to primarily Salads, Sandwiches, Red Beans & Rice, Chicken & Andouille Gumbo and a Quiche Du Jour.
I opted for the Cajun Cobb Salad which consisted of Chopped Romaine with Pan Seared Shrimp, Sliced Smoked Sausage, Crumbled Bleu Cheese, Fresh Guacamole, Sliced Cucumber, Pickled Red Onion and a Sliced Hard Boiled Egg with Bleu Cheese Dressing.  The salad dressing that was provided with the salad seemed more like a Ranch Dressing and I would have much more preferred some other type of dressing.  However, the salad was really tasty and invigorating.  All that to say that I shall return and I'll certainly explore more of their menu options.My first stop at their new space in the building with the Whole Food on Broad...what a huge change from their old small space closer to the courthouse. The new space is light and airy and there is so much room! Plus outside seating.
The menu is still small but offers a little something for everyone. The items are tasty, healthy and well prepared. I had the grilled veggie and cheese sandwich and it was delicious and big enough with the side salad (+1) for me to eat it for lunch and dinner.
The staff is the real reason to come. This is still a great work program to teach young people job skills. And folks working front of house were personable and enthusiastic. 
Can't wait to go back.This place is seriously incredible!  Besides the food being fresh and delicious, the portions were plentiful, the service was amazing. The men and women who work here are courteous and friendly. Will be returning soon!!!Really tasty breakfast sandwich and friendly service! Cool little spot with a great mission.Liberty's kitchen brick and mortar location on Broad street is a great spot. I had been eating their pastries at the adjacent Whole Foods for a good while before they finally opened up the café. 
They sell Starbuck's coffee here. I don't know if that is a good thing or a bad thing because a) I think all coffee tastes the same b) I don't know if some free trade organic stuff or.....yeah I have no idea about coffee.
The breakfasts and sandwiches are delicious. A breakfast sandwich isn't cheap but it will be loaded with egg and cheese and thick slabs of bacon (if you order a bacon, egg and cheese). 
The real reason to go to Liberty's Kitchen is their Youth Development Program. All of the proceeds from their food and beverage sales go directly to this program which gives New Orleans youth (ages 16-24) an opportunity to learn the ins and outs of the restaurant industry. They provide their students with experience to build their resumes to help them get other jobs in the food industry. They provide them with uniforms, social skills coaching and even help with future job placement. The most incredible thing that they offer as part of their "Recipe for Success" is they give the individuals in the program access to help with housing, medical care and child care. This is such an unbelievable awesome program. I have seen young men who come through my office from Juvenile Court excel in this program and it seriously just makes me so damn happy I could cry.
Support Liberty's Kitchen and you are supporting your city.Absolutely amazing. The Mac n cheese is so tasty and every time they brought a meal out to a table my mouth watered it all looks so good and fresh. The staff is unbelievably kind and so happy. We tried the burgers, BLT, salad, mac n cheese and had absolutely no complaints. Highly recommend!I usually drop in here for lunch. The sandwiches are really good (I like the veggie and the turkey) and everyone who works here is really nice. They never scoff at the quadruple shot I put in my latte and the staff is pretty easy on the eyes. :)I ordered the lemon ginger bread and it was fantastic. The service by Shantrell was amazing! I also ordered the breakfast taco and they were DELICIOUS! Thanks Liberty Kitchen for all that you do!The Green Dot Cafe is located in the Keller Library, where I worked all summer, and they had such great food every single day! The creamcheese brownies were definitely my favorite though - and talking to Cierra every day!Between the wealth of treasures of the public library and the rich, wellness of the community center, Rosa Keller is an oasis in the fertile Broadmoor community. Renewed in that oasis is the Green Dot Café by Liberty's Kitchen. There, you can be refreshed with coffee creations, tasteful pastries and hot paninis. 
Like the larger café and restaurant located north on Broad (that houses the youth development program), you can find some of the Liberty's Kitchen classics you may have come to enjoy: Liberty's Salad, Caramel Brownies and Starbucks Coffee. New are the paninis, smoothies and increased snack options for the kids. 
This is not a direct replica of Liberty's Kitchen. It's like the hipper little brother.I'm so glad this place reopened! It's better than ever. Great service, too. Try the lemon ginger loaf. It's heaven.Nice clean place with excellent healthier options for breakfast and brunch. Excellent baristas.Great place for vegetarians. I ordered a black bean burger with mac and cheese and it was a good price ($10), incredibly filling, and pretty tasty. Above average mac and cheese and light mayo. My only complaints about the food are that I think the black beans were too salty and  the patty itself was a bit too mushy so it fell apart a lot.
Service was great at 1pm. They serve starbucks coffee, and they serve breakfast until 11am. They have a selection of to go pastries and drinks as well. Plenty of vegetarian options, you could probably make some of their dishes vegan. 
Clean restrooms, not gender neutral.I dropped by the Whole Food Store at N. Broad & Bienville for some provisions and decided to have lunch at the Liberty Kitchen adjacent to the store.  The restaurant features a modernistic decor with lots of natural lighting.  There is a New Orleans flare to the identification of your table as you await your food order.  Instead of using numbers, placards are used with the names of various New Orleans neighborhoods.  For example, the neighborhood name printed on the placard for my table was "Lower Ninth Ward" and a nearby table was identified as "Broadmoor."  The staff are all disciples of the restaurant mogul, Emeril Lagasse.  The menu is limited to primarily Salads, Sandwiches, Red Beans & Rice, Chicken & Andouille Gumbo and a Quiche Du Jour.
I opted for the Cajun Cobb Salad which consisted of Chopped Romaine with Pan Seared Shrimp, Sliced Smoked Sausage, Crumbled Bleu Cheese, Fresh Guacamole, Sliced Cucumber, Pickled Red Onion and a Sliced Hard Boiled Egg with Bleu Cheese Dressing.  The salad dressing that was provided with the salad seemed more like a Ranch Dressing and I would have much more preferred some other type of dressing.  However, the salad was really tasty and invigorating.  All that to say that I shall return and I'll certainly explore more of their menu options.Not a real coffee shop - it's attached to a Whole Foods. Still, free wifi, friendly staff, good pastries.Found this place thanks to Yelp..so happy we did!!
It's a small open Cafe adjacent to Whole Foods..found out they are non-profit and teaching teens/young adults about cooking/food prep and the "restaurant" business..I LOVE that!! I totally support what they are doing for the community. 
We were greeted right away and counter staff was so helpful. I'm not really a breakfast/egg person so wish they would've made lunch items earlier, I really wanted to try the Cajun Shrimp salad..next time!!
Now on to the food..absolutely fabulous!! 
We both had the Turkey/Egg/Avocado on croissant, (home made croissants made on site!!) it was Fantastic..they don't scrimp on any ingredients..plenty of turkey and the eggs were really fluffy. I just wish the croissant was a little larger as I had more inside "stuff" and not enough bread to cover. 
My side was the potatoes..my gosh they add cheese and bacon and it was SO good..crisp on the outside and soft inside..I think I loved this more than the sandwich 
Kudos to this company and its staff..these kids/young adults are getting a great experience/education they can carry thru life...I hope this continues..I'll support them and any other places like this!!I tried this place via a catering event and, let's just say, the few foods we had were delicious! 
Their baked macaroni and cheese was great! It had that baked, browned top that many people love. The interior was super cheesy and nicely cooked!
Their jambalaya was also delicious: flavorful, full of meat, and nicely cooked. The rice was not gummy or hard--just right. 
Ohhhh...but the bread pudding was absolutely divine. I'll be honest...it did not LOOK "good" and I mistakenly thought it was smothered chicken. But...!!! The taste was awesome. Their bread pudding tastes like a cross between a cinnamon roll and typical bread pudding. The sauce was light and sweet with no heavy Rum flavor at all. 
I am really excited to try this place in the future to see what their other food items taste like!This was our favorite place for breakfast while in NOLA.  High quality delicious food at a great price.  They also serve Starbucks coffee.Love the food and the cause! They make the best black bean burger I've had. And they have seasonal specials which is always nice to try something new.A simple work lunch turned into one of the most care-free dining experiences I've had in New Orleans. Our host, server and all-around Star Gioia embodies everything you'd want in a dining experience.
I ordered the shrimp and grits which was sensational! It came with a perfect side salad that was tossed in a seasonal vinaigrette. 
If you're in the Lafitte Greenway corridor or near Whole Foods on Broad please stop in and enjoy a wonderful meal. Gioia and Da'Mon are truly masters of their craft. Not only was the service great;  they handled coffee orders and dessert also.
We will definitely be returning soon!HEADS UP: THIS IS A SCHOOL (WITH A CAFÉ)
The energy here bubbles forth from every side of you. It's pretty standard for 20-ish entrepreneurs on laptops to hold court bouncing from table to table, or high schoolies to hang out here after class. So don't expect the service to be the most attentive. You can easily wait 5 minutes while a barista updates her Snapchat story. 
But the quality food is an excellent value at the low price point.Black bean burger is tasty and huge. Lots of cumin. A soft texture but it holds together. The bun is really good and it's dressed with avocado. I got the beet salad which I enjoyed but I wish the menu had listed it had blue cheese in the salad. The server offered to get another one but it was fine bc my companion loves blue cheese so I just picked around it and shared. His potato salad was good too. Service was great.Good healthy food, value for money. On the day we went for lunch, the employee was very friendly but a little distracted. Would go back for a quick bite.Before you hit up the salad bar at Whole Foods, you should head over to Liberty's Kitchen for their signature Liberty's Salad of mixed field greens, house roasted chicken, Granny Smith apples, crumbled bleu cheese, sweet pecans and green onion tarragon vinaigrette. 
Liberty's Kitchen has a Youth Development Program for New Orleans young adults ranging in age from 16-24. The cashier was in training but did a great job ringing me up with the help of another employee. Everyone on staff has always been so incredibly sweet, and the food comes out fairly quickly! 
I've dined in and had the salad to-go, and it was on point both times. I'm like a voracious rabbit going to town on this deliciousness. All the ingredients and textures mesh incredibly well from the fresh crunch of the apples and pecans to the not-too-heavy bleu cheese and perfectly cooked chicken. Their dressing...so good. If they bottle it, I'd buy it! 
For to-go orders they don't skimp on the size of dressing they give you but to be honest you don't need all of it, so save it to dip some bread in later! I haven't tried anything else on the menu yet, but I'll get around to it! 
You can either dine inside, or outside. The rosemary planters outside could use a little love, but still nice to sit outside on a pretty day!Excellent choice for lunch.  I stopped in for a quick bite and ended up with the Shrimp and Grits special because, well, BACON.  
Not light, no sir, not light at all, what with the bacon and dark sauce and what I surmise was butter all up in there.  The shrimp and grits was served with a green salad  precisely and perfectly finished with a tart house dressing.  Thanks to Yelp!, I ended up with a banana nut muffin that made a fine breakfast the next day.
Service was prompt and friendly, and juvenile in a good way--the people working at this restaurant are all young folks who are learning by doing.  And they do quite well in the same way you can go to NOCCA to watch jazz or theatre or recitals and end up with performances you would have paid much more to see from professionals.  But I digress: if you are in mid-City or shopping at the Whole Foods around lunchtime, I recommend Liberty's Kitchen highly.Went here for a special event and the food was amazing! On ordinary days the food is equally delicious.  The employees are attentive and courteous.I have loved Liberty's Kitchen since they opened their old location at Broad and Tulane.  Their white beans are delicious and the shrimp and grits rival some of the best lunch spots in town.  
It's a mission driven spot, giving "at-risk" kids an opportunity to learn skills and have a job.  I certainly appreciate giving them my business for this reason alone!  
Since they've moved to Whole Foods, they've really exploded. The restaurant is really beautiful and their menu has expanded to include more sandwiches and breakfast items.  They also serve Starbucks, which is a nice perk as there aren't any other coffee shops in that area of town.  
It's a nice spot to meet for lunch and they offer a private room for lunch meetings.  I love that instead of getting a number for your order, you get a New Orleans neighborhood sign.