Honestly, ignore everything I said before. I don't care that they didn't answer the phone the first few times I called or that they had potty mouths...I ordered one Original and one Wiz last night and ate BOTH by myself...and I just opened my eyes at 11:30 today and just ordered delivery AGAIN. Liberty is my new happy place!Probably the best cheese steak you can get in Nola. I'm from the east coast, so I have extremely high cheese steak standardsI moved down here from just outside of Philly almost a year ago and I've been looking forward to something like this! The guys here know what they are doing. The soft rolls, wiz, the onions, don't even get me started on that pepper spread of theirs. They were incredibly courteous too! Offering us to try the different sauces on the side with our fries and making sure that we had everything we wanted before we dug in.
I have only one complaint, I can't take my vegetarian friends here, but I don't think there's a good way to fix that without ending up with a vegetarian option that no one wants to eat. 
Now if only I could follow up my delicious cheese steak with some water ice!To be fair, this is a review from drunk me. But drunk me really really really loves their cheesteaks. Burning hot, surprisingly spicy, fucking delicious cheesesteak and a delicious side of fries - very very very satisfyingReally, really liked this place when it opened. Fresh Amoroso rolls, pretty good chicken steaks. I noticed that as they got a little more popular quality started slipping. Had a couple good workers when they opened. Not sure where those people went but after having my order screwed up 3 times I stopped going. A friend made a request for lunch while in the hospital and I decided to give them one more try. WRONG MOVE. These sandwiches are noticeably smaller than we previously were given. I opened it up and it was pathetic. Guess things are not going well and they had to cut back. A word of advice. Consistent service is the number one way to repeat business. At one point I was getting lunch from here once a week for my wife and I. Have not been back since. I make my Own at home now. At least I know it will be right and I will be full after the meal. A shame because they were good in the beginning.The food was not horrible but really indifferent. The cheese sauce on the fries was very unattractive and plastic flavored. The cheesesteak was fine but not very flavorful. Won't be returning especially with so many great restaurants within blocks of there.I spent 4 years in Philly and now live in NoLa. This place would hold its own in Philly and anywhere else. It's definitely authentic. Plus I really like the local peppers they use. You can't go wrong with a classic wiz with. My only complaint is the fries. I feel like they could be a bit better. But the siracha mayo is amazing. Anyway definitely a place I'll recommend to anyone.My gourmet review (lol): meat and cheese ratio is awesome but I'm wondering if today the chef overdid the salt on the meat and then mixed with the very processed wiz cheese it was extremely salty. I also found the boil fries extremely salty. Don't usually need so much soda with my food but dang! The bread was pretty good. I ordered ubereats so don't have much to say about the service.Hmmm....what is there for the non-meater? Surprisingly a choice of grilled cheese sandwiches, including one made with cheese wiz.  But what gives this joint the 4th star? The boil fries!  They were OMG delicious and spicy!
Plus the staff was working their tails off to make sure everyone was happy and fed. Good job!Great cheese steak!   Get the Wiz wit or the original I tried both. Definitely coming back.Being from outside of philly I can honestly say this is the only place out of state that can properly do a cheesesteak. Due largely in part to the imported amoroso rolls, these sandwiches are the s***. Also, good fries with whiz and always a friendly staffGreat staff friendly and helpful to out of towners.  Easy ordering on their iPad if you don't want to wait in line.  Simple menu and great food; come support this great local business!!Really good, and fast service! Go and give it a try. For my Keto babes you can go breadless!Yummy cheesesteaks! Gooey cheese and a good quality of steak! 
Fries are just ok!
I'll go again!In what used to be the Dat Dog doorway, Libery Cheesesteaks has taken up residence. They didn't do much to the inside of the old Dat Dog; in reality, I don't think they did anything. The food is fresh, I'll give them that. It's by no means bad, or distasteful. Just ok. I'm not the biggest fan of cheesesteaks, but the food is ok. The fries are good, the garlic sauce is really good. 
Closed on Tuesdays (annoying) and not much seating (also annoying). The most recent time we went, only two of the drink taps worked and not very well. Drinks didn't taste right.
Although they do humor my strange tastes and put a tomato on my steak fries for me.3 stars... But I would really give it 3.5. 4 stars is reaching. Let me first start by saying that I would go back. I didn't have an amazing experience but overall it was ok. Firstly, when my husband and I walked in we went straight to the counter to check out the menu and put in our order. No one was in front of us or behind us and we weren't greeted. After about a minute of just standing there while the girl behind the counter continues to talk to the cook, I finally ask "Umm...is this where I order or nah?" She finally acknowledged us and said "yea what would you like?" I got the original with provolone and my husband got the pizza steak hoagie. We both got habanero peppers added and fries as well. Orders up! I took a bite and it was pretty good. I have had better. I think they were a little skimpy on the cheese. The steak was tender and juicy and the peppers. YES! So good! I also didn't notice that your first order is 10% off so for all you newbies thinking of trying this place make sure you let them know because they won't ask. Oh and if you love garlic, get the Alisha sauce! Pretty darn tasty but potent so don't go making out with your boyfriend/girlfriend after. May not be a good experience.
So like I said, I would go back. But I would also hope for more cheese and a little better customer service.It came to my attention recently my first review came off as a little harsh considering I do treat myself to this lovely non-regional offering as often as I can, but I still say them prices gots t'come down.  Hey, even Zara's nearby recently added a 10 poboy punchcard, and for budget-minded lunchtime shenanigans that's a good thing.
Over the course of months now I've thoroughly enjoyed Liberty.  The bread, the meat, the cheese, and the service are consistent and exactly an experience worth repeating.  I'll just need to save my sea shells more often or cross my fingers on the punchcard front before I may call myself a regular or give a high five 5 star rating.Where to start! First of all, the iPads at the entrance offer a guilt free way to get the cheesiest sandwich in town (because l clicked extra extra cheese....) Service was prompt and the rose on draft was icy cold. I got the buffalo chick steak with extra extra cheese add onions with Alisha sauce mixed in. My goodness was i content afterwards! The big windows offer a beautiful view of Freret Street. Plus I was in great A/C while the suckers across the street were probably sweating to death while throttling a mediocre hot dog. Great experience. Next I will come back for a football game!I am not from Philly, nor have I ever been to Philly. So what? This place is on point. I have no idea what a traditional Philly Cheesesteak should be like, nor do I care at this point. This is some good stuff. Maybe once I go to Philly I will change my mind, maybe I wont.
My only complaint is the space is small. They are in the old Dat Dog hideaway, which is small, by small, I mean tiny. However, if you can get past that you will enjoy the food.The wiz with onions was deeeeelicious. I split this hoagie with my brother on a cold rainy day and it was so wonderful. Think of your favorite cheeseburger. Then think of that, sliced in thin pieces, covered in more cheese. Then mix that with savory and sweet Carmelized onion chunks. And toss it on a large fluffy hoagie. Happiness.  And it didn't hurt that the guys serving were super cute.Loved the steak sandwich and wife and kids loved the chicken philly.  Staff was friendly and will definitely go back.They fresh cut the meat daily and it is never frozen. The fries are hand cut and also never frozen. The steak fries combine these two delicacies to make the greatest comfort food / hangover beater. Mike the owner is from Philly and brings some authentic flare to the place. The steak is like crack - if you go once you will be back.Food is good. Not great. The Cheesesteak was dry, a serious violation of a sandwich in my opinion. Also I looked for mustard and they didn't have any, not good. If the cheeses had more juice it would have been phenomenal.Definitely one of the best cheesesteaks in New Orleans. They just implemented iPad ordering and so they gave us a free fountain drink. That was cool. 
My brother and I both ordered the steak hoagie. I got mine with provolone, cherry peppers, and cheese wiz. And I also ordered a side of wiz fries. Cheese fries are my guilty pleasure. My brother got the garlic mayo on his hoagie and he said it really made his cheesesteak that much better. I'm not a big fan of mayo, but I think I'll have to try it next time I come. 
Their menu is so simple and you really cannot go wrong with anything you order here.
There is currently construction going on next door. I chose to sit outside so there was dirt and whatnot flying around. Not Liberty Cheesesteaks fault, but just a fair warning!My first visit to Liberty was nothing short of pure satisfaction.  I ordered an original with provolone, onions and JJ sauce. I also had fries with wiz.  The cheese steak came out bigger and with much more meat than I was expecting. I was also a bit hesitant about getting the wiz on the sandwich as I am not used to wiz on anything but nachos.  I need to tell you that the wiz was awesome on the fries! 
I will be back in the next few days to try another sandwich, this time with the WIZ!I'm from Philadelphia (glad that's finally paying off for me) and I was pleasantly surprised. Perfect steaks. They don't screw it up by trying to fancy it up. Done right.
Edit: The chicken thing is tasty as hell, tooThis place is the real deal! Great, authentic Philly cheesesteak. I had the Wit Wiz and it was awesome- super fresh, amazing bread and loved the Wiz despite my trepidation. Also had the boil fries which were phenomenal. The space is small but completely efficient and friendly. For those in NOLA from Philly, you'll be totaly impressed with how authentic this place is.So I guess I've been sleeping on the new Location. It very nice lots of tvs and there is a little bar now. Love the cheesesteaks always super hot and fresh and the wait wasn't long. You can even order from he mini IPads which is pretty cool. I love the new location but would prefer a SAINTS flag up on the wall. HaaaAs a Philly transplant I can attest to the legitimacy of Liberty Cheesesteak!  I'm more of a chicken cheesesteak girl myself and Mike and the crew at Liberty make them perfectly!!  The fact that they have Amoroso rolls should be an indication to everyone that these are the real deal!  AND they have Wiz!!!  When I'm home sick and/or craving fries I come here and get extra wiz, it's like a taste of home!!  I'm excited they now are making hoagies, I have yet to try but it's high on my list!Unbelievable cheesesteaks. Comparable to any staple Philly joint like Geno's or Pat's. It is my go to after a long night out. My favorite is the classic w wit!Holy moly cheese steak with cheese whiz. Can't find this in Michigan! We ordered by ubereats for the first time. The sandwich was perfect. Meat was cooked perfectly and the bun was like what you would get in philly. Little heavy on the cheese whiz but honestly i was happy. Our neighbors ask me to stop moaning ( was eating on the porch). W also got the regular with provolone and peppers and that was just as good. 
May not be a New Orleans dish but it is worth it!Ok so i got excited when I found out they deliver now. Ordered a few times recently found out that on top of having a $20 minimum for delivery which is ok they are sneaking in a $2.50 delivery fee. Pick one or the other guys don't be greedy. I won't be ordering delivery anymore until they fix this. Foods good though definitely stop in and check them out just don't be fooled and get it delivered.Went back again and oh my goodness......I got all of my life. The Wiz with the garlic sauce was like pure heaven. The fresh bread with the melted cheese and garlic sauce. And the perfect ratio of steak to bread......can you say yummy? We all did:) Lunch time is amazing but late night is a treat.Came here for Cheese Friday with my coworker! 
I had never had a Philly Cheesesteak but wanted to try out this place because, well, it looked delicious. 
Two complaints: the wait for these glorious cheesetakes is quite long, when you order cheese fries, it really isn't cheese fries but with sauce on the side. Also, the boil fries were either not done in crab boil or they just gave us plain fries.
I would come back here again to try some more delicious goodies! But I might just order ahead, get to go, and sit somewhere else.Amazing food and such a great addition to the Freret St. corridor. The new space is much more conducive and I can't wait to get in there for football season.Sorry St. Joes prep owner,  this OHara girl thinks the onions could be smaller sized. Reduce them down a bit more too so the sandwich isnt so wet and might be a bit better. You were the highlight of the visit ;)A seriously tasty cheesesteak. The crab boil fries left something to be desired (they were very salty) but overall a pleasant experience and it's nice to be able to get a cheesesteak with wiz!Really not a good cheesesteak. The quality has plummeted over the past year. My main issue is that they no longer use the ambrosia rolls. The hoagie bread they switched to is cheaper and tastes bad. The employees are terrible. They are inexperienced or just bad cooks make a mess when wrapping it for to go orders. The cheese is also mixed in with the meat, which is the incorrect way. The correct way is to serve the wiz or provolone on top. The bread is mushed instead of rolled. The service isn't very good and they always mess up orders. They only have cherry pickled peppers. At least offer some grilled bell peppers as an option. The only reason liberty is in business is because there is no competitor. Also, they charge an arm and a leg. Save your money and cook a cheesesteak at home; it will taste better.People extremely rude, both Chrim he calls himself ( the manager )  and the blond lady in the picture extremely rude, they said that didn't care about my concerns because they were too busy, ... well ( manager ) let me tell you, whoever hired you as a manager needs to know that you suck, since you got into the store you were throwing things hard and hitting the computer next to the register really hard almost braking it, so if the owner has cameras in the store take a look st them, about 450 pm on Sunday November 13... and yes I made sure I canceled my transaction.Me and my cousin went here the other day on his suggestion. Man was this place good. I got the spicy chicken sandwich with onions provolone and a creamy garlic mayo. The sandwich was full of flavor and I couldn't really ask for anything better. Would definitely suggest going there if you are in town.I've never been to Philly but this is what I always imagined authentic cheesesteaks to taste like. Loved the Wiz Wit. Recommend boil fries with garlic sauce!!I have never had an original cheesesteak in Philly but all my friends from the northeast say these cheesesteaks are the best they have had. My personal favorite are the steak fries "boil style." They smother their fresh French fries with the delicious steak and your choice of cheese. The Whiz is the absolute best. Also, try a mixture of JJ and Alisha sauce. The owner told me to try their newest offering - bread pudding made with the authentic Philly bread. It was honestly the best dessert I have ever had. I highly recommend.I hate cheesesteaks... But I will eat at Liberty ANY day. Try any of their fresh peppers and the boil fries. Everyone that works there is so helpful, too!Ok so since moving here 6 months ago I've developed an ever-growing frustration regarding the lack of good Cheese-steak sandwiches here. I'm my searches I'd read several reviews about how good Liberty Cheesesteaks on Freret were. So I had to give them a shot, right?
I finally got the chance to take the wife and kids here since we were in the area visiting family. The first thing that jolted me was the lack of seating and space. We walked into what is basically a 300 square foot kitchen with a couple high tables and bar stools...obviously not the best accomodations for 2 young adults with their 4 and 2 year old. There was seating outside, but its 61 degrees outside. Nontheless we set our camp up outside and decided to make the best of it.
The food is ready! I orded an "Original" which is just steak, cheese, and onion. My wife and kids are having the "Chick Steak", which is the same exact thing with chicken breast. To my delight, its good. In fact, the best attempt at a Philly Cheesesteak that I've had hear bye far. The "Boil Fries" are great too. They're perfect actually.
While the sandwiches were good, I can't say they were completely what I was looking for. Upon arrival, I told them how dissapointed I was in other places because of how they chopped the meat. I don't care for minced meat and would certainly appreciate not eating a minced steak sandwich. They completely understood my plight, but still chopped the steak entirely too much for my taste. I prefer slides of steak....ya know, like a steak sandwich should be. The onions were nice and sauteed, but I'd prefer the option of onions along with bell peppers. There are no bell peppers here. 
Last thing...and I post this reluctantly because my wife says I'm tripping, but I'd love the option to eat my Philly with a side of Ranch. The Srirachi Mayo and Garlic Mayo they offer are great for spreading on your sandwhich, but I like to dip mine in Ranch...that probably is just a "me" thing.
Anyway, I would recommend this place to others...including you!Had the steak fries and they were delicious. What a nice addition to Freret's restaurant-bar corridor.To me this is one of the best cheesesteaks in the city. I  really like the wiz with onions and boil fries. You get done eating the sandwich and end up sopping up the cheesy greatness that dripped from bread with the fries. Inside seating is pretty scarce and there is no restroom in restaurant,  but the staff is cool and I have never had a bad experience, day or night. The only issue to me is parking in the area which is hit or miss big time but that does nothing to detract from the bad ass cheesesteaks. If you are unsure, don't be. These cheesesteaks are as authentic as they come.I can't be a true critic because I've only eaten one legitimate Philly cheesesteak in my life, but I will say the food here is great! It's very laid back, and feels like a clean, "hole in the wall" restaurant. It's got limited seating, but everything is prepared for you to dine-in our carryout. 
I ordered the Pizza Steak, which is basically a cheesesteak with mozzarella and marinara sauce. I'm not sure what seasonings are in the sauce, but it has a very unique flavor that I've never had in a marinara sauce. Nonetheless, it's still a hearty marinara that pairs well with the meat, cheese, and bread. I love the bread they use! It's not dry and crispy like a majority of the French bread around New Orleans. 
Unfortunately, they were out of fries, so I didn't get a chance to get them. I will make a second trip for sure. Also, pictures don't do the food justice, so I won't post one. 
Lastly, they accept debit cards, and there isn't a minimum purchase. To some, this may not be a big deal, but it's a pet peeve of mine going to cash-only restaurants, or restaurants that have a minimum requirement. Yes, I understand the 3%+ service fee vendors get charged, but it's an inconvenience for people that don't carry cash.I grew up in Philly. I had given up on finding anything close to a real Philadelphia cheesesteak outside of Philly years ago. Having heard good things I tried this place.  At the risk of losing my Philly card these sandwiches are arguably better than most cheesesteaks in philly.  IMHO Liberty is to cheesesteaks what Central Grocery is to Muffulatas.  The only modification I made to get what I'm used to is extra meat.  Well worth the extra few bucks!  Good job fellas!!!!  You make Philly proud.After reading the words "Wit Wiz" in Ronnie's review I knew I had to get to Liberty Cheesesteaks in a hurry. I'm so glad that I got to try them this weekend. My mom is from Philly and I have known the love of a good cheeesesteak from a very young age. Stein's does a pretty good one on Tuesdays, but it's only that one day of the week! What if I want a good wiz cheesesteak on one of the other 6 days?! Well, now I can hop on down to Freret and do just that. I ordered a Wit Wiz with JJ's sauce (sriracha mayo) and an order of wiz fries. OK, I went a little overboard on the processed cheese thing, but it was really good there for the first couple of bites. I loved the sauces available (on or on the side), the steak was really done well with a good amount of wiz cooked right in, and the bread was the right kind of hoagie roll (substantial with a bit of chewiness). I would definitely go back and pick up the same sandwich again. I would probably hold off on the fries, or at least get them without the cheese wiz dumped on top. What would make an awesome meal would be a cheesesteak, some Dat Dog fries, and a beer.  Freret St. picnic!Food is okay, but the service is HORRID. Won't go here again just to avoid the INCREDIBLY RUDE staff.Solid Place, coming from someone who lived in Philly for four years. Oh and it takes credit card. Huzzah. 
To be honest, cheesesteak isn't my favorite food, it probably doesn't even crack my top 10, but, this place does them right. First of all, cheesesteak isn't supposed to be fancy, nor does it actually use steak quality meat. It is meant to be the working, blue collared man (or woman)'s food. The stuff that you dig into when you're hungry and when you want to sink into the blissful oblivion of food induced coma. It's warm and juicy and reminds you of home. 
Anyways, I digress. When you come here, first order cheesesteak the way it is meant to be eaten - with fried onions and cheese whiz. You might be turned off by the idea of processed cheese spread on your food but there is likely more "cheese" in cheese whiz than like...american cheese. Also, if you are that concerned with processed food, just go to the juice bar next door or something. 
Yes there are sauces on the menu, including this strange mayo and Sriracha  medley....use that on the fires and not on your sandwich. The fries are also amazing. Thinly sliced, crispy, and not overly oily. In terms of condiments ontop of your steak, this place offers a chopped up cherry pepper?? topping that is really decent and nicely compliments the steak. You can also use ketchup, but according to the owner, only if you're from Jersey. 
Once you have had the classic, the you should branch out and try the chicken cheesesteak, which I actually prefer generally to beef. 
Overall, will definitely be back. It's filling and delicious. The owner is super friendly. Oh they make a house bread pudding with the left over ends of the sandwich bread. Amazing.Glad to see the upgrades they have made (like a while building) lol. But, the cheesesteaks are awesome. The ambience is great. I will return to liberty. It rings. Lol.This place is so good I have to update an already great review. The best philly outside Philly bar none. TIP- get the fries animal style with the Sriracha Mayo, Cheese Wiz and Grilled Onions. You will thank me.I was internally debating whether I should leave a comment, but I just had to considering my experience. I ordered two original cheesesteaks and two wiz fries...my total was $31...Okay a little pricier than I expected but that's fine it'll be worth it, right? WRONG! I don't know what the previous reviewers are talking about.. .the staff is awesome but the food is nasty. The wiz sauce is so salty, use nacho cheese instead aye! The garlic mayo stuff...yuck...mix these on ur sandwich, even grosser! I was mad the entire time I ate my meal. On top of that the meat was not seasoned. And I was surprised my sub didn't have bell peppers on it. I should have gone to Philly Cafe on claiborne....phenominal. I tried this place for the first time recently and I have to say it was the best cheesesteak ive had in years. Instantly brought me back to my childhood. 
perfect cheese to meat ratio, great bread, everything tasted great. I plan on coming back as soon as I can.By no means am I cheese steak expert, but I really enjoyed the product they're cranking out here.  From what little I recall of being in Philly and enjoying said cheese steaks, these seem like the real deal.  But permit to kvetch on the price?  $12.50 for a single sandwich and fries sans drink (and I did tip $1 ergo $13.50) is steep, I don't care who you are.  I am told from other Philly sources that the cost of a similar experience in Philly proper doesn't break $10.  
So, will Liberty need to bring their prices down?  Maybe.  Then again, they've been open just a few weeks.  BUT! it seems to me in this town you can still get a nearby po-boy for dollars less.  Even Domino's across the street runs internet and daily specials so their consumer base can eat on the cheap given proper timing.  Am I talking quality of product here though?  No, just for the budget minded consumer, that's all.  Liberty may be a regular treat for some, but I'm curious if it'll sustain regulars.  I'm inclined to believe it's likely.
All in all, this adds another piece to the Freret cuisine maze we've found ourselves pleasantly entrapped in over recent years.  As a neighbor and nearby business owner I've come to develop a term for the weekend park and walk to Dat Dog or Company Burger and now Liberty and that is "meat trance."  There's an air of determination, often male based, often in 2 or more bodies, steadfastly walking unimpeded in the direction of freshly prepared meats akin to hypnosis.
Meat trance, people, meat trance.Best. Grilled. Cheese. Ever.
I'm actually not a huge cheesesteak guy but was hurting for some comfort food and hit the jackpot with the phenomenal grilled cheese. It's a classic, elevated to its highest form. Wash it down with some steak fries, then set aside some time for a nap. Well done Liberty, well done. 
PS- the sauce you want is the JJs sauce.I finally made it to Liberty Cheesesteaks, after I passed by the place a thousand times and waaaay after I wrote about them in a newsletter a while back, and I'm really glad I did. I think what kept me from going was I always think of cheesesteaks as being too rich. But I stopped in today for lunch and it was great!
I got the Original with American cheese and JJ's sauce. I got the shorty because I knew that was gonna be enough for me, but my inner fat kid still wishes that I would have got the full. Next time I go, I'll make sure I don't have to do anything after I eat, and I'll get the full. ;)
I'm curious about the other items on the menu, but I really enjoyed the original, so we'll see what I get next time. Definitely getting some fries too.Great, hole in the wall cheesesteak joint! Food was fresh and delicious! My only complaint is how difficult it was to find parking on the street, but I can't blame that on the business.Great cheesesteak! Liberty Cheesesteak is a tiny hole in the wall joint with big flavor.The wiz cheesesteak was amazing with onions and sweet peppers. The staff was very cool.All food is made right in front of you for a authentic cheeseateak experience. I will definitely eat here again.Having lived in Philly for a few years, there's not much I miss about it . . . except for the cheesesteak!  And now we finally have an authentic cheesesteak place in NOLA.  These guys do it right, and you can tell they put a lot of effort into giving you an authentic experience.  They're not stingy with the meat, either---it's a serious sandwich.  It comes on a real loaf of Italian bread, too.  Nothing against poboys, but sometimes French bread just doesn't do the job. Also, check out the steak fries.  They're delicious.If you want a REAL cheesesteak, this is your place. I went to college in philly...this is the real deal.  I like the the "pizza steak wit" (whiz of course)! Enjoy!!Unlike most people who review this place, I am born and raised right outside of Philadelphia. I spent 10 years during high school and college working as a cheesesteak cook in the greater Philadelphia area. It is safe to say that I know a good cheesesteak when I taste one. THIS PLACE HAS GREAT CHEESESTEAKS!Excellent cheesesteak.  They even accommodated serving me a few minutes before actually opening for the day with a friendly attitude.Had a great experience visiting Liberty for the first time.  Tried the Wiz with onions and boil fries.  Both were great.  My biggest gripe with cheesesteaks generally is that they're overcooked, but here it was prepared perfectly.  I just wish this place had been around when I went to Tulane.  Looking forward to a repeat visit when I'm back in New Orleans this fall.Q: What's better than a legit Philly cheesesteak? 
A: Eating a legit Philly cheesesteak in New Orleans, because it means you don't have to spend any time in Philadelphia. 
(Not that I have a problem with Philadelphia per se, it's just that I find in Philadelphia, the odds of running into Philadelphia Eagles' fans are much higher than I'd like.)
Not only does Liberty Cheesesteaks serve up delicious cheesesteaks of all kinds (I was surprised to find that I loved the buffalo chicken cheesesteak the most of all) and addictive crab boil fries, but they will even deliver all these things (and gooey brownies) to your door as you play beer pong in a futile attempt to relive your college glory days. 
It's just an added bonus that the man behind this fine establishment (I believe his name is Michael C) is just so very, very handsome.This place gets two stars because of the workers. I ordered the wiz philly cheesesteak. It was very good. This place would get 4 stars but the cook and the checkout guy handled my sandwich with no gloves. Thats an absolute no-no for me. Especially when u are a man. (Im a man.) Dont put your dirty, boogery, feces-laden, ballzy, waxy, pissy, spitty hands on my sandwich.Two Philly natives and two Cincinnati natives went to LCS for lunch and all had the same opinion: so good we could not stop eating.  We sampled the traditional and chicken cheesesteaks which were wonderful; the meat was high quality, the wiz sublime and the rolls were perfectly soft, just the way God intended. . When we were nearly full we decided to order the cheesesteak fries. Do not leave without having those fries- they are orgasmic.
It is a cool place and the staff was friendly and upbeat. We met the owner who explained all of the intricacies of the cheesesteak business to us. It was interesting and made the experience even more fun.Used to be good. Now all you get is bread and fillers, hardly any meat-especially if you take out. Considering the prices, it just is not worth it. I'm done with this place.Really rude staff, the woman taking orders was barking at me at yelled that I came too soon (15 minutes) after placing the order online during a non busy time.  Food is overpriced and underserved (not a large portion if you get the wrong staff). I live here so I am very familiar with all the food around I will avoid it at all costs and recommend you all do the same. Dat dog across the street is better food for a lower price and everything further down freret is better than these cheesesteaks. Also the fries are garbageWent for the first time today.  Had an 'original" with provolone and onions.  Bread was good, meat needs some sort of seasoning.  Plenty of onions that were grilled nicely.  Overall good but a bit steep at over 9 bucks with tax.  My only problem was the sandwich was very, very dry and I smothered it with mayo when I got home.  They do have sauces; it might be a good idea for the fellow taking the orders to suggest some sort of sauce on them.  Overall yet another excellent addition to wonderful Feret Street.Cheese, meat, and bread always makes me a happy gal! This place definitely rose to the occasion. Chked this place out with some folks from work for lunch. Cute, small spot but not small enough to skimp on the bar with draft beer. I opted for a small cheesesteak...just in case it was whack...it WAS NOT! I added a garlic mayo on top...fangoddamntastic. crab boil fries were pretty tasty too. Prices are reasonable, friendly staff, and they even have kiosks to order on your own and pay if u dont wanna wait in line. Worth a return trip fo sho!This is one of my favorite places to frequent for lunch. It's that type of lunch when you didn't eat breakfast and you just starving and want something filling! This is the place for that at a reasonable price. Their cheese steak sandwiches are fresh and made to order along with some tasty fries. 
If I order in advance or walk in it is always prepared in a reasonable amount of time. Never had much wait.
I really love this location. It's very small so it is definitely not designed for you to sit down with friends and enjoy.
Parking: Street parking, depending on the time of day can be a little frustrating to find parking because this specific strip is very popular and not far from Dat Dog.I'm from the east coast and have had my share of authentic Philly cheesesteaks... And this joint delivers completely. Staff is fun, boiled fries are delicious, and can't go wrong with the traditional. For a city consumed with po'boys, liberty cheesesteaks is a welcomed addition. Must try the JJ's sauce.Steak Me Home Tonight! Philly has invaded Nola and my taste buds want to thank them.  I have never been to Philly so I really have nothing to compare it to, but I do know sandwiches and I know what tastes good. I tried both the Original and The Whiz. The Original is exactly what you think a Philly cheese steak sandwich would look like. Chopped up steak, grilled onions and choice of white American or provolone cheese all wrapped up on a soft hoagie roll. The Whiz is the same as the original, but with their very own cheese whiz sauce.   I've never had "whiz" on a sandwich before, but when in Philly...
This sandwich is comfort food 101. The soft pillowy hoagie roll with gooey cheesy and meaty goodness is hard to deny.  The only difference I found between the original and the whiz was that the original was creamier and the whiz had a more cheesy bite to it. But really, they were both very similar. 
They also had a chicken option for non-red meat eaters and a grilled cheese for kids or vegetarians, however, options are limited so picky eaters be warned. 
They also have fries as a side option, you can get them plain, cheese, crab boil, and if you haven't had enough steak to fill your belly you can get steak fries! We got an order of the boil fries which were seasoned with you guessed it, crab boil. These were great and had enough flavor to not really need any ketchup. 
Liberty has a very casual atmosphere, a small space with limited seating. Inside offered two 4 tops with bar stools and outside had a few more tables. Most of their customers were getting their orders to go.  You order and pay at the counter and wait for your name to be called. The only downside to eating inside in the summer was that it was very hot! More than half of the space is dedicated to the kitchen for the grill tops and fryers. That combined with outside temps of over 90 degrees made for a very uncomfortably warm environment.  Next time I would make plans to eat it elsewhere or wait until it's not so blasted hot outside.  It definitely feels more like a winter food anyway.It's a good cheesesteak for New Orleans and adds another food element to Freret St and it's booming food scene.I'm from the Philly area and I know my cheesesteaks and subs (hoagies). I have been twice to Liberty. Both times I went with a guest from Philly. The first time we both had a Philly cheesesteak. Service was great, people polite and enthusiastic and the cheesesteak got an A+ from both of us.  The second time we ordered the Italian sub.  Unfortunately, the folks at Liberty have decided to add a heavy garlic sauce called a nora sauce on a sandwich that should have been nothing more than oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper and it ruined the sandwich for both of us.  We were totally disappointed that the sandwich was not the traditional flavor we were hoping for. Not only was it no longer the traditional Philly Italian Sub, but the nora garlic sauce totally took over the sandwich making the flavor of the quality meat and cheese all but disappear to the garlic sauce. I had that garlic sauce taste in my mouth the rest of the night.  So, if you are looking for a great Philly Cheesesteak, Liberty is a good spot for it.  But if you want a classic Italian "Hoagie," like they make it in Philly, Liberty went a bridge too far from the classic Italian sub.  I'd recommend a no on the Italian sub.  Sometimes the simple classic way is the best way.I've eaten cheesesteaks across Philly and without a doubt Liberty Cheesesteaks is the most authentic I've had elsewhere.  It's a tiny little place with seating outside and just two high 4-tops inside (which can be pulled apart to make four 2-tops) but most places in Philly are tiny too so it kind of fits.  The traditional cheesesteak is of course the Wiz Wit and they do it pretty darn well at Liberty.  My wife also liked her cheesesteak with provolone and we'll probably try the chicken at some point but I presume it will also be good.  The crab boil fries are fairly reminiscent of the East Coast and quite good.  Sodas are expensive but food portions are large and price is definitely within the expected range for a good cheesesteak in Philly - just get a "small" unless you're quite hungry.  If you're in the mood for a true cheesesteak, this is one of the best outside Philly.  Nice job.Food was good ! Employees was nice . Laid back and chill . My Hubby , Son , and I had a great time . It was very quite . Just a few people . Overall , we were pleased !First time at Liberty Cheesesteaks with my boyfriend. We ordered the original, buffalo chick steak and boil fries. Love love love, the original cheese steak! It was delicious. Had it with provolone, onions, and jj's sauce. The boyfriend ordered the Buffalo chicken, I tried it and thought it was okay. Fries were crispy. Tasted like your typical Cajun fries. If you're not sure what to eat, I'd recommend trying the original!