From south LA so we have gumbo on a regular basis an this one ranks as one of the best.Service,food,and,atmosphere was excellent.Don't let the fact that it might not be crowded scare you off...go in and enjoy.We had no wait on a Saturday at noon an we were quite pleased with our experience!I ordered from the breakfast menu and the omlette and french toast were yummy!! French toast was made from french bread. My husband had the fried chicken and potatoes which were really good too.  Skip the lines at the other restaurants and come here.  You won't be sorry!We usually stay at the Whitney when we are visiting New Orleans, so you would think this would be a logical breakfast place for us. We've tried this place twice now and won't eat there again. Lovely atmosphere, but excruciatingly slow service--even when the place is empty--and mediocre food.It is a little bit of heaven in the morning.
I love the South.  I don't want to live there but every time I come to visit, I leave happy.  The happy feeling was exemplified at Lil' Dizzy's.  We arrived on a Monday morning around 9ish, as we wanted an early start on our last day in NOLA.
As we approached, we were worried that we were under dressed as the cafe is located inside a hotel.  No need to worry as there were three guys in dirty T's and jeans, drinking beers and eating breakfast.
I ordered a crab-meat omelet, which comes with a biscuit  and grits or hash browns.  A fan of neither, the waitress was kind enough to give me a second biscuit.   The food was delicious and the ambiance of the space -- a former bank with a cool mural of a bank robbery.
It was a great meal in a cool venue.  I will definitely be back!Sunday Brunch.  Pretty decent selection, friendly efficient staff.Best french toast I've ever had.  Wonderful atmosphere with the old bank vault, etc.  Don't expect lots of frills, this is just wonderful New Orleans food at reasonable prices.this is a good place to go b4 games, if for some reason you dont want to tailgate or go to a bar...  
why?? 
$20 brunch buffet, which also includes omelettes and french toast made to order and BOTTOMLESS MIMOSASt! they also have their famous fried chicken on the buffet, if that's your thing (i dont eat chicken...)
anyhoo.  one time i went they ran out of champagne half way through our meal.  sad. BUT the waiter then said..."but we have screwdrivers!"  no one was in the dining hall by that time, so i asked the server if he would just leave the carafe of screwdriver on our table...and he did.  loved him.  i would say this place is a deal! andddd i dont think many ppl think to go here b4 a game, so it's not packed. another plus!Nestled inside an old bank, lovers of architecture will find this place charming, and though it's not perfect for everybody, for what it's worth is was right for us, right down to the portion sizes.
Our host/waiter was prompt and corteous, always re-filling our coffee and water when needed. My French toast was actually made with French baguette and topped with fresh strawberries and sliced bananas. Yum, yum, must try making it like that at home. My husband had the ham and works omelette... But he kept stealing from my French toast (grrrr!)! 
Overall, not bad for what you get.Great atmosphere. It sits in part of the old Whitney bank of Louisiana. The bank still functions and you can watch the action through the golden teller bars. Their French toast is so good.THIS location is open for dinner!!!  Happy, happy, joy, joy!!!  I'm a native New Orleanian, born and raised in Treme where Creole cooking is the best.  Like the Esplanade location, this Lil Dizzy's doesn't disappoint with authentic Creole cuisine.
Like I stated in an earlier review, the Gumbo is like my dad's.  If it's like his, that's some dang good Gumbo.  As a friend of mine used to say, "Treat yourself, don't cheat yourself."  LOL  If you love New Orleans cuisine, you'll love stopping at this location for dinner while you enjoy the downtown area.The front desk person at our hotel recommended this spot to us since we were looking for a nice spot to get some breakfast.  We got there around 9:30am, and the waiter immediately knew we were tourists because "all the locals are at work now".  Indeed, we pretty much had the restaurant to ourselves, there was one other party but they were finishing as we got there.
The food was outstanding!  My wife had the catfish and grits with toast, and I had the shrimp omelette with biscuit.  My omelette was great, full of shrimp and cheese, and the grits were to die for.  You can tell they had been simmering all morning, because they were super creamy.  Also, they were well seasoned, usually I have to add some salt to grits when getting them from a restaurant.  My wife's catfish was excellent, seasoned perfectly and fried to a crisp.
We thoroughly enjoyed our meal here, and will definitely be back the next time we visit NOLA.  I also loved the fact that they didn't have fountain drinks, and brought you a bottle with a glass of ice.  For some reason the fountain Coke in New Orleans is really weak, like they don't use enough carbonation or something.  I guess I'm used to Coke here in Atlanta, the home of Coke, which is much stronger.
Lil Dizzy's is a must visit!Our friends were headed to stand in the lines of Acme and Mothers.  We weren't down with that - it was hair of the dog, time, and we wanted it cheaply with good food.  Without the wait.  
In comes Dizzy's.  Walking distance from our Marriott digs, with a bottomless Mimosa brunch.  Oh yeah.
Fried chicken, catfish, mac 'n' cheese, biscuits, eggs and french toast made to order, grits, Andouille sausage - it was all there.  SO good for a hotel buffet-style breakfast.  
The fact that this location looks like it used to be a bank was just an added bonus.  A little strange to be sitting on marble floors with marble-wrapped columns, and a vault in the rear, but the chairs was super comfy and the service excellent.Restaurant in the Wyndham Hotel with mediocre food and little decorative appeal. I thought the brunch was missing the Cajun flavor the cuisine in Nola boasts. I had the seafood omelette which was a plain cheese omelette with unseasoned shrimp. It lacked perkiness and was bland and oily. However, the Cajun Bloody Mary was incredible. The Bloody Mary is the reason I bumped the rating from 2 to 3 stars. Other than that, many better brunch places in Nola with better food, energy, and ambience.Awesome! Food great, service great, price great.  Hidden in ole bank/hotel.  Ask for the seafood omellette.  Great find during the busy Essence Music Festival weekend - thanks to the concierge at the Hilton.This place is great! Went around 11:30am and had the buffet. Probably the best fried chicken I have ever tasted, this is saying a lot being from S. Alabama. The gumbo was great if you like a thinner stew. On the bar was a penne pasta with a shrimp and crawfish sauce that was out of this world! Not a large selection on the buffet but what they do have, they do it right!! If you go, you must have the bread pudding, heaven on earth! Servers are attentive but not over friendly, the older black lady tending the buffet made the meal. She engaged surrounding tables as she cooked and packed food to go; kept us laughing the whole time. It's basic down home food perfected, nothing fancy here.What stood out the most was the great staff! While walking by Sat morning (with my dog, surprise, surprise) a gentleman out front suggested we stop by Sunday (w/o the dog, I didnt see outdoor seating), he hooked us in with my favorite words 'unlimited mimosas'. I believe unlimited bloody marys are included as well. When we returned Sunday everyone was just as friendly including our server & the gentleman making the omelettes to order! 
This was the perfect spot for my friends & I on a rough Sun morning after Jazz Fest weekend. There wasnt live jazz (our headaches prob couldnt have tolerated it) & although the food selection wasnt large, there was something for each of us. I remember gumbo, a cheesy pasta dish, omelet bar, veggies & I believe a couple more selections. Like I said though, it was sufficient. The disposable serving dishes did throw me off at first, but I liked the casual atmosphere. The dining room isnt that large, but it wasnt crowded & we did not feel rushed whatsoever. We sat around for a while after we ate just recollecting the previous evening. I noticed a few people dining alone, I would return for more low key, chill brunches at a good price. If you're looking for a fancier experience, perhaps with out of town guests, you might want to hit up another place. Overall I was pleased!Apparently, this is a recently opened lunch and breakfast spot in the Central Business District of New Orleans -- the original French Quarter location has rave reviews everywhere.  In any case, we went for Sunday brunch, and were reasonably impressed.  
The Sunday Brunch menu, which I understand changes regularly, had  5 entrees/main courses, but each of them looked interesting. (Country Eggs Benedict (biscuit, poached eggs, gravy, ham with a side of grits);  Will's potatoes (potatoes and andouille sausage topped with poached eggs and hollandaise); grilled Tilapia on potato pancakes with lemon-butter sauce; Pork chop stuffed with crawfish, and one more I can't remember.
Honey had the Pork Chop stuffed with crawfish and he loved it.  I had a small bite -- I thought the glaze was a little sweet and didn't really taste any crawfish flavor in the stuffing, but the pork was tender and well-seasoned.  It was served with corn and skillet potatoes.
I had Will's potatoes, which started with a bed of boiled potatoes, onions and red bell peppers, seasoned with chunks of andouille sausage.  Then they added two perfectly poached eggs and topped it with a light hollandaise sauce.  (By light, I mean more sauce-y than thick and creamy -- there's no way hollandaise is ever lo-cal).   It was very good -- the only change I would make would be to have the potatoes and onions sauteed or pan-fried to give a little more crispy texture.  The spices they used to season the dish (thyme, salt, and red pepper) complemented the andouille sausage, and the hollandaise had a definite lemon tanginess.
I think they were about to close for the day when we arrived (it was nearly 2:00 on a Sunday in the business district) and they were out of decaf coffee and unsweetened tea, so we had water to drink.  (Probably healthier, anyways...)  We were the only people in the restaurant, which is on the ground floor of a historic old bank (The Whitney, which has been converted to a Wyndham hotel).   The service was prompt and attentive, and one of the managers actually stopped by and spent 5-10 minutes giving us tips on things to do while we were in New Orleans while we waited for our food - very friendly.
Each of the brunch entrees was in the $15 - 17 range.  I was debating about whether to give this restaurant 3 or 4 stars, but the price was a little high, so I decided on 3.  The lunch menu  that I glanced at was very reasonably priced -- $3 gumbo, $5 - $10 entrees that consisted mostly of fried seafood and some comfort foods like pot roast and the dessert selection looked interesting.Building is beautiful. Food is average at best. Nothing extremely unique or "New Orleans", except some omlettes with sea food. I had poor service, but they were very busy with a tour group.A low-key restaurant located in the Whitney Wyndham hotel, near but comfortably outside French Quarter, a small restaurant somewhat incongruously within the space of a building that was probably once a grand old bank, all marble.  There are small tables all about, and buffet stations on the perimeter.  
Friendly service all around, a nice welcome to New Orleans.  My first meal in NOLA, I was just looking for comforting local food to start the day.  One of the specials caught my eye, shrimp and okra gumbo, with fried chicken.  Tried chicory coffee while waiting for it, a local variation related to a period when this root was added to coffee to stretch supplies.  Adds an interesting aroma and taste but can't say I particularly cared for it.
The gumbo arrived, a good-sized portion, which, as I was to discover, is a norm in NOLA.  Fit the bill of what I wanted, tasty comfort food, especially with dashes of hot sauce.  And the fried chicken was very good, another thing I discovered was fairly routine here, where fried foods are plentiful and well-done, more often than not.
A nice option in this Warehouse district area, with lots of hotels nearby, and probably rarely gets very crowded.Ate here while in town visiting someone on their lunch break in the CBD. The restaurant was empty, only two other tables at the time we were there. We placed our order for the special and fried chicken and waited an hour with no food despite the waiter saying it was almost ready. 
We got up to leave and the manager was nice enough to try and fix it but asking me whether I wanted white meat or dark meat indicated the waiter never even put our order in. My friend wanted to just leave but the manager gave us our meals to take with us for no charge. I ate it back at the office. Fried chicken was okay and the mac and cheese was really good but rich. My friend did not have time to eat his meal at all. 
The next day I paid dearly for it. I had food poisoning, ruining the rest of my visit.They get one star because they have the best biscuit I've EVER HAD.
If you do find yourself at Lil' Dizzy's just order 10 biscuits and a glass of water.
The omelette's were too oily for my taste, the hash browns were more like roasted red potatoes swimming in butter, the coffee had a metallic taste to them, the service was bad and the bill came back wrong twice. The bowl of fruit was half a banana and three large strawberries, not worth the price. My sister had the the frenchtoast, because the reviews said they were great, they were ok but not great. 
It's small and I smelled like fried food when I left. Me no likey.I visited Lil' Dizzy's twice during a spring break trip to New Orleans with my school. The space is small, but they accommodated our large group both times. The lunch buffet is typical New Orleans cooking - seafood gumbo, red beans and rice, etc. Their fried chicken is to. die. for. The artwork, articles, and photos of celebrities on the walls will keep you entertained. And, ladies, make sure you check out the bathroom - it's a one-person room with two toilets! Strange.I loved the waitstaff of this place! Very friendly and New Orleans! The food was also tasty. Next time I would give it a try for Sunday brunch. I went on a Friday but would like to taste everything people have been raving about at the brunch.Housed in a palatial old bank, the food did not compound a great deal of interest during my visit. I visited on Sunday morning during their brunch (no other menu options, but it's all inclusive for $21.99), which includes made to order egg dishes and French toast; the buffet service featured assortment of chicken, both fried and barbecued, mac and cheese, dirty rice, greens, catfish, grits, biscuits, etc. Ordered eggs were cooked spot-on but, unfortunately, buffet items, notably the fried chicken and all-too-generic salad bar offerings, suffered from sitting too long in a chafing dish or bowl -- or just had a case of terminal blandness. The exceptions were a meaty andouille sausage and mildly fragrant gumbo which didn't suffer -- and  probably benefitted from the slow cook of the warming trays.  Service was attentive and pleasant though the at-first rushed server assumed I was familiar with the brunch service instead of offering an unprompted explanation of the menu. Overall, the well-worn diner style china, paper tablecloth covers, cheesy elevator jazz music (think 1980s shopping mall), and food which reminds one too much of a cafeteria experience seems a bit below the distinguished architecture.Lil Dizzy's is located inside an old bank on Poydras Street. I have only been for lunch, but it was really good. 
The location is cool and there is even a table inside the old vault. 
At lunch the servers were friendly and professional. Drinks were kept full, and the servers were very attentive to our needs. I had the pork chop which was a good down home meal. The meal comes with a salad from a bar and two sides. The macaroni and red potatoes were both great. 
It isn't a fancy place, but the food is great and you can't beat their lunch prices.
It is located next to Federal Court so you can get a good last meal before Jim Letten sends you to Leavenworth.Food okay, service slow and not friendly.  Atmosphere. Greatthis was a really neat looking place.  it's in a bank but has a good brunch. service was okay, but it's a buffet, so that is fine.  
bottomless mimosas are always welcome.  omelets were made to order and the pecan pie was delicious.  so were the mashed potatoes, the pasta and everything else i ate.when i eat at an establishment for dinner and then come right back for the breakfast, it's gotta be that good. and this establishment does not disappoint. the seafood platter prepared by chef albert was so good and tasteful that i wished i would have not shared the order. chef albert knows what he is doing when you let him loose in the kitchen. my hat goes off to him. and the waitress dominique was so nice and pleasant. she was excellent and very knowledgeable regarding nola. enjoyed her conversation tremendously. went back to the hotel feeling well satisfied. can i say the fried chicken, this chicken melts in your mouth not in your hand(figure of speech). very moist and very well seasoned. 6 thumbs up for the chicken. i loved the mac and cheese as well. that was my breakfast. my better half just wants to say grits done right. loved the breakfast ate it all nothing left on the plate. i would give ten stars if yelp had it on the board. lil dizzy's my go to when i visit nola.went here for breakfast but were late--they stop serving breakfast at 11am on weekdays.
Instead we got the soul/cajun food buffet.
This was one of the best buffets I have ever had...
Fried chicken, gumbo, etoufee, jambalaya, stuffed shrimp and trout, spoon bread, mixed veggies, rice, and salad bar.  It included beverage as well--ice tea.  All of the food was delicious with loads of seafood and sausage in it--imagine shrimp stuffed with crab with a sauce ladled over it that is full of shrimp!
Service was friendly, the place was full of locals, tourists, politicians, etc.
We walked out stuffed and happy!
the best part was the fact that the lunch buffet was 13.99!!!  a sick value.
Definitely worth a visit, not too far a walk up Esplanade from the Quarter.There is something to be said for a hotel which dares run a restaurant and bar. One thing I must say about this place is that the inside of the restaurant is pretty. It has a high ceiling and a relaxing environment and the staff are very sweet and polite. It is also off the beaten path so to speak and and has a feeling of being away from the hustle and bustle of the rest of Nawlin's and the Quarter.
I am all about a Louisiana breakfast now chillren'! I am talkin' strong chickory coffee served with real cream. I am talkin' about catfish.. YES.
Fried catfish for BREAKFAST. A couple of fried fillets or nuggets served with some cheese grits, scrambled eggs with hot sauce and a biscuit if you like with butter and some good fruit preserves for a breakfast desert!
I did try their breakfast taters which were also good.
The service here was a bit slow but I did not mind because I was not in a hurry. The comfortable and even pretty surroundings along with the pleasant and low key activity was all part of the vibe here. The Whitney is a pretty hotel and a great way to start workin' the Big Easy mojo.
The only thing here that I was not too crazy about was their specially made Lil Dizzy hot sauce. Its just not that good people. Too sweet and more like tomato ketchup than hot sauce. Could I just have some good ole' Louisiana Hot Sauce or some Tobasco? Keep trying though and maybe ya'll will get it right.
Overall a pleasant experience and I would eat here again. Especially since it is so conveniently located right downstairs. A great way to break into the day.The BF and I came here for lunch in May when I was visiting for business. The gumbo was AMAZing made with real crab legs, gotta be the best in NOLA. Had the shrimp grillades, gritts under bell pepper, shrimp, onions, cheese, gravy - delicious! 
Great service. Nice atmosphere. I'll be sure to check this place out again next month when I'm in NOLA again for business.If you're looking for someone to reinvent breakfast to "cuisine", go ahead and pay twice as much somewhere else.  But, if you want a hearty start to your day with "personality" at an incredible price, Lil' Dizzy's is for you!  Our ONLY regret is we didn't stay over on the weekend for the brunch buffet with mimosas by the pitcher!
Husband & I stayed two nights at the Whitney Wyndham, and I have to say we'd have never found - or sought out - Lil' Dizzy's otherwise.  But it was just so darned convenient to pop downstairs without planning an early "destination", and we were gloriously surprised.  It's the kind of place that makes you think, "why don't I cook like this on the weekends at home?"  
Best biscuits EVER!...started from scratch in the wee hours daily.  And we both enjoyed the omelets.  Someone commented they were too "oily"...well, when you order  a 3-egg omelet with bacon and rich cheddar cheese, it's going to weep a bit o' fat on the plate!  One morning, I had French Toast with strawberries which was both lovely and delightfully tasty.  Had we stayed longer, we'd have tried the breakfast CATFISH... where else can you get catfish with your eggs?  More "soul" than "Cajun" at Lil' Dizzy's, but both have a place in NOLA.
The little lady who does the cooking (only person we saw behind a stove) is experienced, for sure.  She rotated between tending those biscuits, manning the omelet station, cooking up French toast, and plating meals for the two waitresses.  Some mentioned the folks as unfriendly... I'd say one girl was more quiet (new on the job) and the cook is quite humble, but "friendly is as friendly does."  A simple smile from us brought warm smiles in return and a genuine desire to please by refilling our coffee/water and more.  The cook even shyly agreed to let me take her photo.
Decor is worth the trip in itself.  I work for a bank, but we're not nearly as "grand" as this historic building with domes, arches, brass, ornate crown moulding, and murals!... you won't believe the murals!  Artistry with comic flair!  I hear evening guests can even dine in the old bank vault!
Lil' Dizzy's... we'll be back, no matter where we stay on our return to New Orleans!Do yourself a favor and just don't go. For $14 you can do a whole lot better anywhere in New Orleans. It's all-you-can-eat, but nothing you'd want to. Dried out chicken. A greasy "creole" pasta, tasteless red beans and rice, and an oily watery "gumbo".Awesome food and really attentive staff.  Hosted a brunch for 20+ people on a Saturday and Kelly and her staff were wonderful. They made sure we were totally taken care of and went over and above to help us out.  The food was great too - eggs made to order and some of the best biscuits I've ever had!  Delicious!There is something to be said for a hotel which dares run a restaurant and bar. One thing I must say about this place is that the inside of the restaurant is pretty. It has a high ceiling and a relaxing environment and the staff are very sweet and polite. It is also off the beaten path so to speak and and has a feeling of being away from the hustle and bustle of the rest of Nawlin's and the Quarter.
I am all about a Louisiana breakfast now chillren'! I am talkin' strong chickory coffee served with real cream. I am talkin' about catfish.. YES.
Fried catfish for BREAKFAST. A couple of fried fillets or nuggets served with some cheese grits, scrambled eggs with hot sauce and a biscuit if you like with butter and some good fruit preserves for a breakfast desert!
I did try their breakfast taters which were also good. 
The service here was a bit slow but I did not mind because I was not in a hurry. The comfortable and even pretty surroundings along with the pleasant and low key activity was all part of the vibe here. The Whitney is a pretty hotel and a great way to start workin' the Big Easy mojo. 
The only thing here that I was not too crazy about was their specially made Lil Dizzy hot sauce. Its just not that good people. Too sweet and more like tomato ketchup than hot sauce. Could I just have some good ole' Louisiana Hot Sauce or some Tobasco? Keep trying though and maybe ya'll will get it right. 
Overall a pleasant experience and I would eat here again. Especially since it is so conveniently located right downstairs. A great way to break into the day.We were looking for a cheap quick breakfast near Poydras and lil dizzies hit the spot. Plus it was in a cool old bank and had a kick ass mural. There was no wait on a Saturday morning and the food was not fancy but pretty darn good. Our waiter was experienced, relaxed and took good care of us- he sat down at the empty table next to us when taking our order, let us ask him about his studies, chatted about Nola. I would recommend if you are looking for the more relaxed NOLA breakfast experience. Oh, and the French Toast, do it, you won't regret it.We were looking for a good breakfast, and  we got that and then some, the coffee was great, my girlfriend had the omelet, and home fries, she said they were perfect. the omelet was huge, and fresh and cheesy just like she likes it, and the biscuits so good. I had the french toast with strawberries, again perfectly cooked, and another huge serving, the price was right, the service quick and efficient.
a great place for breakfast in the CBDThe food and service were both awful. My omelet was completely raw in the middle and my potatoes were ice cold. Every ones food came out at different times.The waitress never came back to check our table, we eventually had to yell across the restaurant to get her attention. She didn't offer to fix my food she just yanked my plate from in front of me and I told me that she would take it off my bill. The manager which happens to be the owners granddaughter was no help at all. She was just as rude and didn't apologize once for the horrible service. I would never visit this restaurant again and I was even upset i paid $3 for a sodaI had breakfast on Saturday w/ a couple of friends. It's located inside the Wyndham Whitney Hotel.
Crab & Cheese Omelette: 2/5 - The crab was barely visible. The omelette was dry & bland.
Service: 4/5
Ambience: 3/5We (table of four) experienced great service and good food here. The catfish (accompanied with eggs and grits; my boyfriend and I ordered it grilled) was flaky and flavorful. I also had the French Toast, which unfortunately was very soggy. The portion was very large.  Overall I was impressed with the service, the atmosphere ( it was my first time eating in a bank), and the food. The price is also reasonable especially compared to other places in the area.Loved the food. The french toast was very good. And the jambalaya omelet was amazing. Gotta love the food in NOLA. And the cute little restaurant set up in an old bank. Only wish I had my camera to take some good pictures.Sunday. Brunch. $6. Bottomless Mimosas. Till 2pm. Nuff' Said!  Next time I'll actually try the food!Likes:  Wait staff is extremely friendly, they always made sure my mimosa glass was never empty.  Jambalaya omelet was not short of filling, prefer it over the seafood omelet.  They didn't skimp on the seafood gumbo, either; I managed to pull up 2 crab halves.  Live piano music is a very nice touch / addition to the charm that other Yelpers have yelped about.
Dislikes:  Didn't know the price of Sunday brunch until we got the check - $19.99 per person * 2 ppl + tax + tip (assume std 15-20%) = ~$53 (give or take a few $).  Call me cheap (which I'm not, mind you), but I tend to think is pretty steep for brunch.  Not a brunch veteran, however, I used to serve at a cajun/creole restaurant and a check for two was rarely (and we're talking uber-rare) more than $30.
Also didn't think that the buffet options were much to write home about.  I guess I expected something more out of the half-cooked potatoes au gratin.  Talapia was the fish option, guess I expected something else being that we were in Nola and all.Open only for lunch and looking just like a buffet this is a little weird at first.  But the food has been fantastic (skip the salad).Known to be a must hit breakfast spot, Lil' Dizzy's offers great service and fantastic food.  My friend and I shared the lunch special, a seafood omelet po'boy which came with eggs and onions.  It tasted great along with authentic Louisiana Crystal hot sauce. And good lawd, were the morning corn bread and complimentary salad bar bonuses!  The restaurant is in an old bank, but has now turned its tables into one of NOLA's best word of mouth eateries.  If you plan to go here during the Mardi Gras parades, make sure they are open.  For most of the days, this spot was closed.  And as a side note,  my friend and I met Mayor Nagin who was having his brunch in the vault, next to the dining area, the day after Mardi Gras.  So you know this place is good if it has the mayor's seal of approval!Decent food with mediocre service. My hubby didnt like his blood mary although i enjoyed my mimosa...I didn't find anything about my brunch experience very memorable except for the hair in my scrambled eggs.  I don't even want to think about where it came from since the server and the egg cook both were bald.  
1 star for the mimosa.Best coffee I've had in a while! Grits were perfect and the shrimp omelette had more than enough shrimp...
Crissy and the rest of the staff were more than friendly to this out-of-towner. Awesome location inside an old bank. Certainly not what you'd expect from the outside looking in. I love it!I guess for this brunch, you pay for the experience. Lil Dizzy's is located in a bank with a huge mural featuring Laurel and Hardy, the Three Stooges, and a bank heist.  The buffet is great, some of the best fried chicken I've had in my day, and the mimosas are never ending. I really don't think it was worth the whopping $26 per person price, however and since I've gone once I probably won't go back.Found this little spot, of course thanks to Yelp. It is inside of a bank, and is oen of the greatest ambiances we've seen. Small, maybe 15 tables, great little set up. Had the hot sausage, scrambled eggs, and hashbrowns. The Hashbrowns are a little more like roasted potatoes than true hashbrowns, 
Wife got the french toast, which looked great, but I had just recently had french toast from Coulie, which couldn't be beat. It wasn't bad, a little expensive, but the mamosa comes with a ton of booze.Excellent fried chicken and the sides were great as well! We went on a Monday night and we were the only customers, which is usually a bad sign, but in this case we got fantastic fresh cooked food and excellent, friendly service. Prices are super reasonable for a giant plate of food and the restaurant is inside an old bank, so its a great atmosphere.The Jambalaya Omelet is to die for. The French Toast did not need syrup, it was so good. Coming back for lunch.Date Visited: Sunday, April 19, 2009
Time of Day: Breakfast/Brunch
First of all the location of Lil' Dizzy's is great.  It's inside an old bank complete with a safe and an old teller window (which is where the kitchen is).  
Now onto the food.  Since it's Sunday, my dad and I enjoyed the Sunday Jazz Brunch.  This is what a southern brunch should be!  I enjoyed a homemade biscuit, french toast, hash browns, grits, a made-to-order omelette, and finished it all with a nice piece of sweet potato pie.  Mouth watering right?  The service is great and Kevin (the chef at the omelette station) was very friendly, engaging in conversation with several patrons.   I hope I get a chance to go back here before I leave.  If not, Lil' Dizzy's has been added to my list of "must visits" for New Orleans.  
Tip: If coming for Sunday brunch, make sure you show up early (they start serving at 10 am), this place fills up quickly.Oh My Gosh I had the smothered Pork Chops mustard green and garlic mashed potatoes!
Now I went here a day after I went to Mothers which is a block down the street and they put a big big smile on my face!
The service is excellent and the Chef even came out to check on us! Can you believe that!
The dining room is in the lobby of a vintage bank seriously and it looks like the movie Public Enimies
Stop asking questions and just go!!!We lucked into this place by accident. Dropped in for jazz brunch on Sunday, and returned on Monday for breakfast.
Agreed that is a bit noisy. Wifi was useful, but only available to subscribers, which could be construed as a strike against it.
Enjoyed the trout, jambalaya omelette, biscuits, coffee. Prices were reasonable and the staff friendly and helpful. Would love to go back!Food was delicious. Ordered eggs and french toast with bacon and grits. Server was super nice and helpful in choosing a meal. Loved how the restaurant is inside of an old bank.Service was crappy, but the food was great and cheap. Unfortunately did not get to the brunch, but was able to try the seafood po'boy omelette and it was AMAZING. Grits were also great, as was the Mac N Cheese side and pretty much everything else. Check it out. It is right down the street from Mother's if the line there is too long!11/30/2017 12:37 PM
I just called Lil' Dizzy's and THEY ARE NOT CLOSED! They were kind of upset when I let them know that Yelp reporting them closed. Can you please make the correction?Love it!  This place is amazing.  Limitless mimosas and authentic canjun food for 19.99?!? Great ambiance.  Located close to Harrah's.  I've been to N.O. over a dozen times and this is by far the best brunch deal in town.
Oh, and ask to be seated in "the vault"I had grilled catfish and grits with scrambled eggs and a biscuit and a large sweet tea. The food was superb. I like that the catfish comes grilled instead of fried. The fish was very fresh and tender. I was surprised that the biscuits were served room temperature. This restaurant is a favorite with locals, which to me is usually an indicator of quality. Tomorrow I'm planning to go back before I catch my flight home to DC! Thanks NOLA!The food was great. Home cooked southern cooking. Great price, waiter was fun. The building is cool.This was the last place I went to while I was in New Orleans. Unfortunately, I was too late for breakfast. A lot of locals told me that the omelets are where it's at here.
Instead, I got the fried chicken with red beans and rice and jambalaya. It was pretty reasonably priced and you got plenty of food. The food itslef was really good but not great. I remember liking the jambalaya a lot. 
The service made up for the slightly above average food. I'm from the South and Lil' Dizzy's is a true southern restaurant. Our waitress was very friendly and all the people working there greeted us when we walked in and smiled when they walked by. The service was attended and they kept my coffee cup full. For dessert, I got the bread pudding. It was good but not in the same league as Mother's.Went there twice on my recent visit to NOLA.  Its a good value in comparison to some of the other restaurants in the area.  Their Trout PoBoy was great.  Enjoyed the fried chicken and fries.  Some of the other PoBoy's were less exciting, but decent.
One night the service was excellent, I loved the guy.  The other night, was just average.  The building is great, and a fun place to sit in.  Casual dresses.
Worth a visit if you are around for a while and looking for a lade back inexpensive meal.I forgot to write about this place when I was in NOLA. Pregnant walking around New Orleans, so hungry in the morning, excited to find a superb Sunday brunch and we ended up here... bummer.
However, I DO know why this place has high reviews: the booze. The staff that tends the bar here is so oblivious on how to make a decent bloody mary that is ALMOST drinkable. You would be wasted in half a cocktail. Mimosas are also bottomless. If you are someone going to a football game or starting Sunday Fun-day, I see the appeal to this.
We were here the Jets v. Saints weekend and I think they were understaffed for as busy as they were. This happens and I almost want to jump up and help the people working there when I see it around me...restauranteur curse...
We fortunately got a place at the bar (good, because I was not walking around in the wind and rain anymore with a baby punching around in my stomach begging for food). We watched the serving staff trash the backside of the bar while rushing around making drinks. If they were my servers I would have raised hell at the mess but the manager was so busy trying to catch up he didn't notice. We asked for S&P and the guy looked around at tables behind us, saw a guest using it and went up to him WHILE THE SHAKER WAS STILL IN HAND and asked him for it. I did find this hilarious and mortifying all in one. I am sure the staff here means well but everything was in the toilet the day we went, which was quite a surprise because we had EXCELLENT and friendly service every other place we went in NOLA.
The tables are pretty crammed in to an old bank tomb which is pretty cool. They also have a private table in a vault down the hall which is a great idea for a larger family/friend get together. The decor is basically just the old bank which takes up the corner square of the hotel it is located in.
I am not a huge fan of some southern food in general so Mac n Chz at 10am instead of Eggs Benedict was NOT my idea of Sunday Brunch. The french toast was FRIED and hard. The foil containers everything was served in reminded me of something you take to a BBQ and are ready to toss at the end of the picnic day. Get some stainless chaffing dishes for heaven's sake. The gumbo was excellent and the chunks and morsels of seafood to dig into were fantastic. They used sliced velveeta-style American cheese in the omelets... this ruined the fact that they actually had real crab meat to put in the eggs as well. Gross. The bread pudding was a nice treat though. The grits were ok, the biscuits were blah and the bacon was swimming in grease (depends on if you like this or not).
There was NO live jazz when we were dining there. They had Jazz piano music on the speakers.
PS- the picture of the location with the signage is not the Lil' Dizzy's downtown. Perhaps they have multiple locations. Just an FYI.
I am uber-disappointed with the lack of quality in the reviews for this place. I chose it b/c it had high reviews, you ruined my Sunday Brunch boozing yelpers...
If you want super casual Sunday brunch and you want to get wasted and don't really give a crap what your stomach things afterward, go for it, but I think there is a better option within a 1-mile walking radius.Four days later, I'm still HORRIFIED by poor quality food, and poor quality service.  The owner, Mr. Wayne has yet to respond to our letter of dissatisfaction.  He won't even acknowledge the fact that we are distressed with our experience. And not to mention there WAS NO LIVE music.   I have no other recourse but to offer my advice and to stay away from Lil Dizzy's.  Unless said owner wants to redeem his establishment and offer a refund/apology/or acknowledge that his staff was behaving poorly in his absence.   Wife still smarting with buyers remorse as well.    Shame Shame Lil Dizzy's.Hey y'all!! All the way from Los Angeles! Lil' Dizzy's is definitely NOT closed! They are open for business and the food is delicious!! Now when the place gets too full of people, he will close those doors!! We had a fabulous time and the owner makes you feel like family!! Who dat nation loves Lil' Dizzy's cafe!!This here is a letter my wife wrote to the restaurant we went to the other day.  I guess it was bad....
Dear Restaurant Owner:
Today, on my wedding Anniversary, I chose Lil Dizzy's for a casual, home style buffet.    We were there shortly before 10 AM, so we waited in the lobby lounge until the host was ready to seat.   We were seated at what seemed like a clean table, as it had unblemished white paper  over a tattered, and stained white table cloth underneath.   I can only imagine what was grazing my knees, while I was trying to ignore the filth on the poorly stocked sugar and artificial sugar caddy.  The salt and pepper shakers were also greasy from diners past, and less than half full.  Needless to say my first impression was that of a poor one.
The mimosas were a travesty.  Knowing that orange juice costs more per ounce than the most affordable "champagne" why was mine 80 percent juice?   I let it go, as I really wasn't there for the drinking, but had I the option of paying for my beverages, I would have.
I felt awkward not eating  as my husband was enjoying fried chicken for breakfast, so I eyed the bacon at the omelette station.  It was cold and flaccid.  Clearly from another meal.  The breakfast sausage was dry and mealy looking , and the smoked sausage, the kind you supposedly make from scratch was that of an unlicensed food cart.  I have had better food at Golden Corral, which was my husbands first choice, but we didn't want to travel outside parish lines to go eat.  The fried French toast was cold in the chafing pans, so the waiter had the kitchen make me some that was hot.   When I got it, all  I tasted was oil.   Clearly the oil was not hot enough to accommodate said French Toast, yet the cook threw it in anyway.
My final problem that I had today was with the staff.   As lovely as your female server might be, I do not want her buttocks 12 inches from my face.   This is exactly what I got as she was leaning over another  table to take an order from some young men al la Hooters Style.   Then , pacing back and forth was one of your young cooks from kitchen to dining room, texting on his cell phone.  I noticed the absence of hair nets  by men with facial hair putting the buffet food out,  and a complete and utter lack of professionalism from almost the entire dining room staff.    We were also informed that it was our servers birthday that day.   Quite frankly, it was the worst dining experience I have ever had.   And yes, I am a local, and yes, I do understand staffing problems, busy rushes, etc, but there really wasn't anything remotely good about today's  experience at Lil Dizzy's.great breakfast.  nice and airy with the high ceilings.  very comfortable seats.  price is right.
any place that serves catfish for breakfast is too cool.  
awesome potatos.  truely some of the best breakfast potatos i've had.Great food and great service, the prices are right and the portions large.  It is cold in there and I think the food gets cold quickly.  I have only been here for lunch but it has always been good.This joint is in an old bank. Went here for fried chicken and ended up getting the fried catfish instead. Was not disappointed. The staff was great. I even got a free order of gumbo while I waited for my meal. Was pretty happy that jambalaya was a side. I got that and red beans for my sides. Everything was excellent and very reasonable. I ate all that for only $13. This place isn't the most famous place to eat in this area (it's practically across the street from Mother's), but it was one of my favorite meals while I was in the area.What an amazing place is Lil' Dizzy's! Yelp led us there and they did the rest. Located inside an old bank, the decor is different from anything we've visited and made for quite the enjoyable breakfast experience. There is a private room just to the right of where you enter that's the old bank vault and has seating for a group of 10-12.
We were seated promptly and entered the atrium of the bank. Adorned by lovely columns and very nice art and finishing touches on the walls and ceilings, it set the mood for a great brunch. 
The bottom less mimosas were excellent - even classier than normal as they were brought in pitchers! The buffet for brunch was very good and included some wicked chicken (more to come later), great fruit, solid Mac 'n cheese, decent made to order omlettes (again more to come), some legit Gumbo and possibly the best French toast ever ever!
The French toast was made to perfection and was effectively Banana's foster french toast. Some good syrup that would only be made better if it was something a little more exotic like vanilla or rum flavored. 
Our omelette originally wasn't great, but then genious struck and we asked about a CHICKEN AND BISCUIT omelette. This thing was straight up amazing, in large part because the chicken is solid. The biscuit soaked up any wet eggness and added some great girth and flavor. 
Our waitress was incredibly nice and called me shugga while there - extra star! 
A great place to go when you're looking for some good cajun brunch in a unique atmosphere. Excellent food and worth your time to check out.We just moved to Nola, so we were looking for a nice Sunday Brunch place....... And this is NOT IT! The food was cold, not too many options in the buffet and the service was slow. Then the worse part was the bill.....$60.00 (two people) for mediocre food. We won't be visiting the place any time soon!I returned to this place on 2/20, I'm not going to say it was the unlimited mimosas that sucked me in, but its a good guess! 
Everything was on point!  The staff was PHENOMENAL, so much so that I intend to email or call the manager and let him/her know how awesome they were.  I'm not a meat eater, I occassionally will have seafood, so there aren't tons of options on the buffet, but there were more than enough for me.  
The location is just great too. Its on Poydras, so you're walking distance from a lot of places, but you're not going to fight through crowds, cabs or luggage outside hotels to get here.  Also, there isn't live jazz, but the whole setting in the bank vault, so much fun and so worth it!  Also, on Poydras on a Sunday morning there is ample parking and free!
I enjoy this place and def intend to return.  It was perfect for what my friend and I were looking for, brunch in a chill setting where we could have some drinks, but relax and converse.  I just felt the need to update my review because the service that particular day was some of the best I've had in this city or any city for that matter!  
Funny story: my friend returned from the ladies room rolling her eyes because our waiter and I were comparing pics of our Bostons.  I had to tell her that I didnt initiate, our server was just that cool and friendly that he brought up that he had a dog first!this place is awesome!!! we went for Sunday Brunch after the essence festival. the price of 20 dollars for a champagne brunch with seafood omelttes, gumbo, jambalaya, friend chicken, mac n cheese, french toast made out of baguettes...O.M.G.
I cannot wait to get back to New Orleans to eat here again...I wish I had took pictures because it is in a old bank so these current photos are inaccurate...the building is beautiful
I adore the bank setting, tre fabulous and the wait staff is awesome!!!Dizzys was recommended by our hotel concierge and hit the mark. Our party of 8 were seated in the vault which was very nice and private. It was an unexpected surprise to see all of the memorabilia from the old bank. The gumbo was excellent, meaty and very well seasoned. The fish, shrimp and sides were good as well. We had a great time and a great meal.   P.s. most of us are from the south so we have high expectations about seasoning of food, hospitality and portion sizes. Dizzys did not disappoint.Found Lil' Dizzy's on yelp. Someone posted pictures of the french toast, which looked amazing. That was good enough for us. Only a short walk from our hotel Lil' Dizzy's is located in The Whitney Hotel and occupied an old bank. Absolutely beautiful. We ordered the french toast. One order of strawberry, one order of banana. No complaints, especially since it was made from traditional french bread! A unique and delicious twist. The service was good and our server was very friendly. The only complaint was that we were one of two parties in the restaurant at the time, which is always a little awkward. Maybe it was an off time?red beans & rice, fried chicken, jambalaya, gumbo.....in an old bank building. whats not to love??!!!