We ate dinner here on Oct. 29, 2014.  This restaurant, on Magazine Street in the antique/boutique area of Uptown, came highly recommended.  I was in a quandary giving this restaurant three stars, because it was two different experiences: the food was a four, but the atmosphere was a two, at best.  The service was just ordinary for such an expensive restaurant.  The best description I can give is Lilette is "dining out" at a very good restaurant, but it is not what I'd consider fine dining.  The wine list was among the worst I've ever encountered, with only the most expensive (and overpriced) selections.  Not a single moderately priced and good quality bottle of wine on the list. Not everyone wants to spend $200+ on a bottle of wine, but those wines dominate the list. The restaurant seating is one large room with nothing to block the noise, which was substantial.  This is NOT a place for a romantic dinner.  For the money, I'd stick with the fine dining options closer to the French Quarter.I stopped going to lilette a few years ago because I had overdone the place.  It wasn't until I returned this week did I appreciate how spoiled we are to live in New Orleans with its abundance of excellent restaurants that I could have ever failed to appreciate how truly wonderful a place this is.  The escargot and sausage appetizers were phenomenal. The steak and tuna were on point. Service was excellent.  An absolute class act.  I can't imagine a better neighborhood bistro anywhere in the country.I am so glad that the official birthday dinner of the trip was held at Lilette. I enjoyed every single thing I tried - including some of my friends' food. Our waiter was a little curt at first but he warmed to us and us to him. 
The ambiance was fantastic - well decorated, warm, and friendly with a combination of modern touches and old world fixtures and finishes. 
My entree, the duck breast, was perfect. The meat was a wonderful medium rare, the cauliflower was crispy and flavorful and I cleaned my plate. My sister's chicken was some of the best I've ever had and was so happy she didn't want to eat the skin. My buddy's fries were amazing although I never got to try the hanger steak. 
Our starters were equally wonderful: the tempura soft shell crab with heirloom tomatoes was delicious, as was the day's crudo. I forget the fish's name, but it's a relative of marlin. The sweet corn broth with avocado was simple and delicious. 
As for dessert, the dark chocolate brownie was one of the best I've ever had, and the Nutella custard thing we got was also quite delicious. The peach cremosa was the only one that didn't wow me. 
Overall, wonderful meal in a wonderful place.Lilette looks and feels a lot like its near-neighbor La Petit Grocery, but here's the difference: They know what they're doing. 
This is a lovely, French bistro-looking place with fantastic, upscale, New Orleans food. Here's the food run-down:
For apps, I had the grilled beets with goat cheese and walnuts, which were fresh and lovely, and a welcome break from the roasted or pickled beets I'm used to - lovely texture, temperature, seasoning. My husband had blood sausage with spicy mustard, which is not really my things but I did venture to try it and it was yummy. 
For entrees, I ordered the chicken, which I rarely do when I'm out but our server recommended it highly. She wasn't wrong. It was delicious - served over brussels sprouts and carmelized onions with a mushroom gravy and a hint of vinegar that brought the whole thing together - real New Orleans flair with lots of sophistication, and all of that with CHICKEN! My husband had a tuna special that he was not as effusive about but still liked a lot. 
For dessert, I had the chocolate bread pudding special, which was very good. I generally prefer a bread pudding that is more clearly comprised of chunks of gooey, yummy bread rather than something more akin to an upscale cake or pudding. So it wasn't what I preferred or expected, but that aside, it was still darn good.
The service was timely and attentive but not overbearing. They had a good division of labor and rhythm going. Oddly, all of the servers - male and female - were gorgeous but sans attitude. 
And the sazeracs were mad good - all the makings of a fine, neighborhood restaurant.The tried raw fish for appetizer, it is ok. Roasted squab is very appropriate, juicy, but would be better if the sauce was sweeter.
Dessert is chocolate torte. 
Not very impressive. But maybe worth trying a second time.Disclaimer: I know two of the cooks here. However. I'm relatively picky, and Lilette has met my 5-mark both times.
I really cannot go any further without mentioning the DIVINE chocolate bread pudding. My friend and I each took one bite and there simply were no words. No words. We turned to face each other and just knew that it was the best thing we'd put in our mouth since longer than either of us could remember. This was about a year ago. Fortunately, my latest visit was about two weeks ago, and that pastry chef has not lost her groove! Between the four of us, we split three: the chocolate brownie, a mango sticky rice (special) and a nutella custard with a chocolate-hazelnut brittle that could stand on its own merits. Annnnd we ate it all.
Oh, and I know the bread is good, but do your best not to let them bring you another round. The savory part of the dining experience is just as stellar. We needed two orders of escargot to satisfy our party of four because it was in such high demand, and that was in addition to an incredible duck confit, a saliva-inducing lamb and pasta dish and a carpaccio amuse bouche. The best main I've encountered here is the hangar steak - a hit every time. If it's yours, you'll probably have to bat some hands away if you want to keep any for yourself. However, the grilled tuna on special that night gave the steak a run for it's money. 
When I wasn't sure which wine I wanted, the server let me taste the two I was considering. Always a big help.
To try to recover at least some of my credibility, let me mention the only low I experienced both times. Slow service. 
I don't get to New Orleans often but Lilette is top on my list.Lovely spot well down Magazine in the Garden District. The Lillet Rouge cocktail was refreshing, the tomato and mozzarella salad was so good and fresh, the pork belly BLT was rich and satisfying, and my wifes sizzling shrimp was decadent.  Worth the walk.On a trip to New Orleans, I had the pleasure of dining at Lilette for a nice romantic dinner. Everything from the food to the cocktails to the excellent service was right on point, and I can see why Lilette is highly touted.Definitely one of my favorite local restaurants. Every time we visit, we enjoy ourselves. The staff, the food, the drinks, the atmosphere - all 5 stars on every visit. We've tried many menu items, and I recommend anything you think sounds tasty, especially the specials. My favorites are any dish with their gnocchi and the nutella custard dessert. The meal is not complete until I've had the nutella custard - it is absolutely amazing - possibly the best dessert I've ever had at any restaurant. The gnocchi is always pillowy soft, but still has a nice chew to it as it should. The atmosphere is cozy without being old/stuffy. Velvet lines the walls, and the music is soothly as it plays in the back ground. Exactly what you expect from fine dinning, without feeling too formal. The staff are very attentive without being over bearing or pushy; always super friendly and knowledgeable. Thank you for always making our visits special!I feel so lucky that Lilette is my go to neighborhood restaurant for a nice meal or lovely lunch. The atmosphere alone, particularly on a sunny day when the enormous windows give view to lovely stretch of Magazine street. The cuisine is mostly elevated bistro fare with Mediterranean flourishes, full flavor amid elegant presentation. The food is always full flavored and seafood of any description is particularly excellent and desserts are uniformly marvelous.
I've heard some complain that the menu rarely changes (though there are always daily specials) but this constancy can be an asset...truly comforting, welcoming, and delightful.Wow. This is by far the best/nicest/most upscale restaurant that I have ever been to. And it was fantastic. We ate and drank a lot. Here is what we had:
Oysters special- we ordered a dozen, which was $38. Expensive, yes, but very good. Served as the French do- with a red wine vinaigrette I believe, and a slice of lemon. I think I may have enjoyed the oysters the most, but I can't say for sure because everything was phenomenal. 
White Truffle Parmigiano toast: delicious, although the portion was smaller than I would have liked for $13. Yeah, I know- french portions. But still- only one small slice of toast. I must say though- The sauce and the wild mushrooms were to die for. 
Seared Kobe Beef belly- so delicious, flavorful and tender!!! Who would ever think to put cilantro and peanuts with beef?! But it works and it works wonderfully. 
Braised beef cheeks- Wow. So tender, rich, and delicious. There is a lot of gnocchi in this dish, so its filling- I could only eat a few bites after all the other stuff we had eaten! But this dish was even good when I reheated it in the microwave two days later! The meat is so tender you could eat it with a spoon. Yum. 
Nutella Custard: I think this may have been the best dessert I have ever had. Seriously. Every part of this dessert is heaven. You are dumb if you go here and don't order this. I never get dessert when I eat at restaurants but I made an exception for this. And so should you. 
The service was excellent. We had several people help with bread, wine, etc, aside from our waitress, so we were never left waiting for anything. The food came out excellently timed- we weren't rushed through our courses, nor were we waiting too long for anything. They have a large wine list if you are ordering by the bottle. We got a 2009 Chateau Baret and it was delightful and smooth. 
I highly recommend this restaurant if you have some money to drop. The food is fantastic and to be savored. Enjoy!Best lunch I have had in a very long time.  Great neighborhood, nice decor, good service, and excellent food.  When we sat down they brought the most delicious rolls, hot out of the oven and we knew the place would be good. We had cocktails, wine, appetizers, main course, dessert, coffee-all for lunch!
Roasted beets and escargot appetizers were great. The duck confit was almost perfect (almost slightly dry), a solid 9 out of 10 with a nice crispy edge and roasted pears. My husband is convinced that the veal cheeks with gnocchis is one of the best dishes he has ever had and he is a serious gnocchi (ñoquis) critic.
The best dish of the day, however, was dessert. We split the Quenelles of goat cheese creme fraiche with lavender honey,  pistachios, poached pears. So simple, so incredibly delicious.  The quenelles just melt in your mouth, not sweet but balanced with the honey.  It's really enough for 2 if you have had a decent size lunch because it is very rich. 
Great cocktails as well, especially the Ward 8.One of my clients, local to NOLA, strongly recommended Lilette and wow, was he on the money.  We had the pleasure of visiting them last night and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  While what they offerred was not wildly unique, their execution was nearly perfect.
Starting with pan-fried Shishito peppers, followed by the chilled sweet corn broth (with lump crab meat and avacado, nonetheless) and an entree of their grilled poulet, each was fantastic in its own way.  I was impressed by their wine list and selection by the glass.
Let's also give some credit to their service staff - very prompt and professional.  What I really respect about these guys is that when they need something from the table (i.e., an entree order), they are not afraid to politely interrupt.
Also, nice atmosphere - a blend of antiquity and modern touches.  Very tasteful.They made accommodations outside for my Sister's birthday and the place was SO romantic and not loud like most places. The food was wonderful and the blueberry dessert was really good.  They really made my Sister's birthday a great memory.I went for a Birthday dinner and the food is delicious and the service is superb. The only criticism is that unless you are sat in a booth, each party is pretty close to each other. I could hear the conversation of the group next to me all evening which doesn't make for a very intimate date night. Other than the seating proximity to the rest of the patrons, the food and wait staff make up for it.Our waiter had a sexy North African accent and a substantial mustache! He suggested we try Lilette's grilled beets, with goat cheese and walnuts, I thought "No, you are wrong. A beet and goat cheese dish is on every menu and I'm over it"  Oh man, I was so wrong and that sexy waiter was so right.  I would have made-out with him to express my gratitude, but he must disappeared, which was not great. 
The toast with wild mushrooms, marrow and veal glace was my favorite dish by far.  I thought the duck confit wasn't bad, but it just tasted like duck on lettuce to me.  Other people have told me I was wrong. I think those people just like to say "confit" out loud.  I don't love crab typically, but I'd eat a bucket of Lilette's crabclaws.  I think crab with the passionfruit butter really worked.  Kale salad with pistachios was also great. 
I passed on the entrees.  
For dessert, I tried the strawberry shortcake with fresh shortbread AND the nutella with caramel custard.  I preferred the latter b/c I like desserts like my men, rich, dark and full of caramel.TERRIBLE SERVICE!! Our waitress was too busy helping other customers. Following a 35 minute wait to order, she was clearly irritated when we asked questions about the menu and then abruptly stopped taking our order to go help her other customers. While the food was wonderful this waitress really impacted our meal and it would have been so much more enjoyable with better service.So I've eaten here several times and always loved the food, the desserts and the mixed drinks. Last visit I had 10 people so I ordered wine. The list had no recognizable wines. I ordered a $100 bottle and it was awful. I paid for it but had them remove the glasses and ordered a$300 bottle. If you know wine ratings it was about a 75... which is like as low as it goes. We drank it but I felt hosed. I don't know the owner but if you read this please get 5 good to great wines in each major category. You have a 5 * restaurant EXCEPT for the wine. You'd be better off killing the wine list. Your cocktails are top rate. Please fix this.Had dinner on a busy Saturday night in April.  Our reservations were at 9:30 so we enjoyed some cocktails at Bouligny Tavern next door which is the same owner.  It was excellent.  We walked over and were promptly seated.  Our meal was excellent.  The menu was as exciting as any I have seen in NOLA but where we had issues was the service.  Our waiter had as little enthusium as I have ever seen.  I tend to really enjoy hearing about the options, especially at a top notch place like Lilette, but he never really seemed to get engaged with us.  We did have a late reservation and it may have just been one of those days, but in a city with amazing dining options, I expect the top tier to pair that with amazing service.  I will chalk it up to just an off night on service and I look forward to going back sometime soon.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  The entrees are good but the starters are fantastic... I usually order three in lieu of an entree.I found this restaurant on  a recommend from a local ,as I'm visiting New Orleans .
I found it to be a bit pretentious and the food average, I had the special appetizer, a Toro which wasn't super fresh fish but it was fine , had the arugula salad which was a mistake and the squab, which was good but was so turned off by the vibes
From  was my server , it made my dining experience a total bummer.
I sat at the bar and was dining alone , she offered little in terms of the New Orleans hospitality I have grown accustomed to as I've been here for over a month and have one more month left on my visit .
I adore the New Orleans vibe but did not get it here !
Nor do they Have New Orleans style cuisine, but a mediocre attempt at French.
Her recommendations were off and if there's was salad offered as a side on my squab she should have recommended a soup or some other warm appetizer , she was just so unpleasant 
Won't be coming back or recommend this place to anyone traveling to NOLA, there's so many good restaurants here , don't botherChef John Harris can flat out cook and although this spot has only been open 14 years it's a staple for New Orleans uptown foodies. It's an elegant and modern dining room with food and service that aims to please. I'm guilty of often going to his swank craft cocktail bar, Bouligny Tavern next door for more casual dining but Lilette is a great spot with the food almost always being on. I couldn't decide to give this one a 4 or a 5 but the peer pressure of it's popularity and the diligence of Chef John Harris makes me feel comfortable giving it the 5!!Had a reservation and got seated right away. Food was delicious but the truffled toast appetizer stole the show! Would definitely go back again.My wife and had dinner for our anniversary.  Lilette is romantic and we had a great time.  The lighting is pretty dim, so be prepared for that.  It is also a little cramped in the room.  We sat at a table for 2 near the bar.  Sometimes I felt like people at the bar were right on top of me.  
A booth would have been more private.
All of the dishes were very well prepared.  We stared with the grilled beets appetizer.  It was very good.
For the entrée, I had the lamp shank and my wife had the duck breast.  Her entrée was better than mine, but both were done well.  We finished up with the apple bread and coffee. It was delicious.
I wish I could give 4.5 starts. Lilette is very good, but not "As good as it gets!"Lilette is a lovely neighborhood bistro that locals are lucky to have, and worth the cab fare for visitors staying in the Quarter or Central Business District.
We arrived via cab from the French Quarter for a Saturday lunch on a beautiful early November day.  We took advantage of the 60 / 70 degree day to eat outside in the gorgeous outdoor garden space in the back.  It was quiet, with a view of the street and French music playing over the speakers.
We perused the lunch menu and waited for the server.  What struck me first was the extensive selection of Rhone wines - my favorite region.  Around 10 options, which was a large portion of the modest list.  And excellent options they were, but the mark-ups were higher than Rhones I have seen on other menus, particularly in Chicago, so be warned on that point.  
We opted for cocktails and beer and rose.  The cocktails were delicous, Jenlain is available by the bottle, and the rose is full bodied and crisp.  All delicious lunch drinks, complementing our appetizers and burgers.  The king crab claws in passion fruit butter was every bit the perfection you would expect.  The meat was sweet and tender, and the butter was light and delicious.
Burgers were great, too.  Kobe beef, medium rare, with French comte cheese.  Lovely & followed by nutella and bread pudding dessert.  The nutella pudding is simply dreamy.
Getting a cab back to the Quarter can be a challenge.  The staff will happily call, but whether the cabs will respond, well . . . we ended up using Taxi Magic.  Hopefully soon New Orleans will have Uber.  Until then. . . enjoy the pleasant weather and scenery.The food here is great. It was our server's first day and he was good. We had the sizzling shrimp and lobster bake appetizers, Italian wedding soup, the duck entree, and Nutella custard. Everything was fabulous. 
HOWEVER. From the reservation time to when we were seated was 45 minutes. The hostess told us to sit at the bar, but this was impossible due to tight spacing. Hostess said, "oh yeah.. that happens.. well you can't stand at the door". So she actually made us leave and go to the bar next door. Of course, the table was ready once I had just received a drink at this bar next door. 
Once seated, the table was very tight (same spot as the impossible bar seating). I basically had to get up for the lady sitting at the bar to leave. You're only about 1 foot away from the tables next to you as well, which is really uncomfortable. You can hear every word of the conversation, like sitting next to someone in a small car. Even the waiter struggled to get around. If you're claustrophobic, this is not the place for you. On the other hand, this is best food I've had in Nola.I came in for lunch today. At first the bill was really high, but then I noticed we ordered 3 appetizers and 4 glasses of wine. So, let my first start off by saying the price for presentation and taste gets 10 stars. Keep in mind, this place is higher end, but it's affordable high end. 
Appetizers - We ordered the escargot, duck, and beets. The escargot was amazing. Presentation was great and the sauce was perfect for dipping bread. So, make sure you ask for more bread. The duck appetizer came as a single leg, topped with spinach, apple slices, and dried onions. They could not pick a better combination. It was just perfect and the flavors complimented the duck so well. I did not try the beets because I can never get myself to enjoy that taste and aroma. Which brings me to why I have this restaurant 4 out of 5 stars. Yeah, I know. Darn it! But let's be fair here. There was a reason for it. 
Entrees - We ordered the drum, hanger steak, and flounder. I had the flounder. Everyone of our plates were almost eaten to the last crumb. From what I heard, my next visit, I will have to order the hanger steak. My flounder was amazing. Flounder is always amazing. The sauce that came with the dish was delicious. Who do I have to bribe to get that recipe? Anywho, back to the situation. Upon eating my dish, more than halfway through, I noticed a funny taste. One that I hate. It was a piece of beet the size of a pea. Originally, my entree comes with beets. I asked them to not put it on my platter. I was given broccoli instead. I love broccoli. There are a lot of things I don't like that I don't mind, but I cannot stand the taste of beets. Somehow a piece landed on my plate before the flounder was set on top of the broccoli. The sauce for the beat came with it as well. It had mixed under my fish and made the rest of my dinner not so perfect. Luckily, dessert saved the day. 
Dessert - I can't remember what everyone else ordered because I was too busy glazing into my butter cream cake. The dessert had a scoop of pistachio ice cream and a nice drip of citrusy sauce along with a few piece of satsumas. AMAZING! Best dessert I have had in a while. 
Atmosphere - It was crowded but not too loud. The servers were busy. We were there for 2 hours, but that time was spent among great conversation material. 
Service - The staff there was nice. The hostess got us our table promptly as soon as we walked in and announced our reservation. I could tell our waiter had some years of experience under her belt the way she worked. 
Overall - So, why not 5 stars? Aaaah it's that darn beet again. Sorry, I hate it. Had it been an allergen, this lunch could have been worse. I hope this review will help make some few minor changes to avoid that. So, why make a big deal? Well, if it was a hard piece of food, I would have taken it off the plate and nothing what happen. This beet and its sauce smeared all over the plate. I have a picture but I will not post it. This restaurant is good enough to not have that burden of a customer plastering bad images on its business. Let's end this on the note it deserves. Great restaurant. Great food. One mistake will not keep me from coming back. I will return. And with a bigger appetite.While the setting of this restaurant is beautiful and welcoming, I thought Lilette had mediocre food with bad service (at exorbitant prices). I went here with friends but was quite disappointed. First, we'd made a reservation for the (lovely) patio but ended up being seated 45 minutes after our reservation time. I realize these things are unpredictable, but an apology or acknowledgment would have helped. For the price level, the service was not great either. Running out of bread and water, etc. happened several times. I had the beef cheeks with gnocchi and was not impressed. Extremely salty and not very flavorful the way braised meats should be, in my opinion. The hanger steak was fine but no better than Bacchanal or Mariza (where the same dish is half the price). All in all a rather disappointing experience.The Yelp average for Lilette (as of this writing) is 4 stars.  I've noticed that almost every Yelp Elite review is 4 stars as well.  That is pretty spot on for Lilette.
I had the Coq au Vin.  It was 4 star worthy but for $18 you get a let and a thigh...  Considering that they are giving you about $0.50 worth of chicken, you would think you could get an extra leg....
My friend had the grilled swordfish (it replaced the regular menu fish item for the day).  It came with a small salad but after we were done eating, he wanted to go to Smoothie King because he was still hungry.  It think the fish was about ~$22.
They purchase their bread from Breads on Oak and it is very good, however, we keep having to ask the waitress for more bread because she would only give us single pieces at a time.  After the 5th time my friend asked for some more bread you would think she would just ask if we would like some bread for the table.Lilette has a great bistro atmosphere. The servers are pleasant and the menu is a nice relief from the standard Nola fair. However, the food is ok. It's not bad but it is certainly not great which is a shame at the price point. I wish they would focus a little more on the food execution so I can add Lilette to a regular spot.great appetizers 
good food 
yummy dessert 
$25 corkage fee. WHAT? 
the server was nice enough to waive the atrocious corkage fee, hence the 4 stars
the food was very goodGo for lunch - really, I think lunch is probably where it's at because if you go for dinner you'll be thinking that your dinner priced entree really would have been perfect as a lunch - so you might as well just go then and save yourself the internal dialogue.  In fact, I will go again to Lilette - but ONLY for lunch.
I have a few bones to pick with Lilette, but it should be noted that the best part of the evening, besides my awesome dining companions, was the following items:
1. Potato gnocchi with sage brown butter and parmigiano cream appetizer - MY GOD - we could have stopped there and been done with it all it was so flipppin' good.  One quote of the evening from a converted smoker: "Forget having a cigarette in the morning - I would just need to eat one of these to start my day off"  The gnocchi was rich, creamy and full of flavor and made you close your eyes and savor with each bite.
2. The bread -  Warm rolls with spreadable butter that was incredibly satisfying - we kept asking for more.
O.k., the bones I chose to pick over: 
1. Lost in Translation: The overall comment of the evening is that their menu descriptions really didn't translate AT ALL to what ended up on our plates.  Sure, the steak looked and tasted like steak, but my seared pork belly (yes, I like that sort of thing) turned out to be in a salad bowl where it was weighted to the bottom of my pea greens with the accompanying melon and I had to pick through to find it.  "Wait, did I order a salad?" I thought.  Huh.  The escargot appetizer was unceremoniously plated on top of toast (didn't realize that) and entirely too rich in the calvados cream.  And the potatoes served with the Kobe beef special looked like home fries.  Hmmm... not one item we ordered seemed to live up to the visuals that the menu provided.
2. Cocktails: fine, but not outstanding.  I had the Antonine and wished it had been served in a double old fashioned glass instead of the water glass with jumbo straw.
3. Dessert:  Easily skippable.  The peach tart spent a wee bit too much time under the blow torch (burnt sugar smell was overwhelming) and could barely taste any delicate peach flavor at all.  The chocolate brioche bread pudding made us all laugh (yes, it was tasty) but really - was this what we ordered?  What is this?  Wait, do you have a menu to compare it with?  Again.... lost in translation.
4. Veggie options: Usually I don't need to be offered any vegetarian options as I am a happy meat eater... but I was surprised that they didn't have one entree option that was meat or fish free.  One of my dining companions who is not the biggest meat eater had to cobble together a couple of appetizers for her meal.  It shouldn't have to be that way at all.We had a lovely dinner for two last night. The food and drinks were very good, but even better was the service, in particular our waitress (Tracy, I believe). She was absolutely spot-on and truly made the night - knowledgeable, intuitive, punctual, and extremely pleasant. King crab claws with passionfruit butter and burrata with anchovy and citrus stood out. Highly recommended!Been here twice.  Both times utterly fantastic food.  Must return soon!  Not cheap, but EVERYTHING was fantastic.  Last night, I had the crab claws which were divine.  The ribeye special was perfect.  The Sauvingnon blanc was really good.  The cab was very good as well.  Service was excellent.  This is a well run restaurant.  Got a little loud near the end of the meal when the room filled up.  The goat cheese and pear dessert was fantastic as well.  Highly recommended.  Will be back as budget permits.lilette is on its way to being a new orleans classic. friendly staff and great food. would definitely recommend to anyone. 
my ONLY complaint is the tables in the middle of the main dining room. we were REALLY close to the people next to us. it was not totally distracting, but i would like not to literally bump elbows with the table next to us. next time i know what to ask for on the reservation.Went for NYE dinner, early seating.  Food was outstanding, wine pairings were great.   I had the tempura langoustines, raviolo, and Kobe beef w wild mushroom risotto.  We're normally not fans of holiday prix fixes, but this one was nicely done.  Service felt a pinch off (fast paced at first, then gaps), but nothing I wouldn't attribute to the nature of NYE.   Tab can get expensive in a hurry, but would definitely go back, great food and warm, friendly vibe.I visited Lilette on 5/5/12 while in town for Jazz Fest.  Our reservations had been made way in advance and the night of we ran into some major traffic but luckily they were also running a little behind.  When we arrived we were greeted warmly and asked if we wanted to sit inside or out on the patio.  We chose the patio because while it's a lovely restaurant and the A/C was kicking, it did feel a bit too loud.  So we were shown to our table in the back and we loved it.  lots of ivy and white lights.  and there was a slight breeze which was nice.
Caitlin was our server and she was great!  Very knowledgeable about the menu and wine.  She was attentive without being intrusive.
I started with the White truffle parmigiano toast with wild mushrooms, marrow and veal glace.  Holy caboly!!! one of the best things i've ever eaten in my life!  freakin' delicious!  My friend had the San Marzano tomato soup with gnocchetti, kale, squash and fried brussels sprouts and it was quite tasty.  For entrees I had the Grilled lamb sirloin with a salad of arugula, fried chickpeas, roasted peppers, onions, and balsamic vinaigrette.  It was perfectly grilled and juicy.  My friend had the seared 6 oz. Australian Kobe New York strip with duck fat, roasted potatoes and gremolata & it was one of the best bites of red meat I've had.  For dessert we shared the Nutella custard with fleur de sel, caramel cream, and chocolate-hazelnut brittle.  Every bite was so yummy!
I would highly recommend ya try this place!My dashing husband brought me here for a birthday lunch after I'd been yearning to go forever. It turns out he knew one of the chefs and so we were sent some delicious short rib lagniappe.
I decided to go with two appetizers so that I wouldn't pass out after lunch, unlike my husband, who had a duck appetizer and a steak for an entree. I had some marvelous gnocchi in a tomato sauce and then the famed crab claws and passionfruit butter. That butter was so sublime, I would lick it right off of Bourbon Street. Honestly, the crab wasn't all that, kind of stringy. It's okay though because that butter...oh my. 
I was sorely disappointed in dessert. We had a Nutella custard and it was GRAY in color and about as flavorful as gray sounds. How do you muck up Nutella? Confusing. Anyway, it is a beautiful space and I'd love to go back for dinner one day.I've dined here a few times but last night was extra special. A good friend of mine asked me where we should go for our little reunion and I immediately recommended this place. We started out with their boulevardier cocktail, and it was paradise from there. 
The escargot is a MUST and the duck confit was cooked to perfection! We split the Whole Fish as our entree, which was a beautiful piece of heavenly flounder that makes my mouth water just thinking about it! 
We took our time and finished off with the chocolate mouse that was sided with passion fruit sorbet (again, heavenly) and 2 glasses of Fernet Branca.  This place gets 5 stars forever in my book! 
Bonus*** The owner is a total babe!!!Lilette's was recommended to us by a local and we couldn't have enjoyed it more!
Its a lovely little restaurant, away from the business district, and reservations are a must.
The service was attentive and friendly; the food delicious.
With 6 of us, we started with appetizers and sampled the hanger steak tartare, grilled beets, duck confit, white truffle toast with mushrooms - all were exquisitely prepared. 
Then we enjoyed the roasted poulet (good but typical chicken breast), the hanger steak (excellent), the lamb (very good), the duck breast (perfection), and a fish.
We ended the meal with an assortment of desserts - nutella custard, chocolate bread pudding, a napolean flaky torte - they were all divine and each of us had a favorite.I felt great at this place. The food the service and the place gave such positive vibes. Our lunch lasted 3 hours. 
This is just a fun place to hang and enjoy food and good company. 
Love Love this place.I worked here from 2003-2004. I never tired of the food even though I saw it on a daily basis! 
It's an italian/ french bistro setting where you'll see many "ladies who lunch" and romantic dinner dates at night. The space used to be a pharmacy with high vaulted ceilings and it's been tastefully remodelled into a spacious dining room with tile floors and tin ceilings. It can get a little loud on a weekend night but it's got a good, lively vibe and makes for a good destination restaurant.
If you go for lunch, try the GRILLED BEET SALAD with goat cheese. Grilling beets gives them a nice smokiness and people who don't like beets like this salad. My favorite sandwich was the PULLED PORK SANDWICH. It's sooooo freakin' tasty! It's served on toasted bread with a garlic aioli. The french fries that come with the sandwich are pretty damn good too.
For dinner, have the CRAB CLAWS IN PASSIONFRUIT BUTTER as an appetizer. You cannot go wrong with this. Also, the ARUGULA SALAD with shaved parmesan is basic but a favorite of mine. The SIZZLING SHRIMP with lemon and oregano is awesome and finger licking good. You'll find the BEST DUCK CONFIT in town here and it's served over a bed of greens. As for entrees, I usually went with whatever grilled fish special he had that night because I have a tendency to over order on the appetizers. I usually eat lots of apps and a lite entree if any. 
Cocktails here are tasty and sitting at the bar for lunch or dinner is an option too. Lilette was rated among the top 5 restaurants by the local Times Picayune back in 2004. I'm sure it's still just as good. If you get there, see if "Michelle" is still managing and tell her you read "Allison's" review on yelp!One of my favorite places.  It can be light but tasteful.  Surroundings are great.  Sometimes loud at night but worth it.My husband and I had a lovely evening at Lilette for our wedding anniversary. The restaurant itself has a very classy and cozy interior, reminiscent of the brasseries I've seen in Paris. There's also a cute courtyard--complete with vine covered fences and orange string lights to create an intimate mood--that's perfect for a romantic dinner for two. I definitely recommend dining in the courtyard if you want a quiet meal, even if it's chilly. It wasn't overly loud inside, but I think the closeness of the tables made it seem louder.
The service was great from start to finish; though it was a very busy night, the hostess, our main waiter, and other waitstaff were attentive and made sure our needs were taken care of. Our waiter informed us that it would take awhile for our food to arrive and apologized for it many times, but still went that extra step by comping our dessert, which was a pleasant surprise. 
We ordered the braised lamb shoulder and roasted muscovy duck breast, and finished the night with the quenelles of goat cheese creme fraiche. While our entrees were delicious and worth the wait (try the braised lamb if only for the semolina gnocchi), the star of the night was the quenelles. For the rest of our stay in New Orleans, I kept wishing I could go back just to order that. The goat cheese was perfectly light and fluffy, with almost a mousse like texture, and the lavender honey added just the right amount of sweetness. The pistachios sprinkled on top provided a nice crunch, though I would have preferred a different kind of nut, or at least pistachios that weren't quite so roasted. All in all a very delicious dinner, and good value for the price. Oh, I also ordered a green tea (came with a small shortbread cookie--cute!), which had a great robust flavor unlike most other green tea I've had at non-Asian restaurants, but I wish they had removed the leaves before bringing the pot to our table. It quickly over brewed and I couldn't finish the tea due to how bitter it became.My go to restaurant in the neighborhood I was living Uptown.  The sizzling shrimp is a must try.  I usually had the crab claws, sizzling shrimp, Italian wedding soup, hearts of palm salad and the hanger steak (of course not all at one time).  I was recommended to Lilette's by a local - it became an immediate favorite of mine.  I went there often when I didn't feel like venturing down to the french quarter or wanted a meal that was extremely heavy.  Quaint outside seating and a very nice bar too.  If you happen to be visiting New Orleans, Uptown - I suggest to give them a try!  And they bring out warm bread as well.Lilette is a beautiful restaurant with very good food, but it isn't my favorite in the city. We're fairly experienced with fine dining and both of us felt like something was a little lacking. Food was good but not as extraordinary as we had hoped, and the service was incredibly slow even by fine dining standards (50 minutes between ordering and appetizers, for instance). It didn't help that we were seated by a huge table of obnoxiously loud people in town for a conference or something, so it was pretty impossible to even talk. 
I'd go back, but only if someone else really wanted to try it.Always a great meal, or just drinks and deserts. Never know who you're going to see, from Top Chef judges to movie folks in town to shoot, to local celebs. Quiet and understated, but always great. 
We sit at the bar, share an app or two, have a glass of wine or two, but always, ALWAYS end our trip with the Nutella custard and caramel cream. Comes with a house-made chocolate bar. Lovely, lovely dish - never fails.Had lunch there last Thursday. We had a group of six and had reservations. The service could not have been better and the lunch selections were great. I had a glass of wine and the Kobe burger which was very good. My wife and I both said we will definitely come back here.I had extremely high expectations last night.  I had heard nothing but great things about Lilette, but ho-hum, was extremely disappointed.  I will begin with the positives: the raw fish and mushroom, veal, and white truffle app were outstanding, and the bread pudding with chamomile ice cream made me want to lick the plate, but the main courses  especially the drum and lamb were something to be expected at Applebee's.  My medium rare lamb arrived cool, full of gristle, and flavorless,  and the drum tasted jerked and smothered in yogurt-flavor combination's not at all appealing.  We also ordered our appetizers and meal at the same time because as we were told by the waitstaff, "we're really busy and the cooks have requested the entire order at the same time." Hmmm.  My advice, order several appetizers and dessert and skip the main courses.I just discovered this restaurant during my visit to New Orleans last weekend.  Unfortunately, we had already snacked at two other places since our reservation wasn't til 9:15 and hence were not really hungry anymore. The two of us managed to dig into the escargot (got my son to try them for the first time ever!!!!) and the beef cheeks. Both were fantastic, and thus deserved two bottles of red wine to go along with them.  I wished we had had some room for the pork belly, the sweet breads or the squab ... well, next time!Oh wow! One of the best dining experiences I have had. I loved this place, I've lived in NOLA my whole life and have been wanting to try this place forever and finally did for my friend's birthday. So glad we went there. The wait was an hour longer than our reservation because the people at the table before us wouldn't leave, but that was okay because we just went next door to The Bouligny Tavern for some fantastic cocktails to pass the time. Once we were seated we were greeted by the very friendly waiter and his helper, and the maitre d', who was very appologetic for our wait, was eager to get our drinks flowing. We ordered an array of appetizers, my favorites being the antipasti and the short ribs, but we also had oysters, duck confit, and gnocchi. They were all great. Then as my entree I had the Braciola, can I just say mmmmmmmm. I didn't even need a knife to get into that meat, and it was over polenta with a delicious marinara over the whole thing. I need to go back to try other things! My only complaint, ( I'm not going to deduct a star for it because I was so pleased with my experience,) where is the local seafood on the menu!! Everything was from Alaska or Hawaii or some other far off place. No worries though, it's not keeping the crowd away and I'll be back.What a pleasant little restaurant!  Came here for dinner a couple weeks ago with family, suggested by my bro-in-law.  Definitely a small place, but the food and service was very nice!  
For a small place, the menu offered a good variety of apps, small plates, and entrees.  We each ordered something different and each dish was very tasty!  Of course, thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I got the skirt steak..YUM-MEEE!  I also got the special heirloom tomato salad which was a perfect summer app - very light and refreshing.  
Now the service...the service was more of a 3 star - I had to ask several times to have my iced tea refilled, and when we had a couple questions, we couldn't find our server.
The dessert..THE DESSERT!! You MUST order this dessert..the Nutella dessert!!  It has a salted caramel goodness which you cannot pass up!!
Overall, it was a very pleasant and nice summer dinner.  I look forward to our next time at Lilette!!
PS:  (Lilette is reminiscent of Patois, but I prefer Lilette over Patois).One of the best brunches I've ever had
Located right on Magazine street, Lilette had the perfect combination of food quality, service and environment that we look for.
We each shared the Gnocchi, the Kobe Burger and Lobster on Brioche.
All highly recommended.
The garden seating is beautiful and I would highly recommend LiletteWe went with a group of nine people and everyone was really happy with their food. I had the cod and highly recommend it. All the seafood dishes I tasted were excellent. And if you're getting dessert, go for the panna cotta. I really liked the atmosphere--small and classy with great naturally new orleans service. This is a great French meal, but definitely one you have to save up for.Delicious food and drinks, great atmosphere, and friendly waitstaff. I enjoyed my meal here -- the potato gnocchi appetizer and then the marrow and veal glace, which was outstanding. I got the chocolate bread pudding for desert and it was very good. Our waiter was helpful and had some great wine recommendations as well.Service was great. Food was fantastic. Apps, treys, zerts, all bomb dot com! Highly recommend!I've been hearing great things about this place for years, but with 2 small children, it takes us a while to get to all the nice restaurants on our must-do list. Wow was it worth the wait, and worthy of a special-occassion dinner! The whole staff was friendly, knowledgeable and quite pleasant no matter how busy they were.
The food was incredible, starting with the best escargot ever, and some perfectly-mixed cocktails. My husband ordered the halibut literally, "just for the halibut." He would have ordered steamed sawdust if he could make a dumb joke about it. That's how he makes his menu selections. Luckily it just happened to be delicious. Since I couldn't order what I really wanted--the duck (because it was a Friday in Lent), I ordered two appetizers, the sizzling shrimp and the grilled beets. The beets were served with goat cheese and walnuts, and I'll be dreaming about them for a long time. The shrimp were in a perfectly-sized portion, 4 jumbo shrimp in a hot iron skillet. I was kind of proud of myself for pairing these two great appetizers into one amazing entrée. We skipped dessert to head over to La Divina which was a tragic mistake (you can check out that review if you want to save yourself from a dessert fail: http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-divina-gelateria-new-orleans?hrid=QsmB4eeFBAYwc47c4Rs1yw).
My only complaint was that it wasn't as intimate and romantic as we would have liked, and that was probably just because it was our first time, and next time we'll try to get a more private table, perhaps in the pretty courtyard. Or we'll bring another couple so we can get one of those generous, cozy booths. Most of their 2-tops are lined up very close to one another like you'd find in a busy New York restaurant, which is not our preference on a date-night. But we will be back. It was a great dinner!Lilette was recommended to me on more than one occasion and I finally made it a point to try it out. The steak tartare was delicious but the shape on my plate reminded me of cat food...not sure everyone would still dive in after first sight. My halibut special was cooked to perfection and accompanied by lovely brussel sprouts. Wish I knew how they did that...I'd eat a lot more brussel sprouts if so. My date's duck was a little less exciting since the breast was cut so thinly and across the grain. I was still impressed enough to order dessert and I was happy to eat every bite of the chocolate goodness. Was this the best place I've eaten in New Orleans...no. But it was certainly worth a stop or maybe two.This place is a elegant and cozy spot uptown. Food was pretty tasty, but portions were small. The waygu beef entree was very good. However, the bill was astronomical. I've had better meals for much less in New Orleans. Would probably not recommend to a friend.I've now eaten here twice and Lilette is my favorite NOLA restaurant.
The night before we had eaten at a very old, very doughty NOLA tradition in the French Quarter.  It was a culinary museum.  Lilette is a culinary masterpiece.
Here's the deal:  Lilette is a small, stylish restaurant on Magazine Street in the Garden District.  From the moment we walked in on a bitter cold night, the warmth of the restaurant enveloped us both figuratively and literally.  The tables are fairly close tougher but the sound level was low enough that my friend and I could actually talk to each other.
The server whose name I unfortunately can't recall -- a wisp of a young women with strong views about what to order and how to eat it -- was fantastic.  She asked what we kind of food we like, the taste we were looking for, and guided us toward the perfect choices. 
We start with specialty drinks from the bar, followed by four small pates, and finished with the excellent artisanal cheese selection.  The plates were white truffle parmesan toast, duck confit, sautéed sweetbreads and tagliolini pasta.  
We left the restaurant refreshed, content, amazed by the range of labors and textures, and completely satisfied, but not stuffed.
Do not miss Lilette.  But get a reservation.  And ask for a booth if you don't like crowds.The food was good.   I was expecting more of a French plate but was not disappointed.  The duck confit salad was outstanding.  I would strongly recommend the grill beets as an appetizer.Came here for our Valentine's dinner while staying in New Orleans for the weekend.. A great quality meal for the price definitely. Highly recommend the cheese plate (amazing selection!) and the truffle toast (to die for). My lamb shoulder was perfectly cooked and seasoned and my boyfriends duck was tender and perfectly seared. Great wine selection- also their cocktails are nicely mixed. A wonderfully intimate experience in a charming wine-red room that anyone would enjoy. Thanks Lilette for making our Valentine's dinner so enjoyable!Lilette is a really cute restaurant.  My friends and I had a grand time.  There were three of us which was perfect for this quaint little restaurant.
For an appetizer I got the potato gnocchi with sage brown butter and parmigiano cream which was fabulous.  The gnocchi literally melted in your mouth.  Once the gnocchi was gone, we were dipping our bread into the leftover cream sauce.
For my entree I got the roasted Muscovy duck breast with Tuscan kale, butternut squash, sage, and satsuma coriander jus.  That was also excellent and the duck was cooked perfectly.
The best part was the dessert.  Each of us picked a different dessert to get one and we all shared.  Between the three of us we got the quenelles of goats cheese crème fraiche with poached pears, pistachios and lavender honey, the chocolate brioche bread pudding with Earl Grey ice cream and orange caramel, and the Nutella custard with fleur de sel, caramel cream and chocolate-hazelnut brittle.
I'm not a huge fan of goat cheese but it went really well with the pears.  The nutella custard was really good as well but my favorite dessert by far was the chocolate brioche bread pudding.  Not your typical bread pudding but SO GOOD.  I really want to go back just for that... and the gnocchi...
Really, we had a great time and I would definitely come back.This is the 2nd time I have dined here...one was a group lunch to celebrate a baptism and yesterday was a nice lunch with friends.
This has an authentic Parisian cafe feel to it...the tile floors, wooden sideboards and cheerful lighting belie an anything but traditional menu which is innovative and delicious.
For lunch I had the grilled beets with walnuts and cheese. I know that may not sound inventive but the twist was the grilled...almost blackened beets and it was delicious. My companions had the sizzling shrimp which was delightful.
I followed with the avocado, onion, basil tomato salad. It was perfect!  The balance of freshness and flavor made me wish I could have gone back for another today! I had a glass of rosé from their wine by the glass list and it was perfect too. 
I split the dark chocolate brownie with cherry ice cream atop for dessert. It, too, was delicious.  Last time we had the pastry chef make a cake with lemon filling as dessert for the post baptism lunch. Their pastry chef is very talented. I do wish there would have been cake on the menu as an option, it's darned good at Lilette!
Such an elegant part of the city's dining scene and a great departure from the often obnoxious overdone-New-Orleans-feel which can permeate the restaurant scene if we let it.
Can't wait for my next meal hereI've eaten here at lunch many times and dinner a few times and always enjoyed nearly everything I've had here.  The one thing I didn't really enjoy was the burger but I've only sampled the burger at lunch once and it wasn't among my favorites (it isn't a bad burger it just doesn't compare to others in its pricey category).  They also make some fantastic cocktails and it always seems to be a fun place to enjoy a meal.  The biggest issue here is the parking which can be a challenge in the area.  I've always managed to get in without reservations but it might be a good idea to get a reservation for dinner.Reservations for 8 on a Saturday evening. The restaurant is a bit on the smaller side. The service was on point and very good. My friend and I shared their appetizers special (ravioli) and the Roasted Muscovy Duck Breast to share. The split our entree which was a very nice touch. The ravioli was very good. We had our duck medium rare which I didn't really care for but my friend enjoyed it. I liked everything else than came with our entree. We also had a round of coffee/lattes to go around. My latte was really good. Overall, it was a good time. 
Two unisex restrooms.Really enjoyed dinner here.  The "special of the day" salad was Heirloom Tomatoes with shaved parmesan.  It was fabulous.  Shared the short ribs (as an appetizer) and it was OK.  Wouldn't order it again - the meat was a little dry.  Had the Baricola for the main entree and I really enjoyed it.  Would visit again.  Service was adequate, but not outstanding.Considering how many people have told me that this is their favorite or one of their favorite restaurants in NOLA, I'm shocked at how long it took me to eat here! I finally went tonight, and although everything was delicious, it doesn't stand out in my mind as one of the BEST meals I've had (hence the 4 stars), but I think I need to return and order different things. Please, just take a look at their menu on the website when you get a chance - it's obviously fine dining.
First of all, if the weather is nice please go in the early evening (our reservation was for 6:30) and sit outside!!! They have an absolutely lovely courtyard space on the side of the building, with ivy growing on the walls and even a small fountain. It definitely feels French and reminded me of when I lived in Paris :) I can't stress more how nice the ambiance is in their outdoor seating; absolutely go here on a date. The inside looked cozy but a little bit crowded, as some other reviewers have mentioned. I dislike restaurant settings where you sit RIGHT NEXT to other people's tables and have to overhear each other's conversations the whole night. 
For an appetizer, we shared the sizzling shrimp in lemon oregano vinaigrette. They bring you four large shrimp literally sizzling in a cast-iron pan. These were just OK for me; I wouldn't order them again but they were a nice light appetizer. I think next time I'd get the grilled beets w/goat cheese & walnuts, or the steamed clams with marsala, grilled onions, and kale pesto bruschetta (I mean, just that last part about the kale...wowza). 
My friend ordered the hangar steak with fries and bordelaise sauce, which he gets every time he goes to Lilette because it's just that good. If you've ever been in Paris and eaten at one of the famed Relais d'Entrecote type steakhouses, where all you they serve is steak and fries and you get two helpings, it's definitely reminiscent of that. I ordered the sauteed spiced drum fish with artichoke, roasted tomato haricots verts, and lemon-oregano yogurt. I was dubious about the lemon-oregano yogurt sauce, and almost ordered the fish special of sauteed snapper with fennel and some spicy sweet sauce, but the server (who was incredibly sweet and helpful) advised me to go with the drum. The yogurt sauce was actually fantastic - and they don't make it too heavy by piling it on, you get just enough of it - but it wasn't quite the best fish dish I'd ever had, and I thought the haricots verts seemed slightly undercooked. I also wasn't a fan of including the artichokes with the dish. 
We elected to skip dessert tonight, although I absolutely would come hungrier next time in order to be able to get a dessert, because I think those sound like the most phenomenal things on the menu. In fact, I might JUST come for dessert. They have a whole separate section for it on their website, so it must be special! The in-house pastry chef is Beth Biundo. We ALMOST got the Nutella custard with fleur de sel, caramel cream, and chocolate-hazelnut brittle, but instead got Pinkberry afterwards :) 
One pro that sticks out in my mind: They offered a lot more specials than most restaurants do, which I loved. You have a lot of selection beyond what's on the regular menu; I think she told us about three special appetizers, two or three special entrees, and two special desserts.
One con that sticks out: Although they offer an extensive wines by the bottle list, they have a much smaller selection of wines by the glass. 
Next time I think I also have to get the Tuscan kale salad with fennel, carrot, pickled peppers, mint, pistachio and Pecorino Toscano...but that might just be because I'm obsessed with kale and haven't found too many places that offer it in salad - if you know of any, please message me! 
I have nothing bad to say about Lilette, but since it was so pricey my standards were set a liiittle bit higher. Our glasses of wine were $13 each (what?!), the appetizer was $10, and the entrees were close to $30 each, so our total bill for those few items was over $100, whoa! 
Summary: Sit outside in the early evening, don't get the sizzling shrimp appetizer, carnivores should get the hangar steak, make sure to save room for dessert.Food is good, ambiance good, perfect for date night. Don't go here if you are a business traveler.Top notch restaurant with creative foods. Don't read this review, just go try it. You won't be disappointed!
Notable eats: grilled beets with goat cheese and walnuts, sizzling shrimp, and the duck was UH-mazing!This was my favorite restaurant in NOLA on my recent visit.  The raw salmon appetizer was AMAZING: so light, simple flavors, perfect.  I also LOVED the kale salad.  The oysters were delicious, too.   The lamb meatballs were good, a little dry, so I wanted more of the yogurt sauce.  The best part of my lamb entree was the salad - it had tiny fried pieces of joy.  The actual lamb was a little dry without much flavor.  We had a great waitress, and I appreciated the accessible bathroom (though there is one step up into the restaurant).This is the best restaurant I've eaten in on a long time. I still can't get over the service! The wait staff all helped one another to make sure that the table was cleaned off and that the patrons were happy and the food came out accordingly. Oh, and have I meantioned the food! It was simply sublime. The white fish ceviche was better than any I've ordered in an Asian restaurant. 
The waitress helped us pair our selections with Wines that complimented our meals perfectly! The apps, entrees, dessert and wines were just incredible! This place has been opened for years and has only improved with time. Go try it out if you are looking for a true experience.Ok--- So my boyfriend surprised me for our Valentine's dinner by making reservations at Lilette. I have walked by this place and always thought it looked so quaint and the menu was quite intriguing. He made reservations, we arrived early, they were able to seat us in the courtyard right away. I HIGHLY recommend opting for courtyard seating. The dining room looked nice, but it was very loud with a kind of awkward table set-up. The patio was so beautiful and peaceful. Really sweet ambiance with jazz music playing in the background. 
The service throughout the night was consistent (refilled water, made sure we had utensils, etc.) I would have liked the waitresses and sommelier to be a little more chatty and upbeat, but they did their jobs well and answered all our questions. Our entire dining experience took about 2 hours. We didn't feel rushed at all. This is definitely a place to take your time and savor the food and enjoy the company of your party. 
We pretty much ordered one of everything on the menu (420 life). We started with cocktails (well and generously mixed) and the oyster special, chicken soup, italian wedding soup, arugula and fennel salad, boudin noir, gnocchi, what the hell didn't we order?? This was just the beginning... Get the Boudin noir.. soooo good. Also, the Sweetbreads. Don't ask what sweetbreads are until you eat them. We ended up ordering a half bottle of wine, and asked our sommelier what the sweetbreads were... A "delicacy".... Just do it.
We shared an entree---the baked flounder. Loved the sauce it was served with.
Had some sort of whipped goat cheese dessert... Starting to feel frisky..
By the end of this meal-- and still as I'm drinking more champagne writing this review--- I just felt really energized and satisfied. Probably one of the best meals I've had--ever. Maybe I don't get out much.. But we both just felt it was totally worth the splurge. For 2 of us--with lots of food and booze- 200$$ before tip. No regrets.. If you're looking for place to treat yo'self or impress a date with some unique, fresh and creative food, Lilette is a wonderful Uptown choice!! ;)I really through about cancelling this meal.  I don't know, French food in New Orleans when I can be eating Cajun or Creole.  But when I went back to the menu on line it was too good to pass.  And I was glad we went.
It is an elegant room off of Magazine Street, again, the restuarant you want in your neighborhood.
One turn off is the hostess.  If you want to be in the front of the house learn to smile.  Or at least be friendly. If I want attitude at the front of the house I can go to New York.
That being said i would still go back for the food.  OK Fred wouldn't order the wild mushroom appetizer because he doesn't consider criminis and shitakes wild, he has a point there.  And yes the heirloom tomato special was a bit price at 12 but very good.  Hey, but Mark's chicken broth with a soft egg was very very flavorful and well concieved.  For mains I thoroughly enjoyed the roasted "poulet" breast with brussel sprouts.  A great Sancerre white rounded it out.  If Mark or Fred remember their courses or dessert I'll edit later.
So Lilette just snuck into four star range, it really is a 3.8....Always a treat to eat here to get out of the French quarter area.  Lamb sirloin was perfect as was the arugula salad with roasted garbanzo beans.  We've been eating here for 10 years when in town and have never been disappointed.I was there Thursday March 22 after arriving in NOLA from San Diego that afternoon. The food was exceptional. I had the Duck, it was delicious and unique. The servers were very professional, but the place was jammed, so the small size of the room made it feel a bit cramped. I would love to go there on an off night (if they ever have any) the next time I come to town.Apparently this is Leonardo DiCaprio's favorite New Orleans spot for fine dining. Located in a beautiful antique corner store on Magazine Street Uptown Lilette small but mighty boasts their elegant interpretations on New Orleans French food.. my first experience here was in 2009 so I'm happy to be back with a more advanced palette. I ordered the subtle cold corn broth crab and avocado chowder and the crab claws in passion fruit butter-- possessed by l'espirit de la mer, I suppose. The soup was pure and simple-- favors honored each other very well.  The crab claws were magnificent. The butter unlike anything I've experienced. The meat fell right out the claw. While I didn't order an entree, I did recieves some small presents from the staff being that a friend works here. They brought me a glass of complimentary champagne, amuse-bouche of chared escargot marscapone, as well as their warm beet and goat cheese salad. I ordered the Nutella custard for dessert because I go weak in the knees when I see "caramel" and "fleur de sel" in the same sentence. Great experience and a lovely little taste of French New Orleans!Had an excellent round of appetizers and drinks the other night. This was my first time in New Orleans as an adult, and I thoroughly enjoyed the city, especially Lilette. 
The bartender, Stephen was top of the line. Extremely knowledgeable, and really friendly. We had some cocktails and champagne, as well as some oysters, and a small plate of pork belly atop white beans. I wish I had a gigantic bowl of that dish right now, it was amazing. Looking forward to another visit sometime soon.Great as usual. Had the boulibaise. Always great. Cote de Rhone & Burgundy by the glass, very good. Lovely atmosphere. Always ready to go again. Service  is always lovely, we were there on  Wednesday.  Shared the Chocolate Broich Bread Puddin, I can not pass up ordering it.I have to admit- I had never heard of Lilette, so I guess you could say I didn't really have any expectations walking in for a Thursday dinner with a friend.  That being said, I was SO pleasantly surprised by everything; the ambience, service and food were all phenomenal.  
Ambience: Elegantly lighting in an otherwise dim, open dining room... the windows around the entire restaurant really seal the deal- I'm sure it's a great dining experience during the day, too
Service: Our bartender and server were both lovely... our server in particular was so helpful with helping us determine portions, pick out the right wine, etc.  
Food: Can't say enough good things!  I will warn that the food is RICH... it comes in very small portions for just that reason.  You're definitely paying for the skillfulness and creativity that goes into crafting the food, not the portion size.  Highly recommend the white truffle parmigiano toast as an appetizer and the beef cheeks as an entree.  
I'll definitely return when my wallet allows me to!