Again for those that see my review I only give 5 stars after multiple trips.   This local pho shop has an eclectic regular clientele that is loyal for a reason.   Great food and very nice staff. 
The ingredients are so fresh.   I had bun beef because I was not phongry. That is pho hungry.   
Highly recommend stopping in.There was a hair in my girlfriends rice. Staff is really nice, food is mediocre. We just were in city an wanted a quick bite to eat an with the good ratings, we thought we were gonna be plesaently surpirsed. We were not. More than likely won't come back.I love this place. I've started coming here once a week when my craving for bún gets too strong to resist. The staff is sweet, attentive, but also leaves you alone and allows you to really enjoy the food without having to constantly reassure them that, "Everything's fine, food's great!" Which is good when you're constantly chowing down on a mouthful of vermicelli noodles.
I am not an expert on Vietnamese food in the slightest, so I don't know about the authenticity of the cuisine; all I know is it's good, fast, and a healthier option for lunch or dinner on Magazine.After spending the better part of a week indulging in gluttony, New Orleans-style, we were looking for something light, fresh, casual, and inexpensive. Our local friend pointed us to Lilly's. She said the woman who used to do here nails at the salon had opened a great Vietnamese restaurant.
As soon as we walked in we were greeted by an energetic, friendly woman (Lilly herself?). It was like dining at the home of your favorite aunt; she was pleasantly chatty, enthusiastic, and attentive.
We started out with the spring rolls, which were light and refreshing (these are the ones with soft rice paper, not fried). For our main course I had the grilled beef vermicelli and my girlfriend got the shrimp salad. I'm usually skeptical of ordering salads at Asian restaurants because they often seem to be throw-aways designed to make the menu more friendly to a western eye, but this one was delicious. The shrimp were grilled perfectly and it had a great sweet-spicy-smoky dressing (wish I knew what was in it).
Attention to detail set Lilly's apart. Lightly fried slivers of garlic, perfectly grilled shrimp, fresh chunks of strawberry in the salad -- all the ingredients were carefully selected and prepared lovingly. For a fresh, casual lunch you couldn't do much better.So yummy! Spicy tofu banh mi rocks, along with the rainbow spring rolls. Service can be a little slow, but it's worth it for the quality of food.
Their pho is also always good. ALWAYS.I doubted I could find flavorful pho in New Orleans, but boy was I wrong. The beef pho broth is 10x richer and more savory than any I've tried in the San Francisco Bay Area. Really hit the spot after a week of eating nothing but biscuits, gumbo, and blood marys.
The owner, Lilly, was so kind to us, even ordering us a cab so that we'd make it to our next engagement on time. 
Clean bathrooms.
Would come here again in a heartbeat!This place quite simply has the best pho I've ever tasted, and I have had it all over the city. The crab rangoons were also pretty spectacular.  Other than that,  the service was prompt and accurate, despite the fact that the dining room quite literally was completely full within 10 minutes of our arrival. If you are looking for a quick, non-pretenious Vietnamese restaurant, this is the place for you.The Pho Ga here is excellent best I've had outside of Vietnam.  The service is not so great.  All the food (appetizers, entrees, etc) came to the table at the same time with the exception of one of our companion's entree (he had to wait quite a while) .  The waitress apologized, but it was still a bit frustrating.  Communication with staff can be an issue as most are non-native english speakers so we had to work a little at getting the everything sorted out.  
Despite the problems, I will definitely return.  If you don't have patience, don't go.  If you do, you will enjoy a great vietnamese meal.3.5 stars
Some people have no clue how to eat Vietnamese food.  Lilly's is packed for lunch,  I've definitely never seen so many white people at a Vietnamese restaurant, and a good many of them seem clueless about Viet food but determined to eat it nonetheless.  That's a spirit worthy of admiration.  Now if they would actually try a bit of the sauce instead of eating plain dry vermicelli, or use the soup spoon when they eat pho, they would get a lot more out of the experience.  Perhaps the server should explain a bit or have a quick intro written into the menu. 
I was glad I got the vermicelli instead of the pho, which did not look appetizing.  The vermicelli was good.  But again, compared to other cities, the food is about average and a few dollars overpriced.  But you would be paying for the clean and modern atmosphere over the sticky floor and tacky setup of your average Viet place.So disappointed...pho broth was just ok and they really skimped out on the beef brisket. My husband's bahn mi pork sandwich was mostly bread again with very little meat. We've had much better bahn mi and pho in Philly/NY/NJ area and were excited to try the local Vietnamese influence. Sadly did not live up to the hype.Great and authentic Vietnamese food in lower garden district. Delicious vegan pho and many other options for vegans -which is hard to find in Nola! Awesome service. Very attentive. This place is pho-nomenal !!!!Very friendly, prompt, and attentive service. So far I've only tried the tofu bahn mi & the spicy tofu. Both are excellent, but splurge on the spicy if you like spicy things, the sauce is excellent! This is my go-to Vietnamese place in the LGD.Best pho place in town! Their food was delicious and customer service was excellent. I just loved how friendly everyone was!I went to Lilly's recently with my daughter and had lunch. Generally when I do Vietnamese I'm going for something lighter. I usually order summer rolls and Pho.
That is exactly what I ordered that day and it was wonderful. The summer rolls were very fresh tasting and a delicious peanut dipping sauce accompanied them. I ordered the spicy shrimp pho and was not disappointed. There were lots of shrimp and the broth was hot and was very flavorful.
The ambience is great...the staff kind and helpful and the place is gaining popularity by the number of people we saw coming and going.
I could easily eat here twice a week, plus when I do I feel like I'm being good to my body...yeah for Lilly'sThis was our first time eating there. My sons and I enjoyed our meal. Quick and friendly service. Its close to their schools so they had a nice dinner out. We love pho and Lilly's is a nice place to get your fix.Fast and attentive service! Delicious spring rolls, house made strawberry lemonade, pho, banh mi, and one of my favorite vermicelli bowls in town!This place is overrated. 4.5 stars on yelp should say something about this place. Went here for dinner with some friends and everything tastes average. The best thing  on the menu is the ca phe sua da, but really, you can get great coffee at any other place. Not to mention the atmosphere and environment. It's too small and tight thats its very uncomfortable to enjoy dinner.Yum! Always great service. At first they seemed to be upset that I wanted a fork for the vermicelli but now they know me (I guess?) and a fork accompanies the chopsticks with the order. I feel the love! The vermicelli tastes great and the chicken is so tender.  I have to say that is the only thing I have ever ordered here so I can't comment on anything else.Delicious Vietnamese food- simple but ample menu- even as a vegan I am spoilt for choice with apps and entrees. My favourite is the Pho- very reasonable price and massive portion so much I get a to go box and have another meal at home! 
Prompt service even though the place is obviously popular so usually busy. Ginger tea here is really good too!Delicious pho for when you're tired of eating po boys and fried oysters. The broth is delicious and you can tell the meat is a little higher quality than what a lot of pho places use.The pho here is magical. It is definitely the best tasting base soup I've had in pho in the city. The combo pho is great, although the meatball has weird amounts of gristle. The rice with spicy tofu is also great. The tofu is incredibly tasty, has good texture, and goes great with the rest of the ingredients added on to the rice to make a great dish. 
The staff is also very friendly. The pho chef sometimes comes out to greet me and check on the quality of the pho. There is little pretension here, just good food and good people.
I highly recommend it for people looking for Vietnamese food in New Orleans.Since the departure of Pho Tau Bay I've been at a lost for a good Pho and Báhn Mi. Lily's surely delivers on both.
Last time I stopped by was during a very busy dinner service to try their vegan spicy tofu Bánh Mi which was rated as one of the top 15 in the city. It was delicious! Vegetables and bun were fresh and tofu delivered on the heat. 
The Phos are also very good and nice size and I swear that kitchen works at warp speed. 
Good for lunch, dinner dates or large gatherings.Service here is good and very attentive. They gave me input on what was good and what was not.
The pho was delicious with no msg. Jasmine tea was very refreshing as well. 
Owner came out and spent some time w us giving us insight on top tourist destinations in the area. 
Very friendly staff, good food, affordable prices.Fantastic space, fresh ingredients, delightful service. Loved it.quick stop before we head back to Nashville, Tennessee ... Very good and authentic! So pleased that we found this spot before our trip back home. Very accommodating, great selection. Great service, food was delievered in a timely manner. Last but not least, delicious!
* great for families.I wrote a review on this place before about how the pho soup tasted inauthentic and very watered down. Well, after that review the owner of the place messaged me and said all type of things. She said I must be wrong because her pho is the best of the best, even better than all the places in Vietnam. I lived in Vietnam and I know what is a good, authentic bowl of pho is. Her garbage pho is nothing compare to the pho in Vietnam. So this owner needs to get over herself and a reality SLAP! LOL Secondly, based on the message, I can tell that this lady is very argumentative. I don't think her pho is good and my review reflects my opinion. There is nothing you can do to change my review. So stop messaging me and threaten me to change my review!Wonderful and even better service. A rare gem to find. The owner even came out and spoke to us. I really felt at home and will definitely be back to visit my next time in New Orleans.What a great restaurant! There are few things in life that I enjoy more than hot vegan soup and this place was spot on. They have a vegan pho soup, amazing spicy noodles with tofu and veggies, and super friendly service. The food was super cheap and filling and I would definitely go back.Every time I crave Vietnamese food, this is my go to place!  I hate that they're closed on Sundays but I don't eat phó on Sundays anyway! Lily is amazing and always makes me feel at home even when the place is busy...and it's always busy.The pho is EXCELLENT and so is the service...but it's not the tidiest place in town.  The walls are pretty dirty, which is surprising for a newish place, and the floors are often not clean.  Regardless, it's still my go to pho spot.Lilly's Café doesn't need my four star review because the place is always packed with happy and satisfied customers.  Best part of Lilly's Café is the always fresh ingredients used in the meal.  Great atmosphere and great quality food.  Nice change of pace from your typical Asian culinary fair.With a fresh aroma hitting as soon as you walk in the door, this cozy neighborhood joint is bustling with a constant flow of diners. The food is simple, authentic, and delicious. A nice break from the usual heavy NOLA fare.The staff was extremely nice, the service superb and fast!  Was visiting and got a bit sick of all the fried foods.  I'm Vietnamese so pho is always a staple and nice to have as an option when you're dehydrated from non stop adult beverages!  Went here with the husband and friend.  The pho was good and I also enjoyed the Vietnamese coffee. The atmosphere is super cute.Good pho great Rangoon overall I wool go back and recommend. Service was  lacking but adequate.normally, i do not like vietnamese/chinese/asian food.  but this place is AWESOME!!!!  fabulous food!!!  and the staff is very accommodating!!!   totally reccommend this place!!!Love this little Cafe'. The food is fresh, the staff is friendly, the bathrooms are clean! I usually get the combo Pho' with an additional side of - well just about anything. You really can't go wrong here!Not only was the service friendly, accommodating and prompt... Not only was this probably some of the best vietnamese I've ever had (including my time traveling in Vietnam)... This may have been one of the best meals I've ever had.
I had the grilled chicken bún, which for an outsider, is not a fluffy baked dough ball...  Its a heaping bowl of lettuce, cucumbers, rice noodles, peanut, spicy fish sauce and a perfectly cooked meat of your choice.  You can add such delights as a fried egg, egg roll or steamed vegetables.  In my dish, the grilled chicken was a bit crispy from the sear and still tender and thinly sliced.  The added fish sauce (which actually seemed a little more like a thai-style chili sauce) took it to a whole new level.
To top it off, I had an ice-cold vietnamese coffee the way I always loved to have it on hot, sticky Vietnam days.  Its crushed ice, strong espresso with a generous helping of sweetened condensed milk.  So instead of adding sugar and cream to your coffee, just add one ultra concentrated goopy, glorious mixture of the two for maximum efficiency and effect!
The girlfriend had the pork pho, which she was pleased with but totally jealous of my meal.  I gave her some, don't worry, but it was one of the hardest things I ever had to do.
This place was a transcendent dining experience for both the quality and value.  Most entrees were under $10. You don't need to know anything about vietnamese food, there really only about 6 dishes on the menu.  It seems like a lot because they just have so many available meats they prepare in a handful of ways.  You wont be disappointed, everything looked amazing, and ours was no exception.
One more note on the attention to detail, I love that they include both chopsticks and western utensils, so you don't have to feel like a total novice asking for a fork, and you don't have to feel pretentious asking for chopsticks.
If you're reading this right after posting, they're sign said they are closed July 4-10, 2016.  After that, enjoy!Toooo expensive! 12.00 for a drink and a bowl of vegetable soup. At least serve dessert with it. Back home in Seattle I can get a large bowl of delicious vegetarian pho, a coke and cream puff for $9.00.This place is over priced. Won't go backWhy have I not eaten here sooner? Oh yeah, cause the last couple of times I did make it over, I chose that awkward time that they were closed.
Anyway, move over Magasin, this place is so much better! Sure, it's not as trendy or stylish, it doesn't look half as busy, and the menu is not as extensive, but it's probably the most authentic Vietnamese restaurant I've been to on this side of the river. The prices may be slightly higher, but I guess gas and toll fees make up the difference.  Oh yeah, and helpful friendly service.
I had the Grilled Pork Bun and my girlfriend had the Grilled Beef Bun, we also ordered Egg Rolls. The portions for the Buns are large, except next time I would probably order the Egg Roll to go with the Bun, instead of a separate order, as the price actually comes out cheaper.
What's good about the Buns?  Well they add the usual that you should have in there, crushed peanuts, fried shallots, and perfect fish sauce, all three things that are missing from the Magasin Bun.  Oh, and of course, I do prefer the traditional iceberg lettuce.  OH wait, did I mention that they also give you a generous portion of meat, it's cut differently into slices, but it is a lot more than just 4 - 5 thicker slices of the grilled pork or beef you would get at other places.  The Eggs Rolls were also pretty standard and good, not rolled in so much wrapping that it's hard.
I'll definitely be coming back and I'll be getting the Pho next time.The pho is actually great. I took my parents here and they approved too. The broth is not too oily like some other places.  Slightly lacks the strong pho flavor/smell but the place is on Magazine St...  different crowd.Going to have to settle on 3 stars as it was fresh and pretty good but didn't blow me away. The pho was good but the broth was not the best I've had. Lacked depth. The meat was super tender and overall it was a good bowl of pho. The spicy spring rolls were good but once again nothing remarkable. The egg rolls were good but once again nothing remarkable. Make sure to ask if you want lettuce to wrap them in. I would absolutely eat here again and everything was hot and fresh but...... I have had better. Service was spot on and very friendly!Ordered the spring roll and pho combo. 
Spring roll was pretty good. Ingredients was fresh.
Pho combo was very good.
Very good pho broth. Hard chewy noodles (this is a good thing) with rare steak on top.Amazing. All of it was amazing. The pho broth will bring you back to life after drinking until death. We had Beef Pho with brisket and chicken pho were AMAZING. Loved the crab rangoons. Loved the Vietnamese iced coffee. Everything literally couldn't have been better. Also the wait staff is so attentive and kind. The lady waitress warmed my heart . Please come here and enjoy this dining experience. It was a much needed recharge after the loudness of bourbon street.Fantastic food!! Just had an egg role as well as I
Lillys roll followed by spicy shrimp pho.. I'm perfectly satisfied and so glad we stopped in. Highly recommend!best vietnamese in new orleans! lilly is also a very nice woman and i'm excited to go back!Lilly's is my all time favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Nawlins, & I have been to all of them! It is very clean, the food is absolutely fresh & delicious, & Lilly is an absolute doll! 
The whole staff is sweet, attentive, & conscientious. The cooks are  awesome & will accommodate any dietary restriction with ease. In fact, it is the only Viet restaurant where vegetarians & vegans can eat safely & know that something they don't eat has not been sneaked into their food. If you say "No MSG!" you will get no MSG!
Now what to order? My order always starts with the Shrimp Spring Rolls, so fresh, & when smothered with their house-made Peanut Sauce, divine! I LOVE the Spicy Tofu served over the soft noodles & topped with steamed veggies. (They will add a whole pile of steamed veggies over anything for an extra $2!) You can taste the garlic, ginger, & peppers in it, & although hot & spicy, it will not set you on fire like some of their competitor's food. LOL!
Now keep in mind, that although Lilly's is a five-star Viet restaurant, it is not The Windsor Court or Commanders Palace, so don't expect that kind of service here. It is a small "Mom & No-Pop" venue. Some idiot woman gave them only three stars because, "The waitstaff kept asking if we wanted anything & did not observe our 'social cues' that we weren't ready to order!" 
Did this woman not know she was dealing with another culture? A culture who would not recognize her stupid Yuppie cues? I bet dollars to donuts they were trying in vain to move her along & get her cranky ass out of there. Only she did not recognize their polite Asian cues of "Hurry up & order bitch! We are trying to close up & go home!"
Getting that kind of attentive service in other restaurants would be the "impossible dream". Ha ha... too attentive... my God you moron! That being said, if you want delicious, authentic, fast, & cheap Vietnamese food, Lilly's is the place! See you there:)This is the second time I've been to Lilly's and it's still amazing. They pump out food at this place like a Ford factory in the early 1900s. The Lilly's summer roll (with avocado and strawberry) is an incredible combination. The portions are huge and come out very quickly. Everything is always fresh and piping hot despite this. The grilled pork rice plate is delicious and it's certainly some of the best Vietnamese food I've had. The wait staff is great, friendly, and extremely accommodating. I can't wait to return.Yum! This is a great spot for folks looking for good and flavorful pho (not the best pho, but def solid). Banh Mi was great as well! Truly a bang for your buck. Service is great!With an abundance of Vietnamese restaurants in the area, this failed to live up to the hype. Completely serviceable and outstandingly average.Had a late lunch at Lilly's today.  The place was pacjed at 2pm ... and after having a meal here, I know why. 
We only had two dishes. .. spicy tofu and Pho Ga (chicken).  The spicy tofu was excellent,  tender, tasty with a spicy flavor that was perfect as served.   The Pho is also very very good... it comes to the table piping hot with fresh sprouts and basil to add as desire.  I found that a few good doses of rooster sauce (sriracha) brought the flavor to just where I like it.  Final verdict: we both agreed that we would willingly order the same again... but will try other dishes as well.
Service was very good,  courteous and efficient and Lilly is a great hostess.Our first experience at a Vietnamese restaurant and it was amazing. 
You can taste the freshness of the noodles, the vegetables and the meat. 
We are sold and will be back again.Super great food, nice family owned staff, multiple fresh options( fresh seafood, vegetarian including vegetarian broth which is pretty unheard of and plus it's good), and  clean neat little restaurant would recommend 5/5.Lilly's is by far my favorite Vietnamese place in New Orleans. Not only is the family so sweet... The food lives up to all the great reviews. The pho broth is delicious and so flavorful, the sauce on the bun is awesome, and the shrimp and avocado salad is amazing! The spring rolls are also key. I haven't had a bite at Lilly's I didn't like. 
Also the coconut candies they give with your check are delicious!! I would give 10 stars if I could!Woohoo, this place is killing it! Amazing bun with lots of HUGE shrimp, perfect dressing, fresh lovely veg. Shrimp salad (with perfect, fresh strawberries!) was amazing too. Great fresh coconut juice. Super fast and friendly ervice. Lovely, clean atmosphere. A perfect Magazine St. stopover.The food is so good. I eat Vietnamese food all the time in Atlanta.  This place is fresh,  clean and just different.  Like eating at your OCD Grandma's house. I'm definitely coming back.Best pho ever. Amazing staff and lily is a wonderful host. Also enjoyed there Vietnamese iced coffee and the fresh basil and sprout salad was top notch too.I'm not normally a big fan of pho, mainly due to it not being very authentic in the US, but I saw someone else's dish and it looked amazing. I have to say, I'm a total pho convert after eating that. It was authentic Vietnamese pho made to perfection. My husband said it was the best pho he has ever had and he is a pho addict!
The egg roll and summer rolls were very tasty, probably the best egg rolls we've had too! 
Everyone who worked there was sweet and friendly. Great service.I do not like Eastbank Vietnamese pho. Nope. I like the real stuff.
So when I was starving today I decided to give Lilly's a try.
But no pho.
So I called and ordered pickup. The avocado and shrimp salad, the pork bahn mi, and the crab rangoons (because I heard they have bacon in them).
20 minutes later, I walked in and they had no idea who I was. After some scrambling, they found my stuff. Seems they wrote my name down as Abby and was totally confused by my actual name and me being a dude.
They gave me extra hot sauce and fish sauce for no charge. And the owner even joked about messing up my name and made fun of herself. What a sweetie.
Took the stuff back to work and with much trepidation, opened it all up and tried it all.
The bahn mi: Fresh veggies. Really well done pork and nice soft Viet-French bread. 
Also, almost 1/3 larger than most other places on the East Bank. Filled too.
A total win.
Seriously. Good stuff.
The crab rangoons did NOT have bacon (you lying bastages) but they were really good anyway. Very well filled. A little greasy but still good.
The avocado and shrimp salad was good. I didn't like the strawberries but that's just because I don't like them in general. The fried onions/garlic on top was, sadly, stale...the avocado was chopped into tiny little bits that were almost too small to pick up with the chopsticks. And not a large amount of them. But having said that, it was still quite good. Not too heavy and not too light. Just a great blend for lunch.
It came with a fish sauce based dressing that was perfectly balanced. The shrimp were large and had the tail shells still attached...I ate them too. Really good. 
SO all in all, I am very pleased with the effort and since it's summer, I think I can be comfortable ordering lunch from there.
P.S. It's about a block and a half from another Magazine street Viet-place that seemed like a ghost town compared to the busy and lively lunchtime crowd at Lilly's.
Sort of says something, doesn't it?I went here with a couple of people and I thought the food is great but it wasn't.  I noticed that a lot of people in the restaurant order pho and that's it.  Which im pretty sure thats why this place have a 4.5 star.  I ordered the crab ragoon and it was so oily.  I didn't like it at all.  ALso we order eggrolls and the meat in it has so much black pepper.  For the entree, I ordered the beef and rice which I couldn't eat.  There was no taste to it.  It looked like I didn't even touch my food.  I know the restaurant says authentic but I dont' think so.I am from Houston and used to really delicious Viet food. Lilly's is ok. The place is nicely decorated, and the hostess is really cute and friendly. But the food is meh. I ordered Lilly's rolls, spicy tofu, and pho. Lilly's rolls were the best part of the meal. Spicy tofu is ok, but the fried shallot was soggy. Pho's broth is way too sugary. I doubt that I would go back.Consistently great food and service!! Food for pick up never takes longer than they say and their pho, rice, and bun dishes are delicious!After our Garden district tour we decided to walk to Lilly's cafe for lunch around 2 pm. The staff was very nice and welcomed us. For a Christmas even day, the place was crowded. Wife got the pho and I got the rice/ chicken entree. Good portions and everything tasted great. The restaurant is clean including the restrooms. There are pictures of owners and staff with stars like John Goodman who had their meals there.This place is so legit. Their pho is the best I've had in a long time. A lot of other places miss the mark with vegetarian pho but this place seasons it so beautifully. Make sure to try the broth before putting a bunch of sriracha in it! It's amazing.  
The staff is also very welcoming and sweet, and the service is great. So many vegan/vegetarian options to choose from. I'll keep coming back. 
Also, try the Thai iced tea. YUM.Delicious!  Super fresh dishes and nice staff. Can't say enough good things about this place.  Possibly the best Vietnamese food I've ever had.I'm still new to Vietnamese food, but from what I know, Lilly's was a nice off the beaten path find for just that. Everything I sampled there (pork rice plate and flank pho) we're perfectly cooked, seasoned and presented. The staff is lovely and the ambiance is just right. 
I will definitely be recommending Lilly's Cafe to others!Decided to go with the top Yelp reviewed Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans. Which ended up not meeting expectation of 4.5 stars.
I have been to a couple of Vietnamese restaurants in  New Orleans and wanted to try something new, since I'm taking my mom out to eat. 
Decor: 4/5
The interior design is easy to the eyes and very welcoming. Bamboo-like materials and items reminisce of Vietnamese culture. 
Service: 3.5/5
We were seated immediately after we enter. The server seemed a bit rushed and wanted us to order as soon as we can. It was our first time here, so we wanted to make sure to order something good. We only talk to our server when we needed to order, since she seldomly stop by our table. 
Menu: 3/5
There were a decent amount of items to choose from. I had initially wanted to try the rice dishes and was hoping for broken rice and all the good stuff but I was disappointed. They did not have broken rice option, and the rice plates comes with egg roll and veggies. I was hoping for pickled carrots, side of soup, and an egg meatloaf or sunny-side up egg.
Pho: 3/5
We both ordered the pho combo. The presentation of the pho was average. The broth was a bit too salty in my opinion but my mom said adding extra lime and hoisin sauce would help. Which I did, but I could still taste the salt lingering around. There was a decent amount of meats in the pho, my mom gave me some of hers as well since she was not too hungry.
Spring Roll: 5/5
I ordered the grilled pork roll, which was really good. It was different from what I would normally have in a spring roll. I even ask my mom to consider grilling pork to make spring rolls in the future. The fish sauce that comes with this appetizer was good.I absolutely ADORE this place  I did a sister trip to New Orleans and needless to say spent most of my time drinking and eating. Consequently I got a little sick and needed a good place to detox, and have healthy and well made food and this was PERFECT. We went to Lily's three times in four days hahaha. And tried everything. The pho is amazing, so is there stir fry and rice. The shrimp/meat and vegetables all seemed fresh or was well seasoned. The spring rolls were so healthy haha so fresh. I just stan this place and is one of the few places in New Orleans I would highly highly recommend.Great pho tai, tofu bun dishes.  Vegan and pork spring rolls are perfect.  Tofu spring rolls just OK.  Only complaint is that the food came out too fast!
Great prices and amazingly friendly staff, unflustered despite demanding environment.I love Lilly's!! Her Pho Ga with vegan broth is a heaven sent whether you're sick or just looking for a good filling yet light soup. Her rice dishes and egg rolls are also amazing. Plus Lilly her self is very personable and sweet.I'm obligated to leave a five star review because the beef bahn mi was the best I've ever had. The spicy tofu appetizer was AWESOME, and I don't even eat tofu. The waitress was attentive but not overbearing, and she was super sweet as well. The atmosphere is intimate but not too cramped. Very enjoyable experience and I will definitely be back for more!Series of unfortunate events occurred during our visit to this establishment.  I read from previous reviews that the spicy shrimp pho was phenomenal.  When seated, we noticed that table next to us was delivered the a piping hot bowl of spicy shrimp pho, but in error. 
In spite of the fact that the beautiful bowl of spicy shrimp pho was sent back to the kitchen, I elected to order the same item believing that they would NEVER present another patron with the same bowl of rejected pho, especially since we ordered multiple appetizers and took some time eating the tasty spicy tofu appetizer and mediocre fresh rolls.  
When my bowl of much anticipated spicy shrimp pho was set before me, I noticed that my bowl of pho was not piping hot and the noodles were soggy and mushy.  I didn't want to be a bother so i asked them for more broth with the hope that it would heat up the soup.  They took the bowl into the kitchen and brought it back as it was returned.  Frustrated, I asked the waiter to heat up the bowl because it was lukewarm.  
After some time I was presented with a bowl of pho our waiter stated was made anew for me.  I was dismayed to realize that the "new" bowl was the same one I sent back since it had the torn basil leaves I had put into it!  I should have walked out, but requested replacement with pho tai.  After all that, the broth was sickeningly sweet and definitely NOT WORTH ALL THE TROUBLE!!!
I will never return!And the veggie pho is delicious...in case you were wondering, as is the spicy tofu appetizer.  
I've also tried their grilled shrimp items and YUMMY.  Love that the place is so low key and that you are greeted like you've just arrived at your favorite aunt's house.Had a Vietnamese roll and it was really worth the money!! Great service, really attentive but not too in your face. Great food great service- very impressedGreat atmosphere in the Garden District.  Service was exceptional.  Food is phenomenal!I love it here.
Service is always INCREDIBLE. The food is always AMAZING.
Go for the beef pho. Or the vegan egg rolls. Or the spring rolls. Or anything. It's all. so. damn. good.I eat Pho all the time, and it is by far the best Pho I've ever had. Lilly is a sweetheart and my husband and I enjoy eating there any chance we get. 
I am a bit worried that by writing another great review for Lilly's that everyone in Nola is going to know about the goodness, but Lilly is such a great person that she deserves the credit! 
Love the Rare Flank Pho with extra steamed vegetables!!!Very good Pho and a nice quiet, but busy, place.  Could be a little more prompt with drink refills but overall very much worth the trip.Just stopped here for some lunch.  Everyone there was very friendly and the food came out super fast.  I had the combo Pho and it was delicious.  If I lived in the area I would make this a weekly stop for sure.  The broth was fantastic.  After trying the combo, it was the rare flank that I would choose to have again.  Very tender.This is probably the best pho I've had since I was actually in Vietnam. The service was good and the staff are all very friendly. I've been twice and have been able to sample a couple of appetizers; I can highly recommend the spicy tofu and their eggrolls. I usually get flank and brisket pho which was quite good; all soups are served with the usual optionals of lime, basil and jalapenos, a welcome change from living in Australia for two years where lemon is the norm (!).
If you don't want to make the trek to West Bank then this is going to be your one stop shop for pho in New Orleans. My only complaint is that they don't do hot Vietnamese coffee, only cold.The grass isn't always greener on the other side. I decided to try out Lilly's since its in my neighborhood. The food came out quickly but I suspect it was pre prepared. The shrimp spring rolls didn't taste fresh and the mint flavor didn't sing at all. I was also put off by the addition of avocado. The chicken in my bun was lukewarm and tasted more microwaved than grilled however the sauce was delicious and the noodles were the perfect length for graceful chopstick eating.  In short I will not cheat on my Pho Noi Viet again.