This part of Carrollton needs more restaurants like this.  Hell, the whole city could use more restaurants like this.  The atmosphere is modern and tasteful, dark, cool, and pleasant, though the design seems to be trying a little too hard for cool.  That's not really a bad thing; it's endearing rather than offensive (If it matters, they seem to have gotten the music thing under control.  Again, it's more funny than off-putting).
If you can't be bothered to read the whole review, I'll give you the takeaway message right now: order a big Sapporo draft (or Kirin Ichiban if that's your thing) and a couple or three of the small plates.  You will enjoy it.  Bring friends so you can trade bits of the appetizers.  If you're still hungry, order some of the killer noodles.  Maybe the sushi's good, maybe it isn't.  I haven't bothered to find out because the rest of it is great.
Detail-wise: the gyoza are rich, redolent little pockets of juicy flavor that come with a great citrus sauce for dipping.  It's not the overpowering raw soy flavor most places give you.  The takoyaki are intriguing, with an internal texture that's somewhere between a pancake and a set custard, spiked with bits of meaty, chewy octopus and topped with the deep ocean funk of katsuoboshi.  The seaweed salad is redolent of sesame oil and has a satisfying crunch.  Also, try some of the fried skewers.  I got the pork, which was crunchy on the outside and came with tonkatsu sauce, which is sort of what you'd get if barbecue sauce and ketchup gave birth to a talented and delicious child.  I can't imagine that they're any less talented at skewering and frying (or grilling) other things.
And if you're still hungry, there are noodles in abundance, and good noodles.  The ramen, if you're used to packets, will be revelatory (though it's not the best I've ever had, I eat it happily).  It's rich and filling, coming in head-sized bowls.  Even better is the yakisoba, a hot fried noodle dish that came out steaming and savory, with the meaty, slightly charred flavor that would, in Chinese cuisine, be called wok hee.  It's like what you wish lo mein could be.
The food's great, the beer is cold and appropriate to the food.  There are even karaoke rooms you can rent.  What's not to like?If you're looking for a sushi place in Mid-City, this is the place to go! I was impressed with the delicious miso soup, the prompt and polite service, and the high quality of the sushi. A very good sushi option if you're not willing to drive uptown, out to Metairie, or to Covington.So many fun nights here! Sushi is good. Occasionally the hostess is rude & gives attitude. Tip: they don't take reservations unless it's for a private karaoke room.I usually like this place but to right I ordered a couple of rolls for takeout. They forgot the eel sauce - a crucial ingredient for one of the rolls I ordered. When I called to ask if they could do anything to make it up they simply said "No, we don't really do anything like that." 
Really? That's your Custer service policy? To just "not do anything"?? I would have been happy with $2 off my next order or a free beer next time I stop in. But instead they preferred no action whatsoever. Yeah I know its just sauce, but its still  a missing part of my order. And to plainly say they won't do anything - to not even TRY, that just ain't really cool. Yahmean?I like this Little Tokyo a lot because it has a very upscale feel.  The dining room is very nice and the huge window let in a lot of natural light on nice days.
When I went here with a friend we were feeling experimental, so among other things, we decided to try the tofu steak appetizer.  It's 3 blocks of grilled tofu topped with eel sauce.  It was actually pretty good!  The tofu soaks up the taste of the sauce and gives it really good flavor.  It was interesting to try, although I probably wouldn't go out of my way to get it again.  
We also got some rolls. The mid city, uptown, Philly and spicy salmon rolls were all really good and very well made. 
This would be a great place to bring a date due to the nice atmosphere and upscale feel.This place was recommended by a family friend, so we decided to meet up. They were running late so the rest of us decided to order appetizers but when it was time the waitress said to hold on 5 times. The waitress told us that since half our party wasn't there that we were slowing her down. She couldn't even get the orders of the other tables right!!! I knew it wasn't going to be a good experience because I asked for sweet tea and she just said NO. She didn't even try to give an alternative. If you can't put the fake smile on as a waitress you are in the wrong business. We walked out and decided to give our business to some other restaurant.How this place got 3 1/2 stars? I have no clue because this was the worse restaurant I have ever been too. Do not go to this Little Tokyo location. Go to the other ones. For such a nice looking restaurant. The service was not that good and the servers were unprofessional. This one girl had on an oversized jacket, leggings, and some timberland looking boots with the biggest hoop earring I've ever seen. I could fit my whole arm through it! I didn't know servers dressed like that. 
Any who the restaurant was pretty big. So big and quiet I could hear the table next to us breath. Like have some dang background music going on or something! I had to whisper in that restaurant cause me speaking normally sounded like I was yelling. Our server was new so he didn't get our order quiet right but that's fine. I get it. Atleast he was nice. But I heard him ask the other servers a question and they were so rude to him. 
Finally, the food was alright. Shrimp shumai dumpling and baked seafood appetizers were as sorry as the saints were playing today. The corn butter tonkatsu ramen and pork rib tonkatsu ramen was decent, but
Don't waste your money here.Love this place! Very affordable, delicious food, great selection, kind waitstaff, fun environment, great neighborhood, and of course karaoke. No complaints. Open until 2am every night so great for late night food too.Stopped in for lunch, was totally impressed. Ordered a sushi roll and tempura plate, fresh fruit, lots of tempura, rice was excellent they added sweet potato. The chicken was good. The clear soup was good. But the ginger salad was off the change. I will be back.. Service was top notch..  Thank u for a excellent lunch.I'm surprised I haven't reviewed Little Tokyo before, because I used to come here a lot. It's been a while, though, and last week was the first time I've ever been here for lunch. And the first time I've done hibachi instead of a normal table. 
Overall, the lunch experience we had the other day was pretty underwhelming. The hibachi chef kept dropping stuff, which is totally fine (everybody screws up sometimes), but was a little bit awkward and embarrassing. Fortunately, no one caught fire. At least, not while we were there. 
We sat at a table with a bunch of random strangers, so you don't have to have a certain number of people to do hibachi, as long as you don't mind sharing a table. It's also possible to order sushi off the regular menu if you don't want hibachi, which is what I did. They have a great cucumber salad (though this time there weren't enough sesame seeds), and the salmon sashimi I ordered was wayyyy more than I could manage. An order of 2-4 pieces would've been enough, but this was close to triple that amount. 
The service wasn't horrible, but it took a while to get our check, and they never picked up the dirty dishes, so we had to stare at the post-meal carnage the whole time we waited for our server to re-appear, and waited some more for her to bring us the check. 
Next time I come here, I think I'll go back to my usual dinner in the not-hibachi room plan, and see if it's what I remember. If it's not, I probably wouldn't bother to come back.I've been coming to this location for years because it was conveniently located to my house and because the quality of hibachi and sushi was fresh and good.  I am not sure what has happened, it may be new management, but the quality of the food and location has significantly gone down.  One of my favorite items, the Mango Kimchee Salad, is no longer fresh and full of flavor.  The majority of rolls offered seem to be mayo based. What is this, Metairie? They took away the hibachi and replaced it with crappy little grills that are not hot enough, where you have to cook your own food.  I feel like somebody ruined a really good thing that we had going on for a long time.  RIP Little Tokyo.My sister and I come here for hibachi every time she is in town, and we deliberately planned our day so that we could fit hibachi in. When we were seated, we saw that our favorite hibachi guy Calvin was nowhere to be seen. There was another guy working at a nearby table. I was instantly disappointed but I decided to give him a benefit of the doubt.
When the server took our order, she was very much less than pleasant. It may just be that she is having a bad day at work but she made us feel like less than valuable customers. When she brought soup for everyone, she brought 4 first, even though there were 5 people at the table, then said that she would bring the last one, but I saw her bring someone a refill at a different table before coming back with the soup.
Then the hibachi finally started. This guy spoke in a very heavy accent, I don't know if it's his normal accent or if it was fabricated. But he kept trying to make "Japanese jokes," calling soy sauce Japanese ketchup. And calling pretty much everything else Japanese something. He stopped his show to ask us, "What are you? Chinese? Japanese? Korean?" I know that older Asian folks can be pretty blunt but come on. What are you?
Then he proceeded to burn all the food. And the zucchini and our seafood was bland.
Then the server just dropped the check off at our table without us asking for it, before my sister was finished eating, and didn't make it a point to say "take your time" or anything.
I can't do anything about crappy servers, but for hibachi I guess I need to call and check if Calvin is working.This little Tokyo used to have hibachi, but it's no longer there. I was very disappointed, but we ate there anyway. Apparently they're doing some refurbishing and replacing the hibachi with something better- 
The pho honestly tasted like heaven. Ever wondered what heaven taste like? Then come to this place. We had a few sushi rolls and some Pho. The pho was the beef and it tasted a little salty. The staff overheard me and gave us complimentary rolls of sushi! Very nice people at this place.Am I the only one I looked for other reviews about the smell of this place not sure if I have a super sensitive nose but this place smells horrible like mold and trash , I sat at the bar first thinking it was the moldy smell behind the bar hen I decided to sit at sushi bar so I walked though restraunt smell got even worse heading toward the sushi bar the floors definitely need to be changed out in here either the place was flooded and carpets were not changed or something the smell would have made it impossible for me to keep my food down . Also smells like they use a lot of bleach to mask the smell so the combination is horrible I used the restroom and left can u believe when I walked in the bathroom it smelled better which tell me it is the carpet as the bathroom had tile  wow last time I ever walk in this place againMy boyfriend and I love Little Tokyo! Their tofu steak is phenomenal -- generally I find tofu dishes to be lacking, as though they were thrown on the menu just to appease the vegetarians. Even at Japanese restaurants, tofu dishes are often just heated slabs of tofu smothered in sauce. At Little Tokyo, the tofu steak is cooked to perfection by someone who knows what they're doing. It has a paper-thin crust and just enough sauce for flavor. Even my meat-eating boyfriend loves it. Their garden salad is really fresh and yummy as well. My boyfriend generally gets a rice bowl -- chicken , beef teriyaki, etc. -- and it is absolutely humongous! He enjoys it very much and he does tend to be picky. My only real complaint is a bit silly; I really don't like fish, and when I ordered my standard veg roll (sweet potato tempura with avocado) it tasted fishy. Not sure if it was the seaweed or if it was tainted by the workspace, but I couldn't eat it. This is a small complaint as technically sushi is supposed to be fishy. Also, the fried ice cream isn't quite crisp enough but the mochi is very good! Service ranges from average to impeccable. Best to dine in though. We ordered takeout recently as it's hard to eat out with a new baby, and my boyfriend didn't check the bag so he ended up having to go back because they forgot half our order (side soups and salads, extra salad for me). All in all, this is definitely one of our favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.Its decent for sushi when you really crave it. Not the best but options are slim in the area. Try not to sit by the hibachi area unless you like stinking when you leave.I didn't like the Little Tokyo roll made here. It honestly tasted so bland to me, and I gave the place a second chance, but the rolls were still not as satisfying. Even though there was sauce on it, it still tasted like nothing to me. Service was eh. Maybe I just come on an off day. Sorry.The burning man roll is pretty and darn tasty. Service has always been good and the private karaoke rooms are a blast. We've a monthly date with friends here for some time and have always had a good experience.
I've never  been wowed by their sashimi but the rolls are consistently good.Would not recommend. Didn't like the smell of the restaurant and sushi did not seen fresh. The waitress was nice though.Been here a while back, finally reviewed it..
Probably the best sushi around New Orleans, nice atmosphere, nice staff.
My girlfriend orders sushi, I am more of an appetizer type of guy.. the beef tataki is pretty good as also the baked salmon, but the must get items here are the chef salad and the hamachi kama.. oh so good..The service was impeccable, and I would give our server an A+;we were attended to very well. 
This poor review is only about the food.
Ordered the Beef Teriyaki tempura Combo. It's served on a long rectangular plate with pieces of fruit, to the left, tempura veg and shrimp stacked in the middle, and slices of beef with teriyaki sauce to the right. 
The fruit- had a tomato slice mixed in with grapes, oranges, melons, etc. i know that technically, tomatoes are fruits, but that's weird-I'm sorry. 
The tempura was heavily battered and did not have that light airy crispness that makes tempura...tempura. The ponzu tempura dipping sauce was watery and tasteless.
The beef was 50+ shades of grey. I ALWAYS want my seared beef to to have the browned, yummy, "maillard" effect...it's so unappetizing "steamed" like hey had it. But the syrupy teriyaki sauce was brown enough....uh No. Sorry. Must be nice to have no completion and be the only (faux) Japanese place around.This was a neat experience and a good alternative to teppanyaki where you don't get a show, but you cook your own food.
We went for my daughter's 18th birthday. We sat at a Japanese BBQ table. We ordered 4 different meats (including the beef intestine) and a couple of sushi rolls. The food was good
The server was very helpful, attentive and friendly.I can honesty say that I enjoy hibachi a lot more than the average person. Little Tokyo had always been my favorite place in the city, until today. 
I was finally able to experience their lunch and the service was terrible to say the least. We arrive just after 1pm and were seated right away at a table along with 2 other people. It took about 20 minutes just to place our orders and get waters.
We expected a little wait because they always have to fill up the table, but an hour and a half later.... We were still waiting for our hibachi experience to start.
We talked to the manager and she was very unbothered by this. We told her that the hostess said their were 2 chefs. She said yes but after 2pm, there is only one. What?!! We have been here since 1!
So we were forced to wait even longer since there was only one chef. When we did get out food, it was fine. But definitely not worth the two hours it took out of my day. 
We received no apology and no discounts.Simple and tasty. I like little Tokyo for its no nonsense food. Pretty affordable tooSushi was really good and fresh.  Atmosphere is just fine.  Service was friendly.
I thought the prices were a tad high for lunch.
My favorite sushi (and value) is still Good Times Sushi on Elysian Fields Ave.STAY AWAY!! We just left and won't be coming back. Server completely forgot my order, my date's dinner was marginal at best. I am now in line at Felipe's.The quality of food has diminshed greatly over the years. The sushi menu is small too.Great food, but more importantly, they have an awesome sake menu. There are many different types including an entire menu of infused sakes. I like the unfiltered sake infused with coconut and lemon grass.Delightful sushi experience. Sticky table, sticky seats. Cobweb in the corner. Wonderful sake recommendation. The uptown roll was a revelation. The salmon was passable. The tuna was subpar in the most enchanting way. No one got sick. It tasted just as good coming up as it did going down.I really liked the sushi rolls.  bye bye katrina was really good.  they were all good though.  dessert was okay but not exciting.  that is japan's fault and not little tokyo.  nice atmosphere too.Better customer service at Walmart and fish was old. I didn't eat more than 1 piece of a roll and the arrogant sushi chef said there was nothing wrong with it, didn't offer to make something else or take it off the bill. This place used to be packed all the time, should have known when there was no one at the sushi bar eating. I am really upset because it food and service at knew time was amazing.Pretty badass! Totally affordable (but not cheap, per se), the food is well-done standard Japanese fare, nice local twists on sushi (using crawfish and such), and the hibachi is fantastic. They're lunch combo deals are the best bang for your buck.The place is good and food was good as well. 
But the only complain I have is that they do not do individualized bill and as we had a big group of 12 people. It got really complicated to calculate the bill. It totally ruined our mood as it took us like 30 mins to straighten it out.My girlfriend and I stopped in here on a Saturday night around 8:30.  The hostess gave us a lunch menu - that we couldn't order off of.  The sushi was just okay.  I had tempura chicken that came with a mystery sauce.  There is much better sushi in New Orleans.  I think our waiter forgot that he was a waiter.  Service was slow.  The restaurant has an identity crisis.  There is a stage for karaoke and some disco-type lights.  No one was singing on a Saturday night.  Otherwise, the restaurant was low-lit, like it was trying to be a quiet, intimate restaurant.  Nothing to write home about.One of my favorite sushi restaurants.  The absolute best?  No.  Consistently good?  Yes.
Here, you can always count on good sushi, good service and a nice, quiet atmosphere.  A little higher priced than most others but you're paying for the nice atmosphere.  In an area of Mid City where parking is at a premium now but rarely have trouble finding a parking space at the height of the lunch hour.TBH this place is sort of a shithole BUT the sushi is very surprisingly good. It's not cheap and the service is slow and they leave dirty plates hanging around for 30+ minutes but some of the waiters seem like they are trying to get it right. If you're stuck in the area, sit at the sushi bar and order there. Otherwise I would probably pass on this place.Little Tokyo is always a good choice! The rolls are great and so is the service. I'm a big fan!Went here for lunch. Staff was attentive and lunch Hibachi prices were decent. Friendly environment. Sushi was delicious as well.Nice sake selection and a good sushi menu. Last time I was here they did a custom for me. They also have other food selections as will if sushi isn't your thing. I always sit at the bar and service is easy. Indoor and outdoor seating pleases everyone :)
I've had better, fresher sushi and salads but I paid more for them too. 
This is a good place for the price, especially the sake!I am a huge fan of the other Little Tokyo locations, but this one is definitely lacking in the same type of atmosphere. It's a large restaurant that has great useable space, but every time I've been it's empty. The food is alright and the Japanese BBQ concept is cool.I went to this location one day because I thought it was the same as the one farther towards the river on Carrollton, with the karaoke. I really could not see how the two places are related. This place sucked. They DIDN'T HAVE ANY SPICY FOOD what???? At the other location you choose between four levels of spiciniess. One friend ordered sushi and it sucked, and I ordered a really bland beef broth soup.
Completely uninspired. What a let down. Never straying from uptown for my spicy noodle fix again!Nice quiet comfortable environment, Chicken Hibachi was good, sushi was good nice portion sizes..hostess was polite and very friendly, will visit again !!!!It is a very quiet restaurant so we tend to sit in the restaurant but the food is great and our server tonight was exceptional.Super fresh sushi that gets flown in straight from Japan every Thursday.  Decor inside is a little weird, the tables for two are too big.  The sushi and tempura lunch special is huge and a great value.I like this Little Tokyo more than the uptown one. Now that I'm living in Mid City, this one is more convenient for me anyway.
I haven't been that impressed with the sushi at the uptown LT, so I was happy that the group i went with recently wanted to hit the hibachi at this location. Who can't love hibachi? So tasty, so salty, so fun. Sure, it's the same "show" pretty much wherever you go, but there's something fun about watching the food be prepared right in front of you. And you never know when your chef might accidentally slice off a finger! Mmmm, so fresh!
There's always more to eat than any human can handle, too. Be smart and share with your neighbor. You'll still get plenty to eat and it'll be half the price. 
Now I'm hungry and craving hibachi. Will they do a hibachi table for 1, ya think?When rating this restaurant, I almost gave it 3 stars because of the service. The service was OK, not the greatest. Having worked in the service industry for years, I am more understanding. The problem here though was they really had no excuse to be so unattentive with our table. The restaurant was not very crowded. It was as if they kept avoiding coming near us.  Oh well, now to the food.
We ordered miso, excellent...Shared some fried rice, also great. We were simple with our rolls and ordered the crunchy dynamite, midcity, and crawfish roll. My favorite of the three was the midcity roll.  
Little Tokyo will certainly see me again..Probably the best Little Tokyo location I've been to so far.  Larger portions and better service seem to characterize this spot.  The ambiance doesn't really scream sushi joint and is more generic restaurant.  Quick and easy spot to grab some food at a decent price and all day happy hour on Sundays.I like this one the best out of the 3 location I have gone to. It's cleaner and nicer looking then the other 2. The food is good and prices are reasonable. They have pretty good happy hours also. However , I don't think they separate rooms for karaoke. It looks like a big ole room where everyone can see. But I could be wrong. I just never see anybody sings there.Unfortunately, this place has gone completely down hill in the last few years. We used to enjoy sitting at the cocktail bar to eat and enjoy the small buzz it drew. Lately, the bar is always empty and I can understand why.  The bartenders have huge turnover and never overly friendly. Beyond that, the hostess sits at the bar and watches tv (channel of her choice and remote in hand) while on her phone. ?!?!  Not sure how this flies, but it does.  I still enjoy the food, so maybe I'll order to-go.  But we won't be dining in any longer.One of my favorite restaurants in mid city. The fish is as fresh as it gets and the staff is very helpful.It was a cold night and what's better to eat than some hot ramen tonkatsu! I come here for the buttery goodness they call soup and it's well worth it. When I come here, I split the ramen bowl into two and it still almost seems like the same amount! The main area has a stage for guest to sing for free. I think that only happens after 8pm? 
The sushi is okay... But usually after a few bottles of sake, everything tastes good! I can't say the same about the singing. Lol 
I feel they need to upgrade the karaoke system or speakers. The sound quality isn't up to par with some of the competition and it doesn't seem like they care too much for that aspect of the whole entertainment spectrum.I've driven by this restaurant many times but decided to drop in for lunch with a few friends. I had one of the lunch specials - clear soup, chicken teriyaki, chicken rice (yes, I like chicken :)) and a small salad; my friends had the Chef's Special salad and tuna rolls - plenty of delicious food for a good price. Our waiter was very attentive and even brought us warm hand towels prior to our meal. It's a nice quiet spot for a date or for catching up with a few friends over good Japanese food.Had dinner here last night with a friend; it was delish! The thing I have learned about Little Tokyo is that you need to sit at the sushi bar. I have sat at tables and been disappointed, but never at the sushi bar. The sushi chefs are interesting and interact with you and tell you their favorites.  The roll we loved last night was the Rice Crispy Roll; crab, shrimp, and more piled high upon a fried rice crispy sort of cracker.  Unbelievably good.  And the Nigiri unflitered Sake was just the right accompaniment. I would highly recommend Little Tokyo! Their website rocks too; http://www.littletokyonola.com/The hibachi was the BEST in the city.  Easily one of my favorite restaurant in the city.  Unfortunately they don't have it anymore.I would steer clear of this restaurant at all costs. I contracted Hepatitis A from eating at this restaurant. Also, they have a huge problem with rodents and cockroaches here. Imagine what the kitchen is like. I was out of work for almost 2 weeks and lost 11 lbs from eating here. Go somewhere else.Their sushi is great and their dinners are even better. The food was so fresh and delicious, our service was great. You get a lot of food with your order, so unless you want a lot of leftovers, I suggest ordering less or sharing.  We will definitely be back!Props for being open on Monday.  We sat at the sushi bar and were given two salads, I guess they were complimentary because we didn't order them.  This turned out to be my favorite thing.  Greens topped with some seaweed salad, squid and fried onions?  I don't know but it was delightful and way better than the weird and heavily-mayonnaised salad they give you at Mikimoto.  
We ordered yellowtail, tuna and escolar by the piece.  Yellowtail is usually my favorite but this did not have a good taste.  BBQ yellowtail had no sauce and tuna-avocado was very skimpy on the avocado.  We also had the seafood salad and it was very generous and tasty by the end but initially not so good because the sauce was all at the bottom and it wasn't tossed.  They have a ton of specialty rolls, which is cool but I found it overwhelming, we ordered the Burning Man, which never came and I didn't mind at all because I was so full.  Overall, it was ok, not awful, but can't hold a candle to my NOLA favorite, Horinoya.  Also, they use the nasty, dyed Pepto-Bismol pink ginger, why does ginger need to be dyed?  My final gripe, they don't seem to season their rice and it's very plain.  But hey, they're open Mondays and do karaoke so I'll probably be back.  Next time I will try the ramen, which I have heard is really good.My fave in town for sushi. Used to like Horinoya best, but surly service put me off. Shogun is good, but it's in Metrie (and freezing-- turn the AC down!) Anyway, Little Tokyo has an extensive menu with usual choices and then some, including an interesting twist on gumbo-- a miso soup base w softshell crab if I remember correctly. Since I'm a Mid-City gal, I'm happy to find a sushi spot by me!Pretty damn good for the price. Not fancy. Ample selection. Solid sushi. I wasn't crazy about the mayo-heavy dressing on the sashimi salad- especially after specifically asking the sushi chefs if the dressing contained mayo in order to avoid it-  but it didn't ruin the meal. There seemed to be a bit of a language barrier so I'll know to make it clearer next time. Also, it tends to be really cold in there so bring a light sweater if you're the type of person who gets cold when you go places.I love hibachi.  I have eaten it just about everywhere it is offered in the area. This location of  Little Tokyo is the best.
The hibachi comes with noodles; hibachi rice is extra.  The filet and the shrimp are delicious and the chefs are very good about not over cooking the meats.  They let you share, but there is an extra $5 charge which includes an extra soup and salad.  
Everything is cooked in garlic butter.  In my opinion,  the liberal use of garlic butter is the deciding factor in the taste of hibachi.  They get an A.  
The veggies are very well seasoned, but they do not include broccoli.I've been going to this Little Tokyo for quite some time now and usually had great experiences. At least twice a week I would grab sushi during their happy hour with friends, but the restaurant stopped offering it. It's a shame, we really did love going here because it was affordable sushi that actually tasted good. I guess we'll have to go to one of the many other places that offers a happy hour.Another Little Tokyo location (one of three - Causeway and soon to be Belle Chasse Hwy on the Westbank) - this one I guess occupied the former Chateau Briand????  Not too sure, but on to the review.
Wow is this place such a huge upgrade from the Causeway location.  Hardwood floors, deep red fabric walls w/ varying patterns, and decent chairs....
However, the inflated prices obviously go into paying for this restaurant....damn.  
Had the garlic seared tuna salad...it was so tiny and unflavorful like the Causeway location!!!  Such a disappointment.  FEMA roll was awesome - snow crab and salmon, asparagus, avocado, rice with spicy tuna on top in a soy wrap....soooo good!  Metairie roll had snow crab and tuna with avocado and a sweet type of sauce on top...delicious!  
Uh..our server was awkward....not so attentive and very weird!  His name is great though - Juanchu!  Haha...great name man!
Downside was we had to wait..no one was at the hosting table and we awkwardly stood there....hibachi is available....My girlfriend mentioned that she thought the sushi at the mid city location is better than the one in Metairie.  I tend to agree, but the sushi at either location is perfection.  Although I generally judge all sushi off the sushi brothers standard, this place blazes its own trail.  They have spicy edamame that is delectable - spicy garlicky, warm and sooo good.  The service is excellent - fast and friendly.  
You must try the burning man and the chocolate city roll.  They are not on the menu but are truly phenomenal.  They have a fema roll like sushi bros, but I wouldn't waste my time with it because it really doesn't compare.  I am not a big fan of the blackjack roll.  
If you eat like my friends and I do, you stand to drop a little cash at Little Tokyo, but I think it is worth it.  Their sushi rice is PERFECT and their rolls huge.  
The ambiance in the dining room is swanky, relaxing, and even romantic.  Basically, it makes sushi bros look like burger king in comparison.  I always ask for the corner table, nestled in a little nook with decadent upholstered benches and candlelight.  A great place for a date!Food was okay, but nothing amazing for the price. Still on the search for good sushi in New Orleans.Former site of a Shoney's, this is one of my favorite sushi spots in mid-city. I once had a seafood soup which reminded me of an Asian version of gumbo. The sushi is always fresh, the service friendly, though sometimes you have to track your server down in the large multi-room layout.  Not cheap but for the quality of the food a good deal.The hostess is garbage. She was on the phone, then when we sat down she made my elderly grandmother get up and move for some lady who wanted to sit alone on the side of the hibachi table- so that she could talk on her cell phone the whole time. Then when I asked to speak to the so called manager about the situation and how they treat people the manager yelled at me. 
If you want to run to the bathroom- have the sushi
If you want over priced, rude service sit at the hibachi 
Screw this place. Don't bring your loved ones here if you are looking for service esp after they come out of the hospital wanting some miso soup.One of the best sushi restaurants I have been to in New Orleans. The Bye Bye Katrina roll was visually stunning and very tasty. Their speciality rolls are huge, but even the small standard ones are done very well. Everything was fresh and they will do soy paper for a $1 charge.Its been so long since I've been here!  Was around the area, so we decided to pass by and eat sushi!  
- Hamachi Kama - the collar of yellowtail fish - cooked to perfection, sauce was prepared well, perfect amount of citrus!
- Squid Salad - cut into pieces, served on a hot plate with butter, delicious!
- Special Chef Salad - delicious and light, perfect to share and to munch on before your entree comes
- Burning Man Roll - spicy tuna & crunchy inside, with pepper tuna & avocado on top - delicious roll
- Bye Bye Katrina Roll - shrimp tempura, eel, avocado, cucumber, and smelt roe inside & snowcrab on top - also another delicious roll
Can't wait to come back when in town to eat sushi again!Went here surprisingly for the first time the other night, as I couldn't bring myself to do Hoshun one more time.  For $17.95, I got the beef terriyaki and sahsimi dinner platter, which included salad, soup, rice.  They included a good amount of sashimi and the beef was pretty tasty.  
I also hear that their location Uptown on South Carrolton is open super late.  Looks like Hoshun finally has a replacement!I am rating this establishment one star because we were not acknowledged as customers. They are closed however when my family and I walked up, we saw about 3 employees and they all saw us. We attempted to open the door and there is no sign showing the hours of operations. I understand that they are closed but if you see customers at your door,common courtesy is to just say hey we are closed we open in 30 minutes or something. But to literally just walk passed the front door and keep walking after making eye contact with us is just rude and not proper customer service. If it was not for my husband insisting we eat here for lunch, I would have left.Went to Little Tokyo last night for sushi. Service was good, quick at getting anything we requested. The sushi was just alright though... a lot of reasonably priced options, but when we ordered our rolls, none of them stood out. Just not particularly delicious or creative (specifically, the House Special roll was disappointing). However, the rolls were a very good size (8 size-able pieces for some, 6 large pieces for other rolls), so I think there is good value in that.
The atmosphere was also a bit odd, we were in a dining room to the left with very quiet music, so you could hear everyone else's conversations, and felt like you had to speak in a hushed voice. Not a very fun environment.
Overall, Little Tokyo was fine, but there are so many other, more creative places to get sushi in New Orleans! (Kyoto, Origami, Sushi Bros..)I had one of my best karaoke experiences here.  Definitely rent a room and go all-out with your friends.  The sushi was good enough (definitely better than some spots around here but maybe not up to par if you're from the Bay Area), and the curried fries looked like poo on fries but were the most delightful thing I had ever tasted.  The service was super friendly and prompt and aided in the overall ridiculousness (in a good way) of the night.I really like the Japanese BBQ concept at this location. It's great for special occasions, like birthdays, because it provides a unique dining experience. 
There are several different types of meats ranging from seafood to intestines to beef tongue. I've tried all of them now, and I have to say they're all seasoned perfectly. If the meat is overcooked or undercooked, you only have yourself to blame. If your cooking surface gets too charred, you can ask them to replace it. 
I highly recommend any of the steak cuts, and the shrimp. The shrimp tastes fresh and is cleaned very well. It doesn't have that gritty taste or texture like when shrimp isn't devained.Not sure what's going on here, but stay far far away! We walked in on Saturday at 7:45pm the hostess station had been replaced with a dry erase board with arrows pointing in different directions. One for dining room, one for hibachi, and another for the sushi bar. We walked in the room to the bar and nobody greeted us. There were a few tables with diners in the dining room and one at the hibachi. We sat down at the completely empty sushi bar and the sushi chefs just stared at us. Nobody offered us drinks or a menu. The chef finally asked us what we wanted and we said dinner. We asked him what happened to the hostess station, he said in a strange tone that the owner was making some changes. We looked at him and the fish, and decided to leave. We told him that it was not his fault but we were afraid to eat there. He did not seem to disagree with us and completely understood. Stay away!I've been here about 5 times. Overpriced, rude, hibachi meat burned 4 out of 5 times. I will never waste my money and time there!I came here to try the ramen, but to my disappointment it was really salty. The both time I went the ramen were salty. The rolls and sushi are good, but I had better. The service is okay; we usually come in and sit ourselves and wait fo a server to see us and then menus are given. The server do check on you, but they aren't present the whole time. All in all, the food and service can be better.I really like the sushi bar, the seaweed soup is delicious I never thought I would like it. It's expensive as hell (I didn't pay for it... But still!) I rarely say this, but the money is worth it.I've enjoyed everything I've had here thus far and would love to continue to "try" my way through the menu.(A bit at a time, a girl can only do so much at once.) I'm loving the puns! Each experience there does not disappoint. And I liked the Gekkeikan Sake before the Saints started winning.Anytime I want Ramen I come here and the menu is not small. A lot of choices with quality in every dish. First Place I tried Jelly Fish so you can see with that they have a diverse menu. Itadakimasu!This is my favorite Japanese Restaurant in the city!  The food is great! The Chocolate City roll is my favorite! It's probably one of the least expensive sushi places in comparison to close by Japanese restaurants.  Their uptown location on Carrollton stays open til 2am! The service isn't spectacular so I'd recommend sitting at the sushi bar! Still my favorite!