Delicious food at a great price and good portions. The courtyard is beautiful. I can honestly not think of anything negative to say.very nicely done renovation to a classic old building - lovely courtyard would be great for a reception. Gelato is deelish; competitively priced. friendly staff.They were very small cups of ice cream with a small spoon for $4.  It was good if you can handle that price for an itty bitty cup.  The ice cream was very good.  So if your desperate and you don't mind paying the price - go for it.Great find!  I really can't find any fault with this place! Had the Siciliano Panini, which comes with Italian deli meats, provolone, greens & balsamic reduction.  Looked and tasted very good!  Came with a side of an eggplant parmesan soup...nice!  Good, strong brewed iced tea.  Had the dark chocolate & butterfingers gelato....closest I've had to gelato from Florence.  Also tasted the berry & nutella versions...very good also.  The gelato is presented nicely in the case...always kept neat & easy to figure out what the flavors are.  The place is in a vibrant neighborhood for window-shopping, and has seating on the covered sidewalk, inside at tables or at counter stools.  Place looked clean, staff was friendly & they have a nice restroom on the back patio. Nice vibe...a little gem!Tried the sandwich that starts with an M.... I can't spell so I won't embarrass myself. It was great!!!! They have all sorts of Italian street food, including ice cream.This little cafe does Sicilian food.  We came for the pizza, and I think it hit the spot for hubs.
Veggie Pizza by the Slice:  Good ingredients.  Especially the roasted red pepper.  Nice enough size, but I think it was billed as a focaccia pizza.  Crust was not thick enough to be focaccia, but topping's compensated.  6/10
Mardis Gras Salad- Crunchy almonds were a nice touch.  Cheese added the savory touch that the salad needed, and I always like cranberries in my salad.  However, the dressing on top of the berries and the candied almonds were a bit too much sweetness for me.  5/10
3.5 stars for solid food, but the service from Shelly was amazing.  She was the star of the show here.O calzone foi delicioso. Vc monta de acordo com sua própria vontade dentro das opções de ingredientes oferecidos. O atendimento se destacou pela simpatia. Voltarei!We stopped here an while had a cannoli while roaming the streets of the French Quarter.  Mainly we stopped in here so I could use the restroom in the courtyard.  While it was not comparable to Mike's Pastry in the North End of Boston, it was good, and a welcomed resting spot while walking around in the hot weather.Came in on Mardi Gras day the food was great. I had their pizza. Practically devoured the entire pizza myself. They also served Gelato and I had a scoop of chocolate cheesecake, it was delicious. After I got the check I was disappointed about their $10 "table" charge. I asked about the charge and they said because it was Mardi Gras they had to charge to eat there.Happen to come upon this place because the door was open to the gelato. Oh my was it delish! No matter what the size you get, they pile it on. It doesn't go by scoops, just by whatever flavors you want. Great atmosphere. Waitress was really attentive. Got a slice of pizza. Wasn't the best but was good overall. Will go back!Good food and good price.
There is a very nice 'patio' in the back. 
The waiter is very nice and helpful.I had the PLT here. It tasted like mayonnaise and nothing else.  I wanted to grab some ice cream on the way out, but the guy was too busy talking to a friend to serve me... so I left.Little Vic's Ice Cream statue was a welcomed sight as I walked around the French Quarter on a hot, humid day.  
For $3.75, you'll receive a small scoop of gelato while a large will set you back $5.50.  (A large is equivalent to about two scoops)
Each flavor is homemade daily and I'm told, depending on the mood of the chef, the flavors can change daily as well.  If you come in here and see either the Biscotti or Straciatella flavors, GET THEM BOTH!  The biscotti has biscotti cookie crumbs mixed into the creamy, light chocolate dessert and the straciatella is a mixture of white/dark chocolate with diced almonds.  
The other flavors I had were Pistachio and Oreo which is pretty much cookies and cream.  The employees all agreed Pistachio is their best selling flavor, but I felt it tasted like peanut ice cream flavor...not an enjoyably tasting one for me.  
----
Conclusion: After two visits during my trip in New Orleans, I feel this Italian eatery has some impressive, great tasting gelato flavors that can compete with the best in SoCal. The only major flaw on both occasions were the stale ice cream cones.  Despite that, I LOVE the back of the establishment which had an open roof, christmas lights, and mimicked an Italian Courtyard-- a very romantic touch.  Little Vic's is a spot worth cherishing as ice creameries are sparse within the French Quarter. I'd love to come back for their food as well.
Extra Notes:
-Accepts credit card
-Service was friendly and patient here
-Decor has local art strewn about the walls
-One TV at bar
-Restoom could be cleanerHoly moly this is an amazing place is the FQ. Incredibly reasonably priced. $9 for sandwich and a side together. And it is d-lish-ous. Paninis are great. Salads are substantial and service is as kind as can be. Pretty quick too. Great atmosphere and feel.This place was fantastic! We had the lasagna and a salad with homemade italian dressing, and the Etna panini with risotto. It was all very delicious! The homemade italian dressing was oh so good, and the lasagna was yummy as well. They went a little heavy on the cheese with the risotto, but it was still pretty darn good. The panini was crispy and very well-done and filling. We also had biscotto gelato that was FANTASTIC. It was hard making a choice because every one we sampled was really good.
The courtyard is soooo pretty, too, with these great string lights and a wonderful atmosphere. Our waitress was very nice as well.The ice cream was good after I took out the long black hair that was in my vanilla/chocolate chips dish.ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE SERVICE! Forget Little Vic's and go to Sucre.
Came in because this place got 4 star ratings for ice cream. Stopped in and saw that there is a connecting section for beer and pizza and that no one was at the ice cream section to serve. Went to the pizza section to wait and this server/cook didn't acknowledge me at all even though I stood right in front of him at the bar. THEN, he went to help another person who came in. This happened on 4/23/16 @ 10:25pm. 
There was a female server who said she would be back to help me, but when she came back I got ignored too.
SUCRE has a much better selection and great staff.We went there with a Groupon deal (14 for $7) on a Sat. during the French Quarter Fest and the moment we stepped into this place, we fell in love with their hospitality and kindness and generosity of their staff. The lady who took our ice cream orders were amazingly nice and sociable and generous and the amount of ice cream she would scoop out was very generous :) 
Anyway, generous portion, tasty ice cream, sociable people, what else do you wanna get when ordering an ice cream?!!!!
We will def. be back even without a Groupon! :) You guys are adorable! 
(p.s. if the owner ever reads this, plz dont tell your staff to reduce the portion size. it's def a plus for this business. You can get ice cream from anywhere else. Whats special about your place is the hospitality and kindness of your staff that make these reviews all 5 star!)Bought the Groupon, but food was mediocre and so was the Gelato. It tasted off, like not real Gelato. Service was good and the dining area was clean. Would I return? I think I would rather just stay at home and eat Blue Bell.Good friendly service, better than average gelato but in my opinion it needs more gelato flavors and more pastries and pizzas freshly made and displayed and ready yet, the calzone that someone else ordered looked amazing, will go back to try that:)Easily the best gelato I have had in New Orleans with huge portions and a large selection of flavors. If your in the quarters on a sweltering hot day this is a must stop. The blood orange I found to be the best flavor. 
Right now they have a great deal on Groupon. Get it today and you won't be sorry.Great food, desserts and customer service. Great New Orleans food with out shrimp or alligator, which came in handy because I don't eat either. The restaurant is quaint and beautiful. My family had a great time. I would definitely eat hear againSome of the best Italian ice cream outside of Italy. Try the Chili Chocolate or the Lemon. So refreshing on a hot summer day! Better than a chain, eat local!I was a little confused when I arrived here because I wanted gelato and there are two entrances. I stood behind a few people until I got a crusty from someone in the line going toward the other entrance and then moved. The courtyard is awesome if you can get a seat outside and the guy that served me gave me twice the gelato I thought I paid for so that was a steal!Came to Little Vic's on a food tour. We got not only some very good muffaletta on home baked bread, but we got to learn that Vic is a real person and it's a family owned business. Very cool!
Nice little courtyard to step away from the busy FQ streets and relax a bit. Recommend!Fantastic gelato, we missed an opportunity to sit in the scenic courtyard due to St.Josephs festival;however the service was warm and inviting! Gelato nice and refreshing!I would give this place 0 stars if I could. Stopped in late night to get an Irish coffee. Fine no problem. The gentleman that prepared the coffee did a fine job. The problem here lies with the young unprofessional gentleman that identified himself as "manager/owner". I was talking to one of the people in my party and commented that the deserts in the case didn't look good. Apparently he heard my comment and started yelling at me. I was attempting to pay for my coffee at the time, he is screaming at me telling me just take the coffee and get out. He even went as far as calling me out of my name telling me I was being a B**CH! Now what reputable business owner would ever treat a customer that way. This was my FIRST and LAST time here!The server Shelley was great, but they need to fix the gelato freezers as all the gelato was soft and soupy!Almost missed it.  A great storefront hides the real awesomeness of quaint spot.   The pizza is super,  only to be outmatched by the incredible gellato.   Fun place for a dose of deliciousness.Great Italien food in a very nice courtyard. Very reasonable prices. Looks a bit boring at first look, but took us by surprise! We had great pizzas and lasagna and The courtyard with fans and shade and lovely flowers was better than expected!Lovely gelato shop a half block off Bourbon Street with a quaint quiet courtyard in the back to enjoy the yummy ice cream on a warm summer night. Highly recommended!!Wandering New Orleans late at night with friends and extremely hungry we stumbled into Little Vic's and boy am I glad we did. The customer service was phenomenal and the food was delicious (for both those extremely inebriated and our sober DD's). The pasta was delicious and the establishment (and bathrooms) were clean and in good repair. 
I definitely would recommend Little Vic's for your New Orleans Italian needs.If you're starving for a quick slice of pizza, don't go with what you see first on bourban st, take a turn on a side street and stop by here and grab a scoop of gelato on your way outDelicious gelato, friendly service, great location. What more can ya ask for? Try the Nutella. Seems cliche, but hey, its good so who cares?Super friendly service, open pretty much all day even on Xmas, and decent food.  Well, we only had dessert, but it was good...
We had gelato, coffee, and hot chocolate, all of which were very good.  We had dropped in the day before to check their hours, and both times we were greeted and chatted up by helpful servers.  It's a little shop, sort of an ice cream counter out front, a bar, and half a dozen tables.  We would definitely go back.We needed a non-alcoholic break from the haunted bars app we were following, and this was the perfect stop. They were open late, had a cute courtyard, and the gelato was amazing! We tried the pistachio and tira misu, and both were excellent. Will go back and try the pizza soon.They're so nice here and their gelato is so good! We didn't try their food, but go in and sample their gelato!Yum yum Gelato! Found this place on my way back to our hotel after dinner. Perfect dessert. I saw they had outdoor courtyard seating which looked nice but we sat inside which was also cozy. The cups looked small but they do pile on the gelato. Nice little cafe.BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM
What do you get when you cross a nightclub with a friendly neighborhood gelateria? 
You get VIC'S!
The drum and bass was thumping as my baby boomer dad, the boyfriend, and I waltzed in for sweet treats. Not awkward at all. The walls were adorned with black and white photos of the family in their old country and maps of Italy alongside a fashionable poster of a sexy shirtless gentleman. I'm not opposed to either aesthetics, but in conjunction they plagued my mind. 
Kudos for the gelato presentation. All the flavors are represented with the actual fruit or candy stuck into the gelato itself. For example, a slice of watermelon was fixed in the vat of watermelon flavored gelato. This cuts down on sample time but only works because the flavors are not exotic. 
We did get a cheery goodbye when we left- another plus.gelato delicious , service sucked employees were rude & obnoxiousAfter leaving Preservation Hall, we walked here at 10pm and got the melon gelato (about $4 for a small cup). It was really good. Bonus points for their late closing times; there's not many places to get gelato into 2am.A little cafe that you could miss even if you were standing right in front of it (we did), Little Vic's offers some excellent gelato in the middle of the French Quarter.
I would've liked more chocolate choices in their ten (or was it twelve?) flavors they offered, but the variety allows something for everyone. From sweet-tart fruit flavors of a cranberry/raspberry or a light and refreshing lime all the way to the chocolate peanut butter than I went with (thankfully not too sugary), you'll find something good. And we were offered two (or three) sample tastes before we made our choices.
A "large" was over $7, a "medium" was around $6, and the "small" was just under $5. That felt a little much even for gelato, but they piled the little cup enough that I had all I needed with the small size.
Our server was very polite and friendly and Vic's offered a nice break from the raucous streets of New Orleans.Boy, it sure rained hard last Sunday. We had enjoyed four days of great weather, visiting New Orleans for a wedding. During the downpour, we popped into Little Vic's. Getting our bearings, we had stumbled into a very casual Sicilian cafe', so decided it was lunchtime. My wife had the Etna panini, while I enjoyed the lasagna al ragu. Both came with Caesar salads, which were quite good. Plus, they serve Birra Moretti, so life is good. For an inexpensive but satisfying meal, this is the place.The outdoor patio is gorgeous in the evening! I went on Christmas Day so it was decorated with lights and wreaths. The waiter was very nice and helpful. I got the vegetable pizza and it was delicious. My cousin and sister ate the pepperoni pizza and said it was amazing. I recommend this place to anyone that loves good pizza. They also have really good ice cream. I recommend the peanut butter and strawberry cheesecake ice cream.Bad customer service. Older woman serving us acted as though we were troubling her by being there. Lots of eye rolling and sarcasm. This treatment was uncalled for since we were polite to her.Our cemetery tour guide brought us here towards the end of our walking tour.  I wondered if he receives a kickback lol!  But I was very glad to buy a gelato because after walking for the 2-hour tour I was in need of some refreshment.  For around $5 I chose 2 flavors in a small cup: capuchino and chocolate rum.  It was nice and creamy but I was expecting more of a coffee kick from the capuchino.  The chocolate was chocolaty but not intensely chocolate.  The best part is that they will fill your cup to way overflowing!I'm an ice-cream fan, but I have to say, many acclaimed ice-cream joints have left me underwhelmed. So, I wasn't really expecting much going to Little Vic's. Came here scrounging for ice-cream in the FQ while my brother was visiting. We were initially going to Sucre but it just closed when we got there. So next stop was Little Vic's. Now, the service is one thing, just because there was only 1 lady working the ice-cream, pizza, bar. So, yes it was a  little slow. But I feel like with New Orleans' local businesses where the server is occupied with other customers, just make your request known politely, have a little patience, and you'll be respected and maybe even get a little discount on the ice-cream like we did! My brother got the strawberry-banana, I got the caramel fudge, and boy was it a treat! It restored my faith in ice-cream shops, at least the semi-hole in the wall ones. Their pizza slices were good, too. You could taste the homemade quality in the dough, same with the cream used in the ice-cream.Great little place just off the beaten path. They have a small menu, gelato, and great coffee. There's a small indoor sitting area and a nice little patio area in the back. I recommend the turkey pesto tacchino panini.Great environment good pizza. I had a Bloody Mary and wife had rum and coke, both very potent. Good pizza and loved the court yard. Homemade gelato was a nice added bonus. Don't over stress the "bartender" very limited recipe book.The heat was unreal, so we stopped in for water and ended up getting coffee and ice cream. Wonderful little place to rest your tired feet and the the staff was very friendly.
My rule of thumb on service... don't be an ass to them and they won't be an ass to you!Excellent service. Extremely helpful and welcoming staffer, Weewo (not sure I am spelling his name right). Gelato and Pizza were phenomenal. Would definitely recommend it.I just came in off the street for a gelato and it was fantastic. I got the craving from discussing desserts with our taxi driver. He recommended a place in the French Quarters, but I couldn't remember the name of it. I highly recommend Little Vic's gelato. It's better than Sucre's gelato.Can you be a fan of gelato without being something of a snob about it? Sorry. Five star service, two star gelato... 3.5 overall.Great food and good price! The prosciutto di Parma E Rucola and the Italiano are delicious and HUGE! Definitely coming back next time I'm in town.Stopped after dinner for gelato...amaretto and chocolate Chile were super delish, both recommended, but could have done without the attitude from behind the counter.Came here quick for affagado (gelato with espresso poured on top)! It was very good, I hope to come back soon to try their food!Awesome food, with good portions. We were a group of 5. We ordered the veggie pizza, Arancini and Baked Ziti. Everything was just perfect with my favorite being the ziti. Also the ambience is lovely. I give it 4 stars because, I feel they can improve on their service. Worth a visit if you are in New Orleans and wanna eat Italian.Needed food late night on Halloween that actually had space to accommodate 6 people so we found this place. I got the PLT sandwich which was pretty good but the prosciutto was a bit too salty for me. I also got a drink but can't remember what it was called! It was good but not super strong. Overall, it's a good option if you're nearby and hungry but I think if I came back I'd try something else. They have a nice outdoor patio area too but it was night so didn't sit out there. Staff is friendly and nice despite being very busy!Great little Sicilian cafe just off of Bourbon St! You know it's a quality place when in the course of your lunch, two food tours come through! I had a panini with the risotto, and both were delicious. The panini was nice and crisp loaded with turkey, cheese, avocado, and pesto, each individual component shining through. The risotto was good too, if possibly a little on the thick side. Service was fast and friendly as well! I would definitely recommend it if you need a break from all of the Cajun food in the French Quarter.This might be thee best cannoli I've had like ever in my life. They also have a pretty nice size assortment of gelato.Good gelato, a little on the pricey side. Good selection for different tastes.  Their version of the muffaletta was good, liked the bread better than city grocery.  It's baked fresh every day and a simple baguette.  Small place and nice people.Whoever the lady is that has been answering the phone at night around 9-10 pm is so rude. I called tonight and I called once last week to ask about food items that I saw on display while I was walking to work. 
I had a bisque from here last year and I get coffee from here very frequently. I met the owner when they first opened and he used to being me samples all the time. Their food is amazing but whoever the woman is that's in charge of answering the phone the last two weeks needs to be fired. She has the worst customer service skills in the world and she makes you feel like you're bothering her with questions you should already know the answer to.Love gelato. Good variety of flavors! After leaving this place, I found out that this is a haunted landmark! Yikes!Cooling off with some amazing gelato! We had the pomegranate, biscotti and red velvet. These guys are the real deal and we felt like we were back in Italia! What a great find on our last night in the Big Easy.Albeit a bit small this little gelato shop has good offerings for patrons (usually raucous rabble rousers). The vanilla and biscotti italiano were good. It killed my ice cream fix that i needed.We went here for a late dinner.  Just wanted a simple pizza.  The pizza and side salads were excellent.  They were also out of Diet Coke.  The poor server had to handle the restaurant and the ice cream counter all by herself while the "host" sat on a stool outside.  He couldn't even be bothered to get drinks!   Based on the food and how well the lone server handles the situation I would have gave a 5 but because of the host - they get a 3.We went here as part of a food tour and were served muffulettas. They were fantastic: fresh, hot, and bursting with a variety of flavors. The service was also great. This is a modest, no frills restaurant, but the dining experience was top notch.After a week of amazing seafood in The Big Easy we decided on a change of pace.  Reviews and word of mouth led us to Little Vic's on Toulouse Street.  We ordered a variety and everything was superb.  The Baked Ziti, Little Vic's pulled pork pizza, Pitoni pulled pork fried pie, Tacchino Panino Sandwich, Sicilian Hot Dog and Gelato for dessert were excellent.  My oldest daughter is pretty much spoiled with great food and declared this to be her favorite meal of the trip.  I'm not very inclined to disagree with her.  Outstanding!A poor representation of Italian food. The service was awful and the food didn't make up for it. The food was bland and their pesto didn't even taste authentic. I had to search for any remote flavor. The meats were slippery and rubbery. I understand that it's a little hole in the wall place but this tasted like something out of a lunchables box. The guy taking my order was rude and clearly did not care about his job. I will never come back.This place was super cute. Had an amazing court yard you where you could enjoy your meal. The pizza was absolutely phenomenal and our server, Jennifer, was very friendly and professional. This is definitely a place you need to try if you want pizza! The crust is even made in house!Awesome little spot!  I wish would of tried the Calzone OMG it looked so good.  My Turkey with Basil Pesto and Avocado Panini was very yummy!  The Gelato "fogetaboutit".  The Key Lime Pie! The cheesecake!  The Red Velvet! And don't forget the King Cake!   WOW!!! I miss this place already. I brought back a few pieces of Zucchini Bread!  So moist and flavorful! Staff was so friendlyLove the gelato! Homemade and so delicious! 3rd visit in 3 days! Fresh and new flavors every day.We came here two nights during our stay in New Orleans. 
On the first night, we had the ziti and the Etna panini. Our server was very sweet, offering to switch out the chicken in the panini for avocado when I told her I was a vegetarian. It was such a lovely dinner that we came again the next night.
On the second night, we shared a potato pizza. The portion is very big-- four Sicilian slices. VERY filling! It was delicious, the best thing we tried at Little Vic's. We also tried the arancini, which is a fried rice ball filled with spinach, feta, or ragu. 
Great service at Vic's. The ambiance is simple and bright, with lovely beaded artwork along the walls and a charming quiet courtyard if you want to sit outside. Vic's is a perfect place for a balmy summer evening when you want to get away from the craziness of the French Quarter bars.This ended up being my kids' favorite place to eat in the quarter. Great pizza and gelato and a beautiful quiet courtyard. The staff is wonderful and went out of there way to make us happy. If I lived in NOLA my family would make this our weekend pizza joint.Ordered pizza. The bartender took three slices of cold pizza from under the bar back to the kitchen. Ten minutes later he came out with three Luke warm pieces of pizza. Worse part is the bill was around 17.00 dollars for three slices of pizza. Would never go back.Found this place by chance, and I'm so glad I did! I had a slice of cheese pizza, and it's probably one of the best pizzas I have ever had.  Service was quick and everyone was super friendly.  Will definitely stop in again when I'm in town!I was hoping for more in the way of food. I'm big on Italian and it was just average. I wouldn't go back to eat, except for possibly dessert on the cute romantic patio in the back. Friendly service.Staff was nice and place was clean....I've just had better gelato. Can't vouch for the other food, though it looked tasty. Gelato wasn't thick enough for me...Nothing is better on a hot and humid NOLA day than a cup of freshly made Gelato and that's where Little Vic's hits it out of the park. Their home made Gelato is some of the best I have ever ate and for what you pay you get a ton of it. The also have plenty of other tasty desserts there but all me and my wife had was the Gelato so that is what this review is based off of. They have a great little patio attached but be warned if you eat out there ya better be ready to chow down due to the heat.I had my first sampling from Vic's menu today.  I ordered delivery and the food arrived extremely fast and fresh.  Wanting to try the street food, I ordered the spinach & mozzarella arancini and the pork pitoni.  Both were delicious, but the arancini was my favorite.  A fried risotto ball filled with lots of gooey mozzarella.  Very filling without being overly heavy.  I am looking forward to working my way through the rest of the menu, especially the salads, as well as getting myself down to the restaurant for what I hear is amazing gelato. Yum.