If I'm being honest here, on a Saturday for breakfast there is no other option! Amazing food, kind and friendly staff, and a wonderful variety of musicians. The huevos rancheros is where its at. And the grits.So good!  I love the new menu.  All food is locally sourced and homemade and it's apparent.  Misshapen biscuits that are delicious, big fat meaty strips of bacon and homemade preserves for your fresh baked toast.  Great piano player makes for a great atmosphere.  Overall the dining experience was excellent!My girlfriend and I just ate here for the first time and we were beside ourselves with happiness. The food and entire experience was just lovely down to the live music and good drip coffee.  The place is beautiful inside with a great atmosphere, lots of light and great for people watching and hanging out.  We ordered two breakfasts off of their specials menu and it was one of the best breakfasts we've both had in a while and are so happy this place is in our neighborhood now.  We ate cafe au lait pancakes (which were just perfect, and we both think should probably be added to the regular menu).  My girlfriend had the dryades special omelette with bechemel sauce and it was delicious with fresh local veggies and bacon with a side of fruit.  You know when a meal sometimes can make you so happy and satisfies and just beside yourself with delight? This was one of those meals...and add in beautiful live music and really great, friendly service and you have our favorite new breakfast spot. We will be back.Awesome food and great vibes! 
We came for a Sunday brunch, the musicians were entertaining and the service was exceptional. 
The shrimp and grits were the best my fiance has ever had and "The Healthy Gringo Omelette" was a tasty dish. 
I suggest getting an iced coffee and a mimosa to top it off, and sit outside - you can still hear the music and take in the sights and people watching of Oak Street.I had a terrible experience. The waitress was extremely lacking. The place was a mess. And I was the only customer. There was no excuse for the mess and disjointed wait staff. The food wasn't terrible, but not better than I can make at home. FYI I'm not the best cook. The only positive was the piano man. I feel for the place because is in a great location and has nice potential. My recommendation: re focus your energy on training the staff in customer service concepts. If I would've had a better experience, I would've probably enjoyed the meal more. I'm going to give this place quite a bit of time before giving it another shot.This cute little place is worth the effort to get to while in NOLA.  I found it by accident and I a so glad I did.  I am eating low-carb so I did not have, what looked like from my vantage point, their I incredible grits. I may have to try them after I shed a few lbs. I had to stop my server and tell him that I had the best omelet in my entire life.  It was a special today and I don't know if they will have it when you're there. I am one to put some hot sauce on my eggs to give them a kick.  I would not have spoiled this omelet masterpiece with one drop of hot sauce.  I would have ruined it if I'd "put that s**t on everything."   The coffee was hot and flavorful.  I wish I was staying another day to be able to find my way back to the Live Oak Cafe.  Kudos to them for a great omelet.First time in New Orleans and this place made me want to move there. Situated on a really cool street far away from the touristy areas, this was the perfect place for breakfast. We sat at the bar where the food was delicious, the service was fabulous, and the live music made us want to never leave. This was definitely worth venturing out of the French Quarter.This place is a sewer.  If you know as soon as you walk into a place you want to leave, you should probably not second guess yourself.  I found Live Oak Cafe on Yelp while in the car and looking for a brunch place that stayed open past 2.  This is where my dining horrors began.  First of all, this place is just dirty.  The "grunge/we don't care enough to really tidy up" thing is part of the vibe they are going for, I'm sure, but a little Lysol and a mop never hurt anyone.  Second--it was freaking HOT in there.  The A/C was either broken or nonexistent because I was literally sweating the entire time I was in this place.  Yesterday (8/24/14) was one of the hottest days on record, and if you can say you were cooled off by leaving the indoors and stepping onto a sunny sidewalk, there's a problem there.  Third--our server, while nice and innocent enough--was practically on another planet.  Can I have a straw?  Can I have some silverware, perhaps, with which to eat my food?  My boyfriend's omelet order was wrong.  We asked for skim milk and got heavy cream for our iced coffees.  It was one thing after another...he was practically useless.  Although he did seem to be whipping up a heck of a texting convo in the back of the restaurant from what I could see.  If only our dining experience could get that kind of enthusiasm, who knows what might've happened.  The food was "meh" at best.  Basically, I couldn't wait to get the hell out of there and I won't be going back again.A must-do breakfast in a great unassuming neighborhood spot. If you are visiting, its worth a few minutes to cross town. Farm to table conscious, fresh ingredients intelligently prepared. Amazing pancakes! Maybe the best rancheros in three time zones. Jazz piano helps you wake up feeling good about being in NOLA.I dropped in here for breakfast this morning, with a hankering for biscuits and sausage gravy after reading their menu and craving on the "Eggs Beauregard".
Sadly they were out of sausage gravy, so I had to make another choice.
I decided to try their Eggs Benedict, and it turned out to be a great choice.
Let me start by saying that in my opinion Eggs Benedict is a staple that few places do truly well. The benchmark is a toasted English muffin, with Canadian bacon, poached egg, and Hollandaise sauce.
There are many ways to fail at Eggs Benedict.
First, the poached eggs. Poaching an egg perfectly is not the easiest thing, and I have been disappointed more often than not. Undercooked with the egg white still clear, or overcooked with the yolk cooked to hardness.  The perfectly poached egg has all the egg white cooked, with the yolk warmed but not hardened.
Live Oak Cafe did their poached eggs as well as any I have ever had. 
Many places try to church up their Benedict offerings by substituting the Canadian bacon for something else. Sometimes this is an improvement, (Lobster is an acceptable substitute ;D), but sometimes it just doesn't do it for me.
Live Oak Cafe did not use Canadian bacon. However, they did use a ham I thoroughly enjoyed. It's smoky saltiness was the perfect foil for their hollandaise sauce, which I will discuss next.
And now we discuss the Sauce Hollandaise. This is where a lot of places get a fail mark. If it's too watery or tastes like it fell off the Sysco truck last year, I am generally dissatisfied.
Live Oak Cafe delivered a very nice Hollandaise. If it wasn't fresh made from scratch, I would love to know the brand. Lemony, fresh and bright tasting, the perfect topping to a very good breakfast.
With the Eggs Benny (Can I call you Benny), I had their breakfast potatoes. No complaints there either.
So I understand the place has had a refurbishment recently, and I found it to be a nice, clean, comfortable place to eat. I will be returning.Walked over here from my office for lunch today. I can't believe I haven't been here before! The menu has a great assortment of breakfast/brunch options (eggs benedict, omeletes, shrimp and grits, bagel plates, sandwiches) and booze options too. I had the grilled cheese with bacon, basil, and tomato; it was DELICIOUS. A perfect grilled cheese. I had the fruit cup as a side and it was fresh and crisp. The live music adds a wonderful element to a midday, weekday meal--felt like an oasis. Stopped by the local bookstore, Blue Cypress (two doors down) on my way back to work, and felt happy and satisfied. Can't wait to go back.This place certainly has the potential to get to 5 stars, but if you're looking for a something other than a very laid back neighborhood diner, then keep looking.  That being said, the service was pleasant, I loved the live music, and the food is actually quite delicious! All the important pieces are there, it's just missing the "it" factor somewhere...UPDATE: The owner of the restaurant messaged me and explained that the service we experienced including the manager's response is unacceptable and certainly not the norm. The wait staff likewise did not handle the situation as they were trained to including warning us of the unusually long wait time before we even sat down. These issues will be corrected going forward. We are very happy with the owner's personal response--if that doesn't say integrity, I don't know what does!--and we will definitely be returning!Cute little cafe with live music and incredible food. Dont let the overly casual appearance fool you, the food was divine. The shrimp and cheezy grits makes my top 5 favorite meals in New Orleans.My friend Ben & I went here for breakfast this morning,& I 'm so glad we did. Ben had Huevos Ranchero with avocado & I had scrambled eggs,potatoes & a biscuit. The food was so good, I may very well go back tomorrow to try their lunch menu.
 We were seated & served right away, didn't have to wait for our food & the best thing of all- the music wasn't unbearably loud like the last time I was there. Yaaaay ! There was a duo playing- the guitar player( electric, turned down, thank you very much ! ),with a chick singer who was Really Really Good. 
 So for anyone who wasn't sure about going to the Live Oak Cafe', GO !!!! You won't be disappointed. 
 And by the way, the prices are quite reasonable - well worth itAte breakfast here on the porch. I had the hue is rancheros. They were great, but the add-one of chorizo and avocado brought it up to about $3 more than the menu price, which I believe should cover it all as it makes it much more of a legitimate meal. I lived in NOLA for six years but have been gone for three and hadn't ever experienced the Oak corridor. Was really surprised to see the revitalization. 
There was live music inside which was really cool, but We brought our four-legged friend, so sat outdoors on the curb. This would have been pleasant, but was really unnerving as people drive down Oak Street as if it was a freaking NASCAR track (literally 45-50 mph when they should be moving at 25. The entire time can be punctuated by an intense fear that at any moment a speeding car may jump the curb and take us out. This happened two nights later while dining at squeal, but luckily the inattentive driver just did an H&R on other cars, not people. Nonetheless, confirmed my fear. If the Oak corridor is to be viable, they really need to enforce speed if for no other reason, to ensure pedestrian safety. The place is literally dangerous. And I don't usually balk at safety concerns. Good coffee!Really really yummy delicious food and a cool spot. There's a skeleton who lives outside on the outdoor tables. Inside, there are a number of tables and chairs and a small stage with a piano. 
The host had a pretty fantastic outfit on. It was something that no manager in New Jersey would allow any employee to wear. Ever. But it totally works in New Orleans. Nothing clothing related surprises me anymore, especially not this week. 
But enough about the ambiance. 
We had the Mississippi Pork Brunch to share, the Basil Grilled Cheese, and the Banana Bread breakfast. 
The only thing I needed was that pulled pork dish. Oh my god. It was SO GOOD. Spicy but comforting, huge hunks of pork swimming in amazing brown classic New Orleans thick delicious sauce. Sided by a honey glazed biscuit cooked perfectly and a couple over medium eggs. Boom. 
The banana bread was whatever and the grilled cheese was good but drippy and had too much onion for me. 
I'll be happy to go back just for that dish. I still want it now.Fantastic. Just what I was looking for in New Orleans. 
Small, friendly and comfortable environment with live music for Sunday morning brunch. The music was perfect for the atmosphere, if a bit too loud. 
I had the shrimp & grits and my companion had a grilled cheese sandwich on sourdough. 
I was told the grilled cheese was possibly the best ever. Not a bite was left for me to test that assertion. It was served with a healthy serving of jalapeno chips, and though those didn't appear to be fresh made, that didn't take anything away from the bargain plate at $6.50. 
My shrimp & grits were just what I had been craving. Creamy grits, shrimp cooked to perfection, and a sauce that was flavorful and slightly spicy. At $12.50 I was pleased with the quality, serving size and price. 
If you show up on a Sunday morning, be prepared to wait. The place will be packed. Our server advised us in advance that there would be about a 40-minute wait for our food to arrive. That's where I learned that the coffee at Live Oak Cafe is exceptional. 
Aside from the wait (and hey, it was a beautiful morning in a busy city, it didn't bother me) this was a great little side trip. I'll be back.Like the decal on the glass outside says, the grits are creamy; hands-down the best grits you can get at a breakfast spot. Usually I don't even bother with grits because most places either over- or under-cook them. These were on point. ON POINT
I've gotten the huevos rancheros and the 3-egg omelette. Both were fresh and tasty, my two preferred breakfast adjectives. I would happily get either again. Only weird thing is that while they were similarly priced, the omelette was nearly too much for one sitting (it felt like a 5-egg omelette to me!) but the rancheros was pretty light even with the add-ons, making it a tad more expensive that I'd expect. 
But, they do have live music in the morning, which is a cool signature and surely has to require some mark-up on a few items. So I'm fine with that. 
Oh, and get the watermelon juice.We wanted a casual neighborhood breakfast. We liked Oak Street Cafe and were happy to see the piano player when we arrived. The place was about half-full and only one table had food. After waiting 10 minutes without a visit from our waitress, we walked out. I should add that the waitresses weren't busy.Went here because it was so close to our air b&b, and absolutely loved it. Great staff, great drinks, and great food. Too early to hear the music, but that would've only been an added bonus.Cute little place, like live music. Food is good but the menu prices are a bit over priced.I don't even know where to start. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!! The coffee is phenomenal. Everything is so fresh and you can truly taste the personal touch in the food. I have officially found my new favorite breakfast spot in NOLA. Live music and great atmosphere. The BISCUITS!!!!!Steve made the difference for us!  Cool cafe, live music... we found this place by accident yesterday after touring the cemetery off of Magazine. The menu posted in the outside of the place changed because of Marti Gras :(
Steve stepped up and said that they could make the dish we wanted which made us so happy since we took the trolley to get here from the river (about a 15 min trip.). Thanks Steve!
Good food options, live music, I am happy!!!!They play noooo games when it comes to their mimosa makin', just they way we like it. The menu is pretty awesome, from top to bottom, and there are options for everyone (I mean vegetarian, cause I do that sometimes). The ONLY downside? They're usually PACKED for brunch. Get there earlyish, or prepare to wait a little bit. They always have live music, so that softens the 1/1 1/2 hour wait times. Plus, Oak Street is a total gem of its own.One word, AMAZING! Service is great, food is impeccable, and the drinks are nice and STRONG! highly recommend for a tasty breakfast. Also, the grits are very tastyGreat friendly service, great breakfast ( my friend didn't care for her grits, they were a little soupy) and a very cute place. 
Only complaint was there was more then a few flies in there! I know it's New Orleans and it's hot and there is bugs but this was almost too much. 
Maybe they have a door being left open? Who knows but because of this we probably won't be back.I live within steps of this place, and want it to be my go-to restaurant, but it is just such a disappointment.  
A. Service is negligent, sloppy, lacks attention to detail, and is rude when you finally have to say something.  I've been there over five times and there's very clearly one guy working his ass off, giving great service, while the rest are not. 
B.  The food is pretty good, but inconsistent.  The pancakes for example, are some of the best I've ever had.  The sandwiches however, are worth sending back they're so disappointing. It's not below par with a lot of the breakfast in New Orleans, but it shouldn't be charged 1.5x what the other brunches in riverbend cost. 
C. The music is great, but it's clearly to distract from the rest of the experience. 
D.  Be professional, even when you're in there drinking after close.  I see people try to come in after 3 all the time, commenting on everyone being wasted inside.Huevos Rancheros and spring and grits were out of this world. Super fresh and tasty. We came for brunch of Thursday of jazz fest. So glad we did! Bottomless coffee, attentive staff. Great guitarist played as wonderful background music. Love this little place!Live Oak has become my favorite brunch place Uptown.  The huevos rancheros are what keep me coming back, but I am a big fan of their creamy, cheesy grits too.  I also appreciate that they accommodate those on a vegetarian diet by subbing avocado for meat in their dishes.  Their coffee, from French Truck, is top notch too.  The staff all seem to be hardworking, fun people who check on the customers regularly, especially to make sure said coffee is refilled.  Grant waited on us the last time and made us laugh.  And of course there's the live music, which is an added bonus at brunch.I've been here twice, both times with some form of a Groupon. For breakfast anywhere, I always order the standard, some might say boring, (eggs/grits or hash/biscuit or toast and optional meat) to judge the food on. I have to say, this place does these items the best! They have really great eggs with some spice/pepper, grits with some shredded cheese, delish potatoes. The one thing was the biscuit was a bit dry, so next time I'll get toast - my husband got the sourdough and that was really good. We also got one pancake and it was delicious. It was on the smaller side, especially for almost $4 for one, but it was very tasty. 
I can see what everyone says about the service. You probably don't want to come here for a quick in and out meal. I will say, all the servers are extremely nice and cheerful, I just think they are too busy. They aren't sitting around doing nothing, they are rushing around. I think it might help if they bring out all the necessary items with the food -- such as butter/jam for bread and syrup/butter for pancakes. We had to keep flagging someone down to try to get these items and I felt like we kept bothering them, even though they were pleasant and it was not problem for them. Maybe even just leaving jelly and butter on the table would help alleviate that issue. 
However, we think they forgot about our pancake, since they brought it out right as we were finishing our meals, but they comped it, without even saying a word to us! That was extremely sweet and they didn't have to do that. 
Great food! Will be back for that!I guess it's under new manegment.  The music shows up  at 1030, needs time to set up too.  The strawberry pancakes were really good.  Food took a bit to cook.  I think they just need time to find there way...Omg, four of us all ordered something different, and they where all amazing.  Where else can you get great food and a 3 person band for breakfast!  Ok truth- from California so I get it maybe this is normal here but not at home!!!I love the laid back atmosphere and the food.  I had the chicken salad on sourdough bread with a house salad.  The dressing on the salad was so well seasoned.  The portion was just enough.  Although I found only a few selections for lunch, I understood why after I started my meal: they are simple, flavorful and fantastic.  Just pick one and you will not be disappointed.  Honestly, I can't wait to go back!!Simply said, Live Oak is artsy and fun. If you enjoy being surrounded by artsy folks while accompanied by unordinary live music, this is the spot for you. 
I went here with two friends during finals week to enjoy a light brunch as a break from studying all day. The service was slow and our food came out 25-30 minutes after we had ordered. On the bright side, the menu was full of options and the food was super good. The pancakes were enormous and the eggs Benedict special I got was a great combination of flavors. 
The music was...weird, to say the least. Okay fine, not my genre, I can deal with that. The problem was that the place was much too small for how loud the music was. I couldn't have a conversation with either of my friends because the music was overpowering. I don't know about y'all, but I don't enjoy a sit-down meal in what felt like a live concert. 
Anyways, if it wasn't for the music, I would return. But, I simply cannot enjoy my meal if such odd music is blasting in my ear.Used to like going here because the neighborhood is one of my favorites: eating at live oak and browsing blue cypress books. However, went there with my wife on a Saturday and a jazz quartet was playing. It was so loud we had to cover our ears while we ate. We asked to be moved outside but there were no tables available because the people that were inside had moved outside already.The space is too small for music. Even our waiter admitted this. Won't go back until you move the music outside or do away with completely which is a shame because I love the food.I had the salmon Benedict and it was amazing. Their grits are creamy and delicious. My husband had the special - south west scramble and it had a lot of great flavors. I ordered Jasmine Tea and it tasted old, but otherwise this place is great. I will be coming back to this place for sure.A great restaurant to go to during the daytime the food is Magnificent the staff is friendly they crack jokes the Ambiance is amazing live bands and the shrimp and grits are to die forCame here for brunch with two of my girlfriends, who live close and come eat here often. They always talk about how good the food is and finally got me to join them for brunch. I am so very happy that I did. The food is sooo good! I had the sweet potato benedict with the herb-infused hollandaise and a side of their gruyere cheese grits. I ordered a single biscuit as well, which was amazing! I never had a biscuit that tasted so good before. It seems that they put a little something extra in each and every dish to make every menu item a bit more special. I have been to several brunch/breakfast places around the city, and I would have to say that Live Oak is by far my favorite. The food is awesome. The waitstaff is very friendly. Our server, Grant, was always there when we needed him. And also very helpful with recommendations. The live music is a real treat and an added bonus to the atmosphere. I had a wonderful experience and will surely be back. 
Side note: They have specialty cocktails made with fresh squeezed juices! Best mimosa I have ever had, made with fresh squeezed OJ and St. Germain.Live music, fabulous food, nice people. How can you go wrong? The omelets, and bagel breakfast, and the music was fabulous.My daughter frequents the area whenever she can & she stopped in to this place for breakfast due to it's personality, served with music; well that, and she was hungry for breakfast.  
Due to the creative listening skills of her server Grant..   she was served her perfect breakfast of poached eggs, fresh sliced tomatoes, fresh sliced avocado and fresh sliced whole grain bread.  She was in one of her versions of heaven. where servers listen and aren't annoyed with her particular order request.  She was completely in awe of the care and thoughtfulness that went into serving her..
And a big thanks to the chef also for taking the time to create it!Went in for breakfast and was blown away by the freshness of the food. Got to see everything being freshly chopped. The wait for the food was a little long, but well worth it. Ordered the eggs Benedict, and it's probably the best I've ever had.Chose this busy spot for Saturday Brunch- party of 4 @11am (no reservations). The live music was jamming on the piano and the server brought us over our drinks-mimosas- quickly. We had a wedding to attend in the early afternoon so there was a slight push to the timeline, but I figured 1.5 hours was more than enough to dine in since we were seated immediately. 
The food took almost 40 mins from ordering to being brought to us, which normally I might not pay as much attention to with mimosas and good company, but since we were on a timeline, I was starting to get nervous.The shrimp and grits were a pass for me, too many grits and too salty- but the pancakes and the eggs benny were both good brunch options. We also liked the banana bread. The room filled up quickly while we were eating and by the time we left there was line outside waiting to be seated.
Overall, a good place to get a leisurely brunch, but be prepared for a wait. Parking was reasonable easy on the main road or in the surrounding neighborhood, and the new american style was tasty.Glad we happened on this place. Good ambience and most importantly good food. Nice light, pretty place, attentive staff, and live music, if somewhat acoustically bright. I had the Big Boy Breakfast w/ the excellent sausage biscuit one morning and the Veggie Sandwich on multigrain w/ potato salad for lunch the next day, both nicely done and with decent portion size. They have a cool gift area which we tourists appreciated. We'll be back.Eat the Huevos Rancheros. Oh my. I had breakfast here with my family and a friend three days ago, and I'm still thinking about my food. I had a side order of grits, and they were PERFECT. My kids had pancakes with strawberries and they were some of the best pancakes we've ever had. The whipped cream was sublime. The service was excellent, and most importantly, they were great about accommodating my son's peanut allergy. In a city of fantastic food, this one stands out.Sometimes it's reviews that bring you to a place, sometimes it's fate. 
We're in NOLA, Riding the St Charles St trolley to the end of the line when suddenly driver stops and tells us to get off he has to go down and turn around. We're standing there at the stop and we're hungry so we see some places to eat down the street so we walked down and saw the live oak cafe. We walked in and find there's live music at 10:00am. OK we like this already. Then the best part was the food. I ordered the Hangover. Grits with melted butter, tasso, and eggs over easy on top. Creamy, buttery, runny eggs oh my it was amazing. my wife had a eggs Benedict dish that was just as good, also great coffee. Great service. What a find. Walked back to the trolley stop with our full bellies and we really had no idea where we were and where this place was but where ever it is, go find it and eat there.We were really hopeful that this place might FINALLY be good now that is has a new name and new ownership. Wrong! A 50 minute wait for breakfast with only one other table occupied...both times we went. The first time the server forgot to put the order in and the second time, lord only knows what they were doing. The food is still average and overpriced. Yes, the music is nice..when they have someone playing. On a Friday morning they did not. If you want a good breakfast in this city, go to Dante's Kitchen or Satsuma. Live Oak Cafe is a lame excuse for a breakfast joint in a city famous for good food. I really hope they step up their game.We had horrible experience it was super hot inside I don't think they had the ac on. The waitress had a sleeveless shirt  on that show her hairy underarms totally  turn my stomach before we ate. The waitress was so rude. The orange juice was four dollars cup and it was even real orange juice. We will never go back.4.5/5 would be most accurate. Food was delicious, as were cocktails and coffee. Once the live music started, it was too loud for the crowd and size of restaurant. We left pretty quickly after that, but probably if it hadn't been so loud we would have stayed and enjoyed more coffee. Initially, service was slow and even though we were one of 3 tables, had to wait about 10 minutes for someone to come take our order. Not a huge deal, we weren't in a hurry. I had The Hangover + avocado and a biscuit, my husband had the blueberry pancakes. Cocktail special was a rosemary champagne cocktail served with a sprig of rosemary from the fresh herbs potted out front of the cafe. Chill vibe, artsy, very enjoyable. Would definitely return.Best breakfast experience and in NOLA(Uptown)! From what I heard, a server recently bought the place from her boss. She is behind the stove every time I go. I always bring friends from out of town here, Just recently my mom! Their shrimp and grits are spectacular! The biscuits are awesome! I highly recommend the daily special, too! Did I mention the awesome entertainment!? Breakfast with talent behind the piano! Love, love love this place!!!One of the most valuable lessons we learned in New Orleans is that things happen when they happen.  It's an intricate timing of long enough to start feeling impatience but feelings are quickly overtaken by annoyance one of the steaming plate of magic is set in front of you.  The fresh squeezed lemonade is enchanting.  Doesn't matter if it's hot, cold, dry or wet outside - you need one of these.  The biscuits and gravy were delicious as well.  For those seafood averse, the gravy has a tinge of seafood to it and I can't attribute that to actual seafood or just seasoning but it was quite good.Live Oak Cafe is so good!!! I live near by and have to say that this is THE best breakfast place in the neighborhood. I love how the menu changes every week and how there's always something new and delicious to try. Each menu item always has so many flavors and components that it is never boring. They have a super cool crew that works there, and they really seem to like each other and working together, always big smiles and friendly. The restaurant also has live music everyday and the musicians change daily too. I have even gone in just for a cup of coffee and the music before. Such a great experience every time I go, from the food to the employees to the music, what's more to love?!I  had the sweet potato benedict...oh my gosh this is a great flavorful dish. The homade biscuits are a must try as well.I had lunch and the service was good and friendly, the food came out pretty quickly and the price point was good. If there is any constructive criticism, I would say larger coffee cups for us caffeine fiends and that the live musicians in the middle of the day was more awkward for me than anything.Live Oak Cafe is a sweet comfortable restaurant filled with cheerful friendly folks to wait and help. They were very accommodating when I asked if they would combine orange juice with lemonade, both fresh squeezed. I had a delicious breakfast of Eggs Florentine with perfectly cooked fresh sautéed spinach and poached eggs topped with a wonderful cheesy bechamel sauce served over a fresh baked biscuit. Their creamy grits were supreme and the bowl of fresh fruit was the perfect ending for such a pleasurable dining experience.Neighborhood breakfast place worth a trip from your neighborhood 
Authentic local takes on breakfast favorites 
1920s storefront setting.I left upset today based on what happened with my LivingSocial deal.  My voucher had expired last week (paid $10 for $20 worth of food), so I was just there to redeem it for the Paid Value (Note: this is a right you have for EVERY Groupon or LivingSocial deal you buy - its in the Fine Print).  I showed the waitress the voucher and this information on it in writing.  When she returned with my check, she said someone told her they don't honor that there.  I insisted on getting what I know I had a right to and did eventually leave with it corrected but what bothers me is how many other people have probably left there without what is owed to them.  
The waitress was nice and things were fairly quick for me, but she did not come check on me while I was eating to see if I needed anything.  I do however appreciate her help with my check. 
The food was ok generally speaking.  I would certainly say it was fresh and of good quality.  The only think I did not like at all was their sausage.  It literally tasted like a hamburger patty.  I did not eat it.  
There are much better places right there on Oak Street to eat, so I will not be returning.Awesome atmosphere. Extremely nice staff and clean cafe. Huevos Rancheros was amazing. Don't forget to add spicy chorizo for a real treat. Not much else to say, just a generally great place to eat and enjoy great music and food.Every time I am in NOLA, I have to make sure I eat at the Live Oak. The atmosphere is fun with live music, cool servers, and big windows for great people watching. The food is always amazing. I love the creative combinations of flavors. The huevos rancheros rock, and the omelet du jour is always incredible. I am heading to NOLA this weekend, and eating here is already at the top of the agenda!! :)First off, this place should be five stars but I'm giving it 4 because I didn't get to go today before I left Nola due to their misleading hours. I walked there and it was CLOSED! The sign on the door said it was open today (Tuesday) and so did their answering machine when I called three times after the fact. UGH--so disappointed. On an unrelated note, I found that a lot of food places around here are closed here Sundays and Mondays. 
On to the food. Seriously the best food that I had while I was here. It's a small place but it packs some serious flavor. I had the eggs Benedict over sweet potatoes. Oh mah gawd! The hollandaise sauce was everything. So creamy and abundant. My friend had the shrimp and grits which was also drenched in Cajun seasoning and had lots of shrimp. This is what I was planning on getting today (and my friend wanted to get it for the second time). The price you pay for each plate ($14.50 and $14) is so reasonable too. When I tell you we looked like two sad puppies having to go to an alternate basic diner, we looked like TWO SAD PUPPIES HAVING TO GO TO AN ALTERNATE BASIC DINER. 
They had a guy playing a harp when we came Saturday morning which was neat. The artwork on the walls (photographs) are nice. 
Management, if you're reading this, I recommend updating your signage and answering machine service if your hours and days of operation have changed. If I ever go back to New Orleans, I'm definitely coming back here--TWICE!Just called to place an order at 7:56, they answered, but said that they are not open yet.  Their website and Yelp both say they open at 7??  Luckily they decided to still take our order, and said our pancakes would be ready at 8:30???!!!
Wow, first order of the day and 30 min to get some pancakes?   No thanks.Food was good but overpriced coffee.  Ambience not as pleasing as previous cafe here. Music was terrible,  really bad singer.The food was awesome. Loved the collards and honey biscuit. The service was slow. Not sure if they were understaffed or not. When they did come over to the table they were very pleasant. Live music was a nice touch for breakfast.
Went back for second time and was lucky enough to get the homemade banana bread with whipped cream cheese and honey. It was so good. I dream about having it again.Arrived on a busy Saturday morning and while the host was quite busy was attended to quickly and politely. We had to wait about 10-15 minutes but it gave us some time to walk down the street and get a juice. We were seated at the bar and helped by their lovely bartender. The food took a while to get to us, about 45 minutes, so not for those of you in a hurry. 
However, there was live music and great coffee so the wait was quite pleasant. All of their drinks look great by the way, the blended/alcoholic coffee in particular and having sat at the bar for quite some time I feel confident saying that a lot of time and attention is put into them. Once the food arrived we were very happy campers. I got the huevos rancheros and my friend got the blt with avocado and egg and we both loved our meals. New favorite brunch spot for sure.I will start off with what may be a con for some: it gets really noisy! Besides the constant chatter in a small space, the live music only adds to the noisy atmosphere. 
Other than that, I absolutely love it. 
Their coffee is great, although not the strongest. I think Rue De La Course (up the street) has stronger coffee. 
The Everything Egg Sandwich is breakfast sandwich perfection. I always fear getting scrambled eggs that are not seasoned. But these were seasoned well. The bagel is soft with a buttery taste. Fresh ingredients. Just an all around great sandwich. 
Initially, I rated my review 4 stars until I went back and tried the shrimp and grits. Oh my gawddd - fat girl overload!! The grits are so creamy; the sauce is so flavorful; and the shrimp are a nice size! The sauce is really good -- a bit of Cajun flavor without the spiciness. 
The staff is super friendly! The live music is great. 
I wish I could have gotten a better pic, but I could not wait to dig in! Well worth it!The healthy gringo I had here during my previous visit was outstanding. The ingredients are so fresh which you can taste in the flavor. Best omlette I've had in the city. I came back today and tried out the Mexican breakfast and was blown away.  The black beans have so much flavor and the side of Pico de Gallo really goes extraordinary well with the soft tortilla beans eggs and generous serving of avocado.  The live music really tops it off for me.  Not to mention the excellent coffee. And they have coffee infused ice cubes for the Irish coffee, well played! I will be back often.  Well done Live Oak!!Had a wonderful meal here with the wife and friends on a nice January Sunday.  All the food was outstanding and filling.  I had the shrimp and grits with a side of scrambled eggs,  my wife had the breakfast sandwich.  That have live jazz band playing not sure of the name but very good sound.  Will put this on my come back place!'A breakfast gem!  We found this via YELP and the reviews were pretty much spot on.  The food is excellent. I had the eggs Benedict- authentic REAL hollandaise over smoked ham and home made biscuit. The shrimp and grits- excellent full of flavor with silky grits.  Our Sunday Brunch visit found a excellent entertainment that was very talented performance of jazz improvisation.  We really enjoyed this place.My super picky chef at work sang your praises, so I headed in this morning to give y'all a try. Let me just say: Live Oak, you're doin' somethin' right! The menu boasted the typical brunchy cocktails (mimosas, bloodies, etc.) but I opted for an iced coffee as I needed to be productive today. Ordered up the shrimp & grits with a cup of fruit. The grits were alarmingly creamy in the best way, & the shrimp & sauce had a wonderful depth with a brightness from the addition of fresh lemon & parsley. I've never had shrimp & grits with bacon added in, but I'm definitely not mad at it! These guys definitely run a veeeery close second place to my favorite S&G at Atchafalaya...but for ten dollars less...so...YES!
I'm going to save my nit-picking as it was my first experience, & none of it is enough to keep me away. Definitely going to be a new staple in my breakfast rotation! Thank y'all for a delicious meal.We returned last Sunday to give Live Oak another shot after speaking with the owner, and very happy to report we had an excellent time. The musicians were fantastic, our wait time was nil, our orders were correct, and the food was, as always, absolutely delicious. Only complaint is our waitress didn't seem to know the menu and forgot to bring us waters. Glad to report they're back on their game and I've also been informed they're sourcing seasonal produce locally now, which is wonderful. As long as they keep eggs benedict and huevos rancheros on the menu, we'll keep coming back!Ridiculously loud (!) and awful music, can't get coffee refilled.  Can't comment on food yet, since we've been here 45 minutes and have not gotten food, yet.  headache, and not from hangover...  won't be backMy wife and are locals in the neighborhood and always give Oak Cafe a shot. Unfortunately there has been an extremely slow kitchen the last three times we have tried to eat here. The food however, once its served is always great. If you have hours to spare then stop in, if not I would look elsewhere.This place has the creamiest grits I've ever had re pleasure of meeting! Get "The Bro."  You won't regret it!The food is always good, the servers are pleasant, and the live music is usually fairly quiet background stuff, allowing table conversation without shouting-- but not always. You can usually get a table, even on weekends, which is another plus. The one big "however" for me is the wait when it's time to pay; there's always a delay.I went with a friend the other day to have breakfast here. Since we both live in the neighborhood,& neither one of us had eaten here since the renovation, we were really looking forward going. We sat down,the band was playing,ordered our drinks, looked at the menu, which was appealing, our server ( also very appealing - just sayin ) brought us our drinks & by the time he came back for our order we were more than ready to leave- so we did. Altho I'm sure the band is talented, in my opinion, they were too loud for such a small place. We felt like we were competing against the music to hear what we were saying,& we were sitting right next to each other. Our server was very understanding & even said he'd ask the band to turn down a little but by that time we were ready to go. 
 I WILL go back here- I DO want to try the food ,& now that I know what to expect I'll be ready for it.The live music is lovely and adds a nice touch. It didn't take long to get a table for Sunday brunch. The server wasn't particularly attentive and we had to leave our seat to ask for more water. The server then went to every table for coffee refills except for ours. Other tables were served before us even though we had been there for a bit. Perhaps it's just this server that's bad. The server then forgot to put in our order and the chef came out to take our order. Really? Y'all need to get organized. Good food doesn't necessarily mean I'll return with this quality of service.If you appreciate restaurants that use locally sourced ingredients, you should give Live Oak Cafe a try.  I stopped in here with a few other folks for brunch last Sunday and it was a good choice.  They were busy but not packed, so we had a couple of tables to chose from.  
Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and she was passionate about the restaurant's fresh and local concept.  I ordered the house salad with bacon and avocado added. Sounds boring, I know, but it was fantastic.  No joke, probably the best salad I've had in a long time!  The house made vinaigrette dressing was very good too.  The salad was served with edible flowers that they apparently grow themselves. I'm guessing this is the "seasonal surprises" listed on the menu, because it was a surprise to me.  For me, it was a good surprise.  Our server noted my appreciation and brought us a small plate with a sampling of other edibles to taste.  
Two of my brunch mates ordered the Huevos Rancheros, and the other ordered a couple of eggs and a few sides.  Although the salad was the only thing I tried, everything looked great and everyone was pleased.What a find!! A fun atmosphere and the food is AMAZING. I enjoyed the Southwestern Scramble. If you want the BEST experience possible, ask for GRANT. He was funny, charming, and gave great service!
Yes. I recommend this place.The food is very good here and it's nice to enjoy your meal when coupled with the live music, sometimes just someone on the piano and other times with other musicians joining in. It's a bit warm during the extra hot days in there but you'll forget about it once you take your first bite. If you're a pig like I can be sometimes, be sure to ask for some toast or potatoes on the side of a few of the meals that don't include them.This was my 1st time in NOLA and this was our 1st stop from the airport. My hubby and I stopped here for breakfast on Sunday. Once we arrived,  we saw how crowded it was and it was only 10:45am. We waited about 20mins to be seated. Once we got our seat we ordered an OJ which was amazing. Freshly squeezed and you can definitely taste the fresh oranges. We ordered the Mexican breakfast and Shrimp and Grits, the food took close to an hour to come out, but when it did finally come, OMG it was SOoo GOOD! My husband  LOVED the shrimp & grits, my Mexican breakfast was simple yet packed with flavor. We also got their homemade biscuits,  and let me tell you, those biscuit right there had me licking my fingers. I ordered two more after eating our meal and drink unlimited coffee which was good for only $6.50. The food was definitely worth the wait. The staff and live music was great! Whenever we come back to NOLA, this will definitely be our 1st stop. If you are looking for awesome quality food, with great people and live music, THIS IS THE PLACE!!