Great new sushi spot in Lakeview not to be missed. Unique tasty rolls and keto friendly options. Distinct flavors that make this place special.  I almost don't want to share it is that good!!!Amazing food, staff, service and atmosphere! Can't wait to go back!! Trust me, you've gotta try this place!!!I really enjoyed my experience at this sushi restaurant. Shawn, our server, was delightful and very nice. Definitely will be coming back. The food was delicious and tasty. I definitely recommend this restaurant!!Great sushi, amazing service, and the fried Brussels sprout are maybe the best in town. Definitely give this new spot a try. You won't be disappointed.What a great addition to the neighborhood. I've had the dragon roll, brussel sprouts, edamame and my favorite, agedashi tofu. Everything had a nice spice to it without being overwhelming. Even those that claimed to hate tofu  at the table couldn't get enough of the agedashi. The employees, from the servers to the chefs to the owner, really want you to have an enjoyable experience and delicious food which creates a very welcoming vibe.Sushi is probably my favorite food, so as soon as I saw a new sushi spot in my neighborhood, I had to try it. The owner, Ms. Betty welcomed me in and is seriously the sweetest! I sat at the sushi bar to eat and the sushi chefs, Edgar and Dylan, made sure I was completely satisfied before I left! Jonathan always comes out from the kitchen to tell me hi and makes the best crab rangoons around!Since my first visit, I've been back many times and haven't had anything I didn't like yet. Definitely my new go-to!!Amazing sushi finally is here in Lakeview. Everything is fresh and all the apps and hot dishes are great as well. We will definitely be back as regulars.Had a great meal at Lotus Bistro  this evening. Great selection on the menu, prices are very reasonable and great quality. Staff is very courteous and inviting  and the owner Betty is wonderful. She has done a fabulous job of designing a warm and innovative restaurant. I was blown away when I walked in the door. Great addition to Harrison Avenue. The tempura was spot on as were the rolls and sushi and other items we were served . So happy to see a Japanese  restaurant in the area. This place is a must on your list you won't be disappointed !Delish specialty rolls. Great menu options. Wonderful service. A perfect new Lakeview sushi spot for families or couples.Really good! Tried it last night for the first time and loved it! The Brussels sprouts were great, I tried two specialty rolls and they both went above and beyond my expectations! Can't wait to go back!Had a great meal at Lotus Bistro  this evening. Great selection on the menu, prices are very reasonable and great quality. Staff is very courteous and inviting  and the owner Betty is wonderful. She has done a fabulous job of designing a warm and innovative restaurant. I was blown away when I walked in the door. Great addition to Harrison Avenue. The tempura was spot on as were the rolls and sushi and other items we were s happy to see a Japanese  restaurant in the area. This place is a must on your list you won't be disappointed !This place is an amazing sushi restaurant. I love the strong feminist vibes with so many rolls named after powerful Japanese women. You might think of sushi pizza as a little crazy but it is amazing! Right now it is only outside dining but there is plenty of seating.I'm so happy this place opened in our neighbourhood. We have been twice now and all the sushi rolls were great and the fish tasted fresh. The owner and all the staff are super friendly and inviting. We also enjoyed learning about some famous Japanese women that are highlighted by some awesome wall paintings and in the sushi roll names! 
This is our new sushi spot!Ordered take out from here as a first timer at this restaurant and omg the rolls! We ordered the Geisha roll and Jessica Albacore roll. AMAZING! Highly recommend both rolls! The quality of the ingredients were on point. The amount of rice on each piece was on point (I've had to request less rice at other sushi restaurants as they can pack it on pretty thick). I was looking forward to also ordering the Pablo Escolar roll but they were out at the time. Excited to try that and the sushi pizza soon! 
We ordered the chicken udon as well. Had to add soy sauce and sriracha to that for some extra flavor but overall, not bad. I've definitely had worse before.A friend of mine filled me in on the goodness she found at Lotus Bistro, and I knew immediately that I'd be placing an order sooner rather than later.  Today was the day.
I called in an order and my pickup time was 30 minutes away.  I could hardly wait.
I drove up, called in, and within a few minutes my food was brought to my car by an awesome masked, gloved employee.
The food was DELICIOUS!!! 
First, y'all, the sushi pizza was amazing! It didn't hurt that it covered all of the bases for me.  Snow crab, avocado, tuna, and spicy mayo on a thin crust.
The roll I went with was the Mineko Iwasaki. It's got spicy snow crab, which I've never had. Good stuff! This roll was a winner.
I think I've found a new favorite sushi joint.If you're in search for a culinary climax, you've found the right place! Their curbside pickup and ordering process is a breeze and their staff is super friendly! We are so excited every time we get to order here because everything is so yummy! This time we had the Fireman Mike, the Chefs Special Roll, the Beef Tataki, and the COMBO Hibachi Fried Rice! Would ya just LOOK at the size of the shrimp in their fried rice?!!!! Lotus Bistro has made this quarantine bearable. MUST TRY!!!Wow! A Gem of a restaurant just opened up in Lakeview. I had a opportunity to dine there for lunch today, and looking forward to my next visit. I had the 2 roll lunch California roll and snow crab roll. The owner and staff are friendly, courteous and attentive.This is a great sushi restaurant which has exceptional rolls!  A must try if you haven't already!Went to try the "new kid " on the block. And I have to say everything was fabulous.  We tried the Spicy Edamame they are served warm, with a touch of smoke flavor. So so good).  We also ordered the chefs special Fried Calamari it was a beautiful Dish fried crisp over a bed of fresh spinach topped with an Asian Sauce. We decided to order simple Sushi Rolls so we had Crunchy rolls they were above my expectations they were so good we ordered an extra one. Also, had the Spicy Tuna it was great very fresh.  Our waiter was friendly, attentive and was eager to answer any questions 
Well, Lotus Bistro Welcome to Lakeview see you again soonThis place is awesome!! This is my second time here, although, we dined in the first time, curbside pickup today was perfect! Everything we ordered was exactly what we wanted and more! I'm so grateful for lotus bistro providing me with a delicious lunch during these trying times!! It's perfect for the sushi cravings we had! Must try!!3.4.21 
So we tried this place tonight after OTF, me, Erica, Cameron, it was on Harrison. The door was locked, a couple sitting on picnic bench in parking lot, told us to knock. That was weird. No indoor seating like it says on Yelp. We were told to sit on another picnic table in the driveway. They had some visual flame that provided ZERO heat & it was cold. No liquor license yet. Told Erica to get wine at the corner store where a extremely intoxicated driver almost ran into her looking for sour skittles. Back to the sushi- we ordered a sushi pizza for an appetizer. It was ok. Sounded and looked better than it tasted. We ordered king crab roll and that's not we got. Then the philly roll was really bad, we couldn't even eat it. The other roll, Quarantine-TUNA roll was the best. Our waitress was cool. The the digital fortune cookie was cool too.This place is amazing sushi, appetizers and meals
from the kitchen. 
My entire family will love everything and it's a great pick up during COVID!As Betty, the owner, was explaining that she named her specialty sushi after very brave courageous Japanese women, the chef handed me a gorgeous white sculpted plate donned with a gorgeous spicy tuna roll. Fresh seems too cliche' for the sushi served in this chic casual sushi bistro. This sushi was mouth watering, slap-ya-mama good. By far the best sushi I have had since my last visit to Ocean Beach San Diego! Kid You Not. Now, I say the food's deliciousness; well, it is matched by her impressive southern taught, at minimum, hospitality offered by the entire staff. To the chef, who happily indulged my food allergies by creating a custom roll, topped with emoji garnishments, paired with his own wasabi oil soy based sauce. 
Betty has put time into every detail, selecting lotus pendant light fixtures and Japanese paper lanterns to hang over both her sushi bar and bar area.  The spectacular mod chinaware in various shapes serves as the canvas for presenting the scrumptious sushi and entree selections. From the gorgeous bamboo chopsticks with engraved etchings on the ends, to a beautiful kimono hanging on one wall, every detail carefully chosen. A nod, perhaps, to the honorable Japanese cultural that influenced her own appreciation for quality. Congratulations, Betty, you did not disappoint! Highly recommend!Sadly haven't been able to dine in-person here, but the to go orders we've gotten during the COVID outbreak have been great! I was recommended this place by a friend who's friend loved this place - she is originally from Houston so New Orleans sushi hadn't met her expectations until this place lol!
The sushi is really good here and the fish has been very fresh - some of the fresher tasting I've had in the city. I love their tuna. And while I usually don't have a taste for salmon there's is really great - no weird aftertaste like I usually find. The Kimie Iwata Roll is definitely my favorite speciality roll! 
Love the shrimp gyoza as well. 
We also got the yakisoba last time which I didn't like as much. Could have been more flavorful. But didn't taste bad. 
Excited to eventually try the hibachi!Contrary to what the popular reviews are saying. . I'm disgusted by this Bistro. For many reasons but more so because of the customer service to portion and taste of food. I did look at the reviews before eating here but still decided to give them a try but should have known by the responses to the negative reviews from the owner that this was a bad idea. I will think twice before giving a business my money that uses unnecessary waste as an excuse because they want to save money. The owner did not address the quality and portion of their food. Also, the very disrespectful "professional" responses. Feeding first responders does not look good in my eyes when it's coming from a place like this and an owner with an attitude like yours. First responders appreciate the FREE hot meal though 
SN: at the bottom while typing it says "This review is looking Pretty Epic! Nice!"
what do you think?As a Lakeview resident, I was very excited when Lotus Bistro opened because the one other sushi restaurant in the neighborhood is extremely disappointing. 
First time my wife and I tried the restaurant, we ate in, and the sushi was delicious. They did not have their liquor license, so we considered bringing in a bottle of wine. Glad we didn't because their corkage fee was almost as much as we would have spent on a bottle of wine, around $12 we believe. 
Since we had our baby about a year ago, delivery has become our best friend on nights we are just too tired to do anything else. We've ordered delivery several times and had the restaurant call us to ask if we could come in to pick up our food. No. There's a reason we ordered delivery. Also, their takeout fee is nearly as much as their delivery fee. 
The last straw was tonight. We used Waitr to order dinner. We received half of our order and apparently half of another patron's order due to a mix up by the delivery driver; however, the mix up was between 4 identical bags. When we called the restaurant, the hostess went on a rant about how she specifically told the driver which bags went to which order but didn't do something as simple as staple the bags together or label the bags. When I spoke with the manager, his response was to put me in touch with Waitr. No offer to make the order right. Nothing. (Sidebar, I spoke with Waitr, the best they could do was refund me). 
Sorry for the essay. Long story short, we'll be foregoing the convenience of delivery and making the trek to Kanno in Metairie when we want sushi.
Ms. Betty, my wife nor I can figure out how to respond to you aside from editing the review. Does the above explain our frustration or do I need to include more examples?
This was not the first time our order was incorrect. There have been crucial ingredients left off before, such as the lemon zest left off of a salmon zest roll. Your restaurant has delicious food when prepared and delivered correctly.Great ! 
So happy they are in the neighborhood. It's been hard finding great sushi option in the area. No need to try any othersLotus Bistro was so good, especially their fried rice! Omg AMAZING! Just writing this review has me craving some right now! Due to social distancing, indoor dining is not available but they have a cute area in the front with picnic tables and umbrellas. We got to meet the proprietress, Betty. Her and the rest of the staff are so sweet and ensured our meal and dining experience was perfect. I may be from out of town, but I will definitely be returning when I visit again!Stopped into Lotus for outdoor sushi and though the service and being outdoors was a little rough the food was excellent. Lets face it this is a to-go joint, even though we decided to eat there we were served in a to-go boxes. I ordered a miso soup which was one of the best I ever had and for my entree I had the poke salad and both were excellent. If you need delivery or to-go sushi, this is a great spot, if you are looking to dine in look elsewhere.This review is limited to some sides/small plates ordered to go with my Yelp event main. 
I got the Wok tossed spicy edamame, tatsuga age, and fried rice. I really really liked the spicy edamame I've only ever had it salted. The char on it was just a cherry on top. The tatsuga age aka super nuggies (my new name for them) were amazing. Crispy crunchy, mouth poppable, drool inducing. Also came with a bbq kinda dipping sauce. I only had a few bites of the fried rice so idk that I got a full flavor profile, but still enjoyed it. 
I definitely will be back to try the actual sushi. Probably not during the day. There is currently only outdoor service and it's hot as hell. So I recommend pick up or an after the sun goes down visit.Very disappointed on the second time around. It was good the first time I picked up. But tonight, the sushi smelled and tasted very fishy, and it takes a lot for me to say that. The fact that this was deemed ok to be served makes me never want to go back. You can't get rid of that fishy taste on a $16 specialty roll.  Sorry I like fireman mike but this should be better. It was the lotus roll FYI.lPricey for small portions. Guess the owner has not heard that ever but its the consistent info I had heard from other people I know in the area when I was looking for some dinner the other night.  
...and the Google reviews say the same thing....
So if you have a lot of money and a small appetite this is your place. 
Also, I'm in the service industry so I cringe at most complaints from customers, especially on yelp. However, calling the place to inquire about the portions vs price still led me to an out of touch owner.I had a wonderful experience for dinner on a Friday afternoon around 4pm. Their parking is now temporary, covered snd shaded picnic tables, so when I drove by I didn't see the restaurant at first. It is in the corner behind the white shaded picnic tables. There is off-street parking since the parking lot is used for outdoor dinning. 
I arrived to the door and they asked that I have a seat on one of the shaded picnic tables outside. I didnt catch her name, but the very kind waitress offered me a drink and handed me the electronic menu to look through. 
The entree I ordered wasnt yet on the menu. It was the fried panko Fish tacos. I wanted to try the sushi named after a prominent business woman in Japan as was written on information I read about the restaurant. I also wanted to try their dumplings, called gyoza.  I loved the gyoza and the tacos. The gyoza was perfectly wrapped and stuffed with flavorful pork. It was great by itself but the dipping sauce gave it a POW that I just inhaled all of it. The sauce was a garlic and butter based sauce and quite a few more flavors but I could not pin point it. It's just delicious, ok? :) And as for the tacos, it was fried panko tacos with a spicy green Wasabi sauce drizzled on top with added slaw to tame down the spiciness. Also on the two taco dish was, I believe, spicy mayo to cool the spice and marry the flavors together for a really nice bite. Those bites with all the ingredients together was powerful and amazing. Also their plating of this dish was spectacular, complete with a Lotus flower. The sushi roll was good and fresh, but the rice didn't hold my pieces together. It sort of kept falling apart. 
It was a nice breezy day so sitting outside was enjoyable. They don't have the inside open just yet, but you can use the restrooms of course. They do not have a liquor license yet but will soon. Next door there is a convenience store so you can buy a 6 pack of beer or bottle of wine or canned cocktails. 
This place knows how to make a customer happy.Came here for a Yelp elite event but I always purchase something instead of just receiving something for free! 
First, DO NOT go during the day especially when the heat index is high because it's outdoor dining only right now. 
Pie was super friendly - she served us during our dining. 
I decided to order the Shrimp Tempura roll. The roll was good but it wasn't rolled well. Every piece fell apart once I picked it up so I couldn't use my chopsticks. The roll was accompanied with ginger and wasabi. Not the best but it wasn't the worst 
The service was a little slow and there wasn't many folks there. Hopefully they will be better prepared once they fully open up for business.Yeah NEVER Again! Terrible service. Remember the customer is mostly right. I ordered three rolls, 3 appetizers and and a shrimp habachi rice(portion it's a small bowl). I paid $74.00 and +$4.00 tip (AND FOR WHAT), I also came to pick it up from them. When I get home the food portions are soooooo small compared to many other cheaper sushi restaurants in the area. I called them to let them know that they should separate the sushi in the future because we have a fish allergy in our family. Instead of giving me a solution to the problem.. i.e. my money back. The lady told me I should tell them to separate it next time. I most likely won't be returning to this restaurant, the food does not taste authentic at all. Spicy tuna wasn't spicy at all! Rice was gross.Ok y'all, I have to say, even though I tried only two rolls, they were amazingly tasty! I ordered a crunchy roll and spicy tuna roll. Wow! That was some of the best sushi that I've had in a really long time. I see why this place is consistently busy. 
I can't wait to go back and order the sushi pizza! I heard that it's slowly becoming a local favorite.We had a wonderful meal tonight.   Crab Rangoons are perfect, thin shell with the perfect blend of crabmeat and cream cheese served with a wonderful sauce    The you have to try was the fireman mike roll.   We can't wait to go backomg best sushi i have had in a while!! the kimono roll and the kimi iwata are to die for!!!Came here for dinner last night and it was great! The waitresses were attentive and very appreciative of us being there. We started with the combination hibachi fried rice which was delicious. We ordered 3 sushi rolls, the Masako Katsura, the Rock N Roll, and the Fireman Mike. The Masako Katsura was by far our favorite with Fireman Mike coming in at a close second. Great outdoor seating option for small parties. It's BYOB with a small corkage fee! Will definitely be returning!I visited as part of a very generous Yelp elite experience during which we received free fish tacos and a very nice pair of wooden chopsticks. 
Dining is outside only in a parking area with picnic tables covered by white canopies. There are no fans or misters under the canopies, and the air does not move. If you visit during the lunch hours, you will be hot. While I knew that I was arriving at 11:30 am (when they open), I never thought it would take a full hour for me to receive two items (it was only one couple and me at this time). I honestly thought I was going to pass out and was starting to worry about heatstroke, and I'm a person that loves the heat. 
I ordered a shrimp tempura roll (8.95) and the panko crusted tilapia tacos (14.95). The plate presentation was beautiful, but the taste of the somewhat pricey food didn't match the presentation. As another reviewer stated, the rolls weren't wrapped tightly and fell apart when I picked them up. The fish tacos had almost no substance - two very small pieces of fish and some slaw. By the time I received the fish tacos (one hour after ordering), all I wanted to do was leave. I was not even being provided water refills. Maybe the server (who was very nice) was also cooking our food? 
I don't know if they are severely understaffed or what the issue is, but I've visited other restaurants during this same time frame and not had similar problems. 
Also, we were provided with a clipboard full of articles on the restaurant and the owner. While that was very interesting, you have to look up the menu on your phone. PLEASE provide paper menus! As we get older, reading our phones for restaurant menus (while outside especially) is very difficult.My new favorite spot. 
The food is incredible, and the vegan options are AMAZING!! 
The service is soo friendly, we felt like family after our second visit. 
Adding this spot to our rotation at least once a weekThey're currently only allowing outdoor dining, so we kept our waitress extremely busy running back and forth for refills since we decided to go for lunch. She was extremely nice and helpful with suggestions. They don't have their liquor license yet, but she suggested that we run next door if we wanted something to enjoy with our meal.
We were there to get some complimentary Yelp elite panko crusted fish tacos and got a few sides to enjoy with them. We started with the wok toss edamame which was my favorite appetizer. The edamame was somewhat charred and tossed in this spicy seasoning blend. Next we had an order of the tatsuta age which was some crunchy fried chicken with a Japanese bbq sauce. The chicken had a nice and crunchy coating and the sauce was a really good pairing. We also ordered a side of hibachi fried rice that came out after our tacos which was slightly weird timing, but we were full and decided to take it to go. 
The food was good but a bit pricey and our wait between courses seemed a bit long with only three other tables seated. We will definitely wait for the indoor seating to open before returning now that the summer heat is upon us.I went to Lotus Bistro the other day and ordered a TON OF FOOD to go! Right now Lotus Bistro is still only operating outside so to-go orders are the best until you can sit indoors (or it gets cooler outside.
We got the Jessica albacore, crunchy roll, chicken udon & yakisoba for the family to split.
Let me tell you, even with the drive back home, the food was still warm, the sushi was fresh, and after I was done my food I was ready to plan my next trip to get a to go order.
I can't wait for the inside to open, but In The meantime it's Togo orders for me! 
They will be closed for the month of July 2021.I would not order from them again. They're only two minutes away from me so I've given them multiple chances, but every time I order something is wrong. Most of the time the quality is hit or miss, but this time we didn't even receive half our order. The half we did receive was wrong. Waste of money. Don't go here.It's outdoor seating only and kind of confusing bc there is no sign indicating how to get a table. But after being seated the server was super friendly and kind. The food was really nice. We had the edamame and that was great! Really great service and good food with vegan options.I simply wasn't satisfied with my whole experience. I felt this strongly about my experience with this restaurant, I decided to take time to share with everyone. In response to your recycling situation you should probably consider looking in to paper containers or bamboo to-go containers. I share the same concern for the amount of containers used, but I also really care for my sister's health I don't think that would have been too much to ask to separate the cooked sushi from the raw. Also, based on the picture I shared below the containers you gave me did not get a 100% use therefore a total waste to the environment. Again, thank you for your offer but like I said on the phone, to me it wouldn't have been worth it to drive back to you and pick up one roll of sushi when the whole order was nearly $80 and sub-par. Thank you for extending the offer once more and replying to my comment! If the offer still stands, I'd like to give my roll to a person in need of food. Have a blessed day!I was really excited to support a local Lakeview business during Covid and was highly disappointed in the portions and quality of food that we received. Don't waste your time with this place. $30 for two bento boxes that was hardly anything. Even though we received a soup and salad in addition to the box, it was still not enough food. Not to mention, the tempura and tempura sauce were cold. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT! DEFINITELY WILL NOT SUPPORT EVER AGAIN!We visited Lotus Bistro last week!  They were taking Covid precautions and only offering outdoor dining.  A tent was set up in front of the restaurant with 4 picnic tables underneath, and two small tables with bar chairs were set up on the sidewalk along the building (under a roof).
We did have to wait a while (~45 minutes) for the food to arrive, but I think with most restaurants being short-staffed due to the pandemic, that's to be expected.  Plus, they had 5 other groups besides us to attend to as well!  I'm okay with a little wait!
Unfortunately, I would have to give the food here 1 star.
To start, we ordered the Philadelphia roll ($7) and spicy tuna roll ($7).  They both used fresh tasting ingredients, and the sushi themselves were well-made.  These "classic rolls" were fairly priced with fair portions.  My only complaint was the wasabi that came with the sushi.  It was hard, crusty, and flavorless - it was either old wasabi or had been left out exposed to the air all day.  I would have asked for fresher wasabi, but the waitress was so busy, I didn't want to bother her.
The next item we tried was the panko fried fish tacos with Japanese slaw and wasabi aioli, which was the complimentary Yelp Elite Perk.  The tilapia was breaded with panko and fried until crispy; that was great!  However, the issue was the flavor.  I didn't taste any wasabi in the wasabi aioli sauce drizzled on the tacos. That would have given it a Japanese twist, but I think they must have used the same old wasabi we got with our sushi (maybe they ran out?).  Without the flavor in sauce, the tacos were lackluster.
Then, came the miso soup ($3) we ordered.  To our disappointment, this was bland and diluted.  It was a white miso soup, which is supposed to be lighter in flavor than red miso, but realistically, a lot more miso (and probably dashi) needs to be used to make miso soup.
Finally, our entrees: the shrimp hibachi fried rice ($11) and the chicken hibachi fried rice ($10).  The shrimp and chicken were cooked perfectly - not overcooked and well seasoned.  However, the fried rice was mediocre.  It was too wet (even for using a shorter grain), and again, flavorless.  I would suggest adding bonito dashi to the eggs and rice when you cook the fried rice.  It'll give it a boost to the flavor that still tastes traditional.  Also, the portions were small for the price in my opinion (see photos).  You can count on your hands the number of shrimp or chicken pieces are resting on top of the rice (no protein mixed into the rice, just sitting on top).  You definitely don't get much for protein and even the rice portion isn't large, but maybe it's normal for the area (restaurants in Lakeview tends to be pricier).
I will say, the presentation for all of the food items were beautifully done.  It was gorgeous to look at and very photogenic.  Maybe the food would have been better if we had gotten there earlier during the day.  We arrived an hour before closing, plus it was kind of busy.  Additionally, I'm Japanese myself and have high standards for food claiming to be Japanese, so take my review with a grain of salt!
The reason I gave this restaurant 2 stars instead of 1 star was because of our waitress.  She was SUPER sweet.  And, as the only person working outside, she was literally running from table to table to tend to us.  Even though she had been working hard by herself all day, she was still so cheerful, pleasant, and she gave us perfect service.  I was really impressed with her!We had a doctor gift us lunch from this place today & it was  delicious! The variety of rolls, edamame, gyoza dumpling was fresh. I didn't try the hibachi steak & rice but it looked fabulous. I definitely want to try this again next week. I highly recommend it.One of the best sushi spots in Lakeview has to be Lotus Bistro! The weather was beautiful, and I loved their outdoor dining options. They also have curbside pickup!
I started with the Crab Ragoons, and they were so crispy! I loved the sauce and the amount of snow crab inside. I then ordered the Lotus Roll which was a really good no-rice option! The sauce on top tasted like a garlic sauce which was delicious. 
I finished with the PB&J Roll which was a dessert roll made of peanut butter, fried, and topped with vanilla ice cream and fresh strawberries! It was literally spectacular, and I would recommend sharing this roll because it's very filling. 
The staff was so kind and attentive; I will definitely be back soon!Extremely disappointed in the whole meal. Just moved to the area so we figured we would try a new spot after looking through Yelp photos. Spent $75 to order 4 speciality rolls that when we went to pick them up apparently all fit in one to go box, the rolls looked nothing like they do in the owner Yelp photos. Very bland, avocado on top was so ripe it was crunchy and just placed on top and they didn't even wrap it around the roll, none of the rolls were even close to the descriptions on the menu, baked salmon was miniature compared to other places and cold and waaayy overcooked when we went to pick it up. My wife and I have tried so many sushi places in the city and this was by far the worst. Don't waste your money. We felt robbed. The menu prices listed on Yelp were inaccurate apparently. The $17 rolls we ordered you could get a better basic roll for $6 elsewhere. Will not return.Amazing food, staff, service and atmosphere! Can't wait to go back!! Trust me, you've gotta try this place!!!Atmosphere- inside dining wasn't open yet. We dined outside at lunch time. Not the brightest idea as it was very very hot! But shade was provided and there was a breeze! The staff was EXTREMELY friendly and sweet! I wish more places were like this! Staff wore masks at all time.
DIsclaimer - I really really dislike fish tacos but Holy moly. I am a huge huge fan. The panko crusted tilapia tacos were amazing. The taco shell was extra delicious but was not a tortilla. The Japanese relish needs to be sold in a store. The wasbasi aioli was just the right amount of spice! I really enjoyed these tacos and would highly recommend them. I also got the chicken upon- first time having udon but I thoroughly enjoyed it! The food was very pretty! The udo was very flavorful! Tons of veggies which I love and the chicken amazing! Had this crisp hibachi flavor to it! The miso soup was good, not as flavorful as the rest of the meal!
Overall, I highly recommend this place! I will def be making a trip back once indoor dining is available.Came here for a Yelp Elite event and ended up getting MORE! WARNING it is dine outside or take out only so just prepared to sit in the heat. 
Owner is super sweet and so is staff. I ordered the Tomoe Gozen roll and sushi pizza, along with my fish tacos from the event. 
The Tomoe Gozen is shrimp tempura and spicy tuna and avocado wrapped in soy paper topped with crunchies. The sushi pizza is crab salad, seaweed salad, scallions, eel sauce, spicy mayo and your choice of tuna or salmon. I picked tuna.We ordered love boat yesterday for our anniversary. Not sure if there was a change of sushi person who made/prepared the boat but it was the literally worst sashimi/sushi preparation ever. Tuna sashimi was not cut right, salmon was cut very thin and not even covering the rice on the bottom. Tuna sushi was also cut in two pieces and placed on rice barely covering rice on the bottom. Miso soup was also bad ended up throw away. For sure, this will be my last meal with lotus bistro.Unfortunately, the lady that answers the phone is incredibly rude. If you want to experience being talked down to, give them a call. Such a shame too because the food is great. Sad when a restaurant is brought down by negative attitudes. The to-go process needs to be heavily improved especially considering to-go is what most people are resorting to right now.In response to the comment~ I am being fair with my review.  I have no problem with dining outdoors. While waiting for a very long time there were no cart out orders picked up.  Additionally, it's important to be prepared and staffed for hosting such events.  I'm simply sharing my experience as I always do honestly and fairlyI had the matcha tea, which isn't sweeten at all, and the Brussels sprouts. As the waiter told is, they don't cut the Brussels sprouts in half and then cook them, but instead they take apart every leaf and then cook it. I think it's a way to give less Brussels sprouts, but that's just me. Anyway, it comes drizzled with a sauce that is pretty tasty. The one downside of the dish is that it's cooked with fish oil and it's such an overpowering, bad smell. When the dish came, all I could smell was the fish sauce. That side, it was a pretty enjoyable appetizer. 
As for the matcha tea, I don't recommend it!We order from here all the time and today I have to say was severely disappointing. The order took over 75 minutes for 3 sushi rolls. One $16 dollar roll that was not even close to correct and one $18 dollar roll that had missing ingredients. And not to mention this restaurant charges $5 as a pick up charge in addition to tipping. So for a $61 dollar order.. this is what we get. I have no issue paying for quality food and I understand that times are difficult but to charge that much and put out terrible food is unacceptable. Note the photo below-  nothing has been eaten yet from our order. Disappointed.Great food with a super healthy menu, and it is also woman owned.
I had the 3 piece sushi bento box with rice, clear soup with mushroom. The rice, soup and salad had my favorite flavors. The sushi was fresh and had good flavor, I was really impressed with the flavor of the rice and soup. Next visit I would try one of the special rolls. I had already eaten the crunchy tilapia wasabi tacos for and elite Yelp event before I had the bento bowl.  I recommend these tacos if they keep it on the menu. Ask and I don't think you will be disappointed. 
Just be patient when looking for parking you may have to walk a block after you park but that means you can eat more food.Came here for a yelp elite event. Would give 3.5 stars. They had outdoor seating with benches and a canopy as the interior was still closed. 
We ordered on an online menu and got the dragon roll, the mineko iwasaki roll, and zesty salmon roll, as well as some complimentary fish tacos for the event. The rolls came in a to-go styrofoam box. I understand Covid precautions and having it be more convenient, but would have preferred a nicer presentation.
The dragon roll that had snow crab, cucumber, bbq eel, avocado ell sauce and sesame seeds. It was pretty delicious, however I was pretty disappointed that only half the roll had bbq eel on top, and the very little eel on the roll was so thin you could barely taste it. I expected that the eel would be the star of the roll, but instead it seemed just a side thought. 
The zesty salmon roll had salmon, snow crab, lemon zest, and spicy ponzu. I couldn't really taste the lemon zest, so it was kind of just like a salmon and snow crab roll.
The mineko iwasaki roll had spicy snow crab, tuna, avocado, cucumber, chefs special sauce, masago. I would say that out of all three rolls the mineko iwasaki roll was my favorite. The green onion added a nice twist to an otherwise pretty regular roll. In all three rolls the rice was a bit dry and the rolls easily fell apart. 
Overall, this sushi was decent but not really worth the price we paid. All three were "specials" and $15 -18 per roll. The best part of the meal was honestly the fish tacos that the chef made for the event. Would recommend coming here at least once to try it out though!I ate at lotus bistro  once 2 weeks ago and  have had it 5x since very high quality sushi and high quality food would definitely recommend to anyone trying to get excellent foodI've only dined here once but honestly trying them one time is all you need to get hooked!!! I wish I would've taken photos ‍ I got the brussel sprouts & several rolls... everything was absolutely magnificent!! There's 2 different sauces on the sprouts that compliment each other so well. The sprouts are also prepared in a way that keeps them crunchy! (go there & find out for yourself, you won't regret it) Also... the sushi??? DA BESTTTTTT!!!!! I've had sushi from many different restaurants in New Orleans (& on the Westbank) & Lotus Bistro has the absolute freshest/best tasting sushi I've ever had in this city!!! The price is worth it!! (I'd pay more if they raised the price ‍ cuz it's that good) I look forward to dining here again!! I honestly don't want to go anywhere else for sushi anymore.I heard about Lotus and wanted to give it a try. We sat at the sushi bar and the chefs were very welcoming. I had the mineko wasaki roll as well as salmon, tuna, escolar, and yellowtail sushi. The sushi was fresh and had great taste. I will definitely come back!Tried Lotus Bistro after hearing about outdoor dining options.  Treat to dine out amidst covid.  Extremely friendly staff.  Food fresh and well prepared.  Lovely lunch.  Will definitely return.Super disappointed in what is advertised versus the reality. Very overpriced and lacking in quality and size. Specialty rolls were super small and the avocado on top was crunchy ‍ I don't even understand how you can screw up sushi this badly. Seriously grocery store sushi is 10x better in quality compared to here. Don't waste your money.Looks smaller from the outside, but very clean and decorated nicely inside. Sushi was very good, loved the spicy edamame. We had a basic roll and the kimono roll, highly recommend. We will be back!I had a wonderful lunch at Lotus Bistro. They offer outdoor seating now as well as take out. They are not doing indoor seating yet. It is easy to order outside by looking at the menu on an iPad. I ordered the BBQ eel roll and received complimentary fish tacos with Yelp. Both were delicious! And the staff was very friendly and accommodating. I will definitely be back.We have dined in and gotten take out. The food is great! The order is always correct and ready promptly. We love this neighborhood spot!Excellent sushi and fantastic customer service! We have only ordered from here during the Covid crisis and this restaurant has still knocked it out the park every time. I I haven't had anything that I haven't liked but my absolute favorite is the Mineko Iwasaki roll with the Tomoe Gozen roll coming in second. The customer service is always outstanding and they have handled the phone order and pick-up process flawlessly. I'm so happy this restaurant opened in our neighborhood!!Tried the sushi dinner and clear soup. The food was actually pretty good but the service was horrible. Because of that, I will defintely stick to other places for my sushi fix.Lotus Bistro only has outdoor dining right now, which is understandable but it's gotten very hot outside. I had to wait a while at my table before the server came to acknowledge me - there were two other tables there before I arrived. Maybe if you go, knock on the door to let them know you're waiting. The server was very sweet once she did come around. The stuffed jalapeños are really good.Lotus Bistro is such a cute space in Lakeview! Sat outside on a nice day and really enjoyed it! The baked salmon was plated really nicely and tasted so good! I got the dragon roll for an entree and loved it! The dragon head looked a little off, but I wasn't complaining!  Then, to finish off we got the dessert peanut butter and jelly roll! It's deep friend and crispy to perfection! If you're looking for a good neighborhood sushi place, this is it!Sushi was great. I got the West Harrison and crunchy rolls. Both were delicious. My only complaint is that it's a little pricey, but the quality is there! They also have chicken teriyaki, ramen and other kitchen items for those who don't like sushi.Unfortunately, this is the first review I'm posting that is unfavorable.  The door was locked upon arrival, as I walked away the owner Pie came out to greet us and explain the restaurant is not open so there's only outside dining.  After being seated my daughter and I requested water with lemon. There were no other patrons there yet it took a while to receive it.  We ordered an appetizer and sushi to enjoy along with the Yelp Elite Entree.  I enjoyed the stuffed jalapeños but the sushi was warm and not rolled tight.  We then waited an hour for the fish tacos!  They were a disappointment because they came out cold and dry!  Additionally, the menu should state its Tilapia.  I don't eat this type of fish, therefore I did not eat it.  My daughter ate a bite of hers and agreed it was not good at all.  The owner/manager was the only person taking care of everything.  Although there were only four tables she appeared overwhelmed.  Three different parties came and left due to the slow service.  I asked to use the restroom.  She stated sure but give me a few minutes.  When granted access i could see the restaurant is no where near completion, there's stuff everywhere piled up!  The bathroom had no a/c do it was stuffy and the trash was filled so clearly it needed attention.  I'm total were were there around 1/2 hours and left as soon as the tacos arrived. 
My recommendation is they should have waited to host the event when the restaurant was done and had ample staff.