It's 4am, you're hammered, you're hungry... find one of these carts on Bourbon St. and get a loaded up dog (chili is a must)! Damn good dog! The next morning you'll thank me... or maybe not.FABULOUS!!! Picture it New Year's morning 2 a.m. walking down Bourbon Street in thigh high boots & needing FOOD! My boyfriend was appalled that after all my times in NOLA, I had never had a chili dog from the Lucky Dog cart on the street!  
I have to say it hit the spot! The toppings were great, the hot dog yummy, but it was the BUN!!! The bun was almost buttery nearly melting in my mouth and has the perfect temperature all WARM!!! Will definitely add to my must eats in NOLA!Works as a last resort. Hot dogs are nothing special but I've eaten them a few times when they were my only option and they never made me sick. Choose your vendor carefully! They seem to hire just about any whacko willing to push a giant hot dog down a busy street every day. Way tougher than a much smaller hot dog down a hallway I imagine, but I suggest watching him sell one to someone else before approaching.Forced to eat a dog in the French Quarter since we got back too late to avoid the long lines to the better restaurants.  I have to say that every hot dog I've ever had was better than the Lucky Dog.  There is basically nothing wrong with it, just tasteless, perhaps too fatty and definitely overpriced!  A soda and dog was $11.00.  Can you imagine how I felt after paying that much knowing that were hundreds of restaurants nearby where for about the same amount of money (okay a little more) I could have feasted?!  I was starved so I went with the dog.  Eeek!Had to try a Lucky Dog, since they seem to be everywhere in the French Quarter.  Big and tasty, I enjoyed my dog with onions and mustard.  Guy who served it was kind of out of it though...he opened my coke for me and then tossed the cap on the ground, right there in Jackson Square.  Kind of a slob, so made me wonder what I was really eating.Beads?                                                   Check!
Get down early for 3-for-1 specials   Check!
Hurricane?                                             Check! 
Body Shots from shot girl boobs?    Check! 
Big Ass Beer?                                       Check!
More boobs?                                         Check!
Hand Grenade?                                   Check!
Request Journey from cover band? Check!
More beer-hurricanes-drinks...          Chhheeettthhh!
OK time for a Lucky Dog...                   Check.
This seems like the typical tourist session on Bourbon and the Lucky Dog has found it's way in that practice.   I'm not a fan of dirty water dogs on the street but when you serve it up with enough onions and chili and your taste buds have been thrashed by liquor everything is good... Yes, I had one but I'd rather grab a gyro or late night po boy.  One extra star for convenience being on every other corner on Bourbon.I'm sure they still talk about it to this day. 
My girlfriend (who one day would become my wife) waltzing in the lobby of the Ritz Carlton at 2 in the morning holding a Lucky Dog packed with the works, chili dripping down the sleeve of her coat and yelling out "This is sooooo good!". She's one classy woman isn't she? 
In her defense, these hot dogs are a serious dog dawg. Cheap and readily available on every street corner on Bourbon Street they are the certain cure for any pending hangover. 
And just in case you didn't get enough, there is a Lucky Dog cart in the gate area of the airport. Request "extra onions", the person seated next to you on the plane will really appreciate it.Good sir (or madam), have you spent your evening doing battle with your liver and now wish to sate a burning hunger for non-specific meat products sold from a cart on the sidewalk? Then today is your lucky day! Buy lotto tickets! But first, have a Lucky Dog.
It was only in adulthood that I came to enjoy hot dogs. Even now I can't stomach the cheap ones but the higher grade hot dogs usually hit the spot. Enter Lucky Dog. Like many others I'm going to label Lucky Dog a "New Orleans tradition", much like getting hammered on Bourbon St. It's something you do once in your life, like a right of passage.
So, as someone past the "let's go to the Quarter and get blind drunk" phase, would I eat a Lucky Dog (sober)? Probably not and here's why. It's not so much the quality of the hot dog itself, that's something I can handle, but for me the true glory of a hot dog is the fixings and Lucky Dog doesn't even come close to matching some better options on the city. 
The second thing that makes me hesitant to eat a Lucky Dog is the vendors. Well, most like the vendors' hygiene. Or lack there of. I've never seen one of the vendors use so much as hand sanitizer after handling money and food in some pretty dirty French Quarter conditions. 
But if you're inebriated and got one of those random drunken cravings, stumble up to the giant plastic hot dog shaped cart and have a foot long. You can have the whole thing, I'll pass. I already ate. Really.Really nice dog! I'd say 4.5 stars. Definitely better than the current 3.5 rating. BIG portion, all beef. Got mine with everything. Yummy sweet-ish chili. Onions, ketchup, mustard. really good bun. 
And they serve it to you out of giant hog dog cart right on Bourbon Street, the smelliest nosiest, craziest street in the USAAh Lucky Dog... how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:
#1  You are always there for me in my time(s) of need.
#2  You are fresh, warm, tasty, and wiener shaped.
#3  You are doused in ketchup and mustard.
#4  You are somewhat cheaper than Krystal.
#5  You are served with a smile, and a partial feel.  
Does it get any better?  I think not!Hmmm...to write a review of lucky dogs or to not. Full disclosure, I last ate a lucky dog in high school so maybe a couple of decades ago. But I am a big fan of the carts and love that they exist.  If you're a hot dog lover, you should definitely have one. Rumor has it that the stand closest to Jackson Square is always the cleanest. And if you are leaving NOLA without having indulged, there's a cart on at least one of the concourses.
If you haven't read Managing Ignatius by Jerry Strahan, add it to your New Orleans book list. It's a memoir not fiction, because who could make some of this stuff up.  I will warn you that if you read it, and you're from here, it'll make you really miss orange julius.
OMG! I just discovered their online shop. Lucky Dog gifts for everyone! http://www.luckydogs.us/shop/index.cfmI would go 2.5 stars for them being an "experience" in New Orleans
I think, that if you come all the way to New Orleans to have the "true" Bourbon Street experience and drink yourself into a walking coma, you might as well finish off your night/morning with a Lucky Dog or 2.
The combination of all that fat and bread can't be worse than what you've been shoving down your pie hole all night anyway.
Would I suggest Lucky Dogs if you haven't been black-out drinking for hours? Probably not. If you ever walk by the Lucky Dog stands, you will most likely notice a couple of things. 
First, it's a mobile cart with no way of knowing who put what into that cart..
Second, have you seen/smelled the people working them? I've had my nose and eyes burn walking past a few.
Third, seems they all love their ciggies and often are drinking almost as much as the people around them.
Combine their less than immaculate appearance, with the smoking and the drinking and that interesting Odour de Musk many of them share with the fact that they don't have hand washing facilities after pushing the carts from the warehouse, setting up the carts, handling the money, shaking hands, smoking, scratching their asses and then touching your food. 
The unsettling feeling one would get from this observance is enough to instill fear in world record competitive eaters and children who may or may not have made mud pies and ate them as children.
SO if you are all up on your shots and have had enough to drink to kill anything that goes into your stomach, go for it. If you make it ok, then Lucky Dog has truly lived up to its name. 
Lucky you survived them? Buy yourself a t-shirtI'm usually a little hesitant when it comes to street vendors and food, but for some reason, there's a "no holds barred" attitude in New Orleans...that's my excuse anyway!  Lucky Dogs are awesome - there's a cart on most Bourbon St. corners and you know those chili dogs hit the spot after a night of fun and debauchery.  Love it!Oh my god!  The stand in the shape of a hot dog is the best part!  It made me smile every time I saw one.  Finally, after drinking my weight in margaritas, I had one.  I took over that stand.  I think that's my new calling, serving up dogs.  
I loaded that thing up - onions, mustard, got it all over my face but none on my white shirt.  Impressive.  But really, the guy working will forever have a special place in my heart.
After, not so fun.  I burped that thing the rest of the night and the next day.Who doesn't love a fully loaded hot dog after a night of drinking!!!You know you're in NOLA when you see the Lucky Dogs stand, although by the time these start to look appealing, the stand may look like it's moving when it's not.  When you or a toasted friend are heading home for the night and need some alcohol absorption, grab a dog before heading back, and you'll be good to go (or at least a little better off than you were before)!  On our last trip, a friend woke up the next morning to find a Lucky Dog in her purse...no bun, just the dog and a LOT of mustard...a sign of a true Bourbon experience.I am a huge fan of street meat and last time I was in NOLA, I saw these Lucky Dogs carts all over the FQ and even in the airport.  Unfortunately last time I was here I didn't have the luxury of trying one.  I was back in NOLA this past week and I finally tried one, and man o man was it worth it.  This hot dog is huge!  Taste is divine.  They steam there dogs and buns too, which I am an advocate for when it comes to hot dogs.  The only downside is the price.  $5.75 for one hot dog.  Very steep considering it probably costs less than .50 cents.  Eh oh well.  I had fun on Bourbon, and my tummy and taste buds had some fun with this hot dog.It isn't a visit to NOLA without a stop at a Lucky Dog cart.  Always friendly vendors and great dogs . . . go the max with the 1/4 pound dog with sauce, onions and mustard.  Their sausages are also good, but its the dogs that bring me back.  There is just something about standing on the corner and people=watching while enjoying a Lucky Dog.  I just wish they had the supplies needed to be able to get a few "to go" . . .What do you really want from a hotdog? Ask yourself that question, think about it for a bit and then think about how fucking delicious a Lucky Dog is at 2 in the morning after seven huge ass beers and six handgranades... yes Huge Ass beers is an actual drink in N.O.
I live in Chicago, I've had the dogs here. Yeah, they're pretty good, but a Lucky Dog in the French Quarter after some debauchery, some good old fashioned stumbling and maybe a few drinks at Pat O'Briens, is food for the soul.
There's nothing like 8 inches of fun on a bun and when it's served up by striped shirted, hot dog carting lunatics that sell these dogs, it just makes them taste that much better. Listen, the Quarter is hot, so go into Harrah's Casino and order a Lucky Dog, soak up the a.c. and enjoy the beef...feel better right?
Had a bit too much to drink, too many Hurricane's? Order a Lucky Dog and balance yourself. I get mine, plain, ketchup and mustard, and always, always, the people with me want a bite or two or three and I don't want to give it up. I love my LUCKY DOGS and when I'm in New Orleans there is no better food for the street than these dogs.
OVERALL: If you visit New Orleans, you better get a Lucky Dog in the Quarter if you want the full experience.Any bad breathed pigeon with something bad to say about Lucky Dogs should be barred from the Holly Crescent See! 
Lucky Dogs has been canonized by New Orleans's gift to haute food and literary couture, Mr. Ignatius J. Reilly, who inbetween situations operated one of these original food carts while taste testing( for quality control purposes, only!) numerous of these " delectable savories " as Mr. Reilly put it.
 Indeed, Lucky Dogs is a corner stone to the diet of any legitmate Quarter Rat.  Furthermore, It's a confirmed fact that not only are the highest forms of nourishment furnished from these Heavenly Chariots, but the shelter from the umbrellas on the original carts are recognized by the Louisiana State Medical Society, for saving the countless lives of old drunks from heat stroke in August while allowing them to continue to drink in the provisional shade.
Indeed New Orleans with out the ubiquitous Lucky Dog Vendors would be like Kermit Ruffins with out an Abita draft beer, or a Po' Boy with out oysters, or as the noted Cajun philosopher and inventor of the famous Slew Footed Gator Waltz, Rev.Dr, Beausejour Dupuis Robichaud Jr. stated a mere three months ago whilst eating cat fish at "Gloria's Place, Catfish & Soul Food,  "Nola with out dem Lucky Dogs be like a 15 foot Gator in the Atchafalaya Swamp with out a fat pinkish white baby  (that formerly belonged to a loathsome tourist) ripping in it's murky den.  
All Hail the Majestic Lucky Dog!
p.s. "KILL THE GREEN COCKROACH...Hand Grenades, the scourge of bartenders throughout the channels of New Orleans. They're everything that's wrong with capitalism in the French Quarter"  http://quarterrat.com/kill-the-green-cockroach/Completely goes off viral marketing via drunken stories and the use of the word wiener in an inappropriate manner. One of those things you do when you have been drinking way too much and suddenly decided that eating out of a hot dog cart off Bourbon St. is a great idea. 
Probably a good place for a quick bite when you are just sick of pizza by the slice. Nothing special in my opinion. But, it is quick and relatively inexpensive in comparison to what else is around. But, there are better after hours places to eat. 
Don't completely take my word though. Everyone needs to have one just to say you did. Just like the other bad ideas you get when on Bourbon St. That sounds a little gristy. Eww..Not only is Steve extremely sweet and polite - he was able to satisfy my hot dog craving at 2am. He cooks his hot dogs fresh and serves them with a fresh bun, ketchup and mustard. Yum!I hope you're sitting down because this review is very disturbing and very tragic.
I know a girl from a small town in Northern California just off the 101. She has been to the Crescent City, but get this. Are you ready? Cover the ears of any and all nearby children. 
This girl, has never tried a Lucky Dog!
*Shaking head. Yes, we have a deprived girl on our hands.
Lucky Dogs are an institution. You can find a cart on just about every corner up and down Bourbon Street. They are legendary and the food of choice at 3:00 am during and after a night of heavy drinking. But with this being said, a Lucky Dog is best enjoyed not while hungover or while guzzling a Hand Grenade.
Lucky Dogs are culinary masterpieces. Each and every dog is a work of art and to maximize your enjoyment this what I recommend you do.
Skip dinner. Yes, I know this is sacrilege in city known for it's food. But trust me on this. Make your Lucky Dog your main meal of the day. 
Now head down to the nearest Lucky Dog cart to your hotel room or wherever  you happen to be staying. 
When asked what you would like your dog do not hold back. Every ingredient is absolutely essential. Not all carts are the same and some will have a few subtle differences. For example some carts are stocked with Tabasco while others have Crystal Hot Sauce. Maybe I'm missing something here, but they taste exactly the same to me.
If you happen to stumble onto a cart that does not have chili. Walk away.
Do get the white raw onions. Even if you hate onions this is a must. 
Yes to ketchup mustard and relish.
And most importantly. Sausage. They have both traditional hot dogs and sausage, but I am here to tell you the sausage is clearly the better of the two.
Now after your Lucky Dog has been assembled, walk back to your hotel room and enjoy it in complete silence. No distractions, just you and your dog. This is key as you can concentrate and focus your attention on the best tasting hot dog in the country. 
Sorry, New York, better luck next time Chicago but New Orleans is where a true hot dog lover will find the best.
So now what to do about the girl? Do I need to rearrange my travel schedule and take her back to the Big Easy?
I also recommend she do a little homework and pick a copy of A Confederacy of Dunces. Lucky Dogs get a few mentions here.What happens when you get hundreds of people walking the streets in between bars having cocktails? The need for street vendors of course. In this case, there is a common theme among the hot dog vendors, and that is the name Lucky Dog. The consistency is not as common as the carts, but non the less, most of the hot dogs were extremely good (but fairly pricey).
I had the all-beef dog all the way, including chili, mustard, onions, relish, and a few more onions for taste. This particular dog was not done as well as I would have liked, but I think it was because the vendor was busy listening to the LSU football game on the radio. A hot dog with everything is $5.75, no discount for a plain dog.
Favorite Dish: A hot dog all the way.Another New Orleans Tradition!!  My ONE and ONLY suggestion is DON'T eat one until you are Nice and DRUNK!  Perfect Way to End the Night!Thanks, a lot, Lucky Dogs.  You totally ruined my vacation.  Lucky Dogs?  More like Laxative Dogs!  I can't believe you charged so much money too for a boiled POS street meat.  My stomach is tough as nails, and I'm absolutely not a rookie to a 1am dog on the street, but drowning a dog in ketchup and mustard and onions doesn't cover up the fact that your hot dog tried to kill me and my travel buddy's plans by keeping us confined to within sprinting distance of the bathroom the next day . . . . and the day after . . . .  Not cool, yo . . . not cool.Maybe I'm a brave soul, but I don't mind eating off/at street vendors, and this was the same case as Lucky Dogs.  They are apparently a New Orleans/French Quarter institution and on several corners in the area.  
My other half got Krystal Burger that evening, and I went for the Lucky Dog.  When I approached, one of the vendors friends sized me up, and said, "You want a Lucky Dog with chili and mustard, don't you?".  Not knowing any better, I said, "Sure!  Sounds good!".  
The result was actually pretty decent, but I was surprised with the price at ~$6, and then the vendor asked for a tip.  Strange ... I'm not getting that much service and you expect a tip?  
Be careful if you get one with chili, cause they do put a bit on and can end up on your clothes.  Not like I'm saying that happened to me, or anything. ;-)I understand that Lucky Dogs are a staple of Bourbon Street, but they are not good hot dogs. Rubbery, no flavor, and double the price of a hot dog anywhere else. I got one because my flight got delayed and all my friends had already eaten lunch at a restaurant. While the dog itself was a big disappointment, I liked all of the different topping options.The drink deals on Bourbon street are unreal. As a result, there is a tendency to drink too much. Therefore, it is basically guaranteed you will get the drunk munchies.  And that's where Lucky Dog comes in.
Granted, you will pay more for a hotdog here than 3 beers across the street, but it is so worth it.  Skip the chili- I did because it sounded unnecessarily messy to eat whist standing on a crowd- and it will give you an instantaneous boost of energy that will no doubt leave you back at the bar for another round of 3-for-1. 
I'm pretty sure they bring out the same dogs night after night until they're gone (may explain Paula's bad street meat experience) but when I eat a hotdog from a street vendor on Bourbon, I just don't ask those questions. No one wants to know.Now I've had my share of coney hot dogs, aka red hot if your from New York. I grew up in Detroit so Lafayette and American Coney Island are my benchmark the dog is one thing, the coney sauce is another. But I must say the hot dog, or the smoked sausage from lucky dog are the real deal and should know they are as good as their coney brethren across country. I think if you have never had a Coney Island dog aka chili dog this is the real deal Lucky dog. Oh I forgot fresh white onion and NEVER ketchup!when your almost blacking out get yourself a nice chili dog to put u back in the game!! gyeeeeah!!My husband would give this 10 stars as it is the first place he wants to eat when we are in the Quarter.
Vendor hygiene seems to be down. I usually pick my Lucky Dog cart carefully. The hot dogs are large and flavorful. They have chili and onions and that is my favorite combo.
Carts are out from lunch until late. A nice quick snack or late night food while drinking.After being told to stop smiling as there is no way she would let me get one of these (she says the same things to me about the bacon wrapped dogs here in LA) figured after she fell asleep would sneak out of the hotel to grab one. I also discovered that at 1:00am an unaccompanied male on a Saturday night can see a lot more things on Bourbon St than when he walks down that same street with his wife but another story there. 
Approached the cart, ordered up a chili and mustard, and eagerly made my way back to enjoy it only to be caught. My punishment? She was hungry as hell too so I had to go halfsies. It didn't kill me, tasted good and within 15 minutes was back to get another for each of us. I don't know if it was the Everclear soaked cherries that disabled my taste buds or the lack of full capacity but really, really liked these. 
My only disappointment was I wanted another before leaving on Monday but the carts were nothing but a memory. But I still had a grease stain and that free entry pass to Hustler to remember it by.....I browsed lots of New Orleans reviews and had to add my review to this.  I was in New Orleans/French Quarter twice for New Year's Eve into 2000 and 2001!  Lucky Dogs are just a great thing in the French Quarter!  Just your basic hot dog but we loved them!  Not the most glamorous but when are hot dogs fancy?  Just try one!Genius idea! This has to be one of the greatest ideas in history! lol! New Orleans allows 24 hr intoxication and there's no better way to coat the stomach than with a HUGE Hotdog on a HUGE Bun to soak it all up! I ate here every night for 3 nights in a row to "Coat My Stomach." The Main Hotdog is the one with everything on it and its like $5.75! You'll get full off of it! I binge dranked for 3 str8 days and did NOT have 1 hangover!  Thanks Lucky Dog...you saved the night(s)! lol!Just like the Cafe Du Monde beignets, frozen daiquiris, and live music, Lucky Dog carts are a staple in New Orleans.
Highlights:
- Easy to find: look for the big cart in the shape of a hot dog 
- Quick late night eats: stop at one on your way back after partying on bourbon
- Pretty tasty: surprisingly good
- Chili is a topping available: always a plus
Lowlights (my flip side to highlights):
- Everyone knows hot dogs aren't the healthiest things to be eating, but hey, you're on vacation!
Along with my Camellia Grill omelet, Mango Mango pizza, Cafe Du Monde beignets, Lucky Dog's are a fave New Orleans late night snack.Yo -- its a hot dog sold from a street cart so don't expect too much.  It's not the best chili dog you are ever gonna eat, but if you are hungry, need a quick bite and like hot dogs from street carts...then this is probably gonna hit the spot.I would not touch one of those things unless the vendor looked like Ignatious.I should give this place six stars for the nice young asian girl that gave me a hot dog eating show, telling me that she was in training to be the next Kobayashi.
Sorry, New Orleans, your lucky dog didn't cut it.  It was $6 for a luke warm bland hot dog with all the fixins' including mustard, ketchup, relish, onions, and chili (I think it was chili).  At that price I'm looking for hot dog heaven, and it clearly was not.
Nevertheless, I had to give it a shot, in case it was the hot dog holy grail.  It was not, but it was worth a try.How do you give 5-stars to a hot dog cart vendor? Well the dog is just that dang good.  I can also say that based on two different Lucky Dog experiences in NOLA and neither occurred post late night NOLA drinking as I gather pairs nicely with a Lucky Dog. One location was on Bourbon Street and just had to grab a Lucky Dog at the airport before leaving. Silly as it may seem my experiences were really good.I'm giving Lucky Dog a five star because that's how it feels to eat one or two after drinking all night on Bourbon Street.  Amazing!!!  I know, I know -- it's just a hot dog cart, but seriously -- they are that f___n' good!  I've never found another hot dog -- at a stadium, a restaurant, anywhere -- that comes close to how good these damn things are.  I'm sure that the magic atmosphere of New Orleans has something to do with it but I don't care.  Lucky Dogs are simple, quick & delicious.It's a hotdog.....not a thing remotely different about it than any other over priced hotdog in any other city.Stopped at a cart on our way to the hotel after drinking on Bourbon St. It wasn't good and I assume it had sat so long that it turned sour made me upchuck. And I have a cast iron stomach. I won't ever risk it again.Someone wrote this was low quality food. No way. It's not haute cuisine, but just good ol' all American hot dogs. A sprinkling of diced onion, a squirt of ketchup and mustard (with chili, if you want) on a soft, warm, steamed bun. The perfect American comfort food. Nothing fancy, nothing spectacular- just good, simple hot dogs. (And big, too.)
As to safety- I had to wait today while the cart man got finished setting up, because he was aware the health inspectors keep a close eye on them. He had a thermometer in the hot dogs, making sure they were kept at the proper temperature. Nothing to worry about here.5.75 for hot dog not to mention drinks. Holy shit can you image a family of 4. Go to a restaurant it's cheaper and better food.Lucky Dog carts on every street on Bourbon Street!  Even if you happen to forget to try this NOLA staple, you can find them at the MSY airport.
They have a few varieties of hot dogs, any is good!  A delicious snack in between all the seafood or the perfect drink food after you partied too hard on Bourbon.The manager, Jerry is BRILLIANT.
Great guy with a whole lot of world knowledge. Very sweet and personable. This company as a whole adds to the priceless value this city has to offer. Lucky Dogs pride = NOLA pride. Even if you're not a huge hot dog fan (like me) I still admire this company for it's unique history and for what they do for this city.Every night around 4am, rolling out of a bar in the Quarter, there it is, like a beacon calling my name, the Lucky Dog Cart. In Chicago after drinking we go out for burritos. In the Quarter we hit the Lucky Dog cart. Hot tasty dogs with mustard and an abundance of onions hits the spot every time! So the person serving it looks like they served time - so what? They are standing in the Quarter dealing with a whole lot of cash - they need to be tough. 
The dogs are served hot, the bun is fresh and not stale, and it fuels  me so I can keep going till the hoses come out at dawnish to tell me it is time to go home.Pro Tip: cash only
Hot dog hit the spot just wished they had a couple more topping options."Lucky Dog" Hot Dog wagons are on almost every other corner during Mardi Gras season. They have deluxe style hotdogs that really hit the spot when you're bar hopping on Bourbon Street in the "French Quarter". These Hotdog Wagons are a New Orleans French Quarter Original Icon and if you find yourself in the "Quarter" make sure you treat yourself to one of the several varieties they offer. Fast Food that hits the spot!So I was recommended Lucky Dogs by a clown I met in my hometown of Corpus Christi who resides at the corner of Bourbon Street and  I ate my dog and we saved my sons hot dog..took a bus ride to our hotel, settled in and 30 minutes later his hot dog was still UNBELIEVABLE! I was impressed considering it was a foot long street dog. Not a snobby foodie choice but a great choice for the traveler who's walked so much that hunger is always persistent because of mere exhaustion. It really hits the spot for sure.Nothing wrong with these dogs! We saw the vendors all over the French Quarter so we made a pack to try them before left. While waiting for a carriage tour, it was the perfect opportunity! My friend ran across the street and purchased one with chili, ketchup and mustard. It was as good as any dog you'd get, just not super amazing. It hit the spot just fine though so dont be afraid to try it!I love Lucky Dogs!  What is not to love about a gigantic hotdog covered with all the fixings to soak up some of the alcohol.  Just do it.  You're welcome.This CASH ONLY hot dog cart is on practically every corner along Bourbon Street.  They are exactly like every other hot dog cart in every other city...nothing special but it's all about location / timing.  After a night of drinking/partying along Bourbon Street, this is a great, quick "bite to eat"...nothing more, nothing less.Learned long ago, Never eat a dog from a street vendor (NYC, Chicago, SF, or anywhere)...   Was at New Orleans Airport where they had a permanent set up with running water.   It was a really good dog; I ate 2.  Great Burps afterward...If you've visited the French Quarter, especially Bourbon Street, it's not hard to spot these guys on just about every block.
They serve up a good hot dog, plain and simple.  Tried them 3 times and they've been consistently good.
Some of the vendors serving up the dogs look more cleaner than others.  So if you see one on the slim shady, just walk another block or two like I did.I love lucky Dogs!  I couldn't help myself, I kept going back for more!  Simple dog stand yet delicious!  I will have a few whenever I go back to New Orleans.Drunk people food for sure .. this local favorite definitely hit the spot after a night of drinking and bead throwing.. 
Found this place on the corner of Bourbon & Bienville.. I spotted it from a distance and kept watching people enjoying this street food.. finally after lots of alcohol we stopped by for a lucky dog before our walk back to the hotel .. hotdog, chili, mustard, ketchup, onion on a soft bun.. $6
Fast & friendly service .. check this street food cart out .. you won't be disappointedLucky Dogs is a New Orleans institution, right up there with Cafe Du Monde and Johnnie's Po Boys in the street food category. Their signature hot dog carts have been the subject of paintings and their dogs, a pink long pork dog are bunned by great N'Awlins bread. What Sabrett's is to NYC, Lucky is to street eats in NOLA!I love Hot Dogs everywhere I go. I always look forward to a Lucky Dog when we are in New Orleans. Not quite NY "dirty water" dogs that I grew up with but a must try when in New Orleans.
There is one on almost every corner on Bourbon Street so you just have to pick the one that fits your plans best.Great Hot Dogs!! Find them on the corners of Bourbon St. and all over the French Quarter. New Orleans staple... Enjoy!!Great place to stop for the munchies. No complaints on my Chili Dog. Bun was fresh.  Weenies and chili were nice and warm. 
I never thought I'd eat one.... but I would eat another one.Nothing like a nitrate gut bomb to help soak up some booze.  Lucky dogs are the NOLA dirty water dog (hot dog cart.). The chili is good, and served with a smile.  No ketchup for me please.  I liked the smaller dog.  Which gave the gal making it some room to crack jokes.  Worth the dog.  We stopped more than once.I love Lucky Dogs!  Of course they are best after a few drinks but they are quality dogs!   I have been enjoying them for over 40 years!!  Highly recommended.We ordered the sausage dog to share. We put ketchup, mustard and onion on the dog. It was THE worst hog dog we've ever eaten. We both took 2 bites and had had enough. The hot dog was over cooked, making it extremely soft. There wasn't really a need to chew anything it was all so mushy. The man was very nice though.  However, we won't be going back for another hot dog.When it's late on Bourbon Street and you are drunkety drunk drunk drunk or heck, even if you're not, nothing quite hits the spot like a Lucky Dog. Hot dog + chili + onions is always a winning combo. Treat yo'self and opt for the larger 1/4 lb Lucky Dog over the regular dog. The stands are a fixture of Bourbon and located every couple blocks so you never have to look far to get your fix.I was a bit tipsy and starving, so I got a "Lucky Dog." I added chili and onions and it was 1/3 pound of hot dog. I couldn't eat it all and actually after I ate 2/3rds of it, I didn't want to eat all of it. It sure did taste good at the start though.If you like your sausage (tube steak) boiled in water of questionable origin (storm drain run off), and served up by a local character of note (homeless man), then Lucky Dog (run, run and don't look back) is your place (place of gastrointestinal distress)!  Granted, after ____ (insert number) of Hurricanes and Budweisers (Redneck Lite), your impaired judgement (munchies) will probably lead you to a Lucky Dog, whether you read this or not.Am I seriously admitting to eating one of these things in a public forum? Ugh, I guess so. Admitting to eating street meat is one of those things that is usually followed by some explanation. Something like "...but it was after a long night." or "...I was super hungry after saving those kids from that burning building!" There really is no other excuse for eating a Lucky Dog. 
With that being said, my only real excuse for eating one was that I had honestly never had one (and prided myself on that fact) and one evening curiosity got the best of me. Now, I'm not going to sit here and admit to you that I got any enjoyment out of this thing, but I will confess that it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be and the good news is that it didn't make me sick or kill me, so that's a plus.
Would I go out of my way to have another one? Probably not unless I was starving to death, but for what it is, it isn't horrible.I don't know...is it the all day drinking? Is it the excitement of being in New Orleans with no responsibilities or stresses of daily life? Not sure.....but I do know that every time in town, must have at least one Lucky Dog....sold from several hot dog shaped carts in the French Quarter. Really big, thick and juicy....mustard and onions are all it needs. If  you have ever read the book Confederacy of Dunces, you will have extra appreciation. Get your dog, try not to spill mustard on shirt, and eat in semi-shame standing on the sidewalk. My top 5 dogs of all time.This is just one of those things you have to partake in when you visit the French Quarter. They taste great when sober, but they are divine when you have several drinks under your belt. I get mine with chili, onions and mustard! Delish!"Lucky Dog" saved us twice. It's a perfect and inexpensive way to soak up all of the liquor that was consumed. Our first night on Bourbon St we hit hard and fast and came across this stand that had wonderful beef hot dogs with chili, onions and mustard... what we call in Detroit a "coney dog". It wasn't a little punk hot dog either it was a light weight meal. On Sunday after waling tours and more drinking we wanted another one and with great luck we found the same vendor as we did the first night. Now there were many vendors but we preferred "Santa" because he was cool, informative and the dogs were tasty.We didn't die which had been my worst fear. It was actually pretty good. Bun was fresh. The hot boiled weenie had a good flavor dressed with mustard, onions and relish. It was fun watching the guy make them out of his cart.These Lucky Dogs are a welcome sight around 4 in the morning!  
      Its an alright snack if your sober. nothing special about them except the Lucky is a large dog. The dog itself has no snap to it and it clearly isn't an all beef frank. Having said that, if its in the middle of the day, go hit up on many of the kickass restaurants there is to eat at in new Orleans. By no means am I dogging this street food. On the contrary, when everything else has practically closed and your still jotting from one bar to another during the after hours... these bad boys are a sight and smell to behold!  If your ganna get one, spend the extra dollar and make it the larger Lucky Dog to go, with everything on it!These little carts are all over New Orleans.  They're pretty much impossible to miss.  The dogs are a proprietary blend of spices and meats, the buns stand up to the dogs and toppings ... and the chat I had with my cart operator was a delight.  Perfect if you're looking for something light.Tasty, large hotdogs.
I ordered mine sans Chili, Onions & Mustard, that's just how I like it. Hot Dog and Ketchup. Bun is fresh and soft as was the dog.
This is a better choice over the sad, old Pizza being sold at the Daiquiri spots. Plus this is fast, convenient, fresh and better value for your doll hair.Had my first Lucky Dog at the stand on Decatur St across from Jackson Square. I am so very sad that we don't have these back in LA. Food was delicious and the service was not only with a smile but with jokes and recommendations about what to do in NOLA.Great drunk dog!  Yes, the sanitary factor is iffy.  Yes, they pile too many condiments on it.  Yes, there's chili mixed with ketchup, mustard and Lord knows what else but it is GOOD!  it's giant, all beef and hits the spot around 2am 
Our guy was super friendly and a bit crazy!Rex "Santa " saved us twice with the chilli dogs. The first night  he didn't put as much chilli as I wanted but the second night I told him how I liked it and he delivered with a smile and a twinkle in his eye. I had already called him Santa then Larry reminded me hey don't call him Santa ( I had been drinking) it could slip out. When I asked him his name he said it's Rex but they call me Santa! WTF!!! I knew it! Only he could fix delicious coney dogs on the corner on Bourbon Street . He had moved locations. Ok the hot dog was the 1/4 hot dog with chilli, onions and mustard... look it was dang delicious and it reminded me of home ( Detroit). It's a hot dog cart and I been drinking and I visited 2 days in a row! Yes, he used plastic gloves to prepare the precious dogs! I will visit again especially when I need to soak up those hand grenades!Lucky Dogs are a New Orleans tradition. A tradition many have consumed, usually after a long night drinking.
Lucky Dogs have a bad reputation. I think part of that has to do with the vendors, who often seem to not have a dedication to cleanliness. Even with those concerns, I have never once gotten sick from one of these hot dogs and won't be scared away in the future.
Now for the hot dog. This is a massive hot dog. I think they are 1/4 pound, but can't be expected to remember details like that. They are also expensive for  a hot dog. I think it cost nearly $7, but once again, details seem to fade after 3:00 a.m. I would say the hot dog is very good, especially with mustard and relish. My most recent dog only had mustard, but even without toppings, it was very good.
There used to be a cart in Harrah's and at the airport. Those still concerned with eating street food should try those locations.
If you want a unique food item for your wedding, I do know they will rent you a cart and vendor for your reception.
I highly recommend a lucky dog if you have a belly full of booze and need meat and bread to help you soldier on.