We have been here twice for brunch and have enjoyed it immensely. Everything we have tried has been delicious, particularly the grits with scallions and sour cream. But the room is always freezing so be sure to bring a sweater!First meal in New Orleans. I had the $15 lunch special, a seafood stew (with oyster meat, crab claws, shrimp, and redfish) that came with a surprisingly thoughtful salad. Yeah, it's weird: I'm not even a fan of seafood and, to be honest, I wasn't even really that hungry. Still, before I knew what I was doing I had wolfed down the entire thing. The spice, consistency, tenderness of the meat -- all was precisely just right. Well worth your while.Service is excellent. Atmosphere is great. The raw bar was fantastic. Those were the best Alaskan crab legs I've had. Well worth splurging for them. 
My friends were drawn in by the awesome looking burger they had, and indeed the burgers were all they hoped for. It came with a generous portion of crispy fries. But if you want anything else besides the $17 burgers, expect to spend over $30 for your entree. While the ambience feels and looks casual, it is fine dining.
Unfortunately, the waiter did sell the shrimp and grits with the additional crab as "heaven in his mouth", but that it was not. I've had better shrimp and grits in Atlanta, and there is no reasonable way you should be paying $30 for shrimp and GRITS. Without the crab, it was still over $20.
But everything else was great. Drinks were delicious. Everything came out pretty quickly. Oh, when we mentioned we were visiting from out of town, the waiter was nice enough to give us a complimentary appetizer of the cool pizza to start. It was great but the name is hard to say or remember. And the rabbit and chicken liver pate was super worth since it comes in a huge mason jar.
I recommend sticking to the drinks, appetizers, and burgers and you'll be a pretty happy camper.This was our second choice after finding out Rio Mar was closed for Mardi Gras week. We had a hell of a time getting here since it was on the other side of the parade from where we were staying.
   Nonetheless, we had a great meal. 
    Service was spot on. Professional but not overbearing or obvious. 
    A little disappointed that they were out of two ingredients for one of their signature cocktails, but it WAS the day before Mardi Gras.
   The bread and butter at the table was excellent. Crunchy outside, soft inside.
   The beets salad was so much better and different from similarly named items at other restaurants. The greens literally tasted like they had been picked from a sun warmed field minutes before.
    G's Choucroute was a meaty fiesta. He loved it. My crab ravioli was lovely with a delicate Meyer lemon sauce. 
    Bread pudding for dessert was just how we like it - sans raisins.
    Truly a memorable meal. Way better than most hotel restaurants.Great oyster happy hours that go on from 5-7pm! My boyfriend and I shared a dozen oysters and a glass of champagne. Our tab was $24 with tip. Great value! I hear they have the best to-go cups in town, and we totally missed out on that. The staff were very nice and attentive. We almost felt too casual but we felt at home! I'd definitely go back :)this place SUCKS. Terrible service and overpriced mediocre food. This is my second time with the same results. I gave them the benefit of the doubt -perhaps having an off night the first time I went, but it was the exact same the second time around. Nothing innovative. They churn tables out and could care less that you are spending upwards of $150 for two. Save this one for the tourists.This place is hip.  Perhaps too hip for many over 35 but if you can tolerate the boisterous and extremely casually attired youth--I haven't worn a suit in 20 years either but even 20 year olds should have something besides skinny jeans and T-shirts with borderline obscene slogans in their closets--the food is worth it and the staff copes well.   
I had a 6:00 reservation (obtained the day before) but the sky seemed threatening a downpour so I came early to avoid it and was seated 20 minutes or so before the appointed time.  I often don't even make reservations and have no trouble getting seated at popular places by being there when they open or, for those open all day, coming before the popular dinner hour, but that didn't work the day before at Lüke.  Even at 4:30 the place was packed so I did make one for the following day.
My meal started with the crispy Brussel Sprouts.  Even if you hate Brussels sprouts (I like them), don't be afraid to try this dish--if no one told you you might not know what you were eating.  They are in some sort of sweet/sour sauce/dressing and fried both slightly blackened and crispy as advertised . . . tossed with almond slices, small bits of jalapeño and sprinkled with shavings of cheese on top.
Then I had pork schnitzel and "pommes frites" (that's shoestring fries to the Galliphobes).  It came with whitish gravy in a pitcher, I suppose to make it "Southern".  The gravy was good but I skipped eating it, doing that the usual way with a squeeze of lemon.  It was excellent and the fries were fine too.
I finished with some excellent decaf and a glass of Kahlua--I had had iced tea with the meal so some alcohol was not an excess.
A lady who was some sort of hostess dropped by my table while I was eating to make sure everything was OK and when told I needed ketchup (for the fries), went and got me some (in a dainty little single-serve Heinz bottle).  My waiter also checked several times but didn't hover.
I am giving it 4 stars.  The 5th star is withheld because of the crowded dining room and noise level . . . nothing to do with the food which I greatly enjoyed.We arrived at Happy Hour, 50 cent oysters and half price drinks, so we had both, the ordered the beet salad (divine), mussels, and flammenkuchen (an appetizer I used for my entree),  All were excellent.  I first had flammenkuchen (or tarte flambe) in Strasbourg at a street fair, this was far and above that experience, with caramelized onions resting atop the cheese and hunks of bacon strewn around.  So good!Old school decor - dark woods and copper tile ceiling (real?)  I was there for the express lunch, a good deal.  You get a choice of soup with the entree of the day.  The gumbo and crab bisque were spot on. Gumbo - rich with the andouille sausage adding just a bit of heat. Crab bisque - flavored with old bay style seasoning but not overly salty and just a bit of shredded crab. The entree was a garganelli with roast pork ragu, mushrooms and creole tomatoes.  The sauce was light and blended the flavors well.  The roast pork highlighted the dish - fork tender, caramelized and left me wanting more.We stopped by a couple of weeks ago for Sunday brunch.  The food was very good and filling.  Nice drinks, and we had a very pleasant server.  Cool cafe space.  Overall a good recommend.Expensive but great service & food. The ribeye melted in my mouth. The burger was huge & delicious w/ every bite. The bread pudding is everything it's hyped up to be. Definitely go at least once & share some meals w/ friends.If you are looking to be impressed by French-German dishes in New Orleans, please go to Luke Restaurant, I know I was. 
The restaurant is located in the Central Business District, next to the Hilton and in the former Masonic Temple Building, so there is that historic vibe to the restaurant. The front room is a lot more grand than the back room (where we were seated), but that is offset by views of the open kitchen. 
Apparently they only want to seat people with reservations, so since we did not have one, we were refused seating until 9:15pm (it was 6:45pm) but with a little back and forth, we ended up waiting only 15 minutes before we were seated. However, as we walked through the restaurant to the back room, way too many tables were empty that it made no sense that they acted that way. A lot of tables still remained empty throughout the meal.
I decided to start out my meal with a cocktail. I originally wanted the Mint Julep but they were out so I had the Riverbend (vodka, lemon juice, basil syrup, blueberries & ginger ale) at the recommendation of the server. It was a relatively sweet cocktail, with the ginger ale being the most powering flavor, but you could still taste the alcohol.
My friend choose a regular starter and ordered a cup of the Crawfish Bisque. She ate all of it so I am assuming she liked it, but she did complain of a sour aftertaste.
My boyfriend skipped the appetizers and went straight for the entree. He always seems to find the most basic item on the menu and order it. He had the Luke Burger (bacon, caramelized onions, tomatoes, Swiss cheese) and was raving about it. One thing I can tell you, it was a very good size. 
My friend had the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "En Cocotte" with lump crab meat, roasted jalapeño cheese grits, andouille & green onion sausages. She loved it.
I have an obsession with mussels so I had the classic Moules et Frites. Although only having two simply ingredients (garlic & thyme) in the broth, the flavors stood out and the taste was a lot bolder than others I have had with a lot more ingredients. The house-made fries were scrumptious. These are the best kind.
Even with all that food, we still made room for dessert. We first had the Bread Pudding which was delicious but quite sweet. I am also not a fan of over sauced foods.
One wasn't enough so we also ordered the Bourbon Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee. It was superb and not too sweet which is a plus for me. The little cookies on top added nothing to the dessert and if anything could have been left off.
All that good food, I still have to give props to our server. He was amazing and engaging. The front desk soured the mood a little bit a first but he more than made up for it. I couldn't have asked for anyone better.Excellent food and bar. Slow service.
A friend and I stopped here during an evening of bar hopping in the CBD. We were seated promptly and given our menus, which are half-French, half-English. Not a big deal for anyone who can read French and/or has been living in Louisiana for a reasonable amount of time, but definitely something tourists should be wary of. I didn't have any alcohol because I was the designated driver, but I can say that their drink menu is extensive, and the bar was packed from the moment we arrived until the moment we left. 
This restaurant's biggest strength is it's food. I tasted their crab bisque, and had Poulet Grand-Mère as my entrée. Both were excellent. The latter arrived in a wide cast-iron bowl, which I'm sure has a more proper name, but was an interesting touch nonetheless.
The service was why I gave this restaurant 4/5 instead of 5/5. Most of the wait staff seemed to be interns from culinary school. The handful we dealt with were very friendly, but would do well to be a little more attentive. For example, the server who brought us our desserts ran off before we could ask for spoons to eat the dessert with. 
In summary, a good dining experience, but I think I would rather continue exploring new restaurants in the area before returning.Great place for happy hour. Oysters were deLISH! My friend and I had 2 dozen and we had some cocktails! The riverbend and champagne au poir we quite tasty. I had a side of fries and she had a side a grits. Best grits I've eaten. Definitely coming back. The server was great too. Just the right amount of attention!Wow is all I have to say. Must try the friend oysters!we ordered that and crawfish bisque and shrimp with grits. All the dishes were delicious. Make sure to make reservation.Food and atmosphere is nice. As one should expect in the CBD. Sometimes the back room can be stuffy on a busy day. I recommend the raw oysters and burgers. A few dollars on the high side for lunch.Thank you Chef John Besh!  My husband and I stayed at the Hilton hotel on St. Charles. One of my main goals was to find some delicious New Orleans grinds.  I was starving when we arrived and didn't want to do any research on Yelp for a place to eat.  Thank God Luke was connected to our hotel!!!  We ended up eating here 3 times over 5 days.  It's usually full of business suits, but that doesn't bother me when the food is so good.
All the traditional dishes were good, but the huge surprise was the burger.  I was against ordering a burger while I was in New Orleans, because I wanted to try as many local eats as possible... and you can find burgers anywhere.  I overheard this lady raving about how delicious her burger was, so I had to order it the next time we ate there.  She was absolutely right!  It was one of the best burgers I've ever had!  It was huge, juicy, and packed with flavor.  I also highly recommend getting their bread pudding a la mode.  It was mouth-watering good and straight out the oven!You can't go wrong with the brunch at Luke!  I always get the fried chicken and waffles.  It comes with cane syrup and gravy on the side.  Ummm!  On a weekday, it is good for lunch or dinner with friends or the hubby.  I recommend the Luke burger (even though I believe it is sacrilegious to order a burger at an establishment such as this, however this is THE exception!) The flamenkutche is really good, too.  It is like a German pizza.  I also enjoy the cochondelait poboy, shrimp & grits, and croque madame , which are excellent.  We are never disappointed and always enjoy the ambiance of the old style New Orleans  restaurant.$0.75 oysters were delicious and I'm not even usually an oyster eater. We sat at the bar and the service was wonderful. We ordered the shrimp and grits for the two of us and it came out already split. Drinks were strong and a great value at 50% off. I would recommend the French 75. Gumbo was pretty good too. Happy hour is 3-6!Amazing! Late night arrival in NOLA so got amazing service from Gary! Food was amazing. Highly recommend the seafood platter! Highest quality and freshness...Great happy hour. Perfectly shucked oysters. Seriously, not one grity sea booger and I've ate here countless times. I am huge liver pate enthusiast. Luke has the best I've ever had. I usually go for  oysters, pate, and a few drinks so I can't comment on the entrees. Service is wildly inconsistent. On one occasion it was truly terrible. The manager noticed without us complaining and comped several drinks and dessert.If you are willing to walk 3-4 blocks on the other side of canal... You will not be disappointed! Best place to eat so far!! Highly recommend!!  My husband and I enjoyed it so much that during a 5 day stay, we ate there twice!  Inexpensive dinner- total bill (for 2 people) minus alcohol $50.Went for Brunch after a day of Jazzfest and a night on the town with old friends. They brought a full french press of coffee just what I needed to start the meal. The server was not as attentive as I would have liked and I had to ask for water several times. But the hostess/manager was very friendly and chatted with us for a bit. The pace of the meal was perfect long enough to digest and enjoy between courses.  The setting is beautiful it feels very retro with the old fans, tin roofs, and dark wood. The boudin noir was delicious. Followed by crawfish bisque with stuffed crawfish which taste perfectly seafoody with a hint of spices very subtle layered flavors. The Gumbo was also very good. I had beef short rib were tender but the presentation was a bit weak. The other meals were more of visual masterpieces. The crabmeat omelet was delicious and the home made fries were perfect. The grits were very creamy.and the pan fried trout was fabulous. This a really great place to come to try out John Besh food on without the hefty price tag.If I were writing this based on my dinner experience, it'd be 4 stars, but we went back for brunch the next day.
Dinner:
GREAT happy hour, we had 3 dozen oysters. The place was clean, efficient, and really good. Shawn (female) was on the ball!
Pros:
Happy hour drink prices. Oysters were divine (I had the P&J)
Cons:
I ordered the express, which was rabbit sausage with mustard sauce and noodles...mediocre at best.
Breakfast:
Service was slow as Hell compared to the night. Everyone around us was getting agitated
Pros:
Eggs in a jar was so unique I actually took a photo of it.
Cons:
Menu was tiny, a mimosa special would help this place out.Every one raves about the oysters for Happy Hour, but check out the Daily Lunch specials.     You get a choice of app or soup and a fixed daily entrée.   Always a good bite at lunch time and you don't always need a reservation.My fiancé and I stopped by for a quick eat before a conference. We let out waiter know this, and he really delivered on the service. We split the shrimp and grits and pancakes for a late breakfast. Not only did our waiter bring the food out quickly, it was split into two separate dishes nicely. And it was the best shrimp and grits we've had! Overall a great experience.Fantastic service and delicious food. There were a few vegetarians at my table, and our server Ritchie Rich (fabulous server) was able to make great recommendations and accommodations. The service was personal and attentive. The food was tasty and priced reasonably for a nice sit down restaurant. Another bonus is being able to make restaurant reservations since so many places in NOLA don't take reservations.The food was excellent.  The service was ok.  The fried oyster salad was very good.  The seafood gumbo is silky smooth.  The atmosphere is a bit noisy, in the front dining room.  The bar looked very old and cool.The food was fantastic, the staff for happy hour and table service were above and beyond wonderful. We had the local yogurt and house granola plate, shrimp n grits (an egg accidentally jumped onto the floor and they were so kind to whip up another quickly), oysters all ways. 
However, and a big however is the take-out experience. We opted to run downstairs from the hotel, cause the menu was bigger than room service. We ordered two soups, two salads, a dessert.....we got two salads, one soup, no utensils. When I called back, the lady seemed a bit skeptical. Really! So we ran back down for the missing items and alas still no utensils, soooo we ran back down again. Bothersome, unapologetic, and ended our eating there.This place is a treat. I found this place on yelp during my trip to the beloved Nola. It was a last stop on Christmas Eve. It was very elegant and exquisite. The wine was good in quality and flavor. The food was very fresh and delectable. I tried the pate and it was a culinary experience. That ended up being my main meal since my sweetheart did not want any. I also tried the bread pudding which was amazing. The ice cream was made fresh. The drizzling and pecans  where the best part. I can't wait to go back and try more offerings.Decent, consistent food. If you're in the CBD, they make solid food for a quick lunch or happy hour.Wish I could've made it back in again. Great atmosphere, great bar with excellent happy hour prices and fifty cent oysters. A bit on the pricey side especially for just a lunch. I'd go back again when I return to this wonderful city.Wonderful wonderful food and service! We had an outstanding lunch amid bonus that it was directly across the street from our hotel.  1 star off for service on the next day - I called that morning to order a to go to take with me for my long flight home.  I specified pick up time. When I got there they said the person who took the order forgot about it.  It wasn't ready and I couldn't wait as I had to leave for the airport. Disappointed when I had to have airport food instead.This is only based on breakfast. The selection is limited. I was hoping they'd have beignets. In lieu of that, I got coffee, fruit, and bacon - sweet and salty. The coffee was great. The bacon and fruit were sad for $5 each. The bacon was scrawny. The few berries weren't sweet, and the melons were under ripe. As with the hotel itself, the staff were rather muted - not especially helpful or friendly.
If it's raining outside and you're getting ready to leave, stay here for breakfast. Otherwise, go out.Speaking as a current resident of the Florida gulf coast, and former resident of the central California coast, it pains me to admit it but the oysters at Luke are the best I've ever had. And I've had them picked same-day from the Monterey Bay. It surprised me to learn that the oysters are harvested from New Orleans, I had no idea that N.O. had access to such top notch shellfish. Anyways happy hour features deals on signature cocktails, 75 cent oysters and cheap apps, I went there twice during my week in N.O. and I should have gone more. 
Other than the amazing briny ice cold oysters, my wife and I also had a selection of various apps and cocktails all of which were in the good to excellent range. The one that really sticks out is the squash blossoms - do not miss this one even if trying new food scares you. They have a texture and flavor similar to a delicate bell pepper, and they are perfectly tempura battered and stuffed with tangy goat cheese with a little honey drizzle. It made me go home and plant a squash just so I can harvest the blossoms and recreate this dish. Luke hits a nice balance between casual and formal, from the atmosphere to the menu to the prices. Not to be missed.I had the Entrecôte Grillée et Frites (picture included) and my wife had the Boudin Stuffed Porkchop. Both meals were amazing. In addition, we walked in on a Friday at 5pm with no reservation and were seated immediately. 
The only negative comment is the that the wait staff seemed stretched a little thin. We got our drink orders and it was probably 10-15mins before they came back to see if we were ready to order. I even noticed the couple next to us also trying to get the wait staffs attention so they could pay their bill.
Overall, it was a great experience and we plan to come back in the near future.We tried it and the place looks pretty fancy we thought maybe out of our the budget but at the end it ended up nicely priced for seafood. Very tasty jumbo shrimps with grits. I would say that we were not lucky due to some noisy group around bit the service was good woth great food, definitely a nice place to gove a try for seafood from NOLAI love raw oysters and the Happy Hour oysters are a great deal at 50 cents each.  We were seated in the back room which was nice and had the best server.  The back room is much quieter and made for a great place to enjoy our food and chat with our friends.  Our table ordered 48 oysters to start and the order came out in decent time.  I really enjoyed the oyster feast.Completely UNDERWHELMED........ Love John Besh, but he wasn't fooling me--that was étouffée sauce on the shrimp and grits!  If I wanted étouffée, I would have order it. Food was okay, but VERY expensive.I'm so confused!!!  The pictures of the burger look so amazing how can you not want to just eat your phone BUT the BBQ oysters at Red Fish Grill I know are amazing BUT the BBQ shrimp cooked in spices and herb butter at Deanies are so highly regarded.  SO where would you eat if it was your last lunch of a great NO trip?  Hard to choose, right?  Wrong!!  We went to all three and were not disappointed in the least.  I suggest you do the same.  
Start at Lukes and split the $16 dollar burger kinda pricey but very tasty.  Then Walk over to Red Fish Grill and eat  two orders of their BBQ Oysters (you'll feel cheated if you get just one order) with an Ice cold beer. Now realistically that should be enough for lunch but its only fish, not too filling? 
Now onto Deanies to sit at the bar and eat these amazing shrimp, however, I'm not sure what was better the shrimp or the loaf of French bread to dip into the butter with and washed down with an ice cold Heferweisen on tap!!! My God was it satisfying. I haven't felt that satisfied since my "first time"!!! Screw the calories I'm in Nawleans! Now I think I know what a junkie must go thru when he needs his fix.  You can't just get these flavors anywhere you know. 
And if all of the above wasn't enough like too idiots we walked to Café du Mond for coffee and beignets. 
We took a cab back to the hotel because we obviously could not walk, had a quickie and took a nap so we could dine at GW FINS which was also a fantastic experience.  Try the Scallabutt (scallops fused with a hunk of Halibut).  Se bon!! and Happy eating!I was really excited to eat at a John Besh Restaurant, better yet it was right in our hotel, unfortunately our experiences (multiple) did not live up to the hype. We did have attentive and engaging wait staff but I just expected more. 
Our first try at Luke was for dinner on my birthday... My Etouffee was great, my date's steak was over cooked and possibly expedited wrong, as it took mere seconds for them to return with a medium rare steak. Unfortunately it came back out over salted but he opted not to send it back again (I don't blame him). 
I really wanted the bread pudding with pecan sauce just didn't have room, so ordered it via room service the next night and again was under whelmed again, it arrived only slightly warm with the ice cream completely melted (they were in separate containers). 
On our last day in town (Friday) we wanted to give it one more shot since it wasn't Mardi Gras and life seemed to be returning to normal... court-bouillon was okay, however the chicken on my salade de poulet grille, was almost raw, that's right, barely cooked chicken on my plate! It got corrected quickly and round 2 was good but REALLY... RAW chicken!Much love for this place! So why only 4 stars? Well, the chairs can be improved....that story at the end. 
Gabe and I went here at his suggestion for his "better late than never" birthday dinner. One of the few times I'm allowed to pick up the tab ;)
He opted for beer and I opted for wine. Both enjoyable. He got the special which was some kind of sweet and spicy fried chicken. I got the shrimp and grits. The portions were small for those used to large meals but for us, it was perfect. Left room for more beer later. 
Atmosphere was dark and cozy. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Wait staff was friendly and efficient. Made reservations, arrived early and seated immediately. 
So about those chairs.... They're super cute but as I leaned over to grabbed my card that leaped off the table, I went down sloooowly. It was funny actually. A manager ran up to see if I was ok. Between my giggles, I told her "yes". Glad it wasn't a first date lol. 
So was it the wine that caused my graceful descend or the unsteady chair? Let's just say, not 5 mins later, a man at another table fell too....hahaha! I'm blaming the chairs.Great food, very helpful staff, small menu.  The clam bisque was the best, I also enjoy the fried oyster salad.  These two sides were enough food for me.  Salad had a little to much thick bacon chunks for me.We had New Year's Eve dinner at Lüke. Two of our party of three ordered the 4-course set menu.  The waiter skipped the second course entirely, and then said it wasn't a course at all when we pointed this out.  We sought clarification and the waiter was indeed wrong and did not understand the set menu.  Another waiter stepped in, offered to serve the second course after the third, and to give us complimentary champagne, more wine, money off our check, and extra food.  
The solution was not ideal - the order of dishes was off, we did not really want the extras, and the "champagne" was horrid, but it was New Year's Eve and we wanted a pleasant evening, so said fine.  Most of the dishes were excellent. However, our final tab did not show the promised deduction.  
Overall, a bit of a disappointment.As soon as my boyfriend landed in New Orleans to meet me for our vacation we had one mission - find a restaurant with happy hour and buck-a-shuck oysters.  Luke happened to be close by (we stayed at Le Pavillon Hotel), had a happy hour, and had oysters, so we headed that way.  Found out when we got that that happy hour included $.50 oysters.  SCORE!
Luke is a great restaurant with cool decor.  The food was absolutely fantastic, the drinks were spot on and worth every penny (especially during happy hour), and the service was fantastic.  Highly recommended!$0.75 oysters everyday 3-6 pm! This is a great deal if you like P&J oysters. We also ordered the crawfish bisque which was creamy smooth. We shared the rib eye entree, seasoned well and came with decent fries. There was some lulls in the service.I am glad I was able to join friend for their reservations at Luke. The drinks were wonderful! First time having raw and fried oysters, I was told the raw oysters were less salty then regular which I appreciated. I had the crab bisque which was divine, tried my friends shrimp and grits, and the bread pudding, all were glorious and to top it off the serves was great.Just ok. This restaurant was attached to our hotel. 
Bread pudding was burnt on top and all of the yummy sauce dripped off before it was served.
The "bacon onion pizza" (I cant pronounce the actual name, but we felt "flamin cootchie" was a possibility)was supposed to be awesome, but I felt the torte was soggy. 
The beet salad was great. Shrimp étouffée  had a good sauce, but small portion. 
As mentioned in other reviews, expect to spend some time there because the waitstaff is very nice, but slow.
All in all, there are better places to eat in NOLA.The menu is extremely limited and overpriced. Some of the seating is weird. I would not highly recommend this restaurant.Ate here twice in one week. In NOLA, that's an endorsement.  Our waiter, Ritchie, was memorable.  "Christian Mingle"..... What a line!  I will try other Besh restaurants if I have to,,,,but Luke will be hard to beat.We hit this place late night for dinner when we got back late from a tour. It was right near our hotel so that helped. The raw bar selections were very good, local oysters, giant shrimp and king crab. Service was excellent as well. The burger my wife and son split was good, but nothing to write home about but I wouldn't have come here for just that. Decent bar scene as well.I had the soft shell crab BLT and it was absolutely amazing! O-M-G! I was there on a business lunch and everyone was really happy with their food. I also had the bread pudding-delish! The service was excellent too. I never wanted for anything. Contrary to someone else's review, John Besh is still involved with the restaurant because I inquired with the host. He said that the star chef would be in later that day.So I am going to come clean here up front.  I love this place.  I love the food, the casual atmosphere and the staff is professional and welcoming.  
They are adjacent to my hotel every time I come to NOLA so I am here at least once per visit.  
I wanted to step outside my comfort zone and try something else today for a late lunch but when I sat at the bar, ordered a glass of wine and was given the menu- I didnt see what I wanted ( I had seen it on the lunch menu).  I wanted oysters, as in welcome to NOLA - oysters.  They would not serve them at the bar so I drank my wine and left. 
Here I am back at LUKE for my third meal this week.  And I got those oysters. 
I also got a warm welcome, great beer and hello - happy hour!  Thank you John Besh for doing what you do.  #superstar #kingofnolaExpert bartenders here!
Went during happy hour. (3-6pm, every day)
50 cent oysters, half price cocktails, beer, wine.
Oysters come with horseradish, cocktail sauce, and this red wine sauce that is amazing. 
Best sauzerac in all of New Orleans.
I've had a better Mint Julep.
Like champagne?
Try the French 75.
Have an affinity for basil?
The Riverbend was delicious.Good, casual, homemade bistro fare at a very reasonable price.  Everything was made from scratch - the bacon, the mustard, etc.  The atmosphere was nice.  Just a really solid place.  If I lived in New Orleans, I'd be a regular!This place was ok, it definitely didn't blow my mind. Well, the brussel sprout appetizer did blow my mind because it was fantastic. The entree, though, did not blow my mind. I went simple and got the burger, it wasn't cooked quite the way I ordered it. Additionally, I had removed a tomato slice from my burger because it wasn't quite ripe and I'm not a lover of tomatoes all the time. A waiter walked over and informed me that I could have asked for the burger without the tomato...uh, duh? I have been to restaurants before. I just wasn't hugely impressed. Our waiter was great, though, and super helpful.John Besh. Brunch. You'd think you'd be in Creole heaven, but the experience was a bit dissatisfying. 
I ordered the Friday express, which included a soup or salad and an entree. I forget what it's called but it contained shrimp, oyster and a tiny crab claw. It was okay. Nothing stood out. 
After eating the Shrimp and Grits at Cafe Amelia, we were excited to see how others compared. At Luke, you get a sizable portion and it's good but not great. 
Overall, there were better samplings of brunch and creole food elsewhere.Let me start by saying the oysters are wonderful.  The rest of our meal, not so much.  Our second dish was the Pate of Louisiana Rabbit and Chicken Livers.  Flavor was nice but it was served icy cold, so the true  flavor could not come through.  The compotes served with the pate were wonderful, a great compliment.  Our entrees were the Steak and Frites and the Braised Lamb with Fresh Herbed Pasta.  The steak was perfectly cooked and well seasoned, the fries were limp and greasy.  The herbed pasta dish was interesting but there were only two tiny pieces of lamb, must have been less than 2 oz of meat in this dish.  Our total bill, with a $40 bottle of wine and two cocktails was over $170.  Poor value for inconsistent food.
Please note that our server, Chi, was knowledgeable, efficient and delightful.THE GOOD: great food for a decent price.  We got the $65 oyster platter which came with 12 huge and succulent oysters, about a dozen each of clams and mussels, 10-12 tails of jumbo shrimp, about half of a huge king crab, 2 small sauce cups of ceviche, and 3 different sauces including a malt vinegar, cocktail sauce, and a spicy mayonnaise dipping sauce, as well as multiple wedges of lemon.  The platter was huge and probably could have fed 3-4 people, though I was able to eat most of it with some help from the fiancee.  The oysters were fresh and delicious and were the star of the platter, while the crab was the not seasoned and somewhat bland compared to the rest of the platter.  Of note, I liked the shrimp as they were steamed with a spicy cajun seasoning which was a nice Louisiana touch.
We also ordered the fried oyster, bacon, romaine lettuce, and avocado salad which was decent.  The fried oysters on the salad were perfectly prepared, though the bacon was thick cut and a bit on the tough/chewy side (i prefer bacon in a salad to be crispy).
THE BAD: Service was horrible.  I think we got the worst server in the restaurant; here's the breakdown: His appearance--his long hair made me think he should have been in an 80's hair metal band instead of serving in a moderately upscale seafood restaurant.  His service--inattentive: 1. he never introduced himself before taking our order, 2. he didn't allow us to finish our order as after we ordered our oyster platter he took our menus and walked away and I had to get another waiter/server to order a salad that we wanted to come with our oyster platter, 3.  He forgot our bread, and we didn't realize we were supposed to get bread until halfway through our meal when we saw other tables getting bread, 4. We asked him for lemon with our water and he forgot after multiple queries, and we actually asked 3 different waiter/waitresses/servers for lemon and they all forgot, though our main waiter eventually remembered and brought the lemon to us in the middle of our meal.  The final straw in this terrible haystack was his apathy and rude demeanor at the end of our meal--after taking my credit card and charging for the meal, he walked by our table and threw the credit card/receipt pad so that it plopped on our table and said "here you go" and continued walking away like he didn't care.  Overall, it seemed like he did not really care for his job and was there just going through the motions.  I was surprised that a restaurant of Luke's stature hired a waiter like this, as with an appropriate waiter and appropriate service, this meal would have been phenomenal.  Unfortuntely, the service left us in a sour mood despite the quality of the food.  If the service would have matched the food, Luke would have deserved a 4 or 5 stars in my mind, but because of the poor service we received, I gave the restaurant 2/5 stars.Had some gumbo. It was very good. Nice atmosphere and excellent serves. Drinks were good too. Desserts were out of this worldGreat service. I don't think I even waited more than a minute or two each time to have my glass of water refilled. Oysters for happy hour were great. Our servers suggestion of the Crawfish Bisque was a good one.Picked Luke's for brunch on a Monday. Located in the business district you can come casual. Highly recommend the fried chicken with red beans and rice; it's like a spoonful of heaven in your mouth; smoky, bacon, maple, Tabasco, crunchy chicken skin all merge together to create an orgasmic effect. My wife's gumbo was a good authentic New Orleans gumbo, with a caramel like brown rue. The okra was a little stringy. We enjoyed a dozen oysters with our friends, they were awesome- fresh, clean, light smell of the sea, and shucked properly. All in all would go back to enjoy more!Wow! Great recommendation by the Green House Inn staff!  Happy hour was great - although there was wait to be seated (we eventually were sat in the back room that was completely empty until we were shown our table). Oysters, pate, fried oyster salad were impalpable - but food envy of neighboring tables burger, gumbo, and the special!
A must!!I travel quite a bit and let me say amazing customer service! The Happy Hour at Luke's was great, the oysters even better and the service was the best! Two employees in particular were happy to be there and treated all customers great their amazing attitude was contagious - it was great to meet you Jamaal and Roshawn!I thought I reviewed Luke last time I came back from Nola, but I see that I was remiss.  This is place is a solid win.  My fiance always gets the burger and it's huge, juicy self is complimented with perfectly cooked shoestring fries.  I loooove the crab and corn soup and wish I could have vats of it shipped to me during the cold NYC winters.  It's spicy, flavorful and full of fresh crab meat and plump kernels of corn straight off the ear.  The P&J oysters are a must, especially with that damn delicious crust.  I definitely scraped the remainders of it off the shells with my bread (that was warm and soft).  As for drinks, go with the Cypress in the summer--crazy refreshing and strong without tasting like straight liquor.  Great service and casual, upscale atmosphere.We stayed at the intercontinental during our visit and this place was a no brainer in terms of the proximity to our hotel and the reviews. We dragged our hungover asses out of bed and walked in here with hopes of eating some delicious food and a well needed dose of caffeine. We each got started with coffee, which was absolutely fantastic. I ordered the southern breakfast and requested toast instead of sausage, while my friends ordered the soft shell crab and crab omelet. I loved the food I ordered.. except everything lacked a little seasoning. Also, the bacon was completely dry. I love bacon in any shape or form, so I didn't seem to mind the lack of grease. The jalapeno grits were spectacular and so was the biscuit. My friends seemed to really enjoy their breakfast as well. The fries again, lacked seasoning which seemed odd. How does one forget to add salt to fries? We were too hungover to notice or care.. Overall, its a pretty good place if you're looking for decent French food.What a perfect way and meal to end our trip. 
One of several restaurants owned by Chef John Besh In New Orleans.  From appetizer to entrees all the way to the end, dessert. 
For our appetizer we split the Crab Meat Maison, served with fresh herbs, touch of horseradish and country bread croutons. 
My choice of entree was the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp over Roasted Jalapeño Cheese Grits and Andouille/green onion sausage.  I have never been a fan of grits before.  They have always been kind of bland, this one knocked my socks off. 
The wife went with the Fresh Gulf Fish done Amandine Style.  It was lightly battered with buttermilk and flour, then fried and topped with Almonds in a brown butter sauce.  Served with new potatoes, green beans and roasted vegetables. 
Please, try to save room for dessert.  Somehow we did. With two Cappuccinos we ordered Brendan's Bread Pudding. This is to die for! It is topped with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream and is accompanied by a buttered pecan sauce.  Also ordered the Chocolate Bourbon Pecan Tart, made with bittersweet chocolate and topped with Coconut Sorbet. 
Put this place on your bucket list of restaurants in NOLA. You won't be disappointed.Pretty good food, on the French bistro side of things. Went for dinner, packed on a Monday night. We were seated all the way in the back with a view of the kitchen
The choucroute plate was great, with a huge but tender smoked pork shank, boudin, squares of crispy/melty pork belly, and house made sauerkraut all nestled in a cast iron serving pan. GF had the special, fried pork loin with grits and greens that was tasty but pretty ordinary. Took a WHILE for entrees to arrive, but we left stuffed.Great little place for HH! Oysters are HUGE! Service was great and the drinks delicious.First stop on the trip and it was absolutely delicious! This would be my recommended spot for shrimp and grits every time! I can't say enough about their delicious food, friendly staff, and speedy service.Our food was delicious!! The brussel sprouts appetizer was to die for. We also shared the crawfish bisque and the shrimp and grits, which were both delicious as well. I would recommend both!! We made a reservation, which I would recommend doing as well. The service was very friendly, polite, and helpful. I only wish we had more money to spend on food!I spent a great birthday happy hour here with the usual suspects last week. Our server was attentive, fast, and funny (albeit non-intentionally). The martinis were fantastic and the oysters were fresh, fresh, fresh! But...take it to the bridge!
Pros:
Service - wonderful
Bar options - excellent
No waiting!
Oysters on the 1/2 shell? Tasty, tasty, with no BP aftertaste.
Cons:
The shucker removed perhaps 4 out of 12 of the oysters from their shell. Not the seamless experience I wanted, and it stopped me from ordering an additional dozen. I was also surprised there wasn't a different type of dipping sauce, like a mignonette offered. I'm happy to make my own cocktail sauce, but I was surprised...
The gumbo? For me, it was odd - all roux, with not much seafood, chicken or sausage. And, rice seemed like a practice batch of risotto was used - it was gummy and crunchy.
I'm ready to go back and get more oysters, but maybe with a different shucker working....By far New Orleans at it's finest. We went around lunchtime and surprisingly it was not too crowded. It was our second time to try Luke and I have to say we loved it. We love how the kitchen is open so we could see the them preparing our meal. When we sat down, our waiter greeted us instantly. My girlfriend was looking forward to the mussels, but unfortunately they didn't have any prepared for the lunchtime menu. THEY ARE A MUST TRY! Some of the best mussels in the city. Instead, my girlfriend ordered the beet salad and the fish entree and I ordered the chicken and red beans and rice. Not saying that was settling (poor us right). :) I can say as second time customers we definitely were equally as impressed as the first. It has become one of our favorite spots in the city.Solid, but nothing ground breaking or innovative. People dress business casual, or so it seemed when we went. No need to stress too hard about it though. There was a wait, even though we had reserved and there was lot of space in the back. Very good Liver Pâté with the assorted cheeses and such. Dessert was lackluster. Overall, more in the positive than the negativeThe best place for oysters. Go during the daily happy hour between 3 to 6pm. The oyster is 75 cents with a size of an egg and the drinks are 50% off.Went there this morning for brunch. The waiter was not friendly at all. Had to keep asking for coffee refills...and creamer...and sugar. We were a party of 6 & all 6 of us were drinking coffee. How do you not bring more creamer & sugar? He seemed annoyed that i asked him to repeat the special. He never smiled or even looked at us. The portions were large. Overpriced. I had the burger. It was nothing great. Bisque was good. My son had the crabmeat omlette which he didn't like. My other son had the croquet madam which he liked. We will most likely not go back.I had reservations for two at 6:30 and I was seated right away within two minutes. The atmosphere of this place was nice but that's where most the good stops. 
I honestly don't understand how this restaurant got such high reviews. Either people had low expectations or they entered here drunk from an adventure at bourbon st or Frenchmen.
I ordered a river bend and it was made absolutely horrible. It tasted like medicine or as if the vodka was randomly thrown in grape juice and ass. 
I ordered a charcuterie board, little neck clams, oysters, Brussel sprouts, and the shrimp grits. The charcuterie board and Brussel sprouts were amAzing. The Brussel sprouts had a seared and sweet vinaigrette flavor. Even though I really prefer the charcuterie sampler at cochon butcher over the charcuterie here it was still good. It came with a rabbit pate which was wonderful.
As we waited for our clams to come out, the server came to notify us that they were out of clams (thirty minutes later btw). So we ordered a half dozen oysters instead. Those came out within five minutes. However instead of getting a half dozen oysters, we ended up receiving only five oysters on our plate. WTF?!?! We notified our server and he ended up bringing us two additional oysters which was nice, but seriously?! How does a restaurant like this hire people that don't know the basics of counting? That right there made me question the quality of the restaurant and how overhyped this was due to john besh. The oysters were shucked wonderfully but that's really all I can give them credit for.
Anyways, we finished all of our appetizers and waited an incredibly long time for the shrimp and grits. After waiting too long, we canceled our order with another waitress and our server finally came out to tell us that our order was ready but he wanted to wait for us to finish our appetizers to bring out the plate. I don't know of any restaurant that would make you wait an hour for your entree but sure... When the shrimp and grits came out I was honestly disappointed. 
I'm sorry to say but this restaurant may be nice but it absolutely does not deserve to be a four star restaurant. If you want good prices, good taste, and service I would go to royal house instead. Otherwise Ya no..... I would never go back here again nor recommend this place to someone else... I am so sad that this place was such a disappointment. Thanks John besh. Left the place hungry. :(Good food and great service.  Enjoyable dining experience.Good but maybe a little over hyped. I got the Brussel sprouts and the shrimp and grits. The sauce on the sprouts is overwhelming. It was like eating spoonfuls of bbq sauce. Too sweet and too spicy. And the shrimp and grits was better, but also saucy. A little goes a long way.Good golly Miss Molly this was some good eats!  Luke always pleases. Service is personalized and sets a bar well above the standard. The fresh seafood bar is da bomb!!  The meal was well prepared and a true delight, served with flourish and fan fare. "The Ladies' Man" awards you five stars!