Another stop at a hidden gem! Want a true taste of NOLA? Come try the Red Beans and Rice! There's not any better out there. They've mastered this! The recipe is a family secret! Chicken so good your tongue will slap your brain! Weekends are the busiest! So if you want some special attention drop by on a weekday.Came in to take out some food real quick after we found the place on the way home via yelp. Well I'm super glad we stopped in because the people are some of the nicest people you'll meet in Nola. The food is DELICIOUS, but the people made our experience what it was. Complimentary corn bread while we wait, free beignets if you check in on Facebook, great attentive staff, just overall a perfect New Orleans restaurant experience!!Way over priced!!! 3 wings and a waffle for 13 bucks! Went there on a Friday morning and was empty.I'm a local that moved away to Dallas/Fort Worth about three years ago but when I come back home I make sure to visit certain spots for that taste of home.  This place is one of my favorites.  I love the food!!!! I'm in town for a few days and I will be in to kick off my trip with those delicious chicken and waffles....
Nola people... Come and try it... Support local businesses.. Especially a local restaurant in da East.Came here with my mom and nieces and was blown away! Amazing service AND food! Bonus points for the accents and shrimp and grits !!12 minutes from N.O. downtown and worth the drive for the food. Next time we need to get the chicken and waffles + corn bread. Try to get early because it was packed by 1130 and we just made it in time. Friendly and attentive service and awesome comfort food.The food was amazing. And as soon as you walk through the door your treated like family. If your looking for a intimate setting and great food I highly recommend coming here. And have the Katrina guaranteed to not disappoint ! And Rene the owner made you feel at home and Blain puts his foot in the foodThis was THE BEAT CORNBREAD I've EVER had! The cook is so nice & friendly! The food was delicious. I HIGHLY recommend trying this place out!On my way from Texas to Florida we stopped overnight in New Orleans and decided against a tourist breakfast on the way out. We wanted a local spot and found this little gem on Yelp. 
As soon as we walked in the door we knew we were in for a treat. It smelled like my momma's kitchen before she went all organic and fancy. The lady who was serving was so nice and friendly. She made everyone feel like we had been invited into her home. People we're talking, laughing and singing along to the music.
Now, on to the food. It was great. Don't come if you are looking for fast food. Every dish is cooked to order and there is only one cook. Sit back, relax and be patient. It is worth the wait. Have a big glass of the sweet tea that is made from the tea bags boiling in the stove. Yes! Tea like my momma used to make. I had the fish and grits which came with corn bread. My friend had the shrimp and grits. Both were sooo good! This is my new favorite breakfast spot coming through New Orleans.Now this here is real Southern home style cooking! I  wish we had this in California. Everything is made to order! No preheated food! Fresh as can be! I absolutely loved the grits and scrambled eggs just as I like them, well cooked! Bacon is so crispy and the corn bread was delicious! I almost fell asleep after eating this real Southern comfort food! Let be Ma Mommas house! Worth the wait!I wish I could write a review on how the food tasted but unfortunately when the lady (don't know her name but she was obviously pregnant) approach us, she directed us to sit at the bar. There were two tables that was empty and unclean and we let her know that we would like to sit at the table once it's clean. Fast forward, after 15 mins we were not seated and was the tables were still not cleaned. Because she is pregnant, we were very patient and understanding but she looked at us several times with no attempt to move behind the grill/bar or ask the other staff to assist in cleaning off the tables. We were looking forward to eating here. The commercial made it seem like this place was inviting but I got the total opposite. I am beyond disappointed! 
After waiting for so long, we just left and probably will not come back or recommend this place! Smh!The service and food is always good !! As soon as you walk through the door you are acknowledged. I ordered chicken and waffles and it took all but maybe 5 minutes and they both were piping hot!!Food was amazing! Definitely get the chicken and cornbread!!! Went with my family as soon as it opened and there were already a few other people waiting to get in. Theres only one server so it takes a while to get your order taken and get your food but well worth the wait. Highly recommend!Food was great and staff was very friendly and understanding it is a mom and pops restaurant so the food is home cooked and not frozen and microwaved like big restaurants. They give military discount also and the owner comes around and speaks with you to see how your doing. I recommend this place and will be backWe came for breakfast and got seated right away.  Our server is one of the owner there and she is so friendly and funny.  Atmosphere is relax and welcoming here.  We ordered chicken strip/waffle, pork chop/grits/egg, and fried chicken/grits.  They gave us complementary corn breads which was so fresh and tasty.  Their foods overall was so yummy that we finished everything on our plates.  Price is reasonable and there are plenty of parking in their plaza.Everything was fire. Even the water. Real homemade chicken from a real momma. Chicken wasn't greasy but still juicy. Waffle was simple and dope. The cornbread waffle was otherworldly type food.This place is amazing! Their breading of chicken and shrimp is very light and tasty! The cornbread is light, spongy, and like a mini Belgium waffle. 
We ate a lot of different things and everything was light and we didn't leave with a heavy and bloated feeling. Our server and cook were very good spirited and made our party of 5 very comfortable and entertaining! Great experience, great people, and great food! Awesome!The corn bread is amazing! The chicken wings and waffle are crunchy, savory and done to order. Definitely worth waiting a for! Excellent service.For those of you who won't read this long post, here are the highlights: CORNBREAD, CORNBREAD, CORNBREAD! The sides are vegetarian! The chicken is great, and I recommend the red beans and rice! Lastly, Ms. Renee is amazing, so tip her well!
I hope you aren't too hungry when you get here, because most likely there will be a wait! I've only been here twice, and had to wait a short 20 mins before being seated the first time. But honey, the second time I had to wait at least 45 minutes! It really depends on if you get there at a good time of the day. My first visit was on a Saturday around 1. There was a large party there, but Ms. Renee cleared the countertop as soon as guests left. She gave us complimentary cornbread to share (it was a party of two) and it was so hot, buttery, savory, and just altogether heavenly! The cornbread is worth the wait! I'm tell you, order an extra one for the road! 
The first time I came, I ordered the red beans and rice meal. It comes with a spring salad and dressing of your choice. The salad was fresh and a little tangy! The chicken was hot and had a nice kick! This was the best chicken that I've had in New Orleans East! The wings are a nice size and well seasoned. The red beans and rice is vegetarian, and my one complaint is that there wasn't much red beans in my serving. But it was still really good. FYI, this order comes with mouthwatering cornbread.  
The second time I ordered the chicken and waffles. The waffles aren't much too talk about, but the chicken didn't miss! Hot and yummy! 
I must mention that Ms. Renee is a pure joy! She's so nice and accommodating! She moves quickly and doesn't mess up! She talks to you and is really an asset to the establishment! 
I do wish they had more people on staff. The wait was kind of long the second time, but it was a Sunday, and the day before lundi gras. I don't know if that had anything to do with it, but I thought I'd mention it.Great hole in the wall soul food spot. The chicken and waffles are amazing. Some of the best chicken I have ever had. Get out of the french quarter and find this gemfood was crazy good. i'm from california and this weekend has been my first time in the south and Momma's did NOT disappoint. one thing i would say is not to come here if you're in a hurry, there's one server and it's very personalized service rather than getting everything out very quickly. would definitely come back on my next trip to nolaI made a huge mistake going there for the first time on Sunday. (The last day of Essence Fest). First of all, I was yelping to see where I wanted breakfast. I came across this restaurant. The time said they open at 9, but when we got there, we noticed in the window that the time is actually 10 that they open (their info needs to be updated) so we decided to just go get coffee and come back. Well, when we get back there is a white 37 passenger van full of Big Guys waiting in the parking lot,so we parked right next to them. Then there was a group of ladies who came up. A line started to form. We got out and waited for them to open. The owner pulled up and was very friendly and lively. The restaurant is quite small, but we did manage to get a seat in the back. We literally waited 2 hours before we got our meal. I do understand that it was short staffed for the first hour and more help came a bit later. Because there were people from out of town it was a bit noisy and people were just having a good time, we just stayed to give the food a try. I must say that it was worth the wait considering the circumstances. I had the shrimp and grits which was delicious! I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu! I did learn a valuable lesson. As a local, I will never eat out during Big New Orleans events, I'll leave that to the tourists. The food was really good and the chef worked good under pressureI've been eating chicken my entire life. But it was up until now, after having tried it at Ma Mamma's, that I truly believed someone finally got it right. Our experience was one to remember. We felt like family the moment we walked in with the staff's warm welcome. The cornbread was unique and immaculate. I had to get another order in before we left. If I ever do make it out to NOLA, I will absolutely have to make a stop at Ma Mamma's again. Tl;dr Chicken and Waffles plate was sensational, cornbread was decadent, and the experience was phenomenal.
-Austin, TxThe best service and cornbread I've ever had! The people really care for you and want you to enjoy yourself. This will be my go-to-spot whenever I go to New Orleans now. The chicken is sooo good... everything I've had so far was great!World's slowest server. It does not take 20 minutes to make a pot of coffee. People that the staff knew got their food before we did, even though it was takeout. Waffles are pretty generic. I can't speak for the chicken.Found this place via Yelp and am very happy we stopped here. Great cornbread for an app and excellent grilled shrimp salad. Try the homemade ranch! We didn't try it but the breakfast items looked really good. Very fast service.I love this place, I only go for breakfast and am never disappointed. I would give 5 stars and go way more often but I think they are over priced. $12 for 3 wings and a waffle-yep, a bit much in my book but worth the treat when I want to spend that much.This sweet little place was very nice, but they just couldn't get it together. I ordered my eggs over medium and got what looked like a flat boiled egg, it was all cold and the hash browns had some kinda secret ingredient,  (I wasn't impressed), oh, did I mention I was over charged, always check that receipt! But Miss Renee fixed it all, so I may give it another shot.Visiting from California. Amazing customer service! Food was delicious and truly local. Next time I'm in New Orleans I will return to this location.Great food, pricey, pricey place for food portion size !!!! Pricing too high also for location... Crowder blvd...  Their cornbread is to die for and the chicken..... I have yet to try the other menu items because I cant afford it lol and I am in hospitality. Overall: Best Food in my book !I live in the neighborhood and decision to stop in and support a truly local restaurant and I'm glad I did! This place, It's like eating in your mom's kitchen! The food is prepared in front of you and it's hot and delicious! I love this place!!! The cornbread waffles are my favorite....who would have thought cornbread and waffles would ever meet and form these beautiful babies. This little waffle is served hot while you wait for your order. Let me tell you, you will want to order more! The chicken is a favor bomb in your mouth! It is seasoned to perfection! Give them a try!!!OMG... the food was beyond delicious and the waitress was super friendly! The special of the day was an awesome deal a fried porkchop with two sides for $7, unfortunately we don't eat pork. But what we did eat was the bomb!An oasis in the middle of the desert that is New Orleans East. 
As most residents in the area know, good quality food is hard to come by in N.O. East. ESPECIALLY AFTER Hurricane Katrina. But little by little, hidden gems seem to appear in the area and this particular establishment is no exception. 
An initial glance at this venue from the outside may give off the appearance of being "just another food venue in a strip mall" but once you enter, you're greeted by the kind waitress while the cook (who is by the way visible to all guests) is going to work. The end result is a Grade A entree. The food is made with LOVE and HEART so the quality is always at an all time high. I can definitely say that no matter what dish you get, you're going to DEFINITELY enjoy it. 
P.S.
THIS IS THE PLACE TO GET YOUR YAKAMEIN! YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST!Instantly walking in the staff was southern hospitality at its best! It was as if walking into grandma's house. 
The cornbread!!!!! Is a must have. 
I partook in the chicken and waffles. I can see why it's a staple dish. Absolutely delicious!  Worth the trip.My family and I were recently in New Orleans and have came across this gem. The food here is so delicious. Taste like home cooking. The chicken and waffles are like none I have ever had before. But really the best item here is the corn bread. I have never had corn bread like this. Not only is the food amazing but the staff is so kind and sweet. We came in with a party of 13. And they were so patient with us and made our visit so nice. This restaurant was so good we had to go back one last time before we left New Orleans. We can not wait to come back to enjoy another Nawlins home cooking.If you are looking for downhome cooking and hospitality when in New Orleans you must stop here. The owner and waiter were friendly and we were greeted and made to feel welcome as soon as we entered. On the house corn bread was phenomenal! We ordered fried chicken wings, eggs and waffles and everything was cooked fresh to order and was seasoned perfectly and tasted delicious. We could tell the chicken was cooked in clean grease here unlike Willie Mae's Scotch house which made the chicken crispy and the color chicken is supposed to be. Thanks for a wonderful home away from home experience. We will be back the next time we are in town. Highly recommended.Ummm I never knew food could taste this good?
My MOMMA's cooking tastes like Mc Donald's compared to any of this!
Omg!  sooo goodWas very yummy and service was great.  Grits, eggs, and cornbread were excellent.  Chicken and waffles were pretty good too.  I'd definitely recommend visiting this gem.  They also offer turkey bacon for those who don't eat pork.This place makes the best red beans and rice. I always get their fried chicken because it's amazing, and so is their cornbread! I've tried a lot of other dishes too, which are all just as good. It's so much better than any of the NOLA restaurants that've been suggested to me, such as Mother's, which is bland as hell compared to Ma Momma's House. I have to come here every single time I visit the city. I drag someone new with me each time & they end up loving it just as much as I do.The food was great, but the staff was even better! They've gotten fried chicken down to a science, and each piece is cooked the exact same and seasoned perfectly. It was juicy, flavorful, and filling. The cornbread waffles are unique and delicious! Everything on the menu sounded delicious, but since I was craving fried chicken, that's the only thing I tried. 
The staff was extremely friendly. We sat at the counter and watched them make our food which was really cool. The workers seem like a genuine group of guys that love what they do as well as working with each other. Additionally, parking was a breeze which can't be said for an abundance of the restaurants in New Orleans. 
It was pretty toasty inside, but I'm always hot, so others may not have an issue.Great tasting chicken. It was seasoned perfectly and waffles were good too. I had a regular waffle but they offer different flavorsOrdered through UberEATS received an old brittle waffle that was just warmed. Drove to the location to bring it back stood there for 15 minutes at the counter before I was helped. When I was helped it seems as though my food problem was taken as a joke. Their customer service sucks and they are understaffed. This is not my first issue with Ma Momma's house but I believe in second chances but after today this may be my last time here.We waited for over two hours for chicken, waffles and cornbread. Everyone raves about this place but I wasn't impressed. The chicken was fried waaayyy too hard and it had a burnt grease taste. Because of this, I couldn't tell really taste the seasoning. I'm open to giving this place another try...maybe it tastes better earlier in the day ( fresh grease maybe?) ha!Excellent food, excellent service. I recommend the grilled tilapia with herb rice!!! And the cornbread is amazing!Awesome experience. I suggest sitting at the bar and interacting with the chef. Great experience!Best fried chicken! Must try the combo with grits and gravy!will definitely visit again! We were able to satisfy all our cravings for comfort food here!!So delicious! Had the chicken and waffles-no bone. The free sample of cornbread is amazing, we ordered a second serving as a result. A DEFINITE MUST TRY!I came with my cousins and sat at the counter. The food was very good! I ordered the shrimp and grits and wasn't disappointed. The cornbread waffle was delicious as well! Next time I'm in New Orleans I'll gladly stop by!ComplimentaryCornbread, chicken & waffles were great! Enjoyed talking to the staff & other customers.Fantastic food and friendly service. It's not a tourist trap, thankfully. This is the place to go for authentic Louisiana cuisine.
I gave it 4 stars because they gave me a fruit punch that tasted like flavored syrup in water. Just not good. Next time I'll go with sweet tea.Don't be fooled by the outside of this place. It's another one of those "holes in the wall " that has such amazing food you become a regular customer and forget how the place looks. It's very small inside but the service was top notch! The waitress was super with her Nola accent and deep southern hospitality as she called us "bay-bay" while being very attentive to us during our meal. The food... simple amazing is all I will say. If you like southern style home cooked  breakfast food , this is one of those places.Let me begin by saying this place is simply amazing. The food is incredible; furthermore the owner and staff are wonderful. The location is ideal for any family brunch and the restaurant offers Uber eats for those that prefer delivery. The best food I've experienced in New Orleans east!I have never felt more at home in my life. The food is so homey and the staff treat you like family members. Great job mammaThis is the place to come and get your chicken and waffles fix! Staff was beyond amazing and nice. Made sure we had everything we needed. The cornbread is so good! I could just order that and coffee and I'm good to go! I will be here quite a bit!When I walked in I was greeted immediately, and sat . Food was great , space clean , everything was fabulous. I will be coming back whenever I'm in New Orleans happy customerOmg this place is soooooo good. Order the chicken and waffles. Or if you feel like trying something new try the shrimp omlet. Delicious! Waiters are friendly and food was hot whem served. Did I mention they have a bomb ass sweat tea?!?Service was very friendly and loved the owner. We got complementary corn bread, which was super delicious and more people need to make corn bread this way! It was a little sweet, dense, and it had a nice crispy crust probably because they cooked it in a waffle iron. We also had a taste of the owners okra gumbo, which she's working on, it was great and I will definitely check if it gets put on the menu later on. The chicken and waffles were amazing, just want you would want from southern chicken and waffles. An amazingly delicious Belgium waffle with nice hot and crispy fried chicken wings. The crowler bites were also great, too bad we were too full to finish them off. They were missing somethings from the menu, but they did explain to us multiple times that it was due to them waiting for a new fridge so we appreciate that and understood. Overall if I lived in Nola, I'd loved to eat here again.my god... ill just start at the beginning with the cornbread. i do not eat cornbread, at all. i always choke and scramble for water, but this cornbread is outta control good. well then the chicken wings and waffle were served = my god. the chicken was easily the best chicken I've had and I've been to Willie Mae's, Mr. Eds, and Popeyes. ill say it, the best fried chicken I've had. the red beans and rice beat popeyes too. yeah ill say it again... the red beans and rice beat popeyes tooWell, I guess I'll begin at the point I walked in. My presence was not acknowledged until other people, who happened to be joining us walked in, which was 10 minutes after the fact. Then I guess I must have smelled bad or she thought white was contagious because a customer seated at the bar couldn't get far enough away from me. This speaks more to the demographic of the restaurant than to the restaurant itself. 
Let's move onto after our party of 6 sat down.  The waitress was super nice but cannot handle pressure at all. It's a very small establishment and one of us did not get his soft drink, the meal was almost complete before we got silverware. I had to stand up and ask for it but was told I needed to wait for my server. 
The food came out at what I assume was as it was complete, which is common here at these types of establishments. It was no big deal until most of our party was finished before I got my three chicken wings. We all ordered the same thing. I finally got my chicken and noticed after I had already eaten the first piece that it was still pink and so was my mother's. 
By this time, I'm irritated and disgusted but still playing "nice" because it wasn't the waitresses fault the food was subpar. We get the bill and it's nearly $100 and we didn't order drinks. For that price, we got uncooked chicken, bad herbed rice and warm, wilted salad with no silverware to eat it with. I recommend the water. That tasted good. 
Well, we negotiated the bill down a tad bit and got the heck out of there. Unfortunately, one member of our party is currently in the bathroom because his body has rejected the food he ate and he's praying to the porcelain god! 
I'm guessing I won't be back. We should've gone to Popeye's!!Food was great. I had the fried chicken, red beans and rice with cornbread and potato salad. It was Amazing. Service was spectacular. First time at this establishment and I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.I ordered red beans and rice, pork chop, mac and cheese, and potato salad. The food was delicious. Everything was seasoned well. They give you plenty of food. I ate half for lunch and the rest for dinner. 
The only thing I didn't like is that they charge you to take food to go. I often order food to go because I am either on my way to work or leaving work and just read to go home and relax. So it's a little hardening that they charge you. In addition, if you forget to add something to you order or just decide you want to order more they charge the to go fee again instead of just adding the food to your original order. In my case, all I wanted was extra cornbread and ended up paying even more.
This is located in East New Orleans so depending on where you are this could be a drive.The food was really great. It is kind of tough to find, but the cornbread is worth the trip. 
The chicken wings are breaded and fried and there is a lot of flavor. The cornbread is cooked like a waffle and covered in butter. Perfect together. 
The service was also really great. Best Chicken and Waffles in the city.We came in on the first Sunday of the month. They offer a table service buffet which is pretty much order anything from the menu until you're stuffed. The chicken and waffles were delicious. That chicken had so much flavor! The waffles were a little chewy but that cornbread waffle was something special! It was so delicious I will be dreaming of it. The service was friendly and excellent. The red beans was very flavorful and delicious. If I weren't so stuffed I would have ordered everything on the menu. The next time I visit NOLA I will make this place a priority to eat at.Excellent, welcoming service!  Our waitress Pam made us feel like family coming in for a extra special occasion.  The Jazz fest special was a delightful panoply of Southern comfort food:  savory rice and velvety red beans, tasty greens, Cajun rice with just the right amount of heat.  The cheesy spaghetti was unexpected and new to me, but just plain childhood memory yummy.  Also some of the best fried chicken wings I could have asked for, perfectly crispy on the outside and juicy inside, again just the right amount of heat and Cajun flavored.  The waffles were so much superior to any chain breakfast spot.  Last, but not least, the complimentary cornbread was such a highlight, I could have had a waffle size portion all by itself.  I took some to go to enjoy later!Overall great service. I'm very passionate about my food so when it comes to taste and look very deep I need my food to taste good I don't care how it looks it was too much garnish on the food I honestly hate restaurants that offer discounts when you try to tell them about their food I really don't need a discount I need my food to be good honestly don't try to be mainstream be yourself and that's what makes great restaurants. Overall food-wise I was upset I was disappointed I was expecting moreSpare yourself the agony! I had their wings at New Orleans Fried Chicken Festival, and I have to say they were the worst I've ever had! What a huge waste of my time and money! And in the rain! I intend to go to the restaurant for a refund of my money! And to think, how many wonderful vendors I passed to get to this one in particular on a friend's suggestion .. also I was well-behaved in anticipation of the festival with the full intention Of joyful grubbing,..what a letdown! I've had better from a gas station!Found this gem of a place during our trip to Jazz Fest while staying at our shitty hotel("Quality" Inn). This was our first meal in New Orleans and it was great.
The staff was a little slow but honestly,  they were so nice and made us feel so at home that it didn't matter. Southern hospitality FOR REAL.
There were 9 of us in my group and we all got different menu items.. from the chicken and waffles to the fish sandwich and cajun rice to breakfast plates.. everyone loved what they got.
The chicken wings are the bomb, the waffles are great as well as the fries.
The best has to be their cornbread, I seriously wanted a dozen to take on our drive back home. Great food, great people. Will definitely be back whenever I visit New Orleans!Great food, and the people were very nice. Chicken and greens were amazing, and to top it off the cornbread is to die for. Make sure you have time as it isn't fast food, but it was well worth the wait.Excellent food and friendly service! We had the chicken and waffles with their house made hot sauce. Highly recommend it! It takes a little longer for the food to come out because they make everything fresh to order but totally worth the wait!I'm on the fence about this place. I'm a teacher and after a hard morning and about 100 kids I really look forward to getting something good to eat so that I can bounce back for the rest of my day. I'm also not a heavy eater and typically have leftovers from restaurant portions. I ordered some food based on recent reviews but I was disappointed. I ordered a $10 fish plate and got one piece of fish. It was obviously previously frozen and quite a small filet. My order wasn't right and I ended up very frustrated with the stinginess and low effort to balance a meal and create a plate. My veggie order was wrong too. I'm still trying to understand how they serve one small filet of fried fish for $10 when a church supper has better portions for a lower price.I wish I could write a review on how the food tasted but unfortunately when the lady (don't know her name but she was obviously pregnant) approach us, she directed us to sit at the bar. There were two tables that was empty and unclean and we let her know that we would like to sit at the table once it's clean. Fast forward, after 15 mins we were not seated and was the tables were still not cleaned.Because she is pregnant, we were very patient but she looked at us several times with no attempt to move behind the grill/bar. We were looking forward to eating here. The commercial made it seem like this place was inviting but I got the total opposite. I am beyond disappointed! We just left and probably will not come back or recommend this place! Smh!The corn bread was soooo good! Great atmosphere and great staff. Ask for Marcus!! He gave great customer service!!This literal "Momma" and pop shop is a hidden gem situated in a strip mall a couple of miles outside NOLA. We came for the chicken & waffles, but will be returning for the chicken & cornbread (which they also offer up as an amuse bouche!). Pam was our phenomenal waitress - super friendly and attentive. But the real star, obviously, was the food. Probably some of the best fried chicken I've ever seen. If you have the wheels, this joint is definitely worth a trip!Love love love! We have hired Ma Momma's House for event catering a few times at my place of work. The food is always a hit, especially the cornbread waffles and the po'girls, and the presentation is always lovely. Nicole is very professional and accommodating to our needs as well. We can never discuss catering at staff meetings without at least one staffer mentioning Ma Momma's House!Delicious food. Creamy grits. Teenie waffle cornbread. Chicken wings are a little too spicy for me (I'm not a spicy food gal). It's a cute mom & pop restaurant worth eating in while in NawlinsSuper friendly staff went above and beyond. Try the house punch and the cornbread! Did I mention the cornbread? It looks like a miniature waffle and it's heaven!Way over priced.... I guess it's an okay place for a moment of starvation and a need for something immediately.If you're into home cooked food that is available "when it gets ready!"- then this is the place for you.  Everything is cooked TO ORDER, as I personally witnessed orders being given to the cook as they were placed.  If you like cornbread, waffles, or chicken - you will lve it here.
The manager Rene is super nice.  She personally goes out of her way to make sure that everyone is taken care of with drinks, food, and photos.
If you visit here, you won't be disappointed.!
This hidden gem is truly a Louisiana classic.
When visiting, try and get a pic of Rene with her special knife and post a photo of it. Nobody has done so yet.Chickén was seasoned and cooked perfectly, no old used too many times oil. Yes it beat out mr. ed's, my old favorite on flavor. ** mr. Ed's gives dark and white pieces. 
Love, love cornbread shaped like mini waffles, delicious!
Hip, hip hooray for New Orleans East!!!Wow. Must stop here. Incredible food and down home service. Rene made us feel welcome as soon as we walked in. 
We had Chicken and Waffles (3 is plenty), best shrimp and grits EVER and the Little Mommas breakfast. 
Finished with Beignets and had fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade. 
Very clean interior and bathrooms full of Saints posters and inspirational messages.