Swanky inside, simple menu with some hidden gems. Had the seafood Plateaux and it was great - although not sure where the Horseradish was. My favorite part of the meal was actually the Old Fashion I ordered - slightly Smokey with a small Carmel popcorn skewer. It's one of the best I've had. The charbroil oysters were cooked just right without to much butter - I prefer ACMEs still but they were a nice change of pace from the rest I had. Overall this place didn't do anything wrong but at the same time I didn't get that wow factor to push the same five star everyone else gave. It was good, but nothing I had besides the drink was memorable or will make me come back. Friendly service, give it a shot if your looking for something quality and new.The food was really good, especially the oysters. Prices are reasonable and Olga is the best bartender.Although the grilled oysters were fresh & clean, they were too small for my taste.  The bread that came with the oysters was in nice slices but overly toasted so that soaking the luscious garlic butter became difficult.  The cauliflower salad was unusual & very delicious.  The chicken special was over cooked, dry & rather bland, while the rice it came on was delicious; highly spicy with greens.  The mushroom ravioli had some interesting garnish but was rather bland & not very interesting.  The bread pudding was delicious.  The cherry cake with ice cream, very ordinary.The service was extraordinary. The food was the best we had in NOLA.  The drinks were delicious. The gumbo was to die for.  Highly recommended.Get the Red Light Cocktail. Tell em Kittysmack sent you!  Illusion is the first of all pleasures. The Devil made me do it!!! Give em love. Give em hell. New Orleans secret gem bar. Check in anytime at B on Canal - the swankiest boutique hotel in the French Quarter. We be rollin' in the love shack!!!! Bring nothing. Love and love it up in style. High profile.Off the beaten track and almost didn't stop! So glad we did! We were attending a conference and the places around the hotel were packed! 
Wonderful signature cocktails (Storyville Sour And Madams Tonic Lemonade). Only had the charcuterie and cheese plates but they were exceptional! Was slow at first for a Friday night but picked up later in the night.I wanted to like this place. Friendly staff, and nice decor. But the food here is horrible. Pork shank was incredibly dry, and very salty. Steak came out well done. For $30 a dish, I expected more. Come here for the cheap wine and friendly staff.My experience for my birthday with the set up and jazz band was an awesome ambiance for a classy lady like me! I'm a local and a foodie lol, and I visited the restaurant for the 1st during NOLA Coolinary and Brunch...food was delicious (gumbo was a little salty b/ hey I'm comparing to my "Momma's" gumbo made from scratch @ home!!! Ain't nothing like Homemade Food!Amazing food with Amazing service. Come and keep Olga busy, oysters were cooked perfectly and Po Boy was the best I have had ever. Place looks very nice and trendy.A true gem on the outskirts of Canal Street. Amazing cuisine from starters to dessert. The food was prepared beyond satisfaction and perfectly reflected the pinnacle of french cuisine without the need to formally dressed up. However, our service staff was even better! Briona was excellent! She was extremely timely, professional, and personal. My wife and I had the best experience.We came here on a date night on a visit to NOLA.  Very nice restaurant, modern and romantic. The staff was very attentive to our needs. The food and drinks were very good and the chef came and also checked on how we enjoyed our dinner which was very nice.  We had the char oysters( extremely craveable) as well as fresh gulf, corn and heirloom salad, aldermann's steak frites , and the soup special. I would recommend if you want great quality food away from the typical touristy places.Great cocktails and wonderful food, from classic New Orleans to modern American bistro fair. Excellent oysters and fresh daily from the gulf. Interesting wine list with lots of interesting domestic and international wines by the glass.Wow all I can say is it's amazing. The drinks are all custom made with fresh juice and care. Lots of thoughts went into the bar program here. The bar is amazing but is it a far second from the food.   I was fortunate to stay at the Hotel B on canal where the resturant is located and I had several meals here. By far the best I have ever had in New Orleans. The flavors and the presentation are awesome. The Chef Drew Mills really shows his passion in his food.  The baked oysters and the redfish!! I can't wait to eat here again soon. If you love good food Madam's is a must on your next trip to NOLAThe atmosphere is amazing here. Love being able to chat with friends in the banquettes. 
The illusion is the first of all pleasures.
-VoltaireLovely spot. Had the crawfish Benedict, enjoyed it a lot. The real heroes are the staff. Waitresses, hostess, bartender, all gave some of the best service I've ever seen. Only in town for the weekend, but glad we ended up coming here. :)Seems to be and establishment that specializes in oysters. Not a very extensive menu. Music way too loud during dinner hour.  The waitress we had had a very thick accent and was hard to understand. Also, she was not very well versed on what was offered on the menu. Every time we asked her about an item she said she would have to go and ask the chef.
I would definitely recommend the charbroiled oysters.Everything was awesome the drinks especially the breeze, had the crawfish ravioli and pork and coconut were amazing, our waiter Dave and his lovely assistant were the best! Excellent place! Ive been coming to Nola for years and this was by far the best dining experience and meals we have ever had here.  Thank you Dave!!!The waitress we had, Cathy Catour, was AMAZING! She was so on top of things and made sure we were taken care of and satisfied the entire time. Some miscommunication occurred with the kitchen, but you better believe that Cathy was already on top of it and working hard to ensure we had the best experience possible. In regards to the food, definitely recommend the charbroiled oysters, so buttery with a perfect balance of Parmesan cheese and garlic. Also, let me just go ahead and say, definitely do the bottomless mimosas, you'll leave feeling ready to take on the world! Live jazz was beautiful and the ambiance gave off an early 1900s vibe that really made it hard to leave! So great and I highly recommend!After doing the obligatory Hurricanes and Hand Grenades on Bourbon Street, we were thrilled to find a place that wasn't packed with tourists and served up really good craft cocktails. The oysters and shrimp cocktail were amazing and just what we were craving. The service was wonderful and the food was even better.Loved this place. It's attached to the B on Canal Hotel and is a fun place for food and cocktails. Don't miss the mesmerizing smoked whiskey topped with Cracker Jacks. Food didn't disappoint either. I actually enjoyed the charbroiled oysters (and I don't eat seafood!) but make sure you save room for dessert, portions are perfect to share and taste divine.The charbroiled garlic Parmesan oysters are AMAZING!!!! Come to have them. Got the Madame's Bloody Mary which is strong and definitely has a kick. The crawfish Benedict is very flavorful but was too salty--if it had less salt would also be amazing because the other flavors were there just were overwhelmed by the salt. The place is beautiful on the inside. Very trendy and upscale. Went for brunch and only had 2 other parties. Worth checking out if you like charbroiled oyesters!Dave was a fantastic waiter full of food and entertainment ideas. Showed pride in his job as well as the menu. Had both grilled and raw oysters. Mushroom ravioli and the catch of the day to round it out. All top notch. Rebecca at the bar was fantastic as well.I had the pleasure of dining here while staying in the attached hotel (B on Canal). I sat at the bar and the staff was very friendly and attentive, answering all of my questions and offering useful insight and suggestions. I ended up going with a delicious cocktail (with absinthe foam!) and the crawfish ravioli. Both were delicious! This is a new place and I recommend checking it out.I went to try their coolinary menu and was blown away by the food and excellent staff! The chargrilled oysters were delicious and the cocktails were on point! Definitely coming back for more!A little oasis on upper Canal well worth the visit. Upscale contemporary decor with excellent mixology, tasty food, and an outstanding staff. 
I had the char-grilled oysters, a Moscow Mule , and a chocolate brownie dessert.
Rebecca my bartender blended the drink so that it hit all the right notes. Ginger, lime juice, herbs, and just the right amount of vodka. Beautifully garnished and served in a brass mug. 
Char-grilled oysters are a famous dish here in New Orleans. I've tried them at all the well known places, and these rank up there with some of the best. Fresh plump oysters, perfect amount of parmesan, garlic and butter cooked to perfection.
Dessert was the perfect way to finish this meal with a fresh chocolate brownie and a scoop of banana vanilla ice cream on top. Simple and delicious . 
I'll be coming back to sample some more of the menu. It's a warm and inviting place to relax in. Check it out, you won't be disappointed .'Hi, y'all ready to order?' ... That was the first thing out of our "waiter's" mouth after she approached us 15 minutes after we were seated. The service wasn't even service. It was non-existent. The food was ok, but it may have tasted better if we weren't in a bad mood half the time we were here because of how horrible the service was. It's not shocking this place was a ghost town on a Saturday morning when it should have been packed. Save your money and your time for a place that cares about having customers come through the door.Madam's Modern Kitchen has an authentic New Orleans environment--with the sounds of live jazz, friendly and personable wait staff, and delicious brunch eats. Precious is helpful and 10/10 a great server.My food was yum. My husband's was lacking in crawfiish. Poor service because of untrained staff. Kitchen is promising but they just need to get the service up to par.Quick, and very friendly service! Crawfish eggs benedict was very delicious! Nice and modern interior with a great looking bar.Stopped by Madam's for a quick drink and bite before heading out on the town for the evening.
While the waitress seemed less than pleased to serve us at first, and we had to ask the hostess for a menu after only seeing the drink menu, we settled on splitting the crab ravioli.
While the sauce was absolutely delicious, much to my disappointment, the filling had goat cheese in it, which was not stated on the menu.
Needless to say, my husband enjoyed the entire plate, while I was left longing for a better meal.This is a wonderful place to start a gorgeous day in New Orleans!! Cut glass for water, illy coffee with hot foaming milk, beautiful jazzy music and lovely wait staff. Split the fried green tomato Benedict!!!  Oh. My. God. And the pecan oatmeal with fresh bananas is quite special too. Great last breakfastExcellent!  Food is wonderfully prepared. The roasted cauliflower (salad) was scrumptious. Ravioli--yum. Lots of mushrooms. Had the oysters and they were delish!  Dave is the consummate overseer. He was attentive, helpful, as were the rest of the staff at this new restaurant on Canal. Very near to Saenger theater. You have to try it.This place is incredibly poorly managed. We showed up at 10:30 to have our drinks delivered at 11:30, and then told at 12:30 that whatever food we ordered was "out of stock". Not to blame our waitress, because she expressed lack of work ethic from their manager. They ran out of Bloody Mary mix for drinks as well as tomatoes for any of our dishes (such as Tomato Benedict listed on the menu). The service is terrible and management is horrendous. I would NEVER suggest this place to anyone. It is absurd. The manager just walks in and acts confused as to why they are out of everything. Offered us a round of free bloody Mary's that are apparently no longer out of stock to compensate for the ridiculous nonsense we have encountered???Was this a soft opening? Food took a long time to come out, drinks took a long time to come out.  Server was friendlyish.  The biggest thing that was disappointing was the menu that was posted on the website or yelp was not the menu offered.  There were far fewer options and some of the pictures that were posted on the website was not actually food they were making... Odd.The free oysters were the best part of this visit. The rest of the food was tasteless and overpriced. I came in for an early dinner and I should have bolted when I saw that I was the only one there...Had an amazing date night with my husband here. We had drinks, starters, entrees, and dessert. Everything was amazing. Staff is friendly and attentive. Atmosphere was great, very chill. Raved about it to family and friends the next day!This is good spot for a cocktail on the go. Good brunch, good burger. All the bar staff are super nice.
ADDENDUM: So I had to yelp coupon for free oysters and they had none At that point the bartender asked me what do I want I said a bourbon( I had already ordered a drink so I took it is a make it right type of thing). Come to find out he charge me for the bourbon and I still got no oysters. He made no indication that that was the case. He told me to come back for the oysters but I had specifically told him that I was leaving town and would not be able to come back. This place is right next to where I go to school so I like the convenience but the experience has soured me on the place.We went for a quick dinner and everything was delicious! Definitely quality food! My niece said the burger was the best she has ever had!Omg.  This place is last on my list now in New Orleans.  Waited forever for food to come out.  When it arrived it was cold.  I was told the special I ordered was a roasted fish with a baked potato.  When it arrived it was a grilled fish on brabant potatoes.  I asked where my baked potato was and she pointed to the cubed Brabant potatoes and tried to convince me that it was baked potato.  LOL.  I asked to speak to the manager and they never showed up.  STAY AWAY!Really enjoyed our dinner here.  Their menu is small and 3 out of the 4 of us got the ravioli and it was delicious.  The last diner had the strip steak and it was great.  We also got he yelp check in deal for Parmesan oysters - outstanding.  Service was good, but aside from us there was only one other table occupied that night.  We also had a few drinks at the bar  before dinner - nice bar area and good service there too.I really wanted to love this place, but the service and treatment of my party left a sour taste in my mouth. 
Why I chose this Restaurant: 
- It received stellar Yelp reviews 
- The food looked amazing
- Beautiful decor  
- It was a nice get away from the more touristy restaurants in neighborhood 
Areas of Concern: 
- My party and I noticed that people who arrived to restaurant well after us, received their food before us. 
- My party ordered Oysters and Ravioli. Yet, It took over 45 minutes for our food to arrive. 
- The restaurant staff didn't check in with us to explain why we didn't receive any of our meals. 
- Ultimately, we received different level of attention in comparison to other customers because we were the only customers of color. 
After voicing my concerns with our waitress, she explained that the ravioli was prepared from scratch so it took a long time to prepare. Additionally, she assumed that we wanted all the orders to come out at the same time. 
Regardless, little to nothing was done to correct the long wait time or lack of communication (I.e. No complimentary drink, or an apology from the manager). While the food tasted amazing, the service was mediocre. To ensure the longevity of this restaurant, staff will need be attentive to all customers.Cool, trendy spot with a nice ambiance. I attended a Yelp event there over the summer and my friend and I both enjoyed our cocktails (some sort of berry spritz) and munchies. Their roasted cauliflower is particularly superb.
Only thing that could have been improved: we were somewhat forgotten about for a while, being seated at the end of the bar, so we did miss out on some of the foods.Ordered the red fish (catch of the day) and cauliflower salad.  The red fish was delicious with olive tapenade over potatoes with greens!  The cauliflower salad was fresh and flavorful - just right after a week of rich food.  We went here because it was close to the hotel and it was raining - glad we did!This restaurant is absolutely terrible!! We had reservations for a table of 12. We were expecting a long wait. But we ordered bloody Mary's and were told they are out of mix. Then we ordered bottomless mimosa and they ran out of OJ. Food took over 2.5 hours. Dont come here...This three star rating really and truly boils down to service. You can have delicious food, and a great price point, but if you feel unwanted or like you are inconveniencing the server, it leaves a bad taste in your mouth. I arrived early and sat at the bar for a few minutes. There was one table in the dining room. I decided to wait for my guest. When I got the text she was right around the corner I requested to be seated. It wouldn't be hard for her to find me this early into service. I ordered the bottomless mimosa for myself but held off on ordering for her since I wasn't sure what her day plan was.
My friend ran in, a little frantic as she was hoping for valet service on this crazy Sugar Bowl weekend/Saints Home Game in the Dome wherein there appeared to be no parking in sight. There didn't appear to be any, so she again ran out to find a spot. I sat and patiently waited as I was in no hurry. It took her over 20 minutes to find somewhere to park and in that 20 minutes, I was asked several times if I was ready to order by my server. I was a little put off by this, as I was in no rush to eat and finish my food before I was even joined by my companion. 
When she finally joined me I told her to simply relax as we had all the time in the world to catch up, and again, the dining room was mostly empty and I felt no pressure to eat and run. We ordered the charbroiled oysters which were some of the best oysters I've had. Soak up all that buttery goodness with the bread too!
For our main, we both ordered the Croque Madame, which was served open faced on Texas Toast. While it was tasty, and filling I was expecting at least a croissant, and a nice hefty slice of tomato to balance the gruyere and bechamel. 
I guess over all, had we not felt too pressured to order and get on with it, I'd feel better about the overall experience, but the hospitality was definitely lacking and I can go elsewhere for oysters and croque madame breakfast sandwiches.Was here on Saturday for one of my good friends birthday party.She had made reservation for 12 people  a day before the reservation.when we got there they told us they don't have the reservation and it was lost after the fact that we had made it the day before and also called them to confirm it. She decided to choose this restaurant because they had good review and it was also a new restaurant in the city.
list of disappointment:
- My party was treated like kids that didn't know how to speak correct english we came her to enjoy our meal that were paying for not to be getting corrected by our waiter that think they know everything.
-We had order charbroiled oyster and steak that came out so burnt you wouldn't even want to put it in your mouth the waiter took it back and told us new one was going to come out and it never did and  charge us for it.
-We were getting over charged for item that wasn't suppose to be on the check.
we had also ask for the check before the food had came out and they told us that it wasn't possible and that we had to stay there till our food come out felt like we was being held there and can't leave.My friends had asked for a manager on duty and he came out looking so unprofessional with flip flop a dirty tee and dirty short to come speak to us and told us all he can do is say sorry.We are all business owner that deal with customer service on a daily basic .For the manager on duty for  future reference i will learn how to speak to your customer when something goes wrong. i felt like we were not getting the service like others that was in the restaurant.i will never refer any of my friends or family to this restaurant.Came here with a group of 6 people! Perfect atmosphere for a weekend brunch. Everyone one opted into the boozy brunch bottomless mimosas for $15 option and the wait staff was on point. Our waitress, Cathy was very generous with the pours and attentive. Not once did we have to ask for a refill because she was already on top of her game.Avoid this place. Worst service, they know it and don't careSo I feel like this restaurant struggles due to its location... a lot of to go drinks/free waters people invading a place that should be sat in and enjoyed. Service seemed frazzled due to show next door, and walk ins, but nice people and the char grilled oysters albeit small, were some of the best I've had and that's saying a lot in this city. The shrimp poboy was a little too generous in the mayo in the remoulade, but the serving size was generous and the fries tasty. Cozy atmosphere, not too outrageously priced. I like it!Serves as breakfast bar for B on Canal hotel. 5 nights here on conference trip. Away from more expensive hotels further down canal street. Quiet polite friendly service. Modest prices. Fresh eggs and whatever to order. NO BUFFET.. ALL TABLE SERVICE. Polite friendly staff and good food. All I needed to start day.Love it!! Service and food was Great too. 
Close to Saenger and the Jung Hotel. Steak was incredibly fabulous and a sauce to die for!!So many better places to have brunch in New Orleans! Food was fine, coffee was horrible and service was difficult-definite communication issue with wait staff. Again, many other places to have a wonderful brunch in NO.What a bust. This restaurant misrepresents itself online like I've never seen before: from the carefully chosen photo angles - so you get the impression that it's a beautiful New Orleans gem - to the menu that isn't the one they actually have. This is a sports bar. In a shitty hotel. With huge TV screens. A draft from the lobby. Bad service. And the food... for tourists only. Not for locals or anyone used to greatness when it comes to restaurants in this cityThis is a hidden gem definitely.. Great ambiance, fantastic kitchen (try po-boy or charbroiled oysters). But the best part of the place are their bartenders - Nate and Olga. They are super friendly and helpful. And they are making the best cocktails I've tried so far in town. 
Strongly recommend this place.A nice, modern spot on Canal street featuring trendy cocktails and menu. 
My wife and I had a quick stop here for a drink and a quick bite so unfortunately I do not have much to write. But I will say their Old Fashioned was one of the best I have ever tasted. Whomever thought of adding caramel popcorn for a garnish to the drink deserves a medal :)
We shared the crawfish ravioli which was spot on, nice sized portion packed with seafood and a light cream to compliment the dish. 
Good place to try close to the quarter but not in the madness.Last night, my husband, daughter and I went to Madam's before going to the theater.  Our server, David, couldn't have been more attentive.  Our drinks were excellent (but nothing out of the ordinary - a martini and rye manhattans).  Granted, it was 6 pm and there were only 5 people (including us) in the place but the service was great. The food was good - I had the mushroom ravioli, my husband and daughter had the raw oysters and a cheese and butchers board. Both were great - the oysters fresh and salty, the cheese and butchers board was perfect with a killer pepper jelly.  Our daughter had the Ceasar salad, which I am assuming was also good, because it was gone before I really had a look at it!
The chocolate cake (kind of molten) with ice cream was to die for!
We will definitely be back.Great food. The service was awesome will come here again. Thank you akia for your great hospitalityTerrible. Did I mention terrible? And I'm not talking about the food because I walked out before I could get any. The bartender must have gone to Trump's school of manners. She was downright awful. We sat at the bar for 15 minutes before she even acknowledged us and this was after I asked for a menu, to which her reply was give me a second.......she was too busy waiting on the "lighter" couple that had just sat next to us. I would never go to this place again and don't recommend any other human going there either. Spend your money elsewhere.Got in late on a Thursday and didn't want to go too far from where I was staying, so Madam's was well situated for me. The food seafood gumbo was all we had (so that's the basis for the review). It was not as hot as I'd like, and there was little chicken/andouille/shrimp, but it tasted pretty good and spice was on point. All that said, the bowl of gumbo was $14; I didn't think what I had was $14 good...maybe $8. I recommend this spot if like me, you get in late and don't wanna wander too far.This is probably my favorite restaurant in the city so far. i have been  to a lot of restaurants but this one gave me an awesome experience from the flavors of the food to good service , chef victor had the courtesy of checking on our table ( really nice chef) and answered all of our questions. Catch of the day is a must try...What a great find! The food was awesome, the staff are all friendly and accommodating. The Chef stopped by our table and made it a perfect evening. The have a great wine selection and some unique twists to their drinks. We will definitely be back when we are in NOLA.Excellent!  Food is wonderfully prepared. The roasted cauliflower (salad) was scrumptious. Ravioli--yum. Lots of mushrooms. Had the oysters and they were delish!  Dave is the consummate overseer. He was attentive, helpful, as were the rest of the staff at this new restaurant on Canal. Very near to Saenger theater. You have to try it.This restaurant was subpar. I ordered the pancakes with the apple sausage chicken. My pancakes weren't fluffy and tasted as if they had been cooked in oil. My sausage was tough. My two friends order the avocado toasted and we all three agreed it tasted store bought. The portion size was good but the taste and quality was not.  We read the reviews before deciding to come here but it did not meet our expectations.I was staying in the hotel attached to this restaurant, so I thought I try it out. I waited AN HOUR for a to-go order (only a salad and fries), and there were barely any people in there. Once I got the order, the aioli I asked for was not in my bag, so I had to wait an additional 10 minutes just for aioli. Management is lucky I'm a decent person. I did not want to pay for waiting that long, but I did. No one apologized for the long wait. Very disappointing experience.Yummy brunch spot! Would be a nice date night spot as well! 
 I gave it 4 stars because my food was actually delightful however I wanted to give 3..I'll explain why I gave it 3 stars. 
They need to update their online menu as the menu in house isn't the same! So the things we had our mouths fixed for were no longer served or served separately. 
I ordered the Banana Foster French toast. The menu states prepared on French bread with Rum glazed bananas! Sounds yummy right? When my plate came, there were four pieces of French bread dusted with cinnamon and powdered sugar with 4 small pieces of banana on top! I asked the waitress about the rum glazed bananas and she told me, they dip the bread in the rum glaze! Totally misleading! So I asked for strawberries! 
My chicken apple sausage and eggs were was pretty good! 
Of course you can never go wrong with bottomless mimosas!!The best Wild Mushroom Ravioli ever! Corona it is always cold and delicious ! Good vibe to bring friends and have perfect dinnerStopped in for a quick drink and some fries before a show at the Saenger and it was A-okay. The drinks weren't very good but the fries more than made up for it. Stick to beer and wine and you should be fine!Great place for local oysters. Will come again. Brunch was great, great customer serviceThis was not bad not good the bar tender was by far the best part she was amazing. When I went the kitchen was limited for  some reason I did order food and it was good so no complaints there . Just wish there was more options .We had high hopes for this place! Talk about an epic fail. All the drink, food, and menu pictures you see online do not match what they have in person. The bartender kept telling us, that's an old menu, we got rid of our drink menu, or we don't make that anymore! Wait, WHAT?! Maybe management should update their site so it's current? Just a thought! If I was you, just keep on keeping on as New Orleans has more to choose from then this place.My girlfriend and I tried Madam's during the New Orleans Coolinary. The menu and all the courses were amazing. We are going to make it a point to return.On our way to the Saenger with two of our grands, we had enough time to have a quick bite.  Read some good reviews so we tried Madam's.  Very few patrons in the place.  That made us a little nervous.
We stuck with sandwiches and appetizers and sides to speed up the process.  Burgers were really good.  Generous size patti very well prepared.  The fries they served were excellent as fries go.  Hot, well seasoned, and not at all greasy.
Club sandwich was full of ham, turkey, Swiss cheese.  Nicely prepared.
Shrimp cocktail had headless shrimp that had to be peeled.  They were nicely boiled and tasty.  Also tried the mixed grilled veggies. Great dish.
Prices reasonable. Ambiance pleasant.  Service good.Y'all... 1) General manager is beyond nice.
2) I believe that chocolate cake is made to order, either way it came out moist, hot and is my new bestfriend.
3) Unique menu items are usually the most best ones... Just a tip.So, we decided to support a business near the Hard Rock. Walked in, no hostess, so we seated ourselves. One table occupied and about 5 people at the bar. After a while the bar tender came over, plopped down some menus, did not offer us a drink. "Come order at the bar when you are ready" she says and walks away. At their price point, not acceptable. We left and had a nice meal at Josephine Estelle with great drinks and service.Really loved the bartender . I believe he was Ethiopian , he was very personable and nice. We met him during happy hour and he provided good convo along with drinks. We also decided to grab a bite so we ordered the spicy shrimp po boy and the crawfish ravioli. The meals were both good ( fries really tasty ) but we do think the ravioli was a bit overpriced for that small portion. But overall, we would come again .