Ran across this gem when walking from building to building at the World War II Museum.  The smell lured us in!  We had a small Magazine Supreme. It was the perfect size for two for lunch. The crust was great and it had just the right amount of sauce. The lady at the counter was so kind and helpful. The atmosphere was rustic but clean.I ordered from Magazine Pizza after a long day of travel. I ordered a small pizza and soda to be delivered to my hotel. When it arrived, it was the wrong pizza, as they person taking my order had misunderstood that I was looking for pizza with chicken and olives with pesto sauce, instead delivering a Chicken Pesto pizza (which is some kind of specialty pizza). 
I called to ask them to send the correct pizza (as I couldn't eat what they sent due to allergies). They eventually sent the correct pizza, but it was more than an hour from when I first called (about 50 minutes the first time and another 20 the second time, and well before the dinner rush). After all that, I was also charged the price of the specialty pizza, not the pizza I ordered (a difference of several dollars). Admittedly, I did not call a third time to rectify the situation, as by that point I was exhausted.
One good thing: the sauce they serve on the side of the pizza is delicious.
Not my best experience!Had their Margherita pizza and it was awesome! Also had the Caesar salad and that was great too! Ordered there twice in the week we were here, definitely recommend!Hands down the best gluten free pizza I've had, but the best part is the homemade ranch dip!I absolutely love this establishment! Great food, wonderful staff, and delivers all over the city.
The hangover pizza is one of my favorites. They also sell Nur's Kitchen Hummus which is delectable! 
If you're a local or just visiting, if you want a pie, go to Magazine Pizza!Magazine pizza is great.  Aphrodisiac and Lagniappe are my go-to pizzas, plus their salads are spot on. 
And the spinach dip? Yes, please. Plus you can get hummus.. HUMMUS ON DELIVERY WITH MY PIZZA WHAAAAAA?!I ordered this pizza for my staff and wow was I disappointed. I ordered two large pizzas and anywhere else they would be considered mediums at best but they still charged a large price. The pizza itself was just ok but for the price it wasn't worth it at all. Bei Tempe is a much better choice in that area especially since they have pizza by the slice and Magazine doesn't.This pizza was excellent. We ordered a four cheese pie with a couple beers and it was pretty affordable. I'd definitely go back.Pretty good pizza.  Love that they are open late. Just what our group needed after all the Mardi Gras celebrations.Placed and order for two pizzas (to be delivered), waited an hour (they promised it to be here in 45 minutes). They didn't come, called to cancel my order, was placed on hold twice!!! The line kept beeping at me....so I  hung up, this my first attempt buying pizza from them. A waste of time, don't spend your money on this *gourmet* pizza, it will never come.Always fast and hot when delivered. Love that I can order online and pay online!  Prices are fair and portions nice size on sandwiches. Pizzas are good too! I'm with the other reviewers, ranch dressing and all the topping choices make this one a great choice for a night in and they are open late! We order from here often downtown. And the calzones come with fries, who does that?! Awesome!!Minimal sauce to the pizza, soggy fries, but mozerella sticks are prime. On uber eats so available for delivery!Let's see, I ordered delivery from here two days ago and was actually pretty stoked about it, having tried and enjoyed it once before. Also, my hangover was like, feed me pizza now. However, I will not be back after my experience with them. 
The woman that answered the phone sounded disgruntled and annoyed, asking me repeatedly to speak up. I obliged and reiterated, almost robotically, my order to her. She did not repeat it back to check for accuracy and hung up the phone as soon as I said "cash," having only been prompted about my payment method. No delivery time, nothing.
The food arrived in a reasonable amount of time, delivered by a nice guy who called and told me he was downstairs. But to my dismay, there was a large pizza instead of a small! AND it was missing the mushrooms I paid an extra $1.50 for, tsk tsk tsk. That's not all! My girlfriend got one of their sandwiches on WHITE, it came on wheat. The bread that came with the spin dip was like eating cardboard. Fairly small errors, yes. But I paid an extra $10 (without a complaint whatsoever) or so and still tipped the driver over 20% on the overpriced total, which was not his fault after all.
THEN I called them up and asked to speak with a manager, just to let them know about the error. A less-than-enthused man answered and told me "no, there's no one here." WHAT? As a service industry vet, this is unacceptable and Magazine Pizza should be embarrassed. Get your $#!+ together, or at least get a ringmaster on the clock to control the circus that is your establishment.
Oh, and that large pizza is still rotting away in my fridge. I want my $10 back, I want my $10 back!Great little local pizza dive. Stopped by around midnight & enjoyed a margarita pizza but added chicken to it! It came plenty of fresh basil which I appreciated. (Most places skimp on it!) The husband had the Lagniappe pizza which was good different. It was covered with a delicious rich white sauce, shrimp & crawfish!We absolutely LOVE the pizza! Every time we come to town, we order delivery at least once. The pizza is still nice and hot when it gets to the hotel and the wait time isn't bad at all! Definitely recommend trying Magazine Pizza!Ok your in  NOLA under tornado warnings.  Not a lot to do on lined ordered through Yelp was to take 60-90 minutes arrived hot and delicious in less than 30. Two 14" pizzas salads and cheesecake.   Polite delivery.Good pizza. The OMGzone was delicious. We tried the Hawaiian, Margherita pizza and the Lagnipipe pizzas. Good seasoning and flavor on the pizza. It's a thinner crust pizza. We needed a place that delivers and enjoyed these pizzas.I'm only giving it one star because I can't give negative stars. I ordered online from my hotel room. I ordered a simple pizza and salad with a few two liters of Diet Coke. After an hour, I got a cold pizza, warm salad and dressing and warm soda. The driver was dressed like he was homeless and acted like he didn't give a shit. I called the place to complain and was put on hold for over 10 minutes so I hung up. This place sucks. I should have ventured out but was too tired to go anywhere. I'll probably end up with botulism.Thanks for littering the city with your flyers guys.  I make a point to not patronize businesses who resort to this type of advertizing.  It's a waste, and it makes a mess of our city.  I'll take my money elsewhere.Very disappointed! Quoted an 1 to 1 hour and 15 minutes for delivery at 2:00 pm on a Saturday. After 2 phone calls to find out the status of our order it finally arrived 2 hours after the fact. Pizza was cold as were the other items. Salad was hot not cold as it should be. Pizza crust was similar to something you would get at Papa Johns. Bland and rubbery. I let the female know (she refused to give me her name)who we ordered from originally that after a 2 hour wait we wanted a credit to the bill. She became very defensive and when I said "Fine I'll just write an honest negative review on Yelp" she hung up on me!! Rude and very poor customer service. Would not order from this place again!!When I moved to New Orleans, one of the top priorities was to find good pizza in the new city! Not an easy task. Discovering Magazine Pizza, was like finding treasure! Their pizza is beyond DELICIOUS! There is no pie I don't like, its made with love, attention and care. Fresh quality ingredients, and super good cheese!
They love their customers, its obvious to see and they make sure every pie is the best. 
There is also this secret sauce that comes with each pizza, this stuff is major! It's unique to Magazine Pizza, no other place offers extra something with a delicious pizza. Their ingredients are fresh and tasty. They deliver all over town, the delivery is always with a smile! 
They love what they do and it shows, they feed Nola everyday with the best pizza in town!
Yum! Yum!We were staying at the Sheraton off Canal St visiting from Orlando, and tired of eating out and needed a night into rest, so we decided to look at the options for ordering pizza, so we saw the reviews for this place and called to place a delivery order for one 14" Pepperoni Pizza and an order of baked mozzarella sticks. We were quoted 45-60 minutes for delivery, and our order arrived in around 35 minutes. As far as the food, the baked mozz sticks we "ok" and nothing special, and the same goes for the pizza, there enough cheese and toppings, but no where near enough sauce to give it the fresh and lively flavor you'd expect when paying $15 for a single pizza. Oh well.Meh. It'll make a turd.  Got a thin crust supreme and it was barely sprinkled with topping & crust was chewy
 Very bland. If you've been drinking, it'll be AHMAZINGGG!Top five on our list! Being from  we travel a lot and have had our fair share of pizzerias... Not only do they have a great selection but the taste and ingredients and flavors is just an amazing experience.My friends and I ordered pizza to go at this establishment. When I got home I realized I left a souvenir there. When I called back to let someone know I would be back to get it, the young lady was beyond rude and told me she see it, but could not save it and hung up. I called again to let someone know I was down the street. A male employee then answered the phone, said the manager wasn't there and begin to tell me how busy they were, but he see the pouch and it will be there. When I arrived moments later. Everyone (5 employees) was standing behind the counter with the their backs turned "even after I said "excuse me". When I asked about it no one knew what I was talking about including the two people that I just spoken with. I then asked for the manager that "supposedly" just left. Once I said I had spoken with the young lady on the phone and she hung up she blurted out "get it out the trash". The staff was not nice or friendly and the girl kept yelling "we are closed".  I told them it wasn't necessary to be rude or nasty. One of the employees dug my pouch out without the lid. The girl then yells out "you got what you needed and know you can go".  I left once my lid was recovered from the trash by another employee. This is by far The Worst Staff ever!The best salad I think I've ever had! I got the Magazine salad and it was delicious, fresh, perfect combination of ingredients. We also got the Margherita pizza and the spinach artichoke dip, both were excellent. I highly recommend this place, and they delivered to our hotel!Excellent thin crust pepperoni pizza. Plenty of cheese, good crust, and quick delivery. If you're staying in the Quarter or Downtown, this place is a go-to for ordering in.
Glad to have found it!Eh.. their pizza is better than some big brand pizza deliveries but I still feel that it's over priced. Why? Well my $10 gourmet spinach salad wasn't so fresh few crisp spinach leaves here and there but the rest we soggy and limp. The pepperoni pizza I ordered was fine but wasn't buzz worthy to us. Sane goes for the sausage pizza. The tomato sauce didn't taste freshly made. And the delivery driver put the nail in the coffin by mentioning a tip which I already had waiting for him. But couldnt hand it to him quickly because I was trying to gather everything because he didn't want to take the pizza out for me and I had my one yr old running around. So instead of giving him a 20% tip I gave him a 10% tip. Be a gentlemen and help a lady sir. But most importantly the food wasn't what they hyped it up to be.Just ordered the Farmer's Pizza-- what a disappointment.  The toppings were all concentrated in the middle and were very very sparse for $19.  Overall greasy and unappetizing.  There was nothing gourmet or special about this pizza. 
I also ordered hummus and was very surprised to receive a tub of hummus a la the grocery store nested in cut pita.  I am a huge hummus fan but not familiar with the brand so I thought it was going to be homemade.   First and last time I order from here.We ordered 2 pizzas online. It took two hours and all we got was excuses. They said something went wrong with the online ordering system. Fair enough if that actually happened but why not call me and tell me that or apologize? The lukewarm pizzas we finally got were pretty good but I'm not ordering from this place again.Reviews below about the long wait time are accurate. I don't care as much for delivery but you also have to wait a long time if you buy in the restaurant. The area is also kind of small and hard to find seating inside. It's also by the highway so kind of noisy sitting outside. The pizza itself - we had the "hangover" was above average. I saw some of the other combinations and they all seemed pretty creative. This is a place I would definitely come back to to try the other pizza toppingsHad a little trouble ordering over the phone, but this was solved quickly with the app.  Pizza arrived hot, fresh and quickly.  Ordered 3 pizzas and all three were great.  Good firm crust and could tell ingredients were all fresh.My order was incorrect and was mediocre food. Way overpriced for the quality and quantity. It was delivered in the time frame suggested, but was an hour for one small pizza. I wouldn't reorder simply because it was over $30 (delivery, but still) for one small pizza that didn't match my order.This place is awesome.  I am so excited to have found a place where I can get an entree-size salad with plenty of fresh ingredients.  We ordered the spinach salad with roasted red peppers, cranberries, goat cheese, very delicious pepper jelly vinaigrette and the chicken Caesar salad!  The salads are HUGE and all of the ingredients are super fresh.  We also ordered the market fresh wrap which we were too full to eat after the salads and complimentary hummus.  The hummus was delicious and I noticed that it was made locally in Covington.  I ate the wrap for lunch today and it is also, you guessed it, delicious, even after sitting lonely overnight.  Veggies with fresh mozz and light hummus in a nice thin wheat lavash wrap.
About a month ago I got a pizza delivered, and although I have an affinity for paper thin crust, I did like this pizza.  The crust has a medium thickness and dough-iness about it, and all of the ingredients were fresh and thinly sliced.  The sauce is what sold me since I'm not a huge fan of thick crusts.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to pizza, the only places I really love right now are Pizzicare and Nino's.
The staff is super friendly and I would say the only strange thing that struck me is the very small dining room.  I'm not sure if they are going to expand to have more space since they are just starting out.
PS I also heard the chicken Caeser salad was noms.Visiting New Orleans for the first time on our honeymoon, we found Magazine Pizza by accident.  Once we tried the pizza, we couldnt stay away.  We ate there 5 times in 8 days... it was fantastic!  Generous amounts of chunky toppings, flavourful ingredients, lots of cheese and a great crust.  Our favourites were the Farmers Market (consisting of so many kinds of vegetables including whole cloves of roasted garlic and bursting with flavour even non-vegetarians love it!) as well as the Grilled Shrimp pizza.  That one had bug chunks of shrimp (aka prawns) throughout. 
We also tried the strawberry cheesecake and it was amazing.
Service was always friendly; relaxing/casual atmosphere with a TV screen and tables to sit and enjoy. Wine and spirits also sold there.
I've never seen so many delivery drivers! They are busy and I can see why. This is one of our favourite places to eat in New Orleans, give it a try, you'll be so happy you did.I know NOLA is about Cajun/Creole food, but this place is a must visit. It's unique. You don't even have to visit there because they deliver, but their pizza is good.
We did the small grilled shrimp pizza, the baked mozzarella sticks, and the garlic cheese bread. The pizza was truthfully the best thing we ate.
It came with grilled shrimp, chunks of whole garlic, tomatoes, cheese on a thin crust dough and with a signature sauce and the flavor was fantastic. 
I wasn't fond of the garlic cheese bread, which was burnt, or the mozzarella sticks, which could have been my mistake by ordering them baked instead of fried. 
The atmosphere is neat. It's more of a deli atmosphere and it seemed like the air wasn't working because of the hot pizza ovens being on, but we didn't die in there. 
Staff was super friendly. They even brought us out a free pizza that was a mess-up that we ate as breakfast and lunch the next day, which, too, was amazing.We ordered delivery after the NBA All-Star game.  It's been a long weekend and we just wanted to have one last good meal before going home.  They delivered it in one hour.  To all of our surprise it was exceptionally good!  If ever back in town, we would definitely order again.Quite possibly the best pizza we've ever had. They were very generous with the cheese and toppings. It was so good, in fact, that the next day we bought slices for road trip home to College Station Texas along with a large "Macho Man" with cheese bread!Not only did our delivery take over an hour...from an 11 minute drive away from our house. The pizza was covered in grease, soggy, and taken out the back of our delivery driver's trunk who was apparently the manager. Highly suggest any pizza place other than this restaurant. Seriously had better pizza from Little Caesar's.Pretty good pizza. Crispy crust with a nice chewiness. Especially good for families doing the museums down the street. Not expensive and kid friendly menu. There's no "decor", a few tables and paper plates but who cares, in and out quick with real pizza. The marguerita pizza (which is a good standard to judge a joint by) had a ton of basil, tomatoes and other herbs and a nice garlicky sauce.First time ordering here and will the the last time. Got a small cheese and a large magazine supreme. They both were literally worse then frozen pizza from grocery store or gas station. 40 bucks plus tip I threw in trash. Do not eat here unless u have below standards for pizza.I found their menu in our hotel room and decided to take a chance, glad I did. I ordered the Mediteranian salad and chicken avocado wrap, they were delicious and arrived in about 30 minutes.  The salad was made with a spring mix (I think I tasted mint also) olives, walnuts, crumbled cheese and they put a slice of garlic bread that was perfectly toasted in the container.   The wrap was great, it came with fries but I forgot to ask for ketchup, and they didn't put any in the bag.  :(   Other than that, my experince was great, I ordered online, food delivered fairly quickly and didn't have to get out of my jammies!  I don't know what their peak times are, I ordered around 6pm Saturday.WOW! For 35$ you can get a tiny pizza and 3 pieces of lettuce on the side (you call that a salad?).
I feel as though they need to either up the sizes of their servings or drop their prices. Nobody likes a business that has 350% margins. 
All in all, I'm kind of a pH 7 for this place. The food is decent but stupidly overpriced. The only way I'll ever eat here again is if you pay.Quick and friendly delivery. Delicious pizza with fresh ingredients. A little on the pricey side, but worth it!Being new to the New Orleans area my husband and I had no clue where to order a good pizza. We decided on Magazine Pizza for a delivery and were very pleased. The cherry on top was the included condiments; ranch dressing, Parmesan cheese and crushed red peppers. Dipping pizza in ranch dressing is a very common occurrence in California and we are excited we found the pizza restaurant that embraces this as well! Thumbs up! We will be ordering the next time we have a pizza craving!Called for a delivery to my hotel room and was told no more than 45 minutes. 75 minutes later I call and am told that because it's raining, everything is running slow BUT I am next. TWO HOURS after I called -- I call again and start to tell them to just cancel my order but naturally the guy on the phone says it's on it's way. 15 minutes later -- cold pizza and an unapologetic delivery guy show up.
No offer to discount the price or bring along a little something extra to say "I'm sorry." Hand the delivery guy $30 (it was $24) and he leaves without asking if I want change.
Have no idea if the food was any good -- it was after midnight and I just tossed it and went to bed.
Don't bother unless you have a ton of time and aren't very hungry.Good customer service, fresh and quick delivery (even during the essence festival). Not the best pizza reheated (thats normally my tester). But I have no complaints about this company or their food. I ordered the magazine supreme. I would order here again.Just got to your hotel?   Feeling hungry, but tired from traveling and just need some yummy comfort food?  We asked the front desk person at our hotel who to call and she told us to call these guys, and so we did.   
Call these guys, no seriously, call them.
We ordered the veggie hot sandwich: "extra veggies, less cheese, please?"  response: "sure ma'am, no problem"              sweet!       The sandwich arrived and was busting out with veggies, super good.
We also ordered the garlic bread.  We wanted to make sure it was low sodium, and they certainly delivered.  It was not salty at all.  It's definitely not your average pizza hut garlic bread, I can't really describe what the difference is... more crispy?  yeah, I guess that'll have to do.    It was really good none the less, and the marinara sauce was not salty either.  
They quoted the delivery time as 30-45 minutes and I swear he was here in 20 minutes.  They even deliver to your door.  They do charge a delivery fee, it's not a lot.Ordered the Margherita Pizza for delivery and was not disappointed.  Very tasty, and Lots of cheese.  Box was Pretty greasy from the cheese, but its all good.  This meets my definition of a "real" pizza. Reminds me a lot of a good NYC pizza.  Delivery was quick.  Will be ordering from here more often.Their chicken and bacon calzone is amazing. Their delivery was really quick too! Food arrived good and hot. I wish there was one in Jacksonville Florida where I live because there were so many menu items I wanted to try. Next time I'm in town I will definitely come backBest gluten free pizza I have had yet. Pricey but definitely worth it. We had to have it two nights in a row. A must try!I live walking distance from this spot -- and it's my go-to pizza joint.  It's absolutely delicious. The ingredients taste fresh, they prepare them quickly; always hot and served with a side of home-made RANCH every time.  Quality, classic-style pizza. They also have gluten-free options for your weird friends. The owner and staff are super friendly and loooove their pizzas. Try the HOT MAMA, spicy/sweet delicious goodness. Go eat here.Whoa yum yum! I got the aphrodisiac delivered and it was delicious! The toppings perfectly roasted, whole cloves of garlic, dried chilies and the packets and sauces on the side were a lovely touch. Definitely would order again!Ordered delivery and was 1hr 15 min wait on a Tuesday. Pizza was lukewarm and similar to dominos. Thin crust was identical to regular crust. Delivery guy called 3 times in 2 minutes and seemed confused. Told us to meet him outside and couldn't put tip on credit card. Chicken fingers and fries were pricey and not as good as out of my freezer. Coupon said it would be automatically added with free dessert - we received no dessert. Will not be ordering again.Go there, get the hangover pizza and maybe get two because you'll eat it. But be sure to save room for the cheesecake. Trust me it's worth it.Didn't actually step into this place, but we did order delivery from here.
We had the grilled chicken pizza and it was so good. It's a veggie pizza topped with chunks of chicken. The best part is the HUGE pieces of roasted garlic. I LOVE garlic, so it was awesome finding yummy pieces of garlic buried under mounds of cheese and other toppings. Speaking of cheese, there was tons of it. Magazine Pizza does not skimp at all. I will definitely be trying other pies from this place!I could overlook the ridiculously long wait time and the cold pizza, but I cannot overlook the unbelievably bad and rude service we got. 
We ordered delivery and after waiting 90 minutes, I called to see what was up. THREE TIMES, they hung up on me. First they said it was on the way and hung up on me. Then they put me on hold and never came back. Then they made up a a lie about how they'd been trying to call me (I had gotten calls from other people, but not from them) and HUNG UP ON ME AGAIN. 
Finally, they delivered our old cold pizzas. I sent them back and called for a refund. They hung up on me A THIRD TIME. At this point, I was at the end of my patience. My toddler had to eat a banana and a cereal bar for dinner and I had to drive out to the restaurant for my refund.
When I told the woman at the restaurant what happened, she simply said "Okay." I asked if she cared at all and she said "We already apologized." But nobody ever apologized. In fact, they did the opposite and got ruder every time I spoke to them. I made a scene and got my refund. 
I then contacted the owner on facebook and was told not to order from them again. He insists that they tried to call me and will not even address the fact they repeatedly hung up on me. You will see when you read other reviews here that they have told this lie before. Magazine Pizza is a terrible business owned by a terrible man. They are a disgrace to this city.I've eaten pizza and other things here a few times, but never actually eaten at the establishment. I absolutely love their Hot Mama pizza, and today I tried the Spinach and Artichoke pizza. It stole the show; I don't know which I like better! I think the Blanco looks amazing and it is next on my list to try. Also (and don't ask why I know this) the chicken strips are pretty fantastic, too.
The only downside I've experienced is the wait time for delivery. They estimate an hour for delivery, and my delivery has always been more than an hour wait. Now I know to allot for more than an hour if I'm going to order from them.Great food and friendly phone staff. But the delivery driver did not bring part of our order, so we called back to ask for them to bring it. He brought it back and instead of coming up to our room he had the front desk call our room to make us come down to retrieve the rest of our order. We also asked for them to bring plates and utensils and that was not brought with the rest of our order.I ordered a pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms and also got the garlic sauce. The pizza was good, though I wish it had more pepperoni and mushrooms on it and the garlic sauce was good as well - not too oily. The only bummer was that it didn't arrive piping hot so I ended up having to eat a few pieces cold. They did, however, honor my Yelp coupon for a free drink with purchase and gave me two free cans of Coke with my delivery order.Delivered to our hotel in 1 hour, online estimate was 60-90 mins so that was nice. Food was good, but VERY overpriced. I guess you pay for the convenience? Probably should've walked there instead in was a less than 5 minute walk away.Tops on my go to for ordering in. The variety on the menu makes it impossible to not want to try something new every time you order. And their delivery people are FAST! My current favorite is the gyro meat on a pizza. Brilliant! The prices are great. The food is excellent. If I had more than two thumbs, they would all be up for this place.I work a few blocks from Magazine Pizza, and one day I decided to get some pizza delivered from them.  I ordered a small Macho Man Pizza, and it was so much meat on it, it was falling of the slices every time I lifted one up to eat.  It was so good, that I ended up ordering another to take home.  Needless to say, I am hooked on their pizzas.  They always deliver pretty fast, and it is hot and delicious as usual.  I highly recommend.Service was great. Mel rocks! Pizza was even better. "Macho Man" is where it's at yahurd!I have eaten at this place twice. Both times I got a large pizza with the meats, a Large Caesar Salad and we got the cheesebread. Everything was delicious. The only knock on this place is the location and the prices are steep but that is to be expected in the CBD. 
From the looks of other reviews their Delivery service must be complete garbage. So I wouldn't bother ordering delivery from here. I picked up my order both times so I don't have any comment on the delivery procedures. And the food itself was fantastic.The girl behind the counter greeted us immediately entering the establishment. Offered us menus. Was patient about questions we had. The food (L Magazine Supreme & S Lagniappe & cheese bread ) took 15 to prepare. We went around midnight they close at 2am. Pizza was the best I've had in a while. Hot fresh. Ingredients tasted fresh and it was sooooo cheesy. Perfect crust. Very relaxing atmosphere. Plus they deliver. I want to try every pizza now.So many creative pizza options! The Aphrodisiac is my personal favorite. The guys who run it are great, too!I love my extra cheese pizza, but this restaurant and its artisanal offerings was enough to satisfy me and my friend. They also automatically provide ranch. Final star...it's a Coke restaurant!Our favorite splurge/hangover delivery pizza!! When they get it right, they get it RIGHT! There has only been one or two times where we got a dud pizza, but for the most part, it's legit and we rave about it. Love the ranch dip that comes with the pizza.While on vacation we ordered two pizzas and a spinach artichoke dip from here. First, the food was supposed to be delivered in 45 minutes but it ended up not arriving for 1 hour 15 minutes. Second, the delivery driver was a jerk (and I hadn't even complained about anything). Third, the pizza was over cooked. The crust was hard. The pizza tasted ok (average). I think we would have been better off just calling Domino's or Pizza Hut.Magazine Pizza is my new favorite pizza place! Their buffalo wings are delicious, and so far, all the different pizzas have been excellent. The farmer's market pizza has roasted zucchini and other veggies, the cheese pizza is FULL of cheese, and the Supreme had THE best tomato sauce I have ever tasted on pizza. Online ordering is fast and convenient, and delivery is usually at my door in less than an hour.What a treat this was! As a visiting vegetarian i found it VERY difficult to find food in the French Quarter that I could eat. Not only did this place have a wealth of choices which were easily customizable but they delivered too. What a great experience and the food is delicious! The Farmers Market pizza with gluten crust was truly good; probably one of the best pizzas I have ever had. The spinach salad was crisp and refreshing and then there's the OMGcalzone; simply wow. Well done guys!I've walked by this place many times and the decor is minimal so I wouldn't generally recommend dining in.  You go to Magazine Pizza when you need something delivered and I have to say the Supreme pizza was pretty good.  I haven't heard great things about the sandwiches but the pizza is definitely one of the best options (along with Reginelli's) for delivery in the LGD.  It's certainly not the best ever, but definitely an A-OK place that is worth an occasional order for delivery.We ordered pepperoni pizzas tonight and they were sooo good! I love that ranch dressing was added and it is the best ranch I've had in a long time. I have four super picky kiddos that loved the pizza tonight. Delivery was pretty quick and they were open on a holiday--July 4, so that was also great!I literally just got on my iPad to write this review after eating my delivery. While vacationing in NO from Baltimore, I needed some lunch after putting my daughter down for a nap. The receptionist was helpful, patient and courteous. The food was delivered on time, the deliverer was pleasant and most important of all, my pizza hit the spot.  While the wings were only average, it wasn't that big of a deal.Hands down the best pizza in New Orleans, and Madison Blome agrees!
Lagniappe, Chicken Pesto, the Hangover, the Philly and the Hot Mama are the five best pizzas I've ever had :)Great pizza! The cheese is so yummy and so  much of it. The hot mama is super spicy yumm. Really quick for pick up on the way home from CBd. Accommodating and friendly  staff.Visiting NOLA for a conference. I didn't feel like going out to eat so I ordered from Magazine Pizza. They said it would be 45 minutes but it got to me in 30! The delivery girl was super nice. The pizza was hot and so yummy! If you're ever staying at the Hilton Riverside and want pizza, don't order from Domino's or Pappa John's. Order from Magazine Pizza. You won't be disappointed...I wasn't.We ordered large grilled chicken, lg farmer's mkt veggie, lg pepperoni plus a chicken avocado wrap that came with fries. Total $65. They said 45 minutes it was delivered in 30 minutes. ..very nice delivery girl. Pizza delicious, nice sized fed 9 of us with left-overs.I am a frequent customer at the CBD location (it's close to work), and tonight I have ordered delivery from the Mid-City store. I was injured during a parade I was marching in last night and anything requiring 2 hands (like preparing dinner) is impossible.  It's Halloween,and they told me my food would be here in 45 min.  That, in itself is awesome.  You guys ROCK!  I am kinda fussy when it comes to pizza, and this is quite good IMHO!  Have also had their BBQ shrimp poorboy, and a house salad with the BBQ shrimp.  REALLY  GOOD, and love being able to get shrimp that is not fried.  Mange!!!!
My pizza arrived right on time, and it was still HOT! You have saved Halloween for me, at least a little bit. Thank You