Excellent tasting Po-Boys but it could have had mire catfish, pretty skimpy.
Service, very good.Great place to get out of the New Orleans heat. Great cold drinks, yummy appetizers and tasty Po'boys!This place has really good food and the service here is amazing! Everyone is super nice and quick to accommodate! I would definitely recommend for others coming to the area!This is the best shrimp and grits I've ever tasted. The cornbread is unique and tasty. The service was amazing.  I will definitely be going back.Really good food and friendly, helpful servers. The etouffee loaded fries were really great. I had the pot roast Po-boy and it was delicious! The only thing that wasn't great was the kid's burger. My son didn't really like it, but they are known for they're Po-boys so stick with those.Awesome Saturday lunch here. My party was seated with no wait. Even on the touristy part of town, the restaurant was very clean and the service was friendly and prompt. Food (3 po-boys) came out super hot and quickly. The dressed shrimp poboy was delicious. The onion rings were a little greasy but still good. YUM. Fun decor and bar, tooGreat seafood selection combined with outstanding  service. Menu choices were great. Enjoyed our dinner and drinksWe had the pleasure of dining at Mahoney's on Friday, August 31st at about 7:30pm with a party of two. This was our first time ever at this restaurant chain.
We arrived and were promptly seated at a table by the window.  The interior of this restaurant is very classy casual, and we enjoyed the environment.  
For our party of two, we decided to share the Buffalo fried oysters, the Etouffee Fries, and a fried shrimp Po Boy.   We thought all of our food was delicious, really yummy.   The fries and oysters were amazing!  
We enjoyed our visit and there are definitely other menu items we would like to try.  The reason for the one star deduction is that our server definitely made it clear that for some reason she was irritated.  I'm not sure if she would have rather been at home or if there was another reason; however, she was very short and snappy.  She clearly was not presenting genuine hospitality.Ate here with my mom on our trip to New Orleans. Overall a decent spot but the food was kinda bland. The customer service was definitely on point. They got us seated and our drinks in no time. Our waitress was on point which is why I granted the restaurant 3stars the food definitely could have been better. We had green tomatoes along with fried fish dinners and oysters.Not as busy as some of the other restaurants we saw in the French quarter but it should be. The food was really phenomenal and the service was great. It wasn't the fastest but my food made up for it. I got the shrimp dauphin and I loved it. Shrimp, Tasso, artichoke, with a Alfredo sauce spin. My mom got the fried shrimp and homemade onion rings and hers was so good too. We both finished our plates. If I lived here, I'd definitely be back but if I ever come back on vacation, I will be.Their two person sampler is huge and absolutely delicious. A great way to taste different dishes of NOLA. I would recommend a stop for lunch!We had a wonderful catfish dinner with fries, cole slaw and corn bread.  The fries were to die for.  Really, one meal would be enough for two if you were not super hungry.  The service was excellent with great atmosphere and great music.  The manager was friendly and made sure everything was to our satisfaction.  Dinner was reasonable for the french quarter.Went to Mahony's for dinner with my daughter while we were in NOLA. We ordered the shrimp and fried green tomatoe po boy (actually shared it-split in half) because it was huge for just one person. I ordered the spicy potatoe salad and my daugher ordered french fries.
Service was awesome, we were greeted by the lovely hostess and our server Cookie provided us with top notch service and had a lovely personality (southern hospitality).  The restaurant is very nice, classy and modern.  
We also ordered dessert bread pudding with ice cream.  This is not your regular bread pudding. It is made somehow like an ice cream cake with carmel drizzled on top ( I requested on the side).  It is to die for.  Everything on the menu look great and tempting and the portion sizes very large.  We enjoyed every bit of our dinner and can't wait to return in the near future.Honestly, the food is very good. The ambience is excellent. My only reason for giving a 4 star is because the staff & bartenders are ONLY dealing with the fellow staff and fellow bartenders! There is NOOOOO focus on the people they are servicing. They are more worried about getting along and talking with their fellow staff members. And that is sad, because honestly this place is perfect-- clean, good is respectable ( I mean with the exception of the too spicy red beans... too hot, no seriously- like ridiculous). I will come back but they gotta get this mix of service, product and ambience right--- they have ALL the "right stuff" to do it. Manager(s) didn't even come ask us why we thought the beans were inedible.... just credited the ticket (and the restaurant was only about 40% full). Keep up the good work... needs some
Tweaking but nothing bad. Product good.This place was amazing and I highly recommend it. The service was really nice and I was seated with no issue. I ordered the 6 inch peacemaker po'boy, the small gumbo, and the small etouffee (I was hungry) along with a schooner beer, the great raft southern drawl. 
The peacemaker was really good and although the seafood was fried it tasted pretty fresh. There may have been slightly too much mayo but overall that may just come down to personal preference. 
The etouffee and gumbo were both fantastic and I'd be hard-pressed to choose my favorite. The beer went along super well with the food. 
My waitress Cookie I think her name was, was fantastic. I will definitely come back whenever I'm in New Orleans.The peacemaker Po-boy with oysters is a must try. I also discovered the ham and cheese is delicious. They bake the ham with root beer, brown sugar, etc which gives it a syrup like glaze. If you like sweet & salty together you should try it.Great service, food is almost as good. Oysters were the best I've had on this trip to NOLA. Definitely recommend for lunch dinner is good but not as good as lunch. Drinks (not the kids type) are very good. Definitely worth the price and I will definitely go back every time I am in the French Quarter.Tim was our waiter and he was so friendly and nice. He make great suggestions and I went with the Gumbo and Shrimp PoBoy. I was just visiting for the weekend but will deff come eat here whenever I come back.This place is just amazing the food here is so so so good it's fairly new but it is nothing short of amazing! Our waiter Jonathan (i think) was amazing I truly just loved to hear him speak ;) he was so kind and extremely informational with the area. We enjoyed the gumbo, which came with a mini taste of their potato salad, the red fish meal, and Po-Boy, and also the fried chicken and truffle fries the mule and Nawlins lemonade was strong and sooo yummy! . I love this place the also have bad ass cars located inside of the restaurant. I loved visiting this place and so did my family!Me and my wife were on our honeymoon I wanted to try this place cause the food looked good The food was ok my wife got the chicken salad but the chicken wasn't good I got the seafood platter, I really liked it was beautiful. The service we got was really bad it was like we had done something wrong to the lady that was serving us didn't ask us for drinks then just took the drinks away when we finished without asking if we wanted more. Also wouldn't have mind having dessert but as soon as she came back and we finished our food she gave us the check. To our surprise the minimum gratuity we could give was 18% honestly she did not deserve that.Great place. Atmosphere is awesome. Customer service is on point. And the food is wonderful. Must order the shrimp and grits. Nothing like your use to...in a delicious way.This food was ahh-mazing! The owner was so nice and our waiter Kevin was so patient and kind. We had a huge party and they were very cooperative with everything. We appreciate their service, 5 stars!!!!We stopped in for a quick snack since we had dinner planned in a few hours. We had Pimento Caprese which was pimento cheese over fried green tomatoes and arugula. Awesome! Next we had buffalo oysters which is how they sound, served with blue cheese. Excellent.
My wife had the Bloody Mahoney which is their version of a Bloody Mary using infused bacon vodka and garnished with candied bacon.
She loved it. We noticed the other food being served and noted we would try one of the Po-Boys and the thin cut onion rings on our next visit to NOLA.What an EXCELLENT experience!!  The Food Portions are HUGE, and our waiter, Kevin, was Fabulous!!  We fly for an airline, so we travel all over the country, and we will definitely be back!!  The bread was suburb on the po-boys, crunchy, yet soft in the middle... baked in house!!  The appetizer onion rings, and fried pickles were to die for!!  Can't wait to try the fried green tomatoes next time!!  Definitely a MUST VISIT Experience!!!Really enjoyed this restaurant. Was seated quickly on a busy weekend with great service. Everyone enjoyed their meal: Gumbo, Shrimp Po Boy and Grilled Redfish topped with Shrimp. Yum. I would return to this restaurant.Amazing food and atmosphere.  Started with the Homer's Crawfish Almondine, followed up by 2 Po-Boys, the shrimp and their famous "Peacemaker."  The best Po-Boy I've ever eaten.  The fried shrimp and oysters were to die for.  Our least favorite part of the meal was the hand cut fries, but everything else beyond made up for those.I wanted a shrimp Po boy and checked at yelp for nearby places.   The food was great including the onion strings.  The service was great.  Samantha did a great job taking care of us.   Even the lady that greeted us had a smile.  Next time I come to New Orleans I'll be sure to find you againCold and disgusting seafood gumbo worst service ever experienced in New Orleans and way to expensive for what you get.Delicious food, strong drinks. The one missing star is because of the prices and serving size. Shrimp and grits are a must! Fried pickles are a must!I don't know where to start, The Peacemaker Po-boy is amazing! The debris frys are a must! I could get all wordy but what's the point, that would waste your time...time that could be spent eating here!!!Great service, good food, beautiful atmosphere! The fried pickles were delicious! Also, I had the shrimp po'boy dressed and it was very good.I can't remember the last time I had a catfish po-boy with fish that tender...probably never! Lots of flavor as well. The bread also had a beautiful crust. The onion rings were so good that I may be picky about my onion rings from now on. Sliced thin and battered well - nice and crunchy. Please try them!This was my first time here , from first glance the environment is very friendly and welcoming . You'll deff notice the Ford GT sitting in the dining room stage right :) a nice sight for sore eyes. The bar has adequate room to come in and catch a quick sports game as well as a good selection of different alcohols . As for the food I was in the mood for some red beans and rice, I would give it a 6.5/10 it's a little soupy and I was hoping for a more authentic New Orleans style of red beans . I'll deff be back to try diff menu items , especially because of the staff . Kudos and welcome to New Orleans !I've been in New Orleans for several days and have made a point of eating at as many locations as I can before I go home to North Carolina. Mahoney's was by far THE BEST experience I've had. Our server, Joe, was truly the greatest server we had our entire stay. We came back a second time before we left because of our server. The food is AMAZING. AWESOME size portions. Sauces were great. Management was awesome in checking on our experience. But I have to say Joe made the experience even greater. We'll be back!The food, atmosphere, and service was amazing. Excellent selection of local beers on draft. The sausage Po-Boy was delicious. The arugula salad was fresh and satisfying. Best of all was our server, Cookie, who made our experience delightful and entertaining!Was told about Mahony's by a friend who frequents this restaurant.  I am always looking to expand my NOLA restaurant list.  
Got here around lunchtime and sat at the bar.   Not super crowded but had some good banter with the bartender.  
On with the food.  I was told about the po boys but I love etouffee and this is how I compare restaurants in NOLA. I went to the French quarter location (not sure if that matters).   The crawfish etouffee was delivered and at first site was really excited.  I liked the fact that it was in a bowl, that it had bread with it (gotta soak up the goodness).  The spice built up as you enjoyed the goodness (really liked that).  My only drawback is the lack of crawfish.  Just didn't seem to have enough.  
Really cool looking bar.  Nice look, clean and a friendly environment.  Just such a difference than most places on the quarter.   
I would give this place another try. I would like to experience the po boys and give the etouffee another shot.Great service and no long wait time. Really just stopped in to grab a drink and watch some football but I ended up getting the buffalo oysters as an appetizer. These were really good. I would have ordered more if I didn't have dinner plans and if they were a little cheaper. If you're in the area and looking for a cold beer and some food, this isn't a bad option.First meal in NOLA will come back. Waitress was nice and attentive. She had amazing knowledge or the menu and her recommendations were perfect. The house hurricane hands down best drink.We got several dishes, but the best was the Crawfish Etouffee and the side of cheesey grits. Our five-year-old liked the popcorn shrimp. The gumbo was a little bland but the cornbread was great and added some flavor to the gumbo. The potato salad was way too spicy.Fries kinda cold but poboy was awesome. Lady behind the bar was super cool. Got a double shot of Patron for $8 which wasn't too bad. I think I will return but not this trip!I wasn't terribly impressed with Mahony's. My experience wasn't a bad one, or unenjoyable, just a bit underwhelming. I had the etouffee and the shrimp po' boy. The etouffee was on the thin side, and the crawfish did not seem substantial. The po' boy wasn't bad, but the bread was dry (not crusty-on-the-outside, chewy-on-the-inside, just dry).  The saving grace was the ice-cold schooners of beer. Not cheap, but not expensive. They salvaged my experience. I'd give Mahony's another chance if I'm in town again, but I'd try different items for sure. Except for the beer. That's a winner.Stopped in mid afternoon for dinner after a cemetery tour. There was some sort of mix up and nobody came to our table for 15 minutes. The girl cleaning up after the lunch rush finally noticed and alerted a server. No big deal. My date had 1/2 chicken Po-Boy (minus the marinara) dressed with fries, I had 1/2 shrimp Po-Boy dressed with onion rings. Do not order a full sandwich unless you're one of those eating competition guys. They're enormous. Both sandwiches were very good, I finished the last few bites of the chicken, but wished I hadn't, so stuffed. The onion rings are lightly floured and not a typical "onion ring" but really good. The fries unfortunately were not. Greasy, limp, and we left those uneaten. The restaurant was clean and definitely on our go to list next time we're in town.Got red beans and rice, which was very good. Service was not great and ambiance wasn't really my style. There were two cars in the place.I'm so sad that I don't have a photo of that great pho-boys that they do.
We were in a kind of a rush. 
Arrived at late Thursday afternoon - no line.
In the whole place there were five customers. We waited for a hood couple of minutes to be seated. The waiters here were too relaxed and in to there own vibe to bother paying attention to us. May be it's just my impression (we were in a rush).
I had the beef sandwich with the dressing, but no mayo, and my partner opted for alligator sausage. Food arrived in 15 minutes. It was delicious, even without mayo it wasn't dry, beef was tender and well seasoned. The alligator sandwich was delicious too.
Over all a would definitely come back here without a rush to have a chance to fully enjoy the place.Fantastic eats!!! I highly recommend the Mahoney fish punch bowl if you like buffalo trace bourbon. The debris fries were amazing and very filling. The oysters were large, filling and awesome! We all got different P.O. boy sandwiches and I'm not hearing any complaints. I personally got the alligator sausage poboy and I'm not leaving left overs! Great service, great place, GREAT RESTAURANT!First time visiting and they didn't disappoint! Had the bbq shrimp as an appetizer and the shrimp po-boy. Both were awesome. Staff was friendly and attentive. Will definitely be back when I'm in town again!!Not impressed.  Onion rings are weak and the in a burger kind. Not traditional, don't as a side.  The eggplant po-boy according to my partner was meh. Overall a disappointing looking meal. A definite pass here.Pleasant staff and good food! Had bbq oysters, etoufee fries and shrimp and grits shared with 2 others. Very filling and was nice to taste more that one thing... highly recommended sharing!!Although the one just off Bourbon st was better, our po boys were really good and the gravy fries were good too, although we had a lot more meat at the other one! But still good though.I had the Pimento Cheese BLT Po' Boy with a side of Red Beans & Rice and damn was it good!! Went there for lunch a little before noon on a Monday. Wasn't crowded at all, sat at the bar, friendly staff, comfortable vibe. Two good craft brews and sandwich was perfect break from a day full of meetings.Loved this place!! Stopped here one night on a trip to New Orleans. The shrimp were delicious and the service was awesome. Definitely going to come back when we return to Nola!Delicious food! Definitely a great opportunity to try a variety of traditional Cajun and creole dishes. Shoutout to Brandon C. for the great hospitality and solid recommendations! Try the catfish po' boy and anything craw fish.So here is the good, the place has a great ambiance and the libations were great. The bloody Mahoney was amazing. Now on to the food. We ordered the fried green tomato caprese. It was pretty good (not memorable, just good). The fried pickles were tasty, most fried food is! Then we ordered the peace maker. This is where it went south. The shrimp was downright fishy. My wife took one bite and left it. No offer from the waiter to replace etc. go next door to acme. There is a line for a reason!Great food and great staff! The fried green tomatoes w pimento cheese and onion rings appetizer were awesome. The PoBoys were great! Loaded with fried shrimp on that authentic bread.Amazing food, fast service and super clean. I ate here more times than anywhere else in New OrleansGreat bar, cool cars and delicious food. Brandon was the bomb! Don't miss out on the fried pickles.We were seated right away! The short rib po boy was amazing! Great, friendly staff! Delicious food and clean restaurant!I will give it two thumbs up. It was right around corner from hotel. 
I was not sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. I will back! 
I had the barge. Only because I wanted to try the shrimp, oysters and catfish. The hand cut fries were cooked to perfection And tasty too. 
The shrimp in my opinion needed to be soaked in milk to get rid of the iodine taste. It was cooked perfectly, the breading was just right. It could just be me and my taste buds. I have had shrimp that doesn't have that iodine taste and prefer it that way. 
The catfish was great  as were the fried oysters. 
I know it said barge but I really didn't expect the barge to be as big as it was. Two could defiantly share this one. As there were ample fries too.  
The place is clean and the staff is very professional and helpful. As this was my first time being here. 
They have a fair selection of beers and other adult beverages. 
Defiantly need to give this a tryBad service. I went during the weekday , which  means they're short? After being seated we asked the person, that was clearing the table, for water. He said you'll have to ask the hostess. 10 minutes later the hostess took our drink order. Then the the waitress took our meal order; I'm not sure why they don't cross train for shortages This place was highly recommended by the front desk at our hotel. It was late by the time we left & we were starving, if not for these reasons I would have left immediately. Horrible customer service & over-priced sandwiches.  BTW it was another 10 MINUTES before 4 waters were served & 30 minutes for fried seafood on a bun. The place was crowded, but not without empty tables, so I guess the shortage applied to the kitchen as well.My wife and I went to Mahony's on Iberville Street for lunch yesterday the food was amazing, presentation, flavor and temperatures were on point! Ashley J was our server she gave us personalized service felt like she was our auntie the was she took care and looked after us during lunch. This 5-star review is really to highlight Ashley J. Thank you so much, we'll be back with our son before we head back to DCThe local mule was absolutely delicious. Shrimp Po-Boy and creole slaw was amazing. The restaurant itself was fantastic with great vibe and really nice place to sit at the bar. Highly recommendCame here and had the best sandwich ever! Service was great and friendly staff. Decided this will be the last meal before leaving New Orleans. 
Came in today and it was the complete opposite!
I ordered the Peacemaker and a tea. After a while she set my sandwich down and walked away. By the time I realized she gave me the wrong sandwich she was nowhere in site. It took 15 minutes to get her attention and I asked her "what is this?"
She said "it's the short rib".
I figured she would remember right when she said it. I guess she thinks I said "short rib". 
Anyway she offered to remake it but because it took so long I had to get to the airport. It's nice to be social but you need to check on the customers from time to time.Excellent place. Came here when we discovered Killers Po'Boys wasn't open on Tuesdays.  Glad we did.  We liked Mahony's better.  Selection was huge. Service was great.  Lots of clean, comfortable seating just one block away from the Bourbon Street chaos.  Wait staff knowledgeable and helpful.  They get their bread from Leidenheimers Bakery.  My suggestion is the Grilled Shrimp on Fried Green Tomato with Roumalade.  This combination was invented at the Upperline in 1992 but Mahony's does it justice. Awesome place. We will return.I'm so excited when I get to give 5 stars. Listen people. This is the best potato salad you will ever have. It's the best ever!. The seafood gumbo was solid and how the hell can you not order the fried chicken liver po boy. There is talk of making this into a franchise. Well I want in. Call me.
Did I mention the potato salad?
I love places that aren't afraid of bold flavors and spices. Cant wait to go back.Ashley is the funniest and best bartender I have ever been around! Oysters were great and the wings made it onto my top 5. Definitely a favorite in my book!We stumbled on this place which was next door to our hotel. This restaurant is really nice. It has nice sports cars inside the restaurant! Ok... I was supposed to talk about the food. The food was excellent!! We ordered the Alligator Sausage Po-Boy & Seafood platter! It was the best Po-Boy in town! The food is so much better than anywhere I ate here in French Quarter. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Great atmosphere! I highly recommend this place! Will definitely be back when I am back in town!Great chow.    Authentic.  Excellent service.  Booze selection is awesome.   VERY affordable.  Fun atmosphere.   Right near the action.   Big surprise after a dozen trips to New Orleans.   and I will definitely be back!Glad this NOLA institution finally found its way to the French Quarter! They are renowned for their po-boys, and my to-go catfish version early in our weeklong visit did not disappoint! That was accompanied by a generous order of their thin-cut onion rings, and I now definitely believe the "voted nation's best" claim. Both items made me look forward to a weekend return with some local friends, where we sampled several more items, and enjoyed attentive & thoughtful service (which is especially important to me, since most of my kids have been servers, including a couple in our party). I was particularly pleased with the fried shrimp on my platter, definitely very jumbo and lightly breaded, and the comparable po-boy was wolfed down by a younger table mate. Another tried the Grilled Shrimp Remi, and was similarly pleased. There are no shortage of other traditional and specialty po-boys, over 20 by my count, several other seafood platters, plus multiple Cajun staples, like the red beans & rice polished off by another of our crew. The drinks that were sampled were all very well received, from the mojito to the root beer float, and the bananas foster ice cream was chilled goodness. This has just risen to near the top of my go-to NOLA joints!The shrimp po'boy is so good. Ty is a good server. Highly recommend this place. Omg, soooooo good.Friendly service, great atmosphere, drinks, and food!!! Very clean. Would definitely recommend this place!A hole in the wall with excellent po-boys! Cash only but they have an ATM on premise.So we discovered this place on the rush of the night and it turned out that this place was bought out by another establishment. So we were shocked to see a full restaurant and bar set up there. We walked in just in time before closing. You could tell the staff wasn't too excited to let us in as they were closing in a handful of minutes but the hours online didn't say that. We were trying to be nice and took them to go. We know how the restaurant business work and people wanted to clean up and go home. Good solid sandwiches. They hit the spot. The one that I recalled was the gator sausage the best. Totally worth it.We've been in New Orleans almost a week and we've had a lot of oysters, including from several mainstays here and these are by far the best ones we've had.  Fresh, clean, wonderful.  
Get this Bloody Mary man...We were visiting New Orleans and stopped here for a po-boy.  The regular po-boy you could get with shrimp or fried oysters or both.  It was a huge sandwich so you definitely get you money's worth on top of all the fries it come with.  Definitely could share or be happy taking leftovers home.  It was very filling and good.
Service was great.  The only thing was the credit machine went down but we only had to wait a few minutes before it was back up and we were able to leave. 
They also have a bar as well if you are looking for something casual to watch a game.  I got the Mahoney drink while I was there and it was delicious.What's funny about here is they may have the best oysters one had in NOLA. Had the shrimp poboy. I should have ordered the small one because it was a lot of food. Bloody Mary was great too. Only think is the bread was a little crunchy for Ky taste. Overall, it was outstanding.On my Sunday po-boy adventures we decided to stop into Mahony's in the French Quarters. I've been to the Magazine location several times and they never disappoint but different locations have different cooks so there we were. The location isn't very convenient if you're traveling by car and need to park but for tourist in the area it's perfect, we lucked up and found a spot just a few feet from the door. We ordered the fried crawfish almondine and it was soooo delicious and perfect for sharing. We also ordered the shrimp po-boy (duh) and a hamburger po-boy. The shrimp of course was good but the bread was a bit stale (hard) for my taste on both sandwiches. The waitress told us that was not normal so I can somewhat give it a pass. The hamburger was sort dry but I didn't expect too much from a burger at a po-boy shop. We had a couple drinks, I wasn't too fond of the raspberry in the el Diablo but that's just my taste, the drink wasn't that bad. The margarita must have been pretty good because my sis ordered two and she's way harder to please. The staff was super friendly and patient. Our table was up against the window which I love a nice view and put the way of too many random people. All in all I would recommended it to others but I'll only be back if I'm in the area. On to the next po-boy adventure. LolThis place was actually my second choice to the restaurant across the street. Boy am I glad that I came to Mahony's. This place was amazing. The staff was wonderful and we didn't have to wait long for our food at all. I had a shrimp po boy, ettoufe and their amazing onion rings. OMG!! This is definitely a place to stop and grab a bite to eat without the busyness of being on bourbon street but close enough for the action.Great service, asked for a station change on the main screen and was promptly rewarded with the NBA playoff game.  Good atmosphere, and would recommend the blackened redfish.The wait staff is lovely. Ash was our server. So kind and quick. Food was fantastic. I had the oyster po-boy. Wish I could go there regularly as I live out-of-state.This was my first po-boy, and I loved it! I ordered the dressed fried catfish po-boy with fries. Our waiter was very kind but seemed to miss my order, for everyone in my group was done eating before my food even came out. A bit unorganized but I would definitely eat here again despite the mix up!