First time in NOLA, and all I have to say is this place from the outside does NOT do its food justice.(clutches my pearls) but bay beeee, the shrimp n grits were to die for!!! Since this is my FRIST time in New Orleans I wanted to tatse a lil bit of everything, and I did jus that, ordered the seafood sample as well, it had grilled shrimp, jalapeño hush puppies, fried oysters, crab cake, grilled fish slaw and this ahmazing tarter sauce!!! LOVED EVERYTHING IN THE PLATE. I also ordered " The Taste of New Orleans" which had a cup of  crawfish Étouffée, a cup of red beans and rice with Andouille sausage, and a cup of Gumbo!!!! Yes YES AND oh my god YES!!!!!!!!!! I knew the food would be good dwn here but I wasn't expecting all that flavor and spices.Pretty good. Much more expensive than other restaurants in the area, no drink specials or lunch specials but incredible service. Huge portions, divide and conquer. Try the Mambo's oysters! They're one of a kind!Good food, generous portions. The Crawfish Poutine "appetizer" is delicious and enough for two!Best shrimp and grits i've ever had. will definitely recommend and will return. staff was fantastic.This is a hidden gem. We wanted to stop someplace and have cocktails on a rooftop patio. We found this place on yelp. It's very unassuming. When you go to the restaurant there's a bouncer who radios in when you tell them you want to go to the rooftop bar. You walk through a very small restaurant that's unassuming. You head back to the elevator and another person radios upstairs that you'll be coming up. You enter a modern elevator to the top floor which is another bar and rooftop dining area .
Up on the roof there are tables and a lounge area. The view is pretty awesome. We had some cocktails and enjoyed the sunshine which was a treat given the previous day had been cold and rainy.
Service was great. I would definitely go back here on my next trip to NOLA.Really great local flavor grub. Good local beer and a fantastic staff. Juan knows how to steer the ship when asked for recommendationsWow this place was amazing! First time in New Orleans and was looking for a good seafood meal and Mambo's did not disappoint.
We have never tried alligator so we started off with ordering this and it was delicious!
Waitress, who was wonderful recommended the Blackened Red Fish with Jalepeno hush puppies and that too was outstanding!
The service was great, food even better, we strongly suggest you try this restaurant!!Excellent sea food! Our server (Huey) was great. We had a taste of everything (large party) . Very accommodating, fast service. Totally worth the price, couldn't eat it all.The food came out pretty fast and the service was amazing. We asked out waitress for foods we should try around New Orleans and she ended up writing a whole list for us to try! She was really helpful and understanding.Server Sarah was good. The food is overpriced, but better than you might expect on Bourbon Street. The air conditioning is very welcome. Beers are fairly reasonable. A welcome respite from the madness outside.Great food-crab cake pasta to die for. Jambalaya gumbo great as well, good attentive service.. will come again.OMG best food of our trip in New Orleans! 
I had the Blackened Shrimp Alfredo that our server Christina recommended and it was sooo bomb! 
I would also say that it's worth it to get the New Orleans bread pudding with ice cream! If you can get Christina as your server you'll be the luckiest person ever, she was amazing and super sweet!So first of all, check in when you get there. You'll get freebies for your first check in.
Drinks are decent, food is also decent. Get a window seat if available, since you can people watch while eating. Expect drunk people to ask you about the food, so if you aren't into occasional (good-natured) interruptions, grab a rooftop seat or sit somewhere out of the way.
We stopped here for snacks prior to getting our drink on. Get the seafood platter, it will feed 2-3 people EASILY, and is pretty inexpensive.
We stopped in on a Wednesday so there was no wait, and the staff was friendly (though pretty new). I'm sure you'll get good service on a busier night too.Stopped in for a sandwich, got a lot more! Friendly staff helped me figure out my touristy afternoon and the food was delicious. Alligator bites appetizer (blackened is good, plain ol' fried is better) and a tender and flavorful buffalo oyster po'boy made my dayGreat food and great service. Even with the COVID crap going on. Lovell recommended an incredible dish. Wish I'd taken a picture. Highly recommend.Very nice place with wonderful people. We had our dog with us so they took us to the courtyard so we could have dinner. Our server was amazing and made some good recommendations. The food was good nothing out of this world but great taste and everything was hot when it got to the table.  Overall excellent service and great food!The seafood a service were great ! My favorite part of the meal were the oysters ! My only comment was the wait for the food but that is not atypical for a restaurant on bourbon streetI stopped by this restaurant and wanted something to eat. I ordered the gator bites, half fried and grilled. They were great! The restaurant was very clean and the men's bathroom was spotless.
I will return to try more food on my next trip, but so far, so good.If you're looking for authentic New Orleans food then this is the place to go. The food was beyond compare to any of the other restaurants my wife and I have been to since being here. Try the Alligator Kickers w/ Remoulade sauce. So good! The Oyster Rockefeller was delicious, along with everything else there. Come to Mambo's. You'll certainly love it!Food service excellent. Being able to eat on Bourbon Street a plus. I was impressed by the quality of the dinners we had. I had planned to go to one of NOLA old legendary restaurants for dinner that evening. They had a host on the street who was telling us about Mambos and he convinced us to try the food. We were. To disappointed. They serve all 3 meal periods but we were very pleased and will return on our upcoming visit.Best food in the entire city!
Roof top is very nice, inside is nice, great place. Food was amazing.In a sea of restaurants located on Bourbon street ,Thos place was recommended by a local resident and this place was awesome ! Great food and drinks   and they have a great balcony too ! Be sure if you go
Here to ask for Hosi ,She was our server and was on her game ! Fast and friendly and if her boss is reading this ,she defiantly  needs a raise :) Good waitresses are hard to come by and you certainly don't want to
Loose this one ! Thanks guys and we will be backMambo's got the spot after walking and partying through crowded Bourbon street. I enjoyed the crawfish pasta which was blackened crawfish tails in a creamy Alfredo penne pasta. We also tried their chargrilled oysters. Their mambo oysters were chargrilled with a creamy type sauce. They were good and I recommend you try them. The service here was excellent as well.The food was great and Juan at the 2nd floor bar was super cool. We were originally waiting for a seat to open up outside on the patio but ended up staying at the bar chatting with Juan instead. He made great menu recommendations and chatted with us about cool things to see/do as it was our first night on NOLA. If you stop in go visit Juan.First and foremost. The garlic bread is phenomenal! We were able to get a table the night after LSU #Alumni won the National Championship in Nee Orleans #GeauxTigers. The crawfish nachos were the best nacho appetizer I've ever had before. Creamy, not too rich and seasoned properly. The Cajun twist on the pasta was good. Unbeknownst to me the shrimp and grits entrée took the lead against my pasta. Wonderful place to eat! Our waitress Patricia was honest and forthright. Great Job!!!We stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner. Got a table quickly and ordered right away. Had the spinach dip (average, they all taste the same). Wife had the bbq shrimp and grits m, and I had the alligator Po' boy (undressed). Wife loved hers and I really enjoyed the alligator, weird, since I don't usually like seafood. Waitress was in training, but was on point.Don't let the location fool you - the second floor of this place is very nice - a quiet break from the Bourbon street hustle.  We had the Jambalaya pasta and it was AMAZING!  Nice lemon drop as well made with Citron vodka - just the right balance.  A far cry from the well drinks in the bars.Good service, decent food on bourbon street. I had the red fish and po boy both of which you can find better options nearby. But if you are looking for a decent place with good AC on bourbon street go for it.Great place! We came here earlier this week for lunch an has a Great time so we decided to come back for dinner!
So delicious and the service is great. Leo was our waiter and he was very attentive and polite.Horrible horrible experience and I didn't even started eaten as yet. I ordered a sprite and started to drink only to find two grains of rice in my drink.Best food we have had in NOLA during our week long trip here. I made it my personal mission to try the chargrilled oysters at every place we went to- these were by far the best. Best fresh oysters as well. Crawfish Etouffee was excellent, seafood fry platter was awesome too. Planning to go back one more time before we go home.Got into town on a Friday and left on a Monday. I spent Friday, Saturday, and Sunday at this place in some capacity lol. The food is great. Red beans and rice, gator bites, oysters, and the drinks. You can't go wrong anywhere. Everyone who worked there was nice and enjoyable. They have a sit down outside rooftop area where my boy Glenn was throwing it down. You have to stop at this place and enjoy everything it has to offer. Wish we had one in DC.Was here for my sisters' birthday and we decided this was the spot because of all the fabulous reviews. We were not disappointed! No better way to begin a trip than eating at great restaurant with stellar service and food. Maddie was so amazing, helpful, and friendly! Brooke was shadowing as well and when we came back a few nights later, she remembered us and made sure to say hi again.
Everything from the service to the fresh oysters, crawfish etouffee, to the Cajun Jambalaya Pasta...MOUTH WATERING. Wow! Crawfish etouffee was what I ate the first time. But on our second visit, I made sure to order the jambalaya pasta. And note, rooftop seats are first-come, first-serve. With COVID-19, all tables weren't being utilized to comply with CDC guidelines and enforce social distancing. The rooftop was great. I hope your experience will be as great as mine. :)It's so cold in here, and they will not accomodate. Food was marginal for New Orleans style fare. Way to expensive for fried everthing. I am being generous with 3 stars because Our waitress was a delight. 
Skip this! Go to a food truck.Amazing food, drinks, and service! A must when in New Orleans! I had the Gumbo, blackened red snapper with turnup greens, and pecan pie. Delicious!Awesome roof top seating. Everyone was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Food was wonderful with nice size portions. Obviously a somewhat new restaurant because everything was clean and shinyMe and my group were walking by and didnt want to go anywhere crowded. Best choice we made. This has been the best food we ate since we have been here. I would recommend the mambo oysters.Great food and great drinks! Ask for Glenn!!! He's going to recommend the best and breakdown the menu. Glenn is the BEST !First time in New Orleans and this was the first place that popped up as we were leaving our hotel to walk bourbon street and I gotta say it was a good choice food wise.... cocktails.... maybe lay-off the premix shet and do it correct with a mixologist that does uniquely!!A personable guy at the door practically lured my friends in with the promise of alligator nachos (the day's special). I heard they were great. In fact, everything was great - gumbo, oysters - all of it. Our server Christina was friendly, funny, and knowledgeable!Excellent food! Do not leave without trying the bread pudding, it is absolute money!!! Adrian J. was our server and did an outstanding job!!Came here on a cold night and it was too cold in here for my liking-but I do see that absolutely no one cares about this but me :/ Anyway we came for a kind of late dinner on a Thursday and were seated immediately. The server (Huey? Joey?) was amazing and none of his recommendations were wrong. I had the carnival pasta and had the shrimp and crawfish blackened. Sooo good. The sauce was in abundance, the pasta al dente, and it wasn't super salty. The lil garlic bread on the side looked like nothing to pay attention to but do not sleep on that bread. If I'm ever back, I'll definitely make another stop here.Highly enjoyed our meal.  The shrimp and grits was great and very flavorful.  The shrimp were large and the bread..excellent. blackened redfish lafourche was awesome and highly recommend to order.  Last was the pecan brownie...  Mind blown!   Excellent and very nice dessert.I ordered the bbq shrimp appetize and ceaser salad, perfect for one person...whitney was AMAZING, she split our order without asking who ordered who. Tommy brought us is, so beginning to end it was perfect. Honestly great service all the way around and food. OH! Order the strawberry blended margarita.For this being a restaurant on Bourbon, I was pleasantly surprised! The food was so good, and Christina was the best! She was so helpful with everything, so definitely ask for her when you go!The food is delicious! Dining on the upstairs balcony was great! I definitely recommend this place!Felicia deserves the 5 stars. She is kind, friendly, and gave great recommendations. The food was good, but not 5 star worthy.This spot is right on bourbon street and a block from our hotel which was a win. I stumbled upon Mambo's thanks to yelp and I'm so glad I chose to eat here! 
The service during covid has been quite nice, no long waits, nice and clean. 
The food is all so AMAZING! From the gumbo to the crab cakes. The oysters were fresh, the food hot and succulent! Definitely going back on our next trip to NOLA.It's definitely a hole in the wall & for being on Bourbon Street the pours are stingy.  HOWEVER, the crayfish etouffe was very good! My husband and I shared a portion. Views are great from the rooftop. Worth a drink & a share!Mambos was an awesome experience.  We were on the 3rd level dining.  Our waitress was Patrica and she was an amazing waitress.  She was very friendly, funny and a genuine person.  The food and drinks that were suggested was true Cajun southern hospitality.  Definitely return to mambos.Food was pretty good. The oysters had way to many shell pieces when you ate them grilled. The Taste of New Orleans was lacking in flavor and the Red beans and rice was barely warm. Could have been better for the price.Food was fabulous! We had blackened alligator, mambos oysters, and the vegetarian pasta (added blackened chicken). If you check in on yelp you get a free dessert. Bread pudding was just ok. The service was a little slow, but I'd still go back again.I don't recommend delivery. The portions of my $24 Cajun Jambalaya Pasta isn't very fulfilling. It's very tasty, just wished it was a full portion. The kids loved their fried shrimps and alligator po boy sandwiches.Great experience at Mambo! The food was great. We had the seafood platter and the ribeye steak. The red beans and rice were delicious! Get the crab cakes!! The service was AMAZING! Our server Daijnae was WONDERFUL. She was so friendly and attentive!Food was ok. Pretty expensive for what you get. Rice and beans for $19.99 is a lot to me but it is on Bourbon St so they are gauging the tourist. Service was decent. The bread pudding was very goodLiterally one of the best roof top experiences I've had and this is coming from nyc and houston living. Amazing service and the view is phenomenal. Had a blast here. Glenn is the man I promise you thatDecided to stop here since we are visiting from Long Beach, CA. Service was amazing thanks to Ponce and our hostess Robriyion! We ordered the alligator and crawfish nachos and Rockefeller oysters ! We were told these were a must, but the whole menu is great! Would highly recommend, such a friendly atmosphere! Finishing up our visit with a Passion Punch!Patricia is the BEST!! I'm from Maryland and she was very helpful with places to see. Loved her personality and service was on point. She went in depth when explaining the menu and specials. 10/10 recommend her and make sure you request here!Excellent customer service! Our server Ashley was so sweet and made us feel right at home! 
Helping staff was very attentive and also very sweet. Food was FIREEEE and authentic. 10/10 would do it again!!This was my favorite place to eat in New Orleans. I loved the decor. We had alligator for an app. Surprising to me, I loved it. The staff was very friendly. I had the bbq shrimp and grits. I think they may have been one of the best things I've ever eaten! My husband had the oysters, which he loved. We topped it off with pecan pie, a free dessert from Yelp! Thank you! I can't wait to return!The staff is top notch!  The atmosphere is wonderful. The food is good. The management is doing a great job!"Alligator po-boy was slammi".
"Shrimp Alfredo "best i ever had".
"Whitney great server".
"Mardi Gras Mambo "Was the best".
"Gumbo is absolutely amazing".
-Group of 4.This food was excellent!! As a tourist, I was looking for New Orleans style seafood and this place was superb. Leah and Quincy were EXCELLENT!!! The food was amazing and the service was even better. Best restaurant in New Orleans.The Oysters here are quite nice.  We liked the way it was prepared. NoLa special.  We are not a big fan of Oysters, but it was recommended by the waitress.  Definitely recommend this Item even if you don't eat oysters regularly.  We also ate blanketed fish with greens.  The fish went well together with thee sauce and the greens.Great service and staff! Came here on a Friday night with no wait after walk down Bourbon Street and picking a random restaurant. I had the red beans & rice and Fried chicken...delicious!Had the carnival pasta. Simply delicious and was delivered hot and fast. I would eat hereExcellent-food, prices, customer service, ambience and music is the best!!! Clean, extremely clean restrooms, drinks are great! You won't regret coming in here!Definitely hit this place up it is amazing. They have a rooftop where you can eat and look down on Bourbon Street. When we went the Sun was shining it was so nice the drinks were great and the music was lit. 
You definitely have to come here hungry though. We split our french fry appetizer and we're almost completely full before our food came. The Mama's style oysters are  and this is from somebody who loves classic charbroiled oysters but I would eat these over and over. The seafood platter has enough food for three people it was amazing it was delicious the tartar sauce was great I cannot say enough good things about the food from this place. I can't wait to go back.Makay was amazing.  She makes the best drinks and her personality is like no other.  Yall come see Makay at Mambo's for good food and phenomenal drinks.  I had the deep blue horizon and my friend had the frozen melon margarita.  Definitely worth the trip.  I will be back again.Hidden jewel on Bourbon Street. Great food, great Service, and clean establishment. Redfish LaFourche is incredible. Amethyst is the server to have. She is outstanding!These Mambos World Famous charbroiled oysters have ruined my life, I have never had such tasty charbroiled oysters. I will definitely miss these when we leave. A must stop if you are ever in New Orleans.We were looking for some late night good food in our trip to NOLA. We were looking for good food and based on the reviews and pictures we thought this was the best option. Boy were we wrong. Bad service, cold food, dirty looks, and frustrated staff. All we wanted was warm food and good service and we didn't even get that. Serves us right for thinking we could get food food straight from bourbon street.This was exactly what I was looking for in New Orleans. Casual and delicious! We loved all the items we tried. Crab cakes, jambalaya, grilled oysters, and chocolate mousse (complimentary with check-in) was excellent! Thank you for a great experience!!!First off, our sever Brian is amazinggg. 10/10 recommend him. He helped us pick our food, and gave amazing tips! We started off with the mambo's oysters, delicious. Hot and fresh. Then we split the blackened alligator Po Boy and Cajun jambalaya pasta, both were heavenly!!! This is a must go too placeWe got in line at 430pm on a Saturday afternoon. The hostess seated us as quickly as possible, and our server, Joshua, was prompt and efficient. Germide was very friendly as well while he cleared our table and brought us our to-go boxes. We will definitely be back!Was cool.  Food was alright... not bad.  Laura was awesome at the bar upstairs.  Not bad for typical bourbon street place.We stopped in for dinner just days after they opened.  Service was great, food was amazing, and vibe was fab.  They did a beautiful job in renovating the space.  Very generous portions.  The rooftop bar is a great oasis to people watch on Bourbon.  We will definitely be back!Great food.  Our server Briana was great. 
The fried fish platter was a large portion. The chicken po'boy left much to be desired. The chicken portion was tiny with a small slice of tomato and a few shreds of lettuce there was literally one single slice of onion on the sandwich. The fries were good, but just regular. I got the days drink special which had sangria and margarita mix. It was tasty and strong, no complaints there.Great food! Great service! Bree was a wonderful waitress. And the bread pudding was to die for!We had a wonderful time last night, food was great, atmosphere really nice and the service by Christina was exceptional.