A classic New Orleans place. Not in your best neighborhood, a dump of a building, but packed with people ordering awesome food. I've had the fried wings many times, and they are spectacular. This time I went Chinese and got the boneless fried chicken, fried rice, and an eggroll. It was the best Chinese style boneless chicken I've ever eaten, hands down- crunchy and not at all greasy like a lot of what you get around town. And the portion is huge, really enough for two, and very reasonably priced. The fried rice was meh but it didn't really matter. The chickie was the star of the show. Can't wait to go back.I literally don't even particularly care for wings, but their BBQ wings here were....splendid. They might be better than Willie Mae's or McHardy's. I'll be back this week for more, I just can't stay away.This place is a real New Orleans gem! It looks scary AF but I've never had a single problem going here and buying 150 piece wings... Hands down best wings in the world! If you want to know New Orleans you have to hit this spot up! You can literally walk in and walk out with 500 Wings in 15 minutes.Not in the best part of town. Probably not the cleanest place. You're typical "hole in the wall" but the best fried wings in New Orleans!!!!To be fair, I have only had their chicken plates -- the fried and barbecued chicken. 
Manchus is quintessential New Orleans corner store food. The food is not mouth watering good, but it's satisfying. 
Their fried chicken are small wing pieces with a spicy kick. The flavor hints at all the spicy flavoring that you would expect from this city. 
The barbecued chicken are small wing pieces as well with -- you guessed it -- some barbecue sauce. It's a typical bottle sauce (combination of sweet and tang).
The plates comes with shrimp fried rice or fries. The rice is pretty basic. Good flavor with those tiny pink shrimp that are the size of a penny. 
Overall, this place is phenomenal after I'm drunk or looking for somewhere to eat after a night out. My orders have always been served hot (temperature), so they were the perfect night cap.Visiting from out of town. You gotta love a place where you not only get panhandled while going in, but also while you are eating your food in your car, lol.  Ordered a 10 piece wing meal for like $6. What a deal!! Comes not only with the wings, which are breaded with a nicely seasoned batter, but with a good portion of fries and a small "salad" if you call it that.  Its some lettuce with some mayo on it.  At first I was like why do they bother with the salad, but after diving into a few wings that spiciness starts to creep up on you and that small little salad is refreshing.  Dont get me wrong, wings are hardly hot hot... but its good stuff!One of the best pillars of NOLA! No trip to NOLA is complete without a visit; the wings are to die for.Manchu is def one of the BEST places in the city! My friends and I love this place, and the fried chicken and wings are amazing.Their chicken was really good! They just closed when I got there but the guy hooked me up anyway. The rice was decent too. The area is sketchy but that's most of New OrleansExtremely efficient rapid service, good food, great neighborhood right off Esplanade Ave.One of the onlyyyyyyy places to go for good affordable wings....the eggrolls are pretty good too.  So is the hot sausage on bun.  Great food.  Seedy outside especially at night but definitely good wings!!If you like chicken wings that are delicious, perfectly seasoned, crispy on be outside but soooooo juicy and fall off the bone good then come here! 
It's in the ghetto. It's not pretty at all. It makes hole in the wall joints look glassy. BUT it beats any chicken wing or wing stop anytime. 
This place is a small grocery store with barely any standing room or parking as it's completely busy and packed. The food was crazy hot and very quickly delivered. 
The fried rice is the standard side of fried rice. I'm sure if you got an order of fried rice it would be more flavorful. 
Pass on the egg rolls. It's the standard Chinese egg rolls with the thick wonton paper and not the awesome Vietnamese light and crispy egg roll. 
Would absolutely make a stop here every time I come into town. Don't pass it up!i mean this is the epitome of what i always speak of my friends..
no one or no thing on this earth can beat asians@fried chicken
the 50pc wing king bling bling is redic - so crispy & greatly seasoned- fried to perfection!!!! there is def crack in the batter & if it aint... u could def buy some in the parking lot
u can also get what i believe to be a n'awlins specialty boneless chicken poboy!!!! 1st off i think boneless chicken in itself is a n'awlins one & only cuz if u ask for it in any other city or state u will get the dumb look ( u know that asian store owner look im talkin bout too!!!) but to get it ona po boy is a ghetto delicacy and im all in!! ya herd!!
word of advice..call order in & run in & run out - or its all over for u!!!!
dont call in & u might as well bring a body bag with u!!!The way people were talking I expected to find armed guards with attack dogs by the front door with a line to go through a metal detector and waiting to get frisked. People wanted to get their order not drama. I must say the service was quick person who took my order was nice the chicken was damn good.  Like the location or not I plan on going back over there when I'm on that side.Seriously this places deserves a FIVE. how? 
I based this solely on...the chicken wings. Holy crud. These wings are amazingggg. I read through a few reviews, and the wings are really that dope. 
Although they aren't fried like Wing Stop or Buffalo Wild Wings, these little fried wings are moist and spicy. Soooo gooooood. I ordered a party tray of these bad boys and it was one of the best dishes I served....from a whole in the wall. Beast...or should I say, "Chicken!" 
P.s. This place is ghetto. And I believe there are two locations?this place is amazing... Im not a New Orleans native but every time I am in town on my way out I make sure to stop here to grab some pipping hot chicken on my way out the door., along with the shrimp fried rice.. If your visiting and you want some of the local food that is there do yourself a favor and get you some manchuMy gf wanted me to try this chicken since this is her hometown and she grew up eating it. It was pretty good...lived up to the hype! The inside is really small so when it's packed, there is no where to stand. However, the prices are good and the food is even better. It was worth the waitAmazing place to get delicious food on the cheap! I only get manchu for special occasions though, don't wanna spoil how good it is by eating it all the time. Chicken from here is a guaranteed crowd-pleaser, I've never met a person who's eyes didn't light up when they see it! What can I say that hasn't been said already? It's crunchy, fried in some sort of special oil so it has a unique taste (peanut oil?) and it's always poppin fresh #PoppinFresh. Ordering from here is easy but I do recommend calling in ahead of time especially during the holidays when it's slammed. #ANewOrleansStaple  #HolidayEntertainingFavoriteGreat chicken wings and egg rolls. A little gritty of a spot but it is a great place to go for cheap chicken that is solid!Ok, it's truly a raw experience.... Those who look for Dives.... This is it" Let's call it your FRY DIVE HEAVEN ... Getting there They're going to try to sell you CD, marijuana socks.. Praline pies.... Push through the wings & catfish are waiting to embrace you.. EnjoyTravel tip: the best recommendations are from uber drivers! This and cajun seafood were recommended by a few uber drivers so i had to try it out. Called in an order for 10 wings with fried rice before i walked over from cajun seafood. I walked in there and was surprised, its a liquor store with a kitchen in the back. Paid for my food (they accept credit cards but also have an atm). Waited a few minutes and got my wings. I was skeptical at first because its a chinese food place but the wings doesn't taste like chinese food at all. They were bomb. You don't need any sauce but the guy gave me soy sauce just in case. Trust me. Buy some wings here and eat at cajun seafood. Would come back next time and try their other stuff.im coming all the from vegas and this place hits the spot! i ordered shrimp po boy, the portion is huge ! its a must! great food & amazing vibes.One of the best places to get fried chicken in NOLA! Especially for parties. Grab a tray of wings for a gameTrust this random stranger on the internet when I say-- the fried chicken is where it's at,  stick to that. The other menu items are so-so.  Be warned, the area is pretty rough and you'll definitely encounter some scary characters but PLEASE don't let that keep you from sinking your teeth into quite possibly some of the best fried chicken you'll probably eat ever in your life. This is where you should be if you want great value for your money & audible crunches from perfectly fried chicken that tastes like it was fried by Minnie from "the Help" or quite possibly angels, because this chicken is downright heavenly.Sketch location, bulletproof glass, beauty products gathering dust and a huge, hungry crowd of locals with cash in hand. Now if that's not legit fried chicken business, I don't know what is. 
This Filipino (?) run kitchen churns out mass volumes of fried chicken, fried rice, fries and even pork chops at a brisk pace to accommodate any party size. We ordered enough to feed a small army and then high-tailed it out of there. 
The chicken is the shining star - crunchy, juicy and addictive. The fries and fried rice were nothing to write home about but we had enough to nosh on for 2 days after. Everyone has a personal opinion on their favorite NOLA fried chicken joint but think this is worth the trek and experience!Cheap and fast food!  This is like a fast food Chinese place plus convenient store in one.  They are known for their chicken wings, which I thought were ok.  You can get 8 chicken wings for $6.19 and gets a little cheaper the more wings you buy.  It also comes with fried rice!  Other items on the menu includes po'boys, buns, shrimp, fish, fried rice, pork chops, meat pie, fries, and yaka mein.  The yaka mein is noodle soup with ham, dried shrimp and green onion.  It was ok.
There's a small private parking lot.  
....| \      _  , , , - - , ,  _  ,      
.../  , ` . - ' ` '             . _   \ -  ;  ;  ;  , _    
..| ,  a  -   )   ) _         . ; .  (   ` - ` -  ' - '   
'  - - - ' ' ( _ / . _ ) - ' ( _ \ _ )Funny to see another review that mentions "crack" and these fantastic chicken wings.  We've called it "Crack Chicken" for years.  1. Because it is so good. 2. Because you could probably score crack there in the evenings.  But it's sooooo good. We got 50 wings for a Mother's Day picnic. They were gone in no time.If you can put your Superman vest on and be brave to come near this establishment...BROWNIE POINTS For you!!! If you don't get scared as soon as you walk inside and try to run away...Brownie and Twinkie points for you!!! This place is rachet and sketchy looking...their chicken wings are good but it's not worth going to again because this place is the most ratchet place I have ever order food from.............. in my whole life!!! A few people told me they have the best chicken wings...so, of course I want to try it. Yes, the chicken wings are good but the location and the establishment itself was: Horrible! A few of us in the car were all debating on who was going to go inside and order the wings!!! There was so many people hanging outside...it looked like a drug and local hang out spot. About 6 half naked girls arguring about what party to go to...one person who looked so high,she kept slumping over and lots of dudes chilling in their cars. It didn't get better going inside...did I just see Bullet proof windows???
Two stars only because the Chicken wings are good BUT the place is unreal...reminded me of a Bodega in the worst part of Brooklyn!AMAZING! 
This place is in a creepy area with homeless people outside, but it doesn't matter. 
Stupid cheap food and the wings are da bomb. I only wish I'd gone days earlier during our vacation so we could go back for more.Little hole in the wall.  Purple building under the highway across the street.  I was never a chicken wings fan but these fried chicken wings were delicious.  Moist, tender, and has a nice little spice kick.  Nothing most people can't handle.  Always making a pit stop here when I am in town.  I would recommend buying 50 pieces just because one bite is just the beginning and you won't be able to stop eating, before you know it, it is all gone.  You do not want to regret that you did not buy enough!gross just gross! the wings are ugh! i can only eat two and after that i have to trash them. too much msg in the chicken batter, the rice is dry and the fries are just "wrong" #donaldtrumpvoiceLocation was shown to me from a friend local to the area. The location is not the best comesticly, yet the food was seasoned good and the ticketing situation seemed not as organized.Awesome chicken, at a great price.  The neighbor is bad with bums 
soliciting for cash outside the establishment.  If u can get past that, your in for a treat.  Take out only.  Beware of going at night.Don't be discouraged by the name,or by the surroundings. Being in the heart of treme you understand the reality. You won't find and wings and fish anywhere better..and at a cheap cost...addicted, you will be...So...I have heard about this place for the three years I have been here and finally got some today. This is some good chicken wings and it was fast!!! The chicken was crispy and seasoning was really on point. So worth the drive out of the way heading back to work. Ordered a 25 piece, split with a friend and still have some for dinner tonight. I will be eating here again, giving up my other wing spot for here.I visited Manchus food store twice while in New Orleans this week. First I will say that yes it is a dirty corner store. But the food is delicious! I loved that the chicken,  fish, shrimp and oysters where hot and very fresh! I also liked the fried rice. I definitely would go again whenever I'm in NOLA.This place is great. I ordered a shrimp po-boy and I could not believe how much food I was getting for that price. That thing was a foot long and stacked high with so much shrimp that, as a certain tour guide said, "you could make another sandwich with just the shrimp that fell off."
This is not gourmet eatery or a refined dining experience. It is unashamedly the complete opposite, and it accomplishes its mission with flying colors. It is cheap, greasy, flavorful, and extremely satisfying in a primal way.
I see that some people here made comments about the surrounding neighborhood. Well, if you are like my mom who is afraid of anything outside her own culture and way of life, you might be terrified coming into this place. But I think you'll be fine. It seems to be popular and crowded so I doubt anything will happen here.
Parking is a bit chaotic, there is absolutely no order to the tiny parking lot, but it was kind of fun! Totally worth the food though.The chicken was on point! It was seasoned well with a little spice, crispy  and hot!!! The rice on the other hand needed so much help. I didnt like it.Man this place serve some pretty darn bitch.... wings. Nice and straight forward take out place. I would totally pay this place a visit every time I'm in NOLA. I've tried both fried and bbq. I personally like the fried more. Grab some wings hit the park and enjoy! Can't go wrong there.Anybody from New Orleans knows this place. Chinese Food is ok but the CRACK (seasoning) they put on these chicken wings makes them one of the best chicken places Ive EVER eaten at.  A MUST stop if you like Chicken.  A Must stop for me everytime I go to the Big Easy.Manchu--the fried food and tall boy den I so affectionately refer to as "Sketch Palace". 
I drove by this purple, cinder-block building for months on my way too and from school and each time I was hypnotized by the delicious smell emanating from it's walls. One day I overheard some people discussing how good their chicken was and I was sold. The next night I braved the passed out bums and bullet-proof glass to order some chicken wings. I went ahead and bought a four-loko, too. It seemed appropriate. The chicken was instantly addictive: crispy flavorful outside with a melt-in-your-mouth, fall-off-the-bone inside. 
The chicken is way too fattening to eat on a regular basis but whenever I feel like eating my feelings I pop in here for some wings or for their shrimp po-boy which is also surprisingly delicious and HUGE for it's price.
I knocked a star off my rating because this place is a real pile of "you know what" on the inside--think bare concrete walls and floor, dark lighting, sketchy characters, random trinkets like late-90s rap CDs and plastic neon religious icons being sold behind the bulletproof glass. DON'T let that deter you though! I can't speak for how clean the kitchen is but the food is worth it!
10/13 edit: Don't order the Yakamein. Not good.Chicken wings taste really good. Place is old and a real hood spot but wings keep you coming back. Can order 100 and they're done in 10 minutesJust simple GOOD GOOD food!!! Nothing else to say, the chicken wings had a kiss of perfect spiciness and the rice just fulfilling. Nothing extravagant, just good food!!!Not bad for hood chicken,I always get the fried rice with brown gravy .I've eaten also in baton rouge location.I gotta agree with Drinky C., this place rocks - if you're cool with the bulletproof glass convenience store type atmosphere. But this is as local "hole in the wall" as it gets. They just recently raised their prices - 50 wings for 9 dollars, you can't beat that (it used to be $7.50!!). 
Oh FYI - it's to go only!!!Came here for dinner. Wasn't in the mood to have chicken in NOLA, but decided to have it. The first bite got me hooked. It's crazy good along with fried rice.Fast service and food was super fresh since we went right when it opened.  Ordered the 10 piece wings with the shrimp fried rice.  I didn't care for the fried rice since it was made with the parboiled rice and had no flavor.  The side salad was just weird with that spoonful of mayonnaise and a slice or two of dill pickle on top.  The chicken wings were delicious and super crispy though.This place is crazy! We had multiple people tell us to head over for some wings and shrimp fried rice- so that is what we did! It is very basic- fried wings (bbq or regular), shrimp fried rice, eggs rolls, and a couple of other dishes. The place is like a small convenience store with nowhere to sit. It is cash only and you go to the window to order (know what you want when you get to the window- the dude does not mess around!). You get a receipt and then they call it out by what you ordered (not a number). The talk super fast and it is really confusing... but, eventually everyone gets their food. You can get double rice for a small surcharge. Overall, the rice is not a beacon of health, but is good greasy takeout. The wings are crispy and meaty! The prices are cheap. It is a fun, different side of New Orleans that Im happy I experienced!Giant shrimp po'boy-- three of us ate half, and then gave the rest to a vagrant.  It was so good...so big.  We couldn't waste it.
This place is where you go if you're a giant hulking man ordering 200-900 wings for you and your homies. It's so much more than a Chinese convenience store!
Come here for a million wings and fried-stuffs for like NO MONEY.  Secretly, the BEST spot in NOLA! Off the beaten path ;)
Snag a miller lite for the road!Really hood area. The actual building is basically a dump. But don't judge a book by its cover. The chicken wings are delicious and the fried rice goes perfectly with it. Probably the best wings in town! Not to mention the bang you get for your buck. The only thing that I don't care for is the mayo on the salad.Some of the best fried chicken in Louisiana. They also have shrimp fried rice, bbq chicken, etc.. I didn't care to much about the BBQ wings, but the fried chicken is the best. I'm giving it 3 stars, because they don't accept debit cards.  I think it's hella dangerous to be walking around in that area with cash.  I also think they need to upgrade that place as well, because it look really old, and really small in the inside..fish sandwich. on a bun. my own cocktail sauce at home. $3. america does deliver. if you bike, park your bike to the right of the entrance, it's the only spot i've found suitable. their chicken is tasty fun but i'm a sucker for the fish bun.By all means everything everyone is saying is absolutely true. This is fucking AWESOME. The portions are the biggest I've seen and for the price is incredible. I can't recommend this place more. There literally is not enough Stars in the universe for this bangin ass place..The food they offer is awesome... very affordable & tasty.  
Wings are great, fried shrimp was very fresh tasting.  
Quite easily the "best bang for the buck" in that area.This location provided catering for our semiannual Conclave. The food was hot, tasty, and on time.We came to Manchu Kitchen's for lunch on our first day of arriving in New Orleans.  IMO, the dangerousness of the place is overblown.  It's not a bad place to be in, at least during the day, and no one gave us any problems. 
We ordered the chicken wings and like the many other reviews here, we thought they were delicious.  The skin itself is crispy with just the right amount of breading, and the meat is also really tender and flavorful.  Even though we were still somewhat full from breakfast when we had the wings, we ended up devouring them in our car.  
For only $6, this place has probably the best wings in New Orleans.I love Manchu's! My favorite is their bbq wings. They're deep fried then tossed in a sweet bbq sauce. So good! I get it with rice and a salad. The staff is nice.Best fried chicken wings you'll ever have. Don't be alarmed, wings do have a kick at the end. They move fast so don't worry about the long lines.I really cannot get enough of Manchu's fried chicken wings. They are seriously the best fried chicken wings I've ever eaten. When you decide to venture to try some of the best fried chicken wings, you should be prepared for your journey. First, you should know they do not take credit cards - cash only! Second, be ready to enter a rougher neighborhood environment; but FEAR NOT because everyone is looking to get some of the best fried chicken you can find. Third, know what you want to order so you don't waste your time or hold up the line (I posted a photo of the menu here, check it out!). Enjoy your fried chicken wings and be sure not to let them get cold or soggy because that would be quite the waste! They do not take phone orders, but you can order a 100 piece tray and receive it in under ten minutes. Furthermore, You should also know that when they say 10 chicken wing pieces that means you could receive six wing tips and four drumettes. Also, I've heard the chinese food is great, but the only reason I'm driving from Jefferson Parish into Esplanade and South Claiborne is for those fried chicken wings.1st visit today was amazing 
Shrimp Yalkamein & wings to-go
Big Mistake!!!!! I didn't get enough! No one put emphasis on how delicious the food is. I almost turned around to get more. They've made it to my top 5 easyLove this place! The chicken is really good and flavorful. I get kinda scared in there, but all and all the food is good and quick! xoxoWon't go back. The supposed good fried wings was not good at all. I'll go to Popeyes or willie mayes. The fried rice was the worst I've tasted. Either it was burnt or had too much sesame seed oil in it. Will stick with Cajun Seafood. Egg roll was as expected. I guess you really have to be bad to mess egg rolls up. And bending down to talk to the cashier through; I guess bullet proof glass, is not my idea welcoming and good customer service. Yeah it may be a rough neighborhood and I understand but I can definitely take my money somewhere else. And on top of all that, the woman working the register was very stand-offish.Literally, the best wings I've had even in Houston. It's definitely a hole in the wall w/minimal parking. We basically did a drive by going in to order and out to eat. It's very lightly battered yet so crispy. I'm glad we made the drive here for a taste.Fantastic fried chicken wings and fried rice with red shrimp. I don't know why the shrimp are red and honestly I don't care cause the food was grub. Totally affordable but very sketchy, inside and out. Well worth the risk!I'm not a crack addict. But thanks to Manchu's I know what it feels to be a crack addict. 
I go here for one thing and one thing only.. to buy my crack. Yes crack in the form of fried chicken wings. Hot spicy crispy chicken wings. These bad boys are SO good that you will never ever EVER look at chicken wings the same way. 
If you have heart problems or weight issue. Please! I urge you DO NOT eat the wings. Matter of fact I must put a disclaimer. I am not responsible for your health when you are addicted to these chicken wings. 
Oh yeah BTW the wings are 50pcs for $20. Tax included. 
The area is not the best. Please don't drive you Lexus here to pick up the chicken. If you get jacked don't say I didn't warn you.I went here because our Uber driver said it was awesome. She was not lying.
Don't be scared of going at night; there are a lot of folks hanging out but they are really nice people who are just trying to eat some amazing chicken. Literally the worst thing that can happen is someone asking you to buy them a meal. 
I got 5 plain and 5 bbq wings for like 8 dollars? How is this place even making money? The wings were phenomenal; different from most wing places in that they are breaded and have a "fried chicken" feel. The plain wings are some of the best fried chicken I have ever had. 
Let's talk about this "bbq" sauce though. I think calling it bbq sauce is selling it short. I got hints of star anise and more interesting spices that I couldn't identify, as well as a fair amount of heat, sweetness and sourness. Perfectly balanced. When they coat the wings in this sauce it's like soul meets sichuan, so naturally I lost my mind and wanted to eat it for every subsequent meal. In New Orleans, y'all. This is my favorite restaurant in one of the best food cities in the world. I hope they keep making chicken forever and the only regret I have is all the trips I took to New Orleans before I knew this place existed.The best fried rice I have ever eaten! I heard the wings go hard. A must try if you are ever in New Orleans!Prepare yourself for the sketchiest, most rewarding dining experience you are likely to enjoy this week.  In terms of ambiance and ease, Manchu Chicken makes Popeye's look like an evening at Commander's (I would have thrown in the phrase "hole in the wall" except that holes in the wall don't usually come with so much bulletproof glass).  In terms of seriously addictive chicken wings, the place cannot be beat; there's a reason the word "crack" appears so much in the reviews for Manchu.
I'm not even going to write this review properly.  I'm just going to throw out some key facts and let you make the right decision.
1) The best chicken wings in the city, hands-down, at 50 for $20.
2) Totally passable and sodium-laden fried rice that somehow complements said chicken perfectly.
3) A location so charming that you simply have to visit it during the day so you can fully appreciate it.  
4) No, seriously, please just go during the day.
5) I think they've found a way to sell every beverage ever made in tall-boy form, so there is plenty to sip on while you play this carnival-style quarter gambling machine and wait for your obscenely large order of chicken wings to take home and eat alone while listening to Hank Williams, Jr.'s cover of 'All By Myself'.  Or you could share them with those you love.The tastiest wings.  BBQ and fried.  The BBQ ones have just the right amount of taste to the sauce.  The fired ones are lightly breaded and just perfect.  Note that when you enter it is scary and disorganized.  The people at the counter speak broken English but they understand all orders and what you are wanting.This is some of the BEST fried chicken I've ever eaten! Its perfectly seasoned and perfectly crispy. My food was ready really fast. This is a place I MUST visit in NOLA.
Aside from the food, there would be no need to go here. It looks like a dirty corner store. Always crowded and a bunch of people loitering.Dirty, grimy, overflowing with people, cheap, and purveyor of delicious heart-warming yakamein. I got the ham. It was hot, spicy, brothy, meaty, salty, and everything I hoped for. Hangover cure for sure. I'll be back for sure.I personally think the fried chicken wings are as good as Willie Mae's.  But this place is cheaper and you don't have to wait in a long line.
If anyone else who reviews this place knocks it for anything else but the food, they are just ridiculous.  Its a 1x$ joint and should be rated as such.  
Again BEST WINGS ever, 5 piece for $4.. can't beat that.Alright, so I went here on my birthday by myself for takeout because I'm somewhat of a fried chicken freak and when in line for Willie Mae's the week before locals had spoken of this place. So, I went here after a workout, clad in my spandex gear. Also, I'm a somewhat small statured Chinese girl. This is all to give you the visual. I stuck out like the sorest of thumbs. The photos sum it up pretty well. Nice Vietnamese peeps behind the bulletproof glass along with possibly the world's largest malt liquor selection. Did I high tail it outta there after my first catcall? Nah. I'm an adventurous lass to say the least. So I patiently waited for my wings while politely interacting with the local flavor in the store. The food was kind of a random assortment and the wings were okay. But, it's a great story to tell!Love love love, since a little girl.. The 8 piece chicken wing plate with shrimp fried rice.. But nah lately it been ordering shrimp on bun sandwich! It was pretty good today and quick although they're always busy!! They always seem to get it right and out quickly!!! I love them always and forever! No place like Manchu... The purple store!Best fried chicken wings in the city!
Who would of thought of good wings at a chinese place?  We got an order of 50 fried chicken wings and it was only $20.  Now that's a hell of a DEAL!  Their chickens wings has a ton of flavor, crispy, hot, and a good bit of spice.  Nothing that will make your mouth burn, but man these chicken wings are like CRACK! (never used crack before) These wings were that addictive!  The moment I put these wings in my mouth, it was like a flavor-train!  CHUT CHUT!  Can you guys tell I love these chicken wings?My favorite place to get wings, especially for a big party. They're cheap, always hot, and delicious.The Wings are absolutely the Best I've ever had.  Totally worth the sprint/dodge in & out the door.  Seriously, Just do it.  And there is 40oz RedStripe :).Manchu is the go to hood chicken joint. The wings are spicy and fried crisp and are one of my favorites the rice I can pretty much do without as its is super salty with dehydrated shrimp but overall the chicken is the star here. Its great for parties and gatherings and cheap if you can get past the hygiene of the place.The fried chicken is really good. Not to sure about the fried rice tho it wasn't all that great to meThe wings are good. I have had better but the chicken is fresh. I'm reading all the other reviews and I must say.. Stop all that bullshit exaggeration about it be so dangerous and you might get shot. Its just like any other hood. Act scared people will play on your fear. The most that happens you will get asked for your change. And it smelling like piss?  I aint smell that. You smell more piss in the French Quarters (Bourbon St. To be exact).
If your eating on a budget and want something good and reasonably priced.
I would take Manchu's over popeyes any day.