This restaurant was very good.  The reason for the 4 stars was just due to price.  It is a little expensive for what you get.  Food was very tasty and service was quick and friendly.  If you have children it is less expensive to split a hamburger po boy and french fries than it is to buy two kids meals plus you will probably have extra. I suggest trying the onion rings and the turtle soup (if you've never had it, it tastes like spicy gravy).Absolutely love Mandina's! The food, the service and the atmosphere, afternoon or evening always delicious, warm and friendly.I can't find anything negative about this place. Just pure southern hospitality all around, even the customers were very friendly.  This is worth the trip...the food will make sure of that. 
We found out about this place by talking up a local who works at the Civil War museum. Because that's what foodies do:)
Amazing place to eat great food! A definite New Orleans "must do"!Literally the worst service I have ever had. Food is fine. Can get better food and certainly better service at dozens of other restaurants like it. Sad, because it used to be great.We wanted to get away from the French Quarter and didn't want anything fried.  So that we did by trying Madina's.  
Starters, turtle soup and salad with vinaigrette.   Both were very good, I've never had turtle soup and this I would trie again.  My husbands salad, the vinaigrette was some of the best homemade dressing I've ever tried.  The buttered toast was ok, maybe it needed some spice or more salted butter.
Meals- husband had grilled pork chops, I had grilled gulf fish.  The pork was flavorful and I liked his roasted potatoes better than my boiled potatoes.  The green beans were also good, seasoned a little different that what were use to.  The gulf fish was flavorful, but it was a bit dry/crispy from being overcooked.  It seems like this is a struggle when I get grilled fish, to get the right char the fish is usually over cooked and this wasn't any different.  This was a thinner filet that should have been quickly chard.  Anyhow I ate it all up because it was flavorful.  
Lastly we ordered dessert, I wanted to try something local so we split bread pudding.  Husband wanted the marble cheesecake, should have tried that.  I was kind of excited when the server said pineapple with rum sauce and how rich this was.  Now I'm a dessert person the richer the better.  This was a let down, the pineapple was a good addition, I would leave the raisins out; they take away from the pineapple.  The sauce needs to be changed up also, the creamy white rum sauce was kind of flavorless.  I would make a sugary, buttery rum sauce this would have hit the spot.  
I wouldn't be opposed to trying some of the other dishes, the Po Boys looked good and some of the specials that went by looked good as well.  I'm just not that thrilled for a $74 meal to hurry back and there wasn't the wow memorable factor that I'll be taking about when we return to the city in a couple years.Great mid-city restaurant that was flooded during the storm but came back...even better.  If you are traveling to NOLA this is a great lunch spot.  Simple and tasty food.  Prices are reasonable too.  Just take the trolley car and tell the driver that you want to go to Mandinas and he/she will know where to drop you off.Great food and good service. We were lucky enough to come during happy hour which is between 3-6pm. We were very happy with everything we ordered. Calmari with marinara was tasty and hot. Shrimp poboys were filled with big juicy shrimp. My husband shared a half for only $6. Crawfish balls were an unexpected treat as well. Left full and pleased!I LOVE Mandina's!!! My only complaint is that I don't get to go often enough. I'm head over heels in love with the calamari. It's perfectly seasoned and perfectly fried. The marinara is as good as it gets. My favorite dish is the Catfish Almandine. It's perfection on a plate. The portions aren't skimpy either. You will NEVER say you left still hungry. Not possible. Favorite server is Travis. He's amazing.Always great food. Friendly and courteous staff. The reason why i gave 4 stars and not 5 is because it's a little pricey and most things are either a pasta dish, sandwich, or fried. Not great for a low carb dietTurtle soup was wonderful. Parking is easy and no wait. Service, shrimp poboy and oyster poboy were good enough, but not impressive. RW & LSFried eggplant sticks, seafood gumbo, roast beef po-boy, shrimp po-boy, a couple margaritas..all delicious and great/friendly service.I have enjoyed this restaurant for many years! I am just getting around to critiquing it. I generally like most everything I have ate on their menu. However, the two items that I have regularly devoured has been the Meatball Poboy and what we call the Wop Salad (Italian salad in these more PC times).  The Meatball Poboy is generous and the red gravy is excellent with the seasoned meatballs. The Wop salad incorporates olive dressing and hard boiled eggs. I love it! Think of it as a muffuletta on lettuce - the "healthy" choice.I ate at Mandina's on 3/15/13. The wait for a table was ridiculous, over an hour. To be fair though, it was a Friday night and St. Paddy's weekend. I had a couple of forgettable mixed drinks. Service was sufficient, not stellar. The atmosphere -- definitely nothing to write home about. 
It appeared that this visit would be 3-star experience at best. That is, until our first dish arrived -- Shrimp Remoulade. Holy Shit! With one dish, this restaurant went from 3 stars to 4 stars, despite the fried chicken not having enough seasoning. 
Listen people, go to Mandina's. Order the shrimp remoulade. Thank me later.The place is a hole in the wall but was packed. A security  guard was in the parking  lot. Don't come here if you are looking for ambience.  Service was a little  slow . Their gumbo was exceptional.  Prices were reasonable.  Had their  fried chicken  and red beans  and rice portions were huge . Enough  for two . Definitely  a place to tryOne of New Orleans' finest gems! Delicious food- Mandina's never disappoints! I get a cup of seafood gumbo and a cup of oyster and artichoke soup! Both are divine, and the seafood gumbo is some of the best I've ever had (and I'm from New Orleans!) The daily specials are always scrumptious too!This is not a touristic restaurant, and we loved that. The soups were great (we recommend the oyster+artichoke over the turtle soup), and so was the shrimp remoulade. Drink Dixie beer! The place is frugal, but again, this is a restaurant for locals. Service was very good and helpful.I really wanted to like this place more because it came with great reviews from locals.  They were recommending onion rings (very good) italian salad (good), turtle soup (very good) and fish almandines.  I had fish the night before, so I went for the waiter's recommendation - eggplant creole.  When the entree arrived, it was like nothing I had ever experienced before - basically a brown pile of what reminded me visually of meat stuffing (kind of).  The ingredients were indistinguishable and I couldn't finish it.  My companions were urging me to send it back, but I figure that I had ordered wrong and that it was some kind of regional fare.  In any case, I can recommend Mandina's, but make sure you know what you are ordering.Had dinner here on a Thursday evening at the suggestion of a NO native. Seeing the photo of about 10 feet of water covering the place after Katrina made it even more impressive. It's a big, pretty noisy dining room, nice and informal. We started with onion rings which some in an arranged stack of overlapping rings.  They were very tender with good batter and very mild onions.  I had the seafood platter, which was on the menu for $19.95, but was $22.95 that night because of the problems they (and all NO restaurants) are having getting fresh oysters.  They had signs everywhere warning of market price on oysters, so it was no surprise and the waitress told me of the change as I ordered.  
The platter was just seafood on a stack of fries, but it was probably the freshest fried combination I've ever had.  Two catfish filets, which were the mildest catfish I've ever eaten.  The shrimp had different batter and almost melted in my mouth.  The oysters had corn based batter and were also obviously very fresh and tasty.  I kept passing pieces to others just to clean my plate, cause there was so much food!
My wife had the daily special of smothered chicken which she keeps saying was "absolutely wonderful".  The chicken had been cooked before being covered with gravy and cooked more until fall-off-the-bone tender.  It came with a huge mound of mashed potatoes and green peas.  It really looked like a cookbook photo when served.  
With 4 entrees, 2 beers (Abita Amber, from just up the road)  and the onion rings, the tab was less than $100.00.  After $50.00 for burgers the night before in the Quarter, this place was am amazing bargain, with great food and service.  
THEY ONLY TAKE CASH, so be prepared--it's worth it!We came here for Father's Day because it is one of our favorite restaurants and my father in law's favorite. Long wait, no reservations okay.... seated and sat 45 minutes before drinks and orders taken! No apologies just too long. Food ordered incorrect, never got another menu to re order! No remediation to bill, just not good. I grazed off of relative's plates. So sad to see this 
Will stay away for awhile and have been coming here for 40  years plus.i ordered  softshell crab almondine, and when waiter took order I even stated how happy o was they had it! 
Food arrived, trout almondine
Sent back  after  minutes  of no waiter sighting 
Another waiter said that they did not have all day!
Food taken no menu given 
So I left hungry 
Still tipped waiter 15 percentThe service is attentive, the turtle soup is perfect, the ambience is New Orleans- loving it!Came to visit some friends for Bayou Classic and had lunch here. The best dishes were the crab fingers, seafood platter and the filet.   Don't recommend the stuffed shrimp...too much stuff and not enough shrimp. Bread pudding was really good...fresh and soft yummy! Overall good experienceMandina's was the first stop in my New Orleans culinary adventure.  I was looking for some down-home, honest cooking in a local setting and I wasn't disappointed.
Food: Ordered the turtle soup.  I got a bowl, girlfriend got the cup.  GO FOR THE BOWL.  Seriously.  It's the best thing I had all day, and the waiter will pour sherry all over that bad boy at your request.  Mandina's doesn't slouch on the meat; there is a ton of turtle in there, and the roux is really dark.  I ordered Creole Eggplant (a daily special) and the girl friend got the Mandinas staple: catfish almandine.  Except she forgot to ask for it blackened.  Oh, this was a big mistake.  Neither of us are huge fans of fried foods to begin with, and the wonderful almandine sauce did nothing for the breaded and fried filet.  Everything fried tastes like calamari to me ...
The Creole Eggplant was complex, spicy, rich and delicious.  It looked like a small portion, but it was hearty and compact (it was stuffed with crab, crawfish, shrimp and other goodies).  It looked awful (like mush from a cafeteria in the elementary school you never went to but read about it newspapers) but tasted great.  Served with pasta in a sweet tomato sauce.  Would get this again.  
On a sidenote, the complimentary garlic bread they present you with is pretty awful.  It's garlicky (a plus) but crumbles the instant it touches your lips, and at the same time, is kinda rigid in that stale bread sort of way.  Definitely not a texture I want my mouth to spend time with.  The Abita Mardi Gras seasonal bock on the other hand ... on tap ... delicious.
Service: Our waiter was helpful, attentive, and spoke with an awesome Nawlins accent.  Maybe the romance of it all was heightened because it was the first one I heard upon arriving from Newark, who knows.  
Atmosphere: We scouted this place on Frommer's under the tag "best neighborhood restaurant" and it most definitely lives up to that.  Far removed from Bourbon and the French Quarter, it's definitely not touristy.  
Value: Great bang for the buck.  Big portions.  Just make sure you specify how you want your fish cooked! (duh!)NoLa local favorite spot. Never disappoints. This time I had the eggplant parm, excellent choice. Enough food to share. Eggplant is served on top of the massive pile of spaghetti. Red gravy is outstanding!!!  Well worth the wait.Mandina's is mediocre. Simple as that. People with no taste buds like this place. The trout almondine, or anything almondine you order here for that manner, is BLAND. The only decent dish here is the veal parmigian. Anything else is very basic. Do not recommend this place, sorry NewOrleanians..Yesterday, I had the chance to eat at one of my favorite restaurants. Now, everytime I come back to New Orleans I head over here to fill my belly with the joy of taste from here and yesterday was know different. My uncle and I came here to eat and I mean eat good, yaheardme! So, when we arrived we had a 5 minute wait for our table near the bar then we was seated. Once we was seated our waiter asked what we wanted to drink and quickly got our drinks for us. Afterwards, we was ready to order and we both ordered a sandwich and turtle soup. Now, we of course ordered both our "poorboys" sandwiches dressed and when they arrived we immediately attacked them with our taste buds. All I can say was "what a meal" out loud and the face my uncle made was priceless after finishing his order. In the end, this restaurant will always have a special place in my heart! So, let the good times roll!Ate here on a Saturday for lunch. It had been recomended for their etoufee special. I tried that and was disappointed. There was a lot of it, but it was pretty bland. I'm used to etoufee with a little spice to it. Also, we waited quite awhile for our food.Authentic New Orleans. The locals love this place. When you are inside, look on the large wooden post, note the metal plaque attached to it.  This is indicating the waterline of Katrina. About 9' off the ground.My dad (75 now) grew up in New Orleans and is always one of his favorite places to hit when we visit.  He claims it's still the same crowd hanging out by the bar. :)  Seems to be a local place, come and enjoy the atmosphere, be patient and eat some awesome food.  Shrimp Remoulade, gumbo,  po-boys, all AWESOME! some of the best I've ever had.  Gets crowded.... did I mention be patient??Mandina is a place for families, it seemed like everyone knew each other there. The waiters are so friendly. You'll be treated like a relative not a customer which is nice. The food is delicious, I was picking at everyone's plate. Everything was good; from French fries to sautéed shrimps, fried catfish... I'm telling you everything is delicious.I hope you have a refrigerator to put your leftovers in. They serve huge portions of yummy food. I would recommend sharing an entree if you have the same taste buds. Our server Diane was great and even was able to get my shy 3 year old to talk. I ordered the turtle soup with some sherry on top. It was nice and hardy and I wish I had more. I had to make myself stop eating salad with the Italian vinaigrette dressing, so I could save room for my meal. That dressing will keep me coming back. I ordered a Sunday special of Gulf fish with a shrimp etouffee. I'm so happy I have left overs! Somehow I saved enough room for the bread pudding that came with my meal. It was warm and gooey and tasted like Christmas. I definitely recommend dining here, and try to come before 7 when they get busy.Friends brought us to Mandina's for lunch and we are sooo glad they did! 
We arrived for lunch and were met by a rather taciturn gentleman who took my friends name and wrote it incorrectly on a list sitting on the bar. We waited for tables to clear. This is an open room with approximately 20 tables.  We were seated in less than 10 minutes. The menu is quite large with specific daily specials along with additional specials noted on the board on the wall.  
We shared Crab Fingers which, as previously mentioned, were a little light on crab meat but excellent flavor.  I opted for the Turtle Soup which was amazing and Yes, be sure and have the Sherry added when it is delivered to the table.  Husband ordered the Red Beans and Rice---a Monday Special Only...and it was the BEST I've tasted yet!  
Friends ordered Eggplant Creole special that day.  OMG!! I had no idea what was going to show up BUT what did was one of the best dishes Ever!  Crab and Shrimp and sautéed eggplant (if you don't like eggplant you would never know there was eggplant in it) and amazing seasonings!  
We came back for dinner a few nights later...We ordered Calamari appetizer, fried Shrimp and hubby ordered Veal Scallopini.  Too much food!!!   But, that didn't stop us from getting dessert to go..It was great...the appetizer and 1 entree would have been enough.  You will go home with leftovers.The atmosphere very old-school New Orleans. So many great choices. Love the daily specials. Food portions are very large. I will return backVery busy and apparently popular. Good food, but a little expensive. Service was adequate. Would only recommend if you have reservations.Decided to have dinner here because of the high Yelp stars and it was also recommend by our AirBNB hosts. Arrived just before happy hour started and took advantage of the drink specials while waiting for our table. Once we got to our table, everything went downhill. Our waiter acted as if we were inconveniencing him by being at the restaurant. His demeanor was friendly with other tables and we do not know what we did wrong to deserve such treatment. He avoided our table and never checked to refill drinks. After he dropped off our meal he never came back to check how our food was. One of us ordered the stuffed pepper special which didn't have much flavor and another ordered the Grilled Shrimp over Pasta Bordelaise which had entirely too much garlic for even a garlic lover. Needless to say, we will not return and will warn anyone we know who travels to New Orleans to try another restaurant.Love Mandina's! We stumbled upon this place by accident. Our uber driver drove us in circles around the Mid City area as we were convinced a certain BBQ place existed in the vicinity. To our dismay, that bbq place was closed. We proceeded to get out at the next block thinking we can find a restaurant along the way. Keep in mind, this was our first time in New Orleans. We weren't aware of the sketchiness down mid city canal street. Any way that's a different story...ater passing a bunch of older buildings and doctors' offices, we were attracted to the bright lights at Mandina's. They had a pretty long line for a Sunday night so we decided they must be really good if they brought the crowd. We waited about 20 minutes at the bar before we finally were seated. The food was delicious! We had their sausage and spaghetti dish and the oyster artichoke soup. They served us plenty of garlic bread and a complimentary bread pudding dessert. Service was good no complaints! Although the drinks were way over priced (but that's to be expected when you're a tourist right?) We had a great evening.The best roast beef po boy I have ever had. The meat was tender and the gray had so much flavor so far the best I have had in New Orleans. The crab claws in wine sauce are a must to get as well I could eat both of these things about everyday. You can share the sandwich it is so big! This place is kind of off the beaten path but a great place for lunch.GO FOR THE CHICKEN PARM & SPAGHETTI! Their sauce is amazing. Even picky kiddo loved it! Great for slurping lady and the tramp style!   :)
Go early or be prepared to wait!We came and started with a cup of turtle soup and then had a bowl of gumbo. So delicious. It's a busy place but has that home cooked casual feel.Gigantic portions!! My cousin and I stopped in on a Wednesday night when he was in town visiting. We were seated right away. I had the stuffed bell pepper special. It was stuffed with shrimp and meat and in a delicious semi-sweet red sauce. It was so delicious and HUGE. I took most of it home. The baked macaroni side dish was amazing. The pasta was thick and perfectly cooked. The consistency of the sauce was on point, not runny at all. The side of beans was super super salty. Not even the sweet sauce of thee bell pepper could balance it out. I didn't even take it home. My cousin had the catfish meuniere. I had a bite and it tasted good, not dry. He seemed to enjoy it and finished the whole thing! Mandina's appears to be a solid spot for a comforting meal. Generous portions balance out the price, which is on the high side for this type of food.cab driver recommended this place, we were not disappointed. Great crab fingers, delicious turtle soup and super yummy garlicky grilled shrimp and pasta.Split the seafood platter & had a onion ring app. Seafood platter was great & fresh. Also very reasonable on the price for the amount of food received. The buttery french bread that came with it was icing on the cake. I shall return!Can't go to New Orleans without stopping here for a great dish at a great value. Mandina's has been around forever and the quality of their food, which is stellar, has never changed. They're pricing is good and their service has always been great.
Advice: take an Uber as parking can be kind of tough during prime hours.I am in town for business and my cousin, who is a local, brought me to Mandina's for supper. The gumbo and the shrimp po boy were both amazing. The service was also great. I will definitely visit this place again when I return to town.Stay gold,Pony Boy.Great line from 80s movie,The Outsiders.I think of that line when I reminisce about the beautifully golden fried seafood I get at Mandina's!!This place is so yummy and has been around since the 1930's.Id say they must be doing something right.Start with the gumbo,delicious ,and about a medium darkness as far as roux.If you don't know what that means you need to cook or eat more cajun food!!The crab claws in a buttery wine sauce is also a great starter!!Softshell crab  Almondine when crabs are in season is wonderful,but don't sleep on the Italian dishes.The red gravy is to die for.....The veal Parmesan is amazing! So are the eggplant sticks W/marinara sauce. The fried calamari is some of the best in the city. A little pricy, but quality and quantity makes up for it. Good house wines. I usually go there about 3-4 times a year. My husband loves the seafood.Had lunch on July 4th. The red beans and rice with sausage was simply amazing! The fried chicken...amazing. The boneless fried chicken...amazing. The catfish po boy....amazing. Do you get the point? 
The server was very prompt and attentive. The food was served quickly and was very good. Everyone at lunch thought the red beans were the best they've ever had.The food was good but not excellent. The prices were much higher than the menu posted on the menu on their website. The menu was also different as it was the Sunday menu tonight. The restaurant has a nice feel to it, and I liked the main dining room. The staff were all dressed very causally and were working hard. Entrees were 18-28 and the tiny cup of gumbo for 5.75 was tasty but expensive. I had the fried chicken which looked great and OK but was a bit overlooked and under seasoned. I will not return, as it failed on more than it succeeded. I'm not sure when New Orleans got so expensive, but it sucks now. I used to live in New Orleans pre-Katrina, but I can eat better for less in Southern California. There are still great places out there, I just wish this was one of them.Us 6 girls stopped in to grab a quick drink while waiting for our table at Ruby Slipper. A bystander told us to order the Grab Fingers in wine sauce.... omg the best thing I've had in Nola so far!! Soooo good. Our bartender Kevin and server Ron were such gentlemen! Gave us excellent service even though they knew we weren't ordering much. True southern hospitality!!! Thank you so muchI don't understand how this place has 4 stars. Mediocre food and service. Even desert was bad. Don't go.It took this place for me to realize that po boys are just not for me. Big crusty bread with already breaded oysters and shrimp is too much for me to handle. The fried oysters and shrimp were really tasty on their own but as a sandwich i'll pass, its way too try. A few people recommended this place to me. Its a cute restaurant, kind of like eating in a really big dining room in someones old victorian style home. The southern hospitality here cant be beat. The portions were big, but I didnt expect to pay $18 dollars for a shrimp and oyster po boy so that threw me off a little =/We visited Mandina's at the invitation of a local friend.  I was dying for étouffée, and my friend said we should go to Mandina's.  However, there was none to be had.  Instead, I ordered the special lunch of the day -- half of a oyster po'boy and a cup of gumbo.  The gumbo was good and rich.  The oysters were perfect and the sandwich perfectly dressed.  The only downside was that the bread was a bit stale.
Next time we're in town, however, we will come for dinner and call in advance to be sure they have étouffée.My last night in Louisiana was made memorable by my dinner here. Soft she'll crab and fried oysters are the best!!!Not fancy local spot. They were lovely and accommodating and great service. But food wise, totally mediocre. Nothing inspiring and nothing wow. The drum with meunière was delicious but not enough to save the meal from mediocrity. 
Apps were blah. Sides were blah. 
The NYC equivalent of this old school hole in the wall would be vying for a Michelin star. This place is not even close. 
You won't be mad but you won't rush backGreat family spot with great food. My kids and I enjoyed it.  Even with younger kids, it was a great atmosphere and a place we could enjoy together.Still gets 5 stars but dont forget that it's a cash only place!We stumbled upon this place looking for somewhere to eat lunch after visiting City Park and heading back to the French Quarter. It was perfect because we had taken the trolley, and being on Canal St. it was right on our path.
We got there just a bit before noon on a Tuesday which ended up being lucky because by noon there was quite a line of people waiting for a table. It looked like they do take reservations because a couple tables had "reserved" signs on them, so that maybe the way to go so you don't have to wait.
They have a large Creole and Italian menu, but being from out of town we wanted to try the local fare so we got the lunch special (1/4 Shrimp Po Boy and a Cup of Soup). I've never had Turtle soup before so I tired that, and although I can't say I'll have it again it was yummy, and my bf very much enjoyed his gumbo. We both enjoyed our sandwiches, although I do enjoy remoulade more so than the tarter(?) sauce that was served with our sandwiches. 
Service was very quick and friendly. There definitely seemed to be a large local following here. They also serve beer, wine, and looked to have a full bar.  I would definitely recommend Mandina's to anyone looking for a nice meal away from some of the "touristiness" of other parts of the city!Great place for lunch. Bloody Mary, crab claws in wine sauce and the turtle soup with sherry. You can't go wrong with this lunch!Terrible.  The waiter was extremely rude to our party and the food was bad too.  The turtle soup is probably the most overrated thing in the world.  It tasted like bits of ground beef in gravy.  Seriously, if you microwave a frozen salisbury steak dinner, take the liquid, and add alcohol to it, you get practically the same thing for a tenth of the price.  They also used canned peas to accompany the liver dinner, which was nothing special.  That's just inexcusable.I finally made it to this New Orleans institution and I couldn't be more pleased with my experience.
We went at around 1 and by then the lunch crowd had died down, so we were quickly seated. Everything on the menu looked so good and you can get an assortment of things like poboys, seafood platters and spaghetti.
I decided to start with the turtle soup. While it wasn't bad, it's not on the level of a place like Commander's Palace. It had good flavor, but they kind of went easy on the turtle, if that makes any kind of sense. For my entree, I got the fried oyster platter and that came with fries. I LOVE fried oysters and any place that offers a fried oyster platter is good in my book. The oysters were AMAZING. I actually loved that they were a little smaller, which allowed me to eat the whole thing in one bite and not cut it in half.
I will definitely return to Mandina's and will be adding it to my list of recommended places to visit when living in/visiting New Orleans.Down from Atlanta and came here for a 60th birthday celebration. Had the shrimp remoulade appetizer and it was really good. The highlight was our seafood. We had the soft-shell crab meuniere, the Drum almondine, and the seafood platter. All were simply outstanding. The Drum was lightly fried with a tasty but not-too heavy sauce. The soft-shell crab was lightly fried and the meunière sauce perfect. The seafood on the seafood platter was fresh, tasty, and not over-breaded.  Portions of all were generous.  Service was attentive, friendly and prompt. In a town known for its wonderful food, don't miss this treat!This is a solid go to for a lunch meeting. They can handle a group and it is good NOLA classic food. I think they have some of the best Red Beans in the city.Let me start out by saying this restaurant was one of my favorite places to dine. If I were to rate it just for the food I would give it four stars, but today I'm rating the customer service. My husband and I decided to eat lunch here over the weekend. It was raining outside so business was pretty slow. When we walked in the guy behind the bar said sit anywhere you like,  so we did. We were there about five minutes and no one came to greet us or take our drink order. A few more minutes passed and three other,separate,  patrons came in and sat down and within seconds they were greeted by the waiter and he took their drink order. We were literally there about fifteen minutes without anyone acknowledging us so we decided to leave. We told the guy behind the bar that no one wanted to serve us and were leaving. He didn't even look at us, there was no apology. He could care less. I am so shocked at the poor service, I'm sorry,  NO SERVICE we received. We will think twice before attempting to dine here again. Mandinas management: please give your staff some customer service lessons. We are the people that keep you in business and allow you to have a job. Customer service always comes first.Great service, very friendly. Chris, our waiter was awesome! We were a difficult table with 6, including 2 little ones. He handled every request with a genuine smile. Food was really good, I had the 1/2 loaf half shrimp half oysters. Very good!! My wife had Shrimp Creole, she liked it but wasn't great. The Seafood Gumbo was very good!
Will definitely be back and highly recommended!Great introduction into creole/Cajun cooking on our first night in New Orleans. 
I had fried chicken, roasted potatoes and green beans. Delicious! My husband tried the turtle soup, which he is still taking about 5 days later, as well as fried catfish and fries. 
I liked this place because it was a small neighborhood joint, outside of the French Quarter. We really felt like we were discovering a locals favorite hang out. Good service, great food. I would come back and try them out again.Comfortable atmosphere and huge portions. The almandine is wonderful noir service was fair and probably only reason we gave it 4 instead of 5.Mandina's was a recommendation from out Airbnb host as a great place for authentic creole food and great gumbo. The restaurant did not disappoint. Although there was about a 20 minute wait, it was absolutely worth it to experience the best of the best. Prices were affordable and the wait staff was very friendly. Service was quick and garlic bread was included. The building was an adorable pink two-story house and the atmosphere was comfortable and well lit. 
If we're ever in the city again, we'll pay Mandina's another visit. If you're going to do New Orleans, do it right!Ok so check it.  Mandina's. Right off Canal St.  Amazeballs menu.  Po Boys as big as your ass.  At least mine that is.  
Ordered the half soup/half Po Boy combo.  Out of control.  The seafood gumbo was soooooooooo good.  Added some Tabasco and this little cup here changed my life.  The shrimp  po boy was most excellent and that Remoulade sauce....ahhhh.  My half Po could have been a whole one for all I knew...then I saw the waiter bring out a whole one for someone else and almost fell off my chair.  Who could eat all that?  Well maybe I could, but I digress.  
Gotta deduct a star for the service...very sub-par.  I must have asked for my iced tea 5 times.   When I asked him about it the final time, he goes "oh ok".  Duh.  We also tried to order about 10 times, he kept walking past us. However the food is outstanding.   I loved how the place is so casual but all the waiters wear suits.  Will be back.  For the Po Boy that will go straight to my thighs, and I will love it. 
Ah Nawlins. Gimme some of that lovin.Turtle Soup w/Sherry...2 die 4.  Had Soft Shell Crab Bayou w/Shrimp Etoufee...Amazing.  So good brought half back home 2 make room 4 bread pudding, which sealed the deal.  Each Restaurant shown on HBO's Treme is The Best in New Orleans cooking!I went back to my birthplace for my 50th birthday with a group of friends and decided to go to Mandinas for our last night of the trip. It was a Sunday night and they had a 'limited menu' on this night. This place never disappoints. The service, atmosphere and food were all exceptional. When one of the members of our party had questions about the food the waiter pulled a chair up to the table to let her know he was in no hurry and happy to help. I had some eggplant shrimp and crabmeat casserole dish that was incredible. Enjoy if you take my adivce and go to this New Orleans institution.We went there a Sunday afternoon with my Girlfriend,I have ordered a roast beef Po-boy and my girlfriend ordered Shrimp Creole,My roast beef Po-boy was disgusting,The gravy wasn't even beef gravy and it was just blend no taste no flavor and roast beef was dry and way to much for a Poboy.
Shrimp Creole was a canned diced tomato stew with some boiled shrimp in it,I haven't taste anything but diced tomato from the Can in it,No Creole flavor it was terrible 
We won't be returning and I wouldn't advise anybody to go there.My family LOVES this place!! Everything that was ordered is delicious. My Aunt & Uncle are regulars here and are recognized but even with them not around you get treated like family.
Food... oh the food... I got smothered chicken ("don't you like seafood?") Their gravy is divine and so are the homemade mashed potatoes. Oyster Salad? Would you like some salad with your fried oysters? For real, and the remoulade dressing sets the bar. Onion Rings, Fried Eggplant sticks, Turtle soup, I CAN'T STOP! IT'S ALL GOOD. Portions are out of this world, too! This is a must stop for whenever we are in town, I definitely recommend anyone to give it a try! 
FYI - $$$ CASH ONLY!! $$$I don't feel like writing much today, so to be brief:
Seafood gumbo was too thick and slimy, not to mention lacking good strong flavr like gumbo should have.  Salt & Tabasco couldn't help this sad, sad dish.
Shrimp remoulade was a generous portion and pretty tasty, though I'd trade out some of the quantity for fried green tomatoes in a heartbeat, or even edible salad lettuce (romaine is great for this) underneath rather than the whitest 2 sheets of iceberg lettuce ever.
Catfish poboy was acceptable - needs more salt in the fry batter and less of something else I couldn't put my finger on, but that was overpowering the fish.  The bread was appropriate and good, though, very important for poboys.
In response to some other reviewers - their turtle soup uses veal - a number of restaurants around the city use beef or veal now, ask before if you really want to try turtle.
And to Margaret R. - the meat and gravy are supposed to be a little hard to handle when eating a roast beef poboy - a good one leaks, deal with it.  Now I haven't had them here so I don't know on flavor, but don't complain about messiness when eating a poboy.  Clear sign of a tourist ;)
Also, cops parked outside could mean that they're hired off-duty, just in case (in which case you ARE safe), or that they're hungry.  Sheesh.
Given that 3 stars is "a-ok", I have to go with 2.  The gumbo, at least, should not be served the way it was today.Their food is always great. We finally try the soft shell crab and it was a absolutely delicious. Big portions and tasty food. Definitely the place to go when you are really hungry.  Their service is great, they anticipate your needs and your cup is never empty, I love that. The wait can be a little long especially on the weekends.My friends picked me up at the airport and since it was time for lunch, we headed over to Mandina's-what a great place. we were seated fairly quickly and got drinks and started to peruse the menu. I got a cup of the seafood gumbo since I was warned that a bowl would be a full meal and I would be able to eat little else. I wanted to have oysters so I got the oyster po  boy-[oyster half loaf] which was filled with fried oysters-it was delicious-As i was eating, there were so many oysters in the sandwich they kept falling out no matter how I held the sandwich. My friends, who go their regularly were not as hungry since they go all the time and got the grilled shrimp sandwiches on toasted shole wheat. The meal was delicious. I would recommend and return.Another classic neighborhood establishment that deserves some more visits.  Great pasta dish, delicious gumbo and packed dining room made for a good evening for us.  Good prices, too.Want to add to my earlier review some other items of note. The okra gumbo here is great. It is rich thick full of shrimp and crab and very satisfying. I stopped in today with the intention of ordering the corned beef and cabbage. The corned beef looked great but the cabbage looked like it was just warmed up in hot water with some potatoes and taken out. I like my cabbage cooked down and caramelized till its a golden brown. They usually serve it that way but I guess today they wanted to cook it Irish style. My friend got a huge half shrimp salad and a cup of oyster and artichoke soup which was a very good deal for lunch only. The best soups are by far the turtle soup and gumbo.Mandina's wins on local charm inside. It's full of cheery people without feeling too crowded.  The food was pretty good, but I have a feeling it could be better. Maybe we just ordered the wrong thing? Our crew had pasta bordelaise, and it was pretty tasty.  A pork cutlet dish was disappointing, and spaghetti and meatballs was devoured by my son.  
The plates are enormous and definitely worth going halvsies with a friend. If we were to go back, I would try a po boy or other fried seafood dish - that's what the locals we were with ordered.We went during Krewe de Vieux and had no wait for a table.  Unfortunately, the food may have been sitting out all evening.  The oyster and artichoke soup was lukewarm and mushy throughout - had no texture whatsoever.  Two members of our party both ordered the turtle soup and were in the restroom sick within an hour of the meal.  Our waiter failed to bring the drinks we'd ordered to our table and had to be reminded multiple times.  Of the four of us, three had water with lemon and one had lemonade.  The watier continually tried to tell us the 4th water with lemon was lemonade.  Overall, he was rude to us throughout the meal.  Had high hopes as this is a New Orleans estsablishment, but would not recommend to anyone due to the food poisoning and poor service.Our party of 6 visited Mandina's for my birthday dinner on a recommendation from a friend, and I think I owe that friend a hug now.
This place obviously attracts some regulars. It was packed on a Saturday night, so I'd recommend reservations, particularly with a large party. Given how busy the restaurant was (we heard they had a party of 60+ in the back room), the service could not have been better. Even when we asked for split checks, the waiter handled it like a trooper.
Each of us ordered traditional Cajun dishes, and no one left disappointed. Crawfish etouffe, gumbo, catfish - everything was stellar. We finished off the night by sharing the bread pudding. Yum.Of the soups, the gumbo is the best, seconded by the turtle soup, with the artichoke being third.