This place is top notch, with phenomenal service and such fantastic ambiance- how can you go elsewhere? All of the food looked and smelled amazing. I love how creative everything was.
I CANT STOP DAYDREAMING ABOUT THE FOOD. Hands down, best brunch experience of my life. I don't even like french toast usually and theres was by far the most delicious food thats ever entered my mouth. I am literally drooling while writing this.
The chicken and waffles were unreal and standout A++++. 
I love the "flinstones pushup-pop" drink so creative and clever.
Even the deviled eggs were the best I've personally ever had. They do everything right even when it comes to the music. It was super fun and such a great experience! Ignore any review thats not 4 stars because they must be delusional.Came here on a Saturday afternoon for brunch with some friends. Let me just say, my experience was AMAZING. So, where should I begin?.... OH.. Let's start with the Tiramisu french toast. Now, I'm not one to order from the sweeter side of breakfast, but these were basically screaming at me from the menu. These little slices of heaven came out fast (which I always appreciate) and were DELICIOUS. My other friend ordered the CANNOLI PANCAKES. UNREAL - no surprise there. Aside from the incredible food, the staff is extremely friendly and attentive. The overall vibe of this place was just so upbeat and really set a great tone for the rest of my day in Philly. Can't wait to go back!This place is INCREDIBLE! It's American food with a twist. Start with a drink. Get the Flintstone one. It's frozenish and I promise you won't regret it. Food rundown: Mussels in a French onion soup broth, 10/10. Tiramisu French toast, 10/10. Marinated fried chicken and waffles 10/10. But one of my faves has got to be the avocado toast, a perfect ten. To die for. My recommendation is to go out for brunch with some friends and split all of this deliciousness. You won't regret it. Oh and also, the staff knows what's up.Outrageously overpriced for what it is. Insultingly so. It would be one thing if the cocktails warranted $12 but they simply do not. The bartender was very friendly so 2 stars for that but for that area and the subpar cocktails not even close to worth the price. Cannot speak to the food but definitely not a place I would go back to have a few drinks at.Ekks, how hard is it to serve food that isn't raw. I hate giving out 1 star but anyplace that serves 2 separate items from the menu to the table that are inedible deserves it. Food sucks, drinks are wayyy overpriced, outside still looks as sh*tty as it was when it was the Wishing Well. I'm so confused as to why people think they can just put a new bar top in and expect it to succeed. Get a real chef and price drinks according to demographics and neighborhood. How f*cking hard is it to do that people?!Food here is AWESOME. Buffalo chicken egg rolls and lamb burger wrapped and prosciutto was unreal. Staff was really friendly. Great live music and hip atmosphere, definitely coming back!!The best new bar in Philly. Amazing drink menu (and they taste as good as they sound), and delicious apps. The service is incredible and the bar is bustling with an energetic vibe that brings life to the quaint neighborhood. Thank you to Bar One for providing an atmosphere perfect for everyone!!! We can't to become regulars at Bar One!!!We are obsessed with this place. The bartenders are so friendly and the drinks taste amazing! The happy hour is exceptional. My friends and I have tasted many items on the menu. We love their mussels & flatbread!Have been here twice with my boyfriend. We had great food and service both times. The menu is a good size and there is an airy atmosphere to the place. Mike was behind the bar during the Italian Festival when we stopped in, and he was quite a fella. He was a great example of what good service looks like. The lamb burger is awesome!!Stop waiting to come here and just eat a meal here already! The food is simple and delicious and once you go it'll be easier to get over Wishing Well closing. 

Pesto deviled eggs OH MY. It's the perfect balance of everything you want in life. Creamy and milld yet somehow still packs a punch. Don't let any pine nuts go to waste on the plate either. 

I had the chicken cutlet sandwich. Perfect amount of spice. I wish they added more spread/sauce but the chicken was thin and breaded so that made up for it. Fries aren't really fries. More like less boring breakfast potatoes. They're whatever. 

The pappardelle with arugula and ragu somehow mastered the perfect balance between filling and light. Flavorful but not overpowering in the way arugula can be. 

Two thumbs up!Best new bar in Philly! The menu and drinks are incredible and the staff is absolutely amazing - couldn't have had a better experience!Was really excited to try bar one as I used to live less than a block away from the location. They did a really nice job renovating the bar, but I was not impressed by the food. We ordered four things:

cheesesteak pretzels: were basically pretzel nuggets from the pretzel factory with a cheesesteak sauce to dip in

tomato and mozzarella flatbread:The flatbread was over cooked and did not have much flavor

chicken cutlet sandwich: bread was stale (hint:sarcones is across the street- USE THEM)

buffalo chicken egg rolls:were actually really good and the best part of our meal

I hope these are just small problems for the restaurant to work out because it is a great location with a good concept for their restaurant, but right now the food needs improvement.First night.  Am here now.  Advertised free passed apps appetizers.  Corner table.  Ignored by EVERY server.  Other tables already had three apps!  If this is an indication of the future, FORGET IT!  And the music is too  loud!Have been twice with my boyfriend and both times had great food and service. The menu is a good size and the place has a nice open airy atmosphere. Mike who was behind the bar is an awesome fella who went above and beyond to make sure we had a good time. The lamb burger was really really good. Check it out :)By far, the least attentive service I've ever received at a bar or restaurant in Philadelphia. Don't waste your time or your money.If you are ever in the South Philly area be sure to stop by this new bar-restaurant! It is amazing! The staff is incredible & music is great! let's not forget the food an Italian take on bar food that is to die for! cannoli pancakes , tiramisu French toast , lamb burger, scampi mussels were all out of this world! They have a drink that has sorbet in it and tastes like a flint stones push up pop! I think we found our new spot for nights out!Writing this review before I've even left the restaurant because it's so amazing that I can't wait to do it! This place is a neighborhood gem and south philly is so lucky that it went in! Tonight was the grand opening and they passed around FREE appetizers! Who does that?! Amazing restaurants, that's who. The prosciutto lamb burger is to die for and the buffalo chicken pasta melts in your mouth. BarOne does a fantastic job at Italian bar food and their drinks and atmosphere make me want to come back every week. Bravo, delizioso, mangia!!!!!Great spot to hang with friends! Awesome atmosphere and very friendly staff. Their cocktails are delicious! I would totally recommend Bar One to anyone looking for a new, good spot in S PhillyThey renovated the space well. The lighting & atmosphere are much more inviting than they were in its previous iteration. The food was decent & plates were 1/2 off for happy hour. The server was attentive but didn't know anything about the beers on tap. And to read the draft list on the chalkboard we had to walk up to it bc it's unreadable from more than 3 ft away. They should consider putting drink prices on the menu. Overall, it's an ok new spot. I'll go back out of convenience but wouldn't seek it out.I used to love coming to this bar when it was the wishing well and couldn't wait for Bar One to open. We were skeptical at first, but the drinks on the cocktail menu were fantastic and they had some decent local beers too. My boyfriend tried the old fashioned and the banana Jameson (Jameson soaked in banana and brown sugar!) and I tried the flinstones push pop and the spiked hot chocolate. The flinstones push pop had a scoop of berry sorbet, prosecco, and I believe a lavender liquor. It surprisingly wasn't too sweet and will definitely be a summertime favorite. The spiked hot chocolate was made from belgian chocolate and had a giant toasted marshmallow on top. It was honestly the best hot chocolate I have ever had and I definitely couldn't stop myself from slurping it down too fast! The old fashioned was pretty good too, and we definitely loved the banana Jameson. For the Irish whiskey lover it's a must try! Unfortunately we didn't try the food but we will definitely be back to try soon!$6.50 for a Kenzinger and the bartender didn't even know what it was. Probably one of the most highly ordered beers in Philadelphia other then PBR. $7.50 for a shot of Jim Beam. I'm Wishing this place Well, but how did you not learn from the previous businesses downfall. No one in the neighborhood wants to pay center city cocktail bar prices, for  standard corner bar ambience, and a pretty average food menu. Better make some aggressive changes quickly or your gonna have Bar None ;)Great neighborhood spot.  Very clean and well-maintained. Excellent pub grub. Fantastic burger. They always have Peroni on tap which works out just fine for me. Nice happy hour too.Such a nice improvement from the previous bar (even though we loved and miss the old one). Menu is great.Stop waiting to come here and just eat a meal here already! The food is simple and delicious and once you go it'll be easier to get over Wishing Well closing. 

Pesto deviled eggs OH MY. It's the perfect balance of everything you want in life. Creamy and milld yet somehow still packs a punch. Don't let any pine nuts go to waste on the plate either. 

I had the chicken cutlet sandwich. Perfect amount of spice. I wish they added more spread/sauce but the chicken was thin and breaded so that made up for it. Fries aren't really fries. More like less boring breakfast potatoes. They're whatever. UPDATE: Came back a week later and my cutlet sandwich had bacon in it and I got more than double the serving of fries. So good! But I took a star off bc I'm annoyed at lack of consistency. But damn it's good. 

The pappardelle with arugula and ragu somehow mastered the perfect balance between filling and light. Flavorful but not overpowering in the way arugula can be. 

Two thumbs up!Stopped in here last night for a nightcap after a fabulous dinner at Market on Ninth . So nice just to be able to walk over .  Can't beat this little spot .  Perfect city night .I went here on Saturday to try the free(!) brunch and LOVED it. The space is cozy without feeling dive-y and the artwork adds a character that is unmatched. We ordered the breakfast sandwich and tiramisu french toast and both were delicious. The nice selection of local draft beer and specialty cocktails will keep me coming back. Very excited to try the dinner menu!The dry-rub wings (that isn't the actual name) are the best wings I have ever had. Ever.Went there with friends for a last minute dinner last night.  Was outstanding!  Service, food, ambiance.  I had the Short Rib pasta - PERFECT!  The only thing that keeps it from being 5 star is that I just wanted a small side salad - (like one I saw on the online menu, but not on the menu that night).  Wasn't possible to 'create' - oh, well.   I'll be back!  It's also a great place to eat alone at the bar.My family and I were exploring the Italian market and realized we needed time out of the cold and lots of food. We were a group of 6 and most places had a long wait so we called and bar one could accommodate us right away. 

The brunch menu was definitely unique for a bar but did not disappoint. It seems everyone found something they liked. 

I personally had the kale caesar and tried someone else's avocado toast. They were both tasty although the toast was slightly burnt.

Overall service was okay but a few things were forgotten. Everyone seemed to like their meals but some of the portions were a little small depending on the dish. 

I'd definitely come back if I was in the area!Update 3: continued inconsistency with my beloved chicken cutlet sandwich. Was missing bacon and the bread was different. Still delicious but why change something that has been perfected?!Great neighborhood spot with outstanding mussels, great beer selection and excellent service. From the bartenders to the wait staff, everyone was friendly and attentive. We brought 2 kids and they had a blast. Best mussels we've had in a long time. I ordered beer mussels and my wife ordered scampi, both A+. My kids ordered mac & cheese which was prepared with homemade cavatelli, fantastic. Can't wait to go back!!Tonight was one of Bar One's opening nights offering free apps, 10/21. It was crowded but that's expected when a bar is giving out free food. I was able to try their chicken and waffle, buffalo chicken pasta, lamb slider, and pork and Buffalo chicken spring rolls. They were all fabulous. The food is really amazing here. Think Bar food with a classy twist. They had live music (one guy with a guitar playing covers) which had a good vibe setting the mood all night. Their draught beer list comprises mainly of local craft brews. They had 4 big screen TVs showing the sports game. This is a new age neighborhood bar that I will definitely come back to. Definitely glad to see a new bar at this corner.Ralph's Italian restaurant was totally booked, so we took a chance on Bar One, directly across 9th st. As we walked in, I loved the corner bar atmosphere.. staff was wonderful... then I looked at the menu. OMG my heart sank...... just weird for an Italian market eatery... my friend ordered Bucatini, at $16, they could have added a few more noodles..... it looked like a side dish... hopefully these guys didn't invest their life savings in this placeI live a block away and have always wanted a good bar to move into this space. Unfortunately, for one reason or another, they never work out and I won't be surprised if Bar One follows suit. 

The drink menu does not have prices. That should have been the biggest indicator. We ordered Kenzingers and Philly Pale Ales and the prices were absolutely ridiculous. Almost $7 for a single Kenzinger is unheard of, even in the most pretentious Center City bars, and this is South Philly. A shot of Jim Beam- $8. 

I'd rather walk a few blocks and go to literally any other bar then give this place my business again. 

Two stars go towards the half-way decent music and I can't deny that the food smelled pretty good. Can't imagine how overpriced that must be, though...A great quite, dive. Typical south Philly at its finest. Food was on point and drinks were delicious tooThis bar is an awesome addition to the neighborhood! I came here for the grand opening and I wasn't disappointed. They passed out free delicious food to everyone and the beer selection was awesome (especially if you're a local beer lover like myself). Everyone seemed to be having a fun time and the live music was a great addition. I can definitely see myself coming back here in the future.This is a fun bar I enjoy the casual but trendy atmosphere. It has a good energy. The food is very good. I think the beer is pricey some exceed $7 for the typical 14 oz glass. Tuesday night at 8 pm is trivia night. I recently had the pappardelle and it was delicious!Recently moved into the neighborhood from center city and decided to try out Bar One. My husband and I have been here multiple occasions since we have moved in and have had a great experience every time. Some top notch things:
-Wonderful service! Mike and the other bartenders have been extremely attentive and friendly. 
-Dominic makes one of the best dirty martinis I have ever had...better than capital grille/delfriscos
-Great draft list - always rotating 
-A must go for brunch. We went today and enjoyed a juicy burger and the barones special. Home fries were crispy and the pancake was delicious! That paired with their homemade bloody hit the spot. 

Highly recommend for people to check out, especially if you are as picky as me. I've been to countless spots for brunch / cocktails and this is among the best in philly. A great mix of solid fresh food, tasty cocktails, and draft craft beer... they also have TVs which is must have with the philly sports run. 

Go sixers #ttpCool bar, love the art work, the lamb burger and the inventive drinks. The space is good and I like the playfulness of the food. Hh is 1/2 off everything. Yeah I will be back.I have never had such delicious ice cream in my life. All natural with herbs chocolate cookie enhancements. The mint chocolate chip was the best I have ever had. The baklava had bits of sweetened philo, and the lavender enhanced cream brûlée had crunchy caramel throughout.Stopped by for HH before the Sixers game and I must say they have great HH deals. Certain appetizers are half off and their house wines are $4 a glass. The bar wasn't that busy as most people trickled in as the game began, but its a good space for friends to hang out and watch the game. 

The stuffed long hots were the favorite. They are spicy and stuffed to the max with perfectly cooked sausage. 

The flatbread on the other hand was meh. Its not on your usual flatbread. What i thought was going to be a naan or pita like texture was more like a cracker. It's so thin and the toppings are piled high which made the "cracker" soft and soggy. The taste of the veggies needed salt too. 

Last thing we ordered was the beet salad. Slices of tomato, beets, and mozzarella cheese with a balsamic vinegar drizzle. I didn't think i'd he a huge beet fan, but these were good. 

If you get a chance to stop by for HH definitely hit up their drink specials and get the stuffed long hots!Live in the neighborhood and it's much better than the bar prior. The staff is always attentive and nice. Food is pretty good, more bar style appetizers than real meals but nonetheless appetizing. They also make a great Moscow mule.Went in on a Sunday evening and it was very quiet. Nice bar with approximately 15 tables for seating. We sat at the bar and the bartenders were super friendly. We ordered spiedini and sausage and pepper spring rolls. Both appetizers arrived hot and both were delicious. 
Next up was the papardelle with short ribs topped with Arugala.  Absolutely outstanding!!  Highly recommend Bar One aka Barone!  Can't wait to try the Brunch menu too.Expensive and not the money.  Smug service and an overpriced breakfast sandwich with only one egg.  Wouldn't recommend, cute space in a nice neighborhood but better options for food considering the price.Went back on a Tuesday and were able to get a table for 8 easily. We want Barone to be our neighborhood spot, but they're making it hard to do so. My friend ordered the mussels which were delicious, but when she asked for bread they told her they only give out bread for sandwiches. Bread. Sarcones is right across the street. 
We will come back because we understand that it's new and they may be working out the kinks still. Fingers crossed.I recently went to Bar One for  my second time which was as good as the first. The first time I had the short rib potato skins which were to die for and the second time the flat bread. Well I have to say the food is second behind the great bartender Mike. He was working his butt off and still trying to give everyone the attention they deserved. I will be back!Good spot for a drink to two with some pretty good menu items too. Awesome and friendly staff in a really nice updated and clean space.Short rib potato skins and eggplant stack are awesome. Playlist of music in the bar thanks to Chris et. al is great. Atmosphere is fun and friendly and loud on week, but quieter on weeknights. Just as friendly and pleasant.Had really great experience this is my favorite place bartender was so attentive and knowledgeable my favorite drink was cucumber cooler We will be back againThere wasn't one dish that was anything short of phenomenal. You'll leave daydreaming of the cheesesteak mussels and lamb prosciutto burger for weeks.  Amazing drinks & atmosphere and friendly staff will make this your new go-to local bar in South Philly. Truly deserves SIX stars.