Terrible, terrible service. Entitled hipsters who confuse orders, give attitude, and ruin customer's experience. The new manager is also frumpy and has awful music taste; think awful 50s - 80s rock/reggae music that's disappeared for a reason, but blared close to full volume. Softer, more neutral music would be greatly appreciated. Terrible consistency with orders too, they don't have consistent standards with coffee etc.
Customers are mostly Penn students, business types who interact with the school (recruiters from NYC etc) and visitors to the area. It's almost as if the staff feel some kind of insecurity or have pride issues serving almost always polite patrons. 
Gelato is pretty good and coffee is pretty good but can be sloppily made (I.e mix your own iced latte). Also slimmed down portion sizes and got rid of the bar. The place has a great location and nice open feel to it, but so much potential is lost because of really shitty staff with terrible attitudes. So many frequent customers but the staff make no effort to get to know them (and trust me, they try). I can't emphasise enough how much the staff and manager need to change.The service is always on point and the coffee is the best.  Not to mention the great snacks and sandwhiches.  They put alot of hard work and time into making this place a great neighborhood spot.The No. 1 gelato in the WORLD? In Philadelphia? You've gotta be kidding me.... 
As someone who has studied abroad in Italy, I was skeptical when my long-lost college friend and her fiance brought me to Capogiro.  But boy am I glad they took me here....I was dead wrong to question this place!
I'm usually a strawberry and chocolate kind of girl, so perusing the selection of flavors I was disappointed not to see a single berry flavor.  But then I caught a sign that said "Avocado (trust us...)", and being the avocado lover that I am, asked for a sample.  IT WAS AMAZEBALLS.  Seriously.  I ordered a small cone with Avocado & Nutella (you can never go wrong with nutella anything), and I can hands down say that this was the best gelato I've ever had. Creamy, smooth, and packed with refreshing flavor :)
Only complaint is that a small cone costs $5....for a poor med student, it's a steep price for some sweet indulgence!Great dessert place after eating a great meal downtown.  The selections vary but you can get any gelato that your heart and tastebuds desire.  I got the bitter almond and sweet Amish milk,  it was great combo and rich milky gelato.  
Skip the mediocre dessert at the restaurants and get some top class frozen gelato.The best way I can summarize Capogiro is that it's a great luxury dessert. Small portions with phenomenal taste. You don't eat Capogiro's for sustenance or to fill up, you eat it simply to enjoy the taste. 
I think Capogiro's real strength is that it manages to create great texture without compromising the integrity of flavor. 
That said, my absolute favorite is the pomelo/grapefruit. Very sweet and tangy without tasting artificial at all.The staff is so so sweet and friendly and really makes this place as fantastic as it is. The coffee is great, and their amazing grilled cheese and baked goods make for a great afternoon bite. They have a good selection of tea and a great atmosphere -- also try their pizza place Capo Fitto in old city if you want a fabulous dinnerMmm, in all actuality, I give this place a 3.5, but a 4 it is. The person working was very generous with samples and in the end I decided on nutella and dulce de leche. Oh. Man. I went back for the avocado the next day, but lo and behold, they change out their flavors daily. Wow. I got the chocolate and hazelnuts (I was still craving a nutella-esque flavor) and sweet amish milk (!!) instead. Divine. Woe that it's $5 a pop for the smallest size. I'm on vacation, though, and if I can't blow inordinate amounts of money on frosty treats now, especially ones that taste this good, when can I? Run, don't walk.I feel like everyone at Penn has had a coffee chat at Capo sometime through either a club or a recruiting event, but to be honest, outside of these subsidized occasions, I rarely came for dessert or coffee. While the gelato flavors are admittedly always unique and creative and delicious, I just never felt justified in spending so much for what it was that I got.
When it isn't crammed with student groups or recruiting events, the location itself is a nice place to get some work done and people-watch along that block of Walnut.Oh man, it's a good thing Capogiro didn't open until before my senior year, otherwise I would have blown so much more money on their tasty (but pricey) gelato.
First things first: the gelato is truly incredible. They have a huge selection of rotating flavors, and the flavors tend to match with what's seasonal, so you will have stuff like Pumpkin and Chestnut in the winter and fruity stuff and berries in the summer. However, they do have a fairly stable core of flavors like Nocciola Piemontese (Hazelnut), Fior Di Latte (Milk), and Cioccolato Scuro (Dark Chocolate) that are available most days. They will let you sample as many flavors as you would like before you place your order, so take advantage of that if you don't know what you want (or, if you already know what you want, if you just want some free samples). Since I love pretty much anything that has peanut butter in it, one of my favorite flavors was the Peanut Butter gelato, which was peanut gelato with a swirl of peanut butter mixed in - SO GOOD. Others that I really liked include Bacio (chocolate and hazelnut gelato with caramelized hazelnuts; it tastes like Nutella with crunchy hazelnuts tossed in for good measure), Chocolate Scuro (seriously dark and rich, this is the gelato of any chocolate lover's dreams), and Turkish Coffee (a really perky coffee flavor with a hint of cardamom giving it a nice kick), but really, I don't think I ran into a flavor that I didn't like. They also have some rather interesting flavors using alcohol and rums - Cucumber with Grey Goose, Dark and Stormy, etc. 
Okay, so I really love the gelato here, but honestly, the prices are pretty steep. It costs close to $6 for a medium cup, and even though the medium lets you get your choice of up to 3 different flavors, that's still a really expensive cup of gelato. Oh well, I guess you get what you pay for, as the quality ingredients used in the top-notch gelato here make it worthwhile to come here for an occasional splurge.Discovered this place as a new Philly transplant. I love how the gelato flavors change daily, and always such a wide selection. Definitely one of my new favorite sweet destinations!Better than most. Unique flavors, but just not the same as  what you had in Italy.  Its not bad for a casual snack but don't expect to be blown away by the flavors.The dulce de leche gelato is absolutely fantastic, except when paired with Brooklyn Brown Ale.
The cones are nice, but not as amazing as you would think, considering that they are handmade in France and smuggled into the US by pre-pubescent teens that are summarily executed if even one cone is cracked.*
There is nothing emasculating about having another man buy you ice cream. Especially if you call him Daddy for the rest of the day. I swear. 
__________
*I may have made part of this up.While I didn't think the pistachio was anything terribly spectacular, the thai coconut milk flavor was more than fantastic enough to make up for it - so much so that I'm desperately trying to find a way to get something similar back on the west coast.
I also wished we had planned out our choices better - between the three of us I think we ended up with four flavors.  The dark chocolate was pretty good, but I'm not much of a fan of cold and chocolate together in the first place so I don't think I can make a fair judgment there.  We also tried pineapple mint, which might have been a limited-time-only deal. If you are lucky enough to stumble across it, though, I would highly recommend it.The place is decent, but a bit on the pricey side. The iced mocha was okay, but a bit bland in my opinion. I did enjoy the Big Toast with nutella; that hit the spot for a basic morning meal. I may stop by and give their gelato a shot if I am in this area.Good gelato but the coffee was just okay (I expected something better). The beans and milk can be better.I've had gelato before, I've had water ice, icies, slurpies, slushies, Italian ices, ice creams, and really this place is definitely on my list of favorite frozen treats. If you've never had gelato and you like to savor your ice cream using small bites, this place is for you.
This gelato is delicious - very smooth and either rich or light depending on the flavor. I had the dark chocolate which was like eating chocolate cake batter. It was a little overwhelmingly sweet for my taste, but still very good. I have the coconut milk one as well which was creamy and was definitely the defining characteristic of gelato: smooth and refreshingly rich. The last and most surprising flavor was the grapefruit. It was my absolute favorite and I am very happy that I picked it. It was tangy, yet creamy and very smooth. I found it to be incredibly refreshing and light and definitely a worthy flavor. 
The flavors were reminiscent of European ice cream shop soft-serve flavors, which was very nostalgic. 
What I did not like: the price. It was just way too much. Sure they use quality ingredients and it is locally made, and it's trendy and a nice spot- but really? $7 for a medium (which is equivalent to about half a cup.) Not a place that I would go every day, that's for sure. Definitely much better quality than the over-priced LA-NYC chain Pinkberry (I'm only comparing the two because of price otherwise they really have nothing in common.)
What it is good for: If it's a hot night and you're with-in a five block radius and have a group of friends - everyone is destined to find something they like there.Cute gelato place. One of our go-tos. The staffs are very attentive for people who want to try different flavors - thats part of the fun! I always just go for a chocolate with fruit combo. It never fails me either.I was going to give Capogiro 4 stars but changed it to 5 for one practical reason and another more romantic reason. First of all, let's get the basics out of the way: the gelato is really good, the service is swift, and the place is clean, bright, and delightful. The gelato isn't quite as good as at Pitango Gelato (our favorite in the DC area) but it's extremely good all the same. Their banana chocolate flavor is particularly excellent! So, based on the gelato, Capogiro gets 4 stars.
But it's rated higher in my estimation because, first, it has lots of seating, inside and out, and free wifi. Ice cream, coffee, and free wifi? If I could marry it, I'd be on my knee in half a second. The more romantic reason for rating it higher, though, is that the place is built on the site of an old Baskin Robbins at which yours truly worked for a summer when I was courting my beloved (my future wife, not Gold Medal Ribbon ice cream...though that rated very high in my affections at the time, too, because I essentially lived on the stuff, being a poorly-paid itinerant). It's extremely pleasing to see a fancy ice cream store here now. It's like it and I have matured whimsically together.
Highly recommended, but do visit Pitango if you're ever in DC.This is a great place for ice cream, food, or even a drink.  The scene is on again / off again, but the staff are super helpful, and everything I've ever gotten here is delicious.  There is ample indoor and outdoor seating.  This is my favorite Capo G in the city.Let's start with the negative.  It is mobbed during the school year, especially at lunch time.  The prices are insane, I mean a 16oz. frappe for $6.78 tax included?!?!  The bar service is slow.  People act like tourists inside, milling around like it's their first time out of doors and there is no organization to the queue.
But the positive makes up for all of that.  The gelato is fantastic and the flavors are constantly rotated.  If you go this week, and then again next week, you will not see the same selection.  I have never had a "bad" gelato here.  The texture is correct, the flavors are creative and interesting, and it's not too rich.  Grab an affogato (drowned) which is gelato with a shot of espresso poured over it and revel in the decadence.  Frappes are great. 
 If you are depressed or lonely or unhappy, this place will remind you that, indeed, there is good in this world.  
I never tried any sandwiches or lunches here because I think the gelato is enough to calorically sustain me until dinner.I will gladly pay $5 for two smallish scoops of gelato. However, what I had here was not gelato. Too icy and airy. Gelato is creamy and dense.
My semantic quibble could have been redeemed by flavor. Unfortunately, there wasn't much. Actually, the pistachio was completely flavorless. The sesame seed had a nice nuttiness, but wasn't nearly sweet enough to classify it as a great sesame seed dessert. 
The space itself has a nice ambiance and plenty of seating including an outdoor patio that is probably great for people watching. I would gladly meet friends here for coffee (assuming Capogiro doesn't miss the mark there too). But even if someone else was buying, I wouldn't partake of the gelato again. Too disappointing.My review is biased. I only tried 3 flavors. 
Decor: 4/5
-lots of seating
-some of the tables might be sticky from gelato
Service: 3/5
-only one guy serving gelato and checking out.
-Expect a wait especially when you can have samples
Gelato: 4.5/5
-There are just so many flavors that I wanted to sample them all
-Jamaican coffee caught my eye and it had a strong coffee taste. If you're a coffee lover, I'd recommend the Jamaican coffeeWe came to cap off our dinner with a bit of gelato for dessert. All of the flavors in the display case looked so delicious and inviting, that I couldn't decide what to choose. Luckily, the worker was kind enough to humor me and allow me to try a few samples, and to ask a lot of silly questions, before deciding.
We were told that all of the gelato was made from milk from an Amish farm in Lancaster County, and that the sweet Amish milk flavor is the base they use for all of the other gelato flavors. Because there was so much to pick from, we ended up asking which flavors we should get. He suggested gooseberry if we wanted to get something local that we can't get elsewhere, or strawberry since they're in season and from Lancaster County... I ended up with miniature cup of toasted almond and strawberry terragon, and they were delicious. Before filling up my cup, he asked if I liked terragon and gave me a sample to make sure that I'd be happy with my choice.
I also requested to top my gelato with free panna per the sign on the counter, not exactly knowing what it was... it's whipped cream. A friend said that the panna here was amazing, but I didn't care for it and could have done well enough with just the gelato, instead.
All in all, I enjoyed my gelato and I appreciated the good customer service! Too bad it's a little expensive... and that I live in Los Angeles.The atmosphere is very modern without feeling cold. Good music, good vibes. The coffee is great and the gelato is to die for, so many great flavors!
I ordered a small gelato with blueberries and cream with coconut, and I think I could've eaten a warehouse full of it, so delicious! The iced coffee is refreshing and well-brewed. 
The reason I will not come back here is the sandwich. I ordered a BLT, and watched the staff member cover it in aluminum foil and nuke it. Its the prettiest microwaved sandwich I have ever had, but I'm currently sitting here with a sandwich I've eaten 1/4 of because it's soggy and warm where it shouldn't be - the lettuce and the tomatoes are HOT. Not just warm, but hot. It's actually really vile.
So although the coffee and gelato are great, I'm concerned about the process of food preparation here if they're selling microwaved garbage for $7.50.Best cappuccino I've ever had and of course the gelato is amazing. I would have given it a 5 star but I had to wait a long time for the barista to set up the gelato station and he didn't seem to be in a hurry AT ALL, even seeing that I was waiting with a small child.The gold standard of Philadelphia Gelato arrives in West Philly! Truth be told, I've never been too clear on what gelato is, and I'm even Italian. Isn't it just thick ice cream? 
Whatever it is, Capogiro does it better than right and this new location is no exception. The flavors and selection seemed in line with what you would expect; of course, they are all delicious. There were a lot of people working there for a Wednesday night, probably because it just opened, but the staff was very friendly and eager to get the small crowd of customers to try out some flavors. It should also be noted that this location has a liquor license and has beer and wine available... or at least I saw a beer tap, I'm not sure if they've flipped the switch on that portion of the business as of this writing. The space is nice inside and there a few seats, but there's also a cement courtyard area that's part of the enclosing apartment building where you can sit on the steps away from traffic and chow down on your $5 gelato. 
I think this Capogiro is a great addition to the growing 40th and Walnut area and just as Chipotle turned the nearby Q'doba into a ghost town, I expect the superior Capogiro to do the same to the poorly run Ben & Jerry's down the street.Their lattes are quite good but sometimes not consistent depending on who makes it and if they use whole milk. Most of the time it is cold which is a bummer. Pastries are so-so. Service is also so-so and generally quite slow. Their paninis, especially the prosciutto and the tomato mozzarella, are yummy if they haven't run out or if they've actually made them for the day. Gelato is mediocre - definitely not the best in the world as they claim. Also melts easily.The gelato is obviously the highlight here. Every flavor I've ever gotten here has always been top notch. Great after dinner spot to wind down and relax with plenty of outdoor seating.
The guy who took our order was extremely friendly and very helpful describing all the different flavors to us.The Best! 
I don't normally eat dairy, but this place is so amazing, I can't resist.  It truly is the best gelato I have ever had! 
Maybe one day they will have vegan or coconut milk options.i really only come here because i work so close by. aside from their delicious affogato, i've also had good lunches here (try their anti-pasti salad bowl!). oh, and the gelato is good here *duh!Dear Capogiro, 
This time you really got me. It's the middle of winter and it's colder than a witch's tata so do I really want gelato? Honestly, yes I do, but the reasonable person in me says, "no." So, instead I decided to get a latte and the boy went for a combo of the gelato-espresso special. 
You have won over that last star, Capogiro. That was a perfect latte and that espresso gelato thing was like fireworks in your mouth. It was the dark chocolate gelato with hot espresso poured over it and it was served with whipped cream (not the fake canned stuff, either!)
It was incredible and reasonably priced, too, which I found surprising. 
One word: Ambrosia. 
I would also like to add that their happy hour specials and beers on tap are also reasonably priced and they offer a decent selection. 
Thanks and much love, 
AddictedI think this is one of the most overrated places in University City. Their gelato simply isn't good enough to justify the very high prices they charge. It wasn't bad in any way, but was not spectacular either. I think it is over $5 for a small, which wasn't very much gelato.I had always thought of Capogiro as just a gelato place, but it actually has a lot of other great things on the menu.  The gelato is definitely the main offering, and is always good.  They have a large selection of flavors, and I've loved everything I've had (coconut and burnt sugar stand out in particular).  We often get afogatos (espresso over gelato), and since Capogiro has both awesome gelato and awesome coffee, it's really delicious.
Their coffee really is superb, and it's always made with such care.  Their skim lattes taste almost as good as whole milk lattes at other places!  The bagels (which are rumored to be trucked in from NYC on a daily basis) are excellent, and the cream cheese is definitely something special.  Nothing store bought about it - I'm always so disappointed when you order a bagel and it's accompanied by a packet of Philadelphia cream cheese.  This is the real stuff - creamy, but light, and not a hint of sour taste.  
The staff is always really nice, and there's plenty of seating!After many, many visits to Capo these past three and a half years, I'm finally ready to write a review. 
It's on the pricier side, but I'm always completely satisfied when I leave. The flavors are always crazy and unique; alongside the standard flavors, I've seen whiskey sour, cactus pear, concord grape, bourbon butterscotch, avocado, and thai coconut milk. They have a great rotation, so even if you find yourself in need of some gelato despite having just visited a few days ago ( ...or yesterday), there are always new flavors to try. 
The staff is great with samples and are always cheerful. In terms of general ambiance, it can get noisy sometimes with recruiting or university events, but it's usually manageable enough that I can bring friends who are visiting Philadelphia here to catch up. Some reviewers have complained about the service, but I've never had subpar service, nor have I ever been chased off the premises after finishing my gelato.
In terms of the other menu items, I'm usually too distracted thinking about which gelato flavors I want to try to consider ordering something else. I've enjoyed a latte or two from Capo, but unless it's late in the evening, I usually prefer to grab one from Hubbub.Always love coming to this place for high-quality gelato. A lot of reviews will complain about the price - about $5-6 for a small - but I'd justify that you're definitely getting what you're paying for.
Top flavors I've tried so far include chocolate bacio (chocolate and hazelnut with candied hazelnuts), tiramisu,  peanut butter stracciatella (PB speckled with chocolate), and pistachio. Just be mindful that sometimes, the flavors listed on their website may not be provides at the actual location.delicious, air conditioned, outdoor seating, and rich flavors. these are the highlights. ample of indoor and outdoor seating. i loved the hazlenut and peanut butter & chocolate flavors.I will pay through the nose for capogiro gelato. But 1.50 for a tiny container of cream cheese? On top of the cost of the bagel? If it were gelato cream cheese, fine. But it was 2 tablespoons of plain, run of the mill cream cheese. What a rip off.Im from italy. Ive been here in the US since I was 7... this place is amazing .... not a lot of seating...but as close to a genuine italian gelato place as could be .  The flavors change every day . Staff was curteous .. cant wait to go backQuality, creamy gelato in West Philly. I think the chocolate- and coffee-based flavors are best, but I also think that's just a consequence of my personal preference. The coconut milk gelato is also pretty great, but it melts quickly If you're looking for lighter flavors, I'd order a sorbet, which is usually also pretty flavorful. The only major downside to Capo is that it's pretty expensive. I think I ordered a two-flavor gelato cup that came out to over $5. The drinks aren't cheap, either.
FYI, you need to thaw their ice cream sandwiches for a bit. I definitely bent one of their forks trying to stab the sandwich last time. Also, I've never successfully connected to their wi-fi. All in all, Capo is a good place to chat/catch up at night (closes around 11PM if I'm not mistaken) over some gelato.
Tl;dr: Good gelato but pricey.For my first trip to Philadelphia, I knew that I absolutely HAD to visit Capogiro because of its "#1 gelato in the world" ranking by national geographic magazine. The decor of the restaurant was  festive and I enjoyed their lanterns and lights. After sampling a few flavors, I decided to go with the hazlenut-chocolate gelato. Initially, I expected this to taste like nutella, but was surprised when it didn't. Instead it had a nutty flavor with a hint of cocoa, which I  enjoyed. However, though this gelato was flavorful and soft, I felt like it was lacking something. Being a chocolate lover, I expected more of a body and richness to the gelato which I did not get. That being said, if you are in the area, I would definitely give Capogiro a try!The gelato have Unique & rich flavors which you could explore by imaginations. Though you would find some flavors taste similar and are sweetened over the top. MOST employees there are friendly but one interaction with a female employee really disappointed my clients and I. She was EXTREMELY impatient as my clients were deciding on the flavors. We were curious about how excellent could "the best gelato in the world" (by Nat Geo) be? And the service was disappointing.The gelato here is very good but it's a bit overpriced. The pistachio flavor and chocolate cappuccino are both so good. They also give tons of free samples. The gelato here is extremely creamy so i like the textureThe gelato is solid. The atmosphere is not.  If you're in the mood to stop in to a cafe, sample a few different flavors, pick your fave combination (I love the ciocolatto scuro), spend $5 on a small, and leave, Capogiro is a really good choice. If you want to hang around for a nice date or to get some good coffeeshop work done, it's not. The music is loud and hipster-ey. The lattes are good and the teas are okay, but the coffee is bitter. The service is also pretty questionable; it takes anywhere from 3 minutes (on a good day) to 15 minutes (on a bad day) between ordering your drink and having the staff put it on the bar and yell out your order. I like the free wireless but hate the lack of outlets. All that said, my biggest issue with Capogiro? The floors make this loud, *awful* noise when you slide your chair back. It sends chills up my spine.  Really good gelato, though.When National Geographic listed the top ten places for ice cream on the planet and ranked Capogiro #1, it became apparent that their editorial staff had only visited a total of 10 ice cream parlors in the world. These guys don't come close to Sorveteria Sokoro in São Paulo, let alone half the gelato joints in Italy that they're trying to emulate. But okay, since you are in Philly, why not? Me, I just want more dairy-free.This is as good as it gets for gelato, sorbetto, etc outside of Italy.  Their service can be slow and indifferent for coffee etc..but damn the cold goods rock.Love love love their gelato! My mom insists we come here every time she visits. Their coffee is also quite good. It's rather expensive but very worth it as a special treat.This place is pretty much the worst. They run out of sandwich ingredients like they're going out of business (wouldn't that be nice), the staff is either mindless or just outright rude, and they haven't figured out how to use wax paper - sandwiches will stick to foil and you'll loose half of it.
Just don't go.
The gelato is good. I added a star for it.Very busy and a little noisy.  Excellent soups.  Hearty and warm. Delicious bread. Love the variety of sweets as well.Best gelato I have had in Philly! To be clear, I believe this is one of the locations that makes the gelato on-site. I have been to the Capogiro on East Passyunk and they have their gelato delivered from the main stores...it is really such a travesty because it completely messes with the consistency. And consistency is KEY when it comes to gelato. 
This place though? Never had any issues. The gelato is creamy and delicious every. darn. time. 
Yes it's pricey, we know.
But if you're a fan of gelato, you're going to be paying about the same amount as you would for Ben & Jerry's, so you might as well go to the gelato place instead.  Plus, even when you get a small they really pile it into the cup. I must say my favorite combo is the Mocha and Dark Chocolate. Amazing.
Plus, the staff is so friendly and I appreciate that a lot. There is ample seating for studying, or meeting with friends, or just sitting by yourself and enjoying some gelato after a hard day...because I do that a lot. and the best part is, no one has ever judged me for it!
this place is the best!They don't have almond milk, so I've stopped coming here for coffee, but their espresso is pretty good on its own! 
Gelato flavors are unmistakeable -- a citrus-flavored gelato will be perfectly citrusy, a nutty gelato will be perfectly nutty. Gelato lovers will find heaven here, although I might prefer their affogato because I'm never satisfied with ice cream portions ever.