From the second you walk in the door, you're greeted by the adorable woman at the counter. It seems if you come in here more than once a week, she'll know you're name but I haven't been so lucky since my visits are a bit more sporadic.
My most recent discovery are the vegetarian breakfast sandwiches, which are served all day! I particularly enjoy veg. sausage w/ havarti on an everything bagel. I could actually go for one right about now... I've also had the veggie club sandwich and my other half has enjoyed the chicken cheesesteak hoagie and the chicken salad on a croissant. Everything always taste fresh, they are priced really well  (I think my favorite bagel sandwich I mentioned is $2.09-2.99- cheaper than wawa!). The people at the deli are super helpful, offering menus if you can't read the one on the wall and will make great suggestions and accommodations to your needs and want.
Don't forget to grab a really great snack too while you're there- they have amazing chocolate bars, an incredible drink case, tons of chip varieties and those addictive hi-chew candies in every flavor.
I know i'll be back here, who doesn't like fast / delicious / attentive service?I go here all the time for a quick bite to eat in the city. The food is fresh and there's a big variety. They offer good coffee, sandwiches, breakfast and even have a little grocery store with produce and frozen foods and much more. Super convenient and the staff is always very pleasant with a good sense of humor. They even offer a sandwich happy hour during the week. There is seating available as wellI pass Citi Market almost every evening and stop in every week or so for a made to order wrap. I like both the veggie and non-veggie options, both tasty and reasonably priced. I don't buy many groceries here, but I usually pick up a few things that I need. The staff has always been friendly, which is another reason I like giving them my money.This place has lots of great vegan options! I stopped by and got a vegan chicken salad wrap and it was really great. They have many, many vegan selections and it's a great place just to pop in for lunch or takeout dinner!I am almost 30 years old and I just had my first chicken Caesar wrap thanks to the wonderful existence of Citi Market. 
I've been veggie (not vegan) for a long time, and don't get me wrong, I love a good salad or vegetable hoagie as much as the next kid, but one thing that I miss is having the freedom to walk into a deli and have more than one or two lunch options - and choosing between different dressings or cheese doesn't count. Philly is absolutely looking out for "my kind," and I appreciate the inclusion of a 'shroom/tofu/bean burger/wrap/sandwich in more and more places, but I have yet to find a legit, casual, affordable, walk-in/walk-out place that has as awesome a vegetarian and vegan menu as Citi Market.
As soon as you enter this oasis, a blackboard greets you with a bunch of amazing veggie wrap and sandwich options - chicken (or, I guess "chicken" is more appropriate) Caesar, BBQ chicken, I think there was even a meatball sub. Then, to further boggle your tastebuds, there's a whole additional menu above the counter with tons more veg friendly delights. The magic continues in the back of the market, where there are cases and cases of super unique beverages and healthy snacks that are the same as what you would find in Whole Foods, but way easier on the wallet. I was able to snag a wrap and some coconut-water-mixed-with-unicorn-tears drink for about $8. Yay!
To top all of this magic off, the employees who work at Citi Market are incredibly friendly and managed to spell my name right on the first try.Very nice place to grab lunch at work.
Sandwiches are good and with vegetarian and vegan offerings.
One thing I miss is SYLVIA!!!! Where are you Sylvia???As far as neighborhood 'bodegas' go, Citi Market is as good as it gets. Clean, open, and airy, they have an ideal selection of everyday basics, fresh produce, and healthy (and not so healthy) snacks, with a focus on the organic. 
Amazing vegetarian/vegan options, including tofutti for bagels (halle-freakin'-lujah), and pre-packaged Singapore noodles that I crave on a biweekly basis. 
Citi Market has saved the day (or dinner) on many occasions, when I am just too exhausted or busy to cook. It's a bit pricey, but the convenience is worth it.When this place opened last fall, I was really psyched about it, it being right around the corner from Uarts. I quickly became addicted.  I wanted to stay true to Jean's, but I couldn't stop myself because of the  huge variety of vegetarian/vegan options. Also the organic and Asian items in the back of the store I often splurge on.
The veggie chicken hoagie is my usual, but sometimes I switch it up and get the veggie grilled chicken fajitas, or the 'create-your-own- panini thing, which has a so many choices. 
I also love Sylvia the morning/afternoon woman at the register. She is always very sweet.This place is insanely GREAT. The sandwiches are fresh, the menu is vast. If you're looking for an excellent sandwhich and don't have a lot of time, this is the place for you! The staff is amazing and attentive. They remember their customers/lunch orders after a while. I can't say enough about my experiences at Citi Market.My boyfriend's favorite place in Philly! Provide a lot of vegetarian/vegan options, which is why we like it so much. It's set up is like a deli/minimart mixed with a casual local coffee shop.. not so cozy that you would go out of your way to eat there, but if you'd rather munch on-site than take your sandwich to-go it's pleasant enough.  My only reason to take away a star is because they stopped stocking snapea crisps. Petty, I know. But they are my vice!!I work across the street from this place, so part of what I love is the convenience.
From the outside, it doesn't look like much. But inside, the store is MUCH larger than you'd think, and filled with all kinds of things.
As you walk in, there are a bunch of little tables with a view of the street. It's great for meeting a friend for quick coffee or working day lunch.
There's an extensive, veggie-friendly deli that makes food to order, at reasonable prices. Gluten free and vegan cookies! They have fresh produce, frozen meals, yogurts, TONS of drinks, and a regularly changing rotation of new things that you can try out. There are general groceries, too, but like any other mini mart, they're more than if you'd gone to, say, Superfresh.
The best part of this place is the service. The friendly lady behind the counter is awesome, and the people who make your sandwiches are always so nice.A nice surprice on Walnut Street - a deli with some healthier choices, like fresh cut veggies (carrot, celery, cucumber, green and yellow bell peppers and a few grape tomatoes) with dip for $3.19.
Sandwiches, coffee and grocery items, too.I give this place infinite stars. In my brain, because I can only really give it five. FIVE STARS!
I went to Citi Marketplace for the first time today, after walking by many times, as I work several blocks away and frequently pass by on my way to Maoz, kicking myself for forgetting to try it. Today, I remembered. 
Why Citi Marketplace rules.
1. It's inexpensive and it's 2009, we're in a recession, people! And you get what you pay for, as far as size, taste, and quality are concerned.
2. It's the only place I know of in town that makes veggie cheeseteaks and chicken steaks other than Gianna's. 
3. And here, I have the pleasure of talking to the happy, friendly group of people working behind the counter, instead of the lone, angry looking hipster at Gianna's. And Citi has air-conditioning.
4. Beyond the counter there's an excellent selection of grocery items. I didn't even get to venture beyond the front third of the aisles, but next time (before the week is through) I will definitely explore. I saw Salt & Pepper chips and this filled me with glee.
5. MAGAZINES! A great selection. 
6. Their menu is extensive, beyond vegetarian options. Salads, breakfast options, etc. Yes!
And since I can't think of a better way to spend my lunch break than eating a reasonably-priced veggie club and reading magazines in a comfortable, welcoming, air-conditioned shop, Citi takes the cake.Stumbled upon this great place round the corner from where I live. It's clean, spacious enough, has a good enough variety of food for your basic shopping and the employees are really friendly. I go here every few days to stock up on the basics. I went to the grocery store next door to Citi market (I forget its name) and I actually found a mouse in the bread aisle. No joke. So if you're ever on that street and in need of a sandwich/coffee/basic groceries, be sure to go into Citi...I have eaten lunch here virtually every single day since it opened. Its interior is very pleasant, compared with the VIP Market next door, which feels like a cave. It has a great variety of foods for lunch, from sandwiches and wraps to salads and soups. They have a lot of vegetarian options (the veggie chicken wraps are delicious as is the California salad). They have great organic products and plenty of healthy snack items, in addition to convenience basics such as milk and coffee filters. The staff is great. They are very friendly and will remember your name. There is a small seating area for dine-in and a great magazine selection.Let it be known that this is one of my favorite delicatessens in the city!  I actually walked into this store by accident when I first moved here, but it's probably the best mistake I've ever made.
The menu here is fairly extensive and features everything from breakfast to dinner.  They also have a lot of vegan/vegetarian options, which is wonderful.  Their ingredients are incredibly fresh and I have yet to get a bad sandwich here.  They use only Boar's Head lunchmeat here and you can really tell the difference.  Their sandwiches are slightly expensive, but they really give you a nice portion, so it's worth it.  
The front has a coffee counter, the deli, and plenty of tables/chair.  Towards the back, you'll find a well-stocked grocery store and a huge selection of beverages.  They also have cases full of fruits, veggies, and cheeses.  Because this is an Asian market, you can find a variety of Asian ingredients and products here.  The staff is incredibly friendly and the guys behind the deli counter can pound out your order in no time.  
This is definitely a go-to spot for me when I want a quick meal, especially after a long day at work when I'm too tired to make myself something.  So happy I stumbled upon this place.This place is awesome for vegetarian and healthy options. I'm a big fan of the "Natural Power-Fu" brand of sandwiches/tofu salads they bring in. They also have a good selection of frozen foods and ethnic sauces/flavorings and a sandwich bar with tasty veggie and tofu options. Prices are what you'd expect from a bodega as compared to a megastore (which is to say, a little on the high side). 
Their "no credit cards under $5" policy irks me, but the people who work here are super friendly and helpful, so I'll just suck it up and throw in an extra granola bar to get over the hump rather than gripe about it.THis place is a hidden gem, I've walked past many times and never stopped in today I had lunch there it hit the spot, I will keep it in mind for a quick easy lunch. The wrap I had today was pretty standard, I look forward to trying some of the other items. They have a full deli, a case full of fruits and fruit salads, every imaginable bottled beverage you could imagine and many grocery items!  :o)A new deli on Walnut Street, that offers a wide choice of grocery, organics, produces... The staff is friendly, the atmosphere cleaner and warmer than most delis and the prices a little higher... but overall, it's a good option for lunch and their "Buffalo Style Grilled Chicken Wrap" is delicious, I just wish they would put a little more Nachos with it.The staff are truly the reason Citi Marketplace gets 5 Stars!  If it weren't for Sylvia and Olivia I wouldn't go nearly as often (and it's directly across the street!).  They are the perfect place for a quick bite, fresh sandwich, salad, or homemade soup (but only in fall/winter).  Their prices are reasonable and everything is always very consistent.  The interior is well kept and bright and Mark Summers has been known to frequent there so you know it's clean! ;)Five stars for cheap but good. No, they don't have 5-star restaurant quality food, but you're not likely to find a place with cheaper food that's as well prepared. Loved the breakfast sandwich combo with a small coffee for $2.99. That's less than a grande iced coffee at Starbucks.A little more expensive than other places, but much higher quality. The staff is always friendly and the sandwiches are delicious.I used to love this place until they served me a veggie club with totally uncooked, cold veggie bacon.  I thought it was a mistake but when I took it back, the manager argued with me, saying that the bacon was cooked, on "the panini".  I know my Morningstar Farms veggie bacon, which he acknowledged this was, and there is no way to heat that to an internal temperature of 165 degrees, as per instructions, and have it look exactly as it looked when it came out of the freezer.  The manager also told me it could be eaten raw.  Good advice for a manager of a food establishment to give to customers?  I understand it's not meat, but if the product manufacturer says to cook it, I think you ought to cook it.  All he had to do was apologize and give me a new sandwich, but he chose instead to argue with me in front of his other customers.  I prefer not to give money to places that treat their customers like that, and that serve potentially dangerous food intentionally.I'm just baffled at how good their sandwiches are, and consistently so. Their soups are average and their selection is pretty interesting, as far as other food/household goods go...but dear lord, those veggie chicken cheesesteaks -- yes, Virginia, their fake meat and vegetarian options are both plentiful and yummy -- and club sandwiches are a great lunch and large enough to take home for a nice dinner too. 
Also, everybody there is so pleasant!I started going here the day it opened and after moving, I miss it so much! The owners are so friendly and really get to know you on a first-name basis. I was so thrilled with the vegan menu because vegan sandwiches (fake meat kind) aren't that readily made anywhere. It well priced and has great hours.This used to be my "go to" lunch place. I used to go here almost everyday because the food was good and the prices were reasonable.. Salads were the best!  fresh, organic and a really nice portion! Sandwiches were always good too! But it seems to have changed quite a bit. The portions seem to have become smaller too. I went back again after not having been there in a while just because I used to love this place. Got a tuna salad sandwich and soup. They got my soup ready before anyone even started to make the sandwich. Soup sat there cooling off. And when I got back to work to eat in my lunch room, my tuna salad sandwich on white bread with lettuce and tomatoes seemed more like a spread - I mean not much tuna salad on the sandwich and it didn't taste very good. tried to eat it but ended up throwing 1/2 of the sandwich in the trash.
 I haven't been back again since.  This is very disappointing to me becasue I loved this place and have sent so many co-workers here. I'm not likely to go back unless I hear from one of my co workers that things have imporved. Sorry Citi Market place! I hope you guys get it together and get back to the way things used to be. 
.Spacious, clean, good coffee selection, good customer service, nice menu, good selection of foods and other items.Come here for lunch from time to time. Always get a great panini. You get to pick what you want meat, cheese, fixings, roll/bread. All for a reasonable price and a pretty quick turn around time. Their other sandwiches and salads that I've had have all been winners. There are other deli's closer to where I work, but if I have the time to walk there, I pick Citi Marketplace.
Also has plenty of vegetarian/vegan options.I am only giving them four stars for their vegetarian menu. Everything is great. However, don't go there for a breakfast sandwich, or a regular chicken-salad sandwich - you will be disappointed.Citi Marketplace stands in stark contrast to VIP right down the street.  As opposed to dingy lighting, barebones climate control, and dirty floors as found in VIP, Citi is inviting, warm, constantly clean, and has a wide selection of organic foods and offbeat selections.  
I'd give it four stars, but I do have two minor complaints about it overall.  First, the service is incredibly slow for any sandwiches.  No matter if there's other patrons or not, I'm always waiting up to ten to fifteen minutes for a simple sandwich.  Also, the prices are a bit high, but I suppose you should expect that in a place with such a good, diverse collection of food and produce.
I'd definitely recommend it notwithstanding!Citi Marketplace is one of the few places i will cross broad to eat at on my very short lunch break!
Being a vegetarian in Center City gets kind of boring. Sure I can walk to all the new trendy places and wait in line for 25 minutes for an overpriced flavorless sandwich, but I'd rather not. Instead I walk across broad and buy a delicious fairly priced sandwich.
That being said, the veggie cheesesteak is da' bomb! the combination of seitan, veganese, cheese, lettuce, tomato and ketchup is perfect. I always suggest trying this  on some sort of roll, the wrap tends to fall apart pretty fast.
i'd also suggest the veggie club, although it seems like you can't make a bad choice!It started with the novelty of getting a breakfast sandwich in center city with veggie sausage and has since grown to a borderline obsession with everything Citi Marketplace. They have an amazing array of delicious vegetarian deli sandwiches made to order (try the veggie chicken salad= amazing) not to mention all the side components you could need for a healthy and satisfying meal. I can honestly say that I have loved everything I've ordered here.   But what really sends them soaring over the top is the staff. So unendingly pleasant and sweet, they can honestly turn your day around.. If I could, I would eat here every day.On days when work is going kind of slow and we have the time to walk over to 13th and walnut my coworkers and I reward ourselves with hot personal paninis. They also have EVERY bottled drink imaginable and a great selection of chips. 
Warning! they NEVER give you roasted red peppers when you ask for them. They are always yellow. What's that about? I have no idea. It is something I will never understand because it's not like red peppers are more expensive and it seems unlikely that they would mix up the word yellow and the word red. Perhaps the guy who makes the sandwiches is red/yellow colorblind. It's a mystery. Regardless, avoid the "roasted red peppers", go for the avocado because those are more expensive in real life and it makes any sandwich sick-nasty.Came here for breakfast and ordered a panini sandwich, which I paired with their homemade (I think?) potato salad.
Friendly service, good food, and reasonable price. I will definitely be coming back here.I came here for a breakfast sandwich one morning. My Turkey Bacon, Egg & Cheese was nothing too special I mean literally I can walk into any store and order it. I liked how they let you pick out what kind of bread you would like, So they do have fresh bread. While waiting for my sandwich I walked around and they do have quite a selection & assortment of different drinks & snacks. They also have vegetarian options which is nice.
The place is very clean & well kept. I will probably come here again & maybe order lunch.We decided to go here on a thundering, nasty, Saturday night. To our surprise the corned beef hoagie we ate was amazing. I could tell all the ingredients were pretty fresh. My wife liked everything too.
In addition they sell cool Japenese snacks like mochi and dried snow peas.
Most importantly the corned beef hoagie we ate was only $4.79. Compared to another famous deli in the area which has $15 sandwiches, this was a relief!
Great prices, great food, nice people.My girlfriend and I were looking for someplace to get lunch real quick one day, and I had suggested we walk towards IHOP, since I feel like I never explore the East side of Broad street enough. After getting to IHOP, we noticed the Citi Market and decided to give it a go. After walking into a somewhat seemingly endless store, we ordered sandwiches and got some drinks. What a selection! Everything from Joe Tea to Naked to Orangina, they have a drink that will go well with whatever kind of sandwich, wrap, panini that you order. The italian hoagie I had was awesome, well made and filling too. I would recommend this to anyone looking to switch up the regular Wawa hoagie routine.I love this place! It's just a shame it's so damn expensive...
They have a great array of foreign sweets, which I have a fun time with. They also carry Boar's Head and make a pretty gosh darn good Bagel w/ Lox.
If you have the money, and are looking for a yummy sandwich or fresh fruit salad, then stop by!Never fails to deliver fresh and sweet fruit cups ! Sandwiches are delish and place is very clean.  Ever need a quick grab then don't think twice !Take your typical bodega and now throw a bunch of money at it. This caters to a completely different person than the average sap who goes into your local rundown bodega. The food here isn't cheap, but it also has fairly unique options, it's not your typical sandwich place. Really like it, and I need to go here more often.This place is right around the corner from my job and I'm in there daily. The staff is super friendly, they have tons of gluten free, non-gmo, and vegan snacks and tons of vegetarian options at the deli. Definitely my go-to store when I'm around 13th and Walnut.I had a fresh made-to-order wrap that was ready quickly and tasted great! I'm so happy I stumbled upon this deli. It's reasonably priced and there are so many options. There's also a small convenience store with both gourmet and standard groceries. I'll definitely be back!Good lord, another update?
Every single time I've gone in here, I've been satisfied. Their breakfast sandwiches are great...way better than the street cart fare around the area (free coffee in the morning to boot!)  
Love the service, the food is tasty with just the right amount of spice/care, and their chip selection still rocks. Come here and eat/shop! I don't want to see this place disappear. 
I rarely give out 5's but I cannot find any reason NOT to give it to these guys and gals. Simply outstanding!Fresh bread, and the recommended cooked salami sandwich was sliced thin, piled high and rich and meaty. The corned beef was also quite good. Actually wasn't expecting anything, just a quick meal after an exhausting day before conking out in my hotel room across the street, but was extremely pleasantly surprised when I took my first bite. Philadelphia, if I never see you again, I will always remember you as the city of wonderful sandwiches.I get my breakfast here fairly frequently. But really it's cuz I'm a big fan of their organic mexican dark roast coffee. It's kinda inconsistent, but when it's great one of the best I've had in philly.This is a go to place for my co-workers and I for lunch.  Went today and made my own panini--can't go wrong for $5.99.  Got grilled chicken, cheddar, roasted red peppers, spinach and portabello mushrooms on an amazing multi-grain roll.  It was amazing.  Love the friendly staff there also.  Can't go wrong here!I stumbled upon Citi Marketplace a couple months ago while getting some stuff printed out for work.  I was drawn to their awning, emblazoned with one of the absolute worst typefaces known to man-- Jokerman...ugh.  I've found since then, however, that this is the only thing not to like about Citi Marketplace.  And if you're not a quirky artsy-fartsy pseudo designer like me, you'll find that there is nothing not to like, and that this place is pretty awesome.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
This place is very clean, unlike many of the neighboring convenience stores that are more reminiscent of NYC's little foreign-owned corner shops.  Rather, this is like Grocery meets Greenhouse (both are located 2 blocks over on Chestnut), with smart hardwood floors and modern-looking lighting.
THE FOOD/DELI:
I haven't tried lunch here yet, but I get breakfast here a couple times a week, braving the cold and the extra distance walked, for their delectable breakfast sandwiches...the best part is that they let you pick what you want it on-- you want it on a croissant?  Magnifique!  You want it on an everything bagel?  Mazel Tov!  You want it on a piece of focaccia?  Molto bene!  You literally hand it to them and let them know what you want, which I like.  It's ready in a snap, and they have a deal that gives you free coffee or in my case, tea with your sammich.  I've waited for 15 minutes elsewhere, but here, it's ready by the time I'm done browsing their grocery section.
THE GROCERY:
It's surprisingly comprehensive, I wish I had one closer to me, because I'd definitely need to shop at more-expensive Whole Foods less.  They have everything you'd expect from a breakfast/lunch spot (chips, drinks, what have you), but their selection of Asian cooking materials (for those like me who like to use their Wok but often need special ingredients) is very good.  They have a full row of frozen foods, making me think I could get most of my food shopping done here if I needed to.  I like to go there and pick out stuff to make dinner with later that night.  It's clean, easy to navigate, and the price is right around what you'd expect, no more, no less.
THE SERVICE:
How about the adorable young lady who works the register, she is always in a good mood, it lifts my spirits even on the most dismal of mornings.  They have learned my name, they know my "the usual" and they know how keep me coming back.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
This place is brand new, but I already say it's under-appreciated and I hope and predict that they'll see more business and stick around.  Sometimes I go back to the Greenhouse when I'm in the mood for a little sloppier and greasier (still delicious in its own right), but for the most part, this is my new spot and I recommend it to anyone in the area looking for good food, a well-stocked grocery, with a nice atmosphere and attitude to top it off.Absolutely LOVE this place- i would give this place 10 stars if I could. I love how they make fresh food (breakfast,lunch, and dinner ) and with tons of vegan options. Even the "fake meat" is so good, I couldnt tell the difference. 
Its a good place to eat with friends, pick up food, drink coffee, study, etc. Its also clean inside and the staff is very friendly.God how I love this place. It has all of my favorite things... hoagies, Dirty Chips, & other food goods that are hard to find elsewhere. I always always get either a turkey wrap/hoagie with pepper jack cheese, LTO, and spicy & honey mustards. Delicious! Top it off with a bag of jalapeno Dirty chips & I am good to go. The staff is always always super nice as well. Sure to get a smile out of you when you're not having the brightest of days.Great selection of goodies not typically available at the Wawa's or 7-11, but on the pricey side as convenience markets go. I went for a grilled chicken wrap with buffalo sauce which was good but not extraordinary.
I'm just glad to see more and more establishments carrying Boar's Head. It's 10 times better than Dietz and Watson.