This is a great place to take guests visiting with children, especially when the weather is not very friendly... There are some games for all age groups And the food is as expected/decent for this type of restaurant...My guests visiting especially  loved the French toast, But I guess the kitchen forgot some of their ingredients in their omelette. I got the heirloom tomatoes dish and it was very disappointing... It looked like it was someone's left over salad and Either I miss read the manual or the description was very misleading - especially regarding the cheese. And it up eating all the fries we order for the table -_-As a bar, this place has almost everything you'd want. Ping pong, small table games, couches, lots of space for standing and sitting, and also weekly trivia and a huge menu of food and beers! But coming in on Thursday, the crowd didn't meet my expectations. The food was pretty pricey, with a $15 burger coming with a side of chips (which no one at the table ate, the flavor was off or burnt or something). The french fries we ordered were a hit, just wish we asked for more aioli. The hush puppies were huge and came lightly citrus-tasting, which was enjoyable to some, and just alright to others. The burger was perfectly cooked, with delicious cheese and toppings that might make it my favorite burger I've had in a while! But not cheap to eat, as the price doesn't include fries. The chicken sandwich, the same price, was pretty good, but the volume of food doesn't make me want to order again. I really loved the mac and cheese after adding some salt and parmesan. I will be back again and maybe try a salad, but I'm glad I tried everything and can say that I've given Craft Hall a good go! I'm hoping they can attract more people to this cool space, and maybe start catering towards large groups, because they really do have something cool to offer.First time here and it is great! Huge open space with a variation of places to sit (ie: couches, high top tables, bar). Bartenders are personable, attentive and cocktails are fantastic. Jeff made an amazing manhattan for me. Fabulous beer selection, will be back!Awesome place for families with kids under 8.   Went there with a more than 10 adults and 5 kids. Plenty of space, good brunch menu.The BEST new addition, especially for families. Yummy food, great drinks, and an indoor playground. This has become our go-to spot on rainy days when we want to get out of the house and burn off some energy. 
If you don't have kids, don't worry! There are essentially two separate areas and it's possible to go have a wonderful time without interacting with too many littles.A-OK food and A-OK beer and quickly served (no table service but they'll run it to you). That said, good games for the kids and easy to find a spot given it's large open layout.  
Corn hole is placed next to a dining table which makes that a bit crammed too.  
Also the Nintendo NES Classic system controllers don't work because no one thought to kid-proof them by placing them in a rubber bumper case. So those are just for show. I think I tried them all and 2 controllers worked out of the 8.Huge brewer with restaurant seating! We came here for a birthday party/happy hour with coworkers and this place did not disappoint. Adequate table and seating for our large group. The beer was great and the food was even better. We were very into the outdoor seating option as well! You can just literally go out to the outdoor tables anytime you want. They also have a kid section or game area, which has a good amount of stuff to do. It's a neat place! I guess it's great for adults with their children in the DAYTIME. Not necessarily the night, but there seems to be quite enough for kids to do. I do mean older kids, not sure about babies haha. Bathrooms are very clean and spacious! This is a little cooler than Goose Island, only because of the additional space and games ( video games) they have here!This place is all hype. Also I was denied entrance because I was accompanied by my service dog (with proper ADA documentation) and the manager told me I couldn't come in with a "pet".Came here with my dad & step mom on a Saturday afternnon,  nice amount of people inside. They have a playground for children, I'm sure folks have a few quams with that but I didn't think much of it. They have a good beer list offering pilsners, stouts, ciders etc. Me and my dad both got a beer flight - you can choose any four with the exception of one beer because it came in a can. Each beer me and my dad chose were good. My favourite was the stout. The food was just okay. Ordered the smokehouse pizza and the crafty fries. The pizza had a good taste however it was really greasy (I had to put my tide pen to work). The fries were okay. Maybe if the grease from the pizza didn't overpower the taste of the fries, I would have nicer things to say about them. Other than that, this establishment is cool to grab a drink at, meet up with your friends, and just chill out. Check it out!I have been wondering when people would realize that we all want our kids to play while we eat/drink! Other than a McDonald's... 
Craft hall is a MUST for families with young kids! If you ever wished you could go out like you used to, if you ever yearned for feeling cool again... finally! You can have it all!
They were SO accommodating to the large group we had. I love that it is just bar service- you want water? Go get it! Ketchup? It's over there! YES! This is what people with kids want. Let us do it ourself so we don't have to wait for anyone! 
My kids loved every single detail about this place (1,3). They played for 3.5 hours, which is exactly 2.5 hours than we have ever managed to be anywhere else!!! 
Thank you craft hall -we will be back!!!!Fallon is a great bartender. I really appreciated her knowledge and expertise on the beer list. 
The brunch menu is pretty great, albeit a bit on the expensive side. $17 for chix and waffles is a bit extra. However, I will say it is probably the best chix and waffles I've ever had. Also, the the poutine with eggs was also bomb.com. 
The space is fantastic! The games are fun!The main attraction is the Pirate Ship, where as everything else you could say is Okay.  Some of the games are broken down like the skeeball and basketball hoop, they probably should just remove it.  If you're not going to do something right why do it at all.  You order at the bar and they serve it to you where you can find a spot.  The food is typical bar fare with a contemporary flare.  I got the fried chicken sandwich but the chicken was a little dry, the fries with the aoli sauce saved it for the meal.  My wife got a hefty portion of breakfast.  Would I come back?  Yes, cause this is more of a social place that you can bring other friend's with families to.Checked this place out with a group of 6 friends on a Saturday night about a week after it opened. The first thing we noticed is that it's not really close to anything, so unless you live in Fishtown, plan on a minimum $20 Uber to get there and back (ours was $45 from Grad Hospital). The vibe is a little bit confused. At first you're offered a sitting area with a collection of thrift store couches around a wood burning stove. Behind it, the industrial brewing operation. Farther down, a standard beer bar, bread-making kitchen, and... children's playground? I guess this will appeal to hip young parents. I made the mistake of showing up hungry and ordering a burger and wings. Both were very mediocre for the price. A friend ordered the grilled cheese, which had some kind of onion relish that she didn't appreciate. The beer list was lacking in IPAs and stouts. A live band was playing Weezer covers, which was kinda cool, except the concrete floors made for awful acoustics and it was genuinely difficult to have a conversation without yelling. All in all, I'm glad we checked it out, but didn't find a lot of reasons to return to Craft Hall.Honestly, I can't think of a better idea for parents with young children than a playground with beer. Kids are occupied, you're relaxed, and when it comes time for food, it's easy for kids to eat. I guess you get what your pay for, because it was pricier than I thought, but still worth it. 
The playground could be a smidge safer. Put railings on the ramp instead of rope. But other than that, a tremendous experience, even during an elementary school fundraiser.This review is specific to the kid area, which to me is like the main attraction of the place. The kid area is basically a bar and hodgepodge of kid related things - a large pirate ship playground, some games like skeeball and foosball, some Nintendos, and other stuff like, I guess, Mummers costumes and an old phone booth. First off, the layout is not great -- you can't see most of the play area from the seats and the hidden area is right next to double doors to outside. Also, they just opened and many of the games don't work, are missing their balls, or won't turn on. In addition, the menu is pricy and the drinks and food were underwhelming. For example, we ordered a Bloody Mary, which was $10, and just included Tito's vodka, Bloody Mary mix, and a lemon wedge. It is advertised as coming with Stateside vodka, but whatever. Just underwhelming. My main feeling about this place is it is a good idea but meh execution. It's the type of place you go and think, I could do this so much better.Stopped in with the wife and kids for Sunday brunch. And wow!! Cool spot for the kids to play, great brunch menu. Wife had mimosas while I drank the local lager!! 
Chicken & waffles, biscuit & scrapple, and crafty breakfast all delicious and so fresh! Will definitely be back.Stopped by Craft Hall today and boy was I surprised....This place has had a total overhaul and just opened today! Soft open, but all was in place, great service from the bar tenders, really good beer! And had some fantastic bites from the kitchen...go for the BBQ pork it's awesome.
What i really liked was that place is that it has a great hang out space to hang with friends but that it also a great area set up so that "friends with kids" can also come and hangout. You have gotta check this place out....seriously! Yea and great music too.We had so much fun today! We went with several families with little ones from 15 months to 2 years went for the afternoon and had a blast. The playground was crowded with kids (many different ages) so we had to stay close to our daughter as she ran around but in general it went really well. The beers were tasty and we liked the food a lot. The pizza, soft pretzel and wings were great. We'll be back! Love what you did with the space!This place is incredible. The beers are excellent. The menu is huge, which to me, is a good thing. I liked that it was family friendly but not to the point of it being obnoxious. 10/10 would reccomend anyone to go there.BEST DAMN VEGAN PIZZA IN PHILLY. I can't believe how could the pie was. I can't say enough great stuff about it. At this point, I wish I had a subscription to be able to get a pie every week   I'm so happy that I found this place. My life changed for the better.They turned this space into a gigantic indoor beer hall. Mainstay brewing provides a good mix of beer, and there's a big menu of pub food.
Tons of seating options are around, though on the weekend it was dominated by childrens birthday parties. There's a play area that makes it quite popular with local parents.
It's a decent place to watch sports, thought they turned off the Flyers mid-game to switch to some college football game, which is a cardinal sin in Philly.What a disappointment. As a parent with young kids in the neighborhood, I heard so much excitement about this place. It was not good. Service was awful- slow and indifferent.  They lost our order, resulting in cranky hungry kids. Then, they got the order wrong. Food was overpriced and mediocre. Worst of all, the play area (basically the whole point of coming, for us) was poorly thought out. It's a big wooden structure that you can't see many parts of from where you're sitting and eating. So it's not like you can sit and relax while eating and drinking and still keeping an eye on your kids. You have to keep getting up and looking for them. Also, there's a bunch of other random stuff in the play area that is broken or not appropriate for young kids - like a foosball table with handles right at 3-year-old eye poking level.  Yeah, I won't be back.Like what they did with the space. Feels huge inside.  The beers are solid, like they were when it was just mainstay open in the space. Main issue are the food prices, $15 for a burger and no fries, $4 for 1 pretzel stick, really let's rethink that this.No stars. Refused to let my service dog in yesterday. Rude welcome. Why won't this establishment follow laws and not ruin my family get together??? Do not support this restaurant.This place is a joke. We had an abysmal experience because of the "management".  Our party of 8 had come together because of a death in our family and were were treated horribly.  The manager, gestapo, Führer, whatever you want to call her is clearly on a massive power trip and feels that covid has made her more important than she will ever be.  We came in the door and asked for a table.  She proceeded make us wait an inordinate amount of time while she stared at her iPad as if trying to find us a table in an establishment with only 4 occupied tables.   She then rattled off the mask rules in a condescending and insulting tone and when we asked for clarification of her less than standard rules, she abruptly shut me up and held up her hand to stop me from speaking.  We were taken to our table which was a picnic bench style and outside.   There were 6 in our party and we were expecting 2 more.  When we got to our outside table, we took 2 chairs from a nearby empty table in order to accommodate our party.  Our server told us that the rude, power hungry manager said we can't use those chairs because the table was reserved.  There was no reserved sign on the table and the entire time we were there, not only was no one ever seated at that table, no one was even seated nearby.  Our remaining 2 party members arrived and were told not only could they not enter the establishment but they could not sit with us because the rules prevent more than 6 people at an inside table.  Again, we're were sitting outside.  Either This place should not be in business or the "manager" should be forced to take training classes in the HOSPITALITY industry or be fired.  We will never come back here again and will tell everyone we know NOT to even bother coming!A huge bar seating area , food, and children playing, what an interesting combination.  I went with a group of friends on a Sunday.  It was a light crowd in the bar area but had about 3 birthday parties in the center seated area and towards the children's play area.  They have reserved seating and the parties were for children and adults.
The bar area was pretty quiet until about 20 min before the Eagles game.  It became packed with folks ready to celebrate the eagles!  The tv monitors were strategically placed in perfect location and the game was on full audio blast.  So if you're into watching the football game at a bar this is the place.
This place serves brunch so we all had the opportunity to order brunch at the bar as well.  For a large party it's perfect because you don't have to split a bill.  You order at the bar get a number and sit anywhere, they will bring the food to you.  Well, that's great but the food wasn't the best.  Not horrible but nothing to write home about.
The woman's bathroom is pretty smelly due to the dirty poopy diapers being tossed in the trash after they use the changing table.  Not sure if the men's bathroom has this odor.For the last 9 years I have been dreaming of a comfortable space where you can take your kids to play, have a drink and some food while you relax with friends. So loaded up the family in the minivan and made the pilgrimage to the city and met up with two other of my girlfriends' families. This large industrial building is spacious and has a convenient location in Delaware Avenue and had lots of free parking around.  Outside they had some outdoor seating and a chicken coop, rabbit hutch and a little garden area with tables. 
Inside was ginormous and there were many large tables for big groups available to choose from.  We easily found a table for 8 kids and 6 adults.  The lower level had a play area for the kids and another bar.  There was a play structure to climb on, basketball game, tetherball, some video games (Mario, Kirby, etc), mini skew ball, a telephone booth, picture booth and a broken pinball and  broken shuffleboard table.  The kids area was definitely fun but if you look closely it didn't seem very safe or thought out.  Like the basketball game near the slide opening.  My daughter got nailed in the head.  The metal tether ball on a stage surrounded by concrete seemed a bit sketch.  I was a little anxious letting my kids play there.  
I did not have any beer on this visit but the group's consensus was that the beer was just OK.  We did order fries, pretzel with pimento cheese, the mussels, some pizzas and some collard greens.  Food was good for brewery fare.  They do have a kids menu.  The service was not that great on our visit either.Went for the 1st time since the Re open, cool atmosphere. Ordered the BRISKET Poutine because it just sounded gooood!!! Unfortunately it was just EH! When I asked the server if they normally don't put brisket on the BRISKET poutine she said it's chopped up real fine, it's there. I said I'll keep looking however none was found Also I would recommend working on the portion size, French fries are cheap more than a measly handful would be nice. We did not order anything else as I saw other food walking by and was skeptical.So amazing if you have kids!!! And the food was great! You order from the bar and have a number then they bring the food to you !! They have parking and they have a self service area for condiments and water... great place to come watch games and hang out with the kids  they also have a more adult section which is cool because it's ok a different level !If you are the parent of a toddler, like brunch and drinking while you brunch, and want to hang out with your friends who are also toddler parents, this place is a must in your Philly rotation. The giant indoor play area is ingenious, and the brunch food is better than it needs to be- the chicken and waffles are my personal fave. 
You do need to supervise your kids while they are playing, but I think that's the case whenever you're out and about? 
Appreciate the close proximity of the bathrooms to the kid area, and the chicken coops near the parking area- there's also an old/out of service fire engine near the parking area as well.Pretty dope. Craft beer, good food, kids playground, and Nintendo emulators. We Ordered the chicken sandwich and pull pork one. The pork was better. Ordered fries and Mac and cheese for kids. Mussels were good too.We've been meaning to check out Craft Hall since its new Dog Park Beer Garden installation. Currently, this is the only beer garden in the city that has a dog park so we were really excited to see what it has to offer. When we arrived, the dog park looked pretty crowded so we decided to grab a couple of drinks in the outdoor dining area.
There were other patrons dining outside with their dogs and it was a nice environment except for the occasional loud motorcycles on Columbus Blvd.
My husband placed our drink orders and a dog biscuit through contactless ordering. Our order arrived not long after. The drinks were all right. The dog biscuit was huge, which was great, but it was so hard to break into pieces and chew that we decided against giving it to our pup.
We also noticed many small shards of broken glasses on the ground in the outdoor dining area. A dog could easily have stepped on it and gotten hurt. My husband and the family from a neighboring table picked up the pieces of glass and removed them from the area but I'm very upset about this.
I really want to like Craft Hall but I don't think we will be back.First time here since when it was the old Yards, and boy how they've changed the interior. The public space now expands the whole length of the building. There's plenty of seating, lots of table games, not as many board games. It's good to hangout, especially bringing kids because there's a huge playground inside. The food was decent... small portions. Also there's chicken cages across the street... not sure what that's about.This place is a joke. We had an abysmal experience because of the "management".  Our party of 8 had come together because of a death in our family and were were treated horribly.  The manager, gestapo, Führer, whatever you want to call her is clearly on a massive power trip and feels that covid has made her more important than she will ever be.  We came in the door and asked for a table.  She proceeded make us wait an inordinate amount of time while she stared at her iPad as if trying to find us a table in an establishment with only 4 occupied tables.   She then rattled off the mask rules in a condescending and insulting tone and when asked for clarification of her over the top and above standard rules, she abruptly shut me up and held up her hand to stop me from speaking.  We were taken to our table which was a picnic bench style and outside.   There were 6 in our party and we were expecting 2 more.  When we got to our outside table, we took 2 chairs from a nearby empty table in order to accommodate our party.  Our server told us that the rude, power hungry manager said we can't use those chairs because the table was reserved.  There was no reserved sign on the table and the entire time we were there, not only was no one ever seated at that table, no one was even seated nearby.  Our remaining 2 party members arrived and were told not only could they not enter the establishment but they could not sit with us because the rules prevent more than 6 people at an inside table.  Again, we're were sitting outside.  Either this place should not be in business or the "manager" should be forced to take training classes in the HOSPITALITY industry or even better, be fired.  We will never come back here again and will tell everyone we know NOT to even bother coming!Horrible experience, will never return or recommend this place to anyone.
We came in on a Saturday and the place was nearly empty. The website specifically says, service animals are allowed with proper documentation. As soon as I entered with my service animal the general manager, JOSH, ran up to me and my group and refused service. He told us that service animals are not allowed by the company. He was rude and uncooperative. We came in with our family of 10 with small children and we were asked to leave.
To be honest, it felt as though there were other things at play here, more than Josh's lack of knowledge regarding service animals and the law. This was one of the worst experiences and we will never come back again.So this is going to be one of those places that polarizes people. Especially in this part of town. Some people have to understand what it is Craft Hall is trying to accomplish. This is young family experience during the day, and large group gathering place by night. This type of venue is not always accepted in this zip code. But I'm telling you, this is not a tourist trap and is a genuine establishment. It is also surrounded by some very tough competition with restaurants and bars in Fishtown and NoLibs. I have a pretty high standard when it comes to food and drink and I'm going to say outright that I like everything that is the Craft Hall concept. There is one issue, and that's the pricing of food. Cutting to the chase, here's what to expect:
Before you even get inside, there's one seating area where you can bring a beer or food outside, sit along Delaware ave and hang out next to the chickens and rabbits in their coops (you can't pet them but you can watch them hop around). It's slightly removed from the rest of the establishment but it could be a nice thing to do with kids if the weather is nice. It's quiet and doesn't smell like a chicken coop at all. I love all animals, so I think this is cool.
The Space:
As you walk into the enormous space I notice that it's air-conditioned very well. This was a problem in the space when it used to be Yards brewing. It's an old building, which I believe to be one of the last remnants of the Jack Frost Sugar refinery (someone fact check me?), and it would get uncomfortable at times. But the temperature inside was nice even on a 90 degree day. This converted warehouse is split up between different seating areas. One section has a number of couches to kick back on. Another is filled with high-top tables and a traditional L-shape bar. Towards the back there are low-top tables, a ping pong table, cornhole and a shuffleboard table. In the furthest corner separated from rest of the room is the playground and kids area. Beyond that through a single door on the back wall, is more outside seating that borders but is fenced off from Delaware Ave. I'd like to note that the playground is very separate from the bar area. I wasn't tripping on children while drinking my beer. I was also surprised that the noise level is reasonably quiet and pleasant. Aside from a twenty-something jokingly playing the baby shark song on the communal piano behind me.
The Food and Drink:
So Craft Hall hosts the Mainstay Independent Brewing company started up by former brew masters of Slyfox and the late great Saint Benjamin's Brewing. I'm going to say that if you think their beer is bad, you are just simply wrong. These are some of the best German style beers I've ever tried from an American brewery. And I've tried A LOT. They brew primarily classic German styles. Don't get me wrong, these styles aren't always user-friendly, but they have a great assortment here that should fit anyone's tastes (both hop-lovers and hop-haters) if you learn about what you're ordering. You might just have to ask the bartender a few questions and sample some first. The King Laird Hefeweizen is one of my all-time favorites now and is definite crowd pleaser. The food seems to be New American and comfort foods with some BBQ sprinkled in. They use Lost Bread Company bread for everything, which speaks for itself. The food is excellent and the only reason this place did not receive 5 stars from me is because the food is very expensive for relatively smaller portions. For this reason, I come here all the time now, but for the beer and atmosphere. It's odd to me about the pricing of the food because the beer and cocktails are very reasonable. You can get pitchers of many of their beers for $18. To-go pounder 4 packs are $10. Growlers of their flagships are $13. Why are hush puppies $10 and a tiny asparagus salad $12? I get snacks like the bread board or the pretzels but I usually don't eat a meal here. I love the menu but the pricing is just a little off for an order-and-take-a-number kind of place.  
The Service:
Bartenders were very cool. I talked quite a bit with a few different bartenders and they were all friendly and all knew what they were talking about when it came to food and drink. Like I said before, this place is an order-at-the-counter and grab a number kind of place, so it was nice that they all took time to talk to me despite being busy. 
The Overall:
I really like this place. If they were to adjust their food pricing on some items, I think I would happily update to 5 stars here. I would like this place to succeed, so hopefully this review clears up some misconceptions of the place. Comfortable seating, great beer, fun games, cool bartenders, decent food. Bonus points for chickens. Built for the young family outing, group happy hours, Sunday fundays or a beer after a jog along Delaware Ave. Just understand what it is people come here for and you'll really like this place too.I was really looking forward to a meal here cause I LOVE brisket! The black pepper rub was too overpowering for me and that's all I tasted, not the brisket. The Mac n cheese looked perfect but did not have a lot of flavor. Same thing for the corn bread, looked good but was dry.The space is very nice and open. We went on a day where they had a party and it was in a separated space but still open. There's a play area for the kids and it's nice. There's the climbing/slide space, a seesaw thing, some kind of old carnival ride piece that the kids can open and get into (my girl's favorite space), video games on part of one wall. We sat outside to eat. The food was ok. 
I really like being able to go and sit and grab a drink while the kids play.Stopped in and its like the old Yards times 300... Just a way cool industrial space with various sitting / standing areas. There is a fireplace area, a bar area, a plant area, an open table eating area, and then a huge play area for kids with swings and slides,,, what a concept,, so basically you can come with a bunch of friends with kids and let the kids go wild in the play area while you have some home made brews.. full kitchen which looks ok, but didn't see the menu, but knowing Avram Hornick he knows how to satisfy everyone's taste. This place is the bomb.
You don't have a sitter for the night, I'd take the kids here and let them go hog wild while you go hog wild ,, i hear though kids have to clear out by 9PM, but who's really watching...Hidden gem that's beyond 5 stars! Wish I took pictures but will definitely be going back. 
One of the greatest bbqs I've had! All the meet was so juicy, tender, and flavorful. We got the bbq tower which came with thick Texas toast that tasted like a thicker cornbread, with pickled vegetables, pickled onions, pickles that tasted like bread and butter pickled mixed with horseradish, and coleslaw. We got the jerk rubbed chicken, ribs, and brisket and the ribs were my favorite with the chicken a close 2nd. 
They also had specials on a Saturday night! $5 wings and pork poutine fries, both of which were delicious. The wings were better than expected, very juicy and flavorful. 
On top of that, very friendly staff, extensive beer selection, and really spacious with a cool interior. 
Highly recommend!While I understand how some places can be wary of dogs in their establishments, craft hall's website encourages bringing service dogs! But Josh rudely kicked me and my family out - this type of discrimination is illegal under PA law. Even if he was confused or misguided, it really doesn't make up for his aggressive behavior. We had children and my elderly parents with us! This wasn't the family friendly atmosphere the place was going for.Great concept but needs some work for sure. 
1) The menu is insanely expensive. Our sandwiches were pretty basic and came with zero sides--on average, a sandwich costs $15. I should have just ordered off the kids menu which at least includes fries. 
2) Tables by the play area are only high tops. This means the chairs are too high for small children to comfortably and safely sit. Babies in high chairs look absurd as they are so low compared to the adults and thus don't have any table surface for eating. 
3) Service needs help. The waitress wasn't familiar with the menu and then messed up my order. 
4) Play area is pretty cool. Definitely much better for walking kids who need less supervision. 
All in all, it's promising. I won't be running back but it's better than nothing. The space is large so I hope they come up with creative events,
revisit the menu, and rethink some of the table choices.This may be my new favorite place in the world!!  I got invited to the Christmas tree lighting event last night.  My biggest concern for craft Hall was that it is kid friendly.  My pure genius Craft Hall moment was when I saw the indoor playground for the kids was away from the general population.  Pure genius!!  Craft Hall has something for everyone.  Indoor playground, church pews, fire door tables, bar stools, thick leather chairs in the living room area and a wall of past presidents portraits and stories.  Almost forgot that patrons can watch the Craft Hall bakers make fresh bread and rolls.  Bonus viewing, the brewers are hard at work in their space right next to the bakers.  The food looked amazing.  Last night having another beer instead of the Tuna Melt seemed liked a good idea.  I have serious Tuna Melt remorse this morning.  Craft Hall is my new favorite place in the world.Tried to come here on a Sunday afternoon to have an early dinner with out of the state family and was rudely told that it was 21+ always unless with a parent/guardian. It was 5pm on a Sunday, I never had this issue elsewhere before. So we had to take a tired toddler and trekked elsewhere because my 20 year old cousin couldn't get in. I understand the 21+ rule after 9pm but not during the day. And if that's the case, it should explicitly be said on the site.I came here with my fiancé and two kiddos under 5. We came during the Oktoberfest festival. What appealed to us was the family friendly aspect of this brewery. There was a lower side with an indoor playground, like 20+ high chairs, and a TON of families; Walking in you wouldn't notice it because it's towards the back and the noise level doesn't affect the rest of the brewery. Our kids had a ball and we were able to enjoy ourselves without worrying if we were being nuisance to surrounding guest. Our food orders were brought up promptly and the quality was great! It was walk up to the bar service and everyone was very friendly. Parking could be slightly sparse but I noticed a lot of families ubered or walked from neighboring neighborhoods. They also had a small I've recommend this brewery to friends traveling with kids because it's rare to have somewhere so accommodating to families. After looking through their social media I noticed they do a lot of family friendly events and I love that! I will be back when visiting Philly !farm type petting zoo area with chickens and rabbits which was really cool for the kids. I hope more places adopt this to suit families.Craft Hall is a huge venue great for big groups looking for a casual drink. During COVID-times they have spaced out tables appropriately and I'd make a reservation if you're planning on coming here. On the menu, they have a large selection of beers of different styles and a number of food options. I tried one of the beer flights and was impressed that I enjoyed every beer I had selected. My friends were also pleased with their beers and their moscow mules. I didn't try any of the food myself but my friends said their choices were solid bar food. 
Overall, this is definitely a fun place for a big group looking to drink some brews!This place is seriously a genius idea and I'm not sure why there aren't more establishments capitalizing on parents with kids! Life doesn't end when you start a family and become parents. Most people would rather not pay a someone just so they can go out and grab a beer and a bite to eat!
This place has a huge indoor pirate ship structure that our 6 and 4 year old loved- they happily kept themselves occupied for a hour or two while we sat and relaxed and had some cocktails! We noticed a ton of play dates happening with other groups and will do this in the future with our friends! 
The menu was select albeit a bit pricey for bar bites, but the food was good- they did a nice brunch selection though!! There are TVs over the bars that you can catch the sporting events- I got to check the score of the US Open while I waited for our drinks this summer! There is a section with a foosball table and corn hole and another area for old Skool Nintendo games- a couple of the controllers were faulty but neat concept nonetheless- behind the pirate ship there are mini rock climbing walls that are perfectly kid sized- the irony is that we spent money at the Real Rock Wall next door only to have them go as high as the wall here! Rookie move! There is a big outdoor patio area and even a pettIng zoo of bunnies and chicks! Our littles  loved climbing the fire truck out front too!
All in all, a great place to gather families where there is something for everyoneGreat place to hangout. There is also a dog park. We like watching sports games here. There are many fun cocktails. Also, currently they have $15 steins and you get $7.99 I believe, refills (and you can keep the stein)! I did the weiss in a stein. 
Food has not disappointed yet. I've had the bbq tower, margarita pizza, mac n cheese, and friend chicken sandwich (awesome milk bread). 
They have board games you can play, as well as a jungle gym for kids. The whole place smells like an awesome bakery. Lots of room inside.I went for the dog park experience and all I can say is, "get a waitress outside" because after ten minutes of trying to load the app, it just wouldn't.  I hate all qr code menu ordering.  So I had to go in and really, I don't want to have to leave my dog with a stranger bc the website didn't load.  And $11 for a margarita rocks in a plastic cup... It's asking too much of the patrons.My boyfriend and I were looking for something different and came across Craft Hall and decided to give it a try. Upon entry, the restaurant/bar is quite big with plenty of space and seats available (all along the covid rules/guidelines). 
The menu offers a lot of handcrafted beers by Mainstay Independent and bread by Lost Bread Co. unfortunately, the restaurant was out of chicken wings so we weren't able to try it - bummer!
We opted for the pork poutines and the pork shoulder bbq platter. The poutines were actually quite delicious. The gravy was creamy with loaded with flavor. The pork shoulder platter was delicious as well. The pork was juicy and tender and came with a side of coleslaw, pickled beets and onions, and two slices of Lost Bread Co.
The bread was really good! It was buttery and you can actually taste the milk in it (creamy). Highly recommend if you are a beer fan!
The only downside was that the bar didn't offer anything else but beer. It would have been nice to see some wines and cocktails on the drink menu as well. I'm not much of a beer fan, but my boyfriend loves IPAs.