I am a long term frequent customer of this establishment. I just went in to order take out (3 apps) and was told they're too busy to do it. Really? The place is maybe half full at best. Does your dick reach your ass? Yes? Go fuck yourself! I'm a frequent customer AND great tipper. Glad that Kanella just opened. NEVER going back to dmitris!Dmitri's is the best Greek food in town. If you're a seafood lover, go for the shrimp pil pil and the octopus. The grilled lamb and chicken entrees are the only non seafood items, but they're fantastic. Make sure to get the hummus - it comes with unlimited warm grilled pita and baguette.
Also - BYOB! And they don't take reservations. Kitchen closes at 10 so make sure to get there by 9:30.If I could give this place 6 stars, I would.  Food is consistent, simple, and good.  People who are complaining about the cramped space and pissy waitresses need to relax- this is what a good BYO in a little homey neighborhood in a big city is like.  If you want room, go to Applebee's and request a booth.  Won't miss ya.
My husband and I always get the same thing- 1/2 and 1/2 (a combo plate with half hummus and half baba), sauteed mussels, smelts, shrimp scampi, and grilled octopus.  If we have room, the rice pudding is great.
FYI- plan in plenty of time to find parking, BYO, and cash only.We love good food and would rather have a fine meal in a mediocre space than a lousy meal in an elegant space.  Alas, our first (and last) experience here gave us a lousy meal in a mediocre setting.
* The space is drab and dreary.
* Tables crammed too close together
* Noise level excessively high - impossible to have a relaxed conversation, have to compete with too-loud talking at too-close tables, flatware and plates rattling on the stone tabletops
* Cheesy, cheap paper napkins at a not-cheap restaurant
* Worn, scuffed, cheap diner-type flatware 
* Bread that came with the hummus was stale, tasteless
* Rice and vegetable accompanied all four entrees - rice tasteless and lukewarm, greens mushy, overcooked, oily and unrecognizable
* Entrees rushed out before we had finished our apps
* For our wine, we were given old, small, worn-out flute-shaped glasses - totally inappropriate 
All in all, an entirely disappointing BYO meal at any cost, but especially so for close to $160 including gratuity for four apps, four entrees, two desserts.Yes, yes, yes, yesss! Dmitri's is a wonderful BYOB with delicious, fresh, flavorful food. The QV space is tiny, but not cramped. You get a great amount for the price and I have never had a bad dish. Only downside is I have experienced a "3" level service on a few occasions, but the food keeps me coming back.Love this BYOB.  Albeit the environment is cramp and loud, so not a good place for an intimate dinner.   However, the food always lures us back.  The grilled, whole fish is wonderful.  My husband is a big fan of the lamb.   It's a good lively night out, with wonderful full flavored food and attentive, friendly service.I've been to dmitris a few times and their food has never disappointed. It is authentic and fish is always fresh. Their food is hands down five stars. I am giving them four stars only because they require you to place your appetizers and main dishes at the same time but do not always allow for adequate time between courses. I don't mind placing orders for both at the same time, but they should definitely plan out the timing a little better. Other than than, dmitris is a great byob in queen village.Dinner was absolutely delicious. Everything is fresh and made in an open kitchen. Had the salmon and it was so tasty! Definitely worth the wait!I've been to Dmitri's twice, and both times I ordered the same entree.   I love squid, and it's always a rare treat when you find a place that serves it grilled instead of deep fried.  I love the concept, but for me the taste of the squid was overpowered by the taste of char from the grill.  When they say grilled, they mean GRILLED.  I used some extra lemon wedges to brighten it up a bit, which definitely helps, but I don't think I'll order that dish again. 
My boyfriend on the other hand, ordered the seafood combination - a tomato/garlic based broth with a ton of seafood.  I had total food envy.   The seafood combination pretty much had it all - shrimp, clams, mussels, tilapia, scallops.. super delicious. Next time, I'm ordering that.
Our appetizer was the shrimp scampi, and it was good, but they lose points for serving shrimp that hadn't been properly cleaned.  If you see that long, thin black "blood vein" in your shrimp, diner be ware.  That's not a vein, and it's not blood.  It's the digestive tract, and therefore I bet you can guess what that actually is.  (Ew)  
In the past I've had the shrimp pil pil, grilled octopus and hummus and those were pretty tasty.  Some of the smaller octopus pieces were overcooked, but overall it had good flavor.  
Will I be back? Yes.  But next time I'll be more "in the know" on what to order and what to skip.As a former patron of the Pine Street Dmitris, I had certain expectations. 
First off, I had no idea that this (and the northern Liberties locations) were BYO. I really wished I knew that ahead of time. It's always nice to have a glass of wine with a nice meal right? I was bummed. 
Secondly- the menu at his location was missing the saganaki (fried cheese) that the other now closed location had.
Perhaps my overall disappointment clouds my review but the only thing that stood out was the shrimp pilpil. Outstanding! Everything else was good. But I didn't leave as satisfied as I did at the other Dmitris. 
We ordered the grilled veggies which were good. 
The meatballs were eh. I had to ask what kind of meat they were and please be aware there is veal in them. I don't eat veal. I am
bummed once again. 
Fried calamari platter: needed salt. What the deuce guys? 
Overall the experience was unimpressive. 
While the ambiance is lovely, the waitstaff is banal, and I wish I had gone there prior to the other location because I would most likely have an entirely different take on the experience. 
I miss my Pine Street Dmitri's location. I hear they're putting in a Tria. Eh. Whatever.Yes, yes, and hell yeah.
Perfect little neighborhood place. Every dish was executed simply and flawlessly. The pics are 100% accurate and representative so if they appeal, then you'll be good here.
Maybe the best way to describe the food at Dmitri's is that everything they make really tastes like what it's supposed to. They don't hide behind sauce or spice. The overall experience is "authentic."
Orange almond cake for dessert was wonderfully unsweet. However I would much rather have had ice cream with it than the supplied whipped cream. (Thankfully the cream also was unsweetened - yea!)
The only significant improvement I can imagine is if they would make their own pita bread (vs store-bought). Though they do char it on the grill before serving - very tasty.
OK the only OTHER improvement I can imagine is if the chef would have personally spooned his piping hot scallops down my gullet, which did not seem in the cards, at least not on my first visit.Dmitri's is our family go to restaurant as we have been coming for the past 15 years. The food has been consistent - always fresh .. we never miss soft shell crab season with them.  The sautéed mussels are like no other - the hummus hands down best I've ever had. We frequent the best restaurants In Philadelphia - this is definitely one of our favorites. The restaurant has servers that have been there for years and that's just icing on the cake. We love Danielle - always a comfort  eating here.   Oh and don't forget the Greek coffee and rice pudding ! The best.I lived in Philadelphia about 10 years ago and loved Dmitris.  It was always a long wait but the food was great and service good.  I was back in town for a 15th year college reunion and decided to reminisce by coming here again on a MONDAY night for a good friend's birthday celebration.  When I arrived at 6:30pm - the restaurant had many empty seats.  We were a party of 5 but only 3 of us arrived early.  We were seated immediately.  The rest of the party came about 20 minutes later.  After 5 minutes - our waitress came over with an irritated "Is the rest of your party coming soon?"  After another 5 minutes - they basically said very rudely "Where are they?"  Meanwhile - there were still MANY empty tables (another table of 5 open) - I looked and there was nobody waiting.    When the rest of the party arrived, the waitress came over immediately to announce the specials of the day before my brother's butt touch his seat!  They're undercurrent was still hostile at best.  The restaurant did not fill up until 30 minutes after our entire party arrived and no more than 2 people were waiting at a time to be seated the entire time we were there.  I felt that the waitresses were rude and acted like it was some kind of sacred privilege to eat at Dmitris.  To add insult to injury - the food was NOT the way I remembered it.  The grilled octopus was dry and did not taste fresh.  The rest of the dishes were okay-good but not spectacular.  I feel that Dmitris is resting on its previous laurels.  I read a few yelp reviews and many complained about the rude waitstaff.  I will not patronized this establishment again and informed my Philly friends and family of the same.  This is America and who wants to pay to eat at a snooty mediocre place?My favorite restaurant - I bring everyone here and it is always a hit.  First, it's a BYOB which I like.  Parking is a bit tricky at times but not impossible.  The Mediterranean plate is quite tasty and large enough for 2-4 people.  It includes hummus, beets, lentils, baba ghanoush and tzatziki  (cucumbers) with pita bread.  Everything on the menu is excellent but my all time favorite, as well as everyone that has been here with me, is the fried flounder.  I am not a big fish eater, and I have no idea why it is so good... but it is amazing.
Oops this is a review for the Northern Liberties location.My suspicion about too-tough octopus being a regular problem has been confirmed...kinda disappointing.Very, very disappointing. I went here this past weekend for dinner and had a VERY mediocre meal. It was actually one of the worst meals I have had in the 6 years I've lived in Philly. Everything was very bland, like not even seasoned with salt and pepper bland. We ordered the grilled octopus appetizer which was very chewy and tasteless. The only dish that had any seasoning to it was the shrimp pil pil appetizer, which was tasty but nothing all that special. The entrees we ordered were all served with rice and escarole. Completely bland and unseasoned rice and escarole. My squid seemed fresh but had no seasoning at all. My dinner companions had similar complaints about the dishes they order (flounder, soft shell crab). Again, the fish seemed fresh but had no flavor or seasoning. I can't even say that the food was under-seasoned, it was just plain not seasoned.We went on more than a few recommendations so we were disappointed when most of our fish was overcooked.  We ordered the octopus, shrimp, and smelts.  It was really unfortunate because the hummus was wonderful and the service was fantastic.  Its so cozy in there and they don't rush you even though there is generally a wait.  It may have been an off night but there are really too many other places to try so we most likely won't go back.Food is off the charts amazing.  Got lucky and got a table for 2 quickly on a Friday night, but generally be prepared for a bit of a wait.  FYI this place is BYOB and only accepts cash or checks.  The food is SO worth it though.  Amazing.Love this place. A go-to favorite of ours. Very intimate so get there early on weekends since they don't take reservations. 
Food is delicious and quite reasonably priced. Love the Greek salad (no greens) and citrus avocado salad to start off. Spinach pie is great. The escarole pasta is a garlic lover's dream. Shrimp PilPil is usually a favorite of people. Grilled veggies, beets, etc all great sides for your meal. 
They always have good fish specials to check out. 
Never get tired of this place and we're never disappointed.THE BEST restaurant in Philadelphia, period! We've been coming here for years & it is & always has been consistently AMAZING! Everything is fresh & made to order. It is always busy, which is great. The service is always friendly, efficient & smooth! Even when it gets crazy busy here, it's always "service with a smile!" Nothing is too much to ask for, more napkins, ice.. whatever! I love the staff, they work very hard! The chefs are also so nice & friendly. It's really cozy & friendly here, they always remember us & greet us with big smiles! I love these gals... and boy oh boy, can they filet a fish or what?!   We LOVE the Shrimp Pil-Pil, of course the Octopus, salads are great....Branzino! Oh, & save room for the RICE PUDDING!  The best I've ever had! THANK YOU D'mitri's!The food here is really good and the menu is accommodating for different wallet sizes, which is always nice.  The only real problem with this place is the size.  It's a tight fit no matter where you're seated, and larger parties (any more than four) will DEFINITELY be cramped.  It's a nice quiet place for a small party, though, and don't forget to BYO!Dmitri's does simple food right.
It blows my mind how delicious they can make seafood taste. This small restaurant is the epitome of a Mediterranean BYO.  
They also give you a ton of food so it's even more affordable than it seems!
A can't miss: the grilled octopusWent there again tonight - and while the decor sure ain't 5 star - the food absolutely is!!!
Shrimp Scampi .
The world's BEST baba.
Simple grilled veggies with chunks of feta.
So cheap (cash only at this location) and so tasty.
Killer waitresses - they attack - beware!Teeny-tiny BYOB, tight quarters for dining indeed (is this the reason behind it not taking reservations?), especially if you're eating at the bar tables by the windows. Teeny-tiny tables with teeny-tiny wine glasses. Had to put bottles of wine practically on the floor because it wouldn't fit on the table. They barely fit our dishes, water glasses and wine by dinner time...
Came in around 7:45 and waited about an hour at New Wave before we got a table...
Small price to pay for good food you say? Meh. The food was good, not outrageous-pump-your-fists-in-the-air good.  Simple flavors and seasonings - I wasn't pumping my fists. I was Meh. 
Had a few of the small dishes.
Shrimp Pil-Pil stood out.  
Had the Ciopinno steam seafood combo. Broth was decent, seafood was good - but shrimp were tasteless and rubbery as was the calamari... Tasted the escarole and rice accompanying the scallop dishes (and the other dishes too, I presume) and it was a resounding bland meh- both needed salt - and god almighty - some Oomph - somewhere - please - although the scallops (both grilled and pan-fried) were pretty tasty. Still... an overall resounding Meh it my book.  
Had dessert, meh once more with the almond cake (other picks were rice pudding and a flan - Yawn!), looked sloppy - tasted alright. Served turkish coffee - in gasp! - coffee mugs.
Service was hurried, but pleasant.  Always refilled the water. They didn't rush us out of there after we were finished and let us drink our bottle of iced wine and gave us new teeny-tiny glasses with which to drink.Delicious and perfect. My friend and I went and brought two bottles of wine. We ordered all food and desserts to share. Service was great. Food was delicious. Space was tight, but that was expected. I wouldn't suggest this place for a large party but for a small intimate meal with friend or family, it's perfect :)Top 3 restaurants in Philly.  Try the Shrimp Pil Pil.  Simply Amazing.  I went to the Northern Liberties location and sat at the bar.  Great experience and looking forward to my next visit.Succulent seafood and fresh vegetables in ample portions. I would eat here every day if I could afford it.  You must try the octopus. Perfect for both an intimate date or a big group, as the menu accommodates adventurous eaters and the simple sort and dishes can be shared or devoured individually.   
Plan in advance or prepare to wait, unless you are an early eater.  No reservations. The queen village location is the smallest, and you may have better luck snagging a spot at the NoLibs location.As good at the other locations, I love Dmitris.  The baba is super smokey and delicious.  The salads are fresh and well dressed.  The fish is excellent.  They know how to do flavor here.  
Portions are large.  The servers at this location are super efficient.  This place is a tight squeeze and gets busy.  Dmitris is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly and I need to eat here more often.
* NOTE: Cash only.My friends and I went on a Monday night at around 7:30pm it was a nice quiet night the service was good. We had the calamari, scallops and salmon. The entrees were good but I thought the sides (rice and cooked lettuce) could have been better or at least have some options. It was a little pricey for what you received. Then we split the creme caramel which was ok it was very plain for a dessert. Overall not a bad place at all but wish there were a few more side options for the price of the dinner.On the weekends this spot is crowded but the wait isnt all that long. Besides if the wait is long just walk across the street to the bar, have a beer, throw some Dawts, or play pool. The waitress/hostess from Dimitri's will walk over to the bar and grab you when your table is ready!  BYOB -  bring the bottles of wine!  Probably white as Dimitri's serves Greek seafood.
I went to Dimitri's for three consecutive weekends. Once on a men's date (me and three other dudes). We ordered nearly every appetizer and a couple entrees and ate family style - thanks to the four bottle of fermented  grapes we cashed everything they brought out.  The octopus and is the best and I usually don't eat octopus.  Calimari is def noteworthy.
After that experience I really enjoyed myself but wasn't sure if it was b/c we feasted like viking beasts or b/c the food was really delish.  So the next weekend i took my GF. We had mussels, the fish of day, and hummus w/ pita. Oh yeah we had a bottle of wine too. When it's BYOB how can you not drink wine with every meal?. Anyhow the food was delish. The ambiance was date worthy; the open kitchen, seductive lighting in small dining area(8 tables) and small bar area (equivalent of 6 tables) gives a intimate yet  comfortable aura. The next weekend my GF and I went on a 2x date, and after a second successful dining occasion Dimitri's is now me and my girl's top three restaurants in Phil-a (we both love Tiffin too for our date nights).The best soft shell crab I have ever had! The sautéd mussels were amazing too! Great service. A bit small, very loud, and cash only.Great food, great service! Overall a great atmosphere and delicious Greek food. Price is great, though bringing your own wine eliminates the alcohol portion of the bill. Win/win really.
You may have difficulty getting a table so get there early. Also, bring cash, no credit cards.Absolutely love to go with a bottle of white (Byob) and get the grilled octopus, every time! The mussels sauté is amazing! The shrimp scampi is out of this world! The pita bread and olive oil are great! Sharing a whole fish with your date is fun as well, I like to get it deboned ! A must go for seafood and Greek food lovers!Consistently great seafood at decent prices.Sorry to say the service was just awful!!!! Really waitresses couldn't be bothered to get extra napkins, change plates in between courses, wipe off a table with water all over, bring take home containers ..So besides being placed at a tiny table for two ( we were three) the noise level being above normal , and terrible service I'd say the food was as good as any other Greek restaurant.Love, Love this place. 
Everything is good. Seriously. The waitstaff is friendly, and, in my opinion, the calamari is the the best in the city.  Try their bluefish - fish lovers won't be disappointed!food was bland, outdated, and expensive.  this is not an innovative restaurant.  octopus was chewy, rubbery, tasteless, and lacked any grilled flavor.  
we had the blue fish which was like a greasy fishy stew.  everything was just pretty awful. 
sad we wasted our money there.  definitely do not recommend to anyone.Hands down the best Greek restaurant in Philly. We love this place. Sea bass, grilled vegetables, olive oil w pita, not too noisy and not over crowded. Best neighborhood spot around!Dmitri's continues to be a certified go to spot for a great bite to eat. The place is small yet cozy, but not as stuffy as some other BYOBs in the area. As per normal, the meal starts with some freshly grilled pita and olive oil. We ordered the avocado citrus salad that was fresh and a good size. Many come to Dmitri's for the seafood, but my default meal is the lamb. It is always top notch. You can't go wrong with any of the standard seafood menu offerings.
In the winter be sure to sit towards the back of the restaurant. The consistent traffic of customers and people inquiring about the wait time through the front door tends to result in gusts of arctic through the front half of the place.Just re-discovered this place after forgetting about it for many years.  Food has been consistently excellent: spinach pie, shrimp pil pil, bluefish, octopus, grilled squid, etc.  Unadulterated classic clean flavors.  Only reason I give 4 and not 5 is that these guys could invest in some infrastructure like cutlery that does not easily bend, glasses that aren't chipped, chairs that don't feel like they will wobble and give way any moment.  All that said, great place to people watch, may be too loud to actually talk to your companions.  Don't worry, the deliciousness will offer enough to amuse you.I've been going to Dmitri's for the past 8 years or so a few times a year.  The food has always been delicious, fresh, and consistent.  The hummus is amazing.  The lamb is worth writing home about.  The beets, the calamari, the whole fish...the list goes on.  Part of the fun of the experience is checking in to wait for a table (very small place) and going across the street to the New Wave Cafe, a great little place in its own right, for a drink or two before dinner. The staff has even remained the same for years, something you rarely see these days - and they are all awesome.  If you're looking for a personal, fun little place for dinner with reasonable prices and a great vibe, check them out.
Quick tip - they are BYOB and cash only, so plan ahead.  The closest ATM is a few blocks away in a market...just like the others said, the wait is long. but boy is it worth it! the seafood is great, the service is a little weird at times but in all in all they were friendly, polite, and they definitely don't rush you out.. that is what i can't stand.
i recommend grilled scallops and fried calamari.  the reason this place gets 4 stars is because the rice tasted microwaved.  i could make better rice at home.  and the sides were overly cooked greens identical for the calamari and scallops.
if you don't want to wait and can afford to buy booze then go to the non-BYO location near rittenhouse.  
peace young ninjas, 
kGreat food, BYOB, but very poor service... always... I go a lot, but they rush you and are rude.  I suspect they think they are being cool but just being aloof and rude.  They tend to close the kitchen 15-30 minutes early if it's slow and push everyone out.  Young servers, always new ones.  Could be 5 stars if they adjusted their attitude in favor of costumer service.  The poo attitude must start at the top.... such a pity....The food is wonderful and fresh. The ambient noise was so LOUD I thought my ears would bleed!!! 
Grilled octopus even pleased a diner who thinks he doesn't like octopus. Grilled whole branzino was delicious but huge enough for 2 so I am glad we shared. This is a BYO so bring a good white wine like Sauvignon Blanc to complement their excellent seafood menu. 
I love the food, but will only go again very late or very early to avoid hearing damage.Went here on a Monday night at 8pm with two friends. They do not take reservations but luckily had a table available. The table was shared with another couple and VERY small. 
To eat we had the tomato and mozzarella salad, hummus, spinach pie, grilled octopus, shrimp pil pil, and seafood combination. Everything was very tasty. 
It is a byob. There was no room on the table for all the food. And the servers were not that friendly. I would go back for the food and hope the server is having a better day!I fell in love with this place when I moved to Philly about 8 years ago and for good reason.  The fish is amazingly fresh and the restaurant is, shall we say, an experience.  It's very small with an open kitchen so you actually feel the heat.  This location is BYO which is always a plus.  The hummus is fantastic and the octopus is one of my favorites anywhere.  If you're not local, parking around the place can be as hard as Chinese arithmetic.  Also, expect to wait for a table most nights as the place is popular, crowded, and tiny.  They'll likely send you across the street to New Wave Cafe to wait for your table.  Don't worry, they won't forget you.As a person that comes from a very similar cuisine background (West Turkey), I love to go to this place! The small plate dishes, the fish, all the seafood... everything reminds me of the good old mediterranean cuisine back at home! Since it is a BYOB restaurant, of course I dont forget to bring my Turkish Raki to accompany it! I even brought my parents from Turkey to this place during their visit and they loved it as for them it was the taste that they were used to at home... :)
For food recommendations, I would not recommend just going for the big entrees not because they aren't good but more because you want to taste more stuff than going for a one big meal. That's the mediterranean spirit! My usual combo is: Half hummus, half babaganoush (yes you can do that if you ask for it), the grilled octopus (a must!) and either one of the shrimp plates (I m a fan of the garlic one), a small portion of the calamari (they make big plates in small  and if you are more people also maybe an entree per 2-3 person to share. This way you can taste much more and still pay a reasonable amount!! :)
P.S.: 4 star is because of the waitresses because they are sometimes super rude and not friendly... but the food makes it worth!This is a fantastic seafood place. The food is simple, fresh, and delicious. You won't be able to mess it up the way they prepare the food. 
I havent had better calamari in this city and I've had a lot of calamari all over this city. The waitstaff is fantastic even when you go late. This place has great decor and ambiance. Perfect for a nice bottle of wine and a hot date.Love this place ! It's byob, first come, first serve, and hard to find parking. However, when all the stars align and you manage to get in and seated, this place knocks it out of the park! Service is fast and friendly. The atmosphere is lively and you can see the cooks doing their magic right behind the bar. 
The food was fresh and overall tasty. They start with bread and the chimichurri type sauce. (I don't know what it is but its parsley, herbs, and oil) it's by far our favorite. We had the tomato mozz salad which was relatively large portioned and delicious. The only disappointing thing was the hummus. The texture was fine, but the flavor was bland. I asked for more of the herb dipping sauce and mixed it in for flavor. 
I had the shrimp scampi which was so good! I rarely eat shrimp and this was delicious. I also ordered the plum pasta but was so full I only ate a bite. I will be enjoying my leftovers today for lunch ! My friend got the escarole pasta, and my boyfriend got the octopus platter. All had rave reviews. 
We left stuffed , reeking of garlic, and fully satiated with promises to be back soon! Eventually I would like to make it to dessert but that hasn't happened yet ! Next time!Short and sweet:  fresh healthy choices combined with good service.  Very small and tight space. I didn't like the idea of seeing the a box of cubed ice floor level near the coat rack.  I had the broiled scallops, it was good.