Love the sweet spiral plain pies at Franzones.  Can't go wrong with plain.  I tried the white pizza with onions in addition and it was a pleasant surprise.  The onions were a great addition to the pizza.  Same Franzone's as the Bridgeport one I grew up with.I really like Franzone's. The owner is typically around, super friendly, and seems to really care about the product. While I'm not a big fan of sweet sauce, they also do a decent cheesesteak, fries, etc. Honestly, they may have been closer to a 4 if not that it's always just a really pleasant experience going in, which boosts their rating for me.Visited Franzone's while I had 15 or so minutes to spare in the evening before having to rush off for an event. Overall, nothing too exciting, I ordered the cheesesteak, and was happy that it came pretty early (my friend and I were the only ones there) and didn't have any problems. The place had free wifi, which is always a plus!
However, when we arrived and asked to see the menu, they didn't have any on them, but they were super friendly so we laughed it off and used checked their online menu.Later on, because my friend and I were sharing a cheesesteak, we were so engrossed in our conversation that we I didn't think to get my own plate, one of the servers very thoughtfully brought us one. 
I didn't try their pizzas (yet), and I didn't leave raving about the place. I doubt I'll be craving anything, but because it's literally right under the Manayunk stop, I'd probably come back here again if I'm ever in the area.Its unfortunate that this restaurant has to hire such terrible people... The delivery driver was one of the rudest people I have ever encountered. My girlfriend placed the order but was indisposed at the time of the initial delivery call that happened at 4:25 pm and I answered the subsequent call 5 minutes later to be harassed and yelled at by the delivery driver for not answering the call. I apologized but he continued to yell at me on the phone. When I went down to pick up my food he continued to harass me outside of my apartment and yell at me after he gave me the food. I wish we hadn't already tipped him on grubhub or else he would have received zero dollars.Delicious sweet sauce pizza with a crispy thin crust.  The cheese and sauce are swirled on the pizza giving it just the right amount of sweetness.  Friendly people.If I could give 0 stars I would. This place is TRASH. First of all they kept telling me the wrong total price so I had to keep adding more food to meet the delivery charge until I realized when I got the receipt, they added the tax after the delivery charge so it was at least $10 over the real total!!!! All this so I can satisfy my craving of sweet potato fries and what do I get. BURNT SWEET POTATO FRIES. Why even deliver them to me? Who would eat this? Disgusting. No class, all about the money.Their service is amazing.   I ordered a pizza for delivery. (Love their pizza.)  The order was inadvertently written as a pickup.  I called and they apologize.  However they offered to make me a new one and deliver it all free of charge.  I am really impressed.Four stars for the pizza, which was excellent. The sauce had the right amount of sweetness, and the cheese was fresh and not overcooked as one may see outside of NYC. That's the good news. Now the bad. What's up with their ceaser salad? Skimpy on the chicken and hardly any dressing. Why bother to offer if you can't deliver. A ceaser salad is relatively simple and cheap to make so one would expect more than 8 little pieces of chicken. And I mean little as in smaller than a chicken nugget. But the pizza was the best by far and I can't wait to get another pie.Ordered a meatball parm hero to go, very good! Bread was amazing and toasted to perfection. Sauce was excellent. Could've used some more cheese. 
They were nice over the phone, had my order ready 15 mins after the call. Very nice when picking up as well. I'll be back!I say they have a solid pizza, based on getting slices there twice. Large, thin/foldable, with the right amount of cheese/sauce and a crust you'll want to finish. The second time I walked in about 5-10 minutes after closing, but they still were down to sell whatever slices they had, so they seem like decent folk. Getting a pie should only be better, which I hope to do soon. They're a block away from Main st., so if you're in the area for the evening, they're quite accessible.
Edit: After having ordered a couple pies from them, as expected they were great. I have to say, the pies are smaller than expected, particularly given the largeness of their individual slices. I'd dock them a point for their pies being smaller than what I'd expect for a typical pie, and a bit pricier too ($16). Oh well :\  If you overlook that though, you're in for a delicious treat. For myself personally, they were the tastiest NY style pizzas I've had in Philly thus far. Cheese, sauce and crust were all on point (I was really surprised by the crust...it's hard to find crust this tasty around here). I have to mention that they do this strange swirly thing with the sacuce/cheese, so that they're next to each other, and not layered on top of  one other (it's kind of like a margarita pie, except in a swirl instead of in splotches). Don't worry about that, the texture and tastes is just fine when you take a big bite into it. 
Anyhow, TL;DR  if you're in the Manayunk/Roxborough area, I highly recommend making them your go-to pizza place.Meh, the pizza was underwhelming and relatively expensive for the small size I got. They only offer three sizes, small, large and extra large (new size just introduced) but the small for around $18 was not worth the money. The thin crust was crunchy, had a light blackened taste - it was good. But the tomato sauce was too sweet and the pepperonis were kinda soggy. The small size pizza was smaller than I'd expect for the price as well.I'll be honest. You'll either LOVE this pizza or hate it.  I love it.  The sauce is VERY sweet and the cheese is not the greasy bubble gum mozz you normally get.  I happen to know the cheese blend, but I'm not revealing it.  This is saving me many miles hiking to Conshohocken.  They deliver to Bala Cynwyd! 
BTW, the crust is thin and crispy but not like a matzoh. This is really a distinctive Norristown style 'za.  Happy to have them in the ' Yunk.Franzone's Manayunk has awesome pizza, we have been patrons since before they landed in Plymouth Meeting. So glad to have them just down the street! Just started getting the Sicilian buy will be going back to the regular.... My family prefers that to the thicker crust on Sicilian. Also try the cheddar poppers! There's no bar but hey what a good excuse to head to Plymouth Meeting location, the table service is always awesome!Worst pizza I ever had. Sauce is too sweet. Pizza is not suppose to taste like that and I've been feeling sick all day. Don't go hereOrdered two pizzas last week just too try a new place.  This pizza is definatelly an acquired taste.  Crust looked like the ready made crusts you get at a bowling alley and it was not cooked well.  There was a swirl of sauce on top that tasted more like a marmalade than a tomato sauce.  I am sure some people will like this but not us.I was really excited to try this super sweet sauce, especially being a sweet sauce lover.  However, this tasted as if an entire bag of sugar was poured on the pizza.  It was just overwhelming and unsatisfying.  Beyond the sauce, the margarita pizza was under-cooked and by the end, was getting over-saturated with sauce to the point it was falling apart.  The pizza was a thin crust, and another minute in the oven would likely have done it more justice.  That said, I will not be back.Ordered two pies for the Game of Thrones finale. Had a plain since no one in our group had tried it before and a Cheesesteak pizza. Both were delicious. Slices were cut a little odd some bigger, some smaller. My only compliant. Will order from here again. Possibly this weekend!I think Franzones sucks and I haven't even tried the food yet..I ordered my food at 7:15 and it's now ...............8:45We had a great experience, Chris and Mike are fantastic! Food was awesome, we will definitely be back again soon!Great pizza! It is a sweet sauce with less cheese (which I like). One of the better pizza places in the manayunk/roxborough areaWe had Franzone's for the first time when we were In Bridgeport however it wasn't that great. We decided to try it again the other night because it was just too hot to cook! With apprehension we ordered the plain, popcorn chicken and sweet potatoe fries. To our surprise it was very good! I like my pizza to have a sweet sauce and a crispy bottom crust, Franzone's definitely nailed it! There's not really a good pizza joint in manayunk but this might be up to bat! The sweet potatoe fries were pretty decent, could have done without the popcorn chicken but everyone cares about the pizza here!Sometimes the pizza is really good. Other times it's meh. Tonight was undercooked. It's never consistent. And the customer service is bad.  The guy at the counter was SO rude tonight that I probably won't be back again.I've heard mixed things about Franzone's. People either love it or hate it, but I wanted to give it a shot. Unfortunately their delivery driver in the blue SUV drives around like a maniac, blew a stop sign, tailgated me up the street, then nearly ran me off the road as I tried to parallel park because he was in such a hurry. I'm an amazing parker by the way and had only just put my blinker on and begun to back into the spot before the driver impatiently zoomed around me and had to slam on the brakes to avoid hitting oncoming traffic. He then ran the next stop sign. I can't justify patronizing a business that employs people that put neighbors at risk like that.Ever since Pat and Bobby's went out of business I've been hoping for another good pizza/steaks joint to go to since my boyfriend and I live literally a block away from it. And to be honest, I am not a huge pizza eater. It's just hard to find that perfect type of pizza for me in this area. I finally have a favorite pizza place to eat from! The sauce is sweet which makes it my favorite part about it and it has that nice crunch, not soggy and doughy like other pizza places. Their cheese steak rolls were also very good. My boyfriend and I are definitely ordering from here again soon :)I love this sweet sauce pizza and the crust is amazing. The most delicious pizza I have had in twenty years! The best little secret in Plymouth meeting. My only problem was that it took me 3 months to find the place. LOL. They need a bigger sign closer on Ridge Ave.So happy they opened a location in Manayunk. Their pizza is amazing and has yet to disappoint.  It's definitely the best pizza in town.  Enough said.Pizza is really good here, reminds me of boardwalk style. Sweet sauce and thin crust. Calzones are also good, I really like their sauce.I ordered two mushroom slices to go here. When the slices came out it was still kinda lukewarm. By the time I got home there was no heat. I live about half a mile away on Main St. 
I liked the sauce. It was sweet and tasty. I'm not a fan of their mushrooms. The mushrooms looked like canned mushrooms. 
I guess my expectations are just different. Overall, try this place out and see for yourself.I will NEVER order delivery from here again. Over an hour and a half later and STILL no food. They were unwilling to refund or offer some sort of discount. They were also unapologetic about this obscene mistake. I don't even want to know what the food tastes like, especially if the service is this poor and the attitudes are that sour.yes, the sauce is sweet. yes, thats kind of weird, but in a good way. I liked this place a lot over the previous years, but I suspect they recently changed their dough recipe.  Even a fresh pie out of the over will turn to a cardboard crust when it's starts to cool even slightly. then it's a bit like a stack of copy paper being used as a vehicle  for sauce and cheese.  crust was inedible.This pizza really hits the mark for me. The sauce is what makes it so unique - sweet, tangy, wholesome - almost flavored like a tomato bisque but not exactly. You just have to try it to understand. 
The crust is nothing to gloss over either. It's light yet crispy, thin and complements the sauce. Nice line up of toppings to choose from as well. 
Seating is barstool style and a table or 2 outside. I've never had a problem finding a seat. BYOB too. My favorite pizza in Manayunk.Literally the dumbest employees ever. Guy working tonight taking order on phone couldn't answer simple questions. Lost my order even the grub hub employee who tried to help was like yea they hung up on me. Grub hub had to actually turn off their ordering since the guy was such an a hole. Zestos is better anyway.While out with my mother today we stopped by franzones for a quick salad, slice, and some wings. Let me tell you I was very pleased with the entire experience. Wings were tasty, salad was fresh, and the slice was great. The sauce is a bit sweet, and the crust had a nice crunch. Well worth the trip. Try the beat the clock special on Monday. Manayunk rejoice, you have franzones.Personnel does not seem to take hygiene / food safety too serious.
Pizza was meh, not good not bad.This review is just for the pizza as we got delivery. I highly the pizza was very good, I enjoyed the sweet sauce and the circular pattern of the cheese. The crust was very good it had a flaky taste but the bottom portion was very thin and a little to crisp for my liking. They only have one size so when we saw that the pepperoni was $21, we expected a very large pie but received a normal-sized pie. As much as I enjoyed the pizza, I think it was very overpriced. I will go there at some point to eat in since its byob and maybe the price of a slice will be more reasonable.I really wanted to love Franzones due to the convenient location and my desire for a solid local pizza joint. That being said, after my third meal here I have concluded that while the service is provided with a smile, the menu leaves a great deal to be desired.
My first take out order went awry when I received a Margherita pizza that was a pasty mess of pale dough, drenched in terribly sweet sauce, with wilted basil thrown on top. The mozzarella was nowhere to be seen and our friend who was visiting commented he had "never seen such an ugly pizza."
Our second order resulted in a mediocre cheesesteak  (stick to Sorrentino's across the street.)
Today was the final meal. We ordered a cheese pizza, sandwich, and wrap. The pizza came with way too much sauce, flavorless cheese, and the dough while crunchy tasted heavily of flour and was pale in appearance. My wrap, was served warm without the parmesan or Caesar dressing it was meant to be composed of. It was inedible and my significant other's sandwich was tossed after several bites.
I'll forgo the convenience for a meal more palatable. Sadly, this Franzone's seems worlds apart from the other locations. Two stars for service and a sad tummy still rumbling.Delivery takes over an hour and it showed up cold.  Kind of a shame because it would be one of the better Manayunk pizzas if they were more attentive to these service aspects.I love their pizza OMG. The sweetness of the tomato sauce with the light salted cheese blend very well together. I Work in King of Prussia so we always order from the Bridgeport location. I had no idea they have one right here close to me which is a definite plus. We ordered at 11:15pm and got us our pizza by 11:45pm. Late night pizza is great pizza...Ordered a whole pie and couldn't even finish the first slice. The toppings were good but the sauce and crust were way too sweet. Pizza should be savory.I have to say, the first pie I got from here was on point, and ever since, the quality has gotten worse and worse. I honestly think at this point I'll just go to the Conshy location because their product is consistent.Got delivery on a Friday night.. showed up to my door rather quick. The pizza was very good. The sauce is sweet and delicious. I also got wings which I was not that impressed with.. Classic bar food breaded wings that were not very crispy. The wing sauce was decent but nothing outstanding. Overall I would order again only for the pizza and to try some other menu options!We have been eating at the Conshy location - which is a full restaurant- for many years. The restaurants have great breakfast, salads, etc. This location is for pizza products and garlic bread only IMHO. It's true - you will like or hate this pizza. That's the whole point of it! This location is smaller so it's a different experience but pizza is the same. The pizza is exactly like each review says - whether it's a positive or negative one. Sounds crazy but my son and I love it and my other 2 kids think it's horrible. So even in our family we are split. It doesn't make sense to me for people to say pizza should be a certain way. Each place makes pizza differently. If you have a sweet tooth and like a lot of sauce and thin/breads crust (not crispy) - you will like this. Otherwise you will not. So try it - and if it's not for you then move on. I do think the delivery issues are important and although they warn you - delivery times are at least an hour. They deliver to us even though we are technically outside the area that the website says they deliver to you. And if you call from your landline you don't have to give them your address - makes me nuts that every week I have to tell our fav Chinese take out place our address and phone number. So - the reason that the reviews are so split is because it's a very unique pizza. You will always know if your eating a Franzones pizza. My son and I say pour in the sugar and slather with sauce - we even order it w extra sauce. We need forks to eat it because it's soft. My other kids would rather starve then eat this pizza. So to each their own with Franzones.I love their pizza OMG. The sweetness of the tomato sauce with the light salted cheese blends very well together. I Work in King of Prussia so we always order from the Bridgeport location. I had no idea they have one right here close to me which is a definite plus. We ordered at 11:15pm and got us our pizza by 11:45pm. Late night pizza is great pizza...This was the first restaurant I went to when I moved to Manayunk about 6 months ago, and I keep going back. Their pizza is unique. The sauce is sweeter. The cheese is in the circle pattern. Their crust is on point. I could eat a whole meal of just their pizza crust. I love ordering their pepperoni pizza with mushroom and black olives. I wasn't a huge fan of their calzones, but then again, I'm not sure if I like calzones in general so I can't fault them for that. Their delivery service is very fast. I also like sitting outside when it's nice out. It's a great location for people watching. Perfect for those summer evenings.The. Best. Pizza. Ever. So happy to have Franzone's in Manayunk so that I don't have to drive all the way to Conshohocken for my fix.  I actually prefer the gluten free pizza.  I wish they made a size bigger than 10 inches, maybe one day... The signature sauce!!!! Is amazing!Very good boardwalk style pizza. I highly recommend the cheesesteak egg rolls. This pizza is more saucy than cheesy, so if you're looking for a super cheesy pie, this probably won't be it. I happen to love sauce, so I don't mind! Recommend ordering from the actual restaurant and not grubhubFranzones made it to Manayunk. Great pizza ! Just as good as other locations. Plain is delicious, and so is the pepperoni.After seeing a bunch of eateries come and go from this corner, I am confident Franzone's has what it takes to stick around for the long term. However, having just finished a club sandwich, I must say it was not a lot of food for the $. I am still hungry. Savvy Yunkers know they can get a more substantive meal in the sandwich/hoagie genre for the same price or less at Sorrentino's or even Palm Tree. If they haven't already, I think the management would be wise to venture to their competitors and see what they are providing in terms of bang--in this case turkey, cheese, fixings--for the buck. Good crispy bacon, though. The soda also lacked bubbles, sweet potato fries soggy, and the slice I ate was not hot, but maybe they hurried it because I said I was hungry. Now that they have been here for a few months, some fine-tuning would go a long way.
Overall, the decor, open design, and countertop seating overlooking Cresson are a huge improvement and appealing. I also liked some of the salads on the original menu that are sometimes not available--those would be big hits in Yunk.This place is all about personal preference.  Do you like your sauce very sweet or not.  For me, the sauce is just not good.  I actually ordered a cheesesteak and fries from here but asked for a side of pizza sauce to try.  Not my thing.  I also asked for marinara sauce as sometimes I like to turn my cheesesteak into a pizza steak.  The marinara was AWFUL....no spices added at all....tasted like someone squeezed tomatoes into a cup and served it.  I watched the guy make my cheesesteak and was amazed to see nothing added....he literally pulled the frozen meat out, put it on the grill, and cooked it.....added some onions eventually but no salt, pepper, etc.  People are friendly but there are far better pizza and food options.  Pat's and Bobby's (the last place in this space) was 100 times better.I finally feel capable of reviewing the pizza here now that I've had it several times (including tonight). As I've heard from other people, you typically either love or hate the sweet sauce. I don't hate it, but it's definitely not my thing. I mean, if I need a quick bite, I will stop here for some slices without any problems. But for my personal preference, the sauce is meh. I get that some people are all about it and that's awesome! I've also had sammiches from here several times and they are definitely less than on par. It's mostly a pizza place, any sammiches lack any thought and/or seasoning. Service is always pleasant and quick. Unfortunately for me, Franzone's is really nothing to write home about.