Food here is good, woman who answered phone was extremely rude to me...very unprofessional1  Fried Meat Dumplings  $ 5.25
1  General Tso's Dinner Box  $ 7.75
I gave this a four stars but let me clarify. It is what it is. It's greasy unhealthy American-Chinese food thats cheap and has way too much salt. You know they don't serve general tso's in China right? But for what it is it's a cheap and solid dinner. The General Tso's Dinner box is is a typical combo of egg roll rice and the chicken. It's pretty good but I'd only say it's an average 3 stars, nothing sticks out. The real reason I order from Golden Chopsticks quite often is their fried meat dumplings. These are the thick heavy doughy dumplings, not the thin potstickers you might be used to and you get 8 with an order for less than 6 bucks. It's a lot of food and make sure you sleep with water next to your bed because it's very salty, in a good way. So again for what they are aiming for, they do a pretty decent job. Don't skip on the dumplings!I'm not sure if it's 100% vegetarian, but their tofu and green beans is awesome.This place has the best chicken wings and shrimp fried rice.  I order it at least 2-3 times per month.  The wings are big and they cook them according to your request.  I also love their shrimp and broccoli.  The shrimp are always plump and juicy and the broccoli is crisp, never overcooked and mushy.  Also, the delivery staff are always prompt and courteous.  I recommend anyone to try this place.Great value for Chinese food! Was super happy with General Tso's chicken for $6.75.  I wish this place was closer to me so I could walk-in, but I got it because it was rated highly on Uber eats. Will definitely order again!We order here with uber eats and the food is fantastic every time. not drowned in sauce, great flavor.Fast friendly service and speedy delivery when I'm starving at work! Ive only tried the Shrimp and Broccoli lunch special which comes with soup and a soda! My food is always delivered fast and very delicious! I will be trying other dishes from here!After ordering here 7 times I can confirm. Golden Chopsticks is the king of delivery Chinese food. Cheap and delicious. General Tso and Captain Lo are my goーtos. I commend the staff for their consistency!  I have tried almost every chinese place on ubber eats....No place comes even close in its price bracet! ...always a good betReally cheap, and this is the biggest advantage of this restaurant. But the food tasted...not that good. We ordered chicken noodle soup, fried beed dish and wonton soup, and both of us think that they are not delicious enough. But considered the price... it worths.I order from here a lot. The food is typical "American" Chinese, but it's the best in this neighborhood, unless you go to Chinatown. The hot and sour soup is pretty decent.
I do find it annoying that the delivery drivers always call me to say that they are at my door, and I go downstairs and wait outside another 5 minutes for them to actually show up. But I keep ordering from them so I guess it's worth it :/Only gotten delivery, but this food is amazing! At least, the dumplings and spring rolls are. It's all I usually get since it's more than enough to fill me up. The dumplings especially are worth a try. Eight pieces and so large and delicious you'll be full after four. Just tried the chicken low mein and this dish was also tasty and filling.Pretty good food for the price. Probably not the best but you can get a lot just for under $10 Restaurant is located in the center city in very convenient area. Can recommend to others!It is delicious number one all man you have to come in sit down and dine in because you just might want to order more that's how good it is you got buber eat coming in and out people ordering left and right is so much food coming out of this place it's delicious that's why I was one of the world's greatest restaurantMm yea GC is SUCKING these days. How complicated is it to make lo mein properly if you've been cooking it all day every day for... decades? Lo mein here has become consistently greasy & has a lovely burnt flavor. It's so oily that I leave the last few mouthfuls so I don't have a heart attack on the spot. The food here overall is overpriced and crappy. The one thing I order [shrimp w/broccoli] is really hard to F up, but eating with other folks has shown me how hit or miss GC is. For some reason it always takes 10 light years to get the food when I order in store for sit-down service. That gives me homicidal thoughts that I can't shake for days.
This place isn't even trying anymore. They know they don't have to because an entire neighborhood that's flush with cash thinks GC is the only viable option for Chinese. See all the reviews post 2008? They ain't lyin. Forget MY first review & get your Chinese somewhere else!This place has become a part of my lunchtime hunt as well as the reason why my paychecks dwindle so quickly. A part of me wishes i worked nowhere near good lunch spots. The other part is thankful that if i do consider takeout lunch at a spot nearby, it's at least good. 
That being said, this place is an ok chinese food spot. Depending on the food (lo mein) i might feel totally gross until the next day, like i ate a boatload of msg eventhough they say they use only vegetable oil. But other foods (fries and miso soup) are perfect cheap lunch go tos. Their miso soup gets an A+. The broth is delicious and theres an almost absurd amount of tofu and seaweed. Perfection. They're pretty cheap and that miso soup really does hit the spot after a long day of talking on the phone.Disrespectful & ungrateful managers. They gave me the wrong order (veg lomein; w/o tufu instead of w/), and I didn't notice until I got home. I called to tell them, and they made me bring the open, partially eaten, incorrect order back, and wouldn't let me keep it, even though it was THEIR mistake. The girl who said she was the manager was extremely rude to me, first saying that I couldn't have what I didn't pay for, (even though it was their mistake,) and kept making faces at me and treating me like I was a homeless person who was offending her, rather than a regular customer who lives in the building and regularly goes there. Well, never again. DO NOT GO if you prefer to get your food from people who treat you with respect.Delivery is my specialty. lol. I love ordering-out when I'm way too busy at work. Either late lunch or dinner. I have ordered the veggie dumplings fried and steam. It is really good. My fave is the Beef Cho Ho Fun extra spicy. They are just as good as Chinatown food. I've had many other menu items from here and have never been disappointed.
From String Beans in Garlic sauce to Fried Chicken. The only thing is the delivery sur charge. lol. $1.50 is not much to ask but if your a good tipper then that just sucks.
This would be a highly recommend place to order take-out. I get my deliveries to Brewerytown and they are pretty quick.The chicken wings are good and everything i had was fresh. I like there bubble tea aswell overall nice spotI had the worst chinese of my life here. That says a lot considering I have had chinese food in places like Utah and upstate New Hampshire. It was so greasy and foul I ended up throwing it out. I probably should have known better given the skeezy neon lights.
The eggrolls tasted like they had been fried, then thrown aside for 6 or so hours, and then refried in really dirty oil. So gross.
The chicken with broccoli was a greasy mess. It tasted like it had been reheated as well. The kung pow chicken was also swimming in old grease. 
I have heard other people say they like it, but I really don't think I am going to give them another chance. I'll stick with Chinatown.Tons of choices, great food. You get a good amt for the price! Food is fresh, wait is not long. I make frequent stops here and food has been fresh, crispy and hot and tastes great.I really do think that this is as good as American-Chinse gets. I live within a three minute walk between two different chinese restaurants though I always choose to order from here via Ubereats and have it delivered. It's inexpensive and they make surprisingly amazing bubble tea... who would have thought? just try itThe lunch specials are a well priced consistant portion, and the singapore mei-fun noodles are pretty good as well, a pretty standard local chinese take out spot, they deliver as well which is nice.Ordered on GrubHub. Picked up my order for 6 people 25 minutes later. Food was hot, fresh, delicious and inexpensive American-style Chinese food. Because I spent over $30, they gave me a free two-liter (pickup only).
Between this and the nearby Long River, Golden Chopstick has the superior takeout.Pretty good Chinese takeout. I order the same dish every time (general tso shrimp) and it's always delicious. I should probably branch out and try some of their other menu items but for now it's my go to place to satisfy that particular craving. 
My boyfriend also enjoys the meals from here, but wasn't too happy with one recent order so I'm deducting a star based on that.This place is gross and the staff at the register are so rude.  The ladies up front won't even look you in the eye and are always making rude comments.  We have been ordering there for awhile because its close to our house but I'm done.  Also, they have this nasty fish tank in the front of the restaurant that looks like it has not been cleaned in a few years.  If they don't care to clean something that their customers can see, than how clean must it be in that kitchen?Fast and convenient. Friendly staff and the food is great. I recommend take out after a few cocktails. We had egg too young, veggie fried rice and Ira he chicken. All worth returning for.I ordered take out from here last night, which apparently was a mistake. I was at a friend's house in NoLibs, which yes, is about 18ish blocks away, but still not that far.
It took close to 2 hours to get our food delivered. When the delivery guy finally arrived, he wouldn't hand me the bag, but kept showing me the receipt. I told him that I'd already paid because I ordered online. He then made me wait while he called his boss. During this process, he set the bag down on a step, only to have it topple over. Seriously, guy, you made us wait way too long, so just give me our food and beat it.
The food itself was whatever. Outside of Chinatown, all Chinese places taste relatively the same.Ordered for the second time in the last few months, got yelled at by the delivery guy for the second time in the last few months, so I think I'm done with Golden Chopstick. Not sure when this driver started but he calls you from his car and refuses to get out and bring you the food. Not much of a delivery service for a place that's sub-par to begin with.It's my go to Chinese take out place when I have a hankering for something different than what's offered on campus, and personally I really love their won ton soup, it's one of the best I've ever had. I'll definitely be frequenting here when I have my cravings!I have eaten here three times! In the realm of cheap Chinese food, there is no contest to be had. 
For $6/($8 during dinner hours) you can get a relatively generous portion of a main entree, rice, egg/spring roll and your choice of soup. 
That's crazy!!! 
Unlike other cheap Chinese food places:
The meet is fresh , each piece is separate, the flavors are unhealthy, but accurate to what the dish is supposed to be. Rice is not dry; and the Wonton soup is surprisingly good.
In it's price bracket, this place is a clear winner.I get the same thing every time I go in there: General Tso's chicken with brown rice. I've also tried the fried rice and spare ribs and the taste has always been consistent. The meats tastes and feels like what it should but it is very slathered in whatever sauce it is supposed to be in. The broccoli that comes with General Tso's is always freshly steamed. The fried rice isn't really greasy. I also haven't had food poisoning yet... The food is typical American-Chinese takeout but that is what I came for.
The downside is ordering, a lot of times I get nervous about placing an order, I don't know why really. This place is mainly take out so eating there isn't really an experience. A lot of time if it is the employees on lunch break or groups of students, you can them talking. (On a tangent, I have seen a few employees make dumplings at a table and it was kind of nice to see a moment they weren't being business-like with a customer.)The best American Chinese food I've ever had. I don't review on Chinese takeout but this place is on another level. When you walk in you immediately see that the place is busy with college students and other working people. So I wait in line just like the rest of the people waiting to order. So I get to the front and excepted a rude impatient female or male just like any other takeout place. But notice when I was talking that they was actually friendly and listening to my order. She repeated my order in a nicely calm person just to make sure that she had everything I said. For the people wondering what did I ordered. I got the general chicken lunch platter with wonton soup and egg roll and 4 chicken wings.  While I was waiting, on my right I seen that they won an award for best general chicken in Philadelphia. I forgot what year but it wasn't old. Being a "food critic" I wanted to see if it was really award type general chicken. So I went back to the front and waited. They call my number and I got my food then went to have a seat at one of the booths. When I sat down, I smelled the sauce and it smelled wonderful. When picked up the chicken, the sauce was coming down and I knew it was gonna be good. So tasted it and the chicken was steaming hot, fresh, big, moist, tender, and REAL. I can taste the hard work they put into it. I can see why they won an award, and the most important thing about it is that they are consistent. I can see why they're busy every single day. Not because most of their demographic is college students, it's because of consistently and freshness of it. My overall rating is 5/5 stars.OK, so I know you aren't expecting haute cuisine at place that looks so bland and has no atmosphere at all. This is a place for a quick lunch, nothing more. So none should be surprised to hear the food is just so-so. The wonton soup is the worst I've ever had, with wontons clearly made several days earlier, and too-salty broth. The noodles were just rubbery and filled with something reddish and nasty looking. And even though soup was the only thing I was ordering on 2 occasions, I still had to wait 10 minutes for them to ladle it out. So don't expect much from this place.Tried to give them yet another shot, but they are still really, really RUDE!!! And totally lack customer service skills all around! Their food is extremely subpar even though they seemingly get a lot of traffic.  We will not be going there ever again in this life!Based on my delivery order tonight - FIVE STARS.  
The food was SUPER SUPER tasty.  There are options to have a small portion - much appreciated, so I don't have to have the same meal for 5 times in row.  They even called me after I placed my online order that they were out of something - and helped me pick something else out to eat.  FAST delivery - even on the day that had intense rain storms.I finally found something I liked to eat here!  I had to wait an extra 20 minutes and watch a bunch of other people after me order and get their food, but at least I know they made my dish fresh to order and that probably contributes to why it tasted so much better than food I've gotten here previously.
I got the Beef Lo Mein and the noodles were tasty and the beef was tender.  Kind of a small portion for $5 but next time I'll get the Lunch special (75 cents more and it comes with rice and a drink or cup of soup). 
I also had an order of the Dumplings, which were tasty and you get eight large dumplings in an order.
The Cashew chicken has too much celery and is covered in some brown flavorless generic sauce.
Next time I will call in or use grub hub for my order.This place has some lackluster reviews but I do have to say the food was really cheap and prettty damn good. Probably will be my new goto Chinese Food place in the area.I judge a Chinese food restaurant by the wonton soup and Golden Chopstick is A-OK in my book. The food isn't gourmet, but at the same time it's solid. After much local experimentation, I think it might have landed the spot of go-to for basic Chinese take-out and delivery.
For my most recently order, my husband and I ordered a ton of food including multiple pints of wonton soups, Singapore Mei Fun, "diet" chicken & veggies with garlic sauce and a side of rice. They clearly thought there were more than two people dining because we got 4 fortune cookies. I'm always amused by their analysis of the number of diners based on the fortune cookies given. 
In any case, it was all tasty and stretched into two meals. Bottom line was that the food was flavorful and the dishes were prepared how they should be. I'll be ordering from them again.Decent food. Pretty quick service. But it's just pretty standard, so nothing to really write home about, but a good deal if you're just looking for some typical Chinese food.Delicious "yellow sign" Chinese food. Ordered online and food was ready in 15 mins. Ordered two dinner boxes - sesame chicken and boneless ribs. Both with fried rice, one with wonton soup (mediocre) and one with egg drop soup that was delicious. The food is exactly what you expect from a cheap hole in the wall Chinese food place - big portions and a little greasy but overall just what I was hoping for. We'll be coming back here frequently.I was looking for a new Chinese spot to eat at and I wanted some good. I heard about this restaurant and I went on Yelp to see pictures and read reviews by past customers. I decided to take a chance and I placed an order for my family through UberEATS. I am glad that I did.
I got the a special. It came with bourbon chicken, vegetable fried rice, chicken with rice soup and an egg roll. The bourbon chicken was good. The sauce was a little thin but overall the dish was good. The fried rice was not greasy. That is a plus. The soup was ok, not alot of rice or chicken, it was mostly broth. My nephew had the Szechuan beef with brown rice, egg drop soup and an egg roll. He said it was good and spicy and very flavorful. My brother had the Chicken and broccoli with vegetable fried rice, wonton soup (don't think the wontons are homemade) and an egg roll. He also enjoyed his meal. I didn't eat my egg roll because I was full. The guys liked their egg rolls. I will order from this restaurant again.So let me start by saying this Chinese restaurant is splendiferous. It's probably one of the the better "fast food" Chinese restaurants I have ever been to. I usually have delivery for the $10 dinner special, but occasionally find myself sitting down and enjoying the neon-lighted atmosphere in the hours between 12-2am. Only minimal downside to this fine Asian syndicate is they don't really provide any duck sauce in the take-out bags. For an individual who enjoys some sauce of duck with his egg roll this can become very off putting. Other than that, it's basically the bees kneesOk, I came here on the advice of co-workers who basically said "Don't eat at Long River" - which is across the street from my office.
So I trudged over the 2-3 blocks to Golden Chopstick, stood in a pretty long line and ordered a Chicken & Stringbean lunch special with brown rice to go. "Light on the sauce", I implored.
Service was friendly and the order took about 6-8 minutes to come out (not bad considering there were 7 people ahead of me.)
Walked the take-out grub back to my desk and voila.  Tasteless - abut thankfully not greasy due to the lack of sauce.  Beans were the best part - crisp.  Chicken (thankfully white meat) was bone dry and flavorless.
Not sure If I'd ever come back.
Now I am really in fear of Long River.  This is supposed to be the "good" Chinese place near my office.
Oh well.Why the hell did it take me so long to review this place? GC is my faaavorite Chinese place ever. 
As Jacquelin K. already pointed out, there's ample room to sit inside, but this place is mostly take-out. If you do happen to go in, check out the crazy fish tank in the back. The people at the counter are very gruff and business-like, but I think they secretly enjoy their clientele -- they always remember our usual order when my boyfriend and I go in. 
As for the food, I love it. It just tastes... cleaner, less greasy, than other places. I can't really explain it, it's just less shady. The chicken looks like chicken. The veggies look like real, crisp, good veggies. And when you order a dish, they always PACK the extras on. You'll never have enough rice to eat all of the veggies and meat you get [and they have pretty nice take-out containers, too]. 
As for delivery, they usually send a little guy on a motorbike. Just watch when using a credit card -- they often make the guy bring "the machine", which swipes your card and prints out a little receipt, but has been known to ghetto it up and not work on occasion. Sometimes they forget to tell the guy to bring the machine, too, so I've had to give the guy my cell phone to call the place before. So that's a little weird. Other than that, I have no qualms whatsoever with GC and will continue to fund their existence for the rest of my time in Philly. ^_^I love the food here!  My favorite is the general tsos chicken & the steak rolls.  It is my favorite Chinese restaurant hands down!The food is decent but do NOT do delivery. Ordered a few weeks ago, they said it'd be a half hour to 40 mins and it took over an hour. I figured everyone has an off night so tried again tonite. They said 45-an hour. I called after 1:20 they said he was on his way. He got here an hour and 35 mins after I placed the order. AND he refused to get out of his car and come up to my apt. Had to go downstairs and outside to meet him in his car. WTF?! Never ever has that happened in 8 years of living in this hi-rise building. Called to let them know of this awful service and the person on the phone was defensive. Ridiculous and we will not be returning.I live about two blocks away.  The food is pretty good, and minimally dodgy, but holy crap are they rude.  I went to pick up my little dinner, and the lady at the counter was beyond annoyed that I was there.  Additionally, they try to pull the $10 minimum on cards crap (which is actually not legal), but their ATM was broken.  She tried to make me buy more in order to use my debit card.  Sorry, no.  I was polite throughout the transaction and said "thank you" maybe three times throughout it, and she could barely be bothered to mumble out the bare minimum. ("ten dollar minimum" was about it.)  Even though this place is so close, I'll go out of my way to go to Sam at 5th and South instead.So, I order takeout from here pretty often.  It's fast, cheap, average Chinese food.  I've tried a variety of things from here and its all been very average.  I've never had anything to rave about.  It's pretty much what you would expect from a place like this and for the price.Finding a "good" Chinese take-out place has proven to be a hard task for HD and AP. Maybe HD and AP actually have no idea what "good" Chinese take-out is, but we have chosen to order from various places around the city. 
Golden Chopstick was recommended to us by a friend, so of course we gave it a try. Overall, we were satisfied with the pricing and the amount of food we received, but not as satisfied with the spice level of General Tso's sauce. HD ordered the General Tso's Shrimp and AP opted for the General Tso's Chicken. Both tasty, but in small amounts due to the spice level. (All personal preference here.) Delivery did take a little while longer than expected, but it was a Friday evening, so although one hour seemed like forever, it is expected. Although we may not order the same items from here again, overall we were satisfied and may venture to try other things on the menu. Check back in to see if we have an update!$10 minimum or $1 up charge for using a debit/credit card. Lunch specials are $7.   Improve your business practices.