We tried Izumi last night after reading the great reviews from here. It was a great eating experience. The place was small but had a comfotable feel and the waiter was great. He explained everything in an upbeat fashion and his recommendations were stellar. 
We got various sushi dishes such as the Rainbow Roll, Passyunk Roll, Spicy Tuna and California Roll. Which was the best Sushi I had in the city to this point. We will be returning soon to try different offerings.Let me start out by saying that I am a nut for good sushi. Out of probably 200 sushi bars I have been to, there are only 9 places in the world that I have been to that meet my criteria to be called a "good" sushi bar. Three are in Japan, 2 are in Los Angeles, 1 is in San Francisco, 2 are in New York, and then there's this place in sh*tty old Philadelphia, a 5 minute cab ride from my apartment in Center city. Izumi is nothing short of excellent in every way.
Any good food starts out with good ingredients. Making good traditional sushi is very simple: use good quality rice, prepared properly, excellent fish, and a dab of some good home-made "wasabi". Most places suck at all or some of these things. Not this place.
Small restaurant with maybe 4 staffers including one in the front-of-house. Hardest working people in the restaurant industry, those FOH guys. Probably only 30-35 seats, but when the place is full, they are running around like crazy, serving food, taking orders, busing tables, and seating new parties. The wait can be long, but it is worth it.
All of the fish I have had there (virtually every fish on the menu) has been perfect as sashimi and sushi, and their maki rolls are good as well. Special shout-outs for the tuna, salmon, super-white tuna (don't eat too much because of high wax content and digestive issues), and the oh toro. All are excellent in texture, quality, taste, and preparation. If you like spicy tuna rolls, you won't eat them again at your local neighborhood sushi joint. Each order is prepared individually from a filet of tuna scraped with a spoon. There's no giant tub of tuna scraps in the back mixed with mayo and a little sririacha served all day. 
The good food doesn't stop at the sushi, though. Their slow roasted beef shortrib is nothing short of "oh-my-goodness this is amazing".
We first visited Izumi by accident about 2 or 3 months ago, and now find ourselves there once a week. It's that good.I wanted to like Izumi but didn't. The host/waiter certainly was accommodating so service was not the issue. For the price I found the portion size to be very small.  When paying $13 for a roll I expect it to be much more hearty in size than an appetizer type roll that is more like a side dish than an entree.  The sea weed salad was nasty - although I felt like the waiter prepared us for the - others must have complained. The ginger chicken took a long time to cook but I am not sure why as when it came out it was still pink.  The flavor was ok but for $21 I would have expected to get more than an appetizer size portion of chicken. It was accompanied by a risotto which was flavored as salt. The saltiness was so overpowering that you couldn't taste anything else.  As someone who lived in Japan for four years and studied the language and culture for eleven I was underwhelmed by izumi.The food here was, simply put, amazing. I came here with three other people and we were able to get a reservation just a few hours beforehand (although it was a very cold night, so maybe it was an unpopular night for that reason). I'm pretty picky about sushi (and my boyfriend is even pickier) and we both loved it. The rock shrimp tempura was outstandingly fresh with a mild wasabi sauce and melt-in-your-mouth shrimp. The Izumi roll, scallops, and sashimi sampler were all great, although I've had slightly better tuna at other restaurants. Don't skip dessert here! The "un donut" dessert was unexpectedly delicious--almost like a cider donut, served fresh, hot, and crispy on the outside, soft in the middle. Considering the portion sizes you get in a typical sushi restaurant, I thought they were quite generous (the veggie tempura is a meal in itself).
It was a slow night at the restaurant and service was a bit slow (I think there was only one waiter), so I could see how that could be a problem when they are very busy. But, it wasn't enough of an issue to knock a star off.I want to like this place since it's right around the corner from me, but it's just less than mediocre sushi and way overpriced. The rolls are undersized and the fish is not very fresh. Good location, bad sushi, worse prices.My roommates and I came in here for dinner this past Friday and we were all pleasantly surprised about how good it was. We had never been there before and were all thought that is was going to be over priced with little to show for it. We all left very full and agreed we would go there again.  The quality of the fish was good and the service was good too.Came for lunch and had to say that despite the loud music, the food, atmosphere and location are great!  The food was in particular outstanding!
We started with their daily special - baby octopi in a sesame aoili - delicious! Tender, bright red baby octopi with a sumptious taste of raw octopi and sesame oil.
Then we had the sashimi sampler off the regular menu; I must say we quite enjoyed the grilled squid, tako, salmon, something else my coworker enjoyed and some very delicious white fish with a fantastic taste and texture we didn't recognize.  
We had the special maki roll - tuna & tobiko inside; crab outside - delicious!  They did not skimp on the tuna nor the real crab meat.
Hmmm... then we finished with a small plate of sushi which I must say was outstanding.  The fish tasted and felt fresh, tender & moist.  The accompanying spicy tuna roll was very very good; more tuna with a light kick than the standard unrecognizable super spicy mostly sauce spicy tuna you find at some places.  I'm not a fan of spicy anything roll because of this, but Izumi definitely put spicy tuna rolls back on my mind!I'm pretty apathetic about sushi and still loved my experience at Izumi. First of all, it's byob. Second, it's a nice atmosphere and somewhat upscale, which is not always the case with byob's. 
We went with a big group of seven and were struggling about how much to order, what to pick etc. Our waiter gave us a couple typical options, then offered to just select dishes for us and course it out - he promised to be fair with portions/prices, which I was pretty skeptical about, but it turned out amazing. He brought a sashimi appetizer, gyoza, tuna with avocado & ponzu sauce (EXCELLENT), a selection of maki (there was a special monster roll with soft shell crab on top that was great), then finally a selection of sashimi. It's not exactly what we would've ordered had we just done it ourselves, but everything was delicious and we each ended up paying around $25. Not tons of food, but definitely enough. 
Not bad at allWhat a great place!  I am not a fan of Sushi etc, but I have to say this is the first Japanese restaurant I've gone to where there are enough non Sushi items on the menu that I had a hard time choosing.  My choices were great.  Awesome tempura vegetables to start and then a ginger glaze short ribs (had to take some home they gave me so much) for entree.  I went with 2 friends who ARE into sushi etc and they both loved what they ordered.  It's a great place to go if there are suhshi fans and non fans in your group.  Everyone enjoyedExcellent customer service!!!  Service was  great and the food was very good!  The sushi was goodWe've eaten here a few times and had to stop and thank the Chefs every time. Try the Benny Roll (lightly fired and topped with Bonito flakes) and the Scallop small plate (served atop a slice of mozzarella and sauteed mushrooms). Excellent service in a nice setting too. Will definitely be continuing to eat here. Wish they were open later!Delicious the gyoza and rock shrimp tempura apps were amazing and the small sushi & sashimi was a perfect portion for two make sure to bring your own booze and enjoy the freshness and great serviceLast night, the Boy and I ventured down to the Philly Night Market in South Philly and like so many others, once we saw how long the lines were, we decided to find a restaurant to eat at instead, and just enjoy the ambiance. 
We've heard quite a bit about Izumi, and we're always on the lookout for GOOD sushi (not that many choices in this city), and since they were able to seat us right away at the bar, this seemed just perfect!
Flash forward 2 hours and 40 minutes later, we'd consumed roughly 6oz of food apiece. The kitchen had botched our order 3 times; the only way we managed to get any food whatsoever was when our concerned waitress wandered over every 40+ minutes to cock her head to one side and muse "oh, did you not get your such-and-such yet? I'll go check!" Only to put the order back in the kitchen's queue, not at the front of the line, where it should have gone. 
I take full blame for not standing up for myself and pointing out how ridiculous their multiple errors were. I'm not complainer by nature, but this was beyond any mistake I've seen in a restaurant. At the end of our stay, when the waitress sheepishly informed us that our last dish was "still cooking....slowly. Do you want to just get your check?" I told her to just forget it. We then saw them pull a raw piece of meat out of the oven and throw it away. We would have been there for another 45 minutes, at least. 
What infuriated us the most was the lack of offering to take something off the check, let alone comp the whole dinner. Or at least bring over something as a "while you're waiting" apology. I don't feel as though the world owes something to me, but I do believe in restaurant etiquette. The restaurant was crowded, but there wasn't a line out the door - it was just "normal full". As the tables around us were efficiently fed and turned over, I resigned myself to leaving a 0% tip (NEVER did that before!) and promised to  never darken their doorway again.
I give this place one star for 2 reasons: 1.) Yelp doesn't let you give zero stars 2.) The food that they did give us (a hastily ordered salmon-and-avocado roll and a spicy tuna roll - not exactly what you go to a destination sushi place to eat - just to have something to chew on!) was actually pretty good. Thanks for a lot of nothing, Izumi. Maybe I'll come back the next time I have a 3+ hour car inspection waiting time.Went here with a large group and we had a spectacular experience.
This Japanese BYO is a great idea and very well executed. We got the "one of every maki on the menu" special for $70 as a group appetizer, a nice selection of sushi and sashimi and three more non-fish entrees, shared all of it among a group of 8, and it came to something like $40 a head including tax and tip!
Add in the cool atmosphere, the great East Passyunk location, and the fun friendly service and this is a no-brainer for 5 stars.They really aren't kidding when they tell you that their seaweed salad is "different." It's different, and not in a positive way. It tastes as if it was soaking alongside fish. It tastes worse than seawater. It tastes like fishy water. If you like your seaweed, I assure you that you won't like this version. 
Other than that, the beef negimaki is tasty, but the sushi sashimi wasn't anything to brag about. I've had better sushi elsewhere.We love this place! From the open air setup and outdoor seating to the deliciously unique rolls and friendly wait staff... this is my friends and I's South Philly go-to. Though they're busy we can always get a good table on a Friday night.
The special roll is always a hit and my personal favorite is the Remy roll. The vegetarian/ vegan sushi is also amazing! If that's your thing... ask them to make you an avocado and sweet potato roll with benito flakes. 
What's really special though is their seaweed salad. This is no average run of the mill seaweek, and nothing like the typical you get at sushi joints. Their seaweed is FRESH and served in mellow vinegar and lemon. Absolutely delicious! Even my apprehensive friend was Wowed and loved it. The only reason why we didn't give Izumi 5 stars is we figured there are even more insane sushi spots we have yet to try... but for now, this is our favorite =)Might be the best sushi I've had since moving to the city over a year ago.  The waiter was helpful and we loved the atmosphere.  Already have another reservation.Excellent BYOB. I highly recommend the sushi. My favorite is the dragon roll. Each piece is a nice size portion.We like coming here once in awhile for date night. Service is always fantastic. Try the Passyunk, Paradiso and Izumi rolls. Honestly, try everything, it's just THAT good.I made reservations for a Tuesday evening at 7pm, but it was unnecessary as the restaurant was fairly empty. Our waiter forgot our green tea, and when we reminded him, he kindly made it on the house for the inconvenience. The food was delicious and fresh - my friend loved her Uni (which she had been craving) and Rock Shrimp, and I was delighted by the quantity and quality of fish in my Chirashi. After a great meal and good service, Izumi is now one of my top places for sushi in Philly.This place is a bit overrated. While the service was great, I think you can find better sushi almost anywhere you go. I didn't dislike my yellowtail canopy roll....but I also wasn't impressed by it. The yellowtail canopy was finely chopped rather than the normal whole pieces of fish, which I worried was hiding bad quality fish. I ended up removing it and basically just eating a spicy salmon roll. We also had the sashimi sampler (meh) and the pork dumplings which were actually very good. 
I probably wouldn't come back if not for our very attentive waiter.Good date spot, with solid sushi.  This past weekend I had a wonderful experience at Izumi.  The service was lovely, and the food was very good.  I am kind of a sushi snob, and I was overall impressed.  We ordered the Izumi Roll, Spider Roll, and Remy Roll, as well as a seaweed salad.  I went with someone who is not a big sushi eater, so we tried to select a variety of rolls.  The Remy Roll was by far my favorite.  The white fish was very fresh and tasty.  The other rolls were more standard with mostly cooked ingredients, but were delicious regardless. I loved the atmosphere.  We sat  outside and brought a couple of bottles.  The service was a little slow, but the staff was very nice and accommodating.  We were not in a rush and did not mind.  Overall, great dinner and I look forward to returning.Phenomenal food. Freshest sushi, delicious flavors. We got Izumi roll catepillar roll monster roll and yellowtail canopy and all were so flavorful and fresh. The seared scallops were also excellent. One of my new favorite sushi places.The first time I was here, it was a little crowded and I was the first to arrive for a party of 6. They didn't act like this was a problem at all and moved a few tables around to seat us, then right after we ordered a larger, more comfortable table opened and they moved us over. They acted like they were inconveniencing us and apologized a million times, then sent over an order of rock shrimp tempura on the house. Our waitress mentioned that the tuna was excellent that day so I had some sashimi, and she was right! I also shared the special roll of the day and some tuna and avocado rolls, and everything was really fresh and satisfying. Everyone at the table seemed to enjoy what they ordered and the service was great. I just made a reservation to go back for my birthday!
UPDATE: My birthday was an amazing success. Our server was so sweet and again the fish was so fresh and beautiful. This time the rock shrimp tempura was served in a wasabi aioli and was even better than last time. Also they are participating in foie gras week, and one of my friends did order that dish - I didn't try it but everyone who did seemed to like it. Izumi is now my go-to sushi spot, they make me so happy."Woohoo! As good as it gets!"
I've been hearing good things about this place for awhile so I decided to take the trip down to check it out for myself, and I was NOT disappointed. I just use yelp for its goods and never write reviews myself but this place was THAT good that I opened up an account to make sure everyone knows how great this place is!
All the specialty rolls (Passyunk, Tuna Canopy, and Caterpillar) were all AMAZING and filling. My party and I decided to do family style, so we order a Hot Entrees and YOU MUST try the ribs. We didn't even have to ask for a knife because the meat was that tender and it literally melted in my mouth. 
I believe our waiter JOE was taking care of all the tables in the place,  along with the hostess but I never felt like I was waiting around for his service. His recommendations were on point, especially the LYCHEE CREME BRULE, which was the perfect end to our meal.
Looking for another reason to treat myself out, so I can go back! :)Love this place! Everything tastes so fresh. Ordered the sashimi sampler platter and was blown away by how great everything was.The guy was great, he was a good server. 
server: we are know for our "UNI" he brag bout it then, after i order he said we only have it on weekends. 
Remove it on your weekday menu if you only have it on weekends. 
Other than that nothing special except its BYOB. 
Ambience was good, its located on the belt of Passyunk restaurant street.Awesome BYO in a great location. Were promptly seated for an 8pm reservation on a Friday night and our outdoor request was honored - huge plus, as it was a beautiful night. Service was good, not great - didn't see our waiter too much. Rolls were delicious as was the seaweed salad, which featured 3 different types of seaweed. Not the best sushi in Philly, but very reasonably priced and beautifully presented. Will definitely return regularly!I have been here three times. My first visit, shortly after the restaurant opened, was mediocre. I decided that I did not need to go back unless there was a good reason. Well it turns out I had a reason as my friend wanted to take me here, so I agreed to give it another go. I brought a bunch of wine, you know, in case the food was still not so great. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and the deliciousness of the rolls. I have since been back a third time and I enjoyed my meal again. As a note: I would not order the seaweed salad again as it is seaweed leaves. I have never ordered an entrée or desert here, but I never do at sushi restaurants. All in all, the atmosphere is nice, the service is good and I would go back.I suggested Izumi to my friend to see if we could disprove her theory that there isn't very good sushi in Center City.  It was very easy to get to via SEPTA and she had no problem finding street parking near the restaurant (the one-way streets can be a little frustrating so bring a GPS if you have one!).  
We came on a Thursday night at around 7 and found the place busy, but not full.  There was no wait and we had our choice of being seated inside or out.  Overall, we both really enjoyed everything we ordered and our server was friendly.  My only complaint was that there were so many "specials" that night that it was pretty hard to keep track as our server rattled that off.  Perhaps the good folks who run the restaurant might consider printing out the specials so patrons don't have to rely on their leaky memories.  We definitely look forward to returning and trying some of the entrees next time.We brought an out-of-town visitor to Izumi, who loves sushi and he was duly impressed. There's no doubt that Izumi is a good place to satisfy cravings for better sushi. And they are proud of what they do, as evidenced by the server's enthusiasm. 
Izumi has good superior sushi, but the price is a bit of a sucker punch. I used the strategy to sample a la carte sushi from offerings I never had before. That kept the price down (a bit) and also made the experience more special. It's a great place for celebrations or special occasions. The atmosphere is conducive to conversation and is BYO, which makes it more fun and affordable.We have dined there before but tonight I was absolutely crushed and disappointed. Do not book them on Open Table. We went to our reservation at our appointed time. They tried to seat us at a counter with no backs on the seats. This was unacceptable especially as it was my husband's 50th birthday and I had put it in the notes as such. It's Open Table not open half counter. The host told us there were no tables. We were not late for our reservation so obviously they are overstating their table allotment. Furious! Luckily we were on East Passyunk where many excellent restaurants are steps away. Will never book there again!I Live directly across the street from Izumi and, because I had to suffer through the early morning construction for what seemed to be an eternity, I expected to hate it.  It's true, what can I say, 8 am buzzsaws make me very cantankerous.  I was even more concerned when I read about their plans to put tables around the fountain in the intersection in the warm weather months, as P'unk ave drinkers sometimes tend to forget that people do, in fact, live here and can be a little over boisterous at 2am.  In light of all that, I agreed to try the place out very reluctantly.  I'm really glad I did.
My boyfriend, one of my friends and I decided to give Izumi a whirl on a warm Friday night about a month ago or so.  They had not yet gotten clearance from the neighborhood association to expand their outside seating to the fountain and the place was packed.  The server who met us at the door cheerfully informed us that there would be an hour wait for seating and that they are a BYOB, but that Paradiso has take out if we wanted to grab a six pack to bring back with us.  She also listed all of the bars along the Ave that would be good places to hang out while we waited and offered to call our cell phones when our table was ready.  Needless to say, Izumi had me at "Hello".   Where else can you get such VIP service without actually having to throw money around like you're a high roller?
We returned home to have a beer and wait for the call, which came pretty quickly with an offer to sit at the counter if we wanted, or to wait the full hour for a table.  We elected to sit at the counter and within mere minutes, we were happily seated with full wine glasses and were enjoying the show of sushi chefs adeptly carving through jewel like pieces of fish.  
Now, I have to admit here that I am not the most adventurous  of sushi eaters and I typically stick to California rolls and veggie rolls.  However, the boyfriend was very excited that they had sea urchin on the menu and he went to town ordering a ton of ala cart sashimi and a few pieces of sushi.  I stuck to my old standby of California roll and tried Izumi's Passyunk Ave Roll, which is shrimp tempura with some kind of spicy crab salad.  What truly impressed me was this, the California roll was less expensive than any of the take out and fast service sushi places throughout the city and it contained REAL CRAB.  With a C, and not a K!   An hour later we were all happily stuffed to the gills and ready for a nap.  I will return to Izumi for sure.  And, now that they do have those fountain side tables set up, I have been happily reassured that they are not creating a neighborhood nuisance, but a charmingly local place that seems to bring a lot of relaxed smiles to the Ave!This place wasn't bad but compared to doma vic's or other sushi places its not that great. The best thing we had was the soft shell crab appetizer which had a really good lobster sauce. Sushi and fish were decentThis place is wayyy overpriced and the sushi isnt all that great. Ordered the spider rolls tempura, and an eel roll.Service was alright and nice setting.  I've had better at smaller sushi places such as  Terryinn. I wouldnt bother coming here again. Only reason was of the outside seating next to the fountain and because i live in walking distance.My group and I were asked to leave because they had to make room for more people. I will never eat here again. I hope the manager sees this. They should be ashamed!Very good food and fast and polite service. However, for the price it would be nice to have more room and more atmosphere. I made a reservation for 8pm on a Friday and showed up on time but had to make the choice between waiting for a table or sitting at the bar. I do not recommend sitting at the bar seating because it feels like you are at a lunch counter with the cooks passing food over your head to the servers. So what is the point of making a reservation then?I've been coming here for a while now. Tonight we came on a Tuesday night and there was only one server with no busboy to help him. Granted, he was very quick and efficient but there was no way he could take care of 10 tables without sacrificing on service. I'm giving it a 3 star tonight for the long wait. Maybe this will prompt them to at least get a busboy to help.Omgggg I have been to almost every Japanese restaurant in Philly, Izumi is by far the best japanese restaurant in Philly! All their dishes are awesome. 
Although their location is quite remote from the city center making it a little inconvenient, but their quality of food makes up for this!!! 
Service: very professional and made great recommendations. 
Here are some of my favorite menu:
1. Special monster rolls (my favorite. It is so good that we ordered the second one) 
2. Tuna (in small platter section)
3. Surf and turf ( this is a special menu and it was awesome!!! It consist of perfectly cooked medium rare wagyu beef and seared scallop) 
4. Seared scallops (in small platter section)
5. sunomono (good for light appetizer but some may think that it is not that great compared to other alternatives but I still like it) 
6.uni sashimi is awesome. (But if u don't like sashimi then u might want to skip this. Their scent can be strong for those who are not used to uni) 
7. Pan seared scallop (large plate section. I think this menu is good but not great as compared to other menu I just recommended but if u are a scallop fan like I am, you will like this menu too since the scallops are served with mashed taro blended with potato and some vegetable purée which is so good) 
However, there are some menu which I think is so so:
1. Passyunk avenue roll
2. Tuna wasabi salsa
As for dessert, their chocolate bread pudding served with coconut ice cream is superbbbb. Love it!! 
We also ordered lychee creme brûlée, which is also good but a little too sweet in my opinion. (But please note that I like not-too-sweet dessert so my standard of how sweet things is might not be accurate compared to most other people haha)My friend decided to do her birthday dinner here and I must say that she made a good pick! Aside from the sashimi, maki and special rolls, which were all great, we also ordered fresh uni/sea urchin. It was my first time having it and boy was it good! After hearing stories of others first time experiences eating uni, I'm glad mine was a good one! 
The place has a warm feel to it when walking in, with modern decor and cool lighting under the bar. The staff was very accommodating as well. One thing I really liked was that the server took the time to tell us what each roll or item was after bringing it out. A lot of times I'm left figuring out what was what that I ordered at sushi places. Oh and might I add, it's BYOB:) Will I be back?! You can count on it!Izumi has some of the most creative sushi and entrees in the City.  The inventiveness and combinations are outstanding.  The service is excellent.  I recommend it highlyI was very impressed with the quality of the fish and the craftmanship of their sushi chef.  The Oh Toro and the Amber Jack ( a type of yellowtail) came enveloped in a very fine delicate seasoning and melted like butter in my mouth. We had the Izumi roll which had freshly roasted seaweed that were crisp which enhanced the taste of the fish. The yellowtail and scallion maki rolls were also delicious. 
We ended of meal with house made green tea ice cream that had just the right amount of bitterness to give it a kick. 
The fact that it's a BYOB makes it so much more affordable.  I'm definitely going back for more.We visited Philadelphia and were looking for good Japanese restaurant.  We went to Izumi since Yelp's reviews were good.  However we are so disappointed at their nigiri.   We are native Japanese living in California, so probably higher standard than normal, but we could not believe their sushi.  My colleague thinks that they used one day old rice.  Rice was hard and ruined the taste of fish.  We ordered $50 sushi set and for that price, we expected to get something much better.Walked out after waiting 20+ min with no server offering to get us drinks or take our order. There were at least 2 servers, one of them passed us several times and never told us that she would need a minute and the other made direct eye contact, saw we hadn't been helped, and still did nothing.  The place wasn't packed (2 tables free and several seats at the bar) and another table that was sat after us was already being helped.  This was a Friday at 9pm. 
Worst service I've experienced in a long time.This is a nice sushi place. By 'nice' I mean classy decor/ambiance and fancy-looking food in minuscule portions. 
I understand this is sushi, and sushi comes at a price. But when you spend $60 for two people and still have to stop at Wendy's on the way to the movie theater afterward, the tiny amounts of food better be pretty amazing to be worth it. The $25 sashimi platter comes with precisely 15 small and pretty thin but artistically cut slices of 5 kinds of fish. Two were your standard salmon and tuna, and the other three were fluke, mackerel, and something like snapper or yellowtail, I don't quite remember. While the sushi here was marginally better than many less-expensive sushi restaurants, I'm not sure it was worth the price markup. For me, there's a threshold where, once sushi is reasonably good, I care more about being able to get full without breaking the bank over minute improvements in fish quality. 
That being said, the sushi here is pretty tasty (especially the spicy tuna maki and the mackerel sashimi). If you want to impress someone with a fancy sushi place and spend a lot of money in the process (I would guess ~$100 per couple to get full), then this is your place (or Morimoto, I guess). If you just want tasty sushi at a reasonable price, there are plenty of better options in Philly.First time here, and I enjoyed my experience very much! It's BYO, so make sure you bring something if you want to drink. We brought a six pack, since there's a nice bottle shop right across the street. The server very graciously said, "Let me take care of those for you," and put all of our beers in an ice bucket. He took the time to observe what we had brought and came back to the table asking us what we would like to start with, naming the beers we purchased. That was such a nice touch!  Our server was very polite, very professional, ready to make suggestions, and not intrusive at all. I would give the service six stars if I could!
The food was nice and there was a lot of variety! I am very new to sushi, so I probably can't say whether it was the best sushi ever, but I liked the rolls we chose! My favorite was the caterpillar role.
Would recommend if you're in the neighborhood :)This place is situated in the heart of Passyunk. I need to stop parking at the Acme lot when I come here but the street parking really dries up after 7pm. 
This place was packed for 9pm on a Wednesday, it is byob so feel free to get loaded off of your favorite drinks. 
We ordered the braised beef short rib, Izumi roll, remy roll, and lychee creme brûlée. 
The sushi came out first. The sushi was very average. I did not know the remy roll was going to be deep fried or I would not have ordered it. This should definitely mentioned on the menu. Also it was only 5 pieces so be prepared to starve. 
The braised beef short rib was also very good. The portions were tiny. 
The server should have offered up his knowledge of the menu and suggested 3 rolls minimum per person. 
The lychee creme brûlée saved this place from a 2 star back alley beatdown. This was absolutely delicious. It was really ugly as they did not dress this dessert up at all with any garnish or special plating but the flavor was out of this world. 
I'll be back for the lychee creme brûlée. But I am hoping to find it at another restaurant so I never have to come back here.I can't even. As far as sushi in Philly goes, if you love it and don't eat here immediately I fear for your sanity. Seriously. I have been hearing about this place for quite some time and finally got around to trying it out. I'll be back every chance I get and get the cured eel dish each of those times. Oh man, and the sashimi? To die. That caterpillar roll is like a texture tsunami that floods your taste buds with awesome. Did I skip the part about it also being hugely vegetarian friendly? Because our server (the service was great all around and our server was a gem) suggested some off menu options to my veg BF and darn it if those weren't some tasty rolls. 
Basically, go here. A lot. Try stuff, ask questions, relax because the staff will help you and it will be glorious.Found Izumi after passing by on a whim. I just recently moved to Philly and got off of work early and decided to stop by. The service was excellent and it was the servers first day. Being a chef it is hard to find a place with great service but is is more difficult to find a place with great service from a new server. Sushi was exceptional. I have had sushi in Tokyo, Yokohama, and Hiroshima, and it was a pleasant reminder of how great sushi should be. Two thumbs way up. Check it outOne night my husband and I decided on a whim to go to Izumi.  Again, I am out of my comfort zone, but enjoying doing this more and more.  When we arrived, there were no tables available, but the young man that greeted us said he could seat us at the sushi bar, which was fine with both of us.  We were lucky enough to have the seats right near where the cooked dishes are done and able to talk to the chef.  Now I have not been eating sushi for very long and I have been less than adventurous with what I have chosen.  Tonight was a bit different.  Along with the selections I usually choose, Philly Roll, California rolls, we tried some other selections suggested by the server.  He was very helpful and able to explain the different dishes and how they are prepared very well.  We made our selections including dishes with eel sauce (eek) and kobe beef (which of course I ordered well).  The eel sauce was yummy, I was surprised.  All of the sushi selections were very delicious.  Getting to the kobe beef dish.  I did order it well, I don't like pink meat.  The chef asked if he could make a suggestion saying that this cut of beef doesn't fare well when cooked in this manner, but assured us if that was what I wanted he would do it.  I decided to throw caution to the wind and told him to cook it the way he thinks it should be done.  I don't think I have ever had a better tasting piece of beef.  It was a while ago, so I don't quite remember what the desserts were, but they were extremely yummy.  We had no leftovers of anything!  I'd like to go back to the service we received.  On this Thursday night the restaurant was full, as was the sushi bar.  There was one server who also served as busboy.  We received the most amazing service!  Not once was he neglectful, he did not fail to fill our water glasses at all times and food was served timely.  What a wonderful experience and I look forward to another visit to Izumi sometime soon!