Delicious and very nicely presented. We had J Sushi and Fire Roll and fantastic. Excellent service and great value.My go-to spot for low key take out/sit in sushi.  Excellent food, quick turn around and contemporary inside.  Highly recommend.  Only suggestion would be to add much more soy sauce packets in the to-go bag :)This place has an amazing lunch special. I definitely recommend the lunch special that has two sushi rolls and a salad for 9 dollars. If you go to Jefferson it is really close by as well, so definitely come after exams.Yesterday was my dad's birthday. I ordered sushi from J sushi again. I ordered sushi deluxe, salmon belly, yellowtail belly, fresh scallop, live lobster appetizer, king crab appetizer, and live lobster mango salad. It tastes so good. Their fish is always so fresh, salmon belly is melt in the mouth. I can wait to try more of their menu.We love this place! We live around the corner and get sushi here probably once a week. It's extremely fresh, inexpensive and quick.First time trying out this spot with 2 other fiends. We got the All you can eat for $25/Per Person. We got two rounds of sushi. 

We came in on a Monday around 7:30pm and we were the only ones there! Started to fill up by 8:30pm. Good for parties of 2-5 as he tables are smaller. 

Quality of fish was great, everything tasted amazing! I deducted one star because there was only one waiter and one sushi chef. Getting our food took painfully long as people started to come in. If you're looking for a good deal and quality sushi this is the place. Be prepared to wait for your food though. 

I'll be back!!I've been there twice. And I'd like to introduce it to all my friends. The best sushi place in cc.
My favorite one is black dragon roll, which made by eel and Tampula. The eel is so fresh and has perfect traditional eel-soy sauce taste. The waitress told me that they use the expensive kind of eel from market. I believe it cause you can really taste that!
I also like the J special roll, has tuna at top. The sophisticated texture of each layer give your tongue a luxurious massage.
For the appetizer, Seaweed salad is the one you won't wanna miss. Very Japanese, fresh and chewy arouse your appetite. The fried dumpling is just fried so perfect, the light crispy bottom is just... professional!!
Last but not least, service is so good! Take care you you very much. They let us see how they made food at open bar, which is interesting! 
Already be their loyal customer!I've only ever ordered delivery from here, but this is my favorite affordable sushi place in Philly. They don't skimp on the fish, and I've always had A+ service. They also have really good combos for lunch and dinner that I think are so so worth it.
I just noticed the promotions they're doing for Sundays and all you can eat...I'm definitely going to make a point to go to the actual restaurant and try these!
Highly recommend!!I had higher expectations because of the previous reviews. I order the 3 spicy roll deal, the spicy salmon didn't have a great taste.... the salad was just lettuce. I did like the salad dressing.Tried this place out with a friend for lunch. It was good, the pale was very clean, the service was prompt, and the lunch special was a good value. They have a 10% off deal for Jefferson employees which was nice too. 4 yelps!Surprisingly tasty sushi at an adorable price.

J Sushi boat for $60 covered with a soup, salad, and edamame on top of 2 rolls and 21 pieces of sushi. The pink lady took had a lot of slices. I'm not a sushi fan but would definitely go back. 

 Parking is a bit difficult there but you can find street metered parking around.Ordered the chicken and shrimp hibachi combo from UBEReats and it was delicious! Ginger salad was great and love their take on yum yum sauce! I will definitely order from them again!Came here on a Saturday evening and the place was pretty empty. My companions and I were leery because we just came from Aki and we couldn't be seated. I ordered the Sushi Deluxe and it was delicious. The presentation was top notch and the portions were generous and the fish was very fresh. The waitress returned multiple times to fill our water. At the end of the evening, the chef even made us a dessert of green tea ice cream, orange slices and pocky on the house! A very memorable experience. Will come back!Really enjoyed the sushi and chicken teriyaki. They gave generous portions and did a nice job with the presentation. Staff was very friendly and attentive. Look forward to going back.The food was very fresh, quality was the best among sushi places I've been to given they have omakasa, we ordered 18 pieces of them, it got some nice selections of rare species like Yaju (high end of yellowtail belly ), Japanese uni and fresh wasabi!  For rolls we ordered recommended Fuji and black dragon rolls, to my surprises their eel were so good and no smell like other places.  For appetizer we ordered an item called avocado dumpling, Omg! It got just ripe avocado that melt in your mouth, inside avocado wrapping it had mixes of various fishes with a little spicy house sauce. I also like the garnishment and plating in that they used dried ice and shaved ices to preserve the freshness, finally i liked their attentive services that made you feel at home. If you like some special fishes and yet with quality and nice display of their skill set or varieties you should stop by and try out. I also was told they will bring in authentic Japanese ramen soon. We will definitely come back. Overall good job to their chefs and good luck to this newly open sushi store at the center city.Good spot when you want a dependable place to order sushi delivery from. The entrees are really tasty as well. I recommend the teriyaki platters if you are not a fan of sushi. They are good size portions and are very reasonably priced.Many options of fresh seafood sushi and sashimi. Never had raw lobster sashimi before and it was fantastic! Uni was so juicy and buttery! I was told that the uni is from Japan and it is a different kinds from the ones from California. The restaurant is not chain or big name, but they have really good and fresh food. Will definitely eat there again soon. Don't forget mochi icecream. It's so much more than icecream!Great food, great place, great service, I would say they are better than bleu sushi at least.  Little bit more on the price, but worth the priceDelivery through multiple online platforms.    There was a mixup on my order, and they called me right away to clear everything up.   The hostess was very pleasant on the phones as well.     

The salad actually had decent ginger dressing & the sushi was really fresh.   Although I ordered veggie rolls, all the ingredients were top notch.   I also appreciated the interesting and different makis like eggplant tempura roll...yum!    

All told a good new rotation for my work lunch splurge days.    And the delivery was on time or even a bit early.They accept credit credit. I really hope that this place stays in business because it is probably the best sushi place that I have been in Philly. All the staff were super friendly and accommodating. Restaurant is very clean and modern looking. Overall quality of the fish was solid: had the spicy roll combo (8 pieces each of spicy tuna, salmon, and yellowtail). What was special was their plates. All of them had some cherry blossoms or butterflies drawn with sauces, which I thought was a really cool touch.We went to try this new restaurant near my house. The staff there were very nice. The waitress recommended their special to us. We ordered baby yellowtail belly sashimi, lobster sashimi, king crab sashimi, salmon belly sashimi, white tuna sashimi, lobster mango roll, shrimp tempura roll. It was fantastic and the flavors were amazing. The sashimi was very fresh. I will definitely be back!!Pretty good sushi place. Not my favorite but I liked it. It was nice and clean with short wait times and friendly service. All you can eat sushi was $26 on Monday, Wednesday and Thursday.Ummm.... wow! Just ordered from here via Uber Eats and I can say is GREAT!!!!! The food is absolutely incredible and that's not common with take out. The food is very filling, fresh, looks good, and tastes greatttttt. So satisfied with this place and definitely coming back. 

Super affordable and worth every penny. Do it!I'm here for the 5th time now and am astounded that there isn't a line out the door. Not trendy enough yin appearance? Chairs not fancy enough? I don't know. I do know that the food is fantastic and the price point very fair. Moreover, the service is amazing. They always hand me something to try and it's always beautifully presented and delicious.Found this place on a whim, excellent service and comprehensive menu and the prices are pretty reasonable. The avacodo dumpling was awesome and all the sushi I ordered had fantastic subtle garnish that I thought complemented each f the types of fish very well. My wife ordered to specialty rolls, both of which had awesome flavors and very nice presentation. Would recommend to anyone near center city.Update: my review below is from three months ago. I have been back several times since and I am still amazed at how few people seem to know about it. Each time the sushi guys hand something to me in addition to my order to have me try something that I haven't tried before. Every single time it is amazing. Last night, I tried 2 new rolls and they were by far the best rolls I have ever had at a sushi bar. I was following the lead of a table of people behind me. They were raving about their food and with good reason!

Maybe they're surviving on takeout and delivery. Either way, if you live in Center City or the Washington Square area, you really should give their food to try.

Old review: I'm  here for the 5th time now and am astounded that there isn't a line out the door. Not trendy enough in appearance? Chairs not fancy enough? I don't know. I do know that the food is fantastic and the price point very fair. Moreover, the service is amazing. They always hand me something to try and it's always beautifully presented and delicious.The best and freshest sushi in Philadelphia, great service and very nice chefs. My first time coming here and absolutely will be back here soon. I'm highly recommending to all sushi loversWe stopped in for lunch after hearing that it was a new highly-rated spot. We were definitely surprised that there was no one in the restaurant over lunchtime on a Friday, so we weren't quite sure what to expect. 

I had the spicy tuna & shrimp tempura roll and my husband got a lunch bento box with hibachi chicken. The bento box was the biggest one I've seen and had a great assortment. My sushi plate was beautiful and they did have a great selection from their menu. Overall, the food was good but not the best I've had. Certainly a great deal for the price, though!Great sushi with incredibly fresh ingredients.  Delivery service is quick.  My go-to sushi place to order from.  You won't be disappointed.I had been trying to find a place to park so that I could try J Sushi and finally found one today in front of Jeff. A Sunday, around 4:30 the place was mine and the server gave me all her attention. The place is Quaker plain in its decor. But I appreciated the calm gray reserve and black tables. Restful. Having perused the menu online several times I knew I wanted the fried oysters $7). Just the idea was too good to pass up. I prefer Sashimi to Sushi. I want to savor the fish and not the surroundings.The server suggested the baby yellow fin special ($17, a little pricey) and I agreed.
The oysters arrived nicely garnished. The taste and the texture climb to the ethers. Just a perfect dish.  The baby yellow fin appeared on a lovely wide dish garnished with radish, cucumber, yellow caviar and tiny dice-like cubes of dragon fruit. Here too, a delight (although a bit expensive, at least for me.) 
J Sushi was everything that I've read on other Yelp posts. If you can find a place to park, this is a cannot miss.Vibes: clean, minimalistic, dark tones 

Tasting notes:
-Yellowtail jalapeño: sashimi appetizer with slices of jalapeno and pinches of tobiko on top; beautiful presentation with thinly sliced mango and lemon, comes with a light, orange-colored dipping sauce
-Ocean lobster roll: overflowing with sweet mango and lobster chunks
-Holiday roll: yellowtail, tuna, salmon wrapped around maki with lobster inside; very light
Three spicy roll: pink soy paper wrapping, comes with sweet brown and savory mayo sauces; a pleasant mix of crunch and chew, couldn't really get the spiciness though

Will be back for:
-Lunch box special that is everyday but Sunday
-Weekly specialsThe first and the last time in here. I ordered to go and i ve been told about 20 min. I ve waited 45 min and they came over to me and they said that they will stsrt doing at the moment mine. Their excuse was they had lots of delivery order. If you go there their delivery orders will be more valuable than yours for them. And they are over priced for the service and the food.Go somewhere else and make yourself a favorI ordered delivery twice so far and it's been great!! Very quick as well as fresh. Love the gyzo miso soup!! Will definitely be ordering from here oftenMe and the wife decided to try this place out since it was near where she works. Very glad we did as the sushi was very good and very fresh tasting. We've had sushi at other places that honestly weren't as good as this place. Service was good and the place looked nice inside. Would definitely suggest the Tuna Tata as it is one of my favorites.I live around the area, just found this newly opened sushi restaurant. Tried their tuna lover roll and yummy roll for the first time, the tuna was so good, you can taste the freshness. The second time I went with some of my friends, we ordered some sashimi, can I say their salmon belly is the best? 
Definitely will be a regular customer !Excellent,  fresh sushi.  At reasonable prices. Highly recommend this place,  very friendly staff.Take out for lunch. 
Got their any 3 rolls for $13.00
1. Salmon roll
2. Spicy tuna roll 
3. Yellow tail and scallion roll

It was nicely packed in a container and came with a small side of salad! The dressing for their salad was creamy, usually I'm not a fan of creamy dressing but this was light and tasty. 
The rolls were perfect size and ratio. The spicy rolls were made with rice on the outside and fish inside (inverted sushi), I like that they didn't pack too much rice on the rolls. Yellow tail and scallions had nori on the outside and had fresh yellow tail chunks on the inside. With three rolls and a salad, I was more than stuff for lunch.Where are the reviews for this place!? 
This was AMAZING! Not only the food was great, but the service, the chef, it was a personalized experience. Come and try it out, you won't regret it. They have a huge take out clientele, but dine in is amazing as well.
We had tons of fish only appetizers, each of them incredibly fresh, innovative and beautifully presented.This place is a small and private restaurant that they can personalize your every need. I love this place so much! The owner is super nice and enjoy serving the freshest seafood. He made sure we are satisfied with the food and the service. Every slice of fish was cut with precision! Never frozen that's most important! This has just became my favorite Japanese restaurant. The prices are very reasonable and considering that it is located in center city. A must visit in my opinion!Great lunch!!!  Found this place on Yelp!! ( thank you).  The place is clean,  the food tasted fresh.  
I had a Chicken Teriyaki Bento Box.  It was delicious!   

The place is nicely located.Ordered delivery from here for the first time. It was amazing. The three roll dinner special for $14.99 is such a sweet deal. The rolls had fresh big cuts of fish in them. The avocado salad was well worth the price and very tasty - I hate creamy dressing, but the ginger one they use was light and delicious for a creamy-looking dressing. It came with tons of avocado. Also had the veggie steamed dumplings which were yummy as well. Delivery came sooooo fast. Would order from here again over my usual spot!My delivery go too. Always fresh. Love the avocado bombs.Fresh fish with a highly artistic presentation. Very friendly staff and delicious off menu sake. Will definitely be back.When we got there it was empty. 5 PM on a Sunday. However, the waitress attended us well and the food was really good. We each ordered a black dragon roll and we had steamed gyoza's. Both really good! They had eel sauce with I loved. I have no complaints.I will have to say I had the best sushi I have ever had today. Service was exceptional. I highly recommend.Very satisfied with the quality of food and promptness of delivery. I went all in and ordered the sushi and sashimi deluxe. Both were excellent. The fish: as fresh as I've had in Philly, which, for me, is the most important thing. Next: just the right amount of rice for the sushi (allowing the fish to stand on its own, taste-wise), and generous cuts for the sashimi. Finally: superb presentation, visually speaking -- and, again, this was just for delivery! They didn't need to do that, but I appreciated the extra effort. All in all, happy to have this place in the neighborhood, and eager to order from them again.Great food and customer service, friendly staff, short wait times, and discounted prices for Jefferson students and/or those paying in cash! Definitely would recommend.Went there for a quick lunch last week. The place was barely lit, and no customers were waiting for service. I thought that meant I would get my lunch quickly. No such luck. I waited for 30 minutes. There was only one pick up order while I was waiting. I did not order anything special, just a lunch item. Three rolls. And I ate them in 12 minutes, nearly 2.5 times quicker than it took them to make the rolls. 30 minutes?! They were not in a rush at all. 
The food was palatable, nothing special, but I ate it with a moderate amount of pleasure. I guess all that waiting spoiled the food for me.I took daughter to downtown Philly for dinner since she was coming home in the weekend. She suggested Sushi and looked up Yelp to find Fat Salmon. After arriving at the restaurant, we were told a 30-min wait I time. She looked and found another place nearby called CHeU Noodle Bar. Well, this a tiny and popular spot for Saturday night. It had a 2-h waiting!
In desperation, we saw this place next to CHeU with decent Yelp rating, so we decided to give a try. 
We ordered three Special Rolls (Best Friend, Romantic and Black Dragon). The sushi was fresh but they lacked distinct taste to be great. The sauce was very heavy, which made it difficult to really enjoy the taste. The Black Dragon Roll was all my daughter wanted to try. The soft-shell crab in Romantic was okay. The Best Friend Roll will definitely not be my choice of recommendation.Nice casual sushi spot in Center City. The staff here are wonderful, they have several menu items to choose from, and a variety of great lunch and dinner deals. Of note, they have a 10% off discount for cash purchase, as well as an additional 10% off for Jefferson students. We had the maki party platter, which came out to roughly 18 dollars per person including tax and tip. Great deal for sushi.