I am sort of a sushi snob. 
I'm going to be honest. This was literally the worst sushi Ive ever had.  It was warm... WARM! (and NO! it wasn't tempura).
I also paid $3 for a side salad which was literally iceberg lettuce. 
Nope... no spring mix...no romaine...no iceberg with slivers of carrots or even purple cabbage... LITERALLY just iceberg. I was puzzled and then angry and then i had to smirk and whisper, "well played my friend... well played".
I will never be back..
Check and Mate.They have combination deals that make rolls and sushi super cheap! The rolls are definitely on the smaller side, so you'll need to order up on the combination deal if you want to get full. Sashimi was actually more fresh than I thought it would be, considering the price! 
Also, the joint is sort of small, and the service is slow, but the place is BYO, so you can just head downstairs and bring up some beers while you're waiting.While en route to see a friend perform at the Raven Lounge, I decided to pick up some sushi to go since said bar does not serve food.  The place itself is small, but the atmosphere is great for lunch or early dinner if you have time to sit down and eat there.  They also offer a special if you buy two or three rolls from the same list.  Their special rolls are great too--I had the American Dream roll (which had mango on the outside with spicy salmon, yellowtail, tuna, and tobiko (tiny fish roe)) and a regular shrimp tempura roll.  I will definitely come back again when I have time to eat in!Jay's is my favorite place to get sushi take-out in center city.  As far as the 3 rolls for $xx.xx deals go (there are many in the area), I've tried quite a few and this is my favorite due to the price, quality, and unique selection.  They have rolls I haven't seen anywhere else.  I haven't tried the other menu selections at Jay's, so this review is based only on that.  If you want to eat in, it's not fancy and a little cramped, but everyone was very friendly and the sushi was still good.  For now, it's my #1 take-out place (I suppose Vic would be #2, for reference).  For the fancy sushi experience, I recommend Umai Umai.I love Jay's!!   It's affordable, they deliver, and it's really good, creative sushi!  Plus, the eggplant lady thing is amazing! Yes, it's true, they are not fluent in english but they know enough to take your order, and they are super friendly. I even like this place better than some of the big name sushi places!  I highly recommend!!Stopped in for lunch a few weeks ago.  We ordered the 2-roll lunch special, but ended up getting brought the wrong rolls... twice.  When we finally got our correct order, the rolls were small and pretty sub-par. They get a second star because they let us keep the rolls that they served us by mistake, but I won't be back.Sometimes a girl just needs a burger even though a steak might taste better.  This is my burger sushi, it's cheap, simple, tasty, and filling.  I came here on a weekday night with a couple of my friends.  We were the only people there at 8:00PM, but the small space soon filled with people ordering out and diners on their dates.  There's nothing fancy about this place, which keeps the price low, but the continuous takeout keeps the fish fresh.  
Although the takeout orders got first priority, after a bit of a wait, we finally got our 3-roll specials.  At $10.25, these 8-piece rolls were a decent size, yummy, and very filling. 
I'll try some nigri next time and expand outside of the three-roll special.  But based on the foundation of a good/cheap sushi relationship, I can see Jay and me going far.Well, I said I hope they continue to serve good sushi ... and they let me down tonight: spicy tuna roll with not much spicy nor much tuna-y flavor and a sweet potato tempura roll with mostly raw sweet potato.  First Vic's goes down hill (post sale) and now Jay's is sliding???  Sigh...I first tried the sushi at a friends party a few weeks back and since that time I have been craving more. I went to pick up my Spicy Tuna and C. Fire role today and I couldnt stop eating. It was so good, temp was perfect, and flavor just made it all melt in my mouth. As a sushi fanatic and one that will drive out of the way for some good food, I was overly impressed with Jay's. Its def my favorite and I hope you will try it too. YUMMY....Looks like they shut down. I'm sad, they were a good choice after Bikram Yoga for me.A great little place to eat in and the only sushi place to order delivery from. Their spicy tuna and salmon rolls are excellent. Avocado is always creamy and on point.The 3 rolls for $10.25 is a great deal. I got it for take out, the staff was friendly and quickly prepared the rolls. It was a lot of food for the price, and I'm glad that the deal is all day rather than just the lunch crowd. I ordered the lobster roll (similar to spicy salmon without the spicy), spicy tuna, and an alaskian roll (salman, cucumber, avocado). All were good, especially the price. I would definitely and probably will go back soon.I pass this place when I go and get my pedicure at Young's Nails.  I finally went in and man, I'm sorry I didn't go here sooner!!!  The sushi is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!  THE best sushi I've ever eaten!!!!!Watch out, kids.  There's a new sushi bully on the block.  I had sushi from Sakana several months ago, and it was good.  When I heard the ownership had changed, I jumped to test it out.  Who was Jay?  Did I care what his favorite sushi bar was?  The first night I was pleasantly surprised.   I ordered again two nights later.  It tasted better.  Tonight was my sixth order over the past few weeks, and I sit at my computer with the taste of the sea lingering on my palate.  The seaweed salad was fine, as was the soup, but it is with the quality of the fish, the deft touch of the gentlemen behind the bar and its incredible value that make this a five star restaurant.  The sashimi platter brought ruby-fleshed tuna, at perfect temperature, along side yellowtail snapper so rich I felt like I had my tongue in a vat of butter.  Albacore, or white tuna, at its worst takes like salt and a piece of turkey that's five days past its prime.  At its best, its pure flavor, creamy and savory with a touch of umami, can elevate the tongue through the stratosphere.  At Jay's Favorite, it is fish in its prime.  As is the salmon.  It tastes so fresh, I feel like I could be eating on some boat in Alaska where it was caught minutes before.  It may be farmed.  I don't know.  It tastes fantastic, though.  There is crab stick on the plate as well.  I happen to like this, though I have never seen it before on a sashimi plate.  The yellowtail roll I ordered was well made.  The rice was very good; and again, the fish was as delicate as a young flower, certainly feeling the savory sting of the chopped scallions but able to hold her own, creating perfect harmony within the walls of seaweed.  I rounded out my order with with 2 pieces of wasabi tobiko sushi. (I had ordered mackerel nigiri in the past, the fish demonstrating the perfect ratio of vinegary tang and oils.)  The wasabi tobiko was the weak point of the night owning to its surprising lack of horseradish bite.  When I eat a heap of wasabi tobiko, I want my nose to run and my brain to release a surge of endorphins because it is so hot.  I didn't feel any of that.   Still, the meal as whole is easily 5-star worthy.  I would pay Chestnut street prices for sushi this good.  Yet I don't have to, as Jay also knows his value.  There are a ton of special rolls on the menu, yet I have not indulged.  Alas, I wrestle with a full-sized spare tire, the only redeeming feature of which is it draws attention away from my several chins.  However, the deep-fried, tempura flaked,  cream cheese stuffed bites of heaven may prove more than I can resist.Need to change the photo title
I have been here twice. It's a small place.  Take out one time and delivery one time.  Great reasonable priced sushi.  Some sushi has too much mayo and too creamy.    Pick 3 sushi special is a great deal.  Friendly staff. Some can't speak English well.  I will be going back soon. May be dine in this time.This place use to be good but the last couple times I have ordered take out it has taken forever. They seem to have gone down hill with service and food. The sushi was mediocre. It seems like a good deal but it's really not.
 If you want a good, cheap sushi experience in center city, grab Misora Express (cheap and really good) to go and then eat it at the roof garden at the Kimmell Center.I gave this place four stars (even though quality wise it probably deserves a 3) just because I have a special place in my heart for the lunch runs we did here when I worked at the travel agency around the corner. It's not-the-best-omg-amazing sushi, but it is solid, edible, and cheap. Also, it's BYOB but I don't recommend this place for a cozy, intimate BYOB dinner night with your S.O. It's more of a "get boozy with your girlfriends post-work dinner" or boozy lunch with co-workers kind of place, as the inside is not super nice, and the tables are kind of rickety. But the staff are so, so friendly and accommodating.Jay's is the definition of the hole in the wall sushi joint.  And in my opinion it's a five star hole in the wall sushi joint.  I am not an expert but I love sushi and I find myself coming here for lunch any time I'm in the area.  The sushi is really tasty, the price is right, it's quiet, and the guys that run the place are friendly.This was some of the best and freshest tasting sushi I have ever had! The selection of specialty sushi rolls was larger than most places I've been to, the portions were decently sized, and I must say the roll naming convention was rather unique/entertaining as well. Of the several rolls I have tried so far, I must say that the Philadelphia Eagles sushi roll is the best! I will definitely be eating here again.I loved this place. I met a friend for lunch who works in center city. I wanted sushi so we picked the place because it was close to her office. We got the 36 piece combo to share. It had both a "Tuna Lovers" roll and a spicy tuna roll. I wouldn't normally order these ala carte, but omg they rocked. I've never had a spicy tuna roll like it. If I'm downtown again I'm going back there.Sushi was really good and great for the price. One of the better places in philly for sushi delivery. If your hesitant you should do it.3 stars only because the service was horrible. The restaurant was empty, & the waitress barely paid us any attention. I had asked for no cucumber in my sushi, yet there was still cucumber in my sushi. Me & my sister had ordered the kani salad, 2 miso soups, the lobster/avocado roll, a philadelphia roll, & the spicy crab roll. The kani salad was amazing! It was so good. I would go back just for the kani salad. Sushi was standard, so was the miso soup. I had expected more from the spicy crab roll, but it was just the imitation crab wrapped in seaweed, no spice at all. I had also ordered the tamago sushi but never received it. When the bill came, lo & behold there was the tamago sushi still on the bill. I had to walk to the back of the restaurant, where all of the employees were chilling & eating at a table. Our water was not refilled until the check came, nor were we checked on. They were happy to take the tamago off the bill, but offered no apologies. I had expected more from Jay's, but all I got was bad service & sub-par sushi.
On a good note, the bill only totaled $24.00. Very cheap for 3 rolls, 2 miso soups, 2 sodas & a kani salad.The reason to go to this place? The three roll special for $10. Any other reason? Not really. I was in the neighborhood so I stopped here for sushi but I would never go out of my way to go back to this place. The rolls were very small, were not very fresh, and a few were falling apart as I picked them up. I did however have an avocado salad which was delicious. Basically, it wasn't awful, it's just that there are plenty of better sushi restaurants in Philly.What can I say? If you're in a rush for sushi this is a quick and easy place to stop by. It won't be "amazing" like the fancier places but it does the trick. I would say it ranges from slightly below average to slightly above average. The staff is friendly and the seating is limited.
What I got:
Tuna Love Roll ($10.95)
spicy tuna, tempura flake, topped with tuna, masago, scallion & spicy sauce
Choroshi's Fire Roll ($10.25)
shrimp tempura, avocado, and spicy tuna on top with spicy mayo and crunchy
Seaweed Salad ($3)
Don't Ask Me Again Roll ($7.95)
tuna, salmon, white fish, crab, avocado, make tempura, spicy sauce, masago
Romantic Roll ($12.95)
spicy tuna, white tuna, tuna, avocado, pineapple, masago, wrapped in soy paper and spicy sauce
The hot tea was good, it was a rice tea. The seaweed salad was ok, I've had better. It was thick and a bit too cold. I would rank the sushi from favorite to least as: choroshi's fire, tuna love, don't ask me again, romantic. The sushi was "good" but not in the realm of "great".  2.5 stars.I have been on a quest to find the best sushi in the city for months (for a reasonable price), and I think that quest may be over now.  There are a ton of options on the menu, and the prices are pretty low. They even had deep fried options that my boyfriend loved, although he "does not like sushi" as a rule. I ordered the Spicy Tuna Sandwich, which was amazing. Another in our party asked for custom-made rolls, and the waiter and chef were happy to oblige. Service was great, food was fantastic, prices were good, and byob is always a plus.I haven't been here in years, and a couple of weeks ago I decided to give it another try, since I had once praised it so highly. 
The salad was iceberg and nothing else. That creamy ginger dressing I once loved? Too heavy and too mayo like. 
The sushi was fine. It was edible and I didn't get sick. However, I'd rather eat at other places in the city. It's good on a budget, I suppose.Back when I went to Jay's I had no idea Philly had so many greater sushi restaurants.
Went in with my girlfriend, the location is quite small. The service was slow and the prices questionable for the quality. We ordered 3 rolls: Black Dragon (5/10), Romantic(6.5/10), and Spicy Tuna(3/10). Nothing to write home about.
I truly hope that since then, Jay's Favorite Sushi has picked up its act and started to produce some higher quality sushi. The location is really prime and I'm always in support of a sushi establishments survival.I ordered through seemless web and it took over an hour. Confirmation email said 30-45 min. I would have been ok with it taking a little longer, if it was actually good. Shumai was cold and the dipping sauce was very thick with a spicy flavor. Green salad was iceberg lettuce with a few cucumber shreds and a fair to poor ginger dressing.  Shrimp tempura roll tasted like it was made 2 days ago. I don't think I will be ordering from here again any time soon.This might be Jay's Favorite, but it's certainly not mine.  The fish is reasonably fresh and it's reasonably priced (3 for $10.25), but you get what you pay for in terms for fish quantity.  If you're desperate for cheap sushi with free delivery, it's an option, but I'd look for a quality sushi experience elsewhere.So far, my new favorite sushi place! The rolls I picked up were fantastic...fresh, tasty and creative.  Lots of great combinations to choose from and decent prices; there are only a couple of tables so consider take-out if you're feeding a crowd.  Also, the staff there is really friendly and helpful - even rushing to pick me up when I missed the chair and crashed to the floor (oh, how I wish I were kidding!) - and obliging in every way.  I hope Jay's continues to serve up great sushi and that folks keep them in business for a long time to come!Came here for the first time about a week ago and was so happy with what we got we ordered through Grub Hub again over the weekend.
I know sushi snobs are usually afraid of places with good deals and that are not Japanese-owned, but we were pleasantly surprised with the quality of the fish, and their rolls were also more than adequate. 
When we ordered through Grub Hub, the menu options were a little different from the menu we were given in the restaurant. The sashimi combo available through Grub Hub turned out to be a better deal. In house I was able to get 12 pieces for 18 dollars, which is already a great deal for really fresh fish, but he also gave me double sets of salmon. I didn't mind it but I can certainly appreciate greater variety. Through Grub Hub I got a sashimi combo for 19 dollars that came with a big thing of miso and 15 pieces of fish. The size of the cuts are not all equal. The tuna was about half the size of the buttermilk fish, but overall I had a very satisfying-- big and fresh, meal.
The Boy always goes for the 3 roll special, and so far we have tried the alaska roll, eel cucumber, lobster avocado, philadelphia, salmon, and spicy tuna. Nothing was especially amiss or impressively done. Reliable quality is hard to get at bargain price. Short of some terrible decline in the quality of their raw fish or prepared rolls, this place will now be on regular rotation for sushi in a fix and on the cheap.Alright, let's just get something out of the way:
I really like sushi.
A lot.
Unfortunately, I'm cheap. 
Fortunately, there are a few places in CC that have some great (on paper) specials. 3 rolls for ~$10? OKAY!
Unfortunately, the rolls are usually tiny.
Fortunately, I like Jay's better than I like Vic. Vic's rolls are microscopic, while Jay's are just eensy. Plus, that Eggplant Lady thing is amaaaazing.
+1 star for not being Vic!Amazing price for what you get...not the best Sushi in Philadelpia- but absolutely the best bang for your buck for sushi.
Pro's
3 roll sushi combo for just under $11 dollars...love the Philly rolls, spicy tuna, american roll, ect.  8 pieces per roll.. the $11 dollars wor]th is a huge amount of food.
Tuna Lover Roll is amazing- spicy tuna, topped with tuna, with this delicious sauce that I wish came with every roll... I've only tried one thing from there that I didn't like...
Con's
- Do NOT order the Volcano Roll - I'm fairly certain I've never spit out a piece of food before with such disgust...also have never left Sushi un eaten...and I did just that...a baked roll? Why did I even order it?
- Hours are not what are listed- I've called multiple times when they should be open- where the phone just rings and rings. or gone on Allmenus to try and order thinking its because theyre busy and they are just randomly closed
- Delivery can take a while- but its free-  and the long delivery should be expected when their sole delivery man is riding a bike around center city....I prefer to pick up my order on my walk home and they have it waiting.This is a great lunch spot in Center City.  The sushi isn't the best I've ever had, but it's definitely good.  It's also reasonably priced.  I would get the spider roll consistently and have had a few of their other rolls.  Haven't had a bad experience yet.  I would recommend this place as a reasonably priced lunch spot with friendly service.I love this place for lunch! I work near city hall, so it's a quick walk for good sushi.  Their tuna pizza is the most amazing thing ever! I honestly go back just for that.  :)  Their other rolls were also good.  The only thing I did not like was the salad with ginger dressing, it seemed very mayonaise based instead of the usual fresh bright orange dressing.  That would be my only complaint.  Service was great and you can't beat the lunch prices!Let me begin with a disclaimer: I don't eat seafood.
That said, I cannot comment on any of the "real" sushi offerings at Jay's.  I do, however, eat their non-seafood rolls (avacado, sweet potato, fruit, etc) and salads.  Everything is always fresh, the space is very clean, the staff is very friendly, and the prices are very reasonable.
One quibble is that they don't have a "real" kitchen so anything hot is cooked in a toaster oven, which burns. So you'll smell like burnt oil/fish by the time you leave (hold off on going to Jay's until after your meeting).  Also they have a $10 credit card minimum. So bring cash, since it can be difficult to spend 10 bucks in this place.Delicious! Fresh tasting sushi & sashimi.  Definitely try the eggplant lady and jays special roll.  Prices are reasonable.  Clean. Cheap. Delicious.Jay's is one of the best deals in the city for a quick sushi lunch. Everything is made to order (no prepackaged boxes to chose from). Jay's has become a weekly staple in my lunch schedule. As others have said they allow you to pick 2 rolls from an extensive list for $7.95 or three rolls for $10.25. My go tos are: Hawaii roll, spicy tuna (with tempura flakes which is just the texture that the spicy tuna roll needs), shrimp tempura, and lobster avocado roll. Also, I would highly recommend the gyoza which is incredibly delicious and the ginger dressing on the salad is great.Another great, tiny little center city charm. The sushi was fresh and well presented. The server was sweet, and the whole staff waved and said goodbye as we left the restaurant! So nice, rarely does that ever happen in a busy sushi place.
One star down for the shabby decor... They could use a little work on their atmosphere! Dim those lights, paint the walls a deep, rich red, and incorporate some of that gorgeous japanese art. I love to be immersed in the culture of my food when I'm eating out.I ordered a simple combo of items from the Grubhub website today for lunch.  
I was pleased with the prices and with the quick delivery!   I enjoyed edamame ($2), seaweed salad ($3), salman-avacado roll ($5) and tuna roll ($4.25).  A nice healthy sushi lunch for $15 (plus tip) - delivered right to my office.  Yum!Jay's is my go-to for sushi delivery.  The 3-roll special is a great value, my other favorite is the Salmon Love roll.  One thing to note - they're usually way faster delivering than grubhub's estimate, I've often been surprised by the delivery getting to my door in half the time expected.  So on a busy week night with little time to spare, Jay's it is!Probably some of the BEST sushi I've ever had. Super fresh, great menu (definitely vegan/vegetarian friendly menu with plenty of yummy/different fish-free roll choices) and overall awesome food/service. My only reason for 4 stars and not 5 is because of the atmosphere, the place is definitely dated and needs a pretty remodeling job, but the quality of the food makes that easy to get past.Very not bad! The thing i like about sushi is that it is hard to F it up. Since there are only about 3 ingredients, the only real dynamic is the amount of food and the price. $11.07 with tax for 3 rolls of sushi is pretty damn good.  And these aren't just Calfornia rolls ladies and gentlemen, but Spicy Yellow Tail or Spicy Salmon or 10 other varieties. The roll size isn't the largest, but I don't feel like I am getting ripped off either. They are an okay size. I have eaten here twice and I wouldn't stand for the micro-roll chicanery.
Service was ehh.
I think my apartment living room is bigger than the size of the restaurant, so keep that in mind.
Oddly, this place doesn't appear to be open on weekends.
Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 4 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 2 StarAgainst my better judgement, I stopped in to Jay's.  I always order spicy tuna handroll from every sushi spot I try, to gauge how good the place is.  Jay's, is not my favorite, to say the least.
The sushi is edible, but not tasty, and the only plus side was that it is reasonably priced and fast.  
Something upsetting was that I had seen the sushi man smoking a cigarette outside right after he made my roll..I hope he washed his hands!this place is a good quick, cheap sushi restaurant similar to viks or yamaki. if you come in with these expectations, you won't be disappointed. they have a good deal where you can get 2 rolls for $7-8 and 3 for $10-11. Free delivery too.
i love the salmon avocado here - it tastes really healthy and fresh, not too much rice to distract from the fish.  5 stars for this basic roll done right (its surprisingly unpleasant at many places).  but, beware that a lot of their rolls include little fried bits, which i don't really like. it is particularly weird for me that the spicy tuna roll has crispy fried bits in it. since i know that i really like the salmon avocado, i always stick to it.Great place to grab some inexpensive sushi. Sushi is typically good and fresh. Service is good. Small place. Not the most amazing sushi, but can't beat the prices.My second visit to Jay's left us completely unimpressed.  Yes, a good value, but the service was dismal. 
Not sure if it was a BAD day for Jay, but he threw the menus, chopsticks, and napkins down in a pile next to us after I sat down.  OK, thanks for the service.  He also asked us "Is that ALL you are going to order?"   We eventually ordered more, but most places let us chill and eat and decide our next move.   He hovered over us in a really bad way.  We were taking our time to eat and he kept trying to clear.  
The rolls were fine.  Not the best ever.  First time a month ago was better.  Sigh.  Guess I am on the hunt again.  2.5 star review which rounds up to 3 stars.they give you a crapload of fish for a good price, and the fancy rolls are deeelish.  the same roles would be twice the price at a nicer place.  if you dont want a lot of goopy sauces, tell them ahead of time.  they also might sometimes use msg because i got a headache once when i left.
all things considered, if you want a really casual byob to get a lot of snacky, savory sushi, check this place out.  don't get me wrong, it isn't like bland mall sushi.  it has a lot of flavor, it just doesn't seem upscale... maybe just because of the environment.
i wouldn't bring a date here, it doesn't have that kind of vibe.  it's super simplistic with stupid pictures on the walls and basic tables and chairs.  you can see them making your sushi, and that's the only atmospheric element to this place.  
anyway, i love itHate to do this but disclaimer: This is not a rating for the food. 
Rather, it's for their delivery service, or lack thereof. Hopefully I'll be able to try the food sometime to amend the review but in the meantime, I ordered some sushi via Seamless, but it never got to me. 
After about 40 minutes or so, Seamless contacted me to ask whether the restaurant got in touch with me via email or phone to confirm my order. Apparently Seamless had trouble contacting the restaurant and even called the manager's cell to see what the progress was with my order. No one answered which essentially amounted to my wasting about 2 hours of my time in an effort to order dinner. 
Get your act together Jay!I don't know that I can really say anything that hasn't been said in previous reviews...the previous are the reason that I dragged my co-workers with me for lunch today. I have relied heavily on the opinion of my peers in this city and needless to say, you all hit the nail on the head. The restaurant wasn't crowded for 1:00 on a Friday which I LOVE...we were able to get a table close to chef's station with no wait and it never once felt cramped...is it always like this?? 
$7.95 for two rolls that otherwise would have cost $13.00 is a steal especially when the ratio of rice to fish stays low and the fish is fresh. I spent some time this morning on Jay's website deciding what I would have and excitedly ordered a lobster avocado roll and an american roll. The american roll was yummm especially because there was eel sauce involved. I'm so glad that we decided on sushi instead of one of our standards like a sandwich or hitting up a cart because for the same price we are sold on a much higher standard lunch option...Jay's favorite is now MY favorite.