Love the juicy steaks and fantastic service. Be weary, though that medium-rare is very rare. Almost raw. I learned this from my first time and consequently order medium from them on which was perfect for me. The sides are yummy and complement the steaks. This place is a bit pricey but worth the splurge.

One time, the waiter came back to return a tip because we didn't notice they already added gratuity to our large party. We thanked him and only took back part of it. That was very nice of him to do.I had a dinner meeting here on Tuesday night. The Cajun Ribeye steak was cooked to perfection. We were having a great dinner get together, until the waiter accidently knock over a glass of red wine and it wound up on an associate of mine. Really do not think a free desert was the best choice of action in this caseI had dinner about a week or so with a few colleagues. Going to any steakhouse, you have to expect to drop a good bit of money. 
I got the porterhouse, and it was cooked perfectly at medium temperature. 

This gets a 3 star - only relative to the other steakhouses in Philly. Philly is all about restaurants with personality and Morton's just lacks that, though I know this is a chain. Morton's should consider restyling their layout. When we got there, it was just a huge empty room with a bunch of tables. There were probably 4 tables full max, which makes the restaurant look empty and somewhat undesirable. 

All in all, you will get a good steak here, but for the price you're paying, you could get a good steak AND better ambiance elsewhere.I've eaten at this restaurant many years ago on Walnut St. ......should I say, this "infamous" establishment.....ha ha ha !! Of course, the gentleman I was dating at the time, wanted to experience so much of what Philly had to offer ie, restaurants. My on the other hand, takes much to impress me..the decor, Hmmm? not much to be desired for, the lighting was very dimmed, I suppose this was to be "romantic"...bad on the eyes, when it was time to read the menu. I ordered "Porterhouse" my all time favorite....these steaks costs $35-40 me being the analytical person that I am , simply because, I am a steak lover...this steak at that  particular time, did "NOT" taste any different than the one I had eaten at "CAPITAL GRILLE" not so long ago..or the "CHART HOUSE"....not even "RUTH CHRIS", which is one of my favorite restaurants. It's how the Chef prepares & cooks the steak..overall, they're the same steak...BUT !!!! your paying for the name of the RESTAURANT & the LOCATION . 

SYNOPSIS: Some of us tend to think if, we eat at these FABULOUS restaurants / at these GREAT locations ....FIREWORKS are going to go off in our BRAINS...ANGELS will sing. UNFORTUNATELY !!! things like this does NOT happen simply because, we're eating an $30-40 STEAK ...I REALIZED / ACCEPTED this when I had eaten at this restaurant many years ago.Went here for father's day with bf's family, also for his bday!

The steak was incredible and huge. The staff was wonderful and informative about all menu items. 

Must eat!!!like other high end steak house chains is a very good meal..and it should be cause its not exactly a cheap meal. I prefer morton's over the others b/c I just have better cuts of meat in my opinion. i recommend the filet and porterhouse. the crab cake is pretty good and the prime ocean platter has always been very fresh and tasty. they run a promotion where u get dinner for 2 for 100 a few times a year definately take them up on that offer.We decided on Morton's for dinner last night since all other restaurants had an extremely long wait.  Morton's was delicious as always. The bone-in ribeye was seasoned to perfection,  bacon mac and cheese was also delicious, and the crab cake was tasty.  The apple martini was the best that I've ever had.  Morton's is always a great choiceHad their happy hour menu recently. I would say the drink menu can be improved upon..either more variety or just cheaper. At $8, it's not really an "happy hour" special unless you compare it to reg price. 

The happy hour bites menu I did like. The crab cake sliders just hit the spot. They are full size "bites" so unlike other places where you can order like 6 small items, you can't get away with that here. No biggie. 

Will def come back here because at that happy hour time when everywhere else is jammed packed in the area, the seating here is quiet and you can have space to yourself instead of being stuck at some bar selling your soul to get the bartender's attentionGreat staff, but the steaks here were over rated and over priced. The night we went the steak was okay,  nothing to write home about. The side dishes and drinks were good.What a great experience; the food is excellent, steak is delicious, staff is exceptional, everyone is extremely friendly and accommodating. Morton's never fails regardless which location you visit. I will certainly recommend and visit again when in town.
Special thanks to Steve and his team for going far and beyond to accommodate our numerous allergies; you can clearly recognize the level of commitment and exceptional training; I mean they have separate set of utensils that weren't previously used with dairy and shellfish, and they certainly follow good practices to avoid cross-contamination.  All of our needs we're properly addressed. Thank you, we'll be back!Sadly disappointed.   Visited Morton's for a birthday celebration with my 2 best friends.   We noted in the reservation that his was a birthday celebration for the three of us.  No mention of this by the waiter. No big deal.   Our waiter comes to the table introduces himself n reads the specials.  Not very descriptive.  We order drinks I order a beer, they don't have it in stock.  Don't tell me what they have just ask if I'd like a soda.  Ok.  Bring us our menus n two minutes later is back for our order, we say we need a few minutes.  He took that literally and was back in three minutes. I ask if they have Chicago style, he says that just means it's on the bone.  Uhmmmm no it doesn't.   I'm already disappointed.   We order.  I get a rib eye medium Oscar style.  One gets filet Oscar style n we order one rib eye medium well.  Do not order Oscar style.  It was flavorless with raw asparagus n by no means should they say lump crabmeat.  The steak that was to be medium well, was rare.  Had to be ant back twice.  My steak was also rare, tough n chewy.  The filet was rare but my gf said flavorful.  She also thought the Oscar style was worse she ever had.  Sides:  onion rings.  Good. Hot. Crispy.   Creamer spinach, no flavor and not real
Hot.  Sour cream mashed potatoes , not hot. Bland.  We are not big complainers, we just asked to have our food wrapped to go  n we would instead indulge in dessert.  We read rave reviews about the sundae n the hot chocolate cake.  We were actually excited that we weren't to full j would be able to enjoy dessert. We asked for the dessert menu.  The waiter brings it to the table, he then leans over n whispers the ones in the box are our house specialities.  They take 30 minutes as they are prepared fresh.  Oooh. Goood!  He then finishes the statement with they are not worth the wait. What????? He obviously wanted us out so he could get another seating.  He comes back and asks us if we would like to try one of the other desserts.  Uhm, no.  Check please.    Almost $400 with tip.  I swear to you I had a better steak at Applebee's.   What waiter tells you the house specialties aren't worth the wait?   Save your money. On a brighter note the waiters waiting on other tables sounded great!  New the menu n even recommended the hot chocolate cake to the diner.We started in the bar with drinks. The bartender was incredibly knowledgeable; he was a true professional. Then we moved to the table. Service was perfect. Food was ok. The place was pretty dead.My mouth waters just thinking about this place. I have never had a meal from this restaurant that was not superb. The portions are hefty and well worth the price. They also have good steak/seafood specials every so often. Try the double porterhouseI tried to book reservations through yelp, they confirmed my reservations, i called the night before just to confirm my reservations was still there, i was hung up three different times, spoke to a manager just to find out they do not see my reservations and they was having problems with yelp. This ruin my plans. Call this restaurant if you want make reservationsI have gone here twice with friends and sat by the var. Their fries and crab cakes are wonderful!! Great place to stop for cocktails. The bartenders are engaging. A must do if you are in the city. Parking garage suggested. Enjoy;;;Druing this restaurant week, I reserved a table yesterday. The restaurant is located in walnut street and 14th street near by City Hall. Dark environment,  pretty waitresses and dressed up customers. I enjoyed the time. However, the food here is OK.One of the best steaks I've ever had. Got the creamed spinach for an appetizer, the Double Cut Filet Mignon, and Morton's hot chocolate cake, which oozes godiva chocolate and has Haagendaaz ice cream on the side. It gave me multiple foodgasms :). This place is pretty pricy, but if you want one of the best steaks out there, this is the place to check out!not typically a traditional steakhouse fan, but i have to say my experience at morton's was AMAZING.

service was incredible.  my steak was overcooked.  delicious still, but medium and not medium rare.  so i ate it, but they still comped it.  everything was delicious and we felt well taken care of.Morton's Steakhouse simply isn't worth it.  Everything about my dinner there was lackluster.  But the most important question is, how was the steak?  My 8oz filet was overcooked (medium instead of medium-rare), burnt/blackened on top, and lacking in flavor.  My date's slightly smaller filet was properly cooked (medium rare), but was similarly lacking in flavor.  The chocolate cake dessert was okay, but I've had better at local diners.  To make matters worse, our server did not introduce himself and was not pleasant towards us.  There are so many wonderful steakhouses in Philly.  Morton's just doesn't happen to be one of them.The food is not good at all. Came here for resturant week and the Lobster Bisque was the most disgusting thing I have ever had. And I'm pretty sure it was spoiled because I got sick after. The mashed potatoes taste way too much like horse radish and aren't good at all. The salmon and steak were just ok. The service is just okay too. The waiters have no idea what's going on with the tables and like 4 people came up to us to ask what we want to drink when we already had drinks in front of us but no food menu to even order food. This restaurant isn't worth the money to spend here, even on restaurant week when it is cheaper. I will not be coming back.I give this restaurant 4 stars because of their good service and dining atmosphere.  Their servers were well trained and considerate, at least on the Friday night I went. My glass was always full and the server checked on us regularly to make sure our food was done right.  The interior was redone and I must say I love it.  Classy and sophisticated.  You will love their onion bread.  It's addicting, so be careful not to fill up on it.  The Morton house salad was good and the portion was big.  The filet mignon was seasoned OK but was overcooked for medium well.  It was dry and lukewarm.  The bacon wrapped scallops were also nice.  The sides are big.  We had the Brussel sprouts and Mac and cheese and ended up packing them to go.  Both sides had bacon in them.  Isn't everything better with bacon?  The creme Brulee was so-so and chocolate lava cake tasted slightly burnt. But we didn't complain. 

Towards the end of the night the manager invited us to have an after meal drink with him.  We kindly declined the offer due to how full we were!  Next time we won't opt for the 5 course meal.  It is a lot of food! Overall the food was decent, but everything else felt very right.  I will order my steak medium rare next time and try some other dishes.I've had the opportunity to eat at multiple Morton's locations in their boardroom dining areas and the experience was wonderful from the service to the food. On this occasion we were in the standard dining room at the Philladelphia location. 

The server was pleasant but not nearly as attentive or informative about the offerings as is typical at Morton's. Although I have been many times and understand the various cuts of steak and flavors, the remaining 5 members in my party did not and when they are looking at a steaks ranging from $45 - $110 it would be nice to know what they are getting. 

Four of us decided on one of the two more flavorful cuts, the Chicago bone in ribeye.  Three of us were very satisfied with our choice and raved about the meat.  My husband however said it was just okay after eating most of it. We couldn't understand how he could say it was just ok...I tried his and he was right.  It tasted like something I would cook on my backyard grill. I then had him taste mine and he couldn't believe the difference. I suggested brining it to the attention of the waiter but he said no it was fine.  He now wishes he had at least mention the difference. 

The side dishes that I typically love were just okay. The "giant" baked potato I normally get was maybe a large standard potato and the sever that brought the condiments for the potato slapped the sour cream down splattering a large glob on the table. The creamed spinach was warm but certainly not served hot. 

I will say my wedge salad held up to its reputation and was terrific - best I've had anywhere. 

Morton's is a premier steakhouse however this time around I left the restaurant feeling like the meal with a $700 tab (pre tip) was a rip...Wow what a wonderful experience. Me and my fiance came here for our anniversary. We made reservations and were seated immediately by an extremely kind gentleman, i assumed to be an owner or manager. Our server was Erica - such a sweet girl. Very friendly and very informative about the popular city sites to visit while here. She even did the impossible - I do not drink but i figured I would have a drink for our special day. I never know what to get - since I do not actually like drinking alcohol, so I always ask the server to recommend something I could sip without wanting my fiance to finish it for me. Many have tried to find a drink like this for me, and they all failed. Well, all except sweet Erica.  Thank you Erica! 

We both got the NY Strip Steak, Amazing! It was so perfectly cooked and melted in our mouths. Will be sure to come again whenever in Philadelphia. Also got the bacon and onion mac and cheese - very rich in flavor but also amazing. The grilled asparagus was delicious - drizzled with balsamic. MMMM.. And the carrots were to die for. Whatever wasn't finished had to come home with us so i could eat it again!

DESSERT: Dan got the Creme de burle and even i liked it - very good. I got the blueberry and peach crisp..... It was so good, i almost wish I didn't eat so much so i could have finished it. It was so flavorful and perfect.

Because it was our anniversary they took a photo of us at the table and put it in a little frame for us and the dessert was on the house. Really and truly a wonderful experience and I would for sure recommend to anyone and everyone.

Thank you for making our night so enjoyable - ERICA DESERVES A BONUS.I went to the restaurant week last Monday. The environment was great, and I was really full. The food is nice!Really nice steakhouse in King of Prussia mall. Staff is always very friendly and menu is very consistent. Everything is good here, especially all the steaks.Not the biggest fan.  The filet was a bit fatty which was pretty disappointing considering the price.  Overall the experience and service were great, just wish I had gotten a different cut of beef.My wife and I have been here twice. And it's been a perfect plate every time.

Food: The steaks are cooked to exactly how you want it. But it's not just their steaks, it's everything else on the menu also! I had their 'watermelon' salad. I usually hate salad, but this one salad made me a fan.
Service: Exactly what you want. Not hanging around or in your face, but there right when you need them, and they have great recommendations.
Decor: Nice, classy little joint.
Ambience: Very relaxed, but fancy.

Overall, a bit pricey, but you get fantastic food and great service. This is the standard of a great steakhouse.morton's has to be my favorite place for a really great steak....great service and a great classic dirty martini.

the lump crab appetizer as well as the delicious onion bread are two things i look forward to....other than the mouthwatering perfectly cooked delicious hunk of meat that comes to your table.

i havent had a bad meal.

it is pricey but worth saving the pennies to splurge here...Power hour! Morton's does have a really good food happy hour which is never crowded-both a good and bad thing. Drinks really aren't that discounted-8.50 for a mojito or martini.  For $7 you can get Mini Crab Cake BLT's, Tuna Tacos,  Prime Cheeseburgers, Petite Filet Mignon Sandwiches, or the Filet Mignon Trio. Oysters are $2.50 each so not bad either.  The tuna tacos were good but the filet mignon trio was amazing-the steak melted in my mouth.  I've found 2 or 3 plates to be enough for two to share.My family visited me when I lived here, and we had such a great time eating and drinking the night away at Morton's.  I do'nt think I had a better steak or service.

Service was impeccable and the steak is one of the best I've had; better than Chris Ruth's or El Gaucho by a football stadium length.Phenomenal food and service... Was here for a meeting and this place lived up to my expectations greatly.... Will def go back again.. The sides are family style and plentiful.Hadn't been to Mortons for a long time.  Cap Grille had become my more recent hang out. We decided to hit Mortons after the Eagles Steelers game.  I was very impressed with the food and service.  One of the best steaks I've had.  Ditto for my daughter's steak.  Grilled Oysters in Garlic Butter were exceptional. We also ordered a Chocolate Soufflé for dessert. Delicious!  We will definitely be coming back.SO and I were the first ones here last Thursday- 5:30p dinner reservation.

Our server Erica was such a doll, walking us through the entire menu, giving wonderful suggestions on what to order upon hearing of our first time.

The good:
THE MEAT: both SO and I ordered rare steaks, mine was the surf & steak special for $49 (included slightly too-charred lobster tail and rare filet mignon). I did enjoy the non-charred bits of lobster and my steak, which was succulent, juicy and hiding a hint of sweetness (although a bit more pepper/rub would've been great) whereas SO thoroughly enjoyed his porterhouse (both sides bringing out separate textures, the bone adding in a caramelized tone of flavor)
OVER his steak- SO took Erica's suggestion and got the truffle butter- definitely made his meal. If you're on the fence, GO FOR IT. You won't be disappointed!
SIDE DISH: we opted for the creamed spinach which was another excellent suggestion by Erica. Unlike other places where the spinach is too rich that you're feeling icky after the 3rd or 4th bite, Morton's had hints of nutmeg but was made so that you didn't feel too heavy afterwards. Definitely a good accompaniment to our meal
DESSERT: Thinking we were too full afterwards but unable to say no after Erica wheeled out the sweet choices, SO and I split a carrot cake. Absolutely the right choice! It's rich with carrot shavings on the side, a tall 2 layer separated by cream, made right. SO and I fought for bites and I took it to the next level, washing it down with a Kahlua/coffee.

The eh:
Lobster bisque- don't get me wrong, it's tasty but felt like it was missing something. I quite like Ed's Chowder House, where each spoonful is almost too rich to stand whereas Morton's tasted almost healthy, lacking in the full-on flavor punch of each bite

As far as steakhouses go, Morton's definitely delivered, cut of meat, sides and dessert although I'll definitely be passing on the seafood flavors. Can't expect them to be good at everything...just serve their mains well!I feel like with Morton's you just can't go wrong. The Chicago Style Rib Eye was charred to perfection cooked medium to my liking. I highly recommend the Chopped Spinach Salad to start as it was fresh, crunchy, and not overly filling. The Au Gratin Potatoes were my favorite side! I could eat the entire side dish and be completely happy. The Grilled Asparagus were done nicely as well and I most enjoyed the balsamic glaze drizzled on top. For dessert, you MUST order the Hot Chocolate Cake!  Easily top 5 best chocolate cakes I've ever had in my life. The Chocolate Soufflé was delicious as well but not nearly as decedent as the chocolate cake. Morton's is also a great spot for a date! I would definitely make reservations in advance. If not, they provide bar area seating first come, first serve offering their full menu.Had an amazing dinner at the bar. Wagyu filet was cooked perfectly and then finished off the meal with an AMAZING gran marnier soufflé.This place has the best steaks. I've been to Morton's a bunch of times and it's the place I go to when I want a really good steak. The staff is amazing and super friendly. They make you feel like family when you walk through the door. Steaks are always cooked to perfection. Going here for NYE and I can't wait.A solid steak, yes, but I've definitely had better.  The rib eye was well prepared but wasn't nearly as flavorful (read: marbled, fatty, deeeelicious) as I'm accustomed to.  The service was okay, but the sommelier was a total biatch.  I asked for a Zinfandel list and she said, "WELL,  we don't serve anything of that nature."  Um, pumpkin, ZINFANDEL...NOT WHITE ZIN.  Whenever someone makes that mistake I get enraged.  The sides were okay...the martinis were fantastic.  I work close and we had our holiday party in a private room and they over charged us outrageously...I mean, if you need a steak, go for it.  They can pull it off.  There are definitely better steak houses in my very humble, carnivorous opinion.We happened to be in Philly during our anniversary, so we celebrated at Morton's. The food was great and they went out of their way to make it a very special evening for us, with a personalized menu, free dessert and a keepsake photo. We'd never been to a Morton's before, we were pleased. Yes, it was pricey, but worth it.I came here for my birthday, the greeter was very nice to me and made me feel like the "birthday girl" my waiter was so-so. The mashed potatoes were a bit too salty, the creamed spinach was delish, the shrimp were so good. Overall, this place receives 4 stars.Came here for a work related dinner and will say that even though it was pre-fixe it was good. My filet was done perfectly! The chips that you start with were SO good! The sides were good...I would consider visiting again with a smaller group to experience the variety of the menu...I just celebrated my birthday at Morton's Philadelphia for the first time. For my first Morton's experience, I was not disappointed at all. Service was excellent; our waitress Brielle was very attentive. For appetizers we ordered the jumbo shrimp cocktail, tuna tacos, and short rib tacos which were all delicious. We ordered Center Cut Filet Mignons and a variety of side dishes which were all fantastic. They even took a picture of us and put it inside a Morton's frame to wish me a happy birthday and also offered a complimentary dessert which was a nice touch to end my birthday dinner. It is a bit pricey and I would probably not be dining there again unless it was a very special occasion but for what it's worth, it was a lovely dining experience.Went to Mortons on Friday July 1, 2011 and was antcipating a great meal. To say we were let down would be an under-statement. I had the NY Strip signature cut, found it to be tough with fatty sections running throughout the cut. It was my first and last time to eat here, was not worth the money spent.Been here many times with my family. Wonderful palce for a good, flavorful steak.  Soups and seafood are amazing as well. Vey delicious, just rather pricy.  Wish I could go more often.

I love when they have the great deals like the $35 for filet, salad, and dessert.  Cannot beat that! So delicious. They also have a phenomenal wine list! 

The wait staff is okay. Kind of snobby last time I was there. Also, a little outdated.Their lobster and steak are sooooo good.. I love the mushrooms n im not into brussell sprouts but my friend was n he loved them... The lobster was sweet and juicy..the steak was super tender.. In general great foodWe spent almost $600 and they wouldn't allow us Landry select points. The food was mediocre even the bone in rib eye. Trust us we have been to all of the steakhouses in Philly and this is one of the worst. As a new Landry select member you would think they would make an exception since we didn't know "all their rules" as they never responded to our email when we asked. Thus we will never venture into another Landry's establishment and this is probably reason #1269 as to why this place and other Landry restaurants in Philly are SUB PAR. Wake up Landry, you all have to wake up before you start closing your doors. Del Frisco's, Butcher & Singer and Barclay Prime are the top 3, in that order. Morton's is a no no and we would rack them as "unranked" like a crappy NCAA basketball teamWow! The steak was absolutely incredible!  I had a 12oz filet mignon with 3 super humongous asparagus spears. Best steak I've ever had. Meat melted in my mouth and cooked to perfection. I highly recommend this place for the steak lover. They won't be disappointed.Fantastic! Ate here for a friends bachelorette party. The service was top notch, and the foot, incredible! Had the filet, M/R, and could have literally cut it with my fork. Ive eaten at Mortons all across the country, first time at this one, and it didn't disappoint. A class below Del's, but as close to it as you can get to it (that's actually not fair of me to say, considering mortons is far less expensive than del's). Ill be back for sure!Service was excellent. Appetizers were delicious, especially the jumbo lump crab. The New York strip was everything I thought it would be. It melted in my mouth accompanied by some garlic mashed potatoes. Great place for a date, I will certainly be back.Perhaps we caught them on an off night. It was late, so I understand why the waitstaff was less attentive than normal. After speaking with the bar tender (when I got up from my dinner table to get a drink since the waiter hadn't asked if I wanted a refill after 25 minutes of an empty glass) I was told that the waiter actually lied about not having my selection in stock. 

Did I mention the $4 up-charge for ordering my single malt scotch neat? How else is it supposed to be served? 

Steak was medium plus. I asked for medium rare. Unacceptable for a $55 steak. Sure, I could ask for another, but then then rest of my table would have finished before I received my meal. I don't mind paying for a quality meal. This however, was not.Morton's is solid, but extremely overpriced. My family and I went to the Philadelphia location for my dad's birthday 1.) because he loves steakhouses 2.) he's a Morton's member and they gave him a $100 gift card.

The location is great, right off of Broad on Walnut Street, but the interior needs major renovation. I felt like I was back in the 90's in this place, and it just looked tired.

I also don't like that they bring out that cart of raw meat and fish to explain their menu and the specials. First, the whole demonstration took about 10 minutes and we were thirsty and starving. I also don't like looking at raw meat covered in plastic wrap that has been sitting out for a while. NOT appetizing.

My strip steak was good, but I have to say that the $8 one I purchased at reading terminal and broiled at home was just as satisfying.

The creamed spinach was excellent compared to other steakhouses like The Palm, and my cucumber drink with St. Germain was absolutely delicious. The breaded shrimp in beurre blanc appetizer was forgettable, as was the chopped salad and asparagus with bernaise.

They gave us a free molten chocolate cake for dessert and it was terrible. Very commercial tasting. I've had better with a Duncan Hines mix.

Go here if you're on an expense account or have a gift card. Otherwise, patronize local places like Union Trust or Butcher and Singer.