1st time here. We were headed to Terakawa with the family on a cold Friday night, but they had a line out the door so we went here. Glad we did...

Excellent service & friendly staff. Waitress helped my wife take off her jacket as her hands were full with our baby, as I was tied up with the 3yr old.

I had Chicken Katsu Curry Ramen, Sister had Shrimp Katsu Ramen & Wife had Shoyu Ramen. Everything was excellent, I loved mine. Curry soup was tasty &I the fried chicken was done just right. Same for my sisters shrimp, fried just right with good quality shrimp. My wife lived her Shoyu Ramen.

We also got the pork buns which were excellent, but not your traditional porkbun. 

Great, great experience.1st time here, my three friends and I ordered 4 bowls of ranmen and 4 cans of melon cream soda . I will say my curry katsu ramen was the best I've ever had and i just had Nom Noms ramen the day before. The staff was awesome and attentive.  I even booked my bday party here for next month. 100%/100%

In addition, the Kustu was crispy and the broth for my curry ramen was light and not over powerd by salts. The eggs were perfect again I just had nom noms the day before , and my 3 eggs from nom noms were cold.

So out of  our table group of four, 3 guest gives Naoki 10/10  and 1 guest gives it 6/10. 

My background is in Asian culinary arts and hospitality.I like everything. I love the ramen noodles here. They are pretty good but i don't see much people come there. Prob they need to advertise more or do something to make more people come to eat.Food was very good and service was excellent! Very accommodating for a service dog. Would definitely recommend coming here if Terakawa has a long wait. Atmosphere is great.So I found myself in Naoki ramen after a long day of running around Philadelphia; and after reading about it in a newspaper article giving it a spectacular review I just had to see for myself. As we walked in, they were putting up a sign saying that for students with a government issued ID; food was 10% off. I of course just happened to have my campus ID card and they were only too happy to let me use it. Then came the menu. It's a bit sparse, but that's really what makes the food so affordable and good; it allows for the chef to prepare a dish quickly and to the best of his ability; as well as cut down on excess expenses to keep countless different ingredients in stock. Subsequently, the cost of the food is unreal, it's less than 6 dollars for a full cut of chicken Katsu, which for us came out in a matter of minutes. Not only was it speedy though, but there was just so much of it! The bowl that the ramen came in was huge; and compared to the costs of other nearby restaurants, would have easily cost 15 instead of 10. Overall, I was very happy with the wonderful, bubbly service as well as the quality, cost, and quantity provided ^_^

Also, the waiter just made the experience much more enjoyable; I don't understand why people would see him as annoying.. Just be a bit more social, eating is a social experience too.On Wednesday 6.30pm it was pretty empty. Just another table taken. Miso tasted much better then at Nom Nom Ramen.This is my second time here, I will say the food is worth the price. I got the lunch special which is about $2-3 less than the regular price. I got the gomoku ramen which has a shio base soup. The soup is not too salty, the noodles are cooked right, it isn't especially chewy (not a fan of chewy noodles). I also had my friends chicken katsu. The chicken is juicy but it was quite oily. Good thing the oil looks fresh. I took a good look at the menu. They have a variety of food, not just ramen. Th ey have rice and udon too. The ambience is nice, I came after lunch so it is quiet. It is clean and spacey. You can bring strollers here if you have children. I will come back again.Amazing food! I got the miso ramen and it was very flavorful and filling. The bowl is huge for the price and I couldn't finish it all. Over the restaurant was very clean and the staff was super sweet. I'd definitely recommend this place.I have high expectation when it comes to ramen. I noticed this place for a while and decided to stop by with my SO to check it out. The staffs were friendly and seated us right away. The interior is a little spacious and has a lot of seatings which is great for family and groups. Like some reviews, I agree that the broth is not as flavorful and it somehow tastes similar. The noodle itself was a little soggy as well. However, on the positive note, the service was very good, the staffs were very attentive and our food came out fast and hot. For about $11-13 the portion here is very generous, your belly will be fully satisfied :) Perhaps it was a bad day but this place has potential. Might come again in the futureWorst ramen in Philly. The soup was greesy and bland, the noodle was not great, and the meat was super fatty pork belly. I have tried every ramen restaurant in the city, and I can't say that I like all of them, but none of them makes such terrible ramen. They kept most of the items from Rai Rai on their menu, but the taste and quality are not even close.Decided to give it a second tries and I think it's much better this time. The waitresses are polite and food is quick.I love noodles so ramen is surely one of my favorites but this place was not a favorite. I ordered the Shio ramen and my friend ordered the Miso ramen, in both our opinions, they were both quite salty. It's flavorful don't get me wrong, but it was a tad too salty that made us extremely thirsty. I have  to mention what was being shown on the tv screens, it was animals that were wounded and it was pretty gross because that is not something I want to be watching while I'm eating. The workers there came out from the kitchen and was literally shouting across the room to one another, the atmosphere here was horrible. I don't think I will be returning here but it was nice to try.Was in town for the day.   Had severe dishes with the family. Overall a great experience with excellent food and service!This was my first time in China Town Philly. I was overwhelmed with all of the food choices. However, my heart led me here. It did not disappoint. Very friendly staff and the fried chicken curry was delicious. The food came out fast and the wait staff was very attentive. I'd come here again.Stumbled into Naoki after the wait at Terakawa turned out to be 1 hour+, and was very pleasantly surprised. Ambiance wasn't that fancy, but the service was friendly and food was amazing. It was BYOB so we were able to enjoy the bottle of sake we already had in hand. I got the chicken katsu shoyu ramen. The chicken was crispy, juicy and a delicious complement to my near perfect bowl of ramen. SO got the vegetarian shio ramen with friend shrimp and really liked it. We both left feeling full and making a note to get back there the next time we want a simple but decent bowl of ramen. With a side of edamame, our total was only around $30.I had the seafood udon, it was a good size bowl. The broth was a bit salty, but it was well put together. The noodle tasted fresh and loved the mussel and crab stick.Had the spicy miso ramen. Soup was lukewarm and taste was very bland, almost a water down instant ramen and the egg was still cold. 

2.5/5, giving 3 stars because I'm generous.The ramen was delicious. Not quite like it's neighbor that is always packed. But it was well worth the meal. Get the hot & spicy ramen...friendly staff and quick food turnaround time.Absolutely loved this place. The ramen was soooo good! Huge bowl with lots of seafood and the broth was amazing. The service was also great. Our waitress was friendly and polite and the food was out very quickly. I also enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere of this place. Check it out!Probably not as good as terakawa but it's right around the corner and there's never a line! I'd urge people that are waiting to eat at terakawa to skip the obnoxiously long line and give this place a try. It's bigger in terms of area than terakawa and again there's no line! The ramen was decent and the prices were right. Certainly worth a visit.Had Miso Raman, very salty. But great customer service! Maybe Miso Raman are suppose to be salty? Idk, but it just doesnt taste good for me. Nvm just talked to the manager, he is eilling to make it less salty. Great service!!Great food and atmosphere.  Staff was very polite and the prices were reasonable (about $50 for 4 people).  Fancy, yet affordable.  I don't think I'll ever be able to eat instant ramen again!  This is now a MUST VISIT for me and my friends, when we go to Chinatown!

Edit:  Almost forgot to mention the cleanliness of the bathroom!  It may be a single bathroom, but the set up was very high end!  

Overall, it was a great experience and awesome memories to have with friends.I have never experienced such bad customer service before. My friends and I came there to try their ramen, but little did we know we will be treated so badly by the bald waiter. He literally threw the bill at us and rudely grabbed the bill as well. Save your time and avoid this place. There are better ramen restaurants with exceptional customer service around the area.This place is great for lunch. I love that they have a large variety to choose from. Not only that but the service is amazing. I highly recommend that you check it out.So today me and my wife decided to try this out. It use to be Rai Rai Ramen and they were good. But today after trying the ramen out. It wasn't disappointing but it wasn't great. We had the takoyaki the fried oysters Gomoku ramen and Hakata ramen. The app was good but the ramen broth lacks flavor and depth. Both are shio soup. The noodles it self is ok but I like mine medium well. Other than that everything was good. Food came out on time. Service is good (don't like servers that are too attentive) plus free sodas when you order ramen. The price though didn't match the ramen $10.00 to $11.00 for a bowl of ramen that lacks flavor. You decide. That's why it only gets three starsGreat place to hang out with my friends over the weekends. I was very impressed by the Spicy Akamaru Ramen, definitely recommend it! The appetizers were awesome. We had Takoyaki and Pork Bun.Good ramen and soup base situated in convenient spot of Chinatown with the newly furnished space. Good to come another time when craving noodles. The menu choices are somewhat limited.Terrible service. Meh food. 

My boyfriend and I gave Naoki a try instead of Terakawa. We sat down and one of the staff (not sure he was a manager or owner) asked if we wanted hot green tea or ice water. We asked for hot green tea without knowing the extra charge ($1 each) for it. I felt like we were scammed, but it was kind of our fault for assuming it was free. 

We ordered miso ramen and shoyu with chicken katsu. Chicken katsu(which was good) came in first. So we started eating them and ended up finishing it before shoyu ramen came. The staff kind of yelled at us saying "you should have waited for the ramen. Chicken katsu is supposed to be on the top of ramen. You ate all of them already!" Um excuse me? Then why did you bring the katsu out 10 minutes before the ramen? You should serve them at the same time. Or at least let your customer know that the katsu goes on the top of the ramen. 

Ramen was so-so, but didn't feel welcomed there. We felt like a burden, not a guest. I'd rather go to Terakawa just for better service.The best Ramen in Philly! Chicken Katsu Curry Ramen and Chicken Katsu Shoyu Ramen are my favorite!

The boss and waitress are so friendly！

Accept credit card, and don't need waste time to wait a table!EXTREMELY RUDE CUSTOMER SERVICE!
The food was decent with reasonable price and portion, HOWEVER, I will not be coming back unless they change their way of serving customer. Our waiter ( the bald guy) was giving us attitude, threw the bill at us and basically just took our bowls away while we were not done with our food yet. I have never had experienced such a bad customer service like in this restaurant before, so I will take my money where I get treated with respect! For a new restaurant, they really need to improve in their customer service if they want to be in business...Really nice comfy place in Chinatown on Race st. Got the seafood ramen since I love seafood in general and it was amazing. Had mussels, crab, sushi paper and more along w the pork buns which are also really good. Our waiter Hak was really fun too so bonus points there lol. Def a really good experience and the price is fair.Best seafood ramen ever!  We went there on a rainy day and had hot & spicy seafood ramen.  It was delicious and price was right!Decided to eat here because another place was crowded and have to say this place may seem a little unassuming but the food was awesome. Service was great and the food came out hot and tasty. Maybe a little lacking in atmosphere and could use a few more choices of condiments on the table but this place is solid and I'd definitely come back.I stumbled by this spot yesterday with the intent of getting pho, but I am so glad that I chose to check out the ramen here instead. This must be a new establishment because I did not know about it prior to passing by yesterday, and apparently not a lot of other people know about it either considering I was the only customer in the entire restaurant for a solid hour yesterday evening. The selfish side of me wants to keep this place on the low, but I will do my civic duty as a Yelper and tell the whole world about how awesome this place is because Naoki Ramen truly deserves a 5 star review. 

I started off with 2 pork buns as an appetizer. These pork buns were phenomenal. A lot of ramen places do not get the pork buns right (the pork is either too dry or the texture of the fluffy buns is off), but this place hit the nail on the spot. The pork was juicy and flavorful, and the fluffy buns were actually fluffy, as the name implies. For my ramen, I chose to go with the Spicy Akamaru Ramen which came with 3 pieces of pork, an egg, naruto, and all the other toppings for just $12.95! I personally thought that this was a great deal given that other ramen places always try to pick at your wallet by offering minimal toppings so that you have to order extra toppings on the side. In this case, I did not have to order any extra toppings because they were plentiful to begin with. Furthermore, the portions here are huge. I can usually inhale an entire bowl of ramen in one sitting, but I had to take half of mine home last night. The noodles were cooked to the perfect texture, and the broth was spicy and had a lot of flavor. If you love spicy food, I highly recommend the Spicy Akamaru Ramen. Usually after eating ramen at other locations, I tend to feel greasy and bloated, but I did not feel this way last night after eating the ramen here, which was a major plus in my book. 

Aside from the delicious food with fair prices and large portions, service was quick and friendly. Not to mention, the restaurant itself is very spacious and open with lots of seating. The interior is embellished with a lot of Japanese-themed decor, giving the restaurant an authentic Japanese feel. For drinks, this place offers a variety of Japanese sodas, along with hot tea and regular coke products (no alcoholic beverages here). So, if you're ever craving ramen, definitely give these guys a try.The ramen is good. BUT. The chilli pepper sauce they have on every table is AMAZING. Worth it to eat ramen here just for that sauce. Seriously. Also! The vegetarian option they have here is pretty good! I've been to a few places where the vegetarian ramen was abysmal so that makes me happy :)This is my 2nd time in here since grand opening in December of last year.  I had the fried chicken wings. They are awesome.  Crunchy on the outside and juicy inside.  I also had a bowl of Gomoku Ramen. The soup is light and I don't feel heavy and guilty after finishing to the last drop.  It really hit the spot.Great service, friendly staff, and great ramen! We tried the curry ramen, oxtail ramen, octopus balls (tee hee), and pork buns. All 4 were great, especially the octopus balls. I noticed that a lot of reviews compare this place to its neighbor, Terakawa, and having been to both, I can say that they both offer a different experience. What I like about Naoki, which you just can't get next door, is a much more relaxed vibe and way more comfortable seats! We didn't have to wait 30 minutes and honestly, the octopus balls here are actually better (bigger chunks of octopus and you get 5). Naoki offers specially ramens like curry, kim chee, and Dan Dan ramen, which are all really good. Prices are on point and you never feel rushed to give up your seat. The ramen wasn't too salty, which some might equate to bland, but I feel they achieved a nice balance between flavor and seasoning. I hope they stay because I like having ramen options in Chinatown.It's one of the best ramen places to go to in Philly. The wait is never long, the food is always nice and hot, and the staff are very nice,  even when you ask for a lot from them. I've never been served badly and to be honest, I like the food and service better than Terrakawa Ramen. My two recommendations the Chicken Katsu Ramen, and the Hakata Ramen. They even have a vegetarian selection!Nice and modern looking restaurant. The staff was very nice and the food came pretty quickly. I got one of the spicy pork bowls. The broth was nice and definitely for people who prefer spicy food. The pork was well done, very tender and fell apart when I picked it up with my chop sticks. The bamboo shoots soaked up the flavor very well. The egg was OK, it just seemed a little under done to me. The noodles were a little undercooked, but not inedible. My wife got the Winton ramen. It was about what you would expect in flavor. The broth was a little fishy, but overall was pretty good. The noodles were well done in this dish. They over thing I though was weird was the beverages. The teas were fine, but the sodas were served in cans. Not terrible, just surprised me. The iced green tea was a little too watery. The prices were very fair for the portion sizes. The experience was very nice. I would return.I really enjoyed the food and atmosphere here. The waiter (Hak) is very sociable and will get to know your name. I really enjoyed that everytime we show up and eat, it's like going to eat at a friends house. It's sad to hear that he doesn't work there anymore, my buddies and myself really enjoyed his company there. They should bring him back!I came here on new years day with a group of 12 and management was extremely accommodating for our group. Hak was very helpful and friendly and made sure everyone in our group was taken care. Definitely will be coming back with our group again.How can I describe how fucking disgusting this place is. I ordered the Shoyu Ramen with chicken Katsu on the side and shrimp fried rice.  It was the nastiest shit I've ever tasted. 


First of all the ramen broth was like warm and smelled like some type of rotten pig meat and dirty Tripe. It smelled so bad it made me want to vomit. I tried to taste it but when I did I almost threw up. It was the worst ramen dish I've ever had in my life. Possibly the nastiest meal I ever tasted because of the disgusting pungent smell of  pig shit. It smelled like shit... and the broth was cloudy as if it they just threw in a Bouillon to give the porky broth a taste. The should inform people that the broth is cooked with pork for those who can't eat it. I love pork but this wasn't fresh at all. 

The fried rice was dry and flavorless. The rice tastes like it was precooked so they threw it back in the pan and reheated it because it had that hard texture like it was leftover fried rice. I didn't bother eating that either because the pork they used for the soup broth was used for the rice and I was at the point of puking. That taste was stuck in my Mouth for hours. I wasted 15 bucks on the food and should have waited in line to go to Terakawa Ramen which I did right after. If you want  real Ramen that's fresh and delicious please go there it's right around the corner.Food here was delicious! Tried it here for the first time .. the spicy seafood ramen sure hit the spot! Love the soup spoons! Even the seaweed salad has flavor! Customer service was great as well!My friend and i went to chinatown to look for the best ramen restaurant. of course i had to follow yelp and Naoki ramen was the best option at the time. there were many options for the ramen so we asked the server for just regular ramen with chicken. We got our ramen and mine was supposed to have chicken but apparently they only serve it on the side. It was also not very fresh and tasteful. The service was very good and fast but as far as the food, it could've been better.The best part about Naoki is that you can get a table, even for a group, and it isn't cramped. When a ramen craving hits, it really sucks to have to wait for a tiny table at Terakawa. Is the ramen better at Terakawa- yes, but that doesn't help me when I want ramen in my mouth immediately. 

Naoki's ramen is decent thought some added soy and chili oil helps. They have a large selection of styles. Chicken katsu is decent, a little fatty. Soft boiled eggs aren't over cooked. Service was accommodating.I think like a lot of people, my group and I tried to go to Terakawa Ramen and it was too packed for us to get in. So we came here instead and so glad we did. It was quiet, the waitstaff as attentive, the place was clean and bright. And oh, the ramen. So good. So so so so good. I got the  miso ramen and added egg, which was great because oh man was that freaking delicious. Makes my heart ache that I'm not local and can't get this all the time. Good price for great ramen.I would have given 2 stars but it is a new restaurant with room for improvement. I ordered the Curry Chicken Katsu Ramen. The broth and the curry was a bit bland and diluted. The chicken katsu was alright. The meat was juicy and breading was crunchy. The service was fast pace. As soon as you order the waiter grabs the menu and walks off. Would I come back to eat? Yes but probably in a month when they improve their menu and service.Not bad ramen.  Certainly not as good as Terakawa.  But it gets the job done on a cold day.  The broth wasn't as thick and sticky as I had hoped that it would be, but it had a pretty good flavor.  I ordered the Gomoku Ramen she got the Spicy Ramen with some kimchi on the side.  

The takoyaki (fried octopus balls) were very good here.  A little crisper than some others that come to mind.  There wasn't too much mayo on them either.  

This place looks very clean, and had immediately available seating when Terakawa had an hour wait around the corner.  We saw a few people bring beer in, so I guess it is a BYOB.Terakawa Ramen was overly packed, so being extremely impatient & hungry, I opted to satisfy my ramen craving around the corner at Naoki Ramen. I was a bit skeptical about the food because the weren't very busy when I walked in. But right when I tasted my Hot & Spicy Seafood Ramen, I just knew that Naoki Ramen was a good choice. I haven't found a gourmet ramen place that does spicy like they do here! My portion was $12, but for that you get a big a$$ bowl filled with delicious seafood broth, perfectly cooked noodles, and a variety of seafood. As big as my appetite usually is, I was unable to finish a whole portion. My friend ordered pork buns, and shoyu ramen - which she preferred over Yamitsuki. 

It's been two days since I've been to Naoki, but that big delicious bowl of ramen is all I'm thinking about, so it's safe to say that I will definitely come here again.To be honest we only came here because there was a long line at Terakawa but this turned out to be just as good if not better!  Especially loved the chicken katsu.  Way less crowded too with excellent service.  Will definitely be coming back!