Passero's is definitely a shining spot in the dregs of Suburban Station. Really decent coffee, both iced and hot, nice selection of baked goods - especially their carrot cake squares, which have a layer of cream cheese frosting in the middle - wow, so delicious and moist. They also have a good rotation of soups, as well as small salads, oatmeal, and yogurt. This has become my go-to spot in the morning before heading up to work. The staff is also fantastic - friendly, even early in the morning. Definitely hit them up over Dunkin Donuts or Au Bon Pain.If COFFEE is  what you are after, this is the place. Real pure bean varieties well brewed and at the right temperature. I miss the old locations. Now you can find Passero's on the concourse at Suburban Station and in the Wanamaker Building. The service is quick and friendly.Strong coffee, 10x better than Starbucks and cheaper, vegan jewish apple cake is awesome. Gluten free items too. Funky! Never more than a one minute line. I go multiple times per week.Dear Passero's,
Although a small size is verging on $4, I am a total addict for your pretzel mocha. It's the best combination of caffeinated sweet and chocolatey saltiness to ever grace my taste buds. You can rest assured that I will be a once-a-week customer for as long as I live (in Philadelphia). Thank you for showing me the light.I have liked my last 2 stops with these guys. The coffee is good like my old coffee shop and the staff is friendly. They offer suggestions. I really  like this place. The one i went to was in suburban station.Gotta love a place that knows what you want before you even ask. This is especially clutch when you're only half awake in the morning trying to get your day started with a tasty brew of Black Gold ASAP. It's even more impressive when you come down for your afternoon brace and they're already making your Americano.
Combine that great service and good coffee with some tasty desserts like their brownies, coffee cakes, carrot cakes, and cookies from 4th Street Deli, you've got a regular coffee spot you can rely on during a long week at work.
Thanks Passero's!This place has quality products, great prices, and extremely friendly employees 
Try their chocolate chip cookies. They warn them up do they're gooey and perfectI stopped today in curiosity while I waited for my train to find out that this is the oldest coffee shop in Philly.  Not only was my raspberry mocha outfrickenstanding, but the service was friendly and fast.  I'll try their drip next time... very curious.  I'm not sure if it has it's niche by being the only great spot in the dump of Suburban Station, or if is better suited for the street... in my opinion, it should be where it is but above ground to really bring in the vibe.  
I can't give it 5 stars (yet) because there is no coffee shop appeal and it's in an ugly train station.  Regardless, worth the to-go coffee stop.I'm excited Passero's is back!  The caramel mocha ($3 for 12 oz) is very, very strong.  I could barely open my eyes when I ordered it and 1 hour later I feel like the energizer bunny.  Good thing I ordered a small!
I also picked up a locally baked, vegan, gluten free pumpkin pistachio muffin ($3).  It sounded good at the time, granted I was half asleep.  I excitedly brought it to the office to share with a coworker, but it turned out to be possibly the worst baked good I've ever tasted.  I'm embarrassed I shared it and think I may have lost a friend!  It was bland, salty and slightly bitter.  Play dough comes to mind.  
Friendly service and terrific coffee.  Right now it's cash only, but I think they're working on that.I normally LOVE Passeros but after saying 2x I wanted a blueberry muffin and the cashier even confirming it, I get to my desk to find an apple bran muffin.... sad.It feels criminal to have enjoyed their coffee and food for so long and not write a review for this place...so here goes:
Everything about this place is above and beyond what you could ever expect from a "coffee place".  They have standard go-to coffees like their house blend and Black Gold that are great, however every morning you can see what coffee is the varietal of the day (typically organic fair trade regional coffees) and the flavor of the day (great things like hawaiian coconut, chocolate hazelnut and many many others).  Always fun to try the different coffees and expand your horizons.
The staff is excellent all day round.  In the morning, they are able to handle the heavy load of customers lining up for their morning java, and in the afternoon they are able to quickly hand out any goodies from the amazing brownies to the delicious cookies to the great salads and soups.  Everyone has a smile on their face and are genuinely nice people.  A real pleasure to see on a daily basis.
The quality of the coffee and food is great and the people are great.
What more could you ask for?!The 'Flavor of the Day' is the best part of my morning, hands down. The service is awesome and FAST, and the people are really swell.  Passero's is definitely my go-to coffee place!1. Passero's just reopened and I went for my morning latte. Their coffee is good, strong and definitely not bitter. They have a nice bar with all the fixins and I hear rumors they serve lunch.
2. Service was SO fast  (forget spending 15 minutes in line at Starbucks!) but maybe because I was the only one there. They promptly made my drink and...even gave me suggestions on how to improve it. 
3. They're friendly. Maybe too friendly. I'm not one to sit and chat with the barista when I have to go to the office, I just want to grab a coffee and go. If you decide to visit, just follow the smell of fresh roasted beans and the sounds of Frank Sinatra wafting through the station. They play him really, really loud.Passero's is a great alternative to the 7 Dunkin Donuts and McDonalds that seem to be popping up everywhere underground.  Everything there is freshly prepared & delicious.  Very unassuming place that is worth a stop.
I love their soups & cous cous salads.  I just wish they'd stop running out of stuff so quickly!Love this place. Awesome regular coffee iced coffee and cappuccinos  real good qualify stuff. also they have good muffins and even better croissants 
Staff is friendly organized and FAST. they move a line like nobody's business.  It's never taken more than 5 min for me to get my order even when there is a big line
Did I mention the good music and disco ball?I have been here 2 times-once before in the afternoon & they were friendly & super  nice, but my iced latte wasn't anything to write home about. I am on a new health kick & passed by & saw they have almond milk. MMMMM. The uber awesome staff whipped up an almond milk latte for me with spunk & a smile. Quick chitchat while adding cinnamon and off I went. My first sip stopped me in my tracks-- it is ridiculously good. Like ridiculous. This is the best goddamned coffee ever to pass my lips in my short sheltered life. This shit is like the nectar of the gods. I'm pretty sure this coffee inspired Lady Gaga's new song 'Venus'.   I would get married again and serve nothing but this latte in huge fountains at my reception & everyone present  would proclaim it to be the best wedding they'd ever been to for years to come. Why am I only now discovering the goodness of almond milk lattes at this close wonderland of an establishment? I feel like a straight up Newton this morning. 
Thanks Passero's--I'm ready to take on the world now.I've been a customer of their Suburban Station location frequently (less frequently at their Wanamaker Building location), and have found that the consistently brew a great cup of coffee. The staff is always attentive and friendly, and I love the 2016 New Year's advisories on their sandwich board - check out my photo. Passero's is a bright spot in what is largely a drab and uninteresting regional train station.Great place for coffee. I'm a tea and hot chocolate person and love both their tea's and hot chocolates. Great snacks too. They have soups and sandwhiches , never tried those though.Just recently started picking up train at Suburban rather than 30th & stumbled (eyes wide shut due to lack of morning Joe) upon the quaint local business. Seems they offer a great selection of drinks & fare including salads and small bites but I was there for only one thing - My usually standard Starbucks gone local Vanilla Red Eye. Pleasantly greeted & cared for by the cashier. I noticed if you were a regular she had your drink ready in advance. Couldn't ask for a better cup at a more reasonable price (3.50 as opposed to 5.50) red eye.
I'll be back!This is my new go-to morning coffee place. The coffee is really really good. The service is also excellent. Even if I see a long line I know it will be quick. They ask what you want almost as soon as you get into line and it's ready by the time the cashier is ringing you up.  Oh and did I mention the coffee is awesome!Im not saying this just because im a neighboring employee (cough-pretzel factory cough cough...) but their coffee and cookies are only rivaled by their service. they're quick without rushing you and efficient while still managing to brighten your day.
       They also carry level up, the new way to pay with your phone! Its (Finally!)completely free and totally safe to use. You just hook your card up to your phone and pay through an encrypted bar code. 
         No one ever gets your card info so you're safe from identity theft. Plus level up acts as a loyalty club so as you spend money at the places you normally shop you get money back. passeros offers $4 for every $40 spent! 
         if you haven't gotten level up yet use this code to get a bonus $5 global credit to use at any level up carrying location!!! 9WHRC2 and no worries the code never expires! everyone can use a free caffeine fix..or two lol!!! ^.^Everything they serve is dangerously delicious. I could eat their cinnamon coffee cake and/or their carrot cake every single day (and those are the only two things I've tried- I'm sure everything else they serve is just as good). The staff are always pleasant and friendly.Excellent soup, excellent coffee, friendly staff (but they're also very efficient. So have your order ready ! Lol. ) This place aims to get you "in and out"! I appreciate the speed! High quality , reasonable prices for the location. Keep up the great job. Fresh soups. Try the chicken chowder, the Jamaican jerk chicken, or the white bean chicken chili.A great and happy place.  Five stars because the coffee is outstanding, the food selection is thoughtful, fresh and tasty and it is authentically of the community (albeit in the Suburban Station dungeon).The Passero's in Suburban Station is my everyday go-to. They are always unfailingly nice, very quick and efficient, and their coffee is fantastic! Also the quality of their coffee and other drinks comes at a better price than any other boutique coffee shop in the area. I know Philly lives on DD but if you're looking for quality coffee and service at only a fraction more of the price, Passero's is absolutely worth it. Small varietal every morning for me!Free wifi, takes credit cards, friendly - not fake - service with a smile, and some pretty serious coffee.  Definite upgrade!
I'm hooked on their pumpkin bread & espresso drinks.  
I bought a reusable mug - very large - and Passero's donated the proceeds to local charities.  Now I have an eco-friendly cup that comes with a discount every time I get a refill.
The coffee here is still amazingly strong.  It's the perfect swift kick in the behind that I need to get moving during these brisk winter mornings.Such friendly service. I appreciate that they have non-dairy milk options (almond,soy, &coconut)  out for coffee. Although they don't have a lot of vegan food options it is definitely a huge plus that they had a couple.Excellent and surprisingly quick staff even during rush hour. Always grab a nice hot cocoa from this shop. The staff is extremely friendly! Well priced.Starbucks is so far away from Passeros in the quality department, it might as well be located on Mars. 
Awesome coffee, tasty snacks and excellent service every time. The customer service world could learn a lot from the way these fine folk run things.3.5 stars.
I came off of a redeye flight into Suburban station. I got the house blend and an oatmeal. That set me back a reasonable $4. In fact I thought the server had under charged me. The coffee was so-so; the oatmeal  tasted like it was from a Trader Joe's (Starbucks still has the best oatmeal on the go.) I was reading some other reviews about how great Passero's beans are, but you must have to order a special brew, and not the house blend, to feel the same way.
I sat at the under used coffee bar side which seems to be where regulars wait around until their brew is ready. There's free Verizon wifi in the station at the moment probably as part of the advertising takeover in the station so i busted out my laptop and did some work before heading to the office. I'd come here again because of the laptop-friendly seating and proximity to the toilets.
P.S. The water fountain nearby seems to attract all the homeless looking characters looking for hydration.**this review is for the Passero's at 18th and JFK.  Oops, I mis-read the address.  Is Passero's even there anymore?**
I worked in this building for 3 years, and I was most certainly a regular at Passero's.  The staff there was always so nice, took the time to chit-chat, got to know you by name and remembered what your "usual" was ---even sillies like me who tend to switch up their "usual" every so often.  These folks were ON!
The coffee was yummy, as were their muffins.  I moved out of Philly in 2005, so it's been awhile.  I hope the place hasn't changed much.My favorite coffee place in Philadelphia. I work right in Center City and have many coffee places within walking distance, but I come to Passero's every morning! I get an iced coffee/cold brew usually which is so good, but their hazelnut lattes are also to die for. The workers are so friendly and the coffee is organic and fair trade.
They always have an inspirational quote on a dry erase board, which I love. Passero's is the best way to start off my mornings.This is going to be my new morning coffee spot. I used to go to Starbucks because, well you know, everyone does, right? This place has better prices, an amazingly friendly and fast paced staff, and amazing coffee.  For any of you coffee snobs out there, this place is legit.Great coffee, even better staff ! I don't go a day without stopping by . The pick up from the coffee and the friendly smiles keep me going for the rest of the day .Passero's is a reliable place for a morning cup of sassy caffeinated deliciousness.
Do not try to come here while rushing for your 5:15 PM train, as the place with either already be closed, or moving slow enough that you'll never make it to your platform in time. But the mornings! Oh the mornings...
Their mochas are super potent, and come in a variety of crazy-sweet flavors like Nutella Mocha, Dark Chocolate Mocha, and S'more Mocha.
It's the perfect combination of decadent treat and Übermenschian energy (so you can burn off a few of those calories while you're at it?) I'm always seeking the perfect mocha or sweet coffee drink and Passero's always satisfies that craving!
Travelers note: Passero's has a small footprint so there's not really a place to hang out, or chill, so grab your drink and keep on moving.The best coffee in Philadelphia. Theres always a variety of roasts for every palette and the service is incredibly friendly. The owner Jeff Lincoln opened up in 1990, before Starbucks was in town, and has been kicking ass ever since.
Theres always gluten free, vegetarian, and occasional vegan options and they serve great soups. Stay away from the vegan muffins though, they're over priced and taste horrible.Love the coffee. However, the Suburban Station staff are really unfriendly. Recent experiences have been really great! Afternoon staff are really friendly and interested in the product. Thanks!I love the lavender lemon cake at this Passeros. Thanks for having vegan desserts Passeros. Keep it up and I'll keep coming.
The location is convenient for commuters and those of us who cross through Suburban Station to avoid a rainy, hot or cold day.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about their products.  And, I love love love the desserts and tea.Passeros is located very close to my building, which makes it a very nice stop on my way to work! They have the BEST bread and scones!! The food is fresh and is the perfect morning treat! 
My only downside is that I'm not a huge fan of the hot drinks from there. 
However, the staff is so nice and always welcoming!Now that I work right by Suburban Station I've had the chance to get coffee here several times.  I gotta say, I'm a fan.  They move the (sometimes very long) line pretty quick and the coffee is good and decently priced.  They offer a flavor of the day you can get as well.  I haven't had any of their specialty drinks so I can't speak to them but I'm digging their java drip.
+1 star because they donate 5% of their profits to charities, very cool!
The hipster staff is pretty friendly.I'm hooked. 
This is my go-to before work morning coffee place.  Despite its unfortunate Suburban concourse location, it's accessible and almost a straight shot from subway to work, so it's a no-brainer for me.
Beans are solid, coffee is dark, deep and strong, like my soul. (ha!)
Why ever, ever, go to Dunkin' Donuts when you've got Passero nearby?
The people here are seriously the tops.  Always, super, ridiculously friendly, quick with a smile - and because, you know I frequent the joint on a daily basis, they always remember my order (now that's service!).
Nary a wait, don't be discouraged by any queue that forms here, the team works like a well-oiled machine.
As for grub: lots of baked goods, plenty of vegan/gluten-free options, some serious soups for lunch time - they offer a little bit of everything for everyone.
So, yeah, the coffee is a bit more expensive, but it's worth it to shell out extra coinage for good brew and attentive, lovely service.  The only way to start your Monday morning.Great coffee, friendly service and yummy snacks. The flavor of the day is always delicious, especially the Hawaiin Cocunut. YumEven though there is always a line, almost going up the stairs into One Penn Center, this place is worth it. 
For the same price you pay at Starbucks, you can have better quality coffee. There really isn't much to complain about. The coffee is fantastic, the staff is friendly, service is prompt. However, 'fresh squeezed orange juice' is a crock of shit. I saw the barista pour it out of a container, which I am sure was 'fresh squeezed' at the time. If I'm shelling out almost $3.00 for juice, don't duck behind the counter and hide. Rabble rabble rabble.I love passero's. Hands down the best coffee shop around center city/suburban station during the morning rush in terms of price, speed, order accuracy, and employee friendliness. Everyone that works there is always friendly, efficient, and willing to help. They give more espresso shots per drink than starbucks and still remain a few cents cheaper. They have a variety of breakfast muffins, vegan breads, fruit, and yogurts, all great healthier options for breakfast and are easy to take on the go.I get Passero's right before the train - they are def quick (that's important! gotta get to my train!!) and make awesome drinks.  Yes, they are STRONG and I do feel like I got my money's worth and even more important - satisfied.  When was the last time you said that about $4 drink??  It's a treat  when I wake up late and am having a bad morning because I don't have time to make my own nuclear coffee at home :(  I never feel bad about drinking their coffee and paying more except like a schmuck because I just blew $5 with coffee and tip.  Oh well.  
... they also play Super Rad music in the am ... the bee gees pumping disco and a perfect latte handed to you with a genuine smile?  Can't get better, make my day!!  - I'm a fan and *extremely thankful!*  Will gladly pass up the competition and save my pennies for those rainy Passero's treat days.  Yum Yum!Here's a little update to say... I may have been a little mixed up in my last review. 
1. Passero's is consistently hoppin now and there's always a line, but that doesn't seem to slow down the service. 
2. Every time you stop for coffee there you see someone you know.
3. They're just genuinely nice people that want to get you your coffee super fast and for super, super super cheap. (I'm talking $3.20 for a coffee and bagel with cream cheese. YUM)Absolutely love this place. The coffee is excellent, with a variety of flavors to choose from--none of that watered down coffee you find at other locations around Suburban Station. I also love their soups. I am addicted. Even at $5 a pop I find myself anticipating the daily soup menu. My favorites are Chicken Gumbo, Chicken Pastina, the Chili Con Carne to name a few.Great coffee.  I usually get the daily varietal, which is consistently excellent no matter which one they're serving. So is the house blend. And if you really need a jump start, their French Roast is seriously strong.A lonely beacon of hope in the dreary, fluorescence of Suburban Station.
Coffee quality is superb. Iced and Expresso drinks are molto bene. 
Service is friendly, and quick.. think of the opposite of Dunkin Donuts
They offer Gluten free this and that.. fine selection of Croissants, 4th street cookies, biscottis, bagels, fruit. 
Only negatives.. coffee prices a tad up there..and need to add real/fresh cream cheese and toaster for the bagels.. cmon, DD can do it.I just finally decided to come here, and I'm not a coffee drinker.  But I do drink hot chocolate and I've ordered this a few times.  I like it better than the Dunkin Donuts version.
The pretzel cocoa is really good and even better if the owner makes it for you.  It has caramel syrup, whip cream, and a shot of salt which surprisingly fits in well!
I'll have to make this a once-in-a-while splurge because $3 for a small can quickly add up over the course of time.