This might be my favorite coffee shop in the city. The food is unbelievable. Anything I have ordered has been fresh, delicious and so enjoyable. The place has a cool edgy vibe and lots of comfy seating and some great seats outside when the weather is nice. Definitely worth checking out especially if you want a some food as well.New to the area and was looking for a good brunch/breakfast place that has a lot of gluten free options.  GF bread is available for all the sandwiches and they made sure to note that they put GF bread on my Lil Goat egg sandwich (which was amazing!) when they delivered the food. Portion was very large too.Red Hook is my jam!  This place focuses on their drinks and their extensive food options. I appreciate this a lot. They aren't pretentious, at all, and have a chill funky homey vibe about then. The people there are pretty friendly and welcoming. I had solid drinks from Red Hook. But if you are looking for a coffee shop that can serve good drinks and good food, then Red Hook blows away the competition.  I've been to cafes that serve good drinks, but not good food. This place serves both!Had a maple, cayenne latte- spicy and delicious. Went back another time for lunch and had a chicken, mozz and peach jam with basil sandwhich- YUM. I'm sold. Will definitely go back again :)I love this place!! They have really creative and affordable vegan/ vegetarian options, including vegan pastries. And their coffee so amazing.Great neighborhood coffee shop.  Decent prices, good food, nice environments inside and out.  I like the huevos banditos.  Nice people who work thereThis place has great coffee, beautiful mugs, great atmosphere, delightful staff, and (most surprisingly for a coffee shop) amazing food! Seriously, come here for lunch. Or better yet, for a tasty brunch with no lines to wait in. Their eggs seem most popular, but my favorite is their Red Hook sandwich. Each sandwich comes with a small bowl of salad which is like a painting of flavor. 

I come here a lot to work. (It's near my home). The only reason I don't come here every time I need to work is I don't want to get tired of it! It's cozy but never seems crowded. 

Also, they put on fun events after hours once a month to serve food and drinks and showcase local artists. 

 A true community oriented business. There's definitely close-knit regulars, but always room for new faces.Love the ambience here as well as the menu. I've been stopping by for iced coffees or the mango avocado smoothie (awesome with soy milk) and a bagel with tofutti, and love all of these. Today I tried their vegan chicken salad with the potato salad on the side and it was INCREDIBLE. Loved the flavor and the texture of each, will definitely be adding this to the list of regular items.I go here to grab a bagel with cream cheese on the way to work occasionally. You walk in, there's some pretty solid art everywhere you look, and when I finally get my toasted bagel it's like, woah, they put a hell of a lot of cream cheese on this bagel (which is to my preference because I need to eat more). It's also reasonably priced. Very hip.Awesome place - too bad some awful woman complained about the dogs - our little dog loved visiting!Amazing Coffee/Food, always cute local dogs hanging out, support local artists, great queens village jem!First a little disclaimer, this review is for the drinks only, I've never eaten here, also the reason for the four stars.  I walk dogs in Red Hook's neighborhood so I often find myself nearing the end of the day in need of a pick me up or warm up within blocks of this gem.  

The decor is amazing and welcoming.  Really cute and comfortable furniture lines one wall while a bar with chairs lines the windowed wall.  The employees are NICE, something oddly lacking in a lot of Philly coffee shops.  They are also talented baristas and my drinks are consistent and damn tasty.  My favorite drink is their seasonal Ancho Chile Hot Chocolate- my god! It's pricey but you can taste why.  The drink is pure bliss, chocolatey and sweet, milky and smooth but with a spice and little bits of ancho chile to chew on between sips.  

I've also had plain coffee, of which you have a choice of roasts, and a few other fancy coffees.  Someday I'l try one of their paninis or vegan sweets and see if they are worthy of a fifth star.  

One time I stupidly spilled a large portion of my drink while trying to add cream and sugar  with the same hand I was using to hold a dog leash(did I mention you can take your doggie here).  The dog pulled and coffee went everywhere.  Fail.  The baristas were so nice, they didn't get mad at me, helped me clean up and refilled my coffee.  Yet another reason why I go here more than any of my local coffee places and tip every time.Delicious. Good vibe. A bit expensive. A bit too small. But I just had a really good breakfast so I'm happy.Love this place!  Been coming here for years and it has only gotten better over the years.  They have delicious gluten free bread for their fresh sandwiches and quite often their soup of the day is gluten free.  The coffee is delicious, so are the shakes.  The decor is warm and local art is always hanging on the walls.  Staff is friendly and helpful and dogs are welcome, so that's always a plus!We loved the cozy, welcoming atmosphere of this place. Brick wall filled with artwork, tables, couch, and a bar wrapped around the window with a bunch of art magazines lying around. The coffee was great as well. I can't believe I didn't realize this place was here. We'll be coming back often whenever we're in town.


I must say, they really do often have some of the most interesting artwork I've seen at coffee shops. Each time we've gone, it's been a new artist. We just purchased a few pieces from the current artist on display. I believe her name is Stevie something?They have the very BEST curry chicken salad wrap EVER!  I get it on a fairly regular basis and it is alway good.  Today it was incredible!  Thank you!  I also like their soy latte a lot too!So I must first admit: I don't drink coffee.  Never had a drop in my life.  Finding a coffee shop that caters as much to the non-coffee drinkers can be a challenge.  I was expecting to go elsewhere on this hot Sunday afternoon, but it was closed for the holiday weekend.  Yelp helped me find Red Hook.  Like another reviewer, I noticed that the staff was sitting chatting with friends when I walked in, but she stood right up to assist me.  She offered her recommendation for an Earl Grey with Caramel Latte.  It was a great choice.  Good flavor... and something I never would've considered on my own.

My one (maybe two) issues with Red Hook is that the place feels a bit like visiting a college kid's shared house.  The mismatched furniture is cute, but worn and dirty.  There was dust and dirt everywhere.  And, probably due to the heat outside and frequent door openings, lots of bugs.  They also didn't have air conditioning.  My fault for ordering a hot drink, but still... a coffee shop should feel cozy: warm in the winter and cool in the summer.

I may come back for additional drinks, but probably not for sitting for any length of time.Wow so glad we stopped on our way through philly... not toddler friendly by any means but we got the food to go and it was Incredible... the coffee was some of the best i have hadThis is my favorite breakfast place in nice weather!! They'll make you anything you want ...food is fresh and healthy!  As a bonus, I often run into some of my favorite people here.  So happy it's just a few blocks from my house!Was in the neighborhood and needed a space to grab a quick breakfast and to get some work/reading done. Red Hook was a great space for both. The small space was quiet with one 1-2 other tables of customers but tons of foot traffic of folks stopping in to grab a coffee. I was indecisive and asked for a recommendation on a breakfast sandwich. Ordered the Preacher Man which was a good blend of sweet and savory. Bonus points for the tempeh bacon and veggie sausage options. I think all sandwiches come with a side of potato salad which was also tasty. Would definitely stop back if I'm this neck of the woods again.Two words: Coco Chanel.  Hot Chocolate with a hefty dollop of Nutella in there.  Topped with FRESH whipped cream and chocolate sauce.  OMG.  This was the perfect, non-caffeine beverage for a chilly morning.  

Being literally right around the corner from my aunts place in the city we walked here to grab a cup in the morning before jetting off to over activities.  This is a beverage that dreams are made of.  I literally dream about it off and on since having it.  While I'd attempt to make this at home, the next time I am in Philadelphia you can be your last dollar that, cold or not, I'll be here grabbing a cup.This place smelled like a gym and was incredibly dirty.  Layers of fuzz on the counter where you fix up your coffee.  The floors looked like they had not been washed in a year.  I wanted to bolt the second I walked in the door.  But, my husband wanted some iced tea so we waited in line for a while and I got to observe the surroundings, which only reconfirmed why I will never be back.

The pluses are the people who work there were incredibly friendly and they have extensive vegan and gluten free options if you lean that way.Love the service, ambience, food (inexpensive and delicious and creative), and they offer almond milk with your coffee. Plus the bathroom is awesome.Red Hook's coffee shop sandwiches and breakfasts have all been 5 star delicious, everything I've had that they make is outstanding.

The pastries are not made in house and I give 3 stars at most. 

Staff training manual seems to require an aloof and laissez Faire approach, but don't let that stop you or you'll miss out on their awesome food. I just tip on my way out rather than when I order!This place is awesome! It's cool, without being annoyingly hipster-ish. The drink prices are awesome- much cheaper than Starbucks or places of the like. The food is delicious! They have vegan stuff, vegetarian stuff, and meat-eater stuff. All very well-priced and very delicious! The music is very eclectic, the staff is very friendly. The decor is interesting. It's a small place, which is just fine by me. Very good. I definitely recommend this place!!!Coffee is ok , nothing special. Small venue but very comfy and cute! I love the decor and the music.

I didn't get food her but plan to next time. They have a great selection of soups and sandwiches. The best part is that they have GF baked items and Vegan options avail!I really like Red Hook. Whenever I'm in the area to get fabric, I always stop by. The inside is really cute, and has a bay window that would be perfect for reading in, if someone wasn't always sitting there first. The coffee is really good, and they always ask whether you'd like medium or dark roast. I've never had any of their baked stuff, but it looks really good. They could definitely benefit from more seating - there are only a few chairs and a couch. Prices are good, and staff is always friendly.Since I've moved out of Philly, there are few things I miss as much as Red Hook's breakfast sandwiches. So. Damn. Good.I love the Red Hook.  I come by often when I am in the area.  It's a great place to relax in a comfy armchair or do work on a laptop.  They have a cool decor and really friendly, youngish staff.  It's kind of expensive, but the coffee is fair trade and delicious.  Plus, you can't beat the location on 4th and Catherine.great service and free almond milk to add to tea. yummy matte and good selection of tasty vegan treats!!! a+ awesome. my partner and i recently went to this place and the atmosphere is inviting and friendly. besides...its right near Vinyl Altar 

i recommend getting the large matte with a splash of almond milk with 3 Splenda. splurge away here, one of the best cafes ive been toi love their sandwiches and food selection in general.  a comfortable place to read or hang out.  the ladies behind the counter can be a bit sassy, and i don't generally ask for a side of sass. prices are typical. who doesn't want to walk down fabric row?here is the story,the best coffee house,wait a second gang the best place to eat breakfast and lunch,end of story the best tea selections too,all food is unreal they will make what you want,on or off of there menu,there eggs are great i could go on and on,the owners are great too.I moved to QV 3 years ago.  I visit Red Hook at least once a week.  I have found the staff to be welcoming and lovely.  Lattes are the best; food is delicious.  I am a baby boomer/grandma  (albeit with a nose pierce from Infinite circa 2009); I find no prejudice that I am not a cool 'hipster'...although I am cool!   Have brought my visiting out-of-town family members here...everyone loved it.  This is my go to coffee shop.  So very happy it is in my neighborhood!!The BLT&A was fantastic. Great atmosphere and huge portions.  Love the breakfast all day.Yummy!  Worth the wait!  They will cater to your special needs as long as you ask...make sure you ask questions! (ex: potato salad has a kick!)Great spot. Upset I didn't find it sooner. Just stopped in for a quick cappuccino, but'll sure be back for sandwiches.I just went here today and bumped into it by accident. I am vegan and can't say there are too many options for me everywhere. There was a wide selection of food for me to select from. Everything is priced so cheap and the food was amazing. The vegan BLT was awesome but the potato salad that came with it was the best potato salad I have ever had! Definitely will be coming back soon.I go to red hook primarily for the "4th on 4th" openings, but I have been there a few times just for coffee/sammies, and it's been delicious every time.Food is always great. They are very generous with their bacon so that basically makes them perfect. I usually get the California wrap and have never been disappointed. Price is just about right and the I love the look of the place.This is my first trip and I'm already a regular.  Cozy and charming, this place has a great vibe as well as an eclectic soundtrack everyone can appreciate.  Food is delish and well priced.  Its a fresh take on regular coffee shop eats. Excited to try their sandwiches!  Coffee was a little light on flavor for me, but then again I like my coffee very strong.  Its my new spot for sure!Red Hook is everything a coffee shop should be: quaint, corner shop with good, affordable coffee, and good food.

Try the Red Hook Panini!  It's tasty as is the homemade pesto pasta salad that comes with it.

I'd consider moving to Queens Village just to be closer to this perfect coffee shop.What a great find!

Recently, I was taking on a walk on a beautiful day and figured that I would stop in and give it a try, boy am I glad that I did!  The decorating automatically struck me as very unique and at the same time very comfortable    The menu is not too complicated, but has a lot of great choices.  I personally went with the hummus and vegetable sandwich, which was fresh, delicious, and perhaps best of all, under 5 dollars,  It was so full of fresh veggies, I almost had problems taking bites.  I also had an iced coffee, which was the perfect compliment to the 90 degree heat outside. 

This seems like a perfect place to sit and spend an hour or two on a lazy weekend day.  I will definitely be coming back soon!My boyfriend got the scrambles eggs with bacon on a blueberry bagel. But I'm almost positive it was sausage instead of bacon. Actually tasted like chopped hotdog. He wasn't a fan, neither was I. However, I got the tempeh bacon wrap (I forgot what it was called exactly) it was good. We also split The Elvis which was the PB bacon and banana sandwich. Sounded crazy amazing but it was anything special. We only took two bits. I would definitely add Jelly to it for a sweet component. It was just toooo much PB with bacon banana gooeyness. A nice little cafe however, nice staff. Great coffees and smoothies as well.Red Hook is great! The staff is always extremely friendly and speedy! It's a great spot to hang out for a few hours. The tea and coffee is great and the sandwiches are always delicious!I don't know maybe it's the area but visiting from New York it was alright. I ordered a yerba mate which technically is supposed  to be brew under boiling temperature. It took fifteen minutes to drink to cool temperature. My wife ordered a dirty chai latte it was really foamy.
    The decor and ambiance in the area is cool and didn't try the food so that's  probably where the five stars are from. I do appreciate a barista that knows their craft but I can't say it's this place from my visitI started coming to this place recently to get a change of scenery from the usual coffee shops I frequent. The space is very comfortable and though it is small, I've never had a problem finding a seat. I think the food is what really sets this place apart from the other coffee shops in the area. They have a very large selection of sandwiches and so far the ones I've tried have been really tasty. Today I had the philly wrap which is chicken, avocado, roasted red peppers and tomato along with homemade potato salad. It may seem simple, but it was just done really well and everything was fresh. Price might be a buck or so above average, but totally worth it for quality food. Oh and the complimentary free refill on coffee is almost unheard of in this town, so major points for that.THE BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICH YOU WILL EVER TASTE!!
I love Red Hook... everything about it.  But seriously, once in your life you need to try the bacon egg and cheese. It will change your life.:(  Not sure what happened here. LOVED Redhook from the day it opened until I left for boston about a year ago. They always had great music, eclectic art, yum hot drinks (esp their spicy ginger chai!), fresh vegan, veggie and meat eater food options...and usually friendly solid service.  The pets add a nice warm component to the whole vibe as well.  I would see neighbors stopping in for a cup of coffee on their morning walks.  Nice.  Really nice.  

When I was in school I came here around 3+ times a wk and would eat half a dozen meals in their sunny window seat.  I wrote a book in this place...  

BUT SOMETHING WENT WRONG!  I came back from boston (not exactly the warmest of cities) and now the staff's too cool for school.  I'm used to the hipster attitude but really...no "hello", no eye contact, not one smile or acknowledgment that I'm talking to you and trying to order a 4$ chai latte?  I really tried last time.  I ended up laughing at myself outloud as the girl behind the counter completely ignored what I said and turned around.  I was literally embarrassed.  To top it off now my favorite ginger chai is watered down, mostly milk and served luke warm... Where's the spice and ginger?  No more fun spicy lentil pasta side dishes and the attitude...god the attitude!  I can't believe other reviewers say they're friendly.  They must be part of some special club or I keep missing the nice baristas.  I've tried 3x in the past 2 weeks to get back to loving Redhook but I think that last episode did me in.

The food.  The ambience, the ginger chai - This place was created to be amazing.  I bragged about Redhook in the neighborhood.  Baristas wake up...coffee shops are not just about a good cup of coffee (which you DO well).  Its a service industry.  You were handed a gem and did no work for it.  I think you actually like your job so why pretend to be so cold.   The old owner went to pretty decent lengths to create the warm cozy vibe and you're ruining it for the old regulars.  Im uncomfortable sitting there and the music is far too loud to be enjoyable.  Prices are over the top and the foods not nearly as awesome.  To the new Redhook fans, I really wish you tried it a couple years ago.  Everything was better then.  Wish the old owner would come back. Its such a great spot! Darn.Fast service. Great food, and an edgy environment. There's something for everyone. Try the mango smoothie it's refreshingAmazing sandwiches big enough for two meals. Very cozy inside if you want to stay or just relax over a cup of coffee/tea.