out of ten -- ten being best
food: 7.8
lighting: 10
noise: 10
environment: 8.5
staff: 9Went in for the soft opening and we walked away very impressed.  Try the koreancini and the wings - both stand to be this place's signature dishes.  The sake punch was a fun take on sangria.  Fair beer menu and plenty of spirits to choose from.  Dessert was their play on strawberry shortcake that satisfied.  We'll be here often.Love the ambiance and the food was delicious! I have never had Korean food before and this was a terrific introduction! The Koreancini (fried rice and corn balls) were crisp and sweet and salted to perfection. The Kale Salad was big but not overwhelming and the dressing is perfection. We also got the stone pot bibimbap with tofu. The tofu was expertly cooked and the entire dolsat was flavorful but not too spicy. The relish on the BBQ tofu tacos was pickled heaven. 
The white and red sangria were both excellent as well. My friend doesn't even like white sangria and she loved mine. There were also beers, wine, and cocktails that we still have yet to try!
Cannot wait to return!Came here for brunch with family and friends and we really enjoyed our meals. I had the chicken and waffles and it was decent. Looks like I missed out and should have order the burger instead because that tasted awesome. Cool atmosphere and nice service. Definitely will return to try their dinner menu!I had been wanting to try this place for a while, ever since I passed by it one day. Fast forward to Sunday, we were looking for a quick place to grab brunch and I suggested we try Southgate. We were able to find street parking nearby for free . When we got inside we were immediately seated and were able to identify several menu items that looked really yummy  the prices were all pretty decent (a meal and a mimosa will run you about $20). When the food came out everything tasted great (the fries are AMAZING). And last but certainly not least, our server Dan was super attentive and helpful. Overall it's a nice option for a casual weekend brunch if you're not trying to do a boozy brunch but still want a little booze.I came here with a friend after it was named the Best Burger from Best of Philly. We both had the Bulgogi burger with fries, and while it was pretty great, I wouldn't say it was the best I've had in Philly (that would be a tie between Kensington Quarters, P'unk Burger, and Good Dog Bar). The service and ambiance were lovely, and I would definitely return.I really enjoyed the bibimbap (got the one with tofu), it came in a hot bowl. There is outside seating which is nice but I would probably sit inside the next time.This place.  
The service was good - BUT the food-
Ordered all kinds of menu items. 
Kimchee , small plate, salmon crudo, buns , chicken karage , fried rice 
As I was digging thru my plate for nourishment , looking for anything flavourful -i felt eyes burning on the back of my neck.  It was the cook looking like a dog groomer peaking thru the kitchen "window"-----noticing our lackluster expressions.  
Over view 
- Kim cheeee was old AF
- Buns oversteamed
- Chicken karage over cooked "chicken fried chicken jerky"
- No water options : just sink water 
- Basic.  
We paid before we got the rice- yelling as we ran out- 
Keep the rice.The drinks were good, not amazing but good. The Korean fried chicken was flavorful and extra crunchy which I enjoyed. BUT the pork belly udon noodles were seriously awful. I am not at all a picky eater and will pretty much eat anything, but I could barely get any of it down. I felt queasy the rest of the night just thinking about them. Probably won't be back.An awesome addition to the neighborhood. Love the seating outside .. but more importantly, love the bibimbap (especially in the stone bowl). I've been a few times now, and I just can't bring myself to order anything else!Loved this place! I came here for a senior dinner. While the menu is pretty small, I love how it's so focused on Korean fusion food. I ordered the salmon bibimbap with my rice on the side. I thought the flavors balanced perfectly. Compared to other bibimbaps I've had in the past, the one I had at Southgate wasn't too heavy on the sauce. The ingredients were also seasoned just right, so that the main star of the dish was the actual salmon. While I don't drink, I was also extremely impressed by their drink specials. Would definitely reconsider this place if I'm in the mood for awesome food in a cozy environment.I enjoyed my bibimbop but the beef was a little on the tough side. I love the way the sizzling pot crisps the rice at the bottom :-P 
My octopus appetizer was awesome - and a huge portion.I took a friend to this Korean spot because she was curious about Korean food.  Bimbimbop was inedible, fried chicken with panko was not a real chicken filet, but akin to chicken McNuggets, or mystery meat.  The wings were just OK.  This was an awful meal, and I think my friend will likely skip the Korean food for a long time to come.I love this place beyond belief! It has the most flavorful food is the whole city!!! Which means the best food in the world in that Philadephia in my mind is this culinary capitol of the world!!! I was absolutely impressed. They were so attentive too it was my birthday. I had the most wonderful time. I would give this place 100 stars!!! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! I can't wait to go back;)I used to be a denizen of the Old Tangier, so I wanted to see what became of the local neighborhood haunt.  The interior is wonderful.  So sleek and clean.  That being said, with all of the hard surfaces, it is hard to hear yourself think when the place is busy, let alone have a conversation at the table.  They are still developing the menu, so I wasn't able to see the full range of offerings they have.  I had the salad with the sushi tuna and rice.  It was a wonderful combination of tuna, daikon, fennel, pickled ginger and rice.  I found the chili sauce a bit too hot for my personal taste, but would not fault the restaurant for that.  Servers were anxious to please.  The biggest downer was the noise level.  When I mentioned it to our waiter he said that sometimes it's more relaxed and quiet (like when nobody is there?).  Some sound-absorbing materials would help to quiet the place down.  I don't want to have to yell across a tiny talbe for dinner or yell at the waitstaff to order.  I will see what the full menu and the atmosphere are like once they fully open.We went there yesterday.  The KFC was good but the spicy version was not spicy enough.  The chicken was crispy.  I think Soho has better KFC.
We tried the best of Philly's bulgogi burger,  it was nice and juicy but again needed more of that Korean flavor profile to come out with the kochuchang sauce or Kim chi on it to add some crunch to the burger.  The fries were weak and tasted like they were dehydrated and very dry on the outside.
I would say the Butcher and Singer's burger  and Village Whiskey burgers are better.
The shrimp dumplings were excellent and had a nice miso glaze sauce to dip into on the plate.
The service was excellent since we went early but would go again.
Southgate,  please don't hold back on the Korean flavor profiles which make Korean food so delicious to eat to accommodate the Rittenhouse area.The KFC wings were very good- super crunchy and sticky sweet and hot. Great addition to the neighborhood.The new chef has made an awesome menu and flavor even better! I didn't think it was possible but I was proved wrong. I always love coming home to Southgate.Mom always says if you don't have anything nice to say don't say it. I loved the great waitstaff and the drinks were yummy - hence the five stars. But check the menu before you visit. It is not like other Korean or Korean inspired restaurants I've experienced in the Philadelphia, NYC  and  Baltimore area. In my experience, the side dishes (Banchan) accompany the bibimbap and other main courses and aren't usually a la carte.  There are usually several accompanying little delicious dishes plus kimchee with most entree choices. This is not like those restaurants and the prices and the a la carte sides were a surprise. I recommend going there to enjoy the drinks and wonderful  service the waitstaff provides. But in the Center City area, I recommend going to Washington Avenue, 10th Street, or Chinatown for a less expensive and more authentic Korean (U.S) dining experience. 
My friend loved the burger option which was well seasoned, spicy and flavorful. He loves spicy food and was happy with his choice. Our waiter, the hostess, the bartender as well as the cooking staff were lovely, friendly and anticipated all of our needs.The menu is smaller than it appears. I felt like I almost had to order the wings and the bibimbap. 
And I did. And it was great. 
But for some reason, not many venture far from those items. Or that's what it seems like, judging by the items coming out of the kitchen and the prior reviews. 
I would go if you are in the area, and if you have a need for twice fried wings and bibimbap in a stone pot.I came here with my friend after shopping in the Rittenhouse area. We got the Korean Fried Chicken, Tacos, and Burger. The tacos were the best, the burger next, and the Korean Fried Chicken was good but not amazing. I don't have much comments on the tacos and burger other than that they were good, tender meat, and very flavorful. I loved the gochujang-ketchup sauce given for the fries (included side to the burger). For the Korean Fried Chicken we tried both the spicy and soy; I love spicy food but think the soy had slightly more depth of flavor. We agreed that we actually slightly prefer the trashiness of BonChon Korean Fried Chicken (and their spicy wings are spicier!), so if you're a big fan of BonChon, I'm not certain you'd enjoy the KFC they have here--but try for yourself and see!
In the future, I think we would order just the Tacos and Burger between us, which would be a very reasonable price and leave us feeling comfortably full. Overall a really nice experience, appealing interior and attentive service, and I plan to return :)Decor is classy and trendy. Staff is attentive and kind. Can't skip items on the small plate menu are the Korean fried chicken and the shrimp and pork dumplings. You will crave the fried chicken for weeks. The bibimbap rice bowls are flavorful and the portion size is generous. Haven't tried any of their large plates yet but I'm sure they are just as excellent!I enjoyed my dinner at Southgate, but definitely felt like they skimped on the Korean flavor. Tried the KFC wings (both flavors), they had a delicious crunch but definitely not spicy. Same with the spicy fries. You can see they dusted it with something but the taste does not translate. The dolsot bibimbap was ok. Nothing particularly great to justify the $17 price tag. Service from the kitchen was very slow, long wait after our wings. The waiter and bartender were both great. And we enjoyed our cocktails, which were well crafted and delicious.Amazing food and good value for what you pay for. Very decent amount of food, I have leftovers for both of my two visits here. The dolsot bibimbap is really good. Perfect ambience for conversations, it's not too loud and the music is on point. Definitely will come back to try more dishes!~Came here last Friday around 8ish with one other friend --we were both excited that finally a Korean place opened up in downtown Philly again. Food/drink selection wasn't as expected. Where's the pajeon and ddeokbokki?? No makgeolli either and the soju is muddled in a fancy cocktail priced at $12 (with that price I could buy 3 bottles of plain soju a few blocks down at Wine and Spirits!) I guess I was hoping too much that it would be a like Hongdae bar. The location of the bar should have been a dead give away that it would be catering to a different crowd and taste. Actually it's my fault for not reading articles regarding this place beforehand--they did say it was going to offer "Korean inspired flavors". Oh, so you are one of those places that add kimchi to food and call it Korean.
I'd probably come back for the wings and sweet potato fritters on a late Sunday night when it's not so noisy. Defintely not going to have the bulgogi burger or spicy pulled pork sandwich again because they were just ehhh. Our bill was about $100 for two people.....geesus we could've gotten 4 large orders of chicken from BonChon or Soho *smacks forehead*........I went to Southgate for dinner after hearing from friends to try them out.  It's kinda cramped space and the stairs to the bathroom is pretty steep.  Not a huge issue, really, unless you are handicapped.  
I had the bulgogi burger for my dinner.  The burger was good, the fries on the other hand were soft and tasted like they were undercooked and from an oven.  I'll probably go back for the fried chicken, but the lame fries does make the experience a little bad.I have rated this 3 stars, but if Yelped allowed it, I would probably rate it 3.5 stars.
Came here on a random Saturday at around 6pm, there was no wait and we were seated right away, however, about 30 minutes later there was a slight wait. Seating was a little tight, but that's probably due to the fact that it's a pretty small space. They also have seating outside but it was pretty warm that day.
Onto the food, we ordered the coconut and cardamom infused soju, the  "KFC" wings, fried rice, the poke bowl (can't remember the name), the bibimbop, and the matcha fruit tart.
I liked all the food, it was freshly made, however, it didn't wow me. The Soju tasted more like cardamom than coconut but it was pretty strong. The wings were good, but I think I'm one of those rare people who are not impressed with Korean fried chicken wings (don't hurt me, I like buffalo wings). My favorite part of the meal was the fried rice it had sausage, kimchi and all that good umami flavor. The poke bowl was just ok, the flavor was good, but it had very little fish. And my dinner partner had the bibimbop which I did not try but he enjoyed it. The matcha fruit tart was quite good and a nice detour from the usual fruit tarts.
I would definitely return, but it's not a place that I crave.In terms of service the place was great, but the food was just meh. The wings weren't great, it  wasn't on the level of Soho's chicken or even bonchon a chain. The lamb buns were OK, I was really disappointed in the burger. I guess when it comes to a burger I'm more a purist. To me this burger was more like seared meatloaf with a Korean flare. I just wasn't a fanMaybe it's because I am a frequent diner of Korean cuisine, but all this place seemed like to me was overpriced Korean fusion food in a "hip" setting. Honestly, if you don't eat Korean food EVER then this place will be AMAZING to you. The place is clean and sleek, the chicken wings are bomb, and bibimbap is not an item that is easily accessible in center city. But if you are like me and regularly eat Korean food, $2 per wing, $3 for fermented cabbage that usually comes free, and ~$15 for a bowl of rice and veggies in a stone bowl are just not worth it.
On the plus side, at least this place is helping Korean food become more mainstream.I only knew about Southgate from a video about their brunch menu and how they make delicious korean fusion dishes. Typically I'm hesitant when trying korean fusion dishes as I often feel like the flavors aren't handled properly when trying to americanize or change traditional korean foods (or maybe I'm just a korean food snob? or both??) but I must say... I loved my experience at Southgate this past weekend! 
I started brunch off with their kimchi blood mary, which was spicy! I was actually very happy with the spice level but also how they use kimchi to elevate the bloody mary. I didn't think it was too overwhelming which was what I was embracing for. I enjoyed the spicy house-made soju shot that it was paired with as well. It was like a nice little cool down break from the kimchi Bloody Mary :)
My friends and I decided to do tapas style for brunch so we could taste as many things as possible. Best idea ever! We started with the kimchi deviled eggs which were tasty. Again, I am pleased that they were able to subtly infused the kimchi within the dish, which wasn't overwhelming or overbearing by any means. But it also wasn't just adding kimchi on top of a traditional deviled egg. I believe they blended the kimchi and some sesame oil in the egg mixture which really just made the mixture smooth with a hint of sweet and spicy. They had four pieces so it's easy to share.
For our entrees, we ordered the kimchi poutine, short rib and korean fried chicken (KFC) and green tea waffles. It is hard for me to choose one clear favorite, mostly because I thoroughly enjoyed each dish. The kimchi poutine was delicious and I loved that the fries and cheese on the stone bowl continued to cook and get crispy even at our table. They don't have any gravy on this dish (like traditional poutine), but it works out very well. Very easy to share. The KFC and green tea waffles were a huge surprise to me. I wasn't expecting to enjoy the waffles that much, mostly because I wasn't too sure about green tea waffles... but it was very good! And paired with super crispy KFC was like icing on the cake. I wish the chicken was spicy though, that would have definitely put it over the top for me and been a favorite. Lastly, the short rib dish was good though it doesn't stick out as much as the other two. My friends really enjoyed the short rib itself, but I was under the impression it was suppose to be like galbi so that let me down a bit--still good but just not what I had been expecting. The short rib was placed in a huge bowl with rice, two eggs and jalapeños. The nice surprise was the sweet soy sauce at the bottom of the bowl, where the rice was soaking it up--it really brought the dish together.
Overall, Southgate is a wonderful place to experiment with Korean fusion dishes. One of my friends had never had korean food before and really enjoyed our dining experience here. I like that they offer a variety of things outside what you'd expect. I will most definitely come back here for brunch the next time I'm in Center City! Especially for the spicy kimchi Bloody Mary :)Great little spot, tasty happy hour menu, good tunes, nice beer list...enjoy! We stopped by for a Friday happy hour and it was pretty quiet. If you're looking for a place to catch ur breath after a long week this space t should do the trick.Fantastic! Sorry glad we were able to find a table right away! They made me a vegetarian bowl which was flavorful ! The drinks were delicious as well.Went for the soft opening at a time that eventually will be their happy hour. It wasn't up and running yet, but I assume that now that they have "hard opened?" that the happy hour is in full swing. We sat at the bar and I tasted most of the cocktails between what I ordered and what my ladies were having. Overall the cocktails were good, but I did feel like they were a little heavy on the ice since we went through them quicker than usual, but maybe we were just VERY thirsty. The bartender was lovely and attentive and happy to sell us more slightly overpriced drinks.
We tried the Korean fried chicken wings, which were delicious and way overshadowed the potato fritter/dumpling thing we also got. The vibe is clean and modern, but also dark and intimate. They fit seating in practically every square inch of the place, which is probably a good thing, since it was pretty crowded even at the soft opening. I LOVED the wallpaper in the bathrooms. The whole renovation is a far cry from old Tangier, but I have to say I do miss the headless camel in the window. I'll get over it I guess...and I'll be back for more Korean fried chicken wings.Great time! I loved eating the Asian fusion dinner. I had the hot pot, which is their most popular dish. I enjoyed it a lot and took home leftovers! You have to mix it (Which the staff will echo) since it comes as a layered sort of dish. We sat outside and were comfortable and our waiter came to check on us. There wasn't much outdoor lighting, which I was surprised about, so we're glad we didn't come later. The food came hot (obviously) and was a delicious traditional meal! Also, the bathrooms were pretty clean too. Unisex single-stall bathrooms. I will be coming back!Regardless of what Craig LaBrian writes this is a excellent, fun restuarant with great imaginative food and a welcoming staff, and not noticeably noisy.  Definitely go and order the fried which is plenty spicy.  We might see you there as we will be back.Delicious food and drinks and cozy atmosphere. Our party of 2 came around 8:00 on a Friday night and were seated at the bar right away. Steamed buns were amazing, flavorful and the meat melted away as soon as I took a bite. The bibimbap was also delicious.The food here is pretty good. It is not quite 5 stars worthy, but everything is high quality and fresh and flavored well. The chicken wings and the dolsot bibimbap bowl were both delicious. It is a smaller place and has a very nice ambience. It seems like a great date spot. Prices are reasonable for what you get. I would definitely return here for some more Korean fusionNot authentic Korean. I ordered the Hwe Dup Bap - Sashimi yesterday and it was a bit basic. The fish was not plentiful but tasted ok. Unfortunately my stomach started convulsing after 10-15 minutes of eating this. It got really messy and I passed out on the bathroom floor in cold sweat for an hour. This happened only one other time for Philly restaurants and that place (Pho-ladelphia) was closed for sanitary reasons. Not saying this place wasn't fresh but just sayin'... mighty Fishy! Two stars instead of one since I'm giving Southgate the benefit of the doubt but I have no doubt in my mind I suffered food poisoning.One of my favorite spots in the city! I think I've tried everything on the menu.
Definitely get the Korean Fried Chicken! Other favorites are the kale salad, BBQ beef tacos, fish and chips, bulgogi burger, and the chicken katsu. While you're there, make sure you grab a shot of soju and a pour of pumpking beer!Came for brunch at this place! I was not disappointed. The food here is an amazing Korean fusion so be prepared for that. The restaurant itself is nestled on a street corner and has about 15 tables on the inside. They do take reservations so be sure to put one in if you want to get a table. The waiter was very nice and since it was a Jordan fusion restaurant he was able to explain and walk us through the menu. For my meal I went the Asian burger. The burger was great and it came with a spicey ketchup which was really good. My friends got the bibimbop which I was so jealous that I did not get. If you come here you must get the bibimbop! The food was cooked perfectly and the beef was juicy and spicey! Oh also be sure to get a few pitchers of sangria with your meal. The sangria was great and fruity!Awesome fried chicken wings, great burger and really tasty bibimbap (with tofu). I give the food 4.5 stars but bumped the rating to 5 stars due to service.Quite good bibimbop dolsot. Maybe could be a little spicier. Liked the portion sizes. I've been twice - it gets really busy at peak times so visit during non peak timesFood was ok- fritters were VERY bland. Really no reason to be charging $12 for a cocktail in this setting. It's trying to be too many things. Service was cordialGet the Korean fried chicken, spicy. Done.
Okay, I'll also say that the bibimbap in the stone bowl is great. Good flavor and crisped rice: spot on! And the revamping of the shrimp-and-pork dumplings works well (my first experience with them underwhelmed, but the second had a better sauce pairing).
Sorry to say, I was disappointed by the bulgogi burger, which I tried for the first time the day SouthGate won Best Burger 2016, expecting to be blown away. It was practically raw in the middle, and though the flavor was good, it was subdued and didn't have the wow factor expected because of the title!
Love the feel of the space. First visit was early evening on a Friday: had great service and nice timing with the kitchen. Second visit was late evening on a Wednesday, and the kitchen was dragging. Not sure why the difference.
Will definitely return for the fried chicken and if someone else orders it, I'll give a second taste to the burger.we are very excited to have this restaurant on our block. 100% better than Tangier and a good option over La Baia on the other end of Lombard. i have enjoyed their food a lot and have seen some significant improvements from our first visit a moth or so ago. Our only issue is with their reservation / seating process. Twice we have made reservations and when we arrived we were only offered the table near the door even though many other tables were open. Last Saturday night same thing. We wanted a table away fro the door as it was chilly outside. We were told the other 4 top was reserved for a party of 6. No worries. So we eat dinner and the other table sat empty. Not until we were paying the bill did they seat a  table of 4 at that table. Not a 6 top...a 4 top.... So when the owners are peering out the window on a cold January night wondering where all there business is, I will be across Lombard Street peering out my window thinking how great it would be to have dinner at SouthGate...except I won't go because I know I will get the freezing table by the door. Please don't piss of the neighbors...I would come back here, yeah. Our server was kind and personable, and I loved sitting outside on 18th street. The food was good, and there are happy hour specials to enjoy from 5-6:30. 
I would come back here, yeah, but I wouldn't order the hot stone bi bim bap (rice, veggies, a few strips of beef, $17) or a draft beer (10 oz of Grapefruit Sculpin IPA, $7) because I felt seriously ripped off. After tax and tip, that's $31 for BI BIM BAP AND A 10 OZ IPA.
Oof.I'm a huge fan of Southgate! This Korean fusion gastropub expertly mixes traditional Korean flavors in accessible American mediums. After going3 for happy hour, drinks, and dinner multiple times I decided to have my birthday here. The staff made it a wonderful night. Lisa and Juan at the bar are among the friendliest not to mention skilled bartenders out there whose signature drinks (especially the hot toddy) are delicious and beautifully presented. Our waitress, Lyndsie was very attentive and made us feel at home. 
While the drinks here are phenomenal, the real treat is the food. No trip to Southgate is complete without indulging in the Korean Fried Chicken, the double fried, crispy perfection topped off with either a soy garlic (my favorite) or spicy gochujang sauce. The chicken katsu is another favorite of mine. This tender, breaded chicken is topped with a Korean bbq type sauce served with a side of rice and a little cabbage salad. I love this dish for the variety of flavor and the portion is huge!
I tried the bibimbap for the first time during my birthday dinner, choosing the hot stone pot option which I highly recommend!  While the presentation of this dish is marvelous, its encouraged that you mix it up before eating. The contents of your bowl continue to cook while you eat and the rice gets nice and crispy. The beef served with this dish was tender and flavorful and the spicy sauce was a perfect way to top it all off.
Overall I recommend Southgate very highly. This is a great place to grab some drinks, snacks or a full meal. My mouth is watering just writing this.The wings are excellent!
The prices will kill you.
The wings are very Bonchon-esque and worth every penny, but other things on the menu are way overpriced for South St. They're charging Rittenhouse prices for upscale bar food. Like the tofu tacos - tofu and some mayonnaise for $12? The drinks are good, but they're nearly Franklin Mortgage prices for small, above average cocktails. 
Definitely worth a try, but two apps and three drinks set us back almost $75 with tip, so it's just not a place we can really frequent. Definitely stop by for the wings though.We were so excited to try Southgate, and I'm glad we finally did! I'll admit I was a bit hesitant because I was very sad to see Tangier go. However, I had heard great things about Southgate so I decided to give it a whirl. We got the KFC wings as a starter, a mix of both flavors, and loved them! Highly recommended. As a main dish I had the burger - just voted Best of Philly - and while it wasn't the best I've ever had, it was pretty awesome. They have a good drink list, prices are relatively cheap and the service was good.I came here with misguided expectations, and that's not the restaurant's fault - everyone in here was happy and having a great time. The service was warm, kind, and attentive. I should have known when I walked in to The Black Keys and an extensive cocktail list I wasn't going to get the kind of food I wanted, and that's on me. Lol. But, sharing in case you're a Korean food fan!
Korean is my favorite cuisine to go out and eat. I've yet to find any Korean food here in Philly that compares to the yummy little Korean spots in Cherry Hill. I was hoping Southgate would be my new sorta-pricey-but-worth-it Korean spot!
I was disappointed to see no nengmyun, soon dubu, kimchi jigae, etc - just japchae and basic dolsots. 
I ordered japchae, my fella had a dolsot. For my pallette, it was by far the worst japchae I've ever had - the mushroom sauce was overpoweringly strong, the beef was little hunks of steak instead of shredded stew meat, there was so much oil in it I could hardly eat it. You can't go wrong with a dolsot of course and my partner enjoyed his meal. Their kimchi didn't rank for me, either.