Delicious. So happy I Yelped for a restaurant closer to home and stumbled upon this. It's small and pleasant inside with some decent hip hop setting the mood. The menu is small, but packed a punch. We ordered the Duck Fries, which were heaven. Fries smothered in smoked gouda,  shredded duck, and scallions. For 8 bucks came a pretty large bowl that I couldn't stop picking at. I ordered one of the specials, the scallop and foie gras  tacos...wow...so good (then I read the origin of foie gras and hated myself, but aside that...). The person I was with ordered the pork roll burger, which I tried of course. It was incredibly juicy and cooked perfect. I will definitely come back here. Definitely.Quack & Cheese is where it is at! We were there for the lunch menu. The duck fries are so delicious. It was my first time there & I ordered the portabello burger. They didn't have the right mushrooms & asked if a substitute was ok. I said sure. But I couldn't eat it. I asked for some kind of sauce & instead they let me order something else. That was so nice. I don't usually complain about anything. I felt like they really catered to our whole party. I would definitely love to come back for a date night.Where do I start. I ordered food to go it was my first time here so I ordered the Blue Jawn  burger no lie  I vomited we had to hurry up and pull over. I ordered the general tso chicken tacos not good and the sauce was too sweet. They were using bare hands to prepare the food which was already a turn off. The place is small and tight everything is everywhere. My 3 year old daughter brung me spray bottles I guess they had in her sight. The Mac and cheese were like baby elbow and partially hard . Looks are very deceiving, everything looks good but I wasn't happy.My baby didn't even like her Mac and she love Mac and cheese and my son love General tso chicken but not this one. I will not be returning ever. The prices were very high too.The food was being prepared or put together after food was cooked at least when a pizza goes in the oven  and bake it kills the germs.You'll do everything bare hands before cook and after and I have the pic of that too I can post it. No sarcasm needed. Thank you Nick. No everything wasn't as quack up to beIf you were able to give it more than 6 stars, I would. The first exposure to the duck I had was at the beer and bacon festival where they had their tomato soup with garlic pulverized bacon. It was so good they ran out about half way through the festival. 
Last night was my first time at the actual restaurant. It was a large group so in total I tried the blue duck fries, general tso's wings, the pork roll burger, house blend burger, quack and cheese and classic Mac. If you have a large group make sure they want to share because you're going to want to try everything. It's all amazing and will make you want to come back the next day. Looking forward to trying the brunch menu.
The managers also stopped by our table since it was my friends birthday. They made sure everything was perfect and I was really impressed with the staff.Love this place! I stopped in for brunch on Saturday and had a fantastic experience. Our server, Steph, was phenomenal. She went over specials of the day and ensured that we had a great meal. We started with the Blue Duck fries. They were PHENOMENAL! Definitely get them on every visit. I had the duck benedict and my friend had the chicken and waffles. Both were good. The chicken was nice and crispy but could have used more seasoning. The waffle was fluffy and delicious. The duck breast was tasty and went well with the cherry siracha sauce but I didn't like how the sauce tasted with the rest of the dish. It was taken off of our bill without me asking although they prepared it properly, it simply wasn't to my taste. Overall we had a great experience here. I def recommend it. 
(Oh and it's BYOB. Wish I had known to bring a bottle)(to the tune of "The Mack" by Nevada feat Mark Morrison and Fetty Wap)
Yelpers tried to tell me so (yes they did)
But I didn't wanna go
"Gotta car?" gotta say no.
But my mouth wanted to know.
Yeah, I felt it from the start.
From my tummy to my heart
When my sister was in town
We were headed to chow down.
No lies to me 
(All those reviews weren't kidding)
No lies to me
Oh my god baby...
Take a bite!
Blue Duck, it's like Quack (once again)
Blue Duck, it's like Quack (top of the charts)
Blue Duck, it's like Quack (gotta go)
You know that I'll be back....
Blue Duck, it's like Quack.
Wow. Worth the trip is an understatement. While the schlep was a bit out of my usual trip for eats, my baby sister is all about that burger, and we'd heard only the best. We went later in the day, around 2pm, but service was still incredibly slow (frustrating because there weren't a ton of folks inside, but maybe they were recovering?) This resulted in us getting our duck fat cheese fries WAY before our burgers. We TRIED  to wait for the burgers, but our stomachs rumbling drowned out that idea. The mac and cheese, the cheese fries, the burger.... Every bite was perfect. I only wish that the food came out all at once like we asked. Oh well....
The Beast of Northeast (Philly) [wild boar and beef patty, smoked gouda, sweet tomato jam, crispy sriracha onions, and bacon on brioche] was insane and, IMHO, tastier than her pork roll burger, but that pork roll was sizzled to perfection. 
I'll be back for the Quack and Cheese, next time a buddy with a car is feeling adventurous. Hopefully they can speed up the service a bit, don't want all that gouda sauce getting cold!Ever since I started working in the area a little over a year ago I dropped in to The Blue Duck for lunch and it quickly became a favorite. 
The quack and cheese, duck fries, and anything off the brunch menu on Sunday's are out of this world. Dinner entrees are exceptional all reasonably priced for the quality of food. 
I've never had a bad experience here. Great service and great atmosphere. 
I try to make it in for one meal a month and if you've got the time you should too.The Blue Duck is located in this very small plaza filled with very bland store signs, but don't let the outside appearance fool you. Inside is very cozy, clean, and nicely decorated.
The staff is always friendly and attentive, and the food is pretttty good. Their duck fries are amazzzzing and the portion is huge! I can never finish an order with my girlfriend and it sucks that it doesn't taste half as good when heated up later. The burger here is really big and unique, but I feel that the meat blend can be a bit better as it seems a bit tough. The brunch menu here is a lot cooler than the normally offered lunch menu (the duck fries are still offered!), and would much rather come for when they are offering brunch.The food was yummilicious!   The fries could have had alittle more shredded duck,  but the overall flavor was spot on.  Duck Fat! 
The Tso  wings writer the wasabi blue cheese dipping sauce was wonderful... not too spicy which was  perfect for me. 
One complaint... . our waiter was packing our food and instead of using a utensil he used his fingers.... I was not happy about this... and will pack my own food moving forward. 
So that means I'm going back!It's nice to have a decent culinary option in NE, but I hear folks talking about this place like it is the second coming of Christ!
The duck fries were some of best fries I've ever had.  Get them, won't disappoint. The duck sandwich and pork roll burger were both bland and barely mediocre. Salads were grossly overdressed.   
I'd try it again if I were in the NE.I FINALLY got around to trying The Blue Duck Tavern. My friend and I tried the blue duck fries to start with which were great! They were covered in a Gouda sauce (which was very gooda!) and shredded duck meat. For my entree I had the Blue Jawn Burger which was covered in caramelized onion and blue cheese. I thought it was great, but a little overcooked. The onions were cooked perfectly and there was an excellent balance of blue cheese as well! The meat itself was excellent though! My friend had the fried chicken sandwich which she said was very good although it was a little sloppy because the coleslaw kind of got everywhere. I definitely would go back!I chose this restaurant for brunch with my boyfriend, based on the fact that I wanted eggs benedict. The Yelp reviews were pretty positive, so I figured we'd give it a go. Most of the reviewers are correct. This food is FANTASTIC and made with high quality ingredients.
Given that we were going the Sunday before Memorial Day, I called ahead to make sure they had some availability. The hostess told me we'd have a table for 1pm, and we arrived a little early. Another couple also had a table for 2 for 1pm, but due to a clerical error, they could only seat one of us. We gave it to the other couple. This ended up being a pattern for their other patrons who presumably arrived on time and had to wait. This is a pretty bad error considering how much it happened, but given the rest of the experience, I can't deduct a star over something like this. Just be aware that it happens. They were very busy that day, so it took a while for us to get served, but again, not enough of an issue to deduct a star.
My boyfriend and I enjoyed the quaint environment and bright colours of the place. It had the same feel as Pop Shop, a grilled cheese place in Collingswood, NJ. It was very cozy, well lit, and country style, what with the counter you can eat at.
We split an order of blue duck fries to start, and they came in a mountainous pile in a large white bowl. Gouda was melted over them with a healthy portion of green onions, as well as some juicy pulled duck meat. Honestly, our meal could have ended there. We were so pleased with them and devoured them in silence- a sure sign of amazing food.
Since both of us came in wanting eggs benedict, we ordered it. Duck benedict with a perfectly poached egg, topped with more green onion and a SRIRACHA HOLLANDAISE. Yes, you read that. Expecting the usual overly hyped sriracha dish, we were proven wrong when the perfectly textured sauce had a nice sweet finish to it, as true to hollandaise. The bread the benedict was placed on tasted like nothing less than homemade bread (could be wrong, but it was fresh and fantastic). The duck on these eggs was probably 3/4in thick- it was extremely juicy and was a very generous, flavourful cut. Nothing in the duck benedict overpowered anything else. All fantastic flavours were appreciated and identifiable. 
All in all, service was meh, but the brunch food 100% overshadows any issue we had with the service. A warning, though, the brunch menu is not very extensive. The choices, however, are very diverse in flavour and taste. Do not pass up this gem.Just walked out of this place.  When we got there the wait staff was all outside and we were the first people in there restaurant. We sat down they gave us water and then never came back. We waited 20 minutes again we were the only people here and NO ONE came and even asked us if we wanted a drink. We finally left without ordering after waiting the 20 minutes only to have a couple walk in sit down and have a waitress come up and start taking their order. Horrible service. This was our first time here and I wouldn't come back. @Nick from the blue duck  if you are at work now then you were one of the people who did this and yes it's unacceptable.The food here is very good, little over priced for being in a strip mall and having no real ambiance but the food reminds me of  restaurants  in Center City, so I keep going back! Would definitely recommend!Went there on a reservation through Open table. Everything went smooth. I had the chicken rice soup along with the Wild boar meatloaf, mashed potatoes and asparagus. Asparagus were too big, but tasty. Also had a side of brussel sprouts that were excellent! Wife had the grilled chicken. Food and service was very good. BYOB    Just a little noisy. Would recommend.Best food in Northeast...amazing daily specials...love the Cuban pork egg rolls...try something different every time!Had the Spring onion soup. Could not eat it. 
Much too salty. Much too spicy hot and I like hot. The General Tso's wings were ok but too much sauce- drenched in sauce. My husband had the pulled mushroom sandwich. Funny taste. Guess we will not be back.  Noise level very very loud too. Sorry to have to write this because we like to patronize local places. They are very busy so I guess we are of a minority opinionRecently found this very cool brunch spot on the web which is only 5 mins away from home.. Been there twice already and it instantly became my number 1 go-to spot when we crave for American style breakfast with a lil bit twist of Asian-inspiring fusion. The uniqueness and creativeness of their food selection on the menu makes this restaurant stand out among the others. Reasonable prices ,Very friendly staff with relaxing atmosphere. I take off one star because they only offer brunch specials on weekend.Wow! What to say? The selection is so unique and absolutely delectable! The menu is so different than most places but one-of-a-kind! We've gone several times and every time has been a great experience from food to service. Space is a little tight but very sweet lighting and fairly intimate. We'll be back for sure!Another hidden gem in a strip mall of all places, in NE Philly. Cute little place with clean open decor, with a  smell that hits you when you first walk in, that can only be described as heaven. Friendly helpful wait staff and the food was beyond  delicious. Highly recommend a trip to NE philly for brunch. Kudos  go out to the Judge boys who own the Blue Duck, we will definitely be back.For the price, quality of the food, and the great staff and the chef/owner Kris Serviss you will be hard pressed to find another place like this. For those of you that don't know, earlier this year Serviss was named in Zagat's 30 under 30 for Philadelphia which is a really cool honor. He is definitely showcasing his talents at Blue Duck. We went on a Thursday night thinking around 6:30 pm thinking that we would beat the rush, we were wrong. We didn't make a reservation so we ended up waiting for a table for about 15 minutes. The whole time we were there people were waiting so it might be best to make a reservation in the future. After eating here I am can see why it's so busy, the food is outstanding and pretty much everything that can be made in house is from the burgers, the pasta, to the turkey meatballs. We went a little crazy on the food size and took some leftovers home but we started off with the grilled caesar salad which was awesome, especially the cornbread croutons. We also did the General Tso's wings which were huge and a full order is 12 for $11 and it comes with wasabi blue cheese which is awesome. For dinner we did the special pasta of the day which came with turkey meatballs, the pasta was awesome and you can definitely tell it's fresh and housemade and the same with the meatballs, they were crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside. We also got the Pork Roll burger which is the one that won Serviss the Philly Burger competition and man it's awesome, some serious pork flavor there and the special sauce is great as well. Also got some Blue Duck Fries which are just gluttonous and amazing, fries tossed in duck fat, topped with confit duck, and then topped again with cheese sauce. We did somehow manage to save enough room for dessert which was cheesecake that came in a little jar. It was awesome as well, not overly heavy and rich, it was the perfect way to end the meal. So I have to say this place is a winner and I wish it was closer and I would recommend to anyone, but in the future we will be making reservations, at the counter, so we can hang with Serviss while he's cooking.This is a neighborhood spot, super laid back with tasty food. The service was great, it's BYOB and I must warn you it's tiny so reservations are a must. The only negative was the wait time at dinner. I went here for lunch and the food came out in a timely fashion, at lunch they only serve sandwiches and salads, stuff like that.  I also went for dinner, the menu was more diverse around this time but it took kinda long between courses for food to come out. They were so nice and the fried chicken was so good, I didn't care about the wait once it came. The music choice at dinner was surprising, it was candlelit and suburban inside yet they played lots of rap music which is cool if you enjoy rap. I was just surprised because I was hoping for easy listening type music with my dinner. Now at lunch time it's much more casual so the music choice would have made more sense during this service.We called to see if a reservation was needed for a late lunch in Saturday. We were told we should be fine and, in fact, there were a few tables open when we arrived around 4pm.  Initially we stood at the host/hostess area for a bit without being acknowledged even though the servers and host(s) looked our way a few times. Eventually we took silverware and menus and sat ourselves.  Clearly reservations are necessary because a family of 4 arrived after us who had reservations and were promptly seated and served drinks before anyone even acknowledged our presence. We finally caught the attention of the host and asked for a waitress.  
Once we engaged with our waitress, who was sweet and attentive, everything was great. Our drinks were served immediately followed by orders and soon after, our meal.  The ducks fries were AMAZING! Perfectly seasoned with tender duck and smooth, creamy cheese sauce. My husband had the pork roll burger. I think you may need to go to confession after eating this- it's so good, you feel like you did something dirty!  I had the fried chicken sandwich. Tender and delicious with perfect purple cabbage cole slaw and yummy pickles. 
I'm sure the hosting issue was just a little glitch and not at all reflective of the attitude of this restaurant. All of the workers were friendly and constantly approaching customers to see if everything was ok or if they needed anything. We were thanked twice for coming in.  The prices were incredibly reasonable considering the quality of the food. We'll definitely go back to try the Mac n' cheese ( which looked just as sinful as the pork roll burger) Maybe we'll try Sunday brunch too, if we can get a reservation!I really wanted to love this place since quite a few of my friends just visited it over the past week, and last night we wanted to see what the hype was all about. Unfortunately we were left underwhelmed. The food was ok/good. We had the general tso's wings which were good, and then the burgers with salt/pepper fries which were just ok. The burger had no flavor except meat (no salt or pepper) and a tiny little piece of tomato which covered a quarter of the burger and still had the green top part visible, and the salt/pepper fries were highly lacking flavor as well as being crisp. The waiter however was very sweet and helpful. 
What really ruined the whole experience was right in the beginning, before we even tried the food...we were seated at a table for two which was open near the wall (nice and private). There was another 2 seat table that was in a very congested area and right on top of another table and we asked the hostess if we can sit at the more private one, she said no problem. If we couldn't sit there we would have asked to wait until another table opened up, we weren't in a rush.  After we ordered and received drinks, and after we put the food order in, I was finally getting comfortable, since I am pretty pregnant and getting comfortable is a challenge any time we go out (which has been minimal lately) and also we drove 35 mins from Langhorne to get there. All of the sudden a man came over, didn't introduce himself, and very awkwardly asked us if we can move to the other table (the one that was in a congested area and on top of another table). I was completely floored since I have worked many years in the restaurant business and know that once you seat a customer, unless for emergency purposes, you never ask them to move, especially to a shittier table and because you want to seat other people at their table. They wanted to take our current table and combine it with another one once the people next to us left and seat other people that were waiting to get seated. I first expressed how we didn't want to move and definitely didn't want the worse table, however the man (who I believe was Nick the manager according to the website) started making me feel bad about not moving, so I said ok I guess we will move - at that point he said no that's ok you don't have to move, we'll figure something out (this was said in a rather judging and condescending tone). We stayed in our seats, however the mood was fully ruined. I would also like to mention that within 10 minutes there were about 5 empty tables....2 for parties of 4/5 and a bunch of two's. 
Besides the food, the way we were made to feel left a much bigger impression on us. Unfortunately we will not be returning for that reasons alone, although I was hoping to try more of their food at a later date since I was supposed to come back this weekend with girl friends for brunch. I really hope that other customers won't get treated like that, especially in front of other customers.Went for lunch and tried the duck mac n cheese n the duck fries along w a salad. Everything was awesome!  Fries are addicting ..ive bn craving them ever since!  One point  it was 340 pm and we asked our server if they had desserts. she replied yes but not until 4pm.  Never turn down a customer because of 20minutes..they lost out on at least another 10$ on bill.  Besides that one quirk I would say if your not there right now eating you should be!A coworker recommended this place. I went with my wife for our dinner and we both got some kind of burger. I myself was ok with the food but it was kind of pricey. My wife didn't really like anything on the menu but then again, we just went without looking at the menu, so the restaurant is not to be blamed. The service was great, and so was the setting. Overall a pleasant experience.Pork roll burger is great (a tiny bit less salt would make it outstanding).
Duck fries are good but a thicker fry would make me happier.
Not even remotely a fan of chorizo or quack n cheese although my daughter is. 
The fried cauliflower is fantastic and i would go JUST for that. 
Gen tsos wings are just "ok" in my opinion. 
Chicken salad was fresh but sparse which was a little irksome as i love chicken salad.
Tomato soup is divine and I'm not a tomato soup kind of gal, so that's saying a lot.
The blue forager burger was ok, my socks stayed firmly in place. 
There are so many more things to try and i will return to see what makes my toes tap!
The atmosphere is homey, the noise level can be deafening so i look forward to them eventually expanding and with more space, less noise perhaps? The beats are decent, which helps!
I'd like to see a little more owner interaction.. These are local guys who really should try mingling a bit more with their customers, especially since they are getting lots of talk-up from their patrons. Just a thought.
Wait staff has always been efficient and courteous. The place gets high marks for cleanliness!The blue duck is one of my favorite brunch places in the area. You can't ever go wrong with the blue duck fries. Their stocks french toast is very good and they always have something on special that I end up getting. I highly recommend The Blue Duck for brunchThe Burger itself is as close to 5 stars as you can get.  If you could give 4.5 stars I would, but I can't go quite that far so I had to drop it to 4.  Taking into account the whole experience, there were a few things that made me give it a 4 though.  Let's start with the burger.  I had the basic burger.  It was very good and among the better ones I've had in and around the Philly area.  I was a bit disappointed when I asked what kind of cheese they put on it.  The server responded with American or Cheddar.  Now, to be a top burger, I believe you have to step outside the traditional cheese box and go with something a bit more exotic.  Having the standards is fine with me, but I like to see a gruyere or goat cheese option.  I bit into the burger and it oozed out plenty of juices-this is exactly what you want to see in that first bite as you know it's cooked the way it should be.  Along with my burger, I got an 8 oz. bottle of Coke.  Let me say that again-- for my meal, I had to ration myself with a measly 8 ounces of soda.  Lose the bottles of soda and spring for a fountain drink system.  My last gripe was the price of the meal.  The restaurant has servers so, of course, you have to tip.  I didn't get fries with my burger, but if I did, it would have cost $20 for a burger, fries, and 8 oz. soda.  The eatery is in a strip plaza in northeast Philadelphia.  I expect these prices in Center City or in an upper class suburb.This place is awesome, and I really hope it inspires other chefs to try something new in the Northeast.  To start, the Quack and Cheese is the best Mac and cheese I've ever had.  It is perfectly smooth and melty with just the right amount of salt (from the duck), sweet(from the dried cherries), and earthiness (from the mushrooms).  Just awesome.  The Beast of the Northeast burger is damn near perfect.  It's also BYOB, which considerably keeps the price down.  My only criticism is they can sometimes be a little heavy handed on the salt, particularly with entree specials and the pork roll burger.  Otherwise, this place is a real gem in Northeast Philly.Best fries ever!!!! Saved the fiancée with cheesy goodness. Loved everything. The yelloweye was cooked to perfection. The fried chicken was crunchy on the outside and wonderful on the inside. Favorite place in the areaDecent food (but not fantastic) reasonable prices and what you'd expect from the wait staff....but it was so SO loud.
I don't think you should have to shout to have a conversation. Please turn the music down.
All things considered, I give this place a 3 out of 5 -- average to slightly better than average.Exquisite!!!! It is a hidden gem, I am a sales guy and when I looked in this place it very unique and I had to try it, I got the duck fries and the quack and cheese, the best cheese sauce I've ever had, and the duck melts in your mouth, fries were amazing too. Nice staff fast service, great food, great name, great combination! hopefully I'm in the area because I'm def. coming back.Went here yesterday for lunch, and had the Duck Fries which was phenomenal and I'm reminded how delicious it was from the first time I had it. I also got the General Tsaos Chicken Taco, which was good but just a little over fried. Nonetheless, blue duck is overall amazing and I love coming here.My wife and I have been here for dinner in the past so we decided to try their breakfast since we were in the area. Both of us really enjoyed what we got. The service was excellent as always. We had their signature blue duck fries as an app. They were just as good as we remember them being. I will tell you that it's a pretty large portion so it can be filling for two but is probably a great item to split 4 ways. I got the chicken and waffles and my wife got the short rib breakfast quesadillas. Both were excellent.I love duck. I tried the blue duck fries, which are cooked in duck fat and topped with duck confit and Gouda cheese sauce. The confit was a little tough, cubed rather than shredded/pulled. The flavors were awesome though. I also had the blue jawn burger, which is a beef/duck patty with red onion jam, blue cheese, and duck cracklins. It didn't come with a side, but it was a giant patty. Quite good. Ate too much, too fast, which is always a ringing endorsement.Blue duck was so delicious! It was crowded but my service was still nice and genuine and the food not only looked pretty but tasted sooooo good too! A great find in the Northeast for a delicious BYOB!My guy and I were looking for a BYOB and boy did we are great place. We were greeted by a friendly face and was seated immediately.  This place is small but big on flavor.  The duck fries were to die for. My Guy had the steak stir fry and he said it was delicious.  We definitely will be coming backGreat food. The menu changes and it's unique. I'm glad these guys are expanding to center city as well. Duck fries are good and I hate fries in general. Plenty of brunch options. The place is a bit crowded and seating isn't the best. But the food is great so that makes it worth it!I made a reservation to celebrate my boyfriend's 30th birthday.  We had a big group and my boyfriend and I having been there before for dinner were excited to go back for brunch.  Unfortunately, the reservation was somehow canceled and we had to wait for a table.  I was not happy!   We were told 4 different times it would be 20 more minutes of a wait.  I was not happy with how the host was handling the situation and eventually spoke with the manager.  A hour after our reservation we were seated.  We enjoyed our time but I was still very upset.  However, at the end of the meal Nick came to the table to apologize once again and inform me that he comped the whole meal.  I really appreciated the customer service and his/the restaurants ability to show that we as customers mattered.  Everyone in the group ended up enjoying their food and will come back again.  
My one tip to the restaurant is to implement a policy for how long a group can stay after they have paid and finished.  We witnessed a table stay for over an hour and a half after they were finished their meal and paid.  This is not only a huge turn off to people waiting, but also unfair to the servers.  Unfortunately some customers aren't considerate and that's why many other restaurants have policies that stop this.Not only is the food amazing at the restaurant but so are their hearts! I was meeting a friend for brunch and got in an accident on the way there. My friend waited an hour for me and told them I was hit. When I got there, they gave me a bottle opener keychain and said that they couldn't make up for the damage to my car but this was alittle something to help make me feel better. It was so nice!Went here on a Thursday night with my girlfriend food was awesome I love when people take pride in what they do and this place does. Our waitress was very nice I think her name was Brianna and the general manager Nick was very personable and even sent over a free dessert and said sorry for your loss as we just came from a viewing for my buddies mom. That actually blew me away and just shows what kind of people work here it meant a lot we will definitely make this a regular stop!!!The foods really good and reasonably priced but the tables for two are so close together it's uncomfortable also it's byobCute little place.  The only reason I give this a 3 instead of a 2 was how great the waitstaff was and the fact that the duck fries were great.
My wife ordered the quack and cheese...duck and mac-n-cheese. Small portion but over all not bad.  I ordered the fried chicken. I could tell that if it were cooked properly it would have been awesome...simply awesome and I would have given this place 5/5 stars.  
My chicken was burnt and dry but I wasn't sure if that's how it was supposed to taste or not. I finally complained when the $8 piece of cake I ordered was just not good. The lemon curd was ok but the cake itself was blah.  The waitress didn't charge me for the cake so that was good. 
Over all this place has a lot to offer, cool ambiance and the duck fries are worth the trip out there.  We live about an hour and 20 minutes from the place.
We will probably go again but this time I'll send the chicken back if it's dry and burntFood was very good. Service was great. The restaurant though was very small and loud, which is fine, but I was unprepared for it. My dad doesn't have the best ears so unless I yelled, we couldn't really talk the entire time we were there.I tried to like this place. They have good ideas, just very poorly executed. I've made reservations that were ignored. I've tried many menu items. Everything was edible but not much more than that. The food just doesn't make it worthwhile to sit in this strip mall for an hour to wait for a table. Best restaurant in the area? I guess but that's no big accomplishment. All done with this joint!Had a double shot of Duck this weekend. I almost feel naughty about it! 
Last night I intro'd the Hubs to my secret love: fried cauliflower (he loved). Geared him to the duck fries (he loved). He ordered the seafood paella (i tried, tasty.), I took the Zagat "Beast" for a ride. Flavorful burger but my heart belongs to the Pork Roll Burger, still. 
This morning we had a little family brunch, he got the chicken n waffles, the chicken could've used a little more S&P. The bourbon syrup... Well.. Can i bathe in that please? My chorizo quesadilla was delish, a little more heat would rock it. Daughter dearest ordered the duck Benedict.. Also fantastic. 
Can't wait to see what is next! 
Music choice was perfect, found myself singing along to Marvin Gaye. Music was toned down to the perfect level, both last night and this morning. Bravo, Duckers! Bravo!Great food, service was perfect! Nice BYOB in the neighborhood without crazy high pricesBest local spot! I honestly take anyone who is visiting from out of town here for lunch or dinner! There are a few menu favs you have to try! Duck fries and quack and cheese (obviously) and I am a big fan of the wings as well! Most times I am full by the time my dinner comes, so I bring it home for later or spit the meal or sandwich with my boyfriend.  I call ahead and make reservations every time just to be safe bc I would hate to show up and wait bc I am always super excited for their food!  I celebrate every occasion I can here, I love an excuse to visit!!!The food and service was spectacular yet affordable. The Blue Duck menu has the spice and delicious quirks you'd expect in a new University City spot, yet its conveniently located in the Northeast! 
All of the service staff were friendly and on point. I think our waitress could read minds- she knew exactly when to walk over and take our orders. She even brought us go boxes without us needing to ask.  
Two tips: 
Make reservations, but don't be deterred if you forget. We had a 20 min wait for a late dinner. 
Be prepared for a loud restaurant at peak hours. I think they need to do more to absorb noise in the room because this place is kind of small and very noisy when full. Maybe more decor and sound absorbing ceiling tiles?