My favorite happy hour spot. Discovered how amazing all the appetizers are back in summer 2011 center city sips (great time to check out all the different center city happy hour spots). The mac & cheese is great!
They have a great selection of beers on tap and bottles. The food is superb! If you're looking for a private party space, they have a cozy basement space with a personal bar. Only thing is occasionally you'll have some crashers who want to use the ATM and restroom (even though there is one on the second floor and 2 on the 3rd)
Just go! You won't be disappointedWent here the other day with some friends for a bite and a drink. Service was great as where the drinks ;) Will definitely be back!I held my husband's surprise birthday party for about 35 people in the basement bar at Black Sheep. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. From the first call I placed to inquire about hosting the party and spoke with James, the owner, to the night of the party where Adam, our bartender, made sure all went smoothly, everyone I dealt with was fantastic. Overall, a great experience.Hello James, 
I'll stop to eat next trip to Philadelphia - you make it sound welcoming!  Thanks for responding.3 bars on 3 different levels means there's always place to spread out. Different bars on tap and usually friendly waitstaff. The perfect neighborhood bar.
Grab a beer here while you wait for your table at Monk's!Place is great.. food was good and wings are killer. It does get very crowded later in the evening..Black Sheep is a cool place if you like dark bars.  (Which you know I do!)  I have had dinner here and it's good for basics (burgers/chicken fingers.)  It can get pretty crowded since it's not huge, but try the downstairs bar if the main room is packed.This is a small, cozy bar, with, I think, three floors.  I've been here four times, and each time has been a good experience.  The mac n' cheese is amazing.  It's very close to going on that list of foods that I'd want at my last meal.  I had the bangers n' mash the last time I was there, and was extremely happy with them.  The pork sausages were perfectly cooked, and packed with deliciousness.
Service is good, and the only reason I dinged them a star is that their beer selection is really, really small.  They're not putting on airs about being a world class beer bar, but frankly, they're just lacking in this department.  They've got Guinness, and a couple other good beers, but six or seven beers doesn't really cut it, anymore.  Bump up the draught beer list, or get a decent bottle selection, and then I'll bump you guys back up to four stars.Went here last night for the first time.  Service was crazy slow, and to quote-up Zanna "it took a year and a day to get" our food.  I guess we were supposed to "understand" that our server was also the bartender and we were suppose to "know" that because of this service was going to be devastating slow.  But seriously, are you serious?  
Anyways, the server finally came over and she was like, frazzled and all and asked for us to give our order.  We said 'em, she didn't write 'em down, 20 (!!!) minutes later another server came to ask what we had ordered just to "go over our order again."  Is my review just like Zanna's?  Sorry.   
Anyways, food FINALLY CAME OUT.  I was famished.  I was stoked to see that Fish and Chips was a very nice plate of fish and chips.  The fish was a massive fillet that was nice and crisp but not too flavorful (yay for malt vinegar) and the chips were very well seasoned.  Great for $11.  The BF got gazpacho and it was nice and flavorful as well.  I don't like gazpach that much, but his was yummy.  I don't like cold soups.  Ew. 
Anyways, I might be back to explore the other floors.  SERVICE was horrible.  We left her a "You've Been Yelped" card.Despite a recent renovation, the Black Sheep is dingy and dirty and the sloppiest, most unattractive hostess (that is until I saw our waitress) sat us at our table upstairs. Although it was 10 pm on a Wednesday night, she was hesitant about sitting a party of two at a large table. Perhaps she was expecting a sudden stream of late night diners. The waitress was as sloppy and disheveled as the hostess. No makeup, no hairstyle and clothes that looked as though she found them on the street. I ordered something from the menu that did not have goat cheese listed as one of its ingredients, but she argued with me that the menu did have it listed. I showed her the menu and corrected her. She was rude and had a nasty attitude. I guess I would too if I looked like her. It was $30 for a burger, a salad and two Diet Cokes.The staff is arrogant, the place is filthy and the food is perfect for those who don't care about their health or appearance and like to stuff their faces with a bunch of high fat, high cholesterol, high calorie greasy food. No thanks.Honestly for an out of towner looking for a good pub - this is just that. A pub with nice beer and greasy food at decent prices. In the middle of a Saturday afternoon the bar area was 3/4 full or more and lively enough without being packed. Service was attentive, folks were friendly - if you can say that in Philly. I had a couple different beers Yards Pale Ale and Newcastle Summer Blonde Ale then because I ran a 5K earlier in the day in Brooklyn - I felt like some greasy bar food. I had the Cheesesteak Spring Rolls and the Garlic Fries. I my guilty pleasure is Garlic Fries. The fries were a bit different but had plenty of garlic and I must admit - I really liked them. The Spring Rolls were OK - I actually had some better in Manhattan, but no complaints. I didn't eat all of either needless to say, but exactly what I was looking for at 4pm in the afternoon.Really great neighborhood place! Food and drinks are better than expected. It's a laid back place to relax with great and friendly service.My favorite pub in center city. They play awesome music here and the table service is good. The pub food tends to be a little more upscale that most of the others around Philly, but it's pretty damn good food so its worth it. The fries are amazing and are the perfect accompaniment to late night drinking.The drink menu is nothing special, but the filet mignon sliders with fries are delicious. Service is frequent and warm. The atmosphere wasn't my thing, but it was (loudly) buzzing with conversation the whole time, so at least there's a crowd.
I'd probably go here again for a late night snack, but otherwise I'll stay away. There's a $15 minimum to use a card.Warm and cozy.. Blazing fireplace.  Great New Year's Day stop for football and an eclectic crowd.  Old to young.  Straight to gay.  Jeans to topcoats.  Cheap drinks.  Nice microbrews.  What you'd expect from an Irish Pub.  Check out cool bar in basement.  Sexy spot for late night shenanigans. Xoxo.I really liked the layout of this place.  It was kind of like a maze of floors, which was rather neat.  
My experience here was not the best - my main complaint was with the service which was exceedingly slow.  The food was just average & kinda bland, although I have to say the portions were pretty generous.  The price was nothing to complain about at all, but all the same I have little interest in making a repeat visit.Well the food was average bar food, only problem was it took a year & a day to get it. The bartender was also the waitress and she was just too overwhelmed for a full house and a large group. Not a good sign when someone is sent over 20 minutes after the order was initially taken to re-ask what was ordered.
The upstairs decor was cozy & well lit. 
All in all I was not impressed and will probably not wander back.Went  there on Thursday Afternoon about 4PM for a couple drinks...not a huge tap selection, maybe 8, but they use their taps well.  They had a nice selection of newly released Christmas seasonals, I had the Troegs Mad Elf, Anchor Christmas Ale and Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale...a nice way to start off December.  I ordered the Lamb Tacos and they were spectacular and very tasty.  The crowd seemed to be a bunch of regulars and the bar tenders seemed to be very familiar with them, but not to the point where I felt left out...I'd definitely go back, may not be an ideal place for a date, but a terrific place to grab a quick bite and a couple of beers when wandering around center city philadephia.This place gets 5 stars for the macaroni and cheese, 1 star for the fact that our bartender kept leaving the bar for extended periods of time so we couldn't order anything.  Someone actually had to go find an employee to have them send her back up.  This may be the best mac and cheese I've ever had at a restaurant.  And don't be fooled by it being listed as an appetizer, it's big enough for a meal.  Go eat it!  Now!Great food and atmosphere.  The Ruben spring rolls are excellent. Service was very good. Strongly  recommend this as a food stop for night of enjoying irish bars.I'd give the Black Sheep another try. But next time, I'd do it in a group of less than 25 people. We came on a Thursday night, expecting to immediately take over the downstairs section at around 5:30PM. But come to find out, it did not open up until at least 7PM, even later depending on when the bartender got in and got set up.
Our server was as kind as she could be with a whole mess of rowdy professionals on their third beer, wanting to escape her section for the freedom and convenience of the downstairs bar.
Aside from the crowded conditions, and the sometimes surly service, the Black Sheep has plenty to offer from great beers on tap to pub food abounding to entrees straight out of Ireland. I'd been here for dinner before and had a relatively good experience then, so I'm not denying that you can have a great night at the Black Sheep. Just don't show up with 25 of your closest friends at happy hour and expect to find seats. It ain't happening.Decent spot for beers and food. The burger is underwhelming, but some of their British fare will satiate you just fine.
This place certainly won't knock your proverbial socks off, though it is a locale to see and be seen.Solid pub right outside of rittenhouse square. Been once before for drinks but this time came back to test out the food. Ordered the app sampler and filet sliders. Definitely hit the spot. Great flavor on the wings. Quesadilla was really tasty. Wasn't a big fan of the cheesesteak rolls. We also ordered the Mac and cheese. It was delicious - super cheesy and melt in your mouth good. Eat it!I wanted to like the food here. We ordered fish and chips and lamb stew. Let's just say I won't be recommending it. Go there for a pint or two on the main floor but the second floor dining room was a bit of a mess and drafty too.Came here for birthday party down in the basement. Place is nice but very small. Gets packed quickly! Parking sucks. The basement is sweet tho. Feels like your hanging out at your friends basement in high school. The location is their key to their sucess but still your basic pub. The crab cake balls are good because they are lightly battered so it tasted like you  we're in Maryland.I always like the chill ambiance of this pub. It's nestled off on a quieter part of 17th street and you could actually miss the sign if you aren't paying attention. 
I ordered a dirty martini and the seared tuna salad with shaved celery and beets on Bibb lettuce and my friends had the black sheep burger with Gouda and a portabella mushroom... Both were very tasty. In fact my friend said that it was the best burger in the city!Great for Manchester United games! Heard that the local support group for ManU gathered here for the games so we decided we'd check it out. First, it was awesome that they opened up early for the game! I mean who doesn't love brunch and a beer. As we walked in we easily grabbed a table with a great view of the biggest tv. Bartender greeted us with food and drink menus immediately and shortly after that, so did the head of the ManU support group. I ordered the grilled pork roll egg and cheese sandwich and loved every last bite of it!! There weren't really any drink specials for the day so the beer was a bit more than expected, but I've read they do offer great specials during the week. There was an upstairs and a downstairs, that sadly enough, I did not have the experience to check out so I will need to go back again! Definitely a great dive-y bar and especially great for the ManU games. If you are a ManU fan or a soccer fan in general, you must check out Black Sheep Pub during a match!I like Black Sheep. Unfortunately I have negative associations due to hitting the absinthe at Parc a little too hard one night before going and then spent a considerable amount of time in the bathroom. But that is neither here nor there.
Good bar food (the cheeseburger especially sticks out in my mind) and a good beer selection, with a friendly unpretentious clientele, makes this a spot I wish I got to more often. And I hear they have Quizzo? Yes please.My husband and I eat at the Black Sheep about six times a year.  Most times the food is  good and I love the atmosphere.  However, the last time we and two guests ate here for brunch on 8/14/16, three of the four of us felt that the food was so salty that we couldn't taste or enjoy it.  Maybe it was just an off day, but I think I exceeded my RDA of sodium for the week in this one brunch!My favorite weeknight Philly haunt!!! 
Where to start... I've had makeout sessions here, jumped out the window, nearly killed myself going down the steps to the wc, danced to the jukebox, fallen asleep in the back and of course... drunk and merry.
It's a typical Philly row-home-turned-irish-style-pub. There's a great fireplace in the back I've never seen lit, and around it are huge, heavy wooden bench seating around 4 massive tables. It's good for a big group. Smaller tables up front and more seating upstairs for proper dining. 
In the front part of the bar are two side windowledges which are perfect to perch on. Forewarning, ledge is about 7 feet from the ground, so if you jump out of them, don't do it in high heels. 
Good beer list though it seems to lack local brews. I'm not much of a beer drinker so it doesn't matter. They carry Pimm's!! The bartenders are fun. (Ask for Eileen by singing or screaming "COME ON EILEEN!!!" She loves that.)
Try the filet and goat cheese sliders. So delicious!!! Food here is much nicer than typical bar fare. The mac and cheese is freshly baked with a good sharp cheddar, there's goat cheese on more than just the sliders, the lamb shank looked delicious though I haven't had it. 
I wish they had outdoor seating. It was such a beautiful spring night the other night which is how i discovered prime window-ledge seating.Great place for drinks (I've never had food here). It's a nice and quaint place that's perfect for drinks with a small group. There is plenty of table space, great beers on tap, and wonderful service. It's a dark and quiet ambiance...perfect for conversation.A group of Yelpers and I were all appalled at the level of service we received at this establishment. From the start this hovel of mediocrity fell on its face by not seating us at all; the hostess was not even at the door. We seated ourselves. Once we were in, the bar-tending waitress, who seemed to be running the show upstairs, took our drink orders, all the while giving off the aura of disdain and employment-regret that could sear hair off.
We had to wait around for over 30 min for someone to take our actual orders and after I took it upon myself to express to the waitress that were getting antsy. The forceful OK and stare I got back did tick me off but I decided I wouldn't make a huge deal of it. I gave her a well-timed "Alright, [pause] Thank You" until she broke eye contact and went back to our table. Not a pleasant experience. Even after all of this, someone was sent to "confirm" our orders 10 min later.
When we finally received the food it didn't impress me terribly. The Fish and Chips plate was plentiful but the fish itself was somewhat greasy and bland. However, the Humus platter was huge and pretty darn tasty (but nothing that can't be found elsewhere). Decent prices though.
The dcor of this place was as mediocre as was everything else about it. Wooden booths and low lighting define this place, as well as ever other pub everywhere else; the only distinction being the occasional framed picture of a sheep.
(I must admit I did not get to see much of the lower floor and dined upstairs)
The upstairs had large windows that may open to take in some night air - but they were closed when we were there. 
My advice, if you're in the neighborhood go to Monk's just around the corner. Price point may differ but hell, so does quality!food is meh. beer selection is average. like everyone says have a beer while you wait at monks
ps the bathroom has weird mc escher steps to nowhereI think the Black Sheep is my favorite in the city. They have yummy food (especially the fries), the first floor is lovely and bright when it's nice weather because of the big windows, and there are 3 floors so usually you can find a spot somewhere to have a drink.I have stopped by a few times since moving into Rittenhouse Square looking for a friendly pub. In my first two visits during the Spring, the bartenders were nice, friendly and welcoming. This past Fall and Winter, the staff made me feel like an imposition. They were more content sitting/standing on the side of the bar talking about their days and nights and, dare I mention, making fun of customers rather than acknowledging paying attention to the bar of customers. One gentlemen had to ask numerous times to pay his tab (it was not busy). This was my last try at The Black Sheep and will stay with Twenty Manning Grill.I lived around the corner from Black Sheep for two+ years, and I wanted to like it.  Everytime I went, I wanted to like it.  But everytime I left...yeah, not so much.  Part of the problem is the plethora of better bars nearby, most notably Good Dog, Monk's, Tangier, and, of course, McGlinchey's.  Another issue: hostess seating in the main room at all times - why?  It's a bar, just let people come in, get a beer, and sit where they find a seat.
But the bigger problem is the clientele.  Not exactly a neighborhood (or city) crowd.  For whatever reason this place draws an "older" crowd, and not in a good way.  And when the crowd is younger, it seems as though all of them crossed the Ben Franklin Bridge to get there.
Food: american cheese in the Quesadilla is never, never ok. Let that be your indication.
Long story short: there's better bars.When contemplating a pregame spot for the Yelp 10th bash, I was glad when some good friends invited me to meet at black sheep for a number of reasons.
First it was spending time with good friends instead of drinking alone like an asshole. Second, in order to keep my elite status, I need to review things and in order to review things, I actually have to go somewhere, otherwise I'm reviewing another damn McDonalds. 
Lastly, since I never go out, eating out is a treat I relish and Black Sheep didn't disappoint. I had a happy hour Guinness and 2 of their $5 apps ( wings and cheesesteak spring rolls). Both were out of this world. I'd go so far as to say that the wings rivaled the best I've ever had. 
So mark Black Sheep as a new go to pub in Philly. They had me at $5.Place looks like a speak easy from outside. I went on trivia night, it was fun, didn't try the food.I stopped in here for a couple of beers and a snack after seeing a performance on Broad Street. I wanted to stop in a bar around the corner but it was full as per usual and so I decided to try this place. The bar had an alright selection of beers on tap and the prices weren't bad. 
I got an order of garlic fries too. The order was huuuuge. In truth the fries are more like thick cut chips but they were still pretty darn good and very garlicky. It came with a tasty dipping sauce too. 
I'd probably stop in for a drink another time, despite the fact that the night I was there the bar was overrun by rather obnoxious 20 something girls in large groups all talking loudly and being obnoxious in ways that only white girls of a certain tax bracket can be. But, needless to say, the place wasn't totally overrun with twits.I came here for a Center City Sips happy hour. It has a very cozy sports pub-ish atmosphere. The servers were extremely polite and I thought the service was pretty good.
I like that they have Stella and Hoegarden on tap, and they have a number of affordable bar food options that are big enough to share, like baked mac and cheese (which I thought was delicious) and garlic fries (also good).
Overall, seems like a pretty good place for a casual happy hour and bite - the sips deal was great, but I don't know if I'd come here if the prices were too much higher.This is by far my favorite restaurant in Philly! I love mac n cheese and usually try it out at every restaurant I go to but Black Sheeps mac c cheese is by far the best I've ever had! I've also had their quesadillas, which are really good and their vegtable sandwhich is amazing. They also have a really good beer selection. 
I've never gone here for a night out but I've been here countless times for dinner and once for brunch. It can get a bit crowded but its worth it (and this is coming from someone who hates crowds).one tiny piece of cod - $14 "fish" and chips.  yeah right.I'll be honest.  I'm not a fan of the owner or management.  My husband and I would go here once or twice a week for over a year with a large group of friends.  When we got engaged, we decided to have our reception there.  Menu was planned, meetings were had, and we were getting ready to give them the deposit when the owner decided that we weren't worth it.  I guess a guaranteed 200 people eating wasn't enough for him.
We didn't go back for a long time (over a year) since we sort of felt like we weren't valuable to them after all the money we spent there.
We went back the other night for the first time in a long time.  And I have to say that Eileen won us back.  She was one of the regular waitresses that served us back in the day.  
Eileen remembered that I liked diet soda and she remembered what we always ordered for dinner.  She also remembered that we like extra honey mustard sauce for our fries!  When we arrived she was happy to see us, asked us how we were, and throughout dinner she kept up with what we needed, rarely interrupting conversation.  It was pretty busy that night, and she also kept up with all the other tables that she was serving.
It is rare to get such great service anywhere, especially in Philly at the price point that Black Sheep serves.  But Eileen gave us such great service.  It was personal, professional, and just delightful.  And so, as I said before, Eileen won us back.  I can also pretty much guarantee that if we go in and she's not there, we won't be either.A comfortable atmosphere, excellent menu, food well prepared and reasonable, good service.   My favorite is Taco Tuesday.   Their tacos are the very best.I took a bunch of yelp people here after an Elite Happy hour because I kind of like this place.  We had horrible service, from the hostess not being at the door so we had to fend for ourselves, to having horrible slow service upstairs, to the fucking disgustingly weak mixed drinks.   It's a shame because my previous experiences with this place have been ok and I like the food.  I will probably not go back unless desperate with Fado being only a couple of blocks away.We went there Sunday for lunch.  I would have thought an hour would have been enough time for lunch, but 40min later - still no food.  I ordered the fish n chips, and my wife ordered a bacon cheeseburger.  Her burger was pretty much a hockey puck,  my fish on the other hand was on the "rare" side.  Safe to eat, but could have been better done.  The crust on the fish struck my like the oil could have been changed sooner.  On the up side the waitress was cheery - albeit not quite on top of things, the venue was very pleasant.  I wanted to really like the place but Meh.Yummy Food:   Have eaten here many times.  Had the Fish and Chips, Mac and Cheese and Shepherds Pie.   Can't go wrong.  Bring an appetite!   Wash it all down with their many beers on tap.The Black Sheep is my home away from home.  Rarely can one find a spot that is acceptable to visit morning, noon and night.  
Staff: The staff at BS is legit.... they are witty, smart and accommodating.    
Events: It's a wonderful place to have a function/birthday party.  They offer great specials, and have a basement that can be used for private functions. 
Day time meal:
I highly recommend getting the sheep salad for lunch or dinner some time. Delicioso! 
Sunday Funday: The brunch can't be beat.  It's usually not too crowded and the menu options range from creative to classic.... 
Atmosphere/Ambience: BS is so cozy in the fall, winter and early spring.  The fireplace on the main floor really sets the tone.  I also love all of the little nooks and crannies.Normally I would say that Black Sheep is a fine, low key bar with a good beer list and chill atmosphere.  Like others have said, it houses the spill over from Monks, which isn't a bad thing.
However, after a recent visit, and also in face of the increasing number of gastropubs and good beer bars across the city, I'd have to say pass on this one (unless waiting for Monks).  The apps were sub-par, the guacamole was just gross and when one bathroom was out order, the alternative had a flooded floor complete with no toilet paper and a dead cockroach.Long overdue review.  From the staff, to the drink selection, to the food.  Everything at The Black Sheep is great!  No matter what time of day you are here you are guaranteed to find a lively, and most importantly friendly atmosphere.  Highly recommended.