So I'm super confused as to why everyone rags on this place. They're super nice, quick, and cheap.  People have complained about their chicken fingers being dry but I have no clue what they're talking about. They're great and their honey mustard is delicious. I've had salads from there too and they give you lots of veggies which I love. Their fries are delish as well and I love that they give you cole slaw with the chicken finger platter. All and all, I love that this place is literally a few steps away from my apartment and that they have decent food. I also don't understand the greasy spoon comments... you do realize it's a pizza joint right? You aren't going there for the ambiance, more for the cheap food.There is something to be said about great chicken fingers, and this place has got 'em. Sure, you can get chicken fingers anywhere, but great ones (perfect crispiness, juiciness, doneness) are a bit trickier to find.  I order through third party foodler.com which takes only 20 mins for delivery, considering I work 2 blocks away from the place. I get the fingers for lunch fortnightly, if not more frequently., and they are consistently delicious. The fries are decent but a bit soggy for my taste, which may be attributed to the styrofoam containers they use for takeout -- but honestly, if you're a predominately takeout establishment, you should know how to package your fries without turning them into wet noodles by dellivery time. I've also had the mozzarella sticks (below par) and fried mushrooms (mediocre.) The baked ziti was just so-so as well, but that's  to be expected from a glorified fast food joint. I guess my opinion isn't the greatest representation of this place as a whole, considering I've never physically been here - but if you're looking for some dank chicken fingers - you've found Mecca in The Spot.I liked the chicken philly. The cheese wasn't excessive, and they weren't cheap with the chicken.My friend & I have ordered from this place twice. The first time we had a really decent cheese steak that was like a Jim's or better-known steak sandwich places'. 
Just ordered a pizza from The Spot last night. It was disappointing & we ended up throwing out most of it. The cheese was saturated with grease & slid right off of the crust. As for the topping, definitely of the "mystery meat" variety. I picked mine off to see if the slice could be redeemed with out it. That was a slight improvement, at best.
I hate to write this because both times the people who we spoke to over the phone seemed really nice. It's disappointing & seems that most places can only make a great pizza or make a great steak sandwich. Was hoping that The Spot was that rare exception.Ordered the Chicken Ranchero Panini and the Chicken Cheesesteak Wrap. Both were good, especially for delivery food.So I live across the street and have ordered pick up a couple of times due to convenience.  EVERY time there seems to be a bunch of people "working" there, all doing nothing and barely acknowledge you when you come in.  Even if they say order will be ready in 30 min, and you come 30 min later to an empty, dingy takeout joint, they 1) totally ignore you, rudely going on with their conversation  2) did not start your order and give you no indication that they plan to start it soon.  I would say guesstimate double the wait time they say.  Also, got a large cheese pizza here last time, and half of the cheese was slid off the pizza, crust so thin and soggy that it had no structural integrity for the pieces that did have cheese- so unappetizing that I didn't eat it.
However:  shitty pizza and service aside, this place has REALLY good salads- full of delicious veggies and chicken and comes with 2 garlic knots- $9 chicken avocado salad lasts me 2 meals and the oriental sesame dressing is really good.  Also, mozzarella sticks were pretty good, but those are near impossible to mess up.Great food!!! I order from here all the time. They have some of the best burgers around which are also 100% pure angus beef and they make some of the best pizza dough around. Also try they're soup! I'm personally a big fan of their waffle fries.Tonight I was dying for chicken wings so I ordered the 10-piece hot set. To meet the order minimum I added waffle fries. Fast friendly delivery. However, I was very disappointed in my food. Both things tasted burnt like they needed to change the fryer oil--GROSS. Clean your fryer, Spot. Didn't get very far into the meal, $16 down. Sucks.A large specialty pizza was just $16 after tax, and would easily feed 4 people with a salad or something on the side. We felt like pigging out a bit, so it was just for 2 people accompanied by movie candy;-) We only got through 3/4 of it and were both beyond full.  
The pizza is quite nice, the crust is thin but not crunchy.  Ordered for pickup and it was ready within half an hour.  Got the Scallopini pizza and we both really enjoyed it!   I didn't find it greasy at all, which was nice. We will definitely be ordering again.This place is under new ownership, and the pizza is absolutely delicious. Seriously, give it a try. It looked a little different than what I was used to (I think they use several different kinds of cheese), but the flavor and texture were just perfect. The lady who runs it really knows what she's doing.Love this place. It's our lunch go-to "spot." The paninis and waffle fries are so good!!!The pizza here has a great crust - it's on the thin side, but not so thin and crispy you think you're eating tomato sauce and cheese on top of a hard saltine cracker. The fries are also good here.
That said, the other stuff that I've tried here pretty much sucks. The buffalo wings are WEAK and the chicken fingers are overcooked and not juicy at all, contrary to the experience described by another reviewer.
And the customer service is just bad...  it turns out they have a 10% student discount. I only noticed a sign for it after they rang me up and gave my change, but they wouldn't help me out after the fact, even though I had tipped for take-out more than the amount that they would have had to discount. The student discount is only on a tiny sign a few feet away from the register - not something you'd notice before the few seconds it takes to be rung up, unless you were a compulsive sign reader. 
I'll probably come here again because it's super convenient to me and the pizza is OK, but next time, I'm asking for the student discount in advance and NOT tipping. Sorry guys... take out tip is definitely more discretionary and while I give it by default, you can definitely un-earn it by being an unflexible cheap-ass (which in turn inspires me to be a cheap-ass towards you!)Really 4.5 stars - 5 stars for those boneless wings and around 3 to 4 for everything else.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The last time around, The Spot didn't blow me away, but it wasn't half bad. So in an attempt to see what their pizza and wings were like, the GF and I decided to check them out again. I'm glad we did.
Large Special Pizza [$15.99]
Pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, onions, mushrooms, green peppers
First thing's first. For us, it's not about the pizza at The Spot. It was a bit soggy, but the dough was decently seasoned and the veggies seemed fresh. Overall, it was alright, but there are certainly better pizzas out there like Lazos Pizza & Grill.
Special Chicken Sandwich [$7.99]
Lettuce, tomato, provolone, bacon, Russian dressing
The GF was in the mood for a chicken sandwich so was happy with this effort. The chicken was crisply fried, juicy, and decently seasoned. The Spot seemed to have forgotten the provolone, but the Russian dressing helped to amp up the sandwich a bit. And waffle fries? Nothing wrong with those!
Boneless Buffalo Wings [$13.29]
20 pieces; half mild buffalo, half BBQ
The real star for us though? The boneless wings. Now let me tell you - I'm personally a bone-in man myself. But for the GF's sake, I deal with boneless. And with The Spot's iteration, I have no qualms with that at all. These were incredibly moist, perfectly crispy and both sauces were on point. The buffalo was slightly spicy and the BBQ was not overly sweet and definitely had nice smoke to it. 
So if you're in the mood for wings or have a somewhat finicky partner, definitely check out the wings here. There's easily some of the best boneless wings in Center City.If you're looking for a place for a great salad this is not the place. Like most places I've ordered from, only the fried food is good. But isn't it always... 
The lettuce is rotten. I ordered a cob salad that included brown lettuce, avocados like rubber, and raw bacon. The garlic knots were also stale. Stick to fried food if you order from here.First off I want to say that this is one of the best tasting pizza pies in the city and that is why I am giving it a 3 star review. That being said we ordered a small pie to be delivered and it showed up 30 mins later and had clearly been dropped. The cheese and toppings were all pushed to one slice and 2 slices were upside down. We called to inform the them that the pie had been dropped and the woman was very short and said we will send a new one and hung up. No sorry was said but eh, they rectified the mistake by sending a new one. Well 20 minutes later she calls back and was extremely rude saying that we will have to return the previous pie that was sent otherwise we are not getting a new pizza. Well in those 20 minutes we had eaten the "edible" slices, and when we informed the woman that we did so told us that we would not send another pie. She even asked "why would you eat that?". Well why wouldn't we eat that? We ordered food because we were hungry and did not want to have to wait another 30-60 minutes for a pizza that should have been delivered correctly in the first place. I could not believe that a paying customer can be treated so poorly.There's A LOT on the menu, all pretty basic grill food, priced right for a neighborhood joint, but one thing worth mentioning is the Chicken Souvlaki.  A great garlicy tzatziki sauce and freshly grilled chicken with veggies in a very nice pita wrap.  It's a great (and healthy!) lunch or dinner.  Our friends (another couple in the neighborhood) recommended this and we've been hooked ever since.  Steve (the owner) is a nice guy, too.  I wish they offered more Greek food because THAT's what they really do well.  If this place focused on simply varieties of pita sandwiches and a single ethnic theme they would do phenomenal business.  Sometimes too much "choice" is not a good thing.  Would give more stars if there were more items of Greek origin.Fast delivery, reasonably priced, and amazing breakfast food served all day! YUM!!!Bad food and even worse service.  How many times did they screw up my order or completely forget to make it before I wrote this review?  A lot.  I can deal with the bad food, thats what carry out is all about.  But Id like to actually get the bad food that I ordered.I really love this place.. 
Dependable, accommodating and very affordable. The man who usually answers the phone will go out of his way to ask about a special substitution, order, etc.. He's always very kind and the delivery is always so quick. I've really only ordered a few things including a salad, breakfast, zucchini fries and sweet potato fries (which are amazing) oh and waffle fries! They have waffle fries! Enough said, right?! 
Customer service here is always on point and they respect people's time and money.. Much appreciated ! A+Pizza is GROSSSS. Both times I got pizza here it was soggy, extra salty, soggy, undercooked and it just fell apart like a sloppy mess. 
I am not a PPP (picky pizza person). But come on! Sevs pizza is better than the spot.This place has a very good chicken cheesesteak wrap, but if you are delivering be cautious of the roof delivery guy. I've had two encounters with the same guy and he is rude. The first time he was impatient, when I work at a hospital and was trying to meet him in the lobby. The second time he shoved the bag in my had since I told him to come inside instead of me going outside for the food . That is not how you treat customers! I called and spoke with the manager and he said "well he is very busy, that's no excuse I'll talk to him". If that was no excuse then it shouldn't have been mentioned. I'd recommend only dining in , if you must.Will do in a pinch, which is how I got here in the first place.  I got a slice of  spinach mushroom.  Nice thin crust, well heated, good cheese but much too much garlic and salt.  Also, they just dropped the spinach on top and put it in the oven to heat, so the spinach got completely dried out and I had to pull it off before eating the slice.Good food for an economically friendly meal in Rittenhouse, which is not the status quo in this area.
Pizza and deli style.  They also do steaks, pasta, salads, grill.. check out the website.
Good specials and breakfast all day.  
In addition, they are super nice.  
I will definitely be frequenting this place.The food is always decent, however, if you are ordering in, expect to wait. Their delivery options will take at the bare minimum an hour and fifteen minutes. Sadly, this often means that by the time the food arrives, it is cold.  The staff generally feed the same excuses "we only have one delivery man, the weather, traffic..." 
Not sure if the food is worth the delivery hassle!I live a few blogs away and have been coming to The Spot pretty regularly for close to a year. I have been happy with anything I've ordered. The Chicken Sampler appetizer (5 buffalo wings, 3 big tenders, and 3 WHOLE Fried wings) is a delicious and fulfilling meal. My sister always goes with the Mega Fries (Mozz, REAL Bacon Bits, with a side of ranch) which are also great. They always give out the sauces with their menu items and you never have to ask. The cheesesteaks are decent. Stuffed with meat that has been finely chopped. The pizza is the best I've had from a take out joint in/around rittenhouse. The crust does have a garlic tastes (which I like) but if that's not you're thing you have been forewarned. 
The staff is always nice on the phone and the food is always ready on time. I always get looks on the street as people smell what deliciousness I'm bringing home for dinner.
If you're looking for that guilty pleasure food this is THE SPOT.I ordered buffalo chicken fingers, and asked several times during the order for blue cheese to come with it.  I mean, come on, what's buffalo chicken without blue cheese, right?  Well, they arrived without the blue cheese.  This kind of thing happens sometimes, I think the important thing is how the restaurant handles it when they forget to send something.  When I called the woman reluctantly asked if I wanted her to send the blue cheese, with a tone that suggested the unreasonableness of that request.  I asked if she would send it, and at this point it's been over an hour and a half since I called, and no completion of my order.
Judging by the other comments on here, it seems that The Spot routinely messes up orders, has poor customer service, and is not diligent in correcting their mistakes by giving customers what they ask and pay for.This place has had really great fries ever since they came out. The burgers are always great too. 
PROBABLY THE BEST FRIES IN TOWN THO.We placed an order at 6PM today- its now 8:30 and our food has just arrived.  Well let me correct myself - our food did arrive earlier but 2 out of the 3 items we ordered were incorrect.  I had ordered a tuna salad but instead got a regular garden salad, no tuna.  We called and asked to get the money credited back to us, but they said they could not and would get us the correct order right away.  An hour and a half later our food arrives.  Instead of a new tuna salad, I got a big blob of tuna to throw on the salad they sent 2 hours earlier.  Thanks guys!  If you are hungry and you want your food fast, DO NOT ORDER HERE.  This is not the first time we have had the same problem here with food delivery taking so long, now we won't be making that mistake again.  It's not cheap either as far as takeout goes.I'll get straight to the point: if you don't love garlic, you won't love their pizza.  I like garlic so I'm good with their pizza.  The only bad thing I can say is that the very top part of the crust is really bland, which is sort of a let down when there's such a strong flavor in the rest of the pizza.  I'll definitely eat it again, but will probably skip on the crust part.
I also tried their wings, which were really tender.  They were also bone-in (which isn't specified on the menu).
I only gave 3 stars bc the special I ordered was advertised as 22.99, but was 24.50 when ordered online.  Consistency in pricing would be good.  However, the food is pretty tasty.It was at about 2 hours that I decided to just cancel the order. Ordered a pizza and I live a block away. I called at an hour and he said 5 minutes, it's on it's way. At 2 hours I called to cancel and the guy hung up on me. The odd thing is, he answered the phone "pickup or delivery?" but told me that he was "f-ing busy" and wasn't taking orders before he hung up on me. 
I used to order once or twice a month from here, never again. Food wasn't even anything special- just overpriced.Great strombolis, eaten them a bunch of times. Also great customer service over the phone. Very simple and accommodating. Love this place.Order delivery burgers. Meat tastes as if I had severe freezer burn and was not thawed out before cooking. Ordered without lettuce tomato and mayo but it came with that anyway. Fries were decent but had to be put in the oven to be re-crisped. The worst part by far was the milkshake which tasted as if they had added water to it instead of milk. It was worse than a glass of watered down skim milk chocolate milk.The pizza is just okay, this is Philadelphia and a good pizza is VERY hard to find.  
The sandwiches and other items are the menu are fantastic.  I am a fan of the Chicken Florentine Sandwich on the seeded roll.  They are right around the corner from me so I cannot speak for delivery.Walking home at 8, 9, 10PM after being in the office for 13-15 hours, the last thing I want to do is cook something, so I head right over to The Spot.  
The Greek Salad is always filling and very satisfying with an array of veggies, and always the right amount of feta to keep me happy.  I LOVE, repeat and emphasize, LOVE the Buffalo Chicken Pizza... it's greasy as all get out, but when you're craving some fatty, greasiness, that is what you want.
Grab one of their frequent-customer cards and get $5 off your 5th visit.  Also, the weeknight specials from 5-8PM are always the right price.  So, when you're in a bind or just don't want to cook, head over to The Spot.I think most people would agree that good pizza is hard to find in Philadelphia.  This is among the better I've had here, and I usually stop in every couple of weeks or so.  The staff is very friendly, and the pizza is consistently good.  The only thing I've ever ordered here is pizza, so I can't comment on the rest of the menu.Love coming here for breakfast sandwiches. 
Long kaisers with pork roll egg and cheese. It's probably more food that anyone needs in the morning but when you wake up late on a Saturday there is nothing better. 
I have only been here for breakfast and it has always been fast service. I normally eat  and chit chat about the night before with a friend. I love that this place is so casual it really does not matter what you wear. However you may be judged as you walk by spread to get here.I just wanted to update this review.  The morning after I placed this order/wrote the above review, I received a phone call from The Spot.  I was in class, so I didn't get the voicemail they left until late in the day, but they stated that they had heard that they made a mistake with my order and they offered me another meal on the house that day, which I thought was very nice of them. Because it was so late when I got the message, I didn't end up taking them up on the offer, but I was impressed that they took the effort to try to make amends.  Also, it seems they check their Yelp reviews regularly because that would be the only way they would have known I was upset about the mistake in my order.  I think that says good things about their willingness to please customers and stay on top of the feedback they are receiving.  I would definitely be willing to give this place another shot now.I stopped going to The Spot in 2009. The food was fine (my husband and I actually became good buddies with the cooks there). It was just the management that made me so angry. But that was 2009. Maybe things have changed, who knows!The Spot is my #1 delivery go to. I order from here a few times a month. They are always fast and the food is always hot. I've tried a lot of items on the menu and have enjoyed everything. The chicken cheesesteaks, strombolis, pasta dishes, paninis, etc. are all awesome. Pizza is decent for Philly.I'm a new neighbor. I ordered other place when i was just move in but there is bad at all. So I tried here today.
It was good. I ordered a pizza.
it's very tasty, lovely thin crust and nice combination with vegi and meat.
but little salty to me... hence I rated 4stars.The food here isn't bad, but it's a problem when you order something and it is consistently incorrect.  I ordered 3 things 2 of them were wrong.  When I brought it back the woman at the counter gave me nothing but grief.  I asked what we needed to do to communicate better and was a met with silence.  Nothing like trying to figure out how to work with someone better only to get stonewalled.On a recent night, the GF and I felt like getting some good ol' American grub - burgers, cheese steaks and fries. So we hopped on Seamless and decided to give The Spot a shot. Located in Rittenhouse Square, they offer a typical Greek 'diner-esque' menu, which is to say that most items imaginable for traditional American fare will be on said menu.
Cheese Steak ($7.29)
Beef, sharp provolone, onions
The cheese steak was piled high with well-seasoned chopped steak that unfortunately was a tad dry. The sharp provolone provided a bit of funk and the fried onions were interspersed throughout. The roll housing the beef was extremely soft and pillowy, without any semblance of texture.
Not one of the worst cheese steaks I've had in Philly, but certainly not the best. Ordering online was a bit annoying because when you order the 'cheese' steak, you actually need to add the cheese manually for an additional 50 cent charge. So what did I do? Ordered the regular steak sandwich, and add the cheese there so you don't lose out on a dollar just because you want some cheese on your cheese steak. So look out for that! 
Cheeseburger ($4.99)
Angus beef
The quality of the Angus beef was quite good and the fact that you can order your burger's temp is appreciated. The GF went with medium, though this came closer to medium-well. No lettuce or tomato was offered for the burger unfortunately. Still, it was nicely char-grilled and covered with an abundance of American cheese. The brioche-type bun was quite nice and housed the meat perfectly.
The burger and the cheese steak both came with a bag of Ruffles potato chips,
which was appreciated.
10'' Buffalo Chicken Calzone ($9.99) 
Chicken, blue cheese, hot sauce, onions, peppers
The buffalo chicken calzone was a great iteration of the dish. The creamy ricotta blended well with an abundance of mozzarella, blue cheese, and moist chicken. The Spot allowed the addition of onions and peppers without any additional charge.   
The dough of the calzone was crusty and a blanket of delicious cheese coated it perfectly. Despite the number of ingredients, the calzone held up well to delivery.
Mega Fries ($5.79)
Mozzarella cheese, cheese wiz, bacon, side of ranch
If I see Mega Fries on the menu, I'll usually order it. The fries were crispy and completely covered with mozzarella and crispy chunks of bacon. I appreciated that they followed through on my request for Whiz on the side. The fries also came with ranch dressing, which helped to bring this artery-clogger over the top and render each bite creamy. 
The Spot can provide a satisfying meal that requires a few hours on the treadmill after the requisite coma. It reminds me a bit of Pandoras, though not necessarily on their level. But it wouldn't hurt to give The Spot a try if you're aching for some gut-busting delivery or are in the neighborhood.I don't really know what happened but I used to die for the baked ziti with meatball. It had a lot of sauce and cheese on it and it tasted really good. I ordered it recently and it's flavorless with almost no sauce or cheese. My boyfriend ordered the stromboli and it had almost no sauce either. We ordered boneless wings and they came bone-in; I guess the jalapeno poppers were good. Comon Spot, you're better than this!I think this is the second time I ordered from this place. Don't remember what happened the last time. I ordered from Grubhub and this was a mess. I'm waiting to see what I will get refunded for. The sandwich was not what I ordered, but I did expect a change since they had called me and told me they were out of an ingredient. But it still was not what I thought I was getting. I ordered a cake slice but they sent a different one, so I sent that back with the delivery guy. I cannot believe they can stay in business making mistakes like this!!Food was mostly above average and delivery was much quicker than expected. We ordered through GrubHub and the food arrived more than 30 minutes before the estimated time.
Delivery guy arrived on a bicycle and was very friendly. He even warned me about opening my soda because it probably got shaken up on the back of his bike on the pothole strewn streets of Philadelphia.
The Boneless Wings were disappointing. They were more popcorn chicken sized than what I would call a boneless wing. We also requested Hot Wings, but there was barely any sauce on the wings, so they were pretty bland. I'll give them another shot, and request more sauce on the wings next time.
Portion sizes of sandwiches with waffle fries were generous. Sandwiches were pretty good. The Caprese Chicken sandwich had fresh basil, large slices of fresh tomato and a good amount of chicken. I got the grilled chicken, which was a little dry, but overall very satisfying. The Garden Panini was very good. The vegetables were cooked just right, not until they are really mushy and there was a generous amount of vegetables in the sandwich. So much so that there is half in the fridge waiting for lunch tomorrow. The waffle fries were seasoned, kind of like a curly fry, and nice and crispy; very good.
I would definitely try The Spot again.The delivery time is over 2 hours and the people who work there are rude and blatantly lie to you.This place is a bit of a greasy spoon (do people still say that?).
The other night sheer laziness led me to order from The Spot for dinner.  Then guilt set in and I tried to health-ify the situation by ordering lentil soup, a greek salad with chicken and zucchini sticks (compromise!).  Bad move.  The soup was super salty, the salad was the most meh version of greek imaginable, and the zucchini sticks seemed to have been deep friend in hundred year old oil.  
Granted, this place is not meant for healthfulness.  If laziness (and potentially drunkenness) steers me here again, I will go for pizza or similar and review again.  A dear friend of mine gets their chicken fingers three times a week, so there may be hope yet.  The owners seem to work in the shop, which makes me want to like it.  We'll see.A large specialty pizza was just $16, and would easily feed 4 people with a salad or something on the side. We felt like pigging out a bit, so it was just for 2 people accompanied by movie candy;-) We only got through 3/4 of it and were both beyond full.  
The pizza is good, the crust is thin but not crunchy.  Ordered for pickup and it was ready within half an hour.  Got the Scallopini pizza and we both really enjoyed it!   I didn't find it greasy at all, which was nice. We will definitely be ordering again.If I could give no stars I would. 1 I received the wrong meat on my sandwich - sausage instead of bacon with zero warning 2. The delivery man was exceptionally creepy and had his eyes closed the entire exchange.Very solid chicken cheesesteak. One of the few places I've had one where they actually spice the chicken so it's not bland.
Good chicken finger platter. Fries are good. Have to ding them because the chicken finger platter no longer comes with coleslaw. This is not reflected on their menu online and in print. It took me ordering it 3 times for someone to actually tell me this and then they tried to charge me for it. I know rent is high, but I imagine coleslaw isn't a particularly expensive item to make. I'm not expecting a huge container of coleslaw, but you can't give me a small container size of coleslaw?