This place is not affiliated with Tony Luke's. That is in South Philly, and it's 100% better.
Tony Jr.'s has okay hoagies, mediocre cheesesteaks, and very good onion rings. The "Philly" on their awning bothers me because of the quotation marks. Just call it a Philly Cheesesteak. Sadly, the poor punctuation does add Philly hoagie/steak shop authenticity.I spent 5 days in Philadelphia and managed to have three large cheesesteaks.  I wasn't shocked that by day 5 my pants didn't fit and my face was rounder than usual, but I was shocked that none of the cheesesteaks were deserving of 5 Stars.  Sorry Philly, I've had better in New Jersey.  
Of the 3 places I tried, Tony Jr's was definitely the best and was closest to our hotel.  The sandwich was big, juicy, and covered in melted Sharp Provolone Cheese.  What didn't end up all over my face clearly went straight to my butt.  The fries were just okay.  I overheard another group of tourists (suitcases and all) raving about the Pork Italian and the Chicken Parm, but I'll have to wait for a return trip before I try those!These cheesesteaks are off the charts.  Better than Cubby's, Jim's, Pat's and Geno's.  I've eaten cheesesteaks all my life and have found some close to perfection at Tony Luke Jr's.
The Maria special is pretty tasty.  The cheesesteak wit whiz is sublime.  Let me break it down... Thinly sliced ribeye in a crusty/chewy baguette style bread with onions cooked with some ribeye "juice" and the saltyness of the whiz is perfection.  Toss a couple of pickles in it and you are good to go.  
The staff is so nice and friendly I plan on going every time I'm in Philly.
If you're in the area and want a cheesesteak and miss this spot it is truly your loss.  They aso have some other sandwiches that are good and an upstairs seating area that is pretty chilled out.
After writing this I now need to go drive to Tony Luke's again.I've had better a cheese steak in Frisco. This is d/t so maybe they don't need to put the oomph in it b/c of the volume they get. I went for the standard which was below average. The wife got one with broccoli which was ok. Fries were also just a C average. Sorry Tony Jr, maybe Sr did it better.I used to live in Philly and live right down the road from this Sandwich shop.  It serves great Philly Cheesesteak.  yes, I could go to the original Tony Luke or go to those other better known cheese-steak places, but this place was only a 5 minute walk from my high-rise apartment in Center City.
Actually, I tried like 5 of the steak sandwiches.  All were very good.  The secret is not in the meat or types of meat.  It is the BREAD!!!  The bread that they serve it on makes the sandwich.
Yes, this is a definite place to visit!As far as I can tell, this joint is not affiliated with the famous Tony Luke's.  Maybe they are trying to mooch off of the name and reputation of the more famous establishment.  Ok, fine, that's not my fight.  All I know is that they serve food and I can review it.  (Even Yelp.com is confused:  One of the photos posted is NOT of this establishment, strike one, and the website address is wrong, strike two.)
Everyone who visits Philadelphia wants to try a cheesesteak (or two or four) and you should try one.  Tony's cheesesteak is ok but it's not great.  It was the only one I tried in Philly and I picked wrong.
On the other hand, Tony Jr's, serves up an outstanding roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe.  Hell to the yes.  It is absolutely delicious and you do need to try it.
And then head off to find a better cheesesteak if your stomach lining can handle it.  Better wear sweatpants and pack some Pepto.On my last visit to Philadelphia, I did not have time to get a cheese steak.  I just arrived and made it my first priority to get one.  I walked around the Rittenhouse district and came upon Tony Jr's.  I placed an order for the Steak Hoagie with Provolone Cheese (hot peppers but no onions).  I didn't have to wait long for the order to come out.  I woofed it down and enjoyed every bite.  The steak was tender and tasty.  The hots looked a bit weird, but added a good spiciness.  The place only has four small tables, so I think most people do take out.I'm always looking for a good breakfast sandwich when I am hungover.  I haven't found a bagel shop so my go to is Tony Jrs!  They have a great pork roll, egg and cheese on a long roll... the roll is what makes it!  And they have thick sliced pork roll... YUM!i havent ate alot of cheese steaks, but i have to say, tony makes a mean cheese steak.  yes whiz with all the way.  and if youre wondering how it compares to ginos and pats, iduno, i never been there, but all i have to say is bobby flay, even though im not too found of him, challenged him to a throw down.  i think at one point, tony lukes was voted best of philly in the philadelphia magazine.  o yea, the cajun fries are not bad also
4.0 starsSolid cheesesteak. Got the sharp provolone; not too greasy and meat was done well.So...lunch at 1:15. I'm the only one there and it takes 10+ minutes for a cheesesteak that in the end was all roll and little meat. Customer un-service was proudly on display. The cook was in the waiting area chatting up some girl for part of the time. I can see the other guy behind the counter eating something while cooking. Nice health code violation there. Only person interested in working that day was me apparently and I already have a job. Dear Tony...spend less time with Guy Fieri and promoting frozen cheesesteaks and more time trying to hire qualified people who really want to run your business. I used to like coming here but it's worse every time. Thank God Steve's Prince of Steaks came to town on 16th street. Good riddance.We split an ostrich burger and a cheesesteak with sharp provolone.  I was underwhelmed, unfortunately.  The beef in the cheesesteak was just okay, however the bread was stale.  That's just wrong, imho.  The ostrich was tough.  Bummer of a meal.hey, anyone knows what happen to this place? i was there this weekend and it's closed. the kitchen has been torn out. there is no other info at their door. ????I had heard that these weren't the best cheese steak grinders Philly has to offer, but when we had been driving for 6 hours to get to PA, we needed something to satisfy our hunger and frustration from driving through Jersey, and Tony Jr's did the trick.  The sandwiches were great, and pretty big, and while they may not be the best ever, they were certainly good enough for two Bostonians looking for comfort food.  Yum.Not as good as the original but a great choice for center city delivery. Definitely one of the best cheesesteaks in the area for a resonable price.Recommended to our group from the hotel concierge that's not Pat's or Geno's (tourist traps).  The cheese steaks are okay, I think they got my order wrong because I ordered a cheese steak with American cheese, but it came with some light colored white-ish cheese.  Besides that, the bread was soft and the steak was good; I wish the steak pieces were a bit larger/longer.  The pieces of steak were pretty small, but plentiful.  We didn't get any 'lip' like you'd get at Geno's, which we liked.Chicken Cheese Steak was not that special at all....I was expecting a great sandwich...Meat lack flavor. However, the bread they used was pretty good....Horrible customer service. Won't be backSo let me say that there is a preference thing about cheesesteakes - just like pizza.  My husband says the pizza in Philly is abominable and I think it's decent.  For cheesesteakes he likes Delasandros in Roxborough and Jim's on South Street.  I love Tony's which may or may not be related to Tony Luke's anymore.  Primo's definitely makes an amazing hoagie as noted by Zoe P.  The bread here is great - not too soft like an Amaroso's, won't get soggy from the grease.  I really like the Roast Pork Italiano with long hots and sharp provolone.okay, first of all, chicken pizza steak? yummmmm!!!! 
tony luke jr's is close to my college of choice, 
and is amazing.
the atmosphere isnt too pleasant considering the rickety wooden tables, but  the amazing food definitely made up for it. i'll most definitely be going backCame here for a cheesesteak with provolone and mushrooms. The meat was well done, flavors were pretty good, wasn't too greasy but also wasn't dry. Decent size for the money .The people were nice and the sandwich was ready quick. Better than Pat's.July 8th 2011:
I've been to Tony Luke' son front and Oregon too many times to count so now that I work in the city, I figured I'd go to Tony Jr's. 
Just had the Pork Italian. MAJOR SURPRISE!! THIS IS NOT TONY LUKE'S pork italian. I thought this was Tony Luke Jr's place meaning affiliated with front and oregon. If it is, something is wrong. I will not go back. While it was not unedible, it is not the same rolls, pork, or rabe that u get at Front and Oregon.Nice people but not good food. The concierge at the Sofitel put us on to this one and he was wrong or they were having a bad day.First off, the place in Center City called "Tony Jr's" is NOT Tony Luke's.  This is the Philadelphia equivalent of New York's Famous Ray's, or Famous Original Ray's, or World Famous Ray's Original Pizza.  This place is a scam.  The real Tony Luke's is in south Philly.
Allow me to elaborate.
Tony Jr's has a $15 minimum for credit cards which means most individual sandwich and soda orders are in cash, and without a receipt that they then over charge for.
CHECK YOUR RECIEPT
I ordered a steak and soda which came out to $8.19 and the guy says to me "$9.90".  I asked for the receipt and it wasn't until after I'd finished my sandwich that I actually glanced at the receipt and realized he scammed me for an extra buck seventy.  The only reason he gave me a receipt is because I asked for it because I am keeping my receipts because I'm traveling on business.
The food.  The sandwich was fine.  I got a sharp provolone steak with onions and peppers.  The peppers were a bit al dente, but otherwise the sandwich was fine.  Far from the best cheesesteak I've had.  But adequate.  
The soda fountain had 3 of the soda options out of order.  It's obvious these people don't give a crap because they're in center city and people genuinely believe they are a Tony Luke's location and so they do a good business without having to try.
DO NOT BOTHER WITH TONY JR'S ON 18th & SANSOM.  
IT IS A KNOCKOFF RESTAURANTWe had to try this place because there was talk about it rivaling Jim's.  I have to say though, it wasn't even close.  Jim's was way better in my opinion - this place put a little bit too much whiz for my liking.  Still pretty good though.  Enjoyed it as my last cheesesteak in the city.Ordered out of obligation--I'm in Philly--finished out of love. (Didn't stop chewing until it was gone.)Don't know about the original Tony Luke but this place wasn't a bad choice.  First of all, this fast food style place was packed with happy people, which is usually a good sign.  I ordered two cheesesteaks, Cheese Whiz and all, the way it should be.  And it was delicious.  Plenty of sandwich and good helpings of meat and cheese.  Wanted another one once I was done but the missus stopped me (can't really say no).Stopped here for a quick bite to eat while in Philly.  The place has two levels.  Downstairs has a few tables, and the cashier/kitchen; upstairs features more seating and a bathroom.  Bathroom is fairly nasty.  
I ordered a steak and cheese (mild provolone) with onions.  It wasn't tasty at all...not bad or good, just bland.  I added some salt, ketchup and pepper, and it tasted a bit better.  The bread was good, but meat needed more flavor.  I'd say skip this place.  Many of the street carts near by have better sandwiches.Nice little hole in the wall with great cheesesteaks. I recommend the Italian with sauteed onions.We came here for cheesesteak. Not the best cheesesteak I've ever had (I prefer Abner's), but certainly passable. I ordered the pizza steak sandwich, which had provolone and tomato sauce. It's amusing to me that I ordered anything pizza-sounding in Philly, because pizza in Philly is generally nooooot that good. The problem is usually sauce-related; it's always WAYYY too sweet, and that just drives me nuts.
So why did I order anything in Philly with tomato sauce on it? I have no idea. I was feeling adventurous, I suppose.
Either way, the meat was fine, the bread was fine, the sauce was kind of a mistake. If you insist on going here, you're probably better off ordering a regular cheesesteak.
My friend, meanwhile, LOVED hers. She got hers the "Philly way" (wit' Wiz).I had such high hopes when I went to this place (based on its positive Yelp reviews). I was raised outside of cheesesteak country, so I went in and got the basic cheesesteak with provolone; my friend got the chicken cheesesteak. Both were dry and flavorless. We started the meal by talking about how glad we were to be making up for the nasty burgers we'd eaten at 3 am the night before, and by the end of the meal, these cheesesteaks were on par with the burgers we'd deemed nasty even in our late-night state. I have to think Philly can do better than this.Pretty big cheesesteak loaded wit wiz, also had an order of fried mushrooms.Worst sandwich of my life.  Swimming in oil.  Will never go back and suggest you don't go either.well, this was my first ever cheese steak experience on a cold night on my first ever visit to Philly, but I found the cheesesteak with hot peppers to be quite tasty, and liked the bread.. and the place is cheap.. very simple, barebones  environment inside..I would give this place 0stars but that was not an option. I know good food! I was raised in a family of cooks and with lots of ethnicity and culture. I know when something tastes good. I decided to try a cheesesteak here on my way outta Philly back to DC area today in my one of numerous attempts to find a cheesesteak in Philly that actually will make all the hype about Philly haven great cheesesteaks true, but I was once again let down badly. First off I ordered the cheesesteak with provolone cheese. The guy at the counter (that was more interested in the apps in his phone than taking my order) says so you want nothing on that  and I say : I want everything that comes on that....then he says so you want a philly cheesesteak with provolone with everything..and i say yes, everything that comes on it. The total was supposed to be six something..he rings me up and gives me a receipt for 10.00 and tells me after he rings me up..oh yea, if your wondering, onions, mushrooms and peppers and the provolone were all an additional charge..so im like OoooooooooK (thinking you could have told me before when u asked what i wanted on it and i said everything) so i didnt bother arguing and thought it would be worth it if its a good sandwich...HONESTLY THE WORST STEAK AND CHEESE IVE HAD IN MY LIFE (and ive had alot of steak and cheeses!!) bland white roll bread with tasteless pure fat steak meat  that obviously came from a pre packaged artificial frozen container and I didnt see one mushroom or onion in there (which i paid extra for) i did see some green peppers which were also tasteless just blended in with the crap meat. What makes it worse is I was the only person in there and all the like 5 young kids worken in the kitchen were all looken at pictures and apps on their phones and foolen around when they were cooken my food..took them forever to make it and the guy at the counter..instead of going back to see if my food was ready, he went into the kitchen and was like ..what apps you guys got on your phone..
overall BAD CHEESESTEAKS, RIP OFF OF A PRICE..I ended up giving my mom the other half of the cheesesteak after pouring ketchup all over my half to give it some taste..my mom took one bite and threw the rest out.! Did I mention my stomach hurt all day after eating this sub
NUFF SAID
these people given this place good reviews, obviously dont know what good food tastes like or only like anything that comes on a bun with fat inside...real steak and cheese's are supposed to have toasty grilled bread with steak and cheese melted in with the steak and tons of caramalyzed grilled onions to start........Cheesesteak and chicken cheesesteak with fries on a sunday night.  Fries were great, crunchy and tasty.  Both cheesesteaks were also tasty, super soft bread, nice cheese flavor, with just the right amount of meat.
I'd go back for a quick fix.I sorta want a do-over.  For lunch I went with the ostrich burger since it was something different and something I have never had the opportunity to try yet.  I unwrapped the foil and uncovered a lonely, dry looking patty topped with american cheese in a sesame seed bun.  The patty was definitely dry.  There was no juiciness to the burger whatsoever.  Maybe it's because it's ostrich and I would assume it's leaner than beef...  Anyway, thank god the bun was decent and I wasn't too hungry to begin with.
I definitely would give this place a second chance though.  Despite all the great sounding things on the menu I tried this.  The chicken cutlet sandwiches sounded great!  Wish I actually took note of that before the ostrich burger caught my eye.Since Tony Luke's was closed on Sunday.  I decided to check out Tony Luke Jr's.  Strangely when I was there, I didn't see a single reference to Tony Luke's.  I wonder if it used to be a part of Tony Luke's and not anymore.  They just called the place "Tony's."
Anyway about the food, I ordered the Cheesesteak with Whiz and onions and Italian Roast Pork with Broccoli rabe.  Unfortunately what I got was Cheesesteak with Provolone and Italian Roast Pork with Spinach rabe.  Since my orders took about 20 minutes, I decided not to complain because I was ravenously hungry.  I couldn't wait anymore.
The Cheeseteak was very good.  The Roast Pork was so so.  Their fries were surprisingly good.  
I hope you have better luck with your order.Best Cheesesteak in all of downtown Philly.  If you're in town on business or just a local who works downtown, this is by far the best cheesesteak money can buy.  I come down to Philly 2-3 times a month for work and I always take a trip over to Tony Jrs for lunch.    They do breakfast and dinner, but i've only done lunch there.
I've tried a few other greasy cheesesteak spots, including the local street meat variety and I'm confident that Tony Luke jrs is top shelf.
Today i sampled the Steak Italian which if you've been living in a bubble has sharp provolone and your choice of brocoli rhab or spinach.  It wass truely mouth watering.  
I also got the poppers which were pretty good.  My buddies got the fries with they're cheesesteak and they weren't anything to write home about.  
TLJ also has a variety of burgers, including ostrich.  Ostrich burgers aren't something you see on the menu at most places, so i'm gonna go with that next time.  
However when i'm standing in line and I smell the meat and the cheese ont he grill, i find it hard to order anything other than cheesesteak.Yea.... definitely pretty nasty.  The steak in my cheesesteak was cold and bland.  Eating a cold cheesesteak is up there with eating a soggy pretzel.  I regretted passing up the foodtrucks lined on 18th to eat here. Don't do it.I've found this to be one of the more formidable 6 dollar cheese steaks in Philly. To their credit, Tony Luke's Jr's has a more diverse menu than most greaseries, which very cheap bugers. I've only ever had the steaks, but for this part of town, it's good for tourists looking for more authentic Philly eats. 
The inside kinda lacks, but there's an upstairs and soda machine that makes it more welcoming than most place -- e.g. Jim's/Steve's.Cardboard burger and good fries for about six bucks in Center City may be some of your best options if you're living/visiting frugally! However, I sure do not recommend this "TONY JR's" place at all.
I would rather you go to Mama's Vegetarian, 20th&Market, if you want a cheap meal in walking distance from Rittenhouse Square. It's also healthier!
That being said, I can't speak on behalf of the cheesesteaks but why would you want to eat a cheesesteak in Center City? GO TO SOUTH PHILLY.While the location is pretty ideal, and not too far from my place, I'll say that I don't think I'll be going here too often. MAYBE getting delivery or possibly take out, but probably not going in to sit. The thing is, it smells. And not just the sweet aromas of meat sizzling and potatoes frying, but a genuine stench of some sort of mix of cleaning fluids and body odor (or bodily fluids-odor, I couldn't tell.)
The sandwiches aren't terribly expensive, and take about 10-15 minutes to prepare. The fountain for fountain sodas wasn't working when we stopped by, so I didn't end up getting a drink, but they had some Snapple, Pepsi products, and Stewart's root beer that my little sister got. It was just pretty miserable waiting those 10 minutes inside that smelly, small space. I wouldn't say it was cramped, but if there were a few more people inside, it would've been.
I used the bathroom upstairs, and the flusher took a while to work, which was a little annoying.
When we finally got our sammies (cheesesteaks, roast pork w/ b. rabe and provolone, and one cheeseburger), we were pretty satisfied with the sizes for the price. As ravenous as we were, we started eating on the walk back.  My thoughts on the pork sammie: the pork was a little dry any time that it wasn't near the provolone or the rabe. However, in those perfect bites that contained all three essential parts, it was divine. Juicy rabe, sharp provolone, I was happy. I added a little hot sauce to some of the dryer bits, and was satisfied.  My cousin ordered his cheesesteak without onions and, Murphy's Law, got onions, but we were already halfway home before we realized it, so we didn't bother, and he just added some ketchup and toughed it out.
The burger received no reviews positive or negative, so I can't say anything other than it looked big.
I won't rush back, but it's a solid place if you need a big ol' steak or sammy to go.I think the cheesesteak here is better than Pat's and Geno's, personally.  I'm not even really a cheesesteak fan but this place just hits the spot.  Although I'm a little annoyed they changed their french fries (they used to be very similar to Burger Kings which I love) I come back because its a reasonably priced meal that is filling and delicious.  Their burgers are also very good.Food deserves a 3, but they screwed up my to-go order.  I ordered a cheesesteak with whiz and sharp provolone, mushrooms, and onions.  They asked if I wanted hot peppers and I specifically said no.  When I got back and opened the sandwich, it was provolone only (no whiz) and had hot peppers.  It wasn't busy when I was there, so I'm not sure how they messed this up.  That being said, the sandwich was decent.You know how every place does things a little differently?  Tony Jr's uses chuncks of romaine lettuce instead of iceberg chiffonade on their hoagies, and if you get sharp provolone, it will be shredded.  The bread is firmer, too.  So far, I've only had their Italian hoagies because whenever I go, I have a deep craving within me that blocks the "try something new" receptors in my brain.  I have good intentions, tho, of trying these other sandwiches: roast pork, greens with cheese, and chicken cutlet.  I'll let you know if I ever get to it.Delicious philly cheesesteaks.  YUM!  My coworker brought me to Tony Luke Jr's so I could have a true philly cheesesteak experience and it was well worth the short walk from the office.  Like most awesome food places - it is a no-nonsense, small restaurant.  Big menu up top, make your choices and order at the cashier.  I got the philly cheesesteak with sharp provolone.  Delicious.  Their onion rings are fantastic too!  Melt in your mouth goodness.I am embarrassed to say that I was too good to order the cheesesteak "wit wiz" and got sharp provolone....and then stole half of my girlfriend's wizzed up sandwich and went to town on the thing bc omg, it was just fantastic.  I am pretty positive they are made entirely of petroleum byproducts, but wow, that sucker was delicious.  I can see what all the fuss is about....Interesting experience at Tony Luke Jr's when I visited Philly in 2006.
First of all the food was delicious...the Philly cheesesteaks were great, with of course a Cheese Wiz topping instead of real cheese.
Ok now going here was a story within itself. My mother, sister, brother and I were about to leave Philly after an eventful weekend doing the touristy thing and decided to check this place out for lunch.
We walk in and immediately found this cheesesteak shop to be great. It was simply a small room with a counter to order your lunch and a single wooden chair alone in the center of the room. So we moved this chair aside and ordered our grub.
We had noticed immediately that some small lady was all alone working the grills and taking the orders. She looked hungover and angry. She was nice to us, took our orders and then came from behind the counter and quickly sprinted to the door. She locked it, looked at us and said "DO NOT LET ANYONE IN!"
We all agreed...looked at each other and laughed in shock. We were being held captive by the tiny cheesesteak lady.
She explained to us that her employees all decided to skip work and go to the Eagles game...she also told us they were all fired. She explained that she needs the door locked so she does not get too many customers at once, since she is all alone.
So she went to work...and once in awhile had to answer the phones in disgust. She even had a call from a delivery guy she had sent out on an order and was lost. This lady could not catch a break.
Well 20 minutes have gone by, we are standing in this small beat up room with the single wooden chair, which we insisted our mother use.
Then a knock at the door!
The small lady has disappeared to the back kitchen, and here we are all alone in this store with some guy at the door. He yelled through the glass that he was the delivery guy. So my brother let him in.
We told him to lock the door, he looked at us funny and we explained the situation. So he locked it and he ran behind the counter to assist the lady who was not only doing out order, but putting together orders for football parties around Philly.
So the two of them go to work, and 35 minutes have gone by since our order. Why didn't we just leave at this point? Two reasons...1) we thought all of this was hilarious and 2) after seeing the way this small lady reacts to bad news, we did not want to get on her bad side (she had a Phillies bat behind the counter).
All of a sudden another group of people walk into the establishment.
Wait what? The door was supposed to be locked!
In they come, we just stand there in shock and then they ring the bell for service. Out comes the small cheesesteak lady in equal shock, but just looked a tad angrier than we were.
"WHO OPENED THE GOD DAMN DOOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
We immediately said in unison "not us."
With that she screams for the delivery guy in the back, "DID YOU NOT LOCK THE DAMN DOOR!!!!!!!!!!"
The guy gets mad back at her and says, "I did not know I had to lock the door." She looks at us, and my sister says, "We did too tell you to lock the door."
He looks annoyed at us, she looks annoyed at him, and the new group of people look at each other in scared confusion.
She then locks the door and says, "NO ONE OPEN THIS DOOR!!!!"
Finally 45 minutes later, we have 4 cheesesteaks, 4 fries, 4 drinks and walk upstairs to their "dining area." Actually it was a dimly lit room with 4 old tables and a unisex bathroom, which you can hear the person inside "doing their business" as you eat.
Oh yes, this will probably not happen to you when you visit...so I will give you Tony Luke Jr's 4 stars, because after all of that craziness you still had the four of us say "hey this is pretty damn good!"
We made sure to tell the lady as we left to lock the door after us.My husband was adamant about getting a philly cheese steak while we were there.  He was not disappointed and raved about it throughout the entire meal. As for I had the veggie wrap and was equally happy!!Not going to lie, but not impressed by their cheesesteak. I wanted hot peppers...no hot peppers, just regular peppers. I went here, since it was technically Tony Luke Jr's and the other one was way to far to go to before we left to go home.
I was bland...