Was not a fan of their cheesesteak. Their wiz sauce was mustard based and it was not terrible as a sandwich itself but mustard is not the flavor one expects or wants in a cheesesteak. It was overwhelming and not good.Not a vegan or a vegetarian but I love eating vegan food. I was so excited to try this place out. It is connected to V Street (which is right next door) so I'm guessing this is the vegan paradise of Philly. Two awesome restaurants right next to each other. So what does that mean? Well, if you're like me.. that means when you are visiting the area and looking for awesome take-out, you just order from both places so you don't miss out! We ordered take-out from V Street, then headed next door to Wiz Kid, where I ordered the WK philly (the vegan version of a classic philly cheese steak). We were originally planning on taking this to our hotel to eat the meals from both restaurants but we decided to snag a table at Wiz Kid and eat our food there. The WK philly was ready under 10 minutes, and we self sat in a cute little table where we indulged in all the vegan goodies. I loved that they had regular ketchup and spicy ketchup as options. I went with the spicy and my mom had the regular. We split the hoagie and were both BLOWN away by the flavor. This was the best cheese steak I've ever had. The bun was so tasty, the "meat" tasted like real meat but BETTER because I didn't feel disgusting and overly full after I ate it due to the meat sweats and that gross greasy meat feeling in your tum. The "cheese" was so flavorful too! I honestly can't say enough about how good this sandwich was. The service was great too. I would come back here in a heart beat!I love Vedge and was really looking forward to Wiz Kid for vegan take-out in my neighborhood. Huge disappointment!  Very few healthy options! (Note: see all the reviews about the fries,). It may be tasty but I can't say because, as a healthy vegetarian, there was nothing appealing for me to order. I stopped in on several different occasions in the hope of finding some additional menu options, but no luck at all. Really too bad!Dudes.  Seriously... so good. So so soooo good.  The rutabaga fries are the most amazing thing ever.  The rutabaga cheese is better than any real cheese wiz I've ever had in my life.  The Reuben cheesesteak may or may not have also brought a tear to my eyes.  I mean,  this place is amazing.  The"pot holes" brownies. Holy crap. We ate one before we got our food.. ate,  left and turned around and went in and bought 2more. That didn't make it back to Jersey with us.   Don't judge me.  Try one, you'll see. I wish there was more seating,  but other than that, there's not one bad thing to say.  Some of the best vegan food we've had yet.  Thanks wiz kid!!The WK cheesesteak was fabulous. A lil salty. 
The Rueben cheesesteak was good too! 
Not at boring. Was fun to eat. Nothing heavy. Great service. 
Spoiler alert (no free refills) but tasty lemonade with rhubarb.WK is always consistent & delicious! I've basically tried everything on the small menu. The wiz fries have a really great rutabaga cheeze sauce, slightly spiced. KFT is so crunchy, the Thousand island dressing to too spicy for me, but they can hold it & the bun is sooo fluffy and flavorful. Vegan cheezesteak (hold the onions) has a fantastic combo of thinly slice mushrooms & seitan. My current fave rn is the chopped salad, it's so loaded up it will fill you up. The customer service here is tops, all the staff members are so cheerful and pleasant. If you get take away they prep your vegan noms fast!Let me start off by saying, I'm not a vegan. I gave this place a try because of how much I love vedge. Not only was it the best vegan cheesesteak I've ever had but it was one of the better cheesesteaks in the city period. Unbelievable and tastes cleaner than going to pats or jims for a pile of grease. It's a must try vegan of not !KFT was great. Perfect size for an indulgence without getting stuffed. Fries are some of the best i have had in CC; nice and browned and not grease laden.i really wanted to like this place. I got the Philly style one. it was soggy and super buttery for some reason. maybe it was the mustardy mayo sauce that was on it. pretty bland. I ended up picking through the other half after eating the first and just ended up throwing away half of it. I'll have to try the Komchi version next time...if I go back.Absolutely delicious, we came from Washington D.C. and tried it. If you're in Philly, you should definitely grab a bite and don't forget the cheez fries!This place was right near where I was staying, and it had been over a decade since I'd had a vegan cheesesteak in Philly (RIP Giannas), so I was really ready to enjoy this. Sad to say I just didn't like it: the sauce tasted strange to me, as did the "steak" which reminded me more of veggie beef /noodles in a vegan chinese food dish rather than a 
vegan cheesesteak.  I couldn't finish more than half, and I'm not known for leaving vegan junk food on a plate. Obviously, different strokes for different folks, some people in comments here seem to love it and say it's the best in the city and maybe their method of making this is more "refined" or something. But in my opinion, it just tasted gross and unappetizing. Mini desert (hubcap?) was OK, some little chocolate peanut butter thing, nothing special.  The best thing by far was the waterade (watermelon lemonade).I was going to rate a 4 because I'm definitely a fan. However, the people were so nice there so I give it a 5. I ordered the Philly, which is a vegan "cheesesteak" and my wife and I split the Korean fries. She ordered the cobb salad.  When we first walked in the people working there were super nice. My wife has a corn allergy so they checked the ingredients of each thing we ordered. They weren't put off by this and handled it very professionally and kindly. The Philly was awesome. Really filling with plenty of ingredients to fill the roll. I enjoyed every bite. The Korean fries were also excellent, but I got filled up by the Philly, I found it hard to eat all the fries.  My wife loved here salad, except for the tofu which she thought had a nice spice, but otherwise bland.  The pickled cauliflower was really tasty. The dressing was really good. 
The people at the place thanks us for coming and wished us a good day. A nice touch for a causal dinning experience.Not a vegan, but the "cheesesteak" was really good! I got the WK Philly with Rabe. It was big, messy, but not that greasy! I didn't leave feeling like a grease ball like I have after many cheesesteaks in the last, so I may visit this place frequently to enjoy vegan fast food.Their vegan cheese steak is amazing! The "cheese" is better than real wiz and I think I would prefer this sandwich over a meat cheese steak any day. It's been weeks since I was here and I'm still dreaming of the wiz!!! very chill atmosphere and small. They do serve a minimal amount of alcohol so it is a great place to start your night!Being a HUGE fan of v street, I was dying to try this place. Decided to order it off caviar one day and I was pretty happy with the results! Didn't taste too oily at all. Wiz Fries are a must - so delicious! Mushroom sandwich was my favorite one, very filling for all seitan and veggies!As a vegetarian/vegan for over 15+ years, this place is so worth the stop. I wish it was a little bigger, but it fit the bill for me, my wife and my 3 year old. DOPE Food, seriously I need this in Maryland.One word: Delicious
The sauce is amazing. The wk Philly is amazing. The fries are amazing. The bread is perfect. It's definitely worth the money. I didn't miss eating meat at all.Y'all, Wiz Kid has the best vegetarian cheesesteak ever, and it's just a bonus that it's vegan.
The Wiz Kid Philly (grilled mushrooms and seitan, fried onions, and rutabaga wiz) is so so so good. Having tried the rutabaga fondue at Vedge, I knew the rutabaga wiz would be great, but I was still so blown away by its deliciousness. The sandwich is super meaty and filling. 
I can't wait to go back and try other menu items, but let's be real - it's going to take a lot of willpower to not order the Wiz Kid Philly.Best vegan Philly cheesesteak ever! The owners of Wiz Kid Also own V street and Vedge, my two favorite vegan restaurants. They have outdone themselves with their vegan cuisines. I had the wiz kid philly and couldn't tell that it was not steak. The size was decent, I also got the KFT, however, ate it later so it wasn't as spectacular . The only reason this is four starts is because I felt both sandwiches could have used more sauce and also the guy at the counter wasn't that friendly. Good service matters!Went to Wiz Kid to order the WK Philly vegan steak.  I asked if they could substitute the bread for a lettuce wrap instead.  The cashier informed me that they could put it on a bed of lettuce given they like to cut up their lettuce.  I said ok. Boy...boy..oh BOY!!  Fantastic!!!!!!  It's made the same way as on the hoagie roll but on a bed of lettuce with the Wiz Cheese.  This is sooo good!Amazing. I don't live in Philly anymore, but I make a point to go here whenever I'm in town. If you live in Philly, you're so lucky to have this place as an option for delicious vegan food. Go and enjoy!Wonderful staff. Great whiz cheese!!  Thank you also for all the wonderful vegan recommendations, since we are moving to philly soonFirst experience here was unbelievably delicious. Ordered the WK Philly, the KFT, and Wiz Fries. If you're like me, and have been struggling to find a restaurant that serves anything besides Daiya vegan cheese, you need to go here and order Wiz Fries! So creamy you wouldn't believe it's dairy-free. Loved how the whole menu was vegan-friendly. Definitely the type of comfort food one craves, all in a crusty-free version! Am highly recommending this for everyone (meat-eaters included) to try it out!Visited Philly and of course we were craving a good vegan Philly Cheesesteak! We were not disappointed!! And the Reuben we tried was on point too! Tried several vegan versions of the Philly Cheesesteak and nothing compared to Wiz Kid's version!! They rock! And don't forget a side of fries w/ vegan cheese "wiz" topping! So good!So this is my second time at Wiz Kid! The first time was during the winter & I just had to come out in the cold to try their vegan WK Philly cheesesteak & what I remember is that it was so amazing but this time I came here with my (potential bae) lol because I had spoken about it for  past two days and I wasn't pleased at all. I'm not sure if Wiz Kid changed chefs or what but that Vegan WK Philly Cheesesteak was nothing like the one I had before. 
My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 
Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 5
Parking availability: 2
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5 
Bathrooms: yes, 5 
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 3 
Service: 5 
I even posted two photos below to showcase the difference between both times I've visited. The one from earlier in the year the seitan was darker & nowhere near this salty. The wiz fries were also more a cheese texture and taste; but the photo from May shows a much lighter seitan and the wiz fries looks like it's coated with mustard .
The WK Philly was extremely dry and salty I mean could there have been anymore salt on it. We also ordered the wiz fries and I don't remember it having a mustard tasting wiz on it. That definitely wasn't tasty at all. I was so disappointed that I had spoken highly about this place to others; only for it to taste like it was coated in salt. It seems I'm not the only person to think so hopefully they will look into their cooks & try to make it more tasty. 
Otherwise the ambiance is very causal, clean & friendly environment. I just wish their WK Philly cheesesteak fit the part.One of the best vegan cheesesteaks ever;that rutabaga fondue that I dream of, from Vedge, is on Wiz Kid's hoagies!I give my experience 3 stars  due to a couple of factors. First, the Wiz Fries needed to be cooked in fresh oil, the fries tasted a bit rancid. Second, the Wiz Kid steak was delicious and flavorful, however it was very light on the "steak", with just a thin layer of filling rendering the sandwich mostly bread. For $9 Wiz Kid needs to step it up and put more "steak" on the bread. 
The Philly fries were great, they were covered with wiz, broccoli rabe and long hots so I could not taste the rancid oil on these. I could tell by tasting the plain fries I ordered for my kids that the oil was not fresh.
 Overall great flavors, but the chefs, management or whoever is in charge needs to provide fair portions, and change the cooking oil through out the day. No shortcuts on quality.Fantastic! Super friendly cashier and amazing food. 
The WK philly is everything a vegan could want in a cheesesteak: grease, cheese, meat, and a bun to then dip into everything you've inevitably dropped/dripped. It's definitely more spiced/peppered than your typical cheesesteak, but I loved that about it. The okonomiyaki fries are just as messy and good, and you get a decent portion for $5. 
Bonus: they pack every to-go bag with a utensil set and their bags are just so darn convenient to carry/hold. 
Can't wait to try their ice cream!We had the cheesesteak and wiz fries.  The cheesesteak was average.  The fries were fresh and perfectly crispy but would have been better without the cheese sauce.Vegan lunch/dinner menu. Very casual and laid back atmosphere. The vegan philly cheese steaks are so good! The staff was very attentive and even helped us get a table when it was super busy and other customers were loitering and not getting up after they were finished eating. Great lunch spot overall.First cheesesteak I've had and it didn't disappoint! Delish! Friendly service, sweet little seating area. I sat and people watched while I enjoyed the yummy cheesesteak topped with spicy ketchup! Yum! Thanks WizKid! Oh and the service was fast and very nice!!Just got a Wiz Kid vegan Philly cheesesteak delivered from Caviar to my hotel, and it was one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. The rutabaga wiz is insane and tastes as much like cheese sauce as I can remember (vegan for 5+ years), and the seitan was crispy and meaty -- not at all squishy or chewy.
If you're vegan but want a taste of the Philly experience, don't hesitate. It was insanely good!Holy (no) cow. This place is the real deal when it comes to vegetables. The flavors are incredible and totally unique. I'm bold enough to say that both vegans and carnivores alike will enjoy this place. The rutabaga wiz tastes like traditional cheese wiz.  The trumpet mushrooms taste like roast pork. My only qualm is that the dressings are not evenly spread on the sandwiches, leaving a powerful punch only in certain areas or portions of the sandwich. Otherwise, food and service are spot on!I had their Vegan Cheese steak and it was very flavorful.  I recommend giving them a try.  You will think you was eating a real cheesteak.This place has the best vegan Philly cheesesteak I have ever had.  Definitely worth a visit!!Even if you're not vegan, you've got to try this spot.  They have the best vegan cheese steak in Philadelphia I've had so far.  I get it - it wont ever taste like a real cheesesteak, but you've gotta try it.  
And you've gotta try the okonomiyaki fries (super interesting Asian spices/sauces on well-cooked basket of fries).One word: Delicious
The sauce is amazing. The wk Philly is amazing. The fries are amazing. It's definitely worth the money. I didn't miss eating meat at all.Wiz Kid is a great fast casual option if you're looking for something different in Center City for lunch.  I got the KFT sandwich and Wiz Fries, both of which were tasty and filling.  The KFT is apparently one of their smallest sandwiches, but I thought it was totally reasonable in size, and the portion for the fries was generous.  I'll definitely be getting lunch here again!I had the Korean Fried Tempeh (KFT), which really hit the spot. It had kimchi, sriracha thousand island, and tomato. These fresh elements made the sandwich simultaneously comfort food-y and refreshing. My friend also ordered the okonomiyaki fries, which I got to munch on. I liked the fries, especially the nori topping, but they weren't as exciting as I expected. (Likewise for the wiz fries, which I tried a couple days later). 
The staff here are nice. They also have beer, so it was cool to hang out with my friend over some beers and good vegan comfort food.While my experience wasn't as phenomenal as the other Yelpers who reviewed Wiz Kid, but my food was average/good. 
I ordered their most popular dish "Wiz Kid Philly" with a side order of "Okonomiyaki Fries" and a "Pot Hole" cookie. The sandwich wasn't a home run for me and I came away expecting more--I've had better vegan Philly's outside of Philly. The sandwich was missing something, like maybe more cheese or maybe mayo? The seitan was nicely flavored but I think the sandwich missed the mark in total. The fries were recommended by an employee and these were a little gross to me--I didn't realize just how much nori they'd put all over them, but I don't think these this flavors meshed will with the sauces (for me) and the nori took over everything. Finally, the cookie was really good but it could have been better without the jelly. You can't please everyone, I suppose. Overall, my total was about $20 for all of this.
Kudos to them for offering vegan junk food. I'll give it another shot next time, but WK won't be first on my list. 
By the way, I also learned that Wiz Kid is owned by the creators of Vedge (the best vegan restaurant in the world).Great Philly cheese "steaks" and great French fries. Great for it being fast too. The friend with me eats meat and couldn't believe it wasn't meat.This was my first time trying a Philly steak! So glad I tried it from Wiz Kid! I had it delivered to my Airbnb so I was not able to see the store and feel the vibe out, 10/10 would recommend!Trash.com
That food was disgusting. 
Sandwich was drenched in grease. 
Fries were tasty. 
No onions in the cheesesteak, no flavors or special sauce. 
I'm really upset that I wasted money but my weekly cheat meal in this spot. 
You want an amazing cheesesteak?! V Life in NYC is the spot. 
This one right here?! An absolute disappointment.We had the Wiz Kid Philly (grilled mushrooms and seitan, fried onions, and rutabaga) and a side of fries. It was ready in minutes and tasted delicious - especially the seitan, which was very flavorful. There's also cool art on the walls.Grabbed a vegan cheesesteak...another great alternative to the legendary Philly Cheesesteak!!! Whiz Kid nailed it...Delicious and inspired vegan eats! I visited Wiz Kid for the first time last week and the KFT (Korean Fried Tempeh sandwich) made my mouth cry with happiness. It's a just-right amount of spicyness and zing, thanks to the house-made kimchee and sriracha thousand island dressing. I called ahead and my order was ready to pick up in less than 10 minutes. My only regret is that I didn't order more things to try. As always, Rich and Kate do not disappoint.The fake cheesesteak is so amazing. I go here every time I'm in Philadelphia. I *might* have even gone to Philadelphia so I could go back to this restaurant... just once or twice...
There's not a ton of room to sit, and the food is more exciting than the ambience. Might be a good place to get take-out if you're not by yourself.I've had crappy experiences at the other location, but this is hands down the best vegan cheese steak currently sold in philadelphia. The wiz fries are better with wiz on the side to prevent sogginess and congealing. If you're looking for a traditional reuben, you'll be v disappointed. I stick to the cheesesteak and KFT, which is basically a hoagie version of vstreet's korean tempeh tacos. Staff is great. And so is the ice cream!Wow! That Reuben was amazing! I was so surprised the texture of the Seitan was SO LEGIT! I wasn't expecting that from seitan. It the mushrooms and seitan were just like the traditional Philly cheesesteaks I remember. And omg, those fries, flavorful and fried to perfection. Aside from being a bit pricey for the sandwich and fries, it was really tasty! Definitely recommend!So so good! The cheesesteak is incredible. Scratch that, everything is incredible! Great prices, big portions, and delicious food - what more can you ask for?
If you're not a fan of mushroom, be aware that the cheesesteak is mushroom-heavy. Love the food, vibe, and value so much that I'm out here at least once a week. Easy to grab and go, and feel great afterwards! The hardest part is waiting the 5 or so minutes for my food and trying to wait before it cools to eat it (usually just eat it scalding hot). :) Keep it up, Wiz Kid!