Where do I begin? Moonstruck has my heart. &pizza is so convenient, quick and affordable. Never had any bad pizza there at all. Love the soda too!Fantastic pizza, great service, and tasty organic sodas make this new age pizza shop worth the stop! They serve thin crust flatbread style pizzas with the freshest ingredients I've ever had on a pizza. You can choose a pizza from their menu and then customize it to your liking. I highly recommend the Maverick with the spicy tomatoe sauce and the Hawaiian just the way it is. Make sure you get a taste of the soda. It is homemade with cane sugar and out of this world. We will be sure to stop by again.Amazing pizza for the cost and unlimited toppings. Super friendly service and delicious eats.  My only complaint was the music was extremely loud.  Very happy that they had the note on their website that the entrance was on 15th street - we almost missed it and thought it was one of the closed down buildings on Walnut.
Edited to Clarify:  We were hungover, so we might have been a bit sensitive to the music level.  Will definitely still recommend this place to everyone we know in Philly!I love this place. I lived in DC where &pizza was at and I got so excited when I found out they were coming to Philly. I hope they expand and open other locations. Build your own pizza is my favorite and I love how it fills me up but the thin crust doesn't make you feel too full. Also, I know &pizza used to do good for the community and for nonprofits in DC so I'm looking forward to them doing good things here too.I heard about this place through word of mouth. I ordered a Moonstruck online and went to pick it up at 1430 Walnut street and there is nothing there. I called and they are actually located on 15th street between Walnut and Chancellor. The pizza is tasty, but I don't know how they expect people to find them at this address.Stumbled in here yesterday for a quick bite and I must say, it was phenomenal. Not sure what was better the service or the food.  We were greeted upon entering the restaurant, offered food recommendations and even had the manager stop by to ensure our experience met their expectations. We cannot wait to stop back out and try the rest of the menu, but the "MOONSTRUCK" and the "AMERICAN HONEY" were absolutely outstanding!  Definitely should check it out!Hidden gem in Center City . First experienced it in DC and I'm so happy it's here in Philly . Fresh ingredients and open lateGreat pizza at a good price. Very thin crust with lots of toppings options. Always room to sit in but you can also easily take out. I feel that you get more bang for your buck here compared to other local design-your-own pizza places.I'm very particular about my pizza, probably slightly less than a New Yorker, but this was great. You can add as many toppings as you like, but be sure to grab a fork because they'll fall off. 
I made my own (traditional dough, classic tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, grilled onion, mushroom, spinach, and chicken with parmesan and balsamic finishes). Everything tastes fresh, and it was really good. The edges of the crust were crunchy, but not rock hard, but the center of the crust under the topping was soft. The toppings fall off easily if you're not careful. Good thing they have forks! 
I had a sweet mint "&tea," and it wasn't too sweet. They come in jars, which I thought was a little odd at first, but didn't really mind.
The only downside (reason it's not five stars) is the value for how much food you get. A pizza and iced tea were $13.75, but I left a little hungry. This doesn't happen at some other places you can get a meal for $13-15 at. The pizza was great, dough.Fast and efficient service. All ingredients are fresh and everything was delicious. You can either choose the main menu or make your own. I chose the OG with an added pesto sauce. Excellent.The pizza is just ok. The pizza assembly line needs to be re-evaluated. The process is very slow. They never have enough dough ready and they are very slow to put on toppings which they always get wrong. This was my second visit and the second time they did not get my order right.I first went to &pizza in the DMV, which I believe is where the originals started. My girlfriend and I would travel to DC, just to get this pizza so we were happy when Philly opened one! I am so glad the Philly establishment was not my introduction to this place - they need work and the pizza is not as good as the location in DC. So disappointing. The employees on the line are VERY stingy with the toppings, even when you ask for "extra" it is still as if they have been instructed to apply the toppings like robots - get the mozzarella cheese balls and they will literally break a piece of cheese per square. I had to ask for extra broccoli three times because it didn't cover my pizza. They put the sauce on the dough as if that little scoop of the silver spoon is going to stretch the sauce across the whole pizza, JUST PUT MORE SAUCE ON. I don't get it. I ordered a 13 dollar pizza (gluten-free costs 3 dollars more and is a smaller size) and I can't even get the toppings to cover my pizza without asking. Nothing like the original and they don't serve wine like the DC location. Also, the vibe is totally different, no need for the loud hip hop music, just serve good pizza, don't be stingy with toppings and don't have your employees applying toppings like robots. If you have never been to the establishment in DC, you might like this place, if you have, it will be a total disappointment. 
Other notes: I was told I couldn't get a to-go box if I was eating in ...huh? If I know I am not going to finish my entire pizza and I want to take it with me, how can you tell me I can't have a to-go box?Pizza was dank. Vegan cheese for the win. Jonathan, Amir and David are so good at their jobs and enthusiastic about giving good service. They were so helpful and seemed to love working here. How nice!There are several made to order personal pizza places popping up in Center City. In order to find out which one I like best I conducted an experiment. One evening I ordered the same pizza at both & and Snap around the corner. I tried to keep all things constant and ordered a pizza with pineapple, Italian sausage, and spinach. While I liked &pizza's crust and unique pizza shape, compared to Snap it just wasn't my favorite. I had an assistant help me with this experiment, so no I did not eat both pizzas by myself.
The second time we went to &pizza, we took advantage of the online ordering. They have a sign out front that says you can place your order online to avoid the line. We did just that and went to pick up our order 15 minutes later only to find the cashier hadn't processed it, so we waited anyway.Great pizza, 10 bucks gets you as many toppings (excluding proteins) as you would like. They have vegan ground beef and vegan cheese along with gluten-free crust (which doesn't taste like cardboard).  We had a Hawaiian pizza for we substituted vegan cheese and meat along with a mushroom pizza on gluten free crust. The latter was much tastier but both were pretty good and relatively large for the cost. Try it out!This was a great find after seeing a show at the Kimmel and heading home on the train.  Love the concept and the food was delish and VERY reasonable.So excited to have my favorite DC pizza joint in philly!!
Tip: they will do half and half pizzas, I definitely recommend trying different sauces. I personally love half spicy tomato half garlic. 
Great food, great staff (she cleaned EVERYTHING even though I just asked for new gloves since I'm a vegetarian. So nice and thoughtful) and GREAT location!! Love this addition, and how dangerously close it is to my apartmentI'm in love with this place. Finally a place where I can get vegan pizza with FRESH ingredients and unlimited at that! I got a fully loaded veggie pizza and could not be happier. This is totally going to be my place for my pizza fix and it's walking distance from my house. And they have a rewards program so for every 10 pizzas I get one free. Totally awesome! Hope it stays open forever.Really good pizza. Unlimited toppings for the craft your own pizzas. The sodas are really yummy. 
Of the hits, I have tried the following which are all good!
-the OG
-Moonstruck
-Gnarlic&pizza is hard to find on google so I had to find it on yelp.
They have whole grain pizza dough so that's a plus.
I can't eat there any more because theres something going on with the  pizza that aggravates my acid reflux. I elimate the cheese and the sauce and only get  mushrooms ,shrimps with a olive oil base. My chest hurts for a whole day after eating the pizza,  so it must be the dough .I do recommend  this place to others , but go early on weekends if you dont like crowds or waiting in line .After midnight and when the clubs close on weekends its a madhouse.best pizza in Center city! I did Craft Your Own pizza several times there, there is a wide range of dough, cheese, vege, protein and toppings to choose from and everything tastes good!I wish I could rate this place higher I really do because honestly the pizza was pretty good.
Pros: the pizza itself was delicious.  You can get all the toppings you want for one set price so that's also awesome.  I got the spicy tomato sauce with mozzarella, goat cheese and some veggies with chili oil on top.  It really was pretty darn good.  I definitely would want that pizza again.
Cons: the WAIT.  my boyfriend and I arrived at 7:15 and were catching an 8pm show at the Academy of Music, literally a two minute walk from this place.  We didn't order until 7:30 and there were only about four people in front of us.  We waited another 15 minutes for our pizza and had to shovel it in our face before going to catch our show.  We did not anticipate this to take this long as I have been to snap pizza multiple times and this has never happened.  I think they got too many online/take out orders that the people in line suffered and there isn't enough staff working.  They really should fix this.  However, I will say that girl at the cash register was very apologetic and gave us our drinks for free which we appreciated and was a nice way to make up for what they did!The place looks neat, clean and organized. Pizza is good, I like the fact that the calorie count on ingredients  ( if you want to build your own pizza ) and the specialty pizza are posted and it allows you to make decisions so I don't feel bad of eating just pizza. usually when it comes to pizza is always a trade off with nutrition/Calories vs Taste and flavor. This place allows you to feel not as guilty if you eat pizza.  I couldn't see if they're offered on their sodas a sugar free options so watch out if you're getting soda and watching your calories.  
The staff interactions were just ok, the  guy that helped me offered me stuff at the end SO Fast that I just said yes cuz it seem that he was a little hyper; My husband and I went there while he was  going to the bathroom he was scolded by this employee reminding him that bathrooms were for customers only. I understand it's CC lots of tourist but if thats your first impression of the city I think it will potentially damage a customer experience.  We live around the  block so the comment about the bathroom felt out of place, besides we were customers and there was only us and another couple.
 I still rate this place high because of the stuff I mentioned before and affordability.We discovered & Pizza in Washington DC and have loved it ever since! Never been disappointed! Love the atmosphere. Best pizza I've had! Please add other locations to the Philadelphia area.Build your own pizza style. The shape and cut of the pizza is definitely unique and new. Great portion size and was filling. This place is huge and has plenty of seating. It has a very minimalistic chic vibe to it, which I love. I ordered the hawaiian pizza, but I was not impressed flavor wise, the red onions are pickled (gets a little bit of getting used to).We were in town and pregnant Wife wanted a quick snack. Perfect!! Great crust, fresh ingredients and funny people. We'll for sure be back!Great food. Friendly staff. Make sure to try the ginger lemonade it's great! And one other tip - the pepperonis and sundries tomatoes here are best in class.So good! Customizable flat bread pizza heaven. Especially when I'm not one to craze pizza fir comfort food, this stuff is exceptional!Devan made my pizza and she gave me great conversation also!! I've never been here before, but the fact they let you put whatever you want on your pie is fucking amazing to me!! If the pizza is anything like their customer service, I'll definitely be back!!!
Uh so ok, I got carried away. Carmelized onions, mozzarella cheese shredded, sausage, spicy marinara sauce, chicken, broccoli. If I left anything out, forgive me I was high when I ordered it. This shit is good af though and big as shit!! Get yo ass there and get some pizzaThe pies here are highly customizable and the toppings are endless. Still great quality and crispy crust! Workers here are super nice and same with the management! David is the coolest.. 
I got 2 specialty pizzas, the blue print and le
Royal. Check out my photos!!It doesn't get any better than this place. A staple in DC now it's in Philly. Taste is amazing, options are too and the customer service was greatI hosted a speed meet & greet event &pizza for about 15 people (though we could've hosted about 40 people comfortably). The team there is super flexible and let us reserve the 5 middle tables for 1.5 hours with no fee (if you'd like to BYOB, you'd need to pay to book the place out). David was incredibly helpful. I put in an order of about 20 pizzas about 5 days in advance and he had the entire order correct and everything (including the custom-made orders) out on time! The place was a nice place to mix and mingle and the food was delicious. They are also gluten-free, dairy-free, and vegetarian-friendly with all their options, which was a huge plus. I would definitely recommend 1) ordering pizza from here, and 2) hosting an event here.Best pizza in town . I. ever had pizza like this on any other place. Fresh and organic mix is the bomb .A really great option for lunch.. I work nearby and have tried out a few of their pizzas. Lots of space, quick and good food. Staff is very friendly! Thanks for hosting us today!I thought this place was pretty good.  Met some friends here right after work around 5:15pm and it was empty.  I like that we get to choose our toppings and sauce according to our own tastes, they stick it in the oven, and within minutes, the pizza is done.  The restaurant has a nice environment, and its clean with good service.The pizza tastes exactly like it does in dc so that's awesome. The atmosphere is very different tho. I feel that companies who come into new areas try so desperately to capture the local culture but always goof on it. It had a very clinical feel with all black and white and the music was deafening. So pizza 5 stars, atmosphere 1, which is why I can only give 3 stars overall.Loved the experience from the beginning. Walked in, got greeted and helped with the menu. Their toppings were great, go for the goat cheese. Make sure you try the mango-passion Fruit soda...last but not least, the dessert pizza is a MUST.The toppings are unlimited, which is nice, and they have gluten free cheese, which is a plus for those who don't eat dairy. Dough is freshly made, and for each pizza, you decide how many toppings you want. The sky is the limit! 
Added bonus! Management is very nice and helpful! I had a situation, which they were able to assist. Thank you!! I appreciated that very much!! 
Parking can be tough, and it is not directly on Walnut St..You have to make a left of 15th and Walnut, and you'll find it down the street. Address is 1430 Walnut, but it's off Walnut St...Enjoy!!!First and last time here. Pizza is terrible! Not an ounce of flavor. Literally - not a grain of salt. I can only blame myself for being cheap and not going to vetri around the corner.This place is chill. It has the most friendly staff and a great atmosphere that is hip and modern. I recommend any of the items on the menu and the soft drinks are to die for. I would give 100 stars if I could. Great job &pizza!I have been here a couple of times the food is always great there's one person that takes my order and that's Taneisha funny respectful very nice employeeKinda like a Chipotle for pizza. You tell the nice people at the counter what pizza you want, you go through an assembly line and they run your oblong pie through a toaster oven conveyor belt. 
Not necessarily my first choice for a meal in this area, but the pizza is perfectly acceptable if you want some quick, fresh and affordable, plus the selection of teas and cold beverages is nice.This pizza is the bomb.com ! Fresh and yummy ! The people are awesome as well and super nice ! Even to the most annoying and difficult customer like myself ;) thanks!Stopped here for lunch between setting up for an event and attending said event. The restaurant is very clean and organized. There were a few people in line before us but the line moved very quickly. The pizzas are all customizable and even their standards you can omit ingredients or add to them. They are delicious and reasonably priced. I ordered the Gnarlic but omitted the basil pesto. They also had Milk bar cookies on the counter that I highly recommend.Great pizza to try something different! The chipotle of pizzas. What seemed like unlimited free toppings turned my boring pizza into a masterpiece. The ambiance is fire too. If parking wasn't so bad, I'd come here oftenWhat a great experience! First, I absolutely loved the customer service. Each person at their station greeted me and were willing to help. Then Dave (who I think was a manager?) checked on me to make sure I enjoyed my pizza. That speaks volumes to a business. Having worked in the service industry, it's nice to see someone who cares about what they do. The ingredients were fresh, the vibe was cool, and the service excellent. You can customize your own, but I recommend the Maverick. Meat Lovers Delight!Awesome flatbreads that are made to order with fresh ingredients VERY quickly. Interior is clean and stylish, menu is simple yet impactful, and the staff is extremely friendly. Definitely would recommend to anyone hanging out in center city.Really good personal pizza for an affordable price. I walked by this place and was intrigued by its black modern interior and decided to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. The gluten free crust was crispy, with a soft interior and the toppings were all very fresh and tasted great. I highly recommend the spicy tomato sauce. It started out sweet and had a little kick of spice on the end which made for an interesting combo.We were so excited to try &pizza after reading the fabulous yelp reviews and being recommended by a cashier at LUSH.  Unfortunately, we were disappointed with our experience here at &pizza.  The concept of making your own pie was fantastic, but being the jersey girls and pizza snobs that we are,  we found a few things disappointing. Most importantly, the sauce needs work...it tasted like a bad brand-named jar that was picked up off the shelf of an unpopular food market.   Suggestion to get back to basics and revamp the sauce recipe. The pesto wasn't half as bad, but not near good. Other than the overall concept and price, this was a disappointing experience.Went here earlier in the week and got one of the specialty pizzas- the Moonstruck. The pizza tasted pretty good(they definitely didn't skimp on the mushrooms), but it also wasn't incredible. Overall, I think it's a solid cheaper dining option.Have nothing but great things to say about this place. The staff has incredible interpersonal skills, John is always very friendly, and embodies the notion exceptional customer service. Along with the manager Sam. Amazing staff amazing food! Highly recommend this place.I like &pizza! They feature a couple pizzas or you always have the option to create your own with as many toppings as you would like! I recently tried the le royal, which is now my new favorite! It's Luke French onion soup on pizza! They have great hours and are open late. Only thing they could improve on, is staff. The line is always so long when I go and it doesn't always move quickly.Great first "&pizza" experience on Tuesday with my friend Megan! Manager Natalie helped Megan and I navigate through the whole process of pizza picking. She recommended the spicy chick peas and they were DELICIOUS!! Wow! We will be visiting Natalie again very soon with more friends!After my last review describing my disappointed in my pre-ordered pizza being cold when I picked it up and  saying that was unacceptable  (I had ordered one the week before and that was fine), I was messaged by a manager who agreed that it certainly was not acceptable and that he would take steps to rectify the pre-ordering system.  I told him, I would try again and I did. I am happy to say the pizza was hot and fabulous.  I designed my own with garlic ricotta, mozzarella, grilled onions, mushrooms, tomatoes and balsamic drizzle.  And while the pizza was excellent, what was even better is management that cares.& pizza is exactly what you are picturing. Chipotle style pizza. Unlimited toppings and all I had were good quality.
Service was fantastic. Our pizza took a few extra minutes to cook so the manager gave my girlfriend and I free pizza receipts for our next visit. So nice.
The dough was solid for a custom pizza place that cooks in a minute. Spicy tomato wasn't as spicy as I would have liked but overall very good place and I recommend.I have celiac disease and this place has never made me sick. The pizza is always yummy, fresh and fast.Wanted to get a quick bite before the opera at The Academy of Music and found &Pizza. Excellent!  Quick service, squeaky clean space & everyone was super nice and welcoming. We got the Gnarlic and customized it - De-lish!!  Stop by for fresh toppings and fun drinks.  Great location - proximity to Ave of the Arts. two thumbs upUpdate: After my first review, the manager invited me and a small group of friends who had never been to the restaurant so they could try it. I do believe reviews should be based first and foremost on food quality, but it's a big plus that the manager and staff are so caring about their customers and image. 
Again, the pizzas were great. We tried the farmers daughter (a breakfast pizza with eggs and drizzled with hot sauce) which quickly became my new favorite. The gnarlic, which had a white sauce base with garlic sauce and pesto, was also delicious with a strong but now overpowering garlic taste. Among a couple others we tried, only the pineapple jack, their version of a Hawaiian pizza, was unremarkable. However, across the board the ingredients were still fresh and the pizzas tasty with just the right amount of crispiness and balance of dough, sauce, and flavorful toppings. 
Also worth a mention were the teas: the unsweetened lemongrass white peach tea was super refreshing and according to my friend "like drinking a flower" (in a good way!). While their sweet tea was also good, if you're a fan of teas that aren't pumped with sugar to the point of being basically soda, I'd definitely give it a try.Dave is the reason I love this place! So much energy and great food! The best pizza in the city award goes to these guys.Tasty pizza, good price, sophisticated vibe. Got the Gnarlic pizza with some grilled chicken and loved it. Will be backWhat a great spot! This is a chipotle style place where you pick your dough, pick your toppings, then they bake it and at the end there are more toppings and sauces you can add. (Think balsamic vinegar, pesto, chili oil, more hot sauces, and some others. 
I went in and ordered the classic OG with jalapeños. (I was a little surprised they didn't have regular onions and green peppers.) I added chili oil, pickled onions, and on everything and pesto on half once the pizza was baked. Delicious! I was starving so I went with items I already knew I would like. 
I would like to get back and try the ancient grain dough. I had not noticed that they had that until I had already ordered. Can't wait to try more of the combinations later!Great pizza quick and easy. Staff was friendly and efficient. Overall good experience!Some of the best pizza in Philly!!!! The ingredients are so fresh and yummy! I tasted many of the pizzas they offer and each one is better than the next! I can't wait to come back and try a new one!Met up with a friend on her lunch break and we decided to stop in to &pizza since it's located near her building. First of all, when you walk into this place, you can't help but notice the really cool atmosphere and decor. There is a black and white theme going on and the walls are hand painted too! Next, the place was absolutely spotless...like I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant this clean in my entire life - huuuge bonus points for that. 
My friend got the American Honey pizza and I opted for a "make your own" pizza with chicken, bacon, broccoli, and basil pesto! I asked how many toppings I could get and was shocked to find out it's unlimited! How amazing is that?! The service was quick, the pizzas were cooked to perfection, and there was plenty of seating. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was how loud the music was...although we liked the music choices, it was hard to hear my friend talking and she was sitting right across from me! 
I'll definitely be back again but next time, we might just get out pizzas to go.Great pizza with Even greater ingredients... goat cheese should be added to every pizza... the best cheeseAnd pizza. Maybe it should be called "Pizza And Everything Else" because this pizza comes before, and is better, than so many things. 
After hearing the hype of &Pizza coming to Philly and trying it in Baltimore, I was invited to come in and try some of their pizzas with a few friends. We opted for a sampling of the hits versus each picking out an individual order. 
Dreams do come true, pizza lovers. After trying 5 savory pies and a dessert pie, I have to start by calling out the consistency in the crust. Not only was the actual texture and consistency good, the product was good consistently. Not to quote Goldilocks and the three bears, but the crust was just right. Not too thick, but not too thin. Not too crispy, but not too doughy. It didn't overwhelm any of the toppings, but it stood out on its own as delicious. 
As far as toppings, the Gnarlic was my favorite. I'm biased though. Pesto and garlic are two of my favorite things. There was garlic in the ricotta and garlic in the sauce. Add mozzarella, grilled onion and parmesan and I'm in love. The execution on this pie was done right. 
I actually really liked the Moonstruck too. If you've ever read my reviews, you know that I'm not too keen on mushroom. However, the other ingredients featured goat cheese (my lover), fig balsamic and truffle oil (I know, I know...it's mushroom). Not only did I try it, I really liked it. 
The Maverick was probably my next favorite. Again, they had me at pesto. Add a touch of pesto to salami, pepperoni and Italian sausage, and you really have a great meat lover's combo. 
Last but not least (because everything can't be listed first, right?) was the OG and Pineapple Jack. The executions were both excellent, however the other toppings happen to resonate with me better. It's MY Yelp review, I can be as biased as I want. 
In its own (dessert) category was the Lori Lane. I like that the same crust was used with the sweet toppings. Perfect sweet/savory-ish combo. It was essentially a berries and sweet cream flavored pie. I challenge you to not blow sugar everywhere if your friends make you laugh while eating this pizza. Powdered sugar can be very dangerous, don't you know. 
&Pizza also makes their own sodas. I tried some of the Ginger Berry Lemonade and the Mango+ Passion Fruit. They were refreshing and delicious, but unfortunately lacking an adult beverage component. That is probably the only part of &Pizza that's lacking, but to no fault of theirs. 
Justin and the rest of the staff were on their A-Game. They were friendly, professional and brought the pies to us fresh out of the oven. I truly appreciate the hospitality of &Pizza. 
Without a doubt, I'll be back. Watch out, "craft your own." I see some fun adventures in my future.Perfect portion sized pizza. Great preparation, quick service, and good location in the city. Best of all- they had vegan cheese AND vegan beef as topping. $10 is not too bad for a pizza in center city. The seating is very open and you can look out into the busy street and enjoy your pizza.Amazing Pizza!! Definitely going to go back tomorrow. I do have one major issue - it's the pizza box. It has '202' smack dab in the center a.k.a Washington DC area code. F Washington, F the Redskins. Change it to 215. Go Birds.Who doesn't want to be able to control every aspect of their pizza? This place is great - you can try all different combinations even details such as certain toppings in certain sections of your masterpiece. Added bonus - the guy making your pizza was fun and not annoyed by all the customizing requests. The chickpeas you can add to your pizza is a unique find and delicious add. Only con of the restaurant: they wouldn't give you a glass for water...which I thought was bizarre.I've been to build-your-own pizza places before, but &pizza is my new favorite! I love that they offer different types of dough and cater to gluten-free and vegetarian/vegan eaters. I ordered a build your own pizza with ancient grain dough, garlic and basil pesto sauce, shredded mozzarella, roasted red peppers, spinach, vegan sausage, and topped it off with arugula, garlic oil, and parmesan. The pizza was amazing and filling! The sauce and garlic oil masked the taste of the vegan sausage, but I picked a piece out to try and I'd do without it next time ..I went to this establishment two nights and was very happy with my meal! The manager Natalie was very helpful and helped my friend and I. I had never been to this place before but I will definitely be coming again!Awesome and creative personal sized pizzas. Fast service! Had me in and out quick. Had the dirty bird wich is a buffalo chicken style pizza. I would get it again.Delicious pizza!  The crust is just crusty enough, and the staff was quite pleasant.  It's a beautiful thing to see good pizza in the Rittenhouse area at last!  Welcome to the neighborhood, &pizza.  I love you already.I love this place. Personal pizza, craft soda, and goooood service! I would eat here everyday if I could!Great place for customized pizza. Kinda like chipotle where you go down the line and add the ingredients. For a customed pizza, it's a flat rate if $10. Service is nice and quick. Place is trendy and popular during lunch.Awesome! Made to order, and delicious every time! Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, and delicious pizza! Nothing better! The manager (Dave?) is amazing!Nice staff + good pizza = happy stomach (^_^)
Always like to come in here and enjoy the atmosphere. Pizza toppings are fresh and the ginger berry lemonade is awesomeI went there last night specifically for gluten free pizza because it's one of the few places that carries it. PLUS I had heard such great reviews (I mean I packed my toddler up, convinced dad to come too, paid for expensive parking, etc...) only to find that they were out! The level of disappointment was super frustrating. And my 7 month pregnant belly was doing backflips.  please don't advertise if you don't carry it! Or maybe I should have called firstI must tell you first that I took part in their promotional get a & tattoo and win free pizza. I did get the tattoo for I am a true pizza lover. Last night I checked into &pizza and the pizza was great! We had the meat lovers, traditional and the yummy berry dessert pie. The craft sodas have so much flavor (try them all) the place is super clean and well lit. The staff was so friendly and kind. I'm definitely recommending & Pizza  enjoy!!Who doesn't love a good customizable pizza?
Even if you're a pick eater, guess what - you get to choose whatever you want as your toppings so theoretically, you can't go wrong. And it's the same price ($9.73 plus tax) regardless of how many or few toppings you'd like, so feel free to get creative! And if you're not feeling very innovative, they have pre-made options that you can eat or work off of as well. 
The pizzas are a very good size too; if I'm hungry I can finish the entire thing (even though it feels like I've jam packed that pizza up to my nose inside), but if I'm not too starved, I can save a bit for later. I would give it a full five stars, except that the last two times I was there, the servers were not the most friendly and you kinda have to interact with them in order to tell them what toppings you want. On the other hand, I do love that it's got spacious long tables to accommodate groups, which is more difficult to find easily in CC. 
All in all, solid spot!