Great sushi place! My boyfriend and I went for Valentine's day and had an excellent dinner. We're used to ordering several rolls, and we did not anticipate how large the rolls would be (they're pretty large). Everything was delicious. Neither of us tried sake before, and the waiter was very helpful with suggestions. I decided I am not a sake fan, but I was happy to give it a try. 
Beyond the food, the restaurant has a fun atmosphere! I highly recommend this restaurant.I expected better. Based on other reviews I was willing to go with higher prices in exchange for some really good sushi, but honestly it was disappointing. The money part is not even really a factor in my review since I was there on business expenses.
The interior of the restaurant is very nice and the menu seemed interesting. I had no problems with the service, as others have reported. Immediately as I was seated I was asked if I wanted a drink and it was brought over immediately. After ordering, my sushi came about as quick as I would have expected anywhere else.
I ordered three rolls (I'm a big eater) - the rainbow roll, soft shell crab roll and "dark horse" roll, which was a eel based roll that was deep fried. Presentation on all the rolls was very nice. The dark horse roll was advertised as having a spicy sauce drizzled on it, but to be honest it was just flat and bland - not much flavor at all. In fact, none of the rolls had much flavor. Even the wasabi seemed bland - I dumped the entire dollop into the soy sauce. I started getting the feeling that maybe my taste buds died, but I verified that they were still in working order afterwards with some dessert elsewhere.
I don't visit Philly that much, but I'm pretty sure if and when I do return I won't be in a big hurry to come back to this place.Went to a party in their hidden outdoor space. Hard to find outdoor spaces in Philly. You walk through a doorway between buildings, and the space opens up in the middle of the block. Great vibe. The sushi was pretty good, with interesting drink specials.I have been to raw twice, and both times I was only at the bar. The bartenders are great. They were helpful, and attentive. Their sushi was good, but a little overpriced for what it was. I had fun but I wouldn't come back for a meal.The place has a great atmosphere and ambiance. It's a modern looking contemporary style restaurant.Perfect for dates.
The food was very good. I had a green tea,  which tasted very good!
To eat we got some Makis. A Black Horse and a Salmon one. The black horse is pretty big and is made with eel! I loved the taste! 
The price was fair for a japanese restaurant trendy like this. 
If you stay with the Makis you won't spend as much as some of the reviews say.  
Overall, the experience we had was very pleasant. The only side note is that the tables might be too close to each other and can break the privacy a bit.This is a review of their happy hour only. I've never eaten dinner there and the plates that were being passed around to some of the tables looked pretty decent, so maybe the food there is actually really good. 
I went there with a friend right before going to see a show, and we ordered one of each of the four happy hour food specials to try. We got four of the tiniest California rolls I have ever seen for $3, which was not a deal by any means since you can normally get 8 pieces for $6....Same with the spicy tuna roll. The steamed shrimp shumai were each about the size of a Rollo candy and had no actual chunks of shrimp in them, and the pork gyoza tasted like deep fried versions of the Trader Joe's gyoza at $1 per bite. Pretty disappointing to say the least...
My friend liked her Pink Bubbly, which tasted pretty refreshing, but we also couldn't taste any alcohol in it. Needless to say, we won't be back for happy hour ever again.Really terrific sushi. Served fresh and with great presentation, Raw has a pretty decent sized menu, and the chefs are always accommodating when it comes to tweaking rolls. It is a bit on the expensive side, but that is expected of a trendy Center-City restaurant. My only real gripe is that the service can be lacking at times, usually during the weekends when the place is packed. But even that is easily forgiveable, given the top of the line eats.Visiting Philly for a friend's birthday & she had plans of going to the Mexican restaurant down the street. We show up at 6:30 to the Mexican spot and it quickly becomes clear that there was a misunderstanding regarding reservations & were now out a plan for my friend's 10 person birthday dinner. The entirety of the street is expectedly filled up with waits & reservations. We're screwed..... we start walking towards a bigger street when we lose some of our group that accidentally went the wrong way. Thank god they did because soon my friend calls and says 1222Raw or whatever the name of this place is was able to accommodate us. We were nervous walking over but the second we step foot into the beautiful entryway everyone's stress went away. We waited for about 20 minutes and then got sat in the back room where we were able to share one long table and have lots of privacy-- turned out better than we could've expected! Alex was our server and he was friendly and patient with our hungry group, and went thru his favorite cocktails several times for those of us who were indecisive. Our group split the table so half of us split a bunch of small plates and the other half ordered for themselves. Alex was happy to create two separate checks which saved us a lot of time and effort when paying. Cocktails were yummy and strong, food was flavorful (pork gyoza & pork belly buns were awesome apps and the fried rice ROCKED.) They even brought the birthday girl fried green tea ice cream at the end of our meal (one of my friends said that they had run out of candles and went to buy some just for this!!!) Honestly so grateful we stumbled across this place & I would definitely recommend it for large groups. Thank you to the staff for making my friend's birthday dinner easy & special!!!!This was my second time at Raw and I have to say I will not be coming back. We ordered the Royal Sushi, which was a combo of sushi and sashimi. The rolls were decent, but overall the quality and freshness of the fish was not great. Maybe it was because we went on a Monday, but the fish was definitely not the freshest.  Although the service and ambience was nice, we will definitely be checking out other sushi places in the city.I loved this place! The staff were friendly, the food was good. Great happy hour menu. What else can I say? This is a must stop by the next time I am in town. There were other places in town. I'm glad we chose here.Food was decent (i've had WAY better), but the service was what ruined it all. 
I dont know if they were just seriously understaffed or the staffing that they do have currently just sucks. Everything is a wait. We waited nearly 20 minutes before they even took our orders. And when they finally did take our orders it took forever to even get a plate of sushi! It's just sushi! It should not take that long. I would understand if the restaunt was packed, but that was not the case.
I wouldnt recommend anyone going here unless they enjoy nice decor and that's it. That's all they really have to offer. Would i return again? Probably not.Was there this past saturday for dinner and the meal was alright but nothing to rave about.  The inside is to cramped and all of the tables are basically touching each other(except for the booths).  Reminded me of an italian byob in that way and i wasnt really into it as i want to talk to my wife and not have to listen to the people next to us complain about how their groupon tasting menu wasnt accepted because they didnt mention it when they made the reservation.  Edamame was good and a big portion (just wish they added mixed the salt in as opposed to the ones on the top only having it).  Spicy tuna was good, eel and avocado was lacking flavor as there was very little eel.  The beef stir fry udon noodles were not very good.  Beef was seriously overcooked.  Decent meal but there are definitely better places to go in the area.I go here for lunch and I LOVE the lunch special. The amount of food that you get is insane especially considering it costs around $14. The staff is alright; it's been good sometimes and poor other times. I love the atmosphere and that they have an outside patio for more pleasant days.Tried this place on a whim, but the food was terrible. The edamame tasted like it just came out of the freezer, the spicy tuna rolls were all spicy mayo and almost no tuna, the chicken in the chicken teriyaki was rough and difficult to chew, and the broccoli was cold. The rice was okay, but how hard is it to get rice correct? Will never go backOK sushi place in Center City with a cool vibe. 
Ambiance: 
1225Raw has a low-key, relaxed vibe. The lounge is dark with some nice accents like the cartoony menus and the red napkins which greet you at your seat. Different in a good way. 
Food:
The sushi here is pretty good. Won't blow your mind but it will tame any sushi cravings you might have. Spicy mayo has a great kick. 
Drink:
One of the few places I can find Sapporo on draft which is a big plus! Cocktails are fun and tasty. The restaurant has a small Sake selection as can be expected. No real wine list but doesn't surprise me given the casual atmosphere. 
Service:
Service is where 1225Raw struggles. While the hostess seated us promptly, she did not offer to take our coats of attempt to make any conversation. Our waiter, while nice, was not very attentive. My beer sat empty for several minutes before I had to motion for a refill. The worst offense, however, is that when he brought me my order of the Chefs choice sushi he walked away before even explaining what he had served me! 
Value:
This is a safe bet for affordable sushi in Center City, however the service is not up to par for a sit-down restaurant.Sushi was good, a little fishy.  Donburi was amazing. Highly recommend. Back room had great atmosphere, nice place for a date night. Proportion in the Uni bowl was nice. Also made a mean dirty martiniA great little hidden spot on Sansom, squeezed in between numerous Irish bars. My friends and I spent the night hanging out in their little outdoor space which was very comfy and well attended by the staff. A great Saki selection along with a great range of sushi and sashimi choices as well. I will definitely be going back here in the future!I'm not a sushi person, but I came to raw with a friend, everything I tried wasn't as scary as id thought. The veggie and rice stuff was good too. Slightly over priced stuff here though.Raw is a chic Sushi lounge on Sansome in the heart of the Financial, COnference district in downtown Philly. They have a cool patio, great lighting, really rad bathrooms downstairs, and a great sake list. Food was pricey, but not astronomical. 
Sushi was very strong for the East Coast. The seaweed salad was tasty buit very small. The raw platter I ordered was pretty standard mix of maki, nigiri and sashimis, all of which were good, none of which were great. The spider roll was unreasonably chunky and a bit hard to eat. Sushi was a tad warmer than I like, but was not gross warm. 
This would have been a three, but the service was killer. The barkeep/waiter Sean was really cool, good conversation and had lived like everywhere I have (SF, Boston, etc.) He made a great saki recommendation that paired very well with the meal.  
Great date place, good client dinner, just a solid overall environment that isnt as insane or "See and be seen" as Morimoto.Really good sushi spot in Philly. They have a fantastic happy hour menu, which would be a good move as the regular menu is very expensive. The service was pretty good all around and the drink selection is extensive. Overall, I would come back if it was during happy hour. I feel like you can go to other sushi places for dinner and pay a lot less and receive a similar quality in the sushi.Came to Philly from CT for a weekend trip. A friend recommended the place for the green monster roll (i think that's what it was called). I got the roll as well as the dragon combo lunch special. Loved the rolls and would come back.Went late Saturday night for a light dinner. The sushi, miso soup, and lobster spring rolls were very good. Wine and service was as well. The atmosphere was very dark, that was the only downfall for me. Looking forward to returning during lunch with coworkers.I was pretty disappointed with this place :( from the pictures and reviews I thought it was going to be amazing and was so excited & looking forward to it. We had dinner here while on a sexy weekend trip to the city &the atmosphere was descent but much smaller than expected. The food was OKAY but not as good as I expected. The prices aren't exactly competitive and the staff was the weirdest part about the whole experience! They were just loitering around the bar all night, chatting loudly and when I asked a question & to be waited on they simply  told us "they didn't do that" WHAT!? The seats were filthy as well! Will not return. The best part of the whole experience was the cute bartender lol.This was my third time here. My third visit was on a rainy Friday. Food there was good. The Rock shrimp for appetizer was pretty addicting. Every bite reminded me of eating Pringles chips, Crunchy and can't stop eating it. Don't remember the rolls I ordered but it was tasty too. The server was friendly and helpful. She recommended the rolls and I was not disappointed. This might not be the best sushi place in town but it's worth a try.Went during happy hour. Their menu is super affordable! Great service, the restaurant was also really cool-looking. Will be returning soon. The Kani salad is a must!My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary, and honestly, we would have had a better experience if we had gone to my favorite restaurant, Toyko 1613 (1613 Walnut St.).  The decor at Raw is very nice, but the hood ends there.  Except for their miso soup which was absolutely delicious, dark, and savory.  The sushi was not good.  On par with mall sushi.  Seriously.  The space is cramped, and we were sitting elbow to elbow with other patrons... Hardly the romantic, intimate atmosphere we were hoping to share on our special night. The green salad's dressing is completely inferior to toyko's. I ordered the shrimp tempura roll, and it was so bland.  The presentation was non-existent.  The rolls were just stacked on a plain white plate, with wasabi and ginger in sad little balls on the edge.  The tempura was not crispy, or hot, which screams pre-made to me.  My boyfriend's sweet potato tempura was DISGUSTING... it was cold, and again, not crispy or hot.  My boyfriend expressed his dislike to the waitress, and was just told "Oh, I'm sorry".  No attempts to remedy the situation were made, and she avoided us for the rest of our dinner, instead sending another waitress to clear empty plates, refill our water, etc.  We decided to skip the main entree altogether and left.  Very disappointing.  I will not return.  If you want fresh, beautifully presented food, and want some ELBOW room...  go to Tokyo on 16th and Walnut.  It won't break the bank, and the sushi is the best I've ever had .2nd time ordering. only had the sushi. very solid sushi place. apparently they have a delightful courtyard in the back that they open up when the weather is nice. will definitely be a consistent customer and will recommend to others.Had dinner here on Valentine's Day and had a great experience! We had an 8PM reservation and were seated shortly after. The overall ambiance of Raw was great and we had great service. We ordered the wasabi pork shumai which had quite a kick, but were excellent. We tried the White Tiger roll and the spider roll. The White Tiger was excellent and the spider roll was decent. We also tried a sake sampler which included four different types of sake. Their cocktails were also good.Great spot for sushi. The fish tasted fresh and the service was great! We ended up getting a couple rolls with spicy tuna and each was unique and as delicious as the other. They have a great selection of regular and house rolls.Great sushi and their outdoor area is really great for happy hours. When SIPS is happening it gets really packed but it's really worth it. It's also good for groups or date night.I used to love this place.  Only reason I am even going 2 bells is because I still cant believe this is what Raw has become.  What happened?   I have been there 2xs in the last month...paid 20+ for a specialty roll (4 for 2 people so 80 in rolls) and it was a rice ball.  Cant believe thats what has happened at Raw.  Service was awful.  I asked for a wine list and the server acted like I was asking for ketchup at a Sushi restaurant.
Sad day.  Guess its time for me to find a new go to Sushi spot.Great atmosphere. Always fun. Food is good. Service is good. Not necessarily spectacular but consistent!!Where oh where to begin.. This is probably one of the more recent reviews of Raw Lounge. I have been here twice and neither time left a wonderful rosy impression upon me. 
Food: I do have to admit that this is pretty decent sushi. The first time I went, my fiancee and I agreed that this was probably in our top 5 as far as quality. Osaka in Chestnut hill is better in our opinion. Raw's food isnt bad at all, but it wont be a transcendental experience by any means. 
Service: Downright horrible. This place is trying so hard to be trendy that they have ignored fundamental people and service skills. The first time we went, we were at least seated promptly, however the waitstaff was incredibly slow and essentially nonexistent. I was halfway considering canceling my order, paying for our drinks and leaving. But after our food arrived all was good until we attempted to get validation for parking in the lot next door. The hostess gave us a 20 minute run around back and forth between the parking lot and the restaurant before finally admitting that they were out of vouchers. Why didn't they tell us upfront? Is it necessary to deceive your customers that way? 
The second time we went, we didn't even eat. We were so angry that we left. We were a little late arriving for our reserved table so they gave it away. No big deal, I can understand that. We were told to wait at the bar for a table that would open up within the next 5 minutes. Quite some time went by and when I asked the hostess what the situation was with tables, I get a blank look, a mumbled answer and she walks away. At the bar, the bartender is very snotty with us even though we ordered drinks directly from him and tipped him. No fancy drinks that require extra prep, just beers. As we are being led to our table, he makes a very condescending remark to my fiancee. We bring this to the attention of the owner who says he will speak to the bartender, but the damage was already done. My fiancee was angry and hurt and we left. To be fair, the owner attempted to comp us for our beers however we had already paid. 
We had three people in our group. I was prepared to drop at least $150+ for dinner, but I didnt think the food would have mitigated the rudeness of the staff. I dont think I will be back anytime soon, nor will any of my friends and coworkers (Isn't it nice how quickly word gets around?) 
The decor is nice, the food is good, but the way the staff treats customers is simply horrible. Why would anyone put up with such egregious treatment from these people?I was at Raw for the first time on New Years.  While I can't comment on the food, I can say the decor was fabulous.  As a bar goes, it's very trendy with sweet loungey couches and a hip design.  As a restaurant, I don't know... I could see how it would feel more clubby than like a restaurant.
I had free open bar (with my ticket) until midnight.  After midnight, I was ordering drinks for my friends, and my Sapphire and tonic was $10, while a Goose and tonic was $15 -- in my opinion, a littttle up there.
There must be outdoor seating during nice weather, because there was an outdoor area with a few tables.  Curtains hang all around, so you feel as though you're inside even though you're outside -- a nice little getaway for the smokers of your group.
Last but not least, I want to go back just for the bathroom.  It's like a beautiful temple for meditation.. but you're uhh.. doing your business in there!!  The toilets themselves weren't too clean, but I'm sure that had to do with the New Years debauchery.Modern minimalism at its best within an sleek environment, compliments the fantastic, fresh sushi, and superior service available with both inside and outside dinning.  Presentable and appealing entrees whisked out of the open air kitchen, freshly prepared, graciously introduced by our food runner, noting each delicacy on the plate to not confuse what we were eating.  
The atmosphere was dim, yet seductive in soft, warm red and black tones, with a barely recognizable hard overtone brick walls with steel when seated.  
There is an outside lounge with very comfy outdoor seating and a back area bar where weekend deejays spin a soft yet house-tribal groove to keep your toes tapping and the libations flowing.
Although a bit pricey, if something peaks your interest with a sushi or sashimi special, definitely order it.  You will not be disappointed.
If you are looking for a great place for an anniversary dinner, first date with an intimate atmosphere, or just for a fun, casual dinner with friends that will not break your bank account, check this place out.As an MBA graduate focused on marketing, this place hit all the touchpoints:
1. Product - I ordered the sushi/sashimi combo.  The tuna was a fresh ruby red.  Came with a standard salad and miso soup.  
2. Place - Good decorations.  Esp. loved the men's bathroom and the wall with the samurai warrior
3. Price - Decent
4. Promotion - I heard about this place via groupon.  I'll bring my buddies for happy hour and more mealsRaw is worth the wait, but be prepared to wait a long time. I came here for lunch with two friends expecting to be in and out in no longer than an hour. Upon arrival it took us ten minutes to be seated. Twenty-five minutes after being seated one of the members of our party had to go track down a waiter so we could get service.
The food, once it finally came out, was absolutely amazing. Their seaweed salad is to die for. Everything else was very good except for the ohitashi, but that's probably just my particular taste. The carnivores in my party also had beautiful looking  
Unfortunately, the hour long lunch quickly approached the hour and a half mark and made me late to an important meeting, but I am certainly willing to try Raw out again, as long as I have plenty of time to spare!First off, the service was terrific.  Attentive and friendly servers.
However, the food was just blah.  I am a raw fish aficionado and the fish at Raw was barely acceptable.  It tasted slightly..."fishy", and any sashimi lover knows that it's supposed to taste smooth and buttery.  There are far better places in Philly to have fresher tasting fish.  Next, the portion sizes were tiny, not small...TINY!  I had to order about 50% more than I usually eat just to get full, so it ended up being an above average expensive meal for below average food.
Uggh, what a disappointing meal.I balked at heading to Raw for the first time because I'd heard they're overpriced.  But my friend and I had a very satisfying meal for under $50.  If you have the money to spare, Do come here.  Regularly.
I get yellowtail and scallions at every sushi place I visit -- here you get 8 pieces for $8 and they are positively stuffed with the most nuanced yellowtail I've tasted to date.  No silly sauce between you and this heavenly fish.  THIS is where it's at, and so Raw gets my heart on principle.  Despite lackluster service.
I do like the modern decor in here, and the food, but sometimes folks get a little too excited to be here.  I don't know what it is, but it can get crazy loud on the weekends.  I also made the fatal error of coming here for City Sips at one point.  Never do that.  Ever.  People were packing in like Godzilla was outside.
Oh and visit the bathroom regardless of whether you have to go.  Design at its best.I have had 4 parties at this place and I really enjoyed their food drinks and atmosphere. The only time I was unhappy was when their projector was not working in the back room. Otherwise it is a really cool party place with sensible price point.I came here with high expectations, since my boyfriend said "everyone" he knew thought it was the best sushi in town (even though I told him yelp only gave it 3.5 stars). In the future, I think I'll go with yelp reviews instead.
The atmosphere in Raw is very chic and trendy, with ambient lighting and music which complement the place. They have an outdoor patio which is very nice in the summertime. Indoors was also ok, even though our table was so close to the ones next to us, we could hear their entire conversations. If you want a booth, I suggest you ask for it when making reservations. 
The appetizers and sushi were pretty good and tasted fresh. We had the spicy tuna tartare, which was yummy. We also ordered 3 rolls of sushi, including the special, the Drunken Tiger roll, which was really good. They also have an extensive, but pricey, sake list.
-1 because they are a bit overpriced, and because we had to wait soooo loooong for our food to come out.I haven't been to Raw in a really long while, however I can say, from the several times that I have been there, it has been great!  The decor is Asian Contemporary (is that a style? I guess it is now!) - they have a great outdoor courtyard adorn with big comfy chairs, dark wood accents, all that is missing is an olympic size pool!  Tt was a great transformation  and use of space, from the cold hard concrete box it use to be.
I always order a piping hot bowl of the Miso,  edamame,  Avocado salad and Arina Roll (spicy tuna, avocado some spicy sauce)  when I stop in, I had to request it as sometimes it does not appear on the menu, I actually recommended that it be a regular menu item. I don't know if that request made the cut. The specialty rolls, although pricey are really large! 
Spicy tuna tartare is always fresh with large chunks of tuna! The rainbow roll is another crowd pleaser, again, HUGE!
Lobster Wasabi roll- is delish, your tummy will thank you. 
Spider Roll- great presentation- can't recall flavor
The first time I came here and made the mistake of ordering too much! They have a great selection of sake, I highly recommend the milky sake (obviously not the official name, but they will know what you are talking about)
I have heard that the kitchen is hit or miss with the traditional dishes on the menu, I can't speak to whether the chef's have honed in on their culinary technique yet, but I would stick to the sushi.
I met the owner, Tony on my first visit and he always goes out of his way to say hi to me if I ever see him, even at Target of all places!  The rest of the staff is a bit hit or miss, the guys seem friendler than the ladies, but I suppose if I were a guy writing this review- I would be singing a different tune.
Definitely stop in there for happies! They usually have a great mixed cocktail and an assortment of rolls, shumai and dumplings for a fraction of the regular menu price! Try to score a table away from the bar, or you might end up eating  with someone's rump in your face, it's some tight quarters when the house gets packed!
Thumbs up!!Raw was a lovely place to spend my "23rd" birthday.  
In fact, I may have to fly back to Philly *just* for the sushi here.  It was melt-in-your-mouth yummy!  I casually mentioned that it was my birthday (and coincidentally, it was the chef's birthday too), and they gave me banana and ice cream for dessert...on the house.  Yay!
Note: I *am* awesome, so I can't guarantee that they'll be hookin' everyone up with birf-day treats.
Also, their bathroom is beautifully designed and hella clean.
Schweet :DI went here with my friend for her birthday. Kick ass place. We had the boat of sushi. It was delicious. 
The overall atmosphere was really cool...After two visits the best way I can describe this restaurant is that it's BASIC. 
But I can start with the good. The atmosphere & space. Gorgeous inside and out. They have an outdoor patio area that's really cute (as long as they don't seat you in the corner with the cob webs--when there were plenty of other table options). And it looks like they have heat lamps out there for cooler temperatures. 
The service is the thing that needs the most improvement. Great service can almost make up for sub-par food. Our waiter forgot multiple dishes and a cocktail. Always with the ".....ehhhh let me go check on that." Excuse.  Finally when we wanted to wrap up he was no where to be found leaving us just hoping to catch his glance for 20 minutes. We ended up having to just go inside to the hostess to get it and paid at the bar. 
The food is nothing to rave about. Especially when you have Sampan just up the way. But the happy hours deals are a steal. I liked the sushi, but it's the most basic sushi on the menu. Just avoid the tacos, they aren't good. And the cocktails are weak. 
This place is decent if you just can't wait to get into somewhere else in the area and just want something to fill you up. Overall, the experience is MEH.My daughter dined here last Wed with her friend and had her phone stolen along with those of several restaurant employees from the hostess station in an inside drawer.  The restaurant did not report the crime but shared the suspect photo with me.  I wish I could post it to share.  They still charged her for the meal.  Very upsetting incident.Great ambiance! except the 2-seaters are a bit close to one another, i am not a fan of tight dining with strangers. Excellent service! 
Recommend: 
ocean salad (seaweed salad with yummy dressing) 
beef negimaki 
selection of rolls---including eel & avocado, spider roll, etc--quite good!Their specialty rolls are out of this world! i have to say, at this point my fav sushi spot. but that is always subject to change. the outside seating is just adorable. it almost feels like youre not in philly. i love the bar. we went with 9 of us. we tried many different dishes/rolls. everything was great. the only problem was the service was slow for getiing our cocktails. i hate to admit it, but we like to drink. and when all of us are together, the drinks go down pretty fast. it just seemed like everytime we put in a drink order, it was at least 10-15 minutes before the drinks got to the table. and when we wanted the check, the waiter disappeared for what seemed like forever. 
but shit happens. the presentation of the food was flawless, and the environment was perfect. sushi is outstanding. and, i never thought about it before, but what a cool place to go for cocktails outside. that i will investigate!The sushi is so good! Get the white tiger  great attentive service and the atmosphere is fun and funky. Go a little after happy hour and sit for a yummy dinner - house hot sake is great!I really love the atmosphere in this place- it has a very NYC underground feel, a lot of dark red and black, and even a seating area that looks like its under in the subway (in a good way lol). I ordered the ocean (seaweed) salad and it was realllly good, and I know my seaweed salads. I don't recommend the sashimi appetizer as you only get about 5 pieces for $12. I ordered the tuna/avocado and salmon/avocado maki rolls- these were amazing! They tasted really fresh and there was a LOT of fish in there. I mean the fish to rice ratio was awesome. I would definitely come here again... I didn't try the sake.I went to this place last night. I loved the vegetarian sushi I got [the vegetable roll and the sweet potato tempura roll] and was pleased that they had a good selection of vegetarian sushi options. I felt comfortable there and liked the decor. I hope to get back there soon or order out.I've been here quite a few times, and I've been impressed from my first visit down to my last visit (which was not that long ago! :P) It's a really nice place but I've gone there in both dressy and more casual attire, so I definitely like that I can go one day in a nice dress or another day in jeans and sneakers.
The very first time I went to Raw was for a friends birthday, and I was blown away by the quality of fish. The salmon, my favorite, just melted in my mouth and, despite being full, I just wanted to order more. They also have some cool rolls, such as the White Tiger and the Green River Rolls. I'm really weak when it comes to spicy things so I didn't think I would enjoy these rolls as much as my friends because there were some spicy sauces used in these rolls, but they tasted so good that I didn't mind my tongue burning for a while.
Aside from the sushi, the drinks are a little on the stronger side, and while I think the entree's are worth the prices, the drinks are a little up there. Also, depending on where you sit, the atmosphere can be a little creepy. Whenever I go in larger parties, we get seated in the way back room, and they have a wall that is kind of animated and some of the images are kind of out there and a little creepy to be flashing while you're eating!In my opinion this is one of the top sushi spots in Philadelphia with exquisite fair minus the extraordinary Morimoto prices.
I must say at the Center City location there is outside sitting that is a must, minus the hard plastic chairs that are or should be reserved for a yard party I was expecting a bit More comfort coming from a place as refined as this. The happy hour during nice days also draws a lot of attention and rightfully so.
The first item I tried was one of the appetizers:
Beef Negimaki- cooked and seasoned perfectly I can't say it has always been consistent though. 4/5
Spicy Tuna Tar tare- 5/5
Spicy Tuna- Some of the best in the city 5/5
White Tiger- I was not a fan of the seared Mutsu 3/5
Arina Roll- 5/5 Totally addicted to this roll. Best I have ever had and I wish I could rate it higher.
The price point can be a bit steep, but they can get what with it because where else are u gonna get this refinement without paying with a Kidney like over at Morimoto??I had an amazing birthday dinner here with my husband last year. We were brought to a trendy, upscale dining area in the back that was spacious with a large bar area. The sushi entree was very fresh, and the dishes were creative and plated beautifully. I had the best tuna tar tar of my life here. We will be visiting again when we are back in Philly and in the mood for sushi!Well, if I could give 3.5 stars, I will.
Raw is my buddy favorite sushi spot so we come here several times during lunch. The design of the restaurant is great, warm and elegant. They have some tables outdoor but snow and rain mess them up. 
I would recommend the Dragon combo for lunch. The sushi is fresh but not much impressive. The price is a bit high.Came here for a friend's birthday party was given a room in the back of the restaurant at no extra charge. Nice space - interesting changing light screens of Japanese anime, fish, etc. 
Sushi was great across the board - no complaints from anyone in our party of 20! White Tiger was by far the best!I visited Raw on an wintry afternoon and it was pretty empty. The staff was polite and prompt and we were seated immediately. I love the interior of Raw, mainly because black and red are my favorite colors. Even in the daytime, it was very intimate and sexy. (The bathroom fixtures are very trendy and chic, too.)
The food was unmemorable. I got a box with salad, several sushi rolls, tempura, and ebi; it was extremely filling. I ended up leaving 40% of my food untouched. It was a good deal compared to the rest of the menu but Raw overall is quite overpriced. I recommend this place for lunch or an early dinner, as people seem to have less savory experiences at Raw in the evening.I've had great experiences here. The food is amazing and the daily flavored sake even better. I loooooove the almond crusted shrimp.Great friendly service. Nice courtyard for outdoor seating. A hidden gem among the hustle and bustle of the city. All the cocktails were good and I found it greatly priced for the city.Perhaps I need to give it another go but I was really not impressed. They are extremely over priced too...
Just went there with my coworkers for dinner. We are here for a trade show and wanted to get some food near the Marriott downtown. We stumbled upon this place while walking around.
The decor was decent and the staff was nice, but the fish was very expensive and I usually eat my sushi in San Francisco. Your order sushi by the piece...yes, one piece...I know Morimoto does that and I've been to a couple other overpriced sushi restaurants that also do that. However, the sushi we got wasn't outstanding or anything. I tried a piece of the Spicy Scallop but the spices were overpowering and I am not even able to comment on the scallop taste itself. Perhaps I just got a bad bite...
I ordered the garden salad which came with about 20 leaves of mixed greens, two tiny cherry tomatoes sliced in half and three slices of cucumber with some dressing on top. It was served on a big flat plate and I could see the plate through the salad - it looked pathetic. It would have looked much more substantial served in a smaller bowl.
I also had one of their special mixed drinks - sake and mango puree served on the rocks. It was ok. So I can't say I hated it but it wasn't anything to write home about. And since it was so darn expensive, I'm not tempted to go back again. If I do, I'll be sure to post an update.The food here is spectacular.  Really, so so good.  The service, on the other hand, is really awful.  My server was nice enough, but she was hard to find and totally inattentive.  The restaurant is beautiful, but I also felt a bit too close to the people dining on either side of me. 
If you don't mind having to search for your waitress in order to pay your bill, I'd recommend the spicy sashimi salad, the capital roll, and a cocktail called "whisper."Great sushi and almost every meal comes with seaweed salad. The prices for some of the rolls are quite overpriced. But the food is what keeps me coming back.WTF????? When we walked in and taken to our table, I thought huh it is cute in here. We ordered Sake which was not chilled and kept coming in this stupid wine bucket which spilled water all over the table and was not chilling the sake. The sake was very good. We ordered a few small plates and rolls, everything was ok. They were too aggressive with their spice it took over. The jalapeños were sliced too thick. The food lacked balance and refinement. Our waiter was nice enough but not on his game, unless that was his game, then he needs to go back for training. The reason I will never go back was the ridiculous blaring club music playing on a terrible sound system and the multitude of giant screen tvs playing. This  restaurant is all over the place. This ourthird attempt at sushi in Philly and realized Philly does not know sushi!Raw is hard for me. The seating area is kind of awkward.  The service seems sort of impersonal. But the food is good in presentation and quality.  It's not my favorite sushi place in Philly.  It's not even my third favorite.  But I find myself eating here at least every other month for lunch - the service is fast and I know what I'm getting.  Not sure I'd go for dinner on purpose.
I typically get the bento box and an extra roll on the side (can't be a bull by eating like a field mouse).  Big fan of the sweet potato in the vegetable tempura - and any time you wrap shrimp in bacon you are going to catch my attention.  
Anyway - not my favorite - but its the kind of place you take clients to lunch... it's a descent meal and you know what you're getting.  But if you're looking to get your sushi loving socks knocked off - I've got some other ideas for you.
PS - my nine year old loves this place - don't shy away from dragging kids.  It's laid back and there is plenty of space between the booths.I don't know why Raw's aggregate is so low. I've always enjoyed dining here. Service, ambiance and food have been great every time. Nice sake selection. Helpful staff.I seriously love this restaurant! I'm a big sushi person, and hate not-fresh sushi. But theirs is just fine and honestly, I only eat their special rolls LOL.
Yes, the specials rolls are quite pricey. (Cheapest is like $17, then goes up past $20+). But even ordering their cheapest special roll ("Binny Roll") is freakin' good.
It goes with seaweed salad which tastes good, but a bit sweeter than normal (probably because this restaurant is slightly Americanized), but STILL GOOD.
And I always order a side of spicy mayo because... I MUST have it at any sushi restaurant, and their's is goodddd.
Appetizers are great too.  The Beef Negimaki, shumais and dumplings are great.  Except they're tiny and don't give you a lot for the price.  But this place is kinda fancy anyways.
Oh! Their outdoor seating is really chill and lounge-y (when seated on the sofa-ish areas). Try it on a nice day at night. (Except your food MIGHT take longer... might..)
They also have a variety of sakes. Not too much, but good enough if you're not a extra diesel sake drinker.
Overall, Raw doesn't make me mind spending over $17 for 8 pieces of their special roll sushi. I still get full and satisfied, and happy (:Food was good.  Service was good.  I would have to say though, that there were FAR too many frat boy duoche bags here to ever feel welcoming.  If you still look back on your days rushing some Greek frat and talking about the "good ol' years", then this is a great place for you.Very classy, great food, great atmosphere.  Bring your date here if you intend to keep her :P
Went with my fiancé to celebrate her birthday. The Japanese Garden Martini was amazing. The sushi was very good. The tea was gen mai cha tea which has roasted rice in it (not our favorite, a slightly more tanic taste).
Also, not the nicest chopsticks, so bring your own :P
If we're in Phili again, we'll probably return (as a married couple).I went here for restaurant week with a friend. The staff was friendly. The special menu for the week was great because it included 4 courses. The king crab soup was a little silly with like 3 pieces of crab in it and like a whole chopped onion but it's soup and its a special for restaurant week. The tempura rock shrimp was amazing and that is usually on the menu so I would totally recommend it. The salmon volcano roll was good and we also had mochi which you can't go wrong with. The reason why I give this place 2 stars and not 4 or 5... is the fact that we saw a mouse. We were sitting in the outdoor courtyard so animals and such could technically be out there. But we told the server and she just said sorry and didn't do anything else. I know we got the special menu but she could of comped our drinks or given us a gift card to return or a percentage off our bill anyway. So I'm a little disappointed with the overall experience and the lack of handling the situation. I'm not sure if I'd eat there again despite the amazing tempura rock shrimp.I've been here at least 20 times over the past few years and have always been happy but tonight was a major disappointment.  They used old shrimp temporary for my roll and the spicy tuna handroll was the ground up tuna.  I always found the spicy tuna handrolls with whole pieces of tuna much better.  Might have to find a new regular sushi place.I wasn't going to visit Raw because of the mixed reviews on here, but my good friend has been really wanting to go.  Then I attended a party where Raw was serving sushi--it was delicious so I consented to a visit.  
The atmosphere was pleasant, but we ate inside on one of the nicest nights of the year.  The courtyard is a beautiful space, I hope I can eat there before the season ends.  There was a DJ spinning some delightful music.  The lighting and the interior was thoughtfully designed.  
It seems that people had have issues with the service.  I found the staff to be attentive but not overpowering.  Everything was delivered to our table within a reasonable amount of time.  Our server was friendly and well-informed.  
The food was very good.  The White Tiger special was sublime.  The seaweed salad was impeccably prepared but served as a minuscule portion.  My good friend loved his avocado salad.  We will be back.Based this past experience I gotta downgrade to 2 stars.  I bought the Ruelala omakase deal before I'd ever been to Raw. I'm not a huge fan of Raw but I didn't want to let the voucher go to waste. 
I made reservations and confirmed that we'd be having the Ruelala deal.  This time, my issue does not lie with the quality of the food. It lies with the quantity of  food, atmosphere and service.  To start, we were served a very small piece of salmon. Next up was a bite of crab wrapped in whitefish.  Then striped bass carpaccio (tiny).  Then a decently sized portion of risotto/steak/one scallop/one shrimp.  Our 1 scallop was dry and rubbery but the rest of the food was good.  Then we got a small bowl of green tea ice cream at the end. The food came with 3 shot glasses of sake. 
NOW....about the service and timing of the food...AWFUL.  Right after we were seated, the 1st course came out.  We didn't even have our drinks yet.  Then the sake came out, but not the water we'd asked for.  Then the beer that we ordered arrived and still no water - had to ask again for water.  Then the 2nd, then the 3rd courses came out in rapid succession.  I figured at this rate, we'd be in & out pretty quickly.  WRONG.  We were stuck there for 2 hours.  I don't even know how much time elapsed between the 3rd & 4th course, but even averaged out, 5 courses in 120 minutes would be 24 minutes between each course.  Twenty-four minutes between each literal BITE of food.  I was so antsy that I wanted to leave without waiting around for the last 2 courses. 
Atmosphere: Dear Raw, could you remove a few tables please?? The tables are RIGHT NEXT to each other.  It's uncomfortable.  It's awkward. It's not romantic or intimate. The girl sitting next to me had her coat & bag all over my seat (probably because there was no room for it elsewhere), and upon being escorted to my seat I had to move it over (she wasn't paying attention).  
I have no desire to return to Raw. If they want to be a high class sushi joint, they need to get their shit together.  Train your servers better.  School the kitchen on proper timing between courses.  Remove a few tables.First time here. I enjoyed the lunch special. 5 pieces of sushi, a roll, salad, and miso soup. It is was delicious. Hit the spot and was very fresh. Will try this place again for happy hour.Incredible! From service, atmosphere, cleanliness, and most importantly food. Excellent on every level. Here for a party and can't wait to come back for date night. Ask for Steph she was fantastic. On point all night.Alright, so I vote for a half star button.  What's with the only whole star business?  I think its just another case of the man trying to keep us down.  Well not me.  Three and a half stars baby, thats my review and I'm sticking to it.  Take that Yelp/the man.  
So this place is kinda cool.  The building is laid out like a shotgun apartment.  Its narrow and sleek, stretching back from the foyer like an exaggerated hallway.  The sushi bar invites diners to check out the fish as they pass on to either the remainder of the dining room or the outside saki bar.  I like it.  I have to say, its stylish, yet not over-blown and while the decor represents the price tag, neither elicits an audible guffaw from would be diners.  
Sushi is a wonderful delight of tasty splendor, no denying it.  But, in my experience, there are the places that make a killer, well constructed roll and then those that take the rice-fish combo outside of the box by creating a symphony of gastronomic ingenuity (go to Sushi Zen NYC, you'll see what I mean).  Raw lands squarely in the former category and thats not a bad thing per se.  As such, the key is all in the ingredients.  The fish has got to be primo or its just going to let you down and Raw doesn't disappoint.   While the dining is sold, this joint's highlight is the outdoor saki lounge. 
Have a drink there during sips.  Then have another.  When you are well lubricated order some sushi and hang out for another round.  Just ignore the D.J. spinning the latest blogosphere house-bangers at 300 decibels.  I like house, but think of something better for a dinner/happy hour lounge - just a thought.
ps - If you have a sec check out the men's room.  It wont disappoint.After seeing that every restaurant was packed on 13th street we walked down Sansom and stumbled upon RAW. They had a really nice outdoor area with plenty of tables and a large couch area in the back for larger groups. We were there for happy hour and the prices and the food were both amazing! The best thing we had was the tuna jalapeño roll. I would
highly recommend this.. it was probably some of the best sushi I've had in philly. The happy hour prices are great and so is the service! I will definitely be returning!!My friend and I came here during happy hour. The happy hour menu is pretty decent and prices aren't too bad. We both ordered a drink and shared the food together. 
Our drinks were good. We ordered the taco, which is 2 for $6. Before we ordered we asked about the spicy salmon taco.. we wanted to know if it was cooked or raw, our waitress said it's raw like sushi style. So, we ordered that and when it came out it wasn't what she said. It was cooked and wasn't that good, very fishy too. We also ordered wings. The wings were flavorful and size was big. However, the wings weren't really cooked all the way.. I saw red near the bones.
The restaurant was getting busy and we didn't see our waitress so we didn't say anything. Plus, we had another place to go to so we just ate and asked for the check.Good service. Nice location. Outdoor seating looked very inviting. Wasabi pork dumplings were very good and the Rainbow Roll was the best I've ever had.We are in Philly for a volleyball tournament. Visited 1225Raw because it is close to the hotel. Danny, our waiter, was great. Very attentive and pleasant.  I ordered the Miso Soup (not as hot as I like it but still good)  and the Burning Rainbow which was quite spicy. Was not expecting the bite, but Danny kept the water in my glass to help me out! The food was great. Great ambiance. Music was loud enough to drown out everyone else's conversation, but low enough for me to hear my conversation at my table without having to repeat myself. All in all, a great experience.I had a really good first experience at Raw & will likely be back for another time during happy hour! The outdoor space here is very cute and there is a decent amount of space between tables so you don't have to worry about people listening in on your conversations. Service was great - our waiter was very attentive but not overbearing. I had 2 different sushi rolls: spicy tuna and salmon avocado and I also had an order of shrimp tempura (app). Everything I had was delicious, although I probably would not order the shrimp tempura again as its only 2 pieces which I think is a small portion for the price. I had an ale on draft which was good, and their ninja in pink cocktail which I will definitely be ordering again - reccomending! Very delicious and a good pour but not overbearing. Overall, I had a very nice experience here & this place is on my happy hour list now!