Only had the lobster Mac and cheese and that was all I needed to have to give it 4 stars.  Scrummy nummy!!!!
Terrible music thoughTerrific service, reasonable food though somewhat expensive, charming cosmopolitan atmosphere. This is an especially good choice in Center City on a Friday or Saturday night when every other decent restaurant in town is too crowded to get a table. I had the pork chop and my partner had the brisket sandwich special. Both were delicious.
Just hope you don't have to go to the bathroom, because they keep theirs locked. We ended up having to use the filthy bathroom at the train station next door. A restaurant of this quality and expense really should treat its customers a little better. Epic fail.Yum...Admittedly, I did not have high hopes for a hotel restaurant.  So after a laborious, weather hampered trip to Philly, I just wanted something to eat.  Well.  :-)  13 was a really good option.  The bartenders where friendly and helpful.  My dinner salad was big, fresh and delicious.  And the crab cakes... as tasty as you'd want them to be on the East coast.  This place is not to be scoffed at.  Yum.This is a review for their breakfast. 
There really should be some way to separate reviews for different times of the day. Unlike the other reviewers, I came here for a midweek breakfast, for no other reason other than that it was close and looked snazzy from the outside. 
To be fair, it really does have the vibe of an upscale diner, but for a buffet-style breakfast that totally works. They do have a regular breakfast menu as well, but the prices were pretty steep. For example, you could get a bagel with lox for $14.50, or you could pay $15 for the buffet, which has bagels and lox. 
There's not whole lot of variety, but they do cover all the basics and then some. I also appreciated that the $15 included coffee and juice with free refills. Our server was super friendly and very attentive. 
The only reason I'm docking a star is that it isn't exceptional, but if it were, it'd probably be more expensive, and I'd dock a star for that. 
In short, highly recommended for breakfast, probably okay for lunch, but unless you've ever found yourself wondering what Denny's would be like if they served alcoholic beverages, avoid for dinner or drinks.Decided to check this place out for lunch thanks to a restaurant.com coupon. The stipulation was two entrees must be ordered but luckily I brought my max-midday appetite. This place is huge and was pretty empty on this day but who knows when conventions are in town. We had a personal TV in our booth which was pretty cool, reminded me of the old ESPN zone in Baltimore's inner harbor.  
I ordered a rib-eye steak medium rare which came with fries and asparagus. The steak was grossly overcooked but I had to get back to work and service was already on the slow side so I took it down anyway. The fries and asparagus were consistent, both boring and not seasoned. The one thing 13 did have going were the delicious warm rolls with this maple walnut butter that was out of this world. I should also mention my lunch dates entree of eggplant Parmesan was a tasty plate.
I usually tend to steer clear of hotel restaurants and this just reaffirmed my intentional avoidance.While waiting for my room at the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown, I stopped into Thirteen for a bite to eat. 
Since it was after 11am, my choices were the breakfast buffet or the lunch menu. I wanted breakfast, but I'm not the biggest fan of buffet breakfasts (other than freshly made omelettes or waffles, is anything really ever hot or fresh or not picked over especially after 11am).  Therefore, I opted for the lunch menu. 
Thirteen offers standard lunch fare with salads (Caesar with optional chicken or shrimp) pizza, spaghetti and meatballs, burgers, and turkey club to name a few. However, one item grabbed my attention which was the chicken and waffles since I was originally in a breakfast mood. 
The chicken (3 good sized pieces of breaded white meat) was golden brown, crispy and steaming hot. The waffle (in 4 separated sections) was also golden brown and crispy. I didn't care for the herb and peppered butter, plus there was enough on top of the waffle to clog multiple arteries (I guess that's Philly style). Note to self; next time request the butter on the side. The maple syrup had a hint of bourbon which for my palate was good; the last establishment I ordered chicken and waffles I found the bourbon too strong. 
For $21 the meal is steep, but you pay for convenience in a hotel restaurant. You could do better, but also far, far worse hence my 3 star rating. Enjoy Philly!!Very nice bar right after a long drive and running around the city sightseeing. Just what I needed. A quite place with a decent selection of beers to relax. Service was excellent. I didn't eat anything but will be back tomorrow for a few more beers. Will recommand if you are looking for quite bar before dinner. Menu didn't look like something I would like to eat.Thirteen was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had, but I should start with the few pros...
The positive: We were seated promptly after arrival, which with reservations and an uncrowded restaurant I would expect. All around our meals were delicious. Both my husband and I had a shrimp appetizer and filet mignon dinners, and the quality of the food is not to be contested.
The cons: However, the service was beyond abysmal. After we were seated it took 15 minutes before anyone came to see if we wanted a drink. The waitress, our first of three, was rude and not knowledgeable about the beers the restaurant offered. She then huffed away and yelled at the greeter in our presence, complaining that she couldn't handle any more tables. My drink returned several minutes later in the hands of our second server. Our new waiter was pleasant enough and I relaxed into the fact that maybe she was just having a bad day. 
Though it took a bit long for two medium rare steaks to appear, all seemed fine; however, once dinner was served we never saw our waiter again (never until we complained to management over 40 minutes later that is). When our dinner plates were finally cleared, by a third server, our dessert orders were put in by this new server. This is where an okay dinner went bad. I ordered a chocolate ganache and my husband ordered a root beer float. We waited, waited, and waited. Being near the back of the restaurant, we didn't see anyone walk by for over 20 minutes. No dessert. No bussers. No waiters. I eventually went to the bar and asked for a manager, as at this point not only had we not received our dessert--which we no longer wanted--or a check but we missed our train (the station is directly across the street), which only runs once an hour. The manager came over after a few minutes and I discussed the matter with him (even apologizing for feeling the need to complain as I have never complained to any restaurant manager before). He offered to take care of our meals and immediately went to the kitchen to get our desserts. Moments later our third waitress returned, followed a minute or two later by our second, all who disappeared into the kitchen. When the manager realized we had a Groupon he changed his tune and stated that he could not comp our meal and would instead only be able to compensate for my one beer (a $5 purchase). He took our Groupon, settled the bar tab, and we left.
It was the most frustrating experience I have ever had,  and I would not recommend Thirteen to anyone! The food quality does not make up for the aggravation, especially when you can get the same sort of American fare, at a similar price point, at many other Center City restaurants.Went here last last for dinner, as I am spending a few nights in the Marriott for a conference. I was pretty underwhelmed with the food. Things started off with a $14 peach margarita. Though delicious, it was served in a very small glass and I felt jipped! I was expecting a margarita served in a margarita glass! Silly me.
Next - dinner. I did the crab corn chowder and a caesar salad. Both were decent but they were seved in those gross generic pastel colored plastic bowls that you always get in a cafeteria! No china? Really? The place looks nice and then destroys it in the details.The food was decent, but I think my expectations exceeded what I actually got. 
My dinner began with the Corn and Crab Chowder. It was good, but not phenomenal.
Same goes for the Lobster Papperdelle. I liked it, but it didn't "wow" my taste buds. It was lacking some sort of pizzaz... like large quantities of butter?
The prices were decent for a hotel restaurant in a metro area, (Papperdelle was $23 and the soup was $8), but maybe a little high for a regular restaurant (not inside a hotel).
Our server was attentive and always made sure we got what we needed.
Would go back to try some other things on their menu. They had a lot of tasty-sounding entrees. Hopefully those items will have a little more "zing" to them.This place is located inside the Marriott on the east side of the hotel. We came here late night after a wedding and were the only ones in the whole place, and we were just having drinks, so this review does not pertain to the food here.
The bar tenders were on the older side but were fairly quick. We sat around the bar area and it was actually great having the place to ourselves. I;'m not sure if they stayed open for us or not, but if our group was not there, this place would have been completely empty. Good for a hotel bar, but I wouldn't make it my destination for the night.Came for a business reception, staff was friendly and extremely attentive. Had finger foods so I didn't order from the menu but I would definitely recommend the coconut shrimp of they are on it.Imagine my surprise when I heard the name "Thirteen" and imagined a swank, ultra-modern lounge that could have a body double in Paris, and then walked into the Marriott's "Thirteen" restaurant.  My first complaint was that their hostess stand looked like an IHOP counter.  Imagine my shock, since even at small neighborhood lounges like Valanni, the hostesses are always stunningly beautiful, surrounded by an elegant platform with lots of attention to design.  Thirteen's hostess looked like she could run a money laundering ring on the weekends.
Needless to say, someone else was paying for me, so I went along with it and sat down.  The space is way too bright.  At least the tables were comfortable, and the complimentary bread and whipped butter were terrific.  But then...
The servers.  All of them!  I just wanted to scream like Joan Crawford in Mommy Dearest!  They were old, washed up, one with stains running down his bleak outfit.  I'm a Miami boy, and in Miami this would 'never' fly.  hEllO, what happened to restaurants only hiring beautiful people?  The serving staff at Thirteen moved about like zombies, and our server eerily looked and spoke like Louie Anderson.  I was afraid I'd been tricked into appearing on Family Feud without even being paid my standard modeling fees!
But then I realized something... in-between my Hoegaarden draft and my average steak, I realized that this actually wasn't a restaurant.  Clearly, "Thirteen" is a retirement home where they put the retirees to work, serving, bartending, hostessing, and cooking.  No wonder the restaurant was so bright!  And no wonder the food was so forgettable.  I wasn't meant to "enjoy" my dinner, ya, I was just being an altruist by showing up and eating!
I left feeling so good about myself.  If you're in the mood for charity, then visit Thirteen in Philadelphia's Marriott.
This has been a Review by FulgencioWe came here after a rejecting experience at Oddfellows (see review) and just needed to eat.  Had the crab dip $12 app, good but not what we expected.  The soup salad sandwich option $12 was good although the soup was too creamy and the sandwich meat was laid flat.  Crab cake sandwich was disappointing and that's being kind.  This is a good enough place to eat but there has to be better options around.For a restaurant in a hotel as expensive as the Downtown Marriott - I expected better. The food was simply not good! 
You are better off going to Chili's or the Hard Rock across the street. And be warned - many of the menu items are the same thing you get from room service.Was at the hotel for meetings and ended up having lunch here. I was pleasantly surprised - the food was pretty good. I had the chicken and waffle dish and it was tasty, comparable or better than the same dish I have had at other Philly restaurants. No complaints. My colleagues all had hamburgers and all said the hamburgers were good. Good service. The decor is pretty bland. I would be hard pressed to come here again given so many great choices in nearby Chinatown (and lots of great restaurants on Chestnut and Walnut), but in a pinch worth a stop.So I was staying in the hotel and decided to eat breakfast at the hotel restaurnt.  I knew it would be pr8cey but I had been here before and enjoyed the beeakfast menu. 
I will say the hostess was polite and showed me to the table in the back.  This is where it went downhill.  I had to wait 10-15 before my waiter came to greet me.  You wpuld probably say maybe he was busy but I saw him chatting with other waiters so that excuse won't work. 
I guess he must of seen the look on my face because he really didn't strike up a  conversation with me like his other guest which was fine. At this point I just wanted my food and leave.
I'm going to chalk this up as a seperate incident and probably continue to come here when I'm in the city but you will get better choices and prices across the street at the terminal market.My wife and I had a terrible experience at 13. We went on a Monday evening. The restaurant was not crowded. After we were seated no one came by to greet us for 15 minutes. Eventually, a waitress came by. She was not very pleasant. She forgot my wife's drink order twice and had to keep going back to the bar. Before her drink even came the waitress came back to inform us that someone else would be our waiter. Our new waiter was awesome. He had a friendly demeanor and he got our food out to us quickly. The meal was delicious. However, a third waitress came by to take our dessert order...and then she too disappeared. We didn't see her or our waiter for over 20 minutes. Actually, we
Didn't see a soul! We tracked down the manager. He came to our table about 5 minutes later. We explained our situation, he apologized, and disappeared into the kitchen to retrieve our food. Then the mysterious dessert waitress shows up out of nowhere to ask if everything was OK. I told her that we were still waiting on dessert. SHOCKED, she fled back to the kitchen to see what was going on. More time passed and our waiter came by. "Is everything Ok?" he asks. "No, we are STILL waiting for our dessert." I say. SHOCKED, he flies into the kitchen! At this point, I don't even care about the frekin' dessert! The manager finally came back with our food and comped us our drinks...I really think they forgot about us at some point. Very unorganized staff. I would not eat here againThis was probably the worst ny strip steak (34$ or so) I had in my life. Low quality of meet, terrible preparation in the kitchen. Plate cold. Vegetables and potatoes made in advance and not reheated properly. Overall: totally bad and not worth your time or moneyHorrible food and service! Never again! Worst dining experience ever. 
Had a 70+ year old woman waiting on us, which is fine except for the fact that it took 10 minutes for us to be seen. Did not bring us water without us having to request it first. 
Food was horrendous (we're suffering through stomach cramps now). The only blessing was that she understood our request to leave by a certain time and accommodated us. 
Hovered over us when presented with the check. 
Stay away!!!!!!! Was hoodwinked when I saw this place hopping during happy hour - but that's the outside patio area. Who knows - drinks might be decent.It's located in the Marriott downtown, me and my girlfriend checked in and late so they were out of kings and we had to get a double room. To compensate we were provided free brunch at Thirteen the next day.
The food was so fresh and tasty. The chef that made the eggs and Belgian waffles to order and the service was excellent. When we got the bill I gave my server the cards for our complimentary meal and I offered a tip and she turned it down but I gave her one anyone. For it to be small and inside a hotel it was an awesome brunch experience.Four of us came in at 9pm on a,Saturday night for dessert.
Server was GREAT, desserts were a huge disappointment! 
"Deconstructed Carrot Cake " NO! Stale flavorless yellow cake topped with baby food and a fried carrot ribbon.
Ganache was good
Apple Cobbler, eh.
Blondie, eh.
At $9.00 per dessert and a .35 cent food cost, it was pathetic. 
C'mon Marriott,  you're better than this!First off this is a hotel restaurant, so don't go in expecting reasonable prices. Beyond that point, the food is wonderful. I had the pan seared salmon with a side of mushroom risotto and the fish was succulent and soft, with a perfect side of crispness. The risotto had a rich flavor. 
Everything was hot off the oven as well. Course this was at 9:30pm, and this was my first time here.40 mins for a well done burger. what was they doing slaughtering cows? how hard is it to get a burger to 165. Not so hard  i can see 15 mins at the most but a whole hour is unacceptable. jeez me and the bus boy became longtime friends before i got the burger. # sadthis is more for the circa lounge of thirteen..
so we showed and tried to get a table at the restaurant part.. the wait was 15 minutes so we put our name on the list... because the hostess told us there may not be space available at the circa bar (which is just a seat yourself area, where a waitress will come up to you however you still can order the same food and then some).. anyway we were with a child... and we found out they had sushi at the circa part so we went there.. 
everything was nice at first, the waitress came up to us.. took our orders , however we noticed when another group of patrons came up she after taking their orders immediately brought them bar snacks... now we didn't go for the bar snacks but I mean if you bring them to everyone where was ours??
anyway we got out food.. I had the seaweed salad, it was nice, and friend had a california roll,,, which was nice.. and the child had one of the kids meals.. now this meal was 10$.. and for that you get a kids drink, main entree ( she chose burger) and 2 sides ( she got veggies and fries) the food came out and we realized oh wait.. the fries are missing... at this point the waitress was nowhere to be found when we finally saw her we told her and she said she'd get them.. then about 2-3 minutes after that babygirl tells us "OH my juice isn't here" and we're like WHOA it isnt.. now what made that so odd was that the waitress brought out our bloody marys but didn't bring out a simple orange juice.. so she basically forgot 1/2 the meal... 
about 10 minutes after that ,, we speak with a manager.. and about 5minutes later the fries come out.. at this point all the other food is done, we are ready to go... meter is almost out.. she gives us the food and drink and do you think she asks if we need the check? NO 5 minutes later she comes back... 5 minutes after that we get the check.. 7 minutes after that she takes our payment... and 5 minutes after that we sign.. 
now understandably the place was full because the marriot was sponsoring the army for the army navy games.. ok I understand that.. but how on earth do you show us such terrible service... 
the ONLY reason they got 3 stars was bc the fries were yum.. and the bartender made a damn good 4 olive bloody mary.. which considering the experience, was def needed!Me and the Wife were staying at the Marriott, it was late, and we just wanted a drink and some stuff to munch on.
I guess for a hotel restaurant it wasn't that bad. There was two good things. The beer was cold and the Lobster Mac and cheese was really good. 
We also had crab cakes and mussels. The mussels and sauce was very bland with bits of shell floating around. The crab cakes tasted ok, but there really wasn't much crab in them. "Cakes that taste faintly like crab" is a much better name for them. How much crab meat can you fit when the cake is about a quarter inch high anyway.
Even though the server was nice and friendly it took forever to get our check. If I do ever go back it will be to get the lobster mac and cheese to-go.The Yelp Menu and the Menu inside Thirteen don't match AT ALL. Literally half the Menu items shown on Yelp are not available.  No Wedge Salad. No peel and eat shrimp. No Sea Bass. It goes on and on. Nothing whatsoever for a child to eat. The prices are wrong, too. Much higher at the restaurant.  Stuff listed for $12 is really $16, for example.A supposedly upscale restaurant that feels like Denny's. Overpriced and underserved.
I had the crab cakes... endless to say, skip it, and this restaurant.Since we were having a late breakfast there was no line and sat immediately.  Lucky fire us since the buffet was closing in 30 min.  buffet was pricey at 19 per person but they have great waffles and omelettes made to order, and along with the yummy muffins, bagels and lox, fruit, and juices we were stuffed!  Great food and service recommend it as a convenient way to start the day full!Didn't expect much so my hopes weren't let down. Pretty mediocre place. Ordered a medium well bacon burger the 1st visit and came across a pretty tough burger with little flavor. Next day I got the crab cake entree which was actually fairly good. Nice drink prices and great service at the bar saved the experience howeverI really liked this place.  Started with a spicy Margarita made with Don Julio. You can't mess up anything made with Don Julio tequila
Had the edamame hummus which was yummy and served with warm bread and nice crunchy veggies. I really liked that.
I followed that with the wedge salad.  That was pretty good but I could have lived without the blistered tomatoes.  Fresh tomato pieces would have been better 
.the lettuce was nice and fresh and the bacon on it was on it peppery. Not half bad.
Ended the meal with the chocolate ganache...  yummy yummy!
Service was quite attentive... but of course I was sitting at the bar so they kind of had to seeing me all the time :-)
Since I was staying at the Marriott this was very convenient to get to and I get Marriott points so I would definitely do it againcame here with my groupon~
it was alright, honestly i probably wouldn't come here without my coupon.  the things are kinda pricey... and the menu is really nothing special.  i did enjoy the dessert flight of shooters.  it's not alcohol, it's actually different flavor moouse in shot glasses.  we had the choco mint, smores, cappuccino, raspberry cheesecake and some other.. we enjoyed the choco mint a lot, it was a nice and cool finish after a big meal.  the other dish worth mentioning is their lobster mac and cheese.  A side that the waiters highly recommend.  It's a nice complement to the meal.  the top is baked to crisp and the mac and cheese is cheesy with noticeable flavor of lobster.  I enjoyed it.
their onion soup, however, was just too much for me.  it comes in a little pot and a THICK layer of swiss and provolone cheese on top.  the soup is decent on the first sip, but got too salty as you consume it... my boyfriend said it tasted like MSG water -_-;;;; so that's not good... 
probably wont be coming back.. tho my experience was fair.This can be avoided unless you are like me and hoping to just grab a quick lunch on your way to the airport.  They had a nice soup, salad, sandwich combo for $15.Never reviewed. Also never walked out of a restaurant before. There's a first for everything! The hostess sat us right away and then waited for 30 minutes (no exaggeration) and no one even took a drink order. There were two waiters walking right past us, making eye contact, but never even greeted us. One bus boy saw we weren't being attended to about 15 minutes in and got us waters and said someone would be right over to take our order. 
Another 15 minutes later, another table came in and sat behind us. They were immediately greeted by the waitress who kept walking by our table, and their order was taken. That's when we got up and left. Another bus boy tried to stop us saying someone would come over, but we weren't waiting any longer. Absolutely ridiculous.Varied service levels, one with quick and very solicitous, although restaurant was not busy at that time.  One with super server, but big delay is a simple salad order, the last was horrible; brought to table, only one other party in for lunch, then later two other groups game in and were waited on immediately, while I had not yet even seen a server or menu.  I left.  Be careful on this one.I had the Crab Chowder to start - it was delicious but it was obvious that imitation crab was used and the soup was possibly microwaved to heat up. The basic caesar salad was ok; bland but ok. The scallops with coucous was sub-par - way too much salt used in the couscous and the scallops were overcooked and rubbery with no flavor. For dessert, I had the blondie brownie with bourbon ice cream - it was dry and seemed like it had been frozen and then microwaved before serving, the bourbon ice cream was tasty but there was a large chunk of solid ice in the middle that was a bit of a turn off. the drink recommmended was the hennesy ice tea - way too strong and no real flavor to it; all  you could taste was the alcohol which didn't pair well with dinner. Overall, very pricey for a mediocre meal. I appreciate the attempt at seasonal, fine cuisine but missed the mark.
Also, note: not a family friendly menu, no options for children, but that's pretty standard for a hotel restaurant.
The best part of my meal was the server Jeffrey - he was fantastic! Very attentive and accommodating. I enjoyed his cheeky humor and pleasant demeanor. He made the meal a joy. Although the food wasn't great, Jeffrey saved this review by a mile!Very limited menu,  only 7 choices.  I ordered a burger cooked medium,  received a will done burger that was as tough and flavorful as an old shoe. The bun was hard and stale. Service was fine,  but the quality of the food was sub par. I was hoping to try the lobster Mac and cheese,  but they must have undergone a menu change.I go here for breakfast often and food and service are usually good but they always rush the check.  The food is consistent and comes out timely.I suggested Thirteen for a girls night out during Center City Sips tonight, the deals sounded great and actually compared to other participants of "Sips" they seemed to offer the most variety of cocktails as well as appetizers. I'd looked up photos of the bar too and it looked so nice, and was very excited about the "terrace."
However, within moments of entering I found myself disappointed as the minutes wore on. First of all, the "terrace" is really just a sidewalk-level collection of couches. Not really as snazzy as the strategic photo on the website looked. We opted to sit inside because of the heat anyway. We were sat in a booth which made us feel like we were in a diner. And well, when our hunched over waitress greeted us, this feeling was confirmed. To begin with, she came over and asked, "Can I help you?" as if she wasn't sure what we were doing here. Her presence just seemed odd the entire time we tolerated the place. Why was this woman even working in what looked like a swank bar/restaurant? We all agreed her name must've been Flo or Bea or Mildred and that we'd much prefer being served by her if we were hungover and looking to order a $4.99 breakfast platter. 
I ordered a pitcher of sangria because the special ran them at $11. What a bargain, right? Wrong. First, Flo brought me a glass of sangria and when I corrected her that I'd ordered a pitcher, she looked at me like I was lying. Well then she brought me my pitcher. Let me clarify actually. She brought me a pitcher full of lemon and lime slices, with some "sangria" drizzled over them. As my friend said "hey I think they got some sangria in your lemons!"
One sip. GAG. This was NOT sangria. This tasted like lime rind. I don't know what they put in it, or what they neglected to put in it, but I couldn't bare another sip. 
At this point my two other girlfriends showed up and ordered their drinks. I promptly told Flo that I was sorry but I disliked the sangria, that it was very bitter. She gave me a glare, and asked "so...you don't want it?" Why yes, Flo, that's precisely what I'm trying to tell you. please send this sludge back down the garbage disposal you scooped it out of. I was also very peeved that after my request to send the sangria back, she didn't bother to ask if I'd like a different drink instead. 
Not that it mattered, because she disappeared for quite some time, not having brought my friends their drinks yet, and we decided to leave and go somewhere else. My friend went to hunt down Flo to cancel their drinks and get the check. 
The only redeeming factor here was thank god, she did not charge me for the sangria i barely took a sip from. 
Moral of the story: this is a hotel restaurant and bar. The wait staff was probably employed here through a job-placement agency, and despite their efforts at making this look like a West Elm showroom, it is essentially an upscale IHOP.Stayed at the Marriott for the week - was too cold to walk outside to find restaurants so dined here twice.    Both times I had the crab and corn chowder - good portion size, really creamy.  The second night I had it, the soup was lukewarm, server took it back and brought back a fresh heated bowl replenished to the top  - thanks chef!
Had the grilled pork chop one night - it was ok - portion size was large, piece was thick but thought it a little bit dry.  
Second time ordered the Maryland crab cake appetizer with my soup for dinner - I was full with just that.
All in all, food was fine for a hotel restaurant - I would have thought there would be more eating places within the hotel but I guess since many are walking distance outside of the hotel that it is expected most patrons would do that.
It's a good place to sit and relax after a long week of business travels.Hang out on the outdoor patio on a warm summer night if you're staying at the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown!Just as pricey as one would expect in a downtown hotel restaurant, but the breakfast menu was interesting, the presentation was lovely, and the food was quite tasty. I'm sorry now that I didn't even take a look at the buffet, but I was happy with my endless orange juice at the table. 
I had the Tuscan egg dish, which was way more food than I needed but I managed to eat most of it just because I liked it--the potatoes, in particular, which were nice and crispy.
Not a quick meal, which might have been a problem if I'd been looking at an early meeting, but they give you a newspaper to keep you patient!I came here for breakfast with my friend since we needed a quick, big meal before a long day at the convention we were attending. 
We opted for the $22 breakfast buffet (which comes with drinks). 
The options were pretty limited but it's the same stuff you'd find elsewhere.
The organization of the buffet didn't really seem to have a flow. And people were all over the place. 
I had the eggs, which were bland so I had to add hot sauce and pepper to it. The sausage was okay. The grits were alright. The biscuit was alright. The breakfast potatoes were decent. See where I'm going with this? 
The waffle, omlette station, etc. are all the same line. That took a WHILE to get. Though, my waffle came with a cute Liberty Bell design on it, which was pretty good. The maple syrup that came with it was super hot so be careful of those little digits!
The waitress was friendly and checked in here and there with us. 
Otherwise, it's alright.Food was decent. Menu is very small. One of the worst experiences I've ever had service wise. Keristin was my waitress and she spent 30 minutes hiding from her tables in an empty restaurant. The food isn't worth the trouble.I went searching for a Thanksgiving buffet, since cooking a large meal for my wife, one year old, and me seemed more work than it is worth. I stumbled on a list of places in Center City. All looked good, but Thirteen offered the most reasonable price at $35 per head. Since other than cost, I saw no real difference, I went with Thirteen.
Getting a reservation was real easy. And, when I asked to push it back by 30 minutes the day before, it was easy too. And, we arrived 15 minutes early despite the change, and we were seated right away.
The decor was nice, as was the service. Our waitress was real eager to get us some drinks.
I made my way over to the buffet and it looked glorious.  Turkey, Lamb Shank, Stuffing, Warm Cranberry Sauce. Mac & Cheese, Mashed Potatoes, Candied Yams, and more, oh yum. There was splendid line of deserts, pumpkin pie, coffee cream cake, sweet potato pie, and a few other things that looked delightful.
The Turkey was perfect. My favorite sides were the Candied Yams and Mac & Cheese. The Warm Cranberry wasn't my cup. I prefer the cold jello type. The Stuffing, while good, wasn't my favorite either. It was the clumpy type. My favorite desert was the coffee cream cake. It was delish.
This worked out real well and saved me a lot of work. The biggest hang-up --- no leftovers!Nothing special - it took ~10 minutes to get any server attention, but afterwards the service was pretty good. The food was good but not as good enough for the pricyness. I got a groupon deal and without it I would have given it a -1 star.For breakfast, not awesome. Far better choices in the Reading Terminal station across the street.
Not well prepared food, and, very sloppy service.Breakfast and lunch was AWESOME!!!
The cheese steak with those hot & spicy pickles set it off!!
Great spot to eat.My friends and I only had drinks here so I am just basing it off of that experience. 
The interior is really nice...has a great airy feeling to it there is more than enough space to get around and goods for people watching. It has inside and outside seating....It was really hot in Philly that day so my friends and I went inside for a cool drink. The waiter told us we could sit anywhere so we seated ourselves at a table at the bar area...well our waiter knew nothing about what was on tap or any kind of alcohol they served-basicaally he knew nothing about nothing. When our fumbling waiter did come back he proceeded to spill and slosh our drinks everywhere (on the table on the floor any surface he could find) ...he was sloppy at best. He came back to ask us a few times if we were OK but his focus was totally somewhere else-like on the TV...Then when my friends and I were ready to leave he was no where to be found. I went up to the bartender and asked if he could run our bill through he stated uninterestedly "your waiter is over there..." he pointed off into the distance and the rude bartender went back to his conversation with 2 other employees and I looked where he pointed and the 2 people he pointed at neither was my sloppy waiter. So I waited and waited and finally another waiter took the bill and we never saw sloppy waiter again...I would possibly go here again on a different day to see if it was any better but today not so much. 
The only reason I gave 2 stars in 1 because we got served and the other for the interior.Great lunch place. Good fresh food. I recommend the turkey burger and chocolate soupI had the crab and corn chowder soup of the day and it was excellent. Never had crab that tasted so fresh and it made my girlfriend enjoy crab from a lifetime of hating it. Its a bit pricey but If you can handle the up charge then you won't regret itI would highly recommend avoiding this place... We stopped in for a late lunch (between the lunch and dinner serving times, so maybe this was the issue).  Our *slow* service started with a 10 minute wait to get a waiter, even though there about 10% of the tables were occupied.  
We ordered soup and a hamburger..  The server offered free bread and we obliged, big mistake.  the bread is literally the worst I have ever had.  It was clearly frozen, thawed quickly, and microwaved for the warm fresh made taste.   What we received was chewy (and not even remotely in a good way).  About five minutes after it arrived it cooled and basically became a rock.  It did come with about a half a pound of their "signature" butter with cinnamon in it (gross.).  Our hamburger and soup took 35 minutes (again in an empty restaurant) and we only received it after asking for it.  
All in all the food was not awful (although had clearly sat our for a bit), which is the only reason I am not giving this 1 star.Ok... I had crab and corn chowder and a salad. Food was decent enough. Definitely a nice place to eat and relax. Service was terrible. It's as if the waitress was doing us a favor - she had a terrible attitude. And we could hear people shouting from the kitchen.We had dinner last night. I had the crab sandwich,    my wife had the NY strip, my son had the salmon and my daughter had the pizza. The food was good. Our waiter ((Ed) was very friendly, attentive and made it kid friendly.congratulations, mine that bird, on winning the kentucky derby! with 50-1 odds, you were a long shot, and those who bet on you walked away with a nice payout. as for me, i wasn't quite as lucky.
i did, however, luck out with where i ended up going to watch the 135th derby: thirteen. until i set foot inside this contemporary little bistro in the lobby of the marriott hotel, i had no idea it even existed. and as a local, why would i really? it's not one of the finer hotels in the city and there's not much else going on in that general area to bring me in. 
this is a perfect place for watching a sporting event (or 2) as they have a HUGE screen in the center of the bar, with 4 smaller flat screens on each side, angled so that you have a great view no matter where you are seated. the derby was on the big screen and half of the small ones, and the phils game was on the rest. perfect.
the boy and i had plans to go to dinner afterwards, so we just got a couple glasses of wine and shared an app. the spinach & artichoke dip was decent (it's hard to mess this up) and served with everything seasoned flatbreads, which i love. we were curious about the pretzel encrusted mozzarella app and the stuffed peppers entree, but decided to save those for the next time we come in to watch a game.
so why only 3 stars? well, for one, the neighborhood. other than reading terminal, there's little reason to head over that way. the prices are typical for a hotel bar - high - so i would have to try more food to see if it's worth the price tag. the bartenders were bickering behind the bar more than they were tending to our drinks. which, mind you, were NOT mint juleps as they had run out of mint earlier in the day. wtf?I was staying at the Marriott for a conference and needed to be gone by 8am. This was the only place nearby that was open. The menu was limited but diverse. My breakfast was good, but it took more than 40 minutes for my food to come out. My server rarely checked on me. The place was not even busy. I had to rush to eat and pay.Went here with a friend based on a groupon deal...great food, great service outdoor seating is perfect for summer dining. A bit pricey but worth it in my opinionThe hotel offer us for the breakfast. It was very well service, the lady start with beautiful smile and help us with the drinks and order.
The food was very well prepared, large portion with neat decoration. The omelette I got was very well made and tasty. Very good experience in here at thirteenth.Pass. My filet mignon was burned 1/4 inch through on one side (someone forgot about it) and drenched in a red wine sauce. The vegetables were overcooked and the service was not attentive. There were 3 tables occupied. I won't return.This is a rather cool space and relatively inexpensive for a hotel based restaurant.  The Steak Cobb Salad was only $14.00, not bad for especially when compared to the prices of most of the similar caliber places around the City Hall area.   The salad was fabulous and the server quite friendly.  
Overall a good experience and not what I would normally expect for a restaurant in a hotel.From the hostess to the waitress there is a MUCH needed training on service with a smile (or at least a sorta grin). I'm not sure what's going on behind the scenes but they seem to be frustrated and angry which then makes the customer feel less than important. Caesar salad was "okay" according to one of the people in my party. My crab and corn soup was yummy, cheesesteak was "pretty good", shrimp tacos are "good" and the crab cakes got a "uuuhhmmm this is good". So the food according to my compadres is good but the service could use LOTS of improvement.Do NOT come to this bar! What poor service. The bar claims when people order a whiskey straight up it is automatically a double pour! Never been to bar anywhere that does this! Server argues that is norm and it is ridiculous.  The bar service is aloof and flippant. When you place your order do not expect it to arrive and plan to follow up several times. The only thing it has going for it is that next to convention center.The food is good and price is fair. But the service is very slow. I stay at the Marriott for 10 days and it is reasonable for a marriott.I was initially ignored by a male host who chose to greet a group before acknowledging my presence. However, after that incident the service was great. I ordered a salad and crab cakes--both were very good.When you order a veggie burger under the sandwich/burger category you basically assume you'd be getting a veggie patty on top of some sort of bun/bread w/ whatever fixings you'd want on top, right?
At thirteen, that's wrong. When you order a veggie burger, you get the patty and three slices of tomato and a squiggle of mayo as plate decor. 
I don't get it. Where is the bun? Why is it under the sandwich section? Because according to the dictionary, they define sandwich as a food item, typically consisting of two or more slices of bread with one or more fillings between them. OR 
Verb: Insert or squeeze (someone or something) between two other people or things, typically in a restricted space or so as to be uncomfortable.
No bread so that means my patty was not restricted in space therefore it cannot be defined as sandwich
Correct your menu and stop confusing me.
Side note - other items I've tried here have been quite mediocre.This was not a good place to eat. I first tried a ciroc appletini. Just terrible. No flavor but straight alcohol. For $15 it was a waste. I tired the Philly steak sandwich. Lots of meat. Soft bun. Barely a dab of sauce. Very dry. I would not recommend eating or drinking here.Attempted to have breakfast, service sucked. I had to ask for waitress and still no one came over. They were cleaning off tables instead of helping a customer. So we got up and walked out. I won't attempt to come back.Burger was awesome with candied bacon and thick chicken fried potato wedges. Very tasty with my cold beer after a long day! Hit the spot!!This was a business breakfast for five people. I started with fresh squeezed orange and grapefruit juice combo. It was delicious. The waitress, Desiree, recommended the Kennet Square omelet with fresh mushrooms and the crab Benedict. Two of the five of us tried them. 
My friend agreed the mushrooms were good but it was a bit over salted.
I couldn't decide between that and the quinoa bowl. She went into detail describing both so it made it easier. I was impressed; she knew the menu. 
One person ordered an egg white omelette but it came out regular. They redid it quickly. 
I got the avocado toast. Avocado was a spread and very thinly spread and not all the way to the edges. Pickled eggs flavor came through. Salmon was smoked.  It was ok. 
Waitress brought us to go cups at the end to take a cup of coffee.
Service amazing!I can only speak for going to Sips at Thirteen, but I was always a huge fan. Their cosmos were delicious - plenty of alcohol, especially for $4 or $5 (can't remember what it was)!! My friend got the mussels one time when we went and she said they were good. My only complaint is one time I was leaving and realized I needed bread/baguette to go with dinner. I asked the server if they had any bread I could purchase. She told me all they had was a hoagie roll and that it'd be $5. Wtf!I ate here once for breakfast and twice for dinner.  The food and service was outstanding every time.  For breakfast I had the brioche French toast with bacon, which was nice.  The only thing I didn't like was that the bread was very soggy in some areas.   My first night, I had the crab cake with sweet potatoes and avocado salad for dinner.  Very tasty.  The avocado salad was just okay, but it was small portion, so that was fine.  The second night, I had the filet mignon and lobster mac and cheese.  Delicious!  The filet was so tender, my knife glided right thru it.  I am not a big red meat eater, so I normally only eat half of my steak, but it was so good, I finished it off in no time.  The lobster mac was so good I didn't want to finish it!  I didn't pay much attention to the prices, as my office was covering it, but I think it was average for a hotel restaurant.Very disappointing. I was at a conference at the Marriott, which houses Thirteen, and we had a 45minute break for "lunch." I was smart enough to nab an Open Table reservation for a party of 6 so we could dine quickly without venturing too far. The design of the restaurant was actually a pleasant surprise! It was very chic, modern and clean.  However, the service was really well below average. The place wasn't too busy, especially considering that there was a conference going on. There were plenty of open tables and lots of wait staff milling about. Despite the abundance of staff and the ample seating, service was slow and not too pleasant. Our food took forever and made everyone miss the next session after the break. The quality of the food was above average. I had the crab cake sandwich on the recommendation of our waitress and was pleased. However, in the future I would probably travel further for a more satisfying experience.
FYI: Apparently Thirteen was named for the 13 original colonies.1: first time ate here on 05/30 was great
2: second time not so good
3: no one in front -- women said she was off somewhere and the guy well who knows maybe he was to busy being on the phone BSing and then asks the women where she was. well where the hell were you???
4: so we went to the back where the buffet is and Gladys comes off as a gang buster
5: ok my niece and her wife are gay but Gladys makes them look Straight!  -- keep the dyke attitude at home
6: Not very nice and does not know who to talk to people if your not happy where you work go to where you only have to deal with animals
7: Breakfast is good
8: second day different server and OMG a human being very nice 
9: If no one is at the front desk after waiting what am I suppose to do? Hotel needs to look into this or at least the owner
10: but on the whole a good place for breakfast.
11: we will eat there again when we are in philly againI came here just for the "13" because I had a gift certificate from restaurant.com (25$ off 35$ order of food). There was no problem using it. The waitress was friendly although she did give us a wine that was slightly more expensive based on little misscommunication on both parts. 
I ordered the NY Strip which came with a side, I got the Lobster Mac and Cheese. The NY Strip was cooked the way I wanted which was medium-rare. The 13 steak sauce wasn't too bad. 
The Lobster Mac and Cheese was delicious! It is only a side dish, yet it is way better than Continental's Lobster MnC. For a side dish it was a generous portion.. about 2/3 of Continentals; Continentals is 18$, the lobster MnC is only 7$ and more delicious.Don't go here. Was at the hotel for a conference and thought to grab a quick dinner at the end of a long day. Restaurant was empty. Drinks (water!) took over 20 minutes to arrive. Dinner took over an hour to be served. Food was awful and service was horrendous. There are so many wonderful restaurants within walking distance. My advice is to go anywhere but here.We only had drinks at the bar, and our bartender Mark was fantastic, mixing perfect Old Fashioneds!Delicious food! Great service. Definitely recommend reservations. Came here with Groupon. Pricey without Groupon. Steak salad was great.Food is great. Quality ingredients. Servers are a little tired but very polite. Service is a little on the slow side.Waiters sucks. They all hustle everyone. The guy who brings the food looks like he wants a tip and stands there.Meh. Just okay. My chicken and mashed potatoes were great, as was the pretzel appetizer, but it took AGES to get the food. The waiter said the steak was "the best steak you'd ever have in your life" and my friend who got the steak was less than impressed. It was very dry. Everything seemed very overpriced for how basic it was.