Not good pizza, at ALL. This place is strictly for if you're really drunk and want a quick fix. I went there alone and sober (I am a loser, I know) and the slices were small, untasty (?) and plain not satisfying. If you are looking for quality late-night (past pub closing time) food on weekends, hit up Paulie's on 11th betw Market and Chestnut, pizza is great and usually not crowded. Steer clear of this place unless you're looking to score some guys.Too many undesirable people flittering about outside the shop detract from the atmosphere which is little to non-existence in this hole in the wall location. Wedged between a door for apartments upstairs and an empty storefront is where this place is.
The prices go up every couple months. Too bad the quality doesn't reflect it. It is pefect for sucking up the booze from a night out an the fact that your drunk helps make this pallateable.Only if it's 3 am and there are no other options, and you are really drunk.   I ordered one of their interesting sounding gourmet pizzas, and the unedible nachos.  What the hell are those nachos?   The pizza, I kid you not, was raw, and not even cut into slices.  I have never had that in my life, and I am 40.    
It was as if a new guy made my order in 4 seconds, blindfolded and high.     It took 1.5 hrs to get there, and was 23 bucks, plus the 3 I thipped the driver.  Driver was really nice, and apologized for the delay.   
Unacceptable.  Lucky for them, they were my only option.Fallen from Grace. I travel most of the year for work and have always made it a point to come here for pizza any time I've been near Philadelphia the last 11 years. They use quality ingredients and are very creative while still offering classics. However the last three times I've gone the quality has gone down horribly. They still seem to be using quality ingredients, but have gotten rather sloppy and cheap in how they put pies together. The crusts are too thick on the edges and paper thin (even had two holes in one slice) in the center. What very little sauce they put on tastes great,  but you just wish there was some in every bite. The toppings are scarce and they just don't seem to care about their product any longer. I hate to give up on this once AMAZING place and will come again the next time I'm here in hopes that they've improved.Gay Pizza, I have never eaten this sober but its always delicious after a liquid dinner at happy hour or being out in the gay hood for a a few too many hours. 
Staff is friendly and they even have a new gate to keep the line orderly after the bars close.After a long day of walking around philly, going the the science museum and then to the phillies game, all i wanted to do was curl up in my hotel bed and sleep... and have a snack!   So we walked from the train to our hotel, convinced that we had passed a late night pizza place. We had not.
We asked out hotel for guidance and then directed us here.  However we had to walk pretty much all the way back to wear the train had dropped us off.  needless to say... my feet hurt and i thought "This better be darn good pizza"
And it was. The selection of pizza made it really tough to choose what i wanted.  I ended up going with some kind of chicken ranch white pizza thing and just plain cheese.  Both were excellent, but i did like the plain cheese better.    
The only really big issue was the cost.  I think our four slices of pizza ended up being well over $10.  Seems like a lot for a relatively easy dish.  However, when its late and you're hungry, you'll pay anything in order to eat!The buffalo chicken pizza was great, but would've been even better if it wasn't cold by the time it was eventually delivered to us...over two hours after we initially placed our order.  Phone calls for status updates on delivery were answered with "we're on our way out the door right now" and "the delivery guy is having trouble finding your address."  A classic "my dog ate your order" response would have been comparable in terms of believability.omg. the WORST pizza ever.  okay, it's not like vomit-inducing, but it has no flavor at all.  even with toppings.   It's only good for 3 am when you're done dancing across the street at woody's....and at that time, you'll eat anything.
bottom line:  if you're sober, avoid at all costs.  if you're drunk it will help soak up the alcoholI AM a regular at 13th street pizza, lovingly know as Gay Pizza or Homo Hut due to it's location. However, my check-ins don't represent that since it's usually 2:00 am and I'm "feeling the fruits of life" and forget to check-in. 
This place used to be great. They lost one of their best employees and now it's so hap hazardly run, that I don't enjoy making it my late night munchie spot.  If I was writing this review a year ago it would be anywhere from 4-5 stars, now I'm at a 2 with them. They know what employee left, and they know how shitty the service is now...they better make some changes quick.I had a great experience with 13th st. The Mega Cheesy Bread is delicious, as is their pizza. Wings aren't quite crispy, but the flavor was good. 
The customer service though--is fantastic. I had the most courteous delivery guy I've ever had, and I ordered the wrong pizza--I had my new one in 15 mins. 
I'll definitely order again.The other night, on a late-night walk back to my hotel from an amazing piano recital at the Kimmel Center, I was bored-hungry and in absolutely no real hurry to go to bed, so why not stop in Homo Hut / Gay Pizza for a few minutes... I've been here quite a few times over the years, why not take a quick stroll down Memory Lane...
The pizza is just okay -- it can be good if you order what's freshest -- personally I prefer their Sicilian Slices which are nice and flaky, covered with just the right amount of Marinara and Cheese and Vegetables -- but their other stuff, such as their regular "pie" is, in my opinion, sub-par, even when it comes right out of oven, but especially so when it's been sitting around awhile and gets re-heated.
The people here are either gay (the guys working the cash-register) or gay-friendly (the guys making the pizza), lots and lots of mess come in and out, and nobody has ever seemed to be too intolerant or mean which I've always found rather surprising -- it's a delicate balance, and can be rather entertaining after a long night of drinking at one of the nearby watering-holes.This was without a doubt the ABSOLUTE WORST food ordering experience I have ever had in my life. I've never used yelp, I've never actually written an online review of any type, and I had to immediately sign up at 2AM just to make sure no one makes the mistake I made. The food was horrendous. It wasn't the correct order. It was cold/stale/past date? 
The staff was fine except the manager. She refused to speak to me about my complaint.Pizza is not cooked! They just delivered us a raw un-cooked pizza. The only plus is they are opened until 330am for night shift workers. I wish I would have waited until breakfast. It's just awfulRough place. Slices are truly awful. They say they deliver until 4:00 am but they clearly do not. Also, very unreliable with delivery, ice ordered here before and they often decide to just to not deliver your pizza and not tell you.  I recommend avoiding  it!The pizza tastes good but the service sucks!! They served me a cold slice, I asked them to heat it up again and they returned it with the middle still cold. There's no indoor seating but they kicked us out at 4:02 because they close at 4am but when it was  20 degrees outside and we we hadn't finished eating (while standing up). Absolultely awful to treat your patrons like that!I knooooow this pizza I swear soo good and after coming out of the club on a cold night their food hits the spot!In town for business and arrived late to my hotel. This appeared to be the only convenient food available outside of the chips, etc from my hotel's lobby marketplace. Saw the reviews and nervously went forward with my delivery order, thinking, "How can you screw up a pepperoni pizza?" Contrary to other reviews, my delivery ordered within 45 minutes as promised. Pizza was delivery-caliber hot, nothing to write home about, but not by any means terrible...hence the "Meh. I've experienced better" rating. That's my two cents.Oh "Gay Pizza" aka "Ok Pizza" aka"Homo Hut",  I love you so hard.
This is a great place to get really nice old school Italian pizza.   I'm not a pizza snob, but it might be the best pizza I've had in a forever.  It's 2 dollars a slice for cheese or 3 bucks for a topping.  They've also got delivery until FOUR IN THE MORNING.
You can't sit in here--only a little aisle you stand at while waiting for your food, and it's mad busy when the bars let out.When your drunk at night unfortunately you make bad decisions. I made a terrible one last night, and I am still trying to forgive myself. No it's not what you think, I didn't stay up all night doing coke and messing with strippers. 
I paid 12 bucks for two pieces of pizza.I ordered a pizza and they told me one hour. An hour and 20 minutes later (and a phone call) my pizza finally came.. And it tasted terrible. On top of the awful taste, it was mostly crust. Bad crust. Never again. Not even sure why I gave it the second star.I went here after a concert at Electric Factory. A friend of mine told me this place had good buffalo chicken pizza. And she was so right! Their pizza rocks! At first I thought it was the alcohol in my system, but the next day I went for lunch and the pizza was still just as good!! I've always thought Philly had terrible pizza, but this place gives me hope!
They have a wide variety of pizza, everyone seemed to be ordering the mac n cheese slices.
Best part: 2 slices and a can of soda for 5 bucks, any two slices too!
Can it be anymore awesome?Paid $10 for two meatball slices, but notice that one slice has no meatball on it and tell the woman who is expediting. Woman, with her BARE hands takes one meatball off the other slice (which only has 3 minuscule meatballs) and puts it on the other slice!!!  I told her that was gross and unsanitary, but she proceeded to laugh in my face. Disgraceful. Just lost our business.. We've spent $100s of dollars there in the past for community events, etc but will no more.I've had 13th street pizza a number of times - for both late night cravings (they deliver until 4 am - and they are open until 4 am), and just afternoon cravings.  All of them are generally fulfilled by 13th street in an "okay" fashion.  Their pizza is good, not Lazarros or the other South Philly establishments level of great.  The crust is good, the toppings are generally fresh, the sauce is good, and the cheese is a-okay. It tastes decent the next day too, which is exciting.  I'm just such a big fan of Lazarro's and Franco-Luigi's that I think I am having trouble enjoying other pizza establishments.  
Go here if you are hungry late nite, or if you want pizza and you are around 13th street.  Otherwise, there are other great places in Philly.Pretty much the only time you're going to be satisfied here is around 1:50am on your way out of Woody's, Tavern, TaBu or (insert local gay bar here). The pizza is perfect drunk food but you can tell it's less-than-amazing in the sober light of day. 
The counter area is a nightmare (the register/ordering area is 2 feet from the door...if there are 3 people ahead of you, you'll be standing outside) and the staff seems to have trouble keeping track of who ordered what. Numerous times I've had to wait extra time because the person at the register failed to inform anyone that I'd ordered any pizza at all, and a few times I've had the guys behind the counter force extra slices on me because "that's what I ordered"...Oh, okay. 
I've also witnessed more drunk tranny crackhead fights in this place than my dignity allows me to admit. It's good for a nice floor show, at least.Best dive pizza I have seen in a while.
So they deliver until 4AM.  I didn't need to do this because I stayed within a block of here both nights (two different hotels).  Certainly it is in the "Gay-borhood" and the rainbow flags one the city street signs leave no mistake here.  That was why Betty and I picked this area, being from SF and all.
Anyway, there are A LOT of drunk people looking for pizza between 1 and 4AM.  It was the most eclectic group of people I have seen in Philly (even more so than Bob and Barbara's).  Post-Opp Trannies, frat boys, hipsters, WT/red-necks, preppies, and any other stereo-type (not to mention ethnicity) all coming together for the common purpose of curing the "I'm too drunk to drive" munchies (myself included, even though I could see the hotel I was staying at from the line to get in.  The pizza is very thin crust.  There are A LOT of varieties to choose from and a lot of people behind the counter to help you.  You will be in and out FAST.WARNING: DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!
 I would give this place no stars if i could. We never received the food that we actually order but a bunch of random items. All the food was arctic cold and smelled/taste like it spoiled. When we called to complain the manger refused to get on the phone. No one was able to help us get our correct order or money back. I would highly suggest you not waste your time/money ordering here and dealing with this huge disappointment.I have mixed thoughts about this place, if you're drunk and it's 2am in the morning then this place rules.
Other then that, there's so many other better pizza options. My friends and I refer to this place as the "dry pizza spot", all of the pizza looks dehydrated and the plain slices look like someone grated their elbow skin onto it.Anyone who gave this place bad reviews doesn't understand pizza.  It was absolutely delicious!!!!  The dough was fluffy and fresh, the cheese and sauce combo was perfect, and best of all.... delivery only took 17 minutes from the time of order to the knock at my door.  Totally impressed by that.  If you're home, hungry and want some tasty pizza this is your spot.  *Note, it's not thin crust pizza. Somewhere in the middle of deep dish and thin crust is where you'll find this dough -- at least for the Medium size.The pizza here was OK, but not great. Especially as I have a higher standard for pizza and sandwiches whenever I am visiting the East Coast. This place was mostly just in a convenient location (across from Woody's in the gay district). Nothing spectacular about the pizza, but decent and easy to get to. So, I suppose 3 stars is what I'll give it.
And... that's all I have to say about that.13th Street Pizza came through for me after a 12-hour alcohol session surrounding a friend's wedding. When we finally wrapped up the party a little after 1am, my husband and I ordered our drunk pizza from 13th Street Pizza, as many of the other pizza places near our hotel were closed at that hour. The delivery man was a hipster (bonus). I ate 2 slices that night, which were super greasy and perfect. I then, like the pizza-slob that I am, had my 2 other slices for breakfast the next morning, when I paid more attention to how great the pizza was. I was shocked to find only 3 stars on Yelp. The crust was still thin and chewy, even after sitting out all night, the pepperoni and cheese were deliciously salty, and the sauce was good, not too much. They even sprinkled parmesan cheese all over the pie. I really loved this pizza.I lived across from this pizza establishment and it was my go to place for a late night slice of thin crust delicious pizza at a great price. Gotta love the PB&J pizza which is sooooo good. They had all kinds of flavor combinations.
It is a great place to grab a bite to eat when you are out clubbing at Woody's or Sisters Night Club, there is a long line out the door at night or on weekends, be prepared!I'll admit it, this is my late night, drunk night, end of the night pizza place.  Which is why I think it's utterly delicious.  (hell, I think Ellios is gourmet supreme when I've had more than my alcoholic share).  So take it with a grain of salt.  In the light of day, it's clear that that I've had beer/wine/liquor goggles with this place - this isn't good pizza.  It's the I've-partied-all-night-need-to-stuff-my-gullet-with-some-carbs-before-I-pass-out-in-a-cab-on-the-way-home* pizza - which basically means, you should only be eating this pizza after you've had more than a few and your taste and judgment are clearly impaired.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
* Let me note, I'm not proud of this fact.
** p.s. the fact that I was able to even 'check in' even once at his place should get a special mention.  That's impressive.Terrible phone skills. The pizza never showed up. Yes it's late but at least let me know you have no intention of delivering the food I payed for on my credit card.Gay pizza!!  I always get gay pizza after Sisters.  It's lovely.  I talk to strangers and nom nom on the street.  I don't get all of the awful reviews.  The workers are super social and friendly, the pizza is decent, and it's just generally an amusing place.  You usually see a lot of people who look like they're going to fall asleep standing up nomming down at like 1am.  I wouldn't ever go out of my way for this.. but come on, it's not bad!Apparently no matter how much we have eaten in the previous 10 hours, John T and I are always RAVENOUS when the clock strikes 11 on a sunday night. 
How convinient it is that everything closes at 11 on a sunday night and we are SOL. 
Not wanting to have the same unfortunate experience that we had 7 days ago exactly with Southside pizza (and their notorious fish n chips), we decided to give our only other option a try...gay pizza.
Who knew they delivered? Or that they existed outside of the 12 - 3 am time frame Thurs-Sat? I thought it was like that movie, Trading Mom, where the market magically disapears in the sunlight.
1 hour and 15 minutes later, the bike finally pulls up outside of our front door with....WINGS AND GARLIC BREAD (totally sober guys, seriously).
The wings were great and the garlic bread was OOC. It smelled like escargots (my personal favorito) and tasted like heaven and butter mixed together. 
"My mouth is a mixture of toothpaste and buffalo sauce, and maybe tiger balm." - John T. (the summation of our evening)
xoWhen people think of post-bar pizza, typically most people think of South street.  Homohut is far and away superior in every aspect.  Let's break down why 13th street pizza destroys that other super-touristy-popular pizza shop.  Starting with the clientele while in line, most people will not be as annoying as people you'll meet on South street.  Generally the bros from across the river steer clear of Midtown.  And then the line itself is no where near as long.  Then the pizza.  It's not a doughy mess with plastic cheese like said South location.  AND you can get a wide variety of toppings while being on par with the price of one floppy, plain mess.  MULTIKILL.I'm a tourist in Philadelphia. I ordered some pizza from this place at 8:15 or so on a Wednesday night. Estimated delivery time over an hour, even though it was literally just around the corner from my hotel. When it arrived it was not at all a flat pizza that looked like in the photos. It was folded over like a calzone and I had to pull it open to see if it even had the toppings on it that I ordered. Not only that, but it was less than lukewarm.
Terrible.13th Street Gourmet Pizza AKA Gay Pizza is the best late night pizza you could possibly get in Center City.  The options are endless and and so tasty. Mac n Cheese, buffalo chicken, bbq chicken, veggie, etc....All in the thin crust form with the exception of the sicillian options they have. The staff is always great in my experience and the pizza is to die for- drunk or sober. They  are open 4 pm-4 am on the weekends I believe ( if my drunk eyes served me correctly last weekend)  The later you go, the longer you will most likely stand in line. All worth it though for a yummy slice to soak up a night of drinking.  
If you haven't been, make a note. It's phenoms.I ordered from them as there was a menu in the welcome book of the hotel I'm staying at. It's a very nice hotel so we figured surely they would recommend greatness. Food arrived an hour later than it was supposed to after we called to inquire where it was at and it was cold. We ordered the killer nachos. They should be renamed soggy nachos put together with zero effort. 2 bites and we tossed the dish out. The four cheese pizza and mushrooms tasted like salt and blue cheese. I made it through 1.5 slices before my stomach started turning. Lastly, we ordered the sweet cinnamon nuggets. These tasted like dinner roles covered in quik chocolate syrup and marshmallows. There was ZERO cinnamon and there was ZERO sweetness. I don't know if they effed up and put salt instead of sugar but we had 1 bite and couldn't bare to take another. I feel like all the better reviews may be coming from people who eat their food drunk and prob not realizing how truly bad it is (we all know anything tastes good when drunk) I have never done a review for anything but this "food" was so gross I couldn't not review it. You have been forewarned. This is lazy cooking at it's best. If this site would allow me to give zero stars I would. The staff also weren't the moat friendly over the phone. Please learn from our $30 mistake!We stopped by here at 10pm for a quick bite. I ordered the penne alfredo (it's a pizza place, I know, I know), but they were unable to make it because the head guy who makes it wasn't there. They were super nice about it too...it was as if your gay friend opened up a pizza place and couldn't make the pasta you wanted.
I got a slice of plain and a slice of ranch chicken instead. I'm not a huge crust fan, so the super thin crust made me happy! :) The ranch chicken was the best I've ever had...mmmm! 
Great place!It's a gayborhood institution. Usually a good array of veggi friendly pizza, served w a side of sass. Gets crowded when the clubs let out but the line moves quick. Occasionally they have a bad night (last night the guy wasn't heating up anyone's slice enough and had an attitude when people mentioned it) but overall, most customers are drunk and could not care less.
Ps...BRING BACK PB&J PIZZA!!Ok, so. I came in for a slice, but I got a lil something more. I was waiting in line like Oliver Twist when the guy behind me wouldn't shut up, his loquacious obnoxious breath billowing into my delicate ears. I was really grateful that I had a gourmet piece of edible to shovel into my face instead of talking to this loser. Delcious, check. Distracting, check. Thank you for salvaging what could have been a Disaster.I've been here twice now. It's open laate so that is good, but the pizza is nothing to crave. I would use the word dry. I prefer my pizza with a good amount of sauce rather than just cheese and bread.we were waiting for our delivery for an hour and was calling the place several times.... it was busy or it kept ringing --- finally, they answered and told me our order was cancelled!!!! no it was not cancelled and whoever picked up the phone just hung up on me!!! so rude and unprofessional!!!!This place has gone terribly downhill. A couple years ago, one could score a slice for a competitive price and the end result was as good as it could be for what it was. But now $4 a slice for something that has nary a topping and a fraction of what a slice here used to be. No, thank you. This place used to be a reward after a night out around these parts. Now, it's totally a waste of time and calories. Go elsewhere.CANCEL THIS REVIEW. I WILL REPOST WITH A NEW USERNAME. Ordered this for delivery to my hotel room. The pizza was awful and in my opinion, unfit for human consumption. The salad was "edible" but would get a one star rating from me.This is the worst pizza and some of the worst customer service I've had in Philadelphia.  In Philly, bad service I've come to expect, but bad pizza?  Come on.  How does this place even survive?
My wife was hankering for some deep-dish pizza.  We had both heard that it's hard/impossible to find in Philly, but that wasn't going to stop her.  From 13th Street she ordered one plain deep-dish pizza, delivered.
When it came (in much less than the 30-45 minute estimate) she was upstairs and so I received the delivery guy.  He said, "er, it's 17, I mean.. 18 bucks."  I was like, "hmmm... how much again?"  "18 bucks."  Okay, so it sounded dodgy, but I gave him a twenty.  I didn't feel like getting into it any further because the dog was barking and lunging at him and our three year old was shrieking.
My wife comes downstairs, opens the box of pizza, and is like, "this isn't deep dish."  I have a look over her shoulder and am like, "no, no it certainly isn't."  She calls them to explain the mistake.  BUT NO.  They most *definitely* made and sent out a deep dish pizza.  She argued for a bit but they were a brick wall of rudeness and denial.
And get this... IT WAS COLD.  It became very clear that they didn't make a pizza for us, it wasn't deep dish, and they just grabbed a cold, crappy pizza off the shelf to deliver.
The crust was terrible.  Very very bad.  Worse than airport pizza. It was tough like cardboard and tasted the same.
The best thing about this pizza was the sauce.  The sauce was okay.
The cheese was only sparsely applied, rubbery, and without flavor.
Just awful, awful pizza.
My wife asks me how much I paid.  I'm like, well, it was $18 so I gave him a $20.  She was like, "they told me $15 on the phone."  There are multiple layers to this scam.
So:
They are a bunch of lying, cheating ba$tards.
The pizza isn't just mediocre, it is TERRIBLE.
Lesson learned:
Don't even think about trying to eat deep dish in Philly.  Stick to tomato pie from Sarcone's or Little Italy.  Eating deep dish is like rooting for the Mets.  Come to think of it, maybe this is a kind of practical joke on Philly immigrants.Ok, so. I came in for a slice, but I got a lil something more. I was waiting in line like Oliver Twist when the guy behind me had a shall we say accident. Talk about jumping your gun. I was really grateful that I had a gourmet piece of edible to shovel into my face instead of talking to this loser. Delcious, check. Distracting, check. Thank you for salvaging what could have been a Disaster.I've had some pretty bad pizza before, but this has to be the WORST pizza I have EVER had in my LIFE!!! I'm not even exaggerating. One bite was all it took to know, this pizza is a slap in the face to Italian-American cuisine and pizza enthusiasts everywhere. Any favorable reviews look to be from people that either A) work here or B) are intoxicated to the point that their judgement and/or ability to taste has become severely impaired. You're better off eating the box it came in, than actually consuming this pizza. Actually, that would require you to pay money for this pizza.. so on second thought, you're better off buying and assembling together a Lunchables brand pizza or finding a can of pizza flavored Pringles.i am having an affair.
with gay pizza.
nearly every weekend between the hours of 2:30 and 3:30am. i try to pretend i can say "no" and be strong, but each time i glance over and smell the sweet scent of pizza, before i know it, i am heading towards that impressively long line.
i almost never regret it. but even when i do, i conveniently forget the following weekend.
i also love the staff. i will eventually cave and buy one of the tshirts.This place is infamous for the 2-4am munchies after the bars and clubs let out.  It's not bad, but if you are sober and it's daylight and want good pizza there are other places to go.
If you've just stumbled out of Woody's or Voyuer, go for it.Okay bottom line... perfect place to go when your drunk. Although it gets crowded especially on Friday/Saturday nights when Woody's is open. Avoid it around 2 am for this reason. The line is out the door.
I think my most memorable experience here was a 3:30 am drunk munchies run & I ended up getting the most ridiculous pizza on the menu: nacho pizza. Literally a tray of nachos dumped on a slice of pizza. At the time... delicious. In reality, probably not that good.
In all honesty, sober their pizza isn't that great. But drunk? Perfection. Also the staff is always nice and entertaining. As sloppy as you may be they'll always call you "sweetheart" and treat you with kindness.
4 stars - service/atmosphere
3 stars - pizzaWell... they're open late and that's a good thing.  When your a bit drunk and really craving some cheesey goodness, you should probably go somewhere else, but if you don't feel like it, grab a slice from 13th Street.  They do have a big selection, at least 15 or so choices.  It's hard to really see what they have because they get really packed at times, especially when all the bars close, and they're very small inside.  
The last time I went I ordered 4 slices to split with me and a friend and I did a double take when she told me the cost, $24!!  Are you serious?  Your pizza is not worth this much.  This is Philadelphia and there are 20 other great pizza restaurants within 2 blocks.I love this place.  I don't care what the bad reviews say. I have never had bad service, and only ever had to wait once, at 1:30 am on a Saturday night, their busiest time.  I only ever get plain or tomato pie, but they are both very good, and the service (and servers) are always fabulous.  I never leave without smile, and I always leave with pretty good pizza.This place is awful.   The pizza is soggy and stale and the employees are assholes.  Literally the worst place to get pizza in Philadelphia unless you are so drunk you don't give a crap.   Pure awful.  I think I would vomit if I eat here Again.   Sucks.every time i've tried their pizza (and i don't even know why i keep coming back), it's been cold. and just last saturday, we were told we couldn't eat in the place and were kicked out as soon as we paid for our COLD pizza. very rude! anywyas, not sure what the hype is about... macaroni pizza also was very cold and bland.Just like a Gay Fashionista's wardrobe, Gay Pizza is apparently expensive, too.
Pricey pizza! But the staff is friendly and they've got some good selections.  I'm always a fan of the broccoli cheese..and evesdropping on the muy interesante conversations (and get-ups) surrounding me as I try to forget about the caloric intake I'm about to ingest.Ordered two penne pasta dishes for delivery while staying in Philly.  They estimated 30-45 minutes. It took 1.5 hours! My hotel was 4 blocks away!  When I finally received my food, it was cold and neither dish was penne pasta. And neither dish was good.None of their pizzas taste good and are very overpriced. Suitable only for drunk bingesThis place is only good for the area it's in. For drunk, overly expressive drama queens, and lumber Jack chicks. Asked for a plain slice and got hungry eating the damn thing. I wasn't even drunk, just wanted something to satify my cravings. What a bust! I did get some good entertainment outside with the queens fighting over some thug. SighPros: Will answer your phone calls (if their lines are open). Will take your order. Will charge your credit card. Will tell you how long you have to wait. Will assure you of pizza delivery. Will even modify your order after your initial call.
Cons: Will not deliver your pizza.
edit: The epilogue to this story is that one nice employee apologized for the error and brought us our two pizzas upon request the next day. They were decent and had a ton of good toppings, so I was a little less upset. So I'll up them to two stars for the effort.So my rating might be influenced by my 2am state of hunger whenever I make the trip to "gay pizza," but this place provides the perfect menu for your evening cravings. Who ever said macaroni and cheese, philly cheesesteak, or penne pasta couldn't be pizza toppings? $5 a slice seems a little steep until you realize that they're loaded with toppings that alone would constitute a meal. Even if you're waiting outside in line at 3am you're sure to have a good time making friends. Be prepared for service that is friendly, but sometimes inefficient. It's easy for orders to get mixed up...understandably as their major clientele arrives just as clubs and bars are closing.Ordered late night. I'm a block away and it took still an hour for a Cesar salad that ended up been delivered to me without dressing and without hardware.drunk. yum. gay.
yes, please, thank you.
while we all can recognize that it is not the most mind-blowing pizza...it tastes ahhhhmazing at 2:30 in the morning when you are drunk, danced out, starving and have conveniently forgot about your diet. the line is worth it and you definitely will not be without entertainment while you wait. listen to your belly and eat the pizza! ignore your thoughts in the morning when you remember how many slices you gave in to.Four dollars for a slice of Sicilian?  Does that come with a line of blow and a rim job . . . 'cause that would almost make it worth it.  Otherwise, if it weren't for drunken morons who pay that kind of money for mediocre pizza, this place would be out of business in a sassy heartbeat.Five stars for being open late, convenient to bars, and having really good pizza. Not just standard pepperoni or sausage either: artichokes, multi-cheese, etc.I called 13th St. Pizza around 1:30 in the morning, after work (I work in a restaurant FOH no less) for a delivery. I've had food from here before and was looking forward to it again. The first time I called I was instantly placed on hold, then promptly hung up on. I called back and after being placed on hold again, a "girl" picked up and rather rudely began going through the motions of taking my information. This girl was clearly not thrilled about taking my order and asked for more information than was needed. After she took my info, she started telling me that I can not pay in cash, I asked why and without manners or even a pretense of professionally, simply said "That's how it is, if you don't like it go somewhere else." I was taken aback and now short on patience myself asked to speak with a manager. I was then yelled at, told that there wasn't even a manager there, rudely asked again if I wanted to place a "CASH only, CASH order." At this point I asked for a manager again, yelled at again then hung up on! Never in my life. Fast food employees in bad neighborhoods in Detroit aren't even this rude or disrespectful. I am honestly upset. I call back and another employee named Tyrique answered. Not only was he polite, but extremely helpful and solved my problem. Needless to say, I am now waiting on my food. I'm thankful for other industry professionals who know the value of proper restaurant and phone etiquette for every single customer. Tyrique and the delivery driver will both be tipped and I will stop in tomorrow to speak with management about whatever "girl" who treated me in such an improper manner.We just had the most horrendous experience trying their pizza last night, if you can even call it pizza, that I had to yelp it. I'd like to give them negative 5 stars. 
We got home to a friend's house after a concert, it was almost 1AM, and we were starving. Nothing else was delivering where we were, so we decided to try them- for a simple plain x-large pizza. We called, they answered, and they seemed nice enough on the phone. They told us it would be about 45 minutes. By the time 45 minutes came and went, we were beyond hungry, and almost asleep. We gave it 5 more minutes and began trying to call to see what was up- all we ordered was ONE PLAIN PIZZA! For the next 20 minutes we tried calling and calling. No answer or a busy signal EVERY TIME. We wanted to cancel at that point, as we were passing out from hunger. Our friend had no food in his house or we wouldn't have bothered. 
1 hour and 20 minutes after we called, the pizza arrived. The time we called was on the receipt so we knew we weren't crazy. We were ravenous, and then we opened the box.... 
What we received was the most disgusting excuse for pizza I have ever seen. Burnt, peppery red sauce (or what's supposed to be sauce?) on top, barely cooked crust, and almost no cheese. Seriously, like 3 almost discernible bites of cheese on the whole pizza. It was VILE. And, it was very expensive for that!
Frankly, I really want my money back, as it was horrific and should not be called pizza, nor be allowed to be served. It was 2:30 at this point, and we were too exhausted to deal with them. How on earth can you mess up plain pizza that badly, and be in business? I highly recommend you DO NOT EVER eat their pizza. I was left with such a bad taste in my mouth, literally and figuratively, that I had to warn people. Uch!Ordered pizza last night. Said it would be 30 minutes and was over an hour to get there. Don't ask for my room number if I have to go to the lobby to get it. I was ready for sleep by the time it got there. Now to the food. Some of the worst pizza and wings I have ever had.I was literally a half a block away and the pizza was cold tasteless garbage. The wings were white. I think one tried to walk away they were so undercooked. Just awful Usually at 3 am anything is acceptable but this was garbage.Gourmet pizza my ass. This pizza establishment is the most unorganized, sad excuse for a business. We ordered a large pie, waited 30 minutes, asked about the status of our order and they claimed our order was never put in. We then waited another 20+ minutes and were handed a half cooked medium sized pizza. At this point we took our pizza and went on our way and NEVER plan to return. The employees were arguing the entire time we were there. The cashier was cursing out the pizza maker. I have never seen such an unprofessional environment.It's 2 am, and you're craving pizza. If you're around the Midtown area, definitely try this place. It's open until 4am! 
There was a crowd when we got there, but when I finally got the chance to order, I saw exactly what I wanted. There was meat lovers and some other unmemorable slices, but I saw something amazing. MAC AND CHEESE PIZZA...WITH BACON! Service was fast and friendly, and it took only a few minutes for it to be reheated.  The delicious concoction was laid upon a thick crust, and I took a bite. It was glorious! Since there isn't any seating inside, my friends and I just hung outside with the crowd that gathered. I could sense the jealousy of everyone that walked by and those that were in line. They were eyeing my pizza like it was last piece of food left on this earth.
That pizza was memorable, and I'll be definitely be back! I heard there was a peanut butter and jelly one?! OK!!Despite the sub-par reviews I wanted to give 13th Street Pizza a chance.  I placed an order for a delivery on a Saturday night and was told it would be 45-60 minutes.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt and waited.
My delivery (pizza and wings) finally arrived after about an hour and 20 minutes.  The pizza was cold, so I threw a few pieces into the oven while I got into "cajun-style" wings.  The wings were basically wings mixed with ingredients for a supreme pizza.  No where on the menu did it say they were baked in tomato sauce.  They also had olives on them which the menu did not indicate.
Once warmed up the pizza was decent, but by that time I was turned off by the wait and the wings.  I won't be ordering from here again anytime soon.Don't leave with getting a slice of the Mac and cheese pizzahaven't had a slice of gay pizza in years, but stopped by recently and noticed they didn't have any vegan pies. however, if you're in the mood for sausage, there's plenty of that here at the homo hut. bon appetit !Well, this place was the only pizza shop open at 3:00 A.M. So, I gave it a shot. 
I'll make it short and sweet: 
Since it was the only place open, it was busy. UNRULY customer behavior was not controlled by staff. In addition, some (not all) staff members couldn't handle the pressure. Bad attitude. 
OH, ABOUT THE PIZZA. 
I wish I took pictures, but I was drunk at the time and didn't think to do it. Yes, I was drunk, everything should taste good, right? Well, the pizza wasn't. Pizza was OK at best. Way too doughy. Not a good sauce, cheese, crust ratio. 
It is a solid "no one else is open pizza place". No one should ever come here during regular business hours. Very uncomfortable environment. 
Thanks for your time.In college, I established a habit of walking up to a shady window after a night of drinking and buying pizza from a shady dude. I haven't been able to shake the habit all these years later, but the good news is that 13th street pizza is here for you.
After a night out in the gayborhood, what is better than a greasy, cheap slice? You stand in line briefly (and if it's not so brief, the other people in the neighborhood are always entertaining), give the guys a few bucks, and get your pizza stat. Many a fun and random conversation has happened in this line, and you can even buy gay rainbow 13th Street Pizza shirts. I think they even have one that says "Pizza Slut?" or did I hallucinate that after too many Stir martinis?Macaroni and cheese pizza! Great for late night pizza.Since never before setting foot in here during the daytime, I decided to stop in and grab a slice since the nearby happy hour I had just come from left me hungry still. I usually get a slice of a supreme pizza (i.e.: meat and tons of veggies), but this time opted for a slice of just veggies. A little sprinkle of garlic powder, onion powder, oregano, parmesan cheese, and crushed red pepper, and I'm all set to chow down.
I'm not a huge fan of crust but I ate it...so I know the pizza is good when I DO eat the crust. 
A slice (and a half of my friend's later), I was full and content with my 13th Street Pizza foray during the day. There's a first time for everything so I just might do it again...actually change that might to a must :)Nothing like drunk zza on a Saturday night. There was a fairly long line out here on a brisk night, but it moved along quickly. I was anxious for some great pizza, but it only turned out to be OK.
As I am wont to do, I had the plain ol pepperoni slice. It wasn't worth the cost, but ya know, sometimes you just gotta eat.Man oh man, now here's a chance for an openly gay-friendly pizza parlor to become an institution, or a staple here in Philly, but this place blows*.  I've never been to a pizza place that uses so little ingredients on such a large pizza pie.  I mean come one, every time I''ve ordered here (drunk at 3am) there's usually 3 inches of freakin' crust before you reach cheese!  Toppings are sparse, and they use little sauce.  The only shining menu item is the cheesy bread, and even then the dough is sometimes undercooked.  
              Service and location are great though, the cashiers are friendly and have a great sense of humor.  I think the place just needs new management.
                                                                             Thanks for reading,
                                                                                                   Christian
*dirty birds