My boyfriend and I just had a great experience here for lunch. His "meat and potatoes" palate was satisfied with chicken tenders and fries and I was able to choose from a variety of wholesome, unique,  and/or healthy dishes. 
The crab cake appetizer (lump crab meat over guacamole and a spicy sauce) is perfection. I also had the escarole soup-of-the-day, which was filling and fresh. 
The atmosphere was casual and the walls were adorned with artwork of Philly. Will definitely come back.Great atmosphere and great food. I had the mussels in white wine sauce. Only $9 and you get a lot! The two people I was with both got the Ted sandwich and said it was great. I will be going back.Just had a great experience here! Went in for drinks with a friend, which were priced well and had fantastic service! Friendly server and a man who I assume is the owner overheard my friend saying it was my birthday and he brought me out a big martini glass full of cotton candy! So sweet and unnecessary but that's the kind of thing that makes you wanna go back! Will be back soon (:Disappointed in the bar service and drinks. Not what I remembered it being. Oh well wrote this place off the list. Don't waste your time or money here.Always great service and good food at 1518. Our waiter was very nice and fast. I got the apple walnut salad but opt out of the option for additional protein. It was delicious!!! Perfect amount of dressing and a lot of toppings. The drinks are averagely priced for center city location. It is a good place to eat and drink or just have some fun on the dance floor. I go to 1518 a lot and will continue going back.This place is good for one thing and that's a drink...the food sucks! I ordered eggs Benedict and received a gelatinous Sauce that resembled something you would throw up. The waitress's and the bartender gabbed about how bad the food was and how could anyone eat the food there while serving inedible concoctions. Stay away, unless you want a drink....We went there because the restaurant we had in mind was closed and we were running out of time, so we thought of giving it a shot.
I would say it is at a good location and good food considerably good  !! 
They have decent selection of salads and sandwiches for vegetarians. 
Their Portobello Reuben is really good though I didn't find Caprese either tastt or worth the money.The service was great and the food is flavorful! I did have food poisoning from this place, but the calamari wasn't fully cooked. Other than that, I enjoyed the happy hour appetizers. Definitely tried the T.E.D! Thanksgiving every day! I enjoyed that sandwich. Nice set up for a bar restaurant.This place has the potential to be another gem among the great restaurants that reside on Sansom.  1518 was looking like a sure-fire 4 star establishment or better until...the attack of the fruit flies commenced!  
Positive Observations:
- A cool and intimate bar/restaurant in a pristine location.  Ninety percent of the decorations have a Philadelphia theme.  The walls are covered in oil paintings of the Philly skyline.
- The service was good.  Our waitress was very pleasant and didn't rush us on making drink or meal selections.  She also offered up her personal favorites in regards to the dinner menu.
- The crab cake appetizer was outstanding.  Filled with lump crab and contained minimal fillers.
- The short rib sandwich was excellent.  A juicy sandwich complimented by a very mild horseradish sauce.  I also enjoyed the side salad that accompanied the sandwich.
- The menu offered some great options and very reasonably priced for a city restaurant.
Areas of Opportunities:
- The chairs that are pitted with the high tops are a tad too short for the tables.
- The beer list was decent however the list on the table didn't include some of the seasonals on tap.  
- Pest control (see below)
Back to the fruit flies, they were unbearable!  We saw one annoying fly as we enjoyed a pre-dinner beverage, but once the food arrived it was game-on!  We actually notified our server and moved to the bar counter.  While seated at the bar, the patrons next to us informed us that we weren't safe there either.  Right on cue a fly landed on my wife's pint glass. 
1518 has some great potential and I will cheer them on. With some minor but very important tweaks and care 1518 could thrive!The  short rib sandwich is spectacular! The owner Willy is kind, caring and takes great care of customers. great crowd for lunch too! The bartender Dot is adorable and friendly. hit this spot!Stopped in for cocktails In the afternoon. Staff was great and friendly. Bartender offered to stuff olives for my Tito's Martini and I loved it. Food menu was unimpressive to me. Stayed to watch some football and went elsewhere for a meal. Not saying the food is bad, the menu just didn't impress me.A wonderful place. The Septa Strike did not stop us. We walked 1 mile to the bar last Thursday and had a great time there. I ordered a Pan Seared Salmon and beer. The Salmon tastes very fresh and juicy but the side needs improvement.We made a reservation here because it was right next door to Philly Escape Room. No one had ever been here before. We were celebrating my friend's 30th birthday. Our server Marika was wonderful! So sweet and very accommodating! The owner Willie made us feel so special and welcome! Great little place with great drinks and food!Love, love, love this place! The first time I walked into 1518, the atmosphere was very welcoming and inviting. My friend and I had worked very late that night and very STARVING. Every other place we stopped at was the same story-'kitchen's closed!' The owner of 1518 had already closed up the kitchen but decided to make us what we wanted anyways. We both got a Greek Salad and the Hummus. Number one, he didn't have to do that and number two, it was AMAZING. I think it's something crazy like $8 for each dish and the portions are huge. I was shocked. I pay more to park my car in the city. It was so delicious. Best Greek food I've found in Philly. The owner is 100% Greek so that may explain why it's so good. His homemade hummus is addicting. The olives? What?!! Don't even get me started. SO GOOD! Plus, from going there so much, I ended up making friends with the bartender, Christina, who is great for a good conversation. All the girls there are very sweet and welcoming. The owner makes sure each guest is more than satisfied and if your not, he'll make it right! Sometimes he will just send out hummus plates without me even ordering it. Really nice place and one of my favorite stops. Great for lunch, too!We stumbled across this place because it was one of the bars participating in the Philly Bar Crawl. I was very impressed and this had to be one of my favorite bars on the bar crawl. The staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the food. They were also doing a good job of handling the huge St Patricks day crowd. We enjoyed our Cajun wings. They were some of the best Cajun wings that I've ever tasted in my life. The restaurant is very narrow, which made it a little hard to walk through but that wasn't a problem. The ladies' room was kept very neat and clean. This was shocking to me because bathrooms are usually disgusting when there's a lot of drunk people.Came here during the happy hour / early bird dinner hour with the wife.  Service was friendly and enjoyable.  The food here was fantastic.  We had the mussels in white sauce, which was delicious and refreshing.  I ordered the crab cake sammy which was amazing.  Way more crab than bread crumbs, and the crab was fresh!  The sirrachi aoili that it was served with was spicy but not overwhelming. My wife had the grilled veggie stack which was the largest I've ever seen.
Best part was meeting the owner Willie, who was super friendly and good conversation.  Glad we walked into 1518. We will definitely be back!This place is a great bar - neighborhood feel in the middle of Center City.  The wine pours are generous and the food is delicious.  They also have a great happy hour.I wouldn't even give it 1 star but seems that theres No choice. Food sucks, service is horrible, and the owner is very rude, also racist and you can't understand him since he's greek his english isn't clear! while there he made a black couple leave since they  complained that it was cold in there. He said "if you don't like it go somewhere else". It was pretty chilly in there at the time too. I will never go back. The Tuna Melt was dry the bread was hard as a rock and my drink wasn't even made right and my soda was mainly water. horrible horrible!!! Our Waitress I forget her name a red head girl was rude too! The only thing good was the DJ! which Apparently he had a BROKEN ARM!?! Since it was in a sling! Every time I go to Sansom street that place is always dead, but since every other place was packed i tried it out which was a mistake! Now I know who the owner is too. I always see him standing out side trying to talk to young Women. Everything about this place is a NO! Skip it!My family and I had a great time here tonight. We literally had the BEST experience. Great food and service. We were treated like family and the food was SOOOO GOOOD. The prices were fair. I got the tuna melt with fries (please see photo). They even gave us cotton candy at the end, it was awesome. If you're in philly, definitely come here!Got into Philadelphia late on a Monday night 10 pm after a 2 hour drive needed a beer and some good food 
This place delivered 
They serve a limited menu till midnight 
Food was very good!This is the first time I felt compelled to write a review here, albeit for negative reasons. The Decor and bar atmosphere are good at this small philly bar, however we came in to eat some dinner. With an average 4 star review, and being in the upscale part of town, I figured this would be a safe place to have a decent if not good meal. Boy was I wrong. I must say the waitress was courteous and attentive, and kept the beers flowing. The problem began with the appetizer course, I ordered the chicken wings hot and some spring rolls. The chicken wings were fried  naked and coated with an extremely small amount of Buffalo sauce, somewhat overcooked, nothing special but not the worst I've ever had. The spring rolls were insanely greasy and absolutely tasteless. The main course got worse, the braised short rib sandwich was dry, poorly kept after cooking, and was under seasoned.  The quality of the sandwich bread is rivaled by my local truck stop diner's. The French fries were standard diner fare as well, average or below. The real kicker was that in our party we had a 10 year old who complained that the chicken fingers were bad, how often does a 10 year old complain about their chicken fingers? After trying them I knew why, they were some sort of McDonald's-esque Fatty chicken meat product brushed with batter and frozen and then fried back to life. Needless to say, nothing will ever take me back to this bar to eat. A drink is a different story, well maybe.This is probably one of my favorite bar/restaurants in the area, the food is excellent (Cobb salad is amazing...) prices are great (I frequently get old fashioneds for $5 during their happy hour and they have $3 Yuengling all day every day) and the service is very friendly,including the owner. Because of this I find myself coming at least once, sometimes two or three times a week haha. Highly recommended!I can't understand the less than friendly reviews here. I was visiting from NYC and after dining at some very crowded and noisy places, I was lured in by the description of the mussels on the menu. They were so tasty, I decided to have the salmon -- which was equally fantastic. I then came back and had the portobello mushroom sandwich. This sandwich makes a great argument for becoming a vegetarian. I also had the braised rib sandwich. The happiness you feel when you hold the warm soft bread in your hands is completely reinforced when you bite into it! I don't understand why this place isn't packed night after night. Went there 4 times while I was in Philly with my husband and plan to go back to Philly and stop here again. Their sandwiches are like full meals and are about $8.50. How in the world can anyone see this as anything but reasonable? Wish they were in NY!My go to bar to pregame.  Right near all the music venues and night clubs.  Bartenders are cool, good tap choices.  Great place to catch a game too.
Heads up, the nice divey, quiet atmosphere changes on fridays after 10:30 when a dj sets up.I was in Philadelphia for work and needed to get lunch. My coworker and I picked a great spot. We were able to sit by the window and people watch while the slightly quirky waiter helped us attentively.  I had the short ribs sandwich, which was good except that the roll got a bit too soggy. I would definitely go back if I found myself in the area again.Really enjoyed our meals last night! After spending an hour on multiple phones with different apps , looking for a good , moderately priced restaurant in city center we found this little gem . The menu was varied enough to suit our tastes and the staff was great. We were seated quickly  and when we ordered , the waitress was kind enough to suggest we share salads, as they were big enough to serve two if you were getting it along with an entree... and she was right! Both men got the ribeye plate and loved it! I got the vegan stack which was very tasty and very nicely done and another got the fish and chips which was great ! It was a real nice experience and would definitely stop in againLoved 1518! My husband and I came here last week and we were surprised it wasn't more crowded. This place is AWESOME. Superb service, tasty food, excellent pours on the drinks. 
We started with the mussels and they were simply divine and succulent. The brother was perfect - not too salty. All you wanted to do was go to town on it with some fresh bread... which we did.
My husband had the crab cake sandwich. WOW! It was loaded with fresh crab meat - barely any breading - right up our alley.
I had the veggie stack. Thick slices of zucchini, squash, etc. served with goat cheese and a tomato aioli. Yum. I can still taste it.
We got to talk to the owner for a bit too. What a pleasure! 
Can't wait to go back.I have gone here a few times now. I like the servers and the atmosphere. The caprese sandwich is a disappointment though. They don't have a lot of vegetarian options so I thought I would try it but it's missing flavor. Added basil would make all the difference.Excellent customer service and food. Happened to walk by with our two kids and the manger came out and set up a table for us. Awesome food and atmosphere. Looks like it's a fun city night spot. Zagat rated too. Crazy Eddie was awesome!I have been here 3 times since they openend. The food is good and affordable. The booze is a bit expensive so I would recommend eating lunch at this place for $10 a person. The lentil soup is outstanding. The greek salad is nice and light.
I can't wait until they figure out their atmosphere. The space is missing that inviting feel which is probably why it's empty all the time. The staff is very friendly too.Nice selection of drinks, really cool atmosphere and solid service. Stopped in here for a drink before dinner at the Oyster House. Def worth stopping inWe are going to come back and try it again, in that the food was okay (nothing amazing, but not bad) but the service was crazy.
Instead of being under-attentive, they we basically aggressive! They were so excited to take away our plates that they did not even let us finish our food. I felt rushed. 
It was a Saturday night, there were multiple tables open and yet it seemed like they could not wait to clear our table and hand us the check. 
Very strange. 
We like to support small places, so maybe it was just an off night?!Nice place for lunch. The burger is wonderful, fries crispy and flavorful, Caesar salad is tops, attentive intelligent staff, a tad bit pricey but worth it. We visit 3 or 4 times per year.We stopped in for dinner after arriving in Philadelphia earlier in the afternoon from San Diego.  Because of the time difference some were interested in a late lunch and some were interested in dinner.  Cocktails were the first order of business.  I ordered my usual, a Boilermaker - a solid pour of Jameson neat with a Yuengling draft.  Dinner followed.  I had the Short Rib entree.  Outstanding!  I tasted my wife's rib eye which was equally good.  The staff was very friendly and efficient.  I'd recommend this place anytime.  Go and enjoy good drinks, good food, and good company.Atmosphere is great, drinks are reasonably price.. There was no cover.. The two girls behind the bar were very sweet they chatted with us a bunch. Such a small and cozy place definitely a place worth going back to. Not the best place to spend the whole night but for a pregame spot it's probably one of the best in the city.We came here because we didn't feel like waiting in lines for brunch elsewhere. There were bloody mary and mimosa specials. Neither of us cared for the bloody mary - spiciness was perfect (a bit of a kick), but I think it might have been too horseradishy and not tomatoey enough. I got a chicken pesto sandwich that was very good. There was a lot of chicken in it. My husband got a short rib sandwich and he really liked it. I had a bite and it was really good- nothing you couldn't easily make in the crock pot, but still tasty. The fries were good enough. The service was slow, but we didn't really care since we weren't in any rush. I guess I'd go back, but I'm not going to rush.Went here for lunch with co-workers. Been meaning to try this place for awhile. Thought it was similar to a marathon, but more a bar Nodding Head feel. Came here at 12 noon, not to crowded and we were out within the hour. 
Ordered: Apple walnut salad with shrimp. Co-workers also ordered salads, which are large and fresh. The white balsamic vinaigrette and candied walnuts made the salad. We were pleasantly surprised that the salads were good for a bar restaurant. There were a few additional items that I would go back and try.  
Service: The server was friendly and very truthfully about the menu options.
Overall: Your typical bar feel, with decent menu options. I will come here again for lunch.This is a nice little spot, especially for happy hour. They have a decent draft list, with a good amount of craft beers. The wine pours are also nice. The food could better, so if you're looking for an amazing bar food this may not be your spot. Overall, this is a good spot for happy hour and small bites. spoI will be back.I have been here twice; once for lunch and once for brunch. The first time I had the crab cake sandwich which was small, fried and greasy. There was a rather loud drunk man a few seats down who I learned was one of the owners. Had a salad with grilled chicken which was pretty tasty. The only issue was the bartender seemed pretty miserable, never smiled and was slightly rude. Kind of strange and not sure I would go back.Smaller than I expected, but it's a cute little sport with a sold draft list and friendly waitstaff.Stopped in for a late dinner on a Saturday night.  Wait staff was very nice and attentive.  Food was good, though the bun did not survive the burger, it was cooked well and tasty.  As the night goes on it does get packed and can make moving through the place a challenge.  Good music, good food, good staff.I was happy they were able to reserve seats for us.... The food was amazing and the price was great.... The staff was also accommodating... I don't have any complaints nor do my friends... Nice atmosphere...I ate here for a quick business lunch and the food was delicious. I was really impressed with the wide menu selection.  The staff was also attentive and friendly.The short rib sandwich was way too awesome. Be sure to get it. Also, the atmosphere was pretty cool as well, with lots of paintings of Philly landmarks. The place is also close to Insomnia Cookies, so you know what to do after you have dinner here :D1 star based strictly on customer service.
My second time coming to the bar and the customer service was horrible!!
We were there for happy hour and I was told by our waitress that absolut vodka was part of the well drinks happy hour special. We had to switch tables because the first table we were at was too small. Once we moved to a different table, our waitress never came back to check on us.
Another waiter finally came to our table after 30 minutes passed by and told us our first waitress left. We then ordered more drinks and I asked for the same drink I ordered with the first waitress which was cranberry and absolut vodka. The waiter then tells me I will be charge $9 vs. $5 happy hour special.
I then explained to him our first waitress told me absolut was part of the happy hour special......Here is where things start to get crazy.....He then tells me with a smart attitude "she's new and I've been working here for over a year, and she had no idea what she was talking about." There was a lot of back and forth and he was literally arguing with me. I was so disgusted with his attitude that I decided not to order anything but my two other friends still ordered food and drinks.
He brings the food and drinks back, but never came back to "check on us". We had to go to the bar to get our own ranch to the wings and had to track down our waiter for our check.
When he finally brings the check to us, he charged me for the $9 drink anyway. When I asked to speak with a manager, they told me a manager wasn't there. Now why wasn't a manager on site?! Then another waiter came to our table and asked what was wrong? I then explained to him our whole situation about the drinks. At this point I was very upset because he wasn't trying to accommodate me either and there was no manager!
We paid the bill but did not leave a tip! I told the waiter why I didn't leave a tip and he put his finger in my face and said I was the one with the attitude and his customer service was great and then walked off before I could get a word in.
I then tried calling the manger the next day twice and he was never there! I've never heard of a manager or person in charge not to be there.
The food was good but the service was HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!
If you want to have good service then definitely DO NOT GO HERE!!! I never write reviews but I was never treated so horribly at an restaurant / bar where I expect good service.I have been to 1518 a number of times and I am always satisfied when I leave.  The food there is surprisingly delicious, but there's just something about the place that makes it not very memorable. I can't put my finger on the cause, but there always seems to be several weeks in between my visits there because I just plain forget about the place.
Anyway, let's talk about the food.  Order a dish that comes with fries. Any dish. As long as you get your paws on their crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, perfectly salted fries. 
Yesterday I ate the burger for lunch.  It was perfectly cooked to my order, and the toppings were fresh and flavorful. I didn't realize previously how much I enjoy mayo on my burgers.  In the past I have had BBQ wings (great, but i don't consider myself a wing expert) and the portabella reuben (surprisingly ok, more like an appetizer).
Service was excellent even when the whole restaurant filled up for the lunch rush.I'm a big fan of the 1518 Bar & Grill, the owner Willie and what he's done with this place.  I come to Philly infrequently on business and when I'm here I stay for a week or more. The second time I visited this establishment the waitperson headed towards me and said "Yuengling Draft, right?"  
I knew I'd be back whenever I'm in town.
I thoroughly enjoy this place - when I'm over a thousand miles from home and I come staggering in to the 1518 after a 14 hour work day I know what I'm gonna get:
Reasonable prices
Cold, fresh beer served quickly
Excellent food prepared quickly and accurately with consistency
Might get a visit from Willie thanking you for your business
Every menu item I've ever had has been at least a B+ to an A
Last night I had the mussels in white wine, garlic & lemon - quite possibly the BEST I've ever had - after slobbering down the meaty protein I went after the "soup" with never-ending garlic crostini (sp ?) provided by my lovely server - paid the tab and said my goodbyes and staggered back to my hotel in beer & "mussels garlic soup" induced heaven - I _tried_ to do some work on my laptop but decided I should just put my head down . . . . . . .
mussells + 2 beers + tip = $20 / how can you go wrong ?
Take the reviews for what they are . . . . . nobody likes everywhere.Wow- here for happy hour. Kathleen the bar keep was amazing & wonderful. Felt like home.i can't stop thinking about the turkey club! I never knew I'd become a turkey-club critic but here I am extolling the virtues of their perfectly delicious and huge turkey club. 
I'd the crab cakes once, DELICIOUS! They're made with panko but the crab meat is back fin and taste like the real deal Maryland style crab cakes, really good crab meat and perfectly seasoned!
The owner is nice and the staff loves the food as much as the customers! Prices are great and the wine was divine!!! 
Please support this independent business in the heart of Sansom Street!3.5 stars. This place is underrated and we were happy to get a seat at the bar. Food came out quickly (chicken and steak sandwich) and local Philadelphia skyline  art work on the wall that you can buy was a great touch. Clean, modern - could never understand why this place was not packed (especially since its way less douchy than ladder 15 next door).1518 is one of the city's finest hidden food jems.  this is my go to place when I go out to lunch not only during the work week, but when I am in town on the weekend.  The food and the service never disappoint!  If you haven't tried it yet, you are missing out.This place is ok. We went because it's right next to the oyster house and that was packed. We got in right away. For a bar the food is pretty good. I got the muscles and a salad. Good portions and tasty enough for what it was. My boyfriend out ordered me as per usual with some meat and potato dish. It wasn't too loud either for a bar. All positive things to say. Just didn't blow my hair back.Low key and not crowded on a Saturday night (perhaps a bad thing?). Service was attentive. I had a tasty grilled chicken sandwich with pesto and red peppers...a sizable portion with good fries. My friend had a huge cobb salad. The prices and the portions will bring us back!The special of the day was shrimp aveda. Absolutely fabulous dish with asparagus wrapped in bacon on cooked spinach and red peppers, topped with  parmesan cheese! I never liked asparagus but this dish I loved! The waiter Crazy Eddy was a wonderful server. And the atmosphere is small and cozy!!!This is a bit of a hidden gem.  Smallish bar with a few TVs and some great art along the wall showcasing the city of Philadelphia.  The menu was a step above your typical bar food without being to fancy.  It was delicious and came in healthy portions. Staff was attentive and offered to split checks for our large group before we even thought about the bill.  I was there for lunch but it looks like a great place to grab a drink and I definitely plan on returning.Went in for lunch with very low expectations. Ended up with a surprisingly great sandwich and really friendly service. I'll be back.First let me start by saying I've NEVER reviewed on Yelp.  Our hotel recommended this cute bar and grill.   I  ordered the Caesar salad to split with my husband n it was great!  Not to tangy or cheesy.  I then had the crab cake sandwich which was incredibly fresh!!  As good as I have ever had!!!  Plenty of food and the prices where very good:). Our waiter "crazy Eddie " was very friendly and we had awesome service.   This was my first trip to philly and I will def. recommend this place to others.No beers really stand out here and the food is ok. Can get really packed in here sometimes for such a small place which sucks.The owner of this place rips off their part time employees... Fired for asking for a paycheck? Merry Christmas!
The service and food here is great though.
The owner has no business running a Resturant- disrespects women and is racist.GREAT find with fantastic food. No waiting, attentive service. Went twice in one week -  ended up being our go-to place while in Philadelphia. Had mushroom risotto with grilled shrimp, Apple walnut salad, salmon, and bacon wrapped shrimp wrapped around asparagus. all good.This place was wonderful. We stopped in on a Monday around 4pm. It was very slow at the time, but the service was great, restaurant was clean, and food was delicious. Had an order of wings, crab cake sandwich, and cheeseburger. They offer a nice happy hour starting at 5pm, but we took advantage of the $3.50 Yuengling drafts all day deal. We both used the restrooms that were nearly immaculate, which I found to be comforting. Will definitely remember this place for next time.Cool bar to hang out with friends and have a drink. Really good happy hour and lunch specials. I usually go here for lunch and the food is pretty good. Not expensive at all considering that it is in Center city. The staff is always friendly and it is never  too crowded. I also like it for its mix and diversity of patrons. The crab cake sandwich is one of my faves here.Great location on Sansom next to some other wonderful bars/restaurants. We came for dinner, and we were taken by the ambiance that felt casual and comfortable. Not overly crowded and definitely good for a sit-down meal or drinks/bar snacks. 
The food:
1. Crab cake appetizer- Meaty lump crab with minimal breading makes it really worth the money, but the real treat is the avocado puree beneath it, which cuts the greasiness and the heaviness typical of crab cakes. So fresh.
2. Salmon + Ratatouille - perfectly cooked salmon on top of a bed of ratatouille. Stewed veggies done with an authentic French provençal flavor. Good portion size.
3. Short ribs - on top of butternut squash risotto, this is braised perfectly. Tender meat that is not too heavy against the risotto. 
4. Mushroom risotto - I had with chicken, which was surprisingly overcooked. The worst part of the meal that evening, but the risotto was well-done and not too mealy. Mushroom flavor really infused, but the chicken felt thrown on and over-seasoned with parmesan. Really took away from it all.
Overall, though, the food was well-done and worth coming back for.This is a good place if you're looking for happy hour food. The mussels in a white wine sauce were $7. The bartender did well considering I told her I wanted something sweet and tart.If you're looking for a place to just go to and get great bar food with no frills, this is your place! And please, I don't mean this in a bad way! I love their wings and short rib sandwich. Though the place is a little small, there is something about the intimate environment that I just love. They have an awesome happy hour that is almost unheard of in the city and the staff is SUPER friendly. I've had the opportunity to meet with the owner who couldn't be anymore adorable, personable and just a downright nice guy.Absolutely great fish and chips. The fish was perfectly done! Also very friendly staff and service. We also tried the salmon, which unfortunately was a bit overcooked. Good value though, overall.I had the braised short rib with risotto and it was EXCELLENT. The short rib was cooked and seasoned to perfection. Man I love slow cooked meat. The risotto was pretty good too, though a bit indifferent about the fruit inside. I was able to try some of my friends' food such as the pulled pork sandwich and it was very savory and delicious. The bread was not too crusty and it was a well constructed sandwich. 
Service was also very attentive and accommodating. I will definitely consider returning!My boyfriend and I were planning to see a band around 10 and thought we should just grab dinner somewhere nearby. We couldn't think of a specific place so we decided to just walk around and see what pops out to us.
We walked past 1518 and the chalkboard sign advertising $3 yuengling drafts stopped me! So in we went. For 8:30 on a Saturday this place was on the empty side, which was surprising. It looks so unbelievably nice on the inside! 
We sat at the bar and were greeted immediately. Got our drinks quickly and the bartender took our food orders right away. I got the crab cake sandwich and it was amazing!! So big and meaty, and it tasted like they had just put the cake together. The toasted bun it was on was so soft and yummy. The fries were okay, just not my personal favorite style of fry. I still ate them all though!
My boyfriend got the short rib sandwich which was also great!! It comes with horseradish mayo, cheese and caramelized onions. Really tender and flavorful, and it was huge too, he couldn't finish it (so of course I did). This sandwich and fries were $8. Are you serious?! Such a good value. He also mentioned it seemed like his roll was fresh baked. 
The service was great, food was awesome. I'll be going back (most likely tonight to try the happy hour specials, they looked decent!).Love this place.  It's a small cozy bar with just few a dining tables. The lunch, happy hour bites and dinner are all really delicious. Their lamb meatballs are out of this world.  After dinner, the music gets loud and the place gets really fun. The bartenders are always really nice. This is one of my favorite happy hour spots in center city.I think 3 stars should do.
We had the pulled pork sandwich and the GF had the grilled chicken sandwich. The chicken on her sandwich was extremely dry. My pork sandwich was tasty but when compared to other places in Philly's small pork "boom" market, it was pretty average.
Went at 12:00. It was pretty open and we were seated and served pretty quickly so its good for a work lunch.
While it was a decent lunch, there's nothing there that would warrant a phrase like "lets go back to 1518 for lunch".This is a very good casual bar/restaurant.  The service is fast, friendly and attentive without being intrusive. We had the calamari, Cobb salad, and chicken tenders and all were very good.  I highly recommend this place for casual food & drink. The prices are reasonable.My husband and I agreed that these were the best mussels we've ever had. I'm not sure what's in that sauce - definitely butter, garlic and love - but it's fantastic. The sandwiches we ordered were good, too. Service was really friendly, beer was cold, even the side salads were yummy. But it's the mussels we will dream about until we return!I've been here quite a few times. Yesterday was no exception - attentive, friendly service, and a nice round of drinks on the house from the owner. The food is good with nice size portions. I enjoy coming to this bar when I'm in the city.Just finished lunch here and it was great. It was a very clean location with very friendly servers. I had the 1528 burger which was very savory. My only issue with the burger was that it basically fell apart after the first bite. Not a big deal, just an observation. The fries were very average however it was affordable. I would recommend and will be returningTruly a hidden gem in the city.  Delicious food.  The TED sandwich is amazing as is the crab cake appetizer which features pureed avocado which you should order with toasted pita wedges. The portions are enormous and very reasonably priced.  The staff is friendly and fast and the owner, Willie, is a welcoming host.  
5-STARSFirst of all, our waiter was outstanding! He was funny, awesome and patient as we had my two year old niece with us. He was attentive without being annoying. The food was delicious. My mom ordered a ham omelet with cheddar cheese, and potatoes, and the Bloody Mary. She thoroughly enjoyed the omelet especially the potatoes and mentioned that while delicious the drink was very spicy. My sister ordered the 1518 burger, and said that the bun with garlic sauce made the burger outstanding, she raved. My boyfriend enjoyed the tuna melt and I ordered the Caprese salad with Salmon. The tomato was juicy and fresh, and the Salmon was cooked to absolute perfection. The reason for 4 stars was that it was a little pricey for the type of fare offered, but the food and service was great.What a fun atmosphere!  Family friendly and full of people.  Busy so service was a bit slow but food was tasty!  Will be back! Mushroom risotto was delish!Came in with a group of 5.  Good service, good location. Nice vibe to the place, decent happy hour prices.  Best appetizer we had was the deviled eggs with a bacon topping. Excellent.  Mussels and calamari were decent, well priced for happy hour.  Very good short rib sandwich.  Would have liked the horseradish aioli to be spicier but had a nice mild flavor.  Mushroom risotto was a winner as well.Must say I was surprised by this place. It is small and noisy but the food is really good. Salads are fresh and cold and the menu us varied. 
Happy hour was really great with popcorn on the bar which is unheard of these days. The crowd was also varied -- a range of ages. 
Happy to have discovered this in my hood!A small, clean bar. The bartender was friendly. The kitchen closed at 11:45pm but we were able to get a app in. We had the fried calamari and it was prepared well. By the time we wanted to order other food we were late, so I can't judge based on just the calamari. The menu was very small, just a page of a few apps, hamburgers, and crab cakes. The drinks were well made.