The food here was AMAZING! I mean, beyond good, beyond great, just the best. I only had their small plate bar food but it was so fantastic that I cannot imagine anything being bad. I am already planning my next visit back so I can try the rest of the items on the menu!
While the food was definitely spectacular, the drinks were a bit of a let down. While they are fancy, I didn't necessarily feel like I got my money's worth for the pricey cocktails--I probably would've been better off with a beer! And it would've gone better with the food!Owner Antonio bought a shell of a building in 2004 with the intent to make a bar/restaurant for the neighborhood, which finally opened in 2016... Talk about taking the long view!
2637brew is a classy casual spot that draws a good crowd - a cross-section of  Brewerytown/North Fairmount residents, and as a result gets a nice mixed crowd.
14 beers on tap (!), a decent wine list, a crafty cocktail list and a solid menu should be good enough to draw a crowd... 
But, OMG, the Brussel Sprouts. You hated them when you were a kid because your parents boiled them. Well, 2637brew sautées them with figs, caramelized onions, walnuts and blue cheese crumble... They are beyond delicious, with this execution they could be a signature dish. And, if you don't like Brussel Sprouts, there are plenty of other items on then menu from burgers & salads to fish & chips. Antonio: Kudos for making your vision happen!I ate here for the first time tonight and really enjoyed my experience. The service was prompt, friendly and very helpful. The food was very flavorful and very reasonably priced. We ordered wings, nachos, blackened shrimp flatbread, fish and chips, mac and cheese and Parmesan fries and everything was terrific.taco tuesdays, drink specials (bubbly mondays & wine down wednesdays), wings, and burgers....have all been on-point (only things keeping it from 1 star; refer to previous review from jan '17). however, i advise not to venture "outside" the easy stuff, not even calamari! the 1st order we got was WAY overdone and cut my gums. the 2nd order was *slightly* tender, but the calamari itself was so small! although we wound up eating only half of it b/c they didn't think of pushing back the dinner order when we sent back the app, so we got hit with our entree's at the same time & didn't want our dinner to get cold (c'mon, this is serving 101 when an app is sent back). 
my thai style noodles w/ shrimp entree was very dry and the noodles were so short (think the bottom of a box of spaghetti where all the broken pieces go to die). my bf's salmon was flavorless and overcooked as well (he never adds salt to anything, but had to do *something* to jazz it up). the owner informed us to order it 'RARE' next time (although there won't be one), but i doubt they use sushi-grade salmon where one would be safe in doing so. 
needless to say this was a super-disappointing experience, but we were so hungry by then that we just ate what we could of our meals. i made the remark that we would have had a better meal for a quarter of the price (total came to just over $100 due to 2 rounds of overpriced drinks) 2 doors down at italian express (takeout pizza joint) which i'm positive would be the case!
it's a shame b/c the service wasn't horrible and the menu itself is alluring; the kitchen just can't execute it. invest in a chef or some type of cook who knows wtf they're doing.This place is awesome! Great atmosphere. My husband loved the seafood pasta (extra spicy) and the crab primavera was probably the best thing I've ever eaten!Had a really good experience eating here tonight.  I was impressed by the quality of food and relaxed atmosphere. The tab ran up more quickly then I expected but our service was on point.Love this new neighborhood spot in Bewerytown/Philadelphia! The owners are sooo welcoming and amazing! Beyond the great service and neighborhood feel, 2637 has a great beer & cocktail selection and the fries are the best!We went here for a farewell dinner for our neighbors who are moving to Pittsburgh this month ( :( !!!) and we wanted to try out a new spot in the neighborhood.  we went here on a Monday evening so it was a little slow but surprisingly warm for November so they had the front window open and it was rather quiet even though we were sitting right on Girard!  
I got an arugula salad which was fine, my husband got the brisket grilled cheese which was good but not super cheesy, and the couple that we went with got the thai noodles which they went home with half of (huge portion!) and a flatbread which was good, he mentioned.  We each tried a different beer on tap which were all good and a very wide selection for only having about 15 on tap.  we might try here again, we might not but overall it's a good addition to the girard business corridor.Simply out...2637Brew is an excellent neighborhood pub....  Service is cool...Food is outstanding and the vibe is top notch... Brussel Sprouts to die for...I tried this place for the second time and I was not impressed again. I was rooting for this place because I would like to see more people in this area. But it really is not that great. 3 stars for the atmosphere (drinks and music).Good service- followed our servers - Kayla-recommendations. Got the nachos with short rib BLT with avocado and dear hubby got the arugula salad with walnuts goat cheese. Nice selection of beers and fine cocktails. Outside seating with dog bowl for your dog because there's a big grassy space across the street. Street parking only. Would like to come back and try the rest of the menu. The mixed drinks are expensive but it is the city and they are tasty!Freundliche Bedienung, hipster style Gerichte, live musik von Guitarist-Sänger (an einem Mittwochabend) sehr empfehlenswert!Dining experience wasn't bad. Definitely screams 'currently gentrifying' when you walk in from the mixed decor and open door sidewalk seating. Simple yet still impressive. The actual food...a tad inconsistent. Calamari will be unseasoned depending on who's cooking, many sauces tend to be overwhelming on the palette while the meats & fish are well cooked (even if not seasoned with care). Decent menu and bar doesn't disappoint at least. My server the last two trips was the same young lady who couldn't give any solid recommendations on a single dish on the menu. Not a good sign but still looking past it, I did go twice lol it's great for a light bite when your standards aren't particularly high. Easy street parking but if you do park on girard you will have to pay, also accessible from public transportation so that's a plus if you don't drive. Prices weren't terrible but too high to not be consistent in quality. Overall the location & decor is an 8 but the food a staunch 6.2637 is a great stop on Girard.  The brunch is amazing.  So many fabulous choices.  Flew the coop is my favorite.  Avocado toast choices.  Delicious brunch drinks.
The regular menu is also killer.  Fish tacos, lobster Mac, & flatbreads top my list.  Many micro brew beer choices & specialty drinks.
Mino has monthly tastings n events.  Make it a regular stop.  I have and then I take home their great food as well.Great place that's not well know yet... awesome drinks and food, great atmosphere! Best kept secret in brewery town.Was in this place tonight.  Clearly the bartender was mad at the world b/c he was tending the half-filled bar by himself.  Tried to make small talk with him nonetheless.  He was having none of it.  No worries, completely understand and was under no time crunch.  Bar got busy and I became invisible.  Ordered food and drinks at the same time, the food came, we ate it (and gf eats terribly slow), drinks never came.  45 minutes time elapsed.  Other people around us go served twice in the time we were sitting dehydrating.  Clearly, no glasses in front of us means maybe we might need service.  The owner was there too but clearly had no interest in serving patrons.  At this point, no chance getting neither a drink or the check from the bartender, I got the check from another server.  Of course the drinks we never received were on the check.  The server, pleasant as could be, removed them for us.  I left a $10 tip b/c I never stiff anyone.  But, 2637, you're dead to me.What a great find! The cocktail and food menu is so much fun! I was with my family, 7 of us with very different tastes and we all found something that we enjoyed! The live music for Sunday brunch was great too! I would go back and I recommend you try it!Fantastic hidden gem in up-and-coming Brewerytown. Staff is always friendly, and they serve a mix of well-made cocktails and a great beer selection. Food is a few steps up from your normal bar food; try the flatbread, the wings, and the Brussels sprouts! Good place to watch a game or listen to live music at one of their weekday sessions. Couldn't recommend this place more!You can't beat the warm friendly atmosphere Mino, Antonio and Brian create! It's amazing. Food is so good. Fries, mussels and grilled caesar  are our favorites. The drinks are amazing! We love 2637 so much!Love this place. They always have different and interesting beers on tap and their cocktail program is very appealing with barrel aged drinks in house. The food is always consistently good, fresh, the pho is amazing. The owners are also great too, very involved and looking for feedback. Check it out!Please note that I gave 5 stars even though we got takeout tonight and they missed two of our orders.  In their defense, we had a very large order and we ordered it at the bar.  When we got home, we had more than enough and everything was great.  The grilled ceaser is not to be missed though I would split it if you are also getting an entree. With salmon, it was a full meal for my husband and I . The kids each had an order of Mac and cheese which was too much for either. It was the best Mac and cheese I have ever tasted, and I love Mac and cheese.  Also don't miss the brussel sprouts or the cheese steak spring rolls!   Such a nice surprise!visit there day  waiters were nice. bartender is not very pleasant. seem to always be in a bad mood. i will visit again just not on the night he workINCREDIBLE FOOD! We just moved to the neighborhood and were looking for quick bar food, but were pleasantly surprised this was not that kind of place. Brussels sprouts, salads, Thai noodles, flatbread; everything was amazing (even the house wine). Not to mention, the service was outstanding! Can't wait to go back!Cool little place with extremely friendly staff, good drinks, and a good beer selection. The wings and tacos are on point. One thing I definitely did not expect to find in a bar is Pho. I said this, unknowingly, to the owner who explained that this is her mothers recipe. I can't speak to if this is true or not but I can say this is one of the best bowls of Pho I've had in the city. There's nothing fancy going on here, no crazy options, its a simple bowl of rare steak Pho with rice noodles.
Really well done and delicious. 
I'll be back when it gets colder for sure.My wife and I came here two nights after the grand opening. We were promptly greeted by the bartender and hostess and were seated immediately. 
2637brew has a great beer selection (we counted 14 taps) and a surprisingly extensive cocktail menu. We tried the grilled chicken sandwich and fish tacos (they mixed up my wife's order but handled it like professionals). The food was impressive, especially the fish tacos. 
The vibe is relaxed and the bar has 3 TVs, perfect for sporting events. Overall, we really enjoyed our experience at 2637brew and will be back soon!2637brew is fantastic! The staff are friendly and super helpful. The menu is diverse but not overwhelming. And the burgers, OH MY GOSH, they are out of this world! I would highly recommend visiting if you are in brewerytown!2637brew is the perfect bar to go to if you want a chill night and actually be able to talk to the people you are with. The service is great, the drink selection wide (all of their specialty cocktails were amazing -- especially the hibiscus one), and I've never had a meal there I didn't love. I especially recommend the calamari, it might be my favorite in the cityWhat a great new addition to the neighborhood. Delicious Pho and widely varied menu. Beer lovers will appreciate the selection. I preferred a tasty artisan cocktail.  Music was great a mix of styles.
Bartender accommodating and pleasant. Comfy clean and inviting. Welcome!!!Great neighborhood spot. Great cocktails and beer choices and awesome food, and super friendly staff.  Something for everyone hereWe love this neighborhood eatery/bar! Service is great and they have plenty of different food options on the menu. Truffle fries and lobster mac and cheese are highly recommended to try!This place never disappoints. Great food, yes. Good beer selection, yes. Great cocktails, check. Seasonal events are always to love! The menu you may be-overwhelming, but you really can't go wrong. Try Pho, delicious. If not, the Mac or Cajun pasta is my favorites. My friend also loves their tacos. Thank you for always being amazing 2637!!This is the prefect quaint chill but get a good meal and drink spot. I was mad that I couldn't stay and enjoy it a bit longer but def plan on returning. It's not a big place, you can kinda feel cramped but it wasn't uncomfortable, if that makes any sense. We had the pad Thai with shrimp which was pretty good, the lobster Benedict which was all kinds of awesome! And for drinks I had the Sazerac which was good (I have been on this absinthe kick lately) and the flamed orange peels were a perfect after brunch snack. But baybeeeee, that Smoked Manhattan....whooooo-hoooo, I have never tasted a hickory smoked drink before. When I tell you that the flavor of the smoke blended with the Bourbon & bitters had my taste buds like heyyyyyyy booooo Watching the barmaid make it was interesting enough but tasting it took my experience to a whole other level. I highly recommend trying the smoked Manhattan (but now I wonder if this makes me a smoker)I live in the Brewerytown neighborhood but haven't explored much. Coming to 2637brew was my first time trying anything in the area and it's a really cute place! I came on a Thursday night & it wasn't crowded. I had a couple mojitos and fries with a friend, and everything was good. I definitely want to come back to try one of the main dishes. They have outside seating which is nice for the warm summer nights. Our service was good as well. Apparently there's live music some nights so I'd like to come back for that!Great new spot in Brewerytown just a few doors down from Crime and Punishment. Modern vibe and a great cocktail list.  They use fresh ingredients in their drinks which makes them extra yummy.  Definitiely worth checking out.Will be back very soon! Beer selection is great. Ordered wings, pizza and other apps and the food was absolutely delicious.decent add to the neighborhood, but i feel the pricing of the cocktail list is more downtown-geared than 27th & girard. buffalo wings were banging. fish & chips and lobster mac and cheese were tasty. i dig their week night specials too (bubbly mondays; taco tuesdays; wine wednesdays, etc). would love to see this place really take off.I was in town visiting a friend and we came to this bar to grab a quick bite to eat. Service was fast and the atmosphere was pretty chill. I ordered the steak frites. It came with sweet potato fries, I sent them back to get regular fries, which came out pretty quickly. The food was just okay but pretty decently priced. My friend and I ordered two entrees and one cocktail for $50. Not sure I'd make a point to return, but I wouldn't be opposed either.This place always has a great menu. And their service is friendly and super accommodating. I especially like that their jukebox plays music loudly, so its worth the dollar per song!Fantastic eclectic menu with really creative craft cocktails. The Pho is really good, as are the Thai wings and the Mac and cheese. Looking forward to trying more stuff on future visits. Have Brian make you a Smoked Manhattan... you won't believe how good they are. This little gem is a sign of what this neighborhood will become.This is a cute spot in Brewerytown to grab dinner. I wouldn't recommend coming here for the game because I could barely see the TV from the bar. I'll admit, they got my order wrong initially (giving me a house salad instead of the strawberry salad), but I was a happy camper after they gave me a giant bowl of fresh fruit at my suggestion to make up for it :) I definitely plan on coming back.This place is absolutely a GEM!  Artisan cocktails and an amazing menu.....a must for the food and beverage enthusiast. Check it out.  This will be my new hangout for the Grown and Secured Vibe!  Fo sure!!!!!The short rib grilled cheese. Holy smokes what are you waiting for?! But also, you won't be disappointed with anything you order here. The food is SUPERIOR to flying fish and the atmosphere is nice and cozy. Good beer drinking to be done here or if you're in the mood for a delicious cocktail, they have some interesting and delicious options. The owners are the bomb and everyone is real friendly. I will continue to go back, so glad it's here.Amazing food and drinks once you walk past the jarring comic sans font. Fries are especially delicious. Also lovely bartenders/servers, and the live music on Wednesdays is an added bonus. Overall definitely a go-to place!Brewerytown has a new Pace to visit.....nice beers on tap, mixed drinks and some very good eats......try the Pho soup, authentic and delicious.  Plus, a nice selection of other food items as well.  Cozy, seats about 24, with additional seating around the bar.  Just opened and seem to have their act together.  Going back tonight to try some more food and drink.Not impressed by the service, drinks or vibe of this restaurant. We had two beers that were far overpriced for what they were and it took forever to get service, drinks, and our bill. We were also right by the door, which kept sticking open so we were super cold! The crowd was as loud and obnoxious as the music. I can't comment on the food, but it looked pretty good, maybe I'll go back and try it sometime.I love this place. The food and drink is spot on, and the owners and staff do a brilliant job of making you feel welcomed. It has the vibe of an old school tavern with the brilliant menu of a new jack gastro pub. 
If there is a reason to venture to Brewerytown in search of a proper meal, good spirits and an even better time this is it. 
And make sure to say a big "cheers!" to Antonio, Mino & Brian when you're in. 
Because it's a bang on job they're doing..I'm not too familiar with Brewerytown but it definitely seems like a lot of locals really enjoy this place. After visiting for charity Bourbon tasting event, I see why! The bartenders were friendly, attentive and very knowledgeable about their drinks. They have a pretty decent selection of specialty cocktails as well for the customers that don't fancy beer. If I find myself back here in the future, I have to try the calamari. It sounds like it's pretty popular!A simple neighborhood spot that serves up a diverse selection of tasty treats--both the kind served on a plate and the type offered in a glass. I dare you to go & not love it! Great service and an equally great happy hour.A Brewerytown gem with consistent friendly service and a newly expanded menu with great options. Try the cheese steak egg rolls. Great version and cocktails too!Nice sport bar vibe with a rustic feel inside. It's just the style establishment this areas been missing. It's walking distance from my place which is convenient. The food selectionis sort of a classy bar style food with tastey apps, sandwiches, burgers and sharers. I recommend both items that I've eaten; the steak spring rolls and the turkey avocado BLT. I was too hungry to get a pic before devouring them but they were great. Food came out relatively quickly and bartenders were pretty attentive. I'll be back to add more.Wow so fun having this in our neighborhood right bar great staff I didn't eat there but the food looked great dude at the counter had a burger locked out of this world try their smoky Manhattan very impressive congratulations. Best of luck to you and welcome to our neighborhoodMy friend and I stopped here after a long walk on a recent Sunday afternoon. It is a very nice set-up and layout. They had the large front windows open that day, which created a nice open atmosphere. They also had a very good draft beer selection. But that is where the positives end.
The bar was full, but we were the only party sitting at a table. Our server was quick to take our order, but that is the last time we saw her for a while. And the food took quite a bit of time to arrive considering we only ordered nachos and spring rolls to share. The food itself was fine. However, the nachos seemed to be microwaved; the bowl was piping hot to the touch, but the nachos themselves were lukewarm. 
My friend need a refill on her Coke while we were eating, but the server was nowhere to be found. I finally walked up to her as she was coming out of the kitchen to tell her we needed a refill. After that, she was at our table chit chatting for a quite while (maybe to make up for lost time). 
I am not sure what was taking up the rest of the server's time, but it certainly was not any of the other customers sitting at tables because there weren't any!I ordered the strawberry salad with chicken and prosciutto flatbread.  Both were good.  I kinda wish the flatbread was more...flat.  It didn't have the crunch I normally expect in a flatbread.  My fiance ordered the turkey BLT that came with fries. He enjoyed his sandwich but nothing mind-blowing.  Call me weird, but the fries reminded me of McDonald's fries in the best way possible. I'm not even really sure what I mean by that but they were incredible.  I will definitely be back to try the truffle fries because who doesn't love truffle fries?  The flowering hibiscus cocktail is on point though!    The sazerac was HUGE and very smooth.  I will definitely be back since it's so close to home.   Plus, I need to try their brunch menu.  I wish I could give another half star because it's not a 3 but not a 4 either.
Updating my review because this place is fire.  I had a BLT and my fiancé had a burger.  Both were really good.  Fries are still amazing and the Bloody Mary was delicious!I must say for my first visit I was truly impressed with the food and the service.  My husband and I came back the next day and had brunch and we were not disappointed.  Next we have to try and make happy hour and the weekly specials.  You must try them out.A nice, convenient find in the increasingly popular Brewerytown neighborhood. Slightly short but good draft selection, and the special cocktail list was mostly nice updates to classics with no stupid flavored vodka crap. The flatbreads made a perfect late night dinner. Staff was helpful and friendly enough.Always have a blast here! The food, drinks and atmosphere are perfect for a casual night out! We take friends and family here all the time and everyone has the same to say! Great addition to the neighborhood!Lots of original cocktails, and good tacos. Front of the place opens up to allow fresh air on nice days.
I reccomend one of the smoked bourbon optionsWe went on a weeknight. Everyone was sitting at the bar. We took the last two seats. We ordered drinks and dinner.
Crowd: mixed. Young, old, black, white. Great to see and exactly what I want in a bar. I hope it draws the great folks who went to Sara's Place.
Drink list: not bad. Not a Bud Light in sight! Cocktails seem sophisticated, but I wanted a beer. The beer list was solid, with some tried and true, some new. Not a very long beer list, but that isn't a bad thing. There seemed to be something for everyone. Except for the Bud Light drinkers. Sorry, bros. Find another bar.
Staff: very friendly, excited to be there, working out the kinks of a new gig but this clearly isn't their first rodeo so they took pretty good care of us.
Menu: the brussels sprouts were a total surprise. I can't wait to have them again. Wings and grilled caesar salad were good. Fries were great. Green salad was a miss but mostly because the other food was great so a boring green salad was.... boring.
Decor: Nice. Not what I was expecting for a neighborhood joint. Bar seats weren't that comfortable, though.
Music: I really hope the digital jukebox on the wall thought terrible pop music was a good choice and it wasn't an actual choice by anyone there!
Reasons for not being a 5: empty plates sat a bit too long (probably something that will get ironed out after they've been open a bit longer), terrible pop music (hopefully the digital DJ and not something that is part of the vibe), uncomfortable seats.
Reasons you should go: fries, brussels sprouts, good beer list that doesn't make your head spin, nice cocktail list, wings, staff, it's a great new business on Girard!We swung by in the first month of opening, food was average and expensive. 2637 had more of a sports bar vibe than traditional eatery.I probably would only visit here on a Tuesday. The tacos are great for 2 dollars. I also tried their knock-off version of Pho; average (but don't answer them when they ask them how it taste because they won't show up again). It was probably my fault because when I said the Pho was average, they told it wasn't an Asian restaurant, then she told me it was her grandma's recipe. So is your grandma a bad cook or not Asian.
All that said they had good beer and the other waitresses were nice.The perfect neighborhood spot! The staff make you feel right at home. They have amazing cocktails! The food is phenomenal & they change up the menu for each season so you know the ingredients are fresh. I highly recommend you stop by to experience 2637Brew!The best place for cocktails and a delicious bite to eat. I love it. The bar staff is very pleasant, food delicious, I'm definitely gonna be a regular hereSmaller bar in brewerytown but does not skimp on selection (cocktails, beers and food). The beers could be a little bit more reasonable (majority if not all are 7 bucks and up) 
Staff is extremely friendly, service is great and if you're looking for seats, they do a great job of letting you know when seats open up at the bar or outside 
Food is awesome and provide good portions! We split the turkey blt sandwich and one of the flatbreads with a side of fries. The fries come in a large bowl (plenty for sharing between 2-3 people) and are so good! The sandwich and flatbread were large and we will definitely be back for food!!Everything about this place is great ! The staff....... the food .......the drinks. Consistent tasty dishes at a reasonable price. Best drink bar in this area that does not break the bank.
My favorite neighborhood spotThis place lacks a few things ie., personality, ambiance, and the prices aren't conducive to this diverse socio economic community.  
I think the staff is boring, the place is cold and the wine is too expensive. Though i want these bars and restaurants to survive, it would behove them to put more effort in the bar atmosphere and drinks.Amazing food... cool vibe. Love the indoor out door feel. Clean and overall a cool chill spot. 
Service was good. I came in on a Thursday night to watch the game and it was a good time.I I live very close by and I was excited about this new place in my neighborhood.  My best friend and I decided to try it because it came highly recommended by a fellow service industry worker (bartender/waiter).  The food was good for the price and I fell in love with the guacamole!!! My disappointment came by way of the bartender.  I ordered a margarita with salt and when it arrived without I asked could he rim it with salt and rather than just oblige, he said you didn't order it with salt, both my best friend and another customer said that we did. Good service would have been to say "I didn't here you, I apologize" but he didn't do that. Instead I had to ask him to please rim my glass after which he ignored us the rest of the night (and the place was not busy- he was too engrossed in eating his Pho), never asking if we wanted another drink. Needless to say I will seriously consider if I ever want to give this place another chance.  The food was good but the service was bad.Every time I come to visit, my friends take me here, and it has yet to disappoint. The lobster Mack and cheese is to die for, and the brunch is amazing.Went in last week for lunch/brunch and was surprised by how cute the place was. Definitely fits the neighborhood with exposed brick etc. but was surprised at how good the pho was and also the huge selection of specialty drinks. Beer selection was pretty good too--will definitely be back2637 is by far one of the best restaurant/bars in Brewerytown. From their unique beer list to their top notch cooking, this place does it all. I highly recommend the Vietnamese coffee cocktail complete with patron as well as the cheese fries which have to be the best I've ever had. The service at 2637 is great as well, the staff is friendly and attentive. 
Highly recommend stopping in here if you're in Brewerytown.I come here at least once a week and I absolutely love it. The whole staff is awesome and so down to earth, the drinks are delicious, and the food is delicious and affordable.This place is decent, Been here twice. Seems a bit expensive for what it is and their menu is kind of random. Good place to grab drinks and it is nice in the summer because they open the front windows.So far, so excellent. Everything I've tasted here is incredible! Where else can you go to have nachos as an appetizer and Pho as an entree? Seriously. And their nachos are DELICIOUS. EVERY chip is doused in gooey, tasty cheese with the meat and salsa of your choice. We've had both the pork and steak options! 
Being an indecisive (yet creative) group of friends, we each ordered different tacos and pulled the old switcharoo so we could try each one. I must say, I gravitated more toward the pork tacos and the fish tacos. Each selection was prepared differently, with varying toppings and sauces. The steak was VERY tasty, however, it was almost too high quality and flavorful for tacos? I liked it so much, I could've just ditched the tortilla and had the steak. That being said, I'm sure the steak frites are incredible!
Their beer and specialty cocktail selections are seasonal and quite delightful. They rotate their draughts frequently, but the flavors have always been consistent. 
I'll end on this note: I had the Pho here twice (wait for it...) in one day. Breakfast AND dinner...and had no shame in doing so. 
Please keep the deliciousness of my favorite hangover cure here Pho-ever.Review update! 
I've been eating here for over a year now and I have to admit it's one of my favorite places to eat in the neighborhood. There are so many options and I'm never disappointed! I've brought all of my out-of-town guests here to dine and they always want to come back. 
My favorite is the lobster mac&cheese. Ooey, gooey and delicious! (They don't skimp on the lobster.) I also love the tacos and truffle fries for a quick meal. 
If you want a smaller spot with a great atmosphere and friendly staff, it's definitely a great choice. 
Try the brunch too!Food was delicious and service was even better. Chicken and waffles were delicious. Service was really great and consistent.Had a really great time here. Good food, Good beer, and great people. I stopped in after showing some houses in Brewerytown and will definitely be back! 
They had a lot of really awesome specialty cocktails, but I opted for beer which they also had a really nice selection of. The Bar manager Brian was really great. Very knowledgeable of not only the beers and drinks, but a local Brewerytown expert too. Also my server Kat (cat?) was awesome and very friendly. 
Will definitely be back another night to try some of their cocktails and the mango pizza a regular was eating next to me!My status as "regular" here soon come! 2637 is the cutest little bar nestled between 26th & 27th on Girard in Brewerytown. I went for the first time last night around 9pm & it was PACKED. We stood at the bar for a bit combing threw their tap list while waiting for a seat to open up. Let me tell you, the ladies here are on top of evvvverything. You don't have to worry about fighting for a seat when one opens up at the bar because they have a system of keeping track of whos next to be seated. Loved that. 
I wish I got a pic of the food menu as it's not your typical pub fare. My friend & I shared the fried calamari, eggplant rollatini & prosciutto flat bread. All of it was amazing!Overall, this place is a hit! My fiancé and I went since we live up the street and we're really surprised! The place is small but just the right size for a neighborhood bar. The employees were very nice and made sure we were treated well. A bit pricey, but very delicious. 
The food. My goodness the food was really good! We ordered the shrimp flatbread that had goat cheese and a pineapple sauce that I literally want on everything! We also ordered the lobster mac n cheese. If you go, get this! I could probably eat this regularly as a part of my normal diet lol 
We also ordered the calamari which was okay. I'm not a fan of tiny pieces, but my fiancé enjoyed it. We also ordered the nachos. They were also just okay and I ended up not finishing them because they were cold in the middle. But the staff was totally understanding and quickly took them off the bill. 
I did order one drink which was made martini-style and very strong. Perfect for me! 
The reason it didn't get 5 stars was because we did have an issue with fruit flies. This was really surprising bc it was still winter. However, I hate fruit flies so we took the rest of our food to go. This wouldn't keep me from returning but I do hope they are able to fix that issue. (I suggest putting a bowl of apple cider vinegar with a few drops of dish soap in a discreet location. That'll attract the fruit flies and keep them away from customers)I absolutely love 26! Their food, their beer rotation, and their staff/owners all make this restaurant a fantastic addition to our neighborhood. We love their pho, i keep coming back for their Thai chili wings! (Love them), and looking forward to trying the lobster mac and cheese. I always feel welcome and love having them as our neighbor!!! Sorry for all of the exclamation points, love these guys :)Had I left this review after my first experience it wouldve been one star. I ordered the hummus which came out the consistency of soup. It had little to no flavor and I found a hair among the veggies that came with it. My boyfriend order the fish and chips that had absolutely no crunch to it. He called it "the worst fish and chips I've ever had ever". Fast forward about 6 months and we decided to give it another try. We got buffalo wings and mussels. The food was MUCH better. The wings were INSANLEY spicy which I didn't personally enjoy but for anyone who is looking for hot wings you will not be disappointed. Had no complaints with the mussels. The beer selection is pretty good. Usually always good breweries on draft. The employees are always polite and friendly. The menu and execution of the food needs to improve some but it's a new business so I'm not writing it off just yet.