This little neighborhood bar was nice. The bartender,  Sterling, was helpful and friendly. The patrons were all friendly, but I have to keep in mind it was a slow Sunday night. I had eaten before getting here, so this review is only about the bar and atmosphere. The bar is dimly lit, there is a video arcade game with multiple classic games (pacman, donkey Kong, Galaga etc) next to a pinball game, in the back of the bar. My friend and I had fun playing a couple of games. The tap had 16 varieties of beer and the can/bottle list was very good. I would recommend this place if you want to relax, have fun and enjoy a good beer. I'll update when I get a chance to try the food.Found this place on my last night in Philadelphia and I am so glad I did. I had a beer flight with 4 beers which were some of the best beers I've ever had. I had 2 IPA's, a saison an a lager...all very flavorful and smooth. I also had the asparagus pizza which was amazing, it is enough for two people and packed full of flavor. I ordered arugula on the pizza for an extra 2 bucks and this is where my only complaint comes in. For 2 bucks I think there were about 15 arugula leaves, I love arugula and was hoping for a bit more based on the cost. The staff was attentive but not over the top and the atmosphere was great. I recommend this place if you are looking for a great experience with a good price tag!Great place, good beers which are rotated regularly.  Used to have free Wifi which is currently not working - not sure why.  Depending on the bartender working you could be watching sports - which is great or murder movies - which is a little weird.  Food is very good, simple and delicious with a good portion size!  Happy hour is 4-6 and they just started filling Growlers which I'm certainly a fan of!!!This place is two blocks away from my house and I don't know what we would do without it. It is absolutely our "go to" for food cravings and good beer. They were even open during the blizzard! Love this place. 
P.S. Try the pulled pork quesadillaA friend lives a few blocks from here, and she introduced me to this place. The interior is kind of dark, but livened up by strings of red Christmas lights. We both got Lancaster Kolsch pints, and what a delicious local beer. We ordered the brussel sprout appetizer and they were such a delectable treat.. Halved brussel sprouts roasted and served in a light bacony dressing. They were outstanding. 
We both also ordered soft tacos. They were filled to about bursting with fresh flavors of tomato, cilantro, the beef was perfectly seasoned and cooked. We both asked if they would substitute the queso fresco for a shredded cheese on the tacos. They did this for us. We ate our meal sitting at one of their outside tables. I believe the bartender was named Jason. He was friendly, unassuming and took good care of us. We wanted one last beer after our meal was done, but the keg of Lancaster Kolsch was kicked. The bartender recommended Purple Haze and it was a delicious choice. Kind of raspberry flavored. I will definitely be back here.Hector opens beers with his eye brows and pours tequila down your throat like a Mexican Jesus. Oh, and the turkey burger is real ground turkey meat, none of this freaking filler bullshit.Went in based on a recommendation for a quick dinner.   Didn't expect much.  The place is no frills but the food and service was really great last night.   There was one server working the bar and tables.   She never kept anyone waiting, and was moving the entire time.   The food came in a reasonable time.   The fried pickles were awesome.   I had the beer can chicken sandwich which was pretty hot (as expected since it said it was full of long hots.)   The potato wedges were great two.   The rest of the family all for the beef and grilled cheese.   They loved them.  Have walked past this place many times and didn't think it was more than a corner bar.   It is.   The food and service were great.   The atmosphere is low key and no frills, but sometimes that's just what you want.Formerly Raw Dawg's Saloon, 2nd Street Brew House is a South Philly corner bar on Two Street with a love for local craft and imported beer... with a huge tv behind the bar.
It was suggested that my girlfriend have her birthday party here this past Friday night but neither of us had been here before.  I'll admit that I'm not too familiar with South Philly corner bars but when I saw the Troeggs and Victory lighted signs in the window and decorative Ommegang bottles, my interest was piqued.  
2nd Street Brew House had about 8 taps with a mix of regional and west coast craft beers as well as a couple crafty imports.  The bottle list must have exceeded 40.  All prices were in the $4-$6 range with a couple big bottles in their appropriate $20 range.
The front of the house seats a bit more than a dozen at the bar while a couple high tops seat another dozen or so.  The back of the house is pretty big and set up with tables, a dart board and a Ms. Pac Man / Galaga arcade.  I'm pretty sure I overheard the owner say that food was in the works but I can't figure out where they'd prepare it.
The people on staff that night were amazing.  They're really great friendly people that make you want to keep going back just to hang out with them (and drink their expertly selected beer list).  They let us have some pizzas delivered for the party and provided paper plates and helped with the clean up.  I felt like they went out of their way to make bunch of happy drunk people feel at home.  When I evidently took the last of the money out of their ATM (cash only bar for now), the owner gladly took money out of his own pocket to satisfy my withdrawal request - with a smile on his face!  Amazing.
I had a great time at 2nd Brew House Friday night.  So thanks to them for hosting us and for being awesome people.  I've already told a number of friends to check the place out and I know a couple have been there already.  I don't know the back story with Raw Dawg's and from what I've read on Yelp, it doesn't seem like the beer list has changed too much.  I imagine it's the same owners as well.  Maybe "Raw Dawg's" wasn't truly selling the bar for what it was and they needed a name change.  Honestly, I'm more comfortable walking in to a Brew House than a bar that sounds like a leftover from the Jersey shore scene of the 90's.  So, good call on that one guys.  Looking forward to seeing if they do serve food.If you're looking for the best bar in south philly stop right now. What a great environment with friendly staff and awesome food.  This place is the top of the line in south philly.#bringbackkevin
I came to 2nd Street Brew House for quizzo on a Wednesday night. I wouldn't say it was the best night of my life, but it was definitely in my top 1. The place was packed and Kevin was on top of his game. Me and my friends had a great time.
Now that Kevin is gone, forget this place. Also, I heard the owner is an a-hole.
#bringbackkevinI stopped in here at the recommendation of a friend for some drinks and food. I wasn't that hungry but was curious about whether I could add this to my list of casual dining spots. I ordered the tacos and though they tasted fine, they came out room temperature. I expected the chicken to be warm, so it was disappointing. There were two tacos and I hardly finished the one, having been turned off by the temperature. The bartender never asked if they were ok. I wanted to ask her if they were supposed to be hot. I wasn't sure because the chicken didn't feel like it had ever been warmed. Maybe they were meant to be cold. The bartender kind of just stuck to talking to her regulars so I got out of there. I don't know if I'd return.I have been here twice for drinks-once when they opened and again months later. First experience was great. The owner was really friendly and we had a great conversation. Beers were really good and I was excited to return. Second visit was a disappointment. We came here after eating lunch at Khyber Pass and before heading across the street to shoot pool at Buffalo Billiards. The bartender (lady with blonde hair) was slow and a little rude. She seemed out out at having to pour beers for more people- bare in mind the bar was only half full. Maybe she was just having an off day. I will probably give it another shot.This is a total dive bar. Beer is good on tap, food is pretty well priced, but nothing makes this place stand out. Potato wedges were mediocre, my burger kinda fell apart and I could barely see 5 feet in front of me. 3/5, some room for improvement.Good beer selection (not that that's amazing anymore), good bar staff, good jukebox.
I would go back.Nice spot with a pretty good beer selection. A bunch of taps and even more bottles and cans. The menu is smaller, but the pork BBQ sandwich I had was delicious. Seems like some good daily specials are here and the bartenders were great! Definitely worth a stop.This unassuming corner bar, packs in a strong brew list with delicious food! We ended up at 2nd Street Brew after bar hopping around Philly for a few hours and were nicely surprised. The place looks like a tiny corner bar from the outside, but has plenty of seating room and even a full kitchen inside. The atmosphere is really chill and divey....like another reviewer said, almost like a coffehouse vibe.
The bar has a long array of brews for all you craft beer lovers. As for me, I still need a helping hand in trying to decide and appreciated the guidance from behind the bar. Unlike other bars in Philly serving up crafts like BRU, you have to come in knowing your stuff, or get ready to feel like a jerk. Mostly because the volume of clientele is so high, they can't dedicate the time to you. Here, it is much more chill, almost asking an old friend for advice, you can sip slowly and get to really know what you like. I had the pleasure of drinking with the owners, Tiffany and Jim, who added that south Philly hometown, hospitality. 
Now, let me talk to you about my CUBAN SANDWICH.... I'll preface by saying I never order Cuban sandwiches from restaurants that aren't Latin; I've just had too many bad experiences. But the hubby talked me into it, and we are obsessed! Don't be upset that it doesn't look like a Cuban, since it is served on thick sandwich bread slices. It has thick pieces of steak in it, oozing cheese and just wonderfulness bringing it all together. We literally went to the back to thank the cook for how good it was. It is also served with potato wedges versus fries. 
The odds of you ending up at this small bar in south Philly are pretty slim, but go take the drive to the other side of town. I will definitely be returning to sample more from their menu.I've been here twice. Friendly service, great beer selection that you can't get anywhere else in the neighborhood. I also like that I would be completely comfortable going here on my own and watching a game and have a couple beers. 
Food - I had a panini which was fine, and tater tots that were really good! I'd just want a little bit more of a selection on types of food. But what they do is good.Wednesday night quizzo is the best in the city. Great servers and quizzo Kevin is hilarious.  I would give it 5 stars, but I hear quizzo Kevin is not coming back, therefore, I won't be back. #BringBackQuizzoKevin #AndTheFriedOreosNothing short of perfection.... 
The owner Tiffany has created a beer masterpiece in South Philly in 2nd Street Brew House. Not only do they have over 65 types of bottled beer, but a rotating tap of 12 beers that are moved at a rate of 3-4 new ones a week. Logan the amazing bartender is not only knowledgeable about the selections, but a beer lover herself so she is completely honest about what she likes and doesn't like. 
Although the amazing beer selection rivals Monk's downtown but is far less expensive, the food was the 5th star in this rating.  The tater tots were absolutely perfectly baked with cheesy goodness on top and a spicy mayo dipping sauce. They don't have a fryer, so they are forced to make amazing bar food that is healthier for you.  Add in the tasty and unique bar pies with the chef trying out new recipes, you have a new winner here. 
If you're in south Philly and looking for a great place for a pint, I highly recommend you swing by 2nd Street and say hi to Tiffany, Logan, Joe and the 'Hat Girl'.The vegetable grill  cheese (note the lack of -ed) is the best sandwich available to a vegetarian  in the city.  I crave it.  Thick buttery toast, buffalo mozzarella, fresh grilled vegetables  piled high... omg.  Its $9, comes with potato wedges, and is all natural.  No soy overload leaving you crying at Subaru commercials the next day.  Best part is, its at the corner bar with tons of beer on draft served by Hector who is the coolest.  Lovin it!Quizzo at 2nd Street Brew House was something that my friends and I looked forward to every week for well over a year now. The food, the drinks, the atmosphere - everything about it was great. However, I have to give this place a 1 star now that Kevin is no longer hosting. You're never gonna find a better Quizzo host in Philly, and anyone who has played Quizzo with Kevin can back me up on that! I'll be more than happy to come back to Wednesday Night Quizzo at 2nd Street once Kevin starts hosting again. #BringBackQuizzoKevin #AndFriedOreos #IAgreeWithJenPI met my friend for drinks here a week ago. Before that, I didn't know about the place at all. As soon as I walked in, three men in the back struck up a conversation with me. They were courteous and funny, and they invited me to sit down with them while I waited. I go out regularly in Philly and don't have this happen often, so it was a refreshing change to be around friendly people.
The bartender was very knowledgeable of the beers, a lot of them from smaller breweries, and helped me select one that was QUITE delicious! I struck up a conversation with the owner about food ideas for the future, and he was very interested in our opinions about the place.
The only downside is that they don't have the ability to take credit cards, and the ATM in the bar was down when I was there. Since I only had a little cash on me, I could only have one drink. However, the place was so comfortable, I will be back. This time with more cash!2nd Street Brew House is great.
I first came here a few years back with some friends who live in the area. Now I live around the corner and it's become my go-to neighborhood bar.
I can't speak to the food because I've never eaten here, but the beer selection is great and the service solid. The bartender can get pretty busy but they always make sure to check in with you and see if you'd like another round or need anything, even when you're at the tables in the back. 
My only gripe is that it can sometimes get really hot inside but that doesn't change how much I like it here.
The happy hour is good too!I have regret not going here when I lived in Philly, but this place is pretty cool. Had a chance to come here on a Sunday during brunch, and luckily the place was a bit dead. I guess everyone tries to go to the popular spots 1st, but good for me because I got a spot at the bar! Brew House does have an eclectic beer menu of a lot of great craft beers on tap. My bartender was cool and would check on me periodically. 
I decided to get some food as well with my beer. I decided on the bacon mac & cheese with pulled pork for my lunch.  The mac & cheese was incredibly gooey with cheese and loved the bbq pulled pork in it. Drizzling it with some Sriracha sauce also makes it a great meal. Cool low key spot in the heart of 2 street area with good brews and food.Great neighborhood place.  Jim and Tiffany are amazing, and the bartenders are fantastic (shout outs to Hector and Avery).  I do, however, miss the tater tots!  But the new BBQ is great.I was having a good time at quizzo but then I think I saw the two old drunks who own the place bite someone. It was like the end of Mulholland Drive.  Total chaos. I was hearing some rude stuff, let me tell you. I hope Kevin's alive. Great food and beer otherwise.This was my go-to and the first bar I ever went to in Philly when I moved here. I moved a little farther away but I still like to come by once in a while to chill. It's a small bar with a very pub-ey atmosphere. I like to come on slower nights since then it's quiet and you can have a conversation over a couple of good craft brews that they have on selection. Their food has changed many times since I started coming, but their current menu is great and has quite a variety and decent vegetarian options if you're concerned about that. The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is that sometimes you can be waiting a long time to be served. Don't come here if you're on any sort of time crunch. Otherwise, just sit back and relax.Great, cheap beer selection.  It's quite a hike from my neighborhood, but I ended up there for a party arranged by some friends who live in Pennsport.  Seemed like there are a lot of regulars, but they were friendly enough to us outsiders, although it was tough to get a drink at times.  There is a really wide selection of all different types of beer, with most in the $3-$5 range.  The front bar area is a little bit of a tight squeeze if people are coming and going, but there's more room in the back with tables.  Great music selection.Great beer selection and really friendly staff. It's nice to find a bar where you instantly feel welcome.Terrible service... Walked in, sat ourselves... Walked up to the less than crowded bar to order three drinks. Both of us were looked at by two different staff members, and blatantly ignored while one checked the register and the other dryed glasses! If we weren't waiting on friends we would have gotten up and walked out! Their beer selection (for dogfish tap takeover, Philly beer week closing day) was less than impressive... And to top it off, we waited over twenty minutes for our change! 
Should have left and met our friends outside. Complete shit service, bar isn't nice enough to be so pretentious!Great beer list, friendly staff, and prices that are easy on the wallet. The place has a neighborhood, corner-bar ambience but the crafts and imports on the beer list, and the bartender in the (hopefully!!) ironic Charles Manson t-shirt take it more into "hipster dive" territory. Very solid option if you are in the area and looking for a low-key spot to enjoy a beer.Greatest little jammer in phila. Staff rules. Beer rules / no pretentiousness. food is the bomb..Happy hour is the shiiiiiiii... Sunday it starts at 10pm oh baby. no mummers, hell yeah.  Quizzo is great fun. Love tiffany and jim and hector and the beardo and logan. people who love and understand good beer.
keep doin what youre doin. ill keep on coming back and rotating that list for you. love yallStopped in here for a beer during DNC convention week and found it to be a rather large place with a decent beer selection. I'm a fan of anywhere with multi double IPAs on draft so five stars for that alone. When it comes to the atmosphere of the place or the fact it feels super corporate, yah I don't recommend this for the beer culture loving type. bro bar meets brewery.This spot is around the corner from my house... and i couldn't feel more lucky.  It had been a bunch of different bars, but the owners who bought the place a few years back have really turned this place into something special.  The beer selection is AMAZING and the bar tenders can talk about them intelligently which is really noteworth in South Philly amongst the Bud Light bars.  They also have food... which isn't the most amazing food... but it gets the job done at a reasonable price.  It seems that the owners know this... as they've recently worked out to have the Guerrilla Ultima BBQ truck come by and set up shop a few days a week.  Yummy stuff coming out of there.  They have quizzo, and happy hour, and theme parties.  Really a great little spot thru and thru...This place is awesome! Great atmosphere, friendly people, craft beer, and delicious pub grub. Seriously, if you order the tots, you will think there are plenty to share with your friends, but once you start eating them, you will want them all to yourself! Yum!I love the brew house! There are just so many good things I have to say about this place. 
First off, they have so many beers here it is insane. Every time I go I make sure I try a new beer, in addition to my past favorites. They have bottles, cans, drafts and you can get take out. If I don't know what to order the bartenders are always a great help. 
Their food is very good as well. I've only eaten here twice but I have no complaints. I know I've tried the tots and two different paninis and they were great. 
Quizzo is on Wednesday nights, which I've been to a few times. I've never won but it's still always a good time. 
Overall great place. Service is excellent, beer selection is top notch and the food is great! Most certainly worth checking out!Beer-a-mania folks -  So many options, such a little place - kudos!
Offering all sorts of drafts, bottles, cans, oh my - they've got it all.   Check the black board across from the bar and let your imagination run wild. Really affordable pints.  $5 for almost everything. Sweet.
Friendly, quick service - even met the owner who really knows his beer.
Menu is small, tiny - offering mostly meh bar-type grub, last visit resulted in tater tots that hit the spot and a very meh-pizza.  Underwhelming food.  Also, this place is still cash-only (there's an ATM in the back though, don't fret!).  
Nice place of respite, especially for beer lovers, in South Philly.Pretzel bites are delicious. The mustard sauce is the best I have ever had.  The rustic pizza was delish and they had great service!  I would spend a lot of time here if I lived in the area!  A good choice!This bar may have solidified my relocation to this neighborhood!  Haha, no but seriously, I am glad to have such a great spot so close to the new digs.  It's hard not to enjoy an afternoon brew anywhere but the combination of good music and a few new friends made it that much better.  Hopefully, I won't become too much of a local here but it sure is going to be damn hard!Hooray! A bar I can walk to that I actually like! So improved from the previous Raw Dawgs, which had such an embarrassing name I could only go there in blizzards. This place has an amazing beer selection, great staff and really reasonably priced food. Their quizzo is my fave in the city! They also have great happy hours with specials not only on beer but the whole menu half price. The crowd is a good mix, people make you feel much more welcome than some of the older establishments on 2 St.This place has become one of my favorite bars in Philly. Great beer, great food, great service and great atmosphere.I love this place.  Solid food.  Reasonably priced craft beer selection.  The thing I love most though, is that they always have an old movie on VHS playing on one of their 3 TVs.  Basically, it's fun, comfortable, and it's not going to break your bank account!iThis place is every thing you want it to be. Perfect, cozy corner bar, with an outstanding beer selection. The staff and owners are super friendly and fun to talk to. Wednesday night Quizzo with Kevin is by far my favorite quizzo in the city - but don't tell too many people! I want to keep it competitive for my team! Beers are reasonably priced for craft selections in this city, and their food is too. This would be five stars if the food were a notch better - it's not bad, just basic.Decent enough bar, decent (but not great) food. The bar is super dark, which is okay but if you stop in for lunch - you feel horrible leaving when it is still light out. 
Staff - there are a few awesome bar tenders and a few that stand and talk to regulars and to show how "cool" they are, put down other places people hang out and other people who aren't regulars. Complete turn off and definitely doesn't make me want to keep coming back. 
On Friday nights when I have stopped in later on, they do a great job at managing a busy bar!Haven't been back in a while, but did receive a message indicating that they were putting in a credit card processor.  As I stated before this was what was holding it back from being a 5 star place.  
I appreciate them giving me the heads up and plan to make my way in soon.Great beer - seriously. Omegang Rare Vos on tap for $5! Leffe Blonde bottle $4.50. I was smitten with this alone.
Decent bar food - a few apps, salads, paninis and a pizza on the menu. I got a Caprese panini (grilled veggies on sour dough flat bread). Good. Nothing overly exciting, but the paninis come with a side spinach salad instead of french fries. Kudos on not being fatties! (I actually think they just don't have a fryer but whatever. I was happy.)
Music like Clap Your Hands, Say Yeah! and Radiohead coming form the juke box. 
Games. Seriously. Real deal old school games. I played battleship at the bar and could not stop laughing with my friend!
On top of all that has been said, I also think it's great to have a corner bar that isn't full of creepers! Nice work, Brew House.Best thing to happen to Pennsport, in my humble opinion! Great beer selection, decent food, nice bartenders (except 1), excellent juke box... and a block from my door! Happy camper, I am.I always find myself enjoying the company of the bartenders. They have a great beer selection. Their food menu is small but what I've had so far has always been tasty. 
All in all, it is definitely one of my favorite new bars in South Philly.Walking in this bar/eatery is very comfortable and and easy to settle into.  Even though the menu is limited everything we got was delicious.  Tater tots with chipotle mayo, nachos (with what seemed to be Hormel chili, was ghetto delish), Mediterranean panini with chicken YUM!, grilled cheese, and quesadilla's sure did satisfy.I LOVE THIS PLACE.
It's super cute, the bartenders are incredibly nice and knowledgable about all of the various craft beer they serve. it's very relaxed, the music isn't overly loud and it's not anything like many of the other dive bars around here who cater to a much more immature (illegal to be frank) demographic. 
Also, the food is DELICIOUS. I personally recommend the 3 cheese grilled cheese with bacon and tomato!Great beer selection at reasonable prices. Friendly & knowledgeable bartender. 2 TV's with 80's movies & the big HD one in center for sports. Did not get a chance to try food but according to the regulars we talked to it's good. Monday's is $1 tacos2nd street was our go to place when we lived 1 block away a few years ago. We were very happy to have a solid beer bar within a block of our house. atmosphere is a mixture of rowhome bar, philly beer bar and chill coffee house. it really depends on the day you are there, but this is a spot that can be crowded and cramped or just busy enough to make you feel welcome while letting you relax. You walk into space with the bar left front for the first half and narrow opening enters you to a seating space. Bar space is nice, compact, lots of seating at the bar and high tables. Back room had tables, american dart board and an arcade game or two.
Service is very good for south philly, tenders know the brews for the most part, are willing to let you try a taste and are not annoyed by anyone.
Selection is amazing for South Philly / Pennsport, draft list is different everyday, bottle selection is moderate but expansive.
Food is the only downfall at the brewhouse; tater tots are great, nicely baked, but the sandwiches are mediocre.
value is very good, most drafts are $5 or less, bottles can be pricey if taking out.Great little bar, punk rock vibe with chill ass people behind the bar. Definitely a nice little kick back bar with jukebox. Tables near the back with a few arcade games to hang out. A plus.This is the spot.  I may be a bit biased since this is my local bar, but seriously... they have the most amazing beer selection.  They always have good stuff on draft and the happy hour deal can't be beat.  Between 4 and 6, you get half off drafts and food.
The bartenders and patrons are cool and I often strike up conversations with people or meet new people there.  Definitely an awesome vibe.Philadelphia, Pennsylvannia ---
The "2nd Street Brewhouse" is a great neighborhood bar located in the "Mummer's" pARTy Zone.
Features are great bar flair, VHS movie selection, "Crush It Like Quint" "Narragansett" beer and "Sarah" - a "Run-A-Way Bill" Favorite bartender.
"Run-A-Way Bill" was here! 
01.01.20This place felt like an awesome living room.  It's as if a very classy homeless man decided to decorate a Victorian parlor with whatever he could scrape up.  I liked that.  I played quizzo here on a Wednesday night, and the questions were good, and the host would ask all of the teams what categories they wanted for next week.  I think, as a bar, we developed some amalgam of Breaking Bad-Roman Emperors-Madonna trivia.  Like everything in Philly, awesome beer list, not too expensive.  The food was so-so.Stopped in tonight cause it was to early to go home. I ordered iron hill pumpkin beer on draft and the bartender gave me a sample first all I can say is where is the whipped cream and vanilla ice cream at? It was delish! 
Just wished they had more lights on.So incredibly glad this place moved into my neighborhood, awesome place!! Thank you 2nd Street Brewhouse for bringing an awesome place to hang and drink good beer in Pennsport!  Awesome beer selection and the bartenders are super friendlyMy friends and I arrived here as a very happy accident after running the Philly half marathon, when looking for a post-race celebration at another place with a similar name. Apparently this happens now and then, and I would say it's a stroke of good luck for anyone who ends up here! It's unassuming - so much so that we walked right past the awning before noticing the door. It's small, with a real neighborhood dive sort of look to it, until you get a peek at the menu and beer list. 
The bartender was friendly and gave great advice on beer selections - as well as offering tastings before we committed to our choices. We ordered a mix of appetizers and other food - all of it sounded great, and delivered on that promise. Think bar food, taken up several notches! My burger was fantastic, and my friends enjoyed their steak nachos and mac & cheese with pulled pork, as well as the meatball sliders. Nothing came out of a food service bag or freezer - it seemed as if everything was freshly made, and the chef even shared some of his secrets to great mac & cheese, as well as offering some tasty homemade dill & garlic pickle chips after the meal. It's obvious he loves food, and care and extra touches to each item the menu make this real hidden gem. 
Everything was great, and we will definitely come back - on purpose next time! If you're looking to go off the beaten path a little, this place is worth the trip. Great value for the price, awesome beer selection, and a menu worthy of any foodie's appreciation. Thumbs way up!This is a horrible place I rather watch my mom get raped then ever goto this place again, last time I went I was beaten by 5 yuppies with craft beer bottles (empty) and they yelled get out of here you damn local. I'm just a neighborhood guy looking to have a good time. 
I was by myself going out for a night looking for that special someone because my girlfriend was just killed in a massive drive by the week before this brutal beating I took. Just do yourself a favor and stay away there's nothing but yuppies, hipsters, and craft beer lovers and if you ask me that's just a bad mixture, more like a time bomb just waiting for the next local neighborhood guy to ask for a miller lite!!!Was meeting friends here for the rare dogfish head event.  Grabbed a table then went to the bar for drinks, plenty of room at the bar. Saw 4 different staff members behind the bar, one of which was clearly a manager. Proceeded to be ignored by all 4 staff members.  Made eye contact with the manager twice, yet she continued to dry glasses. The rest of the staff continued to keep their backs turned to us. Had polite conversation with the guy next to me while still waiting to be served (I'd like to add, I and the other 2 people I was with were completely sober and quiet individuals, so there was no reason not to serve us). Another guy at a table walks up to the bar and the bartender turns around and goes to immediately serve him. By this point the manager and 2 other staff members disappeared but another bartender walks up and first bartender tells him to serve us. Finally!! It had to be about 10 minutes by now! He gives us our drinks, I give him the money and he tells me it'll be a minute because first bartender is now counting out his drawer. So I wait a few minutes and nothing happens. In the meantime, my other friend, who I was meeting shows up. After talking with her a few minutes, I realize I still don't have my change. I asked the bartender what's going on and he says first guy is still counting out, then asked where I was seated and promised to bring me my change asap. After nearly 20 minutes I finally got my change. Don't go here if you're in any kind of rush!!!! The 2nd bartender (black beard) was very polite and the only solace in the entire place. Oh and as I went to the bathroom I saw where the manager disappeared to; she was chatting it up with a table clearly of regulars. Coming from someone who's in this business, I was very disappointed and will not be back. It's a shame too because the place was cute.Cool little bar.  Friendly staff and good beer selection.  the bar tender was helpful and allowed me to sample a number of beers before ordering them.  Ended up discussing a local brewery with the bartender and he gave me a pint glass from the brewery (super cool). 
I've heard they have a fun quizzo but I haven't been to it.  i also did not eat so i can't comment on the food.  
The biggest downside is that they only took cash (unless something has changed since I was there).  They had a small atm in the back but its a super bummer when places try to pass the fee on to the customer by making them use an in store atm.  I don't know what the fee is since i fortunately had some cash on hand, but not taking cards is an issue that definitely would cause me to look elsewhere if I wanted to go out.I was in the area on business and within walking distance.  I thought I would stop in for lunch as my Yelp App said they opened at noon.  Yup, they were open but their kitchen doesn't open until four.  Bummer!
So it looked like I was going to have a liquid lunch and this was just the place to do that.  There is a huge blackboard listing the beers in addition to a written beer menu.  If you are a beer aficionado, and I am, you'll be very happy with the choices. They are also inexpensive.  Most of the craft drafts are about $5.
So I'm have a delicious liquid lunch and I discover that my bartender is not a beer guy.  In a place like this that's not the way to go.  Luckily I know my beer so I really didn't need his help.
If you are looking for atmosphere this place is classic dive bar.  Expect tiny and dark and lots of dark wood.
Other Yelp reviewers really love this place and I love dive bars but based on my visit I can only go three stars.This is a great place to catch a brew and relax.  Good people, good atmosphere, and the owners are super-nice!  I wouldn't ask for any cocktail or liquor recommendations here, but their beer selection is awesome.  Their food is excellent too - great chefs!
I recently had an issue at this place and the owners personally reached out to me and offered free drinks and a free meal.  Incredible.  I've never received this type of attention as a customer from any other bar.  They went way above and beyond the standard for customer service to ensure that I continued to frequent this place. 
This is a must see bar for Philadelphia.  Simply awesome! 
Cheers!
Atmosphere = 8 out of 10
Owners = 9 out of 10
Food = 10 out of 10
Bartenders/service = 6 out of 10A lot of traditional tasting beers and a lot of interesting obscurities!  Beer constantly rotates!I'm giving this place four stars on account of the beer list alone. I loved the wide selection of brews to choose from and the brewery paraphernalia strewn across the walls was fun to look at and pick out which ones I had been to previously. The prices of the beers were quite reasonable and hardly anything on the list was more than five dollars. For craft beer at a bar in the city, that's a good deal.
I can't speak too much for the food, as I was not hungry enough to eat, but the burgers looked delicious and juicy, while the loaded nachos looked awesome (crumbled goat cheese, hello!). They got away with adding only a small handful of fries to the burger orders, but the burgers were huge, so they made up for it (and do you really need THAT many extra carbs when you order a burger?). 
The servers were really friendly as well, which was a surprise, given that this is clearly a neighborhood, dive-type bar. I was not super-impressed with the bathrooms, but I was also there near the end of the night, so it stands to reason they were looking a little less than their best.An okay local bar with flaws.
The Bad: The food is pretty unimpressive. My girlfriend and I ordered the chicken tacos and The Brew House panini. Both of which were super bland and reminded me of something my 4th grade lunch lady would serve.
I paid with credit card and was over charged. I tipped $5 on a $23 tab but was instead charged $31. Hoping it was just an honest mistake.
The Good: The beer selection at their prices is pretty hard to beat. The bartenders are friendly (but noticeably give significant preference to regulars and locals). They play 80's VHS movies on loop.The perfect spot for friends to get together, sit back and totally chill! Great food, fab drink selections and the owners Tiff and Jim make it feel like an episode of CheersThis place is overlooked.. a bit off the beaten path from the usual bars restaurants in the Greater Philadelphia Area. 
Think neighborhood bar, quality good food that is NOT the normal bar-fried-fare.. so your GF can eat here.
The drinks.. look at the beer list. This is no awful dive spot with Miller or Bud products they are proud of. No, they have REAL BEER! Their selection is MASSIVE.. so finding a beer you like is not a problem here.
Good spot to watch the Phils, Eagles, Sixers or Flyers... Quizzo some nights.. and always different specials. Wish I lived closer!When my dad suggested that our party of 8 go here before the Eagles game, I thought there was no way we were going to have a good time. It looked like a tiny bar, with a menu of bar food that wasn't going to cut it with my foodie family, and service was going to hate dealing with our large group in a tiny space. 
I was so totally wrong. 
There was not one single thing that I did not enjoy here. The place was so tiny that there was just one bartender serving the bar and our table. He was tall, skinny, and hipstery looking (sorry, please don't be insulted by that!) and was so awesome. Gave great beer recommendations, was super patient with our picky group, and even had funny jokes. Our table was in the back, far from the bar, and yet not one of our 8 ever had an empty glass or had to wait for anything. 10 stars for the bartender. 
Our food also deserved 10 stars. We ordered like 5 appetizers. Everyone loved the mac and cheese ($8), but I thought the nachos were the superstar. What beer bar makes their own beer cheese queso, fresh pico de gallo and guacamole? I'm pretty sure that even the tortilla chips were housemade too! They were $10 and 8 of us easily split them. If you can't do that math, that means that these nachos are a monstrous beast. We also had the fried pickles *$5) and the flatbread with braised short rib and broccoli rabe ($10).
Everyone loved all of their sandwiches too. I ordered the fish tacos, which were spectacular! Big, perfectly cooked shrimp ($8 for 2 or $11 for 3), with lots of fresh toppings. Other highlights were the steak and bacon grilled cheese on beautifully thick Lebus sliced brioche ($11) and the shortrib sandwich with roasted red peppers and spinach ($12). 
This place also has a happy hour daily from 4-6, except on Sundays. Their beer list is awesome, and if our bartender/server was the rule, they are super knowledgeable about it as well. I really really hope I can make it back again soon!a million bottles of beer and a lot of drafts too. very friendly staff. 
with a more robust food menu (about 6 of the 20 items were paninins) it would get a 4th star.I like this relaxed little bar. I've been twice and both times it was hot outside and cool inside. I've sat at a table both times and on each occasion our server was great! He came around just the right amount. We never sat there with empty beers wondering when we would see our server again. As other reviewers have stated the beer selection is wide-ranging. Both times I found a few things on draft that I wanted to drink/try. The food is okay. It won't kill you, but I would not come here to eat. I had the grilled cheese once and split the nachos the other time. A few reviews mention that smoking is allowed... although it wasn't super busy when I was there, I don't recall anyone smoking.The best bar on 2nd St. The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable about the beer. The tap list quickly rotates. And, best of all, you don't have to deal with the underage crowds that frequent most of the bars in the area.This place is more of a 3.5 in my book. The inside is super dark, so if it's a gloomy day outside, no big deal. However, if it's nice outside, I just can't fathom sitting in a bar this dark.
Bartender was friendly, funny and attentive. Good beer selection and the food is okay - nothing fancy and I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but good enough if you're hungry.
This place is truly a neighborhood bar, and a decent one at that. They do not split checks, so be prepared with cash or to Venmo those in your party.2nd St Brew House was on my "bookmark" list for a long time. I finally made my way here one Tuesday night with a group of friends. The place was pretty empty, so we had no issues grabbing a table for 6 in the back. 
The beer selection was great (which is my main priority). There was something for everyone, and not your standard common beers. I'm taking Free Will sours, Goose Island saisons, didn't  pay much attention to the IPAs or stouts, but they had them too.  Delicious. 
The food was great too. Perogies were yummy, nachos were HUGE and loaded with great toppings. Quesadillas were massive and tasty, enough for 2 to split. Everything was delicious, and the beer was great. 
Service was also great. Its definitely a local community pub, but our waiter was just as friendly and attentive to us as the locals. He was on top of everything, and even helped split our checks a million ways (sorry!).  5 stars, great place. I'd love to come back.