I thought that the overly battered fish and chips were the best ones I have had in a while.  The "hot damn" wings were charred, mostly tasteless under the thick layer of sauce, and turned my fingers black. The beers were good and refreshing.The best part about this brewery is the prices. This is one of few places in center city you can get craft beer for less than five dollars. This place is mostly clean and well kept, and very nicely air conditioned on hot summer nights, something I was grateful
for the night I went.
Along with their own beer they do serve wine and spirits as well, with a reasonable cocktail menu to match. I happened to just stick to beer, and from what I experienced their beer is generally quite typical.
I'll start with the bad; Dark Money, their saison, is extremely forgettable. It is not too spicy or salty like a typical saison, and while it is tart it is not a great specimen. Their oatmeal stout, Belgrave Crescent, starts out well enough but ends on an extremely and uncharacteristic bitter note that left a lingering terrible taste in my mouth.
There is good as well though. The Goldenrye has a nice flavor that is very crisp and has pleasant mouthfeel. Sticky Icky, their double IPA, was probably their best offering. It is slightly sweet but not cloying, and has the perfect amount of kick an IPA should have without being too bitter. 
I would come back here. That being said, I'm not dying to come back here and probably wouldn't go out of my way for more of their brews. If you're in the area and like craft beer, then by all means check it out. There isn't anything extremely unique here, but you might find a decent brew or two on tap.This was my second time coming here.  First time was only for drinks after Dave Matthews concert in Camden.  I am in town this week for work so decided to come here with a co-worker.
I had the Peel Jam IPA.  I loved this IPA.  Liked the grapefruit, orange peel flavor.  Just the right amount of fruit taste.  Would definitely order this beer again.
For dinner I had the Fig and Pear salad.  Salad consisted of arugula, Asian pears, blue cheese, and an olive oil fig vinaigrette dressing.  The portion of the salad was perfect, it was exactly what I was looking for, for dinner.  It was light on the blue cheese, which is what I prefer and the dressing was amazing.  Really glad that I ordered this.
This place has a cool laid back vibe.  Will definitely be back.Asparagus flatbread, Briscuit poutine fries, pretzels ... oh and the beer! All fabulous.The place gets one star for the bartenders.  Very rude and won't get your beer until they finish their conversations amongst themselves. Actually, look annoyed to be bother by a customer the people they are actually suppose to be there to serve and pay their wages. I got one small beer and decided not to eat because how crappy the service was and how rude the bartenders are. I couldn't even get the check to get out of there. I will never go back. They have no knowledge of the beers and seem annoyed to be there.Horrible service.  Manager ran away when questioned about order.  When she finally checked on status, never returned for update.  Hot dogs should not take an hour.  Will never return and would not recommend.Let me first note that the food and the beers were very good! My issue was all about SERVICE. 
This was our 1st time @ 2nd Story. Our hostess sat us down with menus.  Our waiter Kieran asked us if we were ready to order. Dude!! We just sat down! You got a great selection of beers, lemme soak it all in or maybe you could suggest one or two?  We asked for a few min to look it all over. 20 PLUS min later I grab the waiter as he's passing by us to place our order. We order beers, drinks, a couple apps and main courses. Apps come out, we dig in. 5 min later, main courses come out. Table is now jammed with everything at once. Waiter drops off bill. That was the last we saw him. Lol
A dining experience shouldn't be hurry up and wait and BAM, here's ALL of your food. Work on the pace. Don't rush your diners as they just sat down. And don't forget to come back to take the order!!Very good food and beer with an atmosphere to boot.  Came in on a trivia night which was entertainingly fun.  The squid inked gnocchi was amazing with clams that actually had tender meat and not the usual rubber I'm used to.  The IPAs (evolve and pacific rim crusher) were equally impressive.  Finally the staff were attentive and nice.  Win. Come to to NYC please.A group of us wandered in after having a great time on the Big Red Bike Tour.  We sat in the back and ordered some beer and apps and had a great time joking around with each other.  Our server seemed ready for quitting time and not happy about having customers come in, even though the place was open for another few hours.  Everything was average at best (food, overpriced drinks, atmosphere) and nothing here stuck out as special. I'm somewhere between 2 and 3 stars, but because our server was such a party-pooper, I'm going with 2.Went on a double date here and had a great experience! The food and drinks were delicious and decently priced. Even though 2nd Story is known for their beer, I got some kind of fruity margarita and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich with french fries and that hit the spot as well. At the beginning of the meal, we found out it was our waitress' second day on the job, but she did fantastic! Definitely recommend trying this place out.Its not how it was when i 1st came!!! It was nasty tbh not worth it and very over priced! Watery drinks just wasnt good. And the waiter SUCKEDDD!!!!This was a good bar. They have flights of the beer they brew in house and that was a huge plus. The beer was really good and worth going to this place alone.We attended the brewery with a large group.  I had the Hot Cider cocktail with rum. It was delicious.  The group had several appetizers.  I had the Adult grilled cheese and side salad.  My husband had the Salmon entrée. Food was tasty and filling. Servers were very good with our group of 25.  Food was served quickly and with pleasant demeanor.  On a structural note I loved their character period restrooms. Even though I am not a fan of beer the restaurant did not disappoint.A couple of bar tenders took our drink orders. 1 male and 2 females. The 1 male and other female were fantastic. So nice. explained the drink menu. This was our first time here so knowing the beers and specials is a big plus. Michele (one of the 2 females) was not so nice. She was extremely rude. She slammed a beer on the bar running all down and splashing everything She never apologized. She never smiled at us either. What a horrible experience. We didn't even get to enjoy our visit because of such attitude.Pretty big tap room with an upstairs area (closed for a private event when we were there), a big side room with sit-down tables, and a whole lot of communal seating. Lots of TVs for you to watch sports (or Ninja Warrior, in our case).
They have a ton of beer styles available. Wasn't blown away by anything, but it's a good option if you're into local beer.
By the end of the night, there was a huge group who came in and took over most of the place, so getting service was tough. But hey, good for groups, I guess.We ducked in here to take a beer break from sightseeing in the Old City. The interior is modern with spot lighting. The long bar had several sports games on the TV. Not being familiar with their beers, the bartender was very helpful with samples. In general, the beers were hoppier than to my preference, but it seems like a nice place to hang out and enjoy brews with friends or watch a game.Stopped in on a whim before going to a concert at TLA. Excellent beer selection but we stuck with their house made beer. The pretzel bites appetizer were to die for! Paired with a stone ground mustard and a hint of honey and some beer cheese fondue. I got the shrimp BLT which was served as two smaller sandwiches. The fries were fresh and great dipped in the leftover beer cheese. 
My boyfriend got the burger with an egg on it and it was huge, perfectly cooked and just delicious. The prices were what I expected for food and craft beer.Nice selection of beers, local and international, the pulled pork sandwich was very good, my friend had the flat iron steak , also very well cooked ....yummy desserts to finishI really enjoyed my first time at 2nd story! It was great. The service was a 10, the food was a 10. I could have just had a bowl of the cheese fondue they serve with their Fritz's fries. They were delicious. I enjoyed the beer list and the home brews and the whole atmosphere.Five star service and three star beer. So I am spoiled from living in Washington and Colorado, but the beer here was quite good but not great. The service was fantastic though, with very lively bartenders who seemed to genuinely love working together and enjoyed the job. Nice location in old city Philly also.Let's make this easy. Do you like beer? Do you enjoy the company of Philadelphia's finest bartenders serving you drinks and food? Do you enjoy the smell of cedar wood? Go to 2nd story brewing company! They offer a great menu,try the 2nd story burger- the tomato jam is a great touch, or one of their pizzas. It's hard to get a good pizza at a commercial brewery- don't you agree? Keep it simple and try all their beers with a flight. You will not be disappointed. Take your girlfriend. After all arn't we all just looking for someone to share that "second story" with?Reasonably priced to be sure.
The vibe is fun with good music from
The 90s, seasonal options, and a setup that is conducive to talking while not being forceful. 
I was enthralled with the banana infused hefe. Good stuff.The restaurant is awesome, great atmosphere but I have to knock off a few stars for the beer. I ordered an IPA and lager and both underwhelmed, as a brewery brewing right upstairs I think they should be putting out top notch brews.I took a trip into the city to try something new. I ordered a sampler of four brews, all of which were outstanding. I had the lager, ipa, stout and bitter. I would have tried four more but my chicken sandwich was huge and delicious. The bartender was excellent. Great service and helpful. The place started to fill up for lunch, With beer like this it should be hard to find a seat most days This brewery defiantly deserves 5 stars for beer, 5 stars for food, 5 stars for service and 5 stars to the brewer who has a giftThis brew pub is pretty freakin awesome.  You walk in, and there's huge amounts of seating, high top tables, and a very long bar that expands the entire wall.  There's an upstairs too, so you can see the large beer vats in the works of producing your delicious suds.  
I went last week during restaurant week, and was surprised they actually participated in the 4 courses for $35.  Even though the options were impressive, I didn't order anything from the restaurant week menu because the regular menu looked good enough, and was much cheaper.  I had the Adult Grilled Cheese, which was absolutely delicious.  3 different kinds of cheese (including manchego!), bacon, and a really yummy sweet apples inside, on thick sourdough bread.  I would totally order that again, every time!  It was a huge size too.  I got a side salad instead of fries, for no upcharge!   My date ordered the flat iron steak, cooked perfectly med rare, nice job chef!  The steak came on sprout hash with brussel sprouts and a really tastey demi glaze drizzled on top.  So good!  I want to come back and try the quinoa, fig & pear salad, and the Brisket in a Biscuit!  Looks so good!
The beers were average, they had too many pale ales on tap.  Not enough variety for a brew pub, but I do understand the IPAs are more in-season than tripels or sours, and I'm sure they will brew other stuff as the seasons change.  They had one stout option, I would have liked to see 2 stouts or a porter.  But they did have a Helles and a Saison, although the Saison was slightly bitter.  Also, they have a select few other beers that are not brewed by themselves, as second choices, which I liked.
Overall, 4.5 stars, but rounding up because the atmosphere here is totally cool, the renovations are stylish, the food is fantastic, and the service was great!  Also, an extra point because you can order smaller pours of beer for a lesser price!  No point wasting money if you don't like the beer, order a small to taste it!Great menu and food all around, and the atmosphere in here is inviting, but the slow service on a not-that-busy Sunday early evening was disappointing.
Braised spicy pork fundido was a good appetizer, the menu describes it well-a few more chips, but a tasty dish.
Crab salad was really good, with lump crab meat and good produce.  My boys continued the seafood kick with a Shrimp BLT and Fish & Chips-they finished everything and said they liked what they had.   My wife enjoyed her Scottish Salmon.Seriously torn on this rating. Right now, 2nd Story is hovering around 3.25 stars in my head... I think. Maybe. I'm not entirely sure. And I'm not sure they are either.
Since they opened, my visits have been spaced out at every two-three months, it seems. Each time I walk in, they have nearly a whole new draft list. Each newly named brew appears to have a similar flavor to its predecessor, and I'm not sure what all the switcheroos are for. (And..yes, I just seriously wrote switcheroos on a public website and I'm not going to delete it.)
A quick look back at my Untappd shows a favor toward their early/winter offerings, like the Riverwards IPA, and in March, the Revolver IPA. I've yet to see either again.
I think it's great, especially as a newish brewpub, that these guys are trying out things to see what works. But I also think that a touch of consistency could do them a world of good. Like the Hall and Oatmeal Stout? Where'd that pretty thing go? Or heck, the Sticky Icky IIPA was fantastic too.
Yesterday, upon asking for some recs, the bartender suggested their lager. He informed me that it's similar to "Yuengling in a can" to which I'm sure my face replied with "...." Slippery slope to compare to a giant, even if they may be a nearby/classic giant. Needless to say, I did not go for the lager.
I'm hoping to see a few familiar names on the menu my next time in. Like where'd the Tilted Barn go? I vote for a return!
As for the food, everything I've had so far has been great, but especially the adult grilled cheese. Like grilled cheese? Try theirs.This place is awesome! Great service, great beers, and great music playlist! I had the anniversary tripel and barn burner... both were fantastic.Great food and great beer. I had the fried chicken sandwich and we split the pretzels as an app (the cheese that comes with them is bangin'). 
The kitchen screwed up and didn't bring my sandwich with the pizzas my friends had ordered. After a few minutes I asked the bartender if he could check on my meal since my friends had already gotten theirs. He immediately comped the meal and my glass of wine without my asking and went back to the kitchen to get my food for me. I'll definitely be going back.This place was delicious. We went there for a celebratory dinner and ended up celebrating that we'd gone there. The pretzels were great. My burger was great. Everyone else's food was great. The only thing I'd change is I wish the beer menu told you how hoppy the beers are. For instance, I thought their saison was much hoppier than usual (and more than I was looking for right then). Anyway, it was excellent.My wife and I shared the homemade pretzels and the asparagus flatbread for lunch. Simply put, awesome! We could have had a bucket of the beer fondue dipping sauce made with their lager. The flatbread had shaved truffles on it. Our server Marie and the events coordinator/bartender were extremely personable. Highly recommended.Came here for the first time on Saturday for some day drinking and college football. The look of this place is absolutely fantastic - from the seating areas (very sleek) to the bathrooms (gender neutral shout out) to the second story brewery style aesthetic. The beer list was impressive (also considering the in-house brew option) and the food list made my mouth water (I was famished so decision making was difficult). I opted for the Dark Money Saison and was delighted with the taste and crispness this beer offered. After much deliberation, I decided on the fish and chips - other food on the table included the arancini, Tilted Barn Farmhouse Burger, and fried chicken sandwich. The arancini were to die for (something I rarely have by get overly excited for when I see it on a menu) and a perfect was to start the meal. The chicken sandwich looked amazzzzing (definitely getting that next time - it's topped with fried pickles and jalepenos!), the burger looked good, but I must say I was a bit disappointed in the fish and chips. The tartar sauce was incredible, but the fish itself wasn't as bready as I hoped - when I get fish and chips I want greasy and super deep fried, but the fish was a bit meaty (which honestly is not a bad thing, just not what I was seeking with this particular meal). I will definitely need to return here to try some more of the food.
Just as an aside, our server Julia was fantastic! She was attentive but not overly so, made sure drinks were always filled, and ensured that we had a lovely time. Another shout out to the manager-in-training who changed the channel on the middle TV to show the LSU game!Okay, so maybe i wont miss Triumph!We hosted 50 for dinner and almost 100 for after dinner event.
2nd Story was the perfect venue with A+ staff and service.
Dinner food was excellent. Served family style. Wonderful homemade desserts. Great choice of brews kept all happy. I can highly recommend after our experience.Recently opened brewery that offers great food and good craft beer. I ate the Rustic pizza, my friend had the Adult Grilled Cheese, and another friend had the Cheeseburger. All of the food was phenomenal. They have these pretzel fondue bites that were delicious. I plan on going back several times, both for lunch and at happy hour.Cool vibe.  Loved the beer and cocktail selection.  Our waitress was fantastic - she had great recommendations and was attentive.  The ploughmans platter was a great appetizer - a charcuterie with meats and cheeses that change daily.  Our entrees were excellent - the adult grilled cheese and the braised short rib did not disappoint.  Beer and cocktails were reasonably priced, the food was a little of the expensive side but not enough to sour the experience at all.The space inside is great but my experience was not. We started with delicious beers and I put an order in for wings. About 2 wings in, I realized the meat was really really pink, almost red, on the bone. They were not fully cooked. We told our server and I was a little underwhelmed with her concern over the fact that the kitchen had just sent out raw chicken wings. I'm not sure she realized how big of a no-no it is for a kitchen to send out under cooked meat. A second order of wings came out. They were cooked through a little better but still too fleshy for me to stomach them completely. I think we left about 4 or 5 wings still on the plate so even the 2nd round of wings was wasted. I would come back for a beer but it would take me a while to want to eat here again.Great spot. 
To be honest, I guess I walked in not expecting much from friends saying "it's just OK" or " only go for the beer" but you know me, I have to try the food. 
First off -- beer is great. I really enjoyed the stout and the jigsaw IPA. Prices are reasonable anywhere from $5-7ish per beer which is standard these days for crafts. 
The food that we got was good as well. We shared the pretezel bites with mustard and beer cheese sauce, really good on both. I don't usually like mustard, like fake yellow mustard, but real mustard seed is really good. I tried the squid ink gnocchi which was really good! I'm a huge gnocchi fanatic and freak, and usually really picky and this gnocchi was good. Great and exact soft pillowy texture that I was looking for, and the tomato based sauce with the shrimp and mussels accompanied very well. Not exactly pub food, but I loved it all the same!
Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food as well. I'll be backGreat place - 2 floors - made reservations for 8 we came early and they went overboard in trying to accommodate us.  Beer was fantastic particularly the Red Letter Rye Beer.  Food was good - I liked the shrimp BLT a lot - others liked their meals but weren't wowed by them as I was with my BLT.  Great vibe - great beer - decent food (for a brewery) - what more can you expect.  Definitely a place to visit while in Philly if you're into beer.Really cool space.  It's bi-level with a larger bar on the first floor with unisex bathrooms and a smaller bar upstairs with different areas that look like they could be sectioned off for private parties.  The bartenders are really knowledgeable of the beer and great at making recommendations. Definitely worth stopping in, if your into beer.The dearth of quality brewpubs in and around Center City is perplexing given how beer-obsessed the city is. This lack grew even more vexing with the recent departures of Nodding Head and Triumph, whose beers I didn't particularly enjoy but filled a needed niche nonetheless. Upon hearing of 2nd Story's arrival in the old Triumph space, I grew eager to see whether or not the new ownership had improved upon the brews and bites available previously.
Though I did not sample any food, the four beers I did try all hit the spot. Brews sampled included the Adsultim, Riverwards IPA, 117 Pale Ale, and Tilted Barn Saison. Of the four, the saison fared most poorly as it lacked some of the complexity I associate with the style, but was still quaffable. The other three varieties all refreshed immensely and celebrated the nuances of different hop varieties. None were aggressively bitter, as the brewers here seem to favor the more flavorful and aromatic hop varieties like Citra, Cascade, and Chinook. A healthy mix of malts also kept the beers complex and interesting.
The beers were rather affordable, too, at $3-5 a pint with cheaper, smaller sizes available for those with less gastric real estate than me. Few things beat an incredibly fresh beer, and I look forward to continuing to sample 2nd Story's selection (and maybe catch a meal - the food looked damn good).I came to 2nd Story Brewing for a birthday dinner this past Saturday with a group of 9. The first floor is really expansive and had tons of seating area. Most of the tables were casual high wooden chair tables which I prefer because it seems less formal and more easy-going. When you first walk in on the right there are lower seats but still had the wooden bench/stool theme going. There was a staircase that led to the 2nd story (gotta live up to their name, right?). The bathrooms were super cool and gender-inclusive. Both men and women go into the same area and each individual stall has a sink, paper towels and mirror in addition to a bigger sink outside all the stalls. I was a little confused at first because I only saw men when I finished going to the bathroom, but we were all good. 
As for the food, I was slightly disappointed. The pretzels were apparently people's favorite and they were decent - but not as moist as I expected. The mustard was VERY strong (just a fair warning) and it was $8 for 8 small donut-hole sized pretzel bites. As for food, I split an asparagus flatbread with my friend and we each had about 3-4 slices and it was filling enough! If you like beer, this place would be great for you. There were a myriad of beer choices and the flights of beer looked super good! Unfortunately, I don't like beer so I didn't try any but according to my friends it was good. 
Other food reviews:
Pulled Pork Sandwich ($17) - small for the price. Simple bun, pickle and pulled pork that was overly salty and texture was soggy.
Fish and Chips ($17) - 2 HUGE COD FILETS. Wish I had ordered this and if you're in the mood for some scrumptious, crispy, beer battered fish and chips - this is your thang!
3 Hot Dogs - did not come with fries on the side... why not?? And the waitress failed to tell my friend so her bill came out to be a lot more than she expected. I'm not a fan of poor communication, if something doesn't come with a dish, the diner should be made aware otherwise it seems like the restaurant is taking advantage of its customers.  
Furthermore, our bill was incorrect (billed for 2 fish and chip dishes even though one was ordered + the fact that fries didn't come up with the hot dogs). Service was also pretty slow and it took me about 20 minutes to flag down the waitress. A few times, I flagged down a bus boy and he went and got her for us. I expected that they'd be better prepared for a Saturday night. Total bill was $191.01 for a group of 9. Perk is that they didn't charge us a cake cutting or plating fee which is nice! There seemed to be a lot of people on dates here so in summar: 
Ambience: 9.5/10
Food: 4/10
Service: 5/10
Facilities: 8/10
Location: 9/10Update: Ever since we came here the first time, we've been returning regularly and bring almost everyone who comes to visit us. We've never been disappointed. It's the perfect spot for a casual dinner & and awesome drinks. I think we love it so much because it's just an easy, casual spot. You pop in, have some drinks, eat some food, and it doesn't feel like a whole event; everyone needs a go-to spot for that.
Original: Went here with my boyfriend & his cousin to just get a casual dinner and some beers.We were drawn in by the awesome chalkboard signs they have out front. We had the pretzels which were PHENOMENAL, definitely will go again just to have them again. I had the shrimp BLT which was really good. The bread it's on is amazing. It's a generous portion too. Both my boyfriend & his cousin got pizzas and both looked and smelled amazing, and they said they tasted just as good as they looked. The service was fine, no long waits for anything and our server was attentive. I'm not a huge beer drinker so I just asked the waitress for her recommendation of a lighter beer to try and her recommendation was spot on. My boyfriend got a flight and seemed to like each one he tried except for the sour beer - I tried it and it tasted like vinegar. That aside, we will definitely return!Great service and very tasty burger and beer.  If you're looking for a neat little bar and eatery, this is it.Visited for the first time, having lunch with a work colleague. It was pretty quiet, I suspect because it was pouring rain, which probably kept some of the lunch crowd indoors. The restaurant has a really nice feel inside, with a high ceiling and open floor plan. The dark wood and stone interior sets a relaxing tone. The decor is kind of sparse but stylish. We found the service to be great -- all the servers and other staff were very friendly and welcoming. The food was quite good. I had the deep fried chicken sandwich, which probably isn't all too healthy, but very tasty. It was also pretty large. I was hungry and felt well fed. My colleague had the meat lovers pizza. It looked good, and he said it was pretty good tasting. I think I was happier with my meal than he was with his. I drank their Vienna Lager with lunch, which I really enjoyed. In fact, I drank two of them. Overall, I had a great experience here, and I would definitely return to taste more food and beer from their menu. If you're in Old City, you should give this place a try.Few things make my heart go pitter-patter like the words "brewing company." I'm just a sucker for good, unique beers, laid-back bars and tasty, unhealthy pub food - and "brewing companies" usually have all three. True to its name, 2nd Story didn't disappoint, and the legacy lives on. 
While I didn't love Triumph, I was kind of bummed to see it close for some reason, so I was excited when a new brewery took its place. 2nd Story did some really nice renovations and warmed up the space - the bar is huge, with seating for maybe 35 people, lots of wood paneling, nice sparkly holiday lights that are actually cute and not obnoxious, and high top tables all over the place. We were there on a Friday night, and it was packed, but we didn't feel crowded or sardine-y at all; it was more like "Look at all these friendly people who want to drink beer with me and I don't want to punch any of them in the face!"
The menu was a nice mix of classic bar food and snacks and some more unique stuff - I was super pleasantly surprised to see that they even had cabbage cups (aka lettuce wraps) made with Beyond Meat, a new meat substitute product that's supposed to be awesome. I'm aware that statement is kind of like geeking out, but as a vegetarian, that stuff is cool...right...? My man ended up getting the pork fundito dip and I had a delish grilled cheese. Both were yummy and comforting on a freezing winter night. 
The only downside of the night was the fact that while the huge bar was awesome, it also meant that it took a really long time for us to get service. The two bartenders just seemed overwhelmed by the number of people they had to take care of and it felt a little bit like we were sitting on the loser end of the lunch table where no one wanted to give us drinks. In a nice karmic twist though, we were sitting right in front of one of the taps and when one of the bartenders accidentally spilled a glass of beer she was pouring, she comped us our next round simply because she "almost" got beer on us. Woop. 
2nd Story, I like you a lot, and I think Philly will, too.Love their beer! Going here is appropriate for all types of occasions and moods, whether going alone or with friends and family. Plus, excellent location to historic Old City Philadelphia.Get the hefe here it is full of bananas and located in a great hidden gem in philly. Served right away and very friendlyMore stars for terrific location, atmosphere and that the beers are all theirs, no crap. And five stars for being able to plug in your phone to charge right at the bar!
Now for my criticisms: the menu is much less interesting than a year ago so I was very disappointed.  I had tomato basil soup. Tomato purée out of a can plus spices.  And they forgot to put the garnish on in the kitchen. I've been disturbed recently by restaurants' recipes being composed primarily of ingredients from a number ten can.  Don't they make those big cans for prisons and nursing homes?
I'm guessing that the chef moved on and the business manager thought that the food quality/creativity does not actually have to be very good; that the location and level of inebriation of the (mostly tourist) customers means don't bother with really good food.
Beer was fine.  
If, however, you want to weep with joy over beer selection and quality then Uber over to Monks Tavern.
Good neighborhood for strolling however.I'm not in the habit of throwing out 5 stars to everyone. If you can take me back to a simpler time after one bite, I can guarantee 5 stars immediately. However this review is easily a year overdue. I've been watching the menu since and it doesn't disappoint. The wait staff are very attentive and can answer any question regarding the beer on tap. The pairing is on par with most. I have to say that the grilled octopus is absolutely the best that I've had. I wanted to walk in the kitchen and shake the chefs hand. Not everyone can get the texture right with octopus. This place is a permanent bookmark for meHefeweizen was flat. Lager was good. Fish and chips were good as well. The dude bartender was a dick, but the chick bartender made up for it and came around to check up on me. Maybe it's a Philly thing.This place is fantastic.  Food was excellent.  Beer was great.  Hoping to come back again!Very excited to have this place open to fill the Triumph void. Having a brewpub in Old City is a necessity.
Visited here on a Friday night in the midst of first Friday. Despite the crowds we were able to call 30 min in advance to secure a table for when we got there. After a pleasant welcome at the door we were taken to our table promptly.  
Our waitress was very knowledgable about both the food and beverage menus. I would recommend getting a flight of 2nd Story's beers if you like to try a lot of different brews because you can get four 5oz pours for $7.50!
The only reason this place falls short of 5 stars is because of the food. Don't get me wrong- it was all very good, but it did not blow me away. 
I'll be back for the beer, keep brewing!More of a brew-pub than an actual brewery, though you can see the brewery tanks above the bar which is cool. Walking in, it's a classy/modern feel with exposed brick and wood beams in the ceiling which is really cool. Everything is new and updated, and there are 10+ single bathrooms in the back which is very nice and convenient. The bar itself is massive and runs the length of the first floor, with a solid surface (slate?) bar top which is pretty cool. There are four large TVs behind the bar as well so this is a solid choice of a place to catch a game. Had some beers (stick icky was my favorite, declaration IPA won the silver medal) and the chicken sandwich. Beers and food weren't mind blowing but overall were satisfying. I'd recommend this place for groups or small parties who want a causal atmosphere with plenty of food and drink options. Side note: this place never seems to be that busy and you can likely show up (even if a large party) without a reservation.We showed up around 730 and the place was busy, so we figured the service wouldn't be the best. However, our low expectations weren't even met. We waited 15 minutes to be seen by a waitress (who was nice). Ordered drinks and dinner - the beer came and then the appetizers. Then dinner was served. Between placing our drink and food order and nearly finishing our meal, the waitress never came back.
The flat bread pizza was completely undercooked. The pretzels were dry. The grilled chicken sandwich wasn't bad. Overall the food wasn't great and the service was worse. Would not recommend this place with so many other options in the neighborhood.Bad experience. We ordered two flights plus some other beers. We tried the flights, did not like them, and quickly asked to swap out for other beers. The waitress allowed us to switch, and took one of the flights away. When the bill came, the waitress told us her manager said she could not take the flights off the bill. Never experienced that before, next time let us know at the start.Love this place. Great food and beer. The draft list is amazing. Staff is very friendly. Sit at the bar or a table, same great service! They now have Quizzo, which is always fun.  Just please bring back the burgers!!!Derzeit die beste Empfehlung für ein Brewpub in der Touristenzone von Philadelphia - sehr ausgeprägt gehopfte Biere, halbwegs preiswertes Essen und nette, bierkundige Bedienung. Die Musik ist leider unvermeidlich, aber immerhin nicht zu laut.Excited to see this place open after triumph closed. I think the food is better than Triumph. Had a flight of four beers and enjoyed the saison the most out of the pale ale, lager, and brown ale. The beers ranged from $4 - $6.50.
They gave us a beer menu, food menu, specials menu, and bar snacks menu. I thought it was too many pieces of paper. They also suggest beer pairings with their food. One of the beers they mentioned was not on the beer menu which was a bit puzzling.
We had the chicken entree and a chicken sandwich which were both very good. The roasted chicken entree came with gravy which was great.Just happened to be downtown and popped into Olde City to grab a quick bite. Our bite turned into a wonderful meal and an evening of Quizzo:) Thank you Connor for your great service! We will be back!!It's Saturday night and you're in Old City Philly. You try to go to Eulogy:packed, you then try Khyber Pub:also packed. So you mosey down a block to the modern brewery 2nd Story. The good news is that it's food is good, mixed drinks are good and beer is good.
I spent a week in Philadelphia and came here on a weeknight and there were only a couple tables eating and several people at the bar. One of the 76ers came in and had a drink with a friend at the bar too. Coming on a weekend the place is full but it's not packed shoulder to shoulder like the bars in the area.
Service is hit and miss. Their A team is the bartenders so sit at the bar if you want good service. You can get a beer flight or a pint. The desserts were normal with and add on flavor and were good but not great.
I would like this place more if they had bigger tables and maybe some games in the back corner. Overall, it's a good spot.This restaurant was two blocks from the hotel we were staying at and just happened upon it. The menu was very different and eclectic and we ordered the beet salad which was amazing we talked about that salad throughout our whole trip. Everything about this place was great the next time we stop in to Philly this will be our go-to placeMy husband and I went to Philadelphia for our third anniversary.  Our first brewery stop in the city was 2nd Story Brewing.  It was one of my favorite visits of our whole trip!  John behind the bar was great, super knowledgeable, helpful and entertaining.  There were two other guys that kept popping in at the end of the bar that were also great.  The beer was delicious!  I loved the Declaration IPA and the Good Magic.  We just split a flatbread to eat something and that was good as well.  We had such an amazing time!!  If we ever end up in the Philly area again, we will go back!Great beer and delicious food! I normally get a flight (4 beers, $10). This time, though, I just went with the IPA and a Pale Ale. Both great, hoppy beers, less bitter than West Coast varieties. The food this visit was the best yet. Roast beet salad with well dressed greens, roasted onion sticks, on a pool of goat cheese like a greek yogurt. Delicious! I also enjoyed the roasted salmon with asparagus over a horseradish cream, that was a great combination. The place can be busy on a Saturday night, but with an upstairs space and good size downstairs, there is rarely a wait.We had a terrible experience at this restaurant.  They sat a party of 35 with one server.  The poor woman tried as hard as she could but her management refused to give her the support she needed.  After 2.5 hours of waiting for food we walked out.In town for business staying at the Hilton. Easy walk, Good food, great atmosphere. Service a little slow but I was in no hurry. Fantastic beer choices that are brewed in house.The beer is fine, probably 3 stars.  They only have two IPAs on tap and they are both super bitter, but they don't taste terrible.  The food on the other hand, is not good at all.  I had the roast chicken and it was probably the driest chicken i have ever paid for. The potatoes that were served with it were also bland and a shade above dry.  My wife ordered the curry, that was editable, but not really flavorful.  I don't like curry though, so i will not dwell on that.  For dessert we ordered the chocolate pretzels and creme brûlée.  The pretzels were rock hard and dry.  The brûlée looked like cheese cake and was also very dry.  Overall, this restaurant was not good for food.  They had a good atmosphere and decent beer, however, i would not recommend eating there. Good luck.Food was below average .  You would think they would have lots of beers on tap for being a brewery... only 5. No biggie. I have only heard good things about this place which surprised me when the food was terrible. Service, OK.. Wings, ok... can't really mess up wings. The server recommended the adult grilled cheese, when it arrived it was 60% bread with a piece of cheese and 1 piece of bacon. I paid for toasted bread. I am not exaggerating it was all bread. The soup was gross as well.
When we asked for ranch, 10 minutes later someone brought out tarter sauce ... 
much better places in the city.My boyfriend and I stopped in for a beer the other night, so this is going to be short and sweet:  2nd Story Brewing has WAYYYY better beer than Triumph ever did.
We were able to walk in on an early Saturday night and get a seat right at the bar.  Two bartenders (yes, two!) came over right away to take our order.  I got the Five Mile Ale and he went with the Grumpy Old Man Irish Stout.  Both beers were flavorful and hit all the right notes.  I was a happy lady!
I'll definitely be back to try some of the food!  (Pretzels, I'm coming for you!)My husband and I wandered in here on the first night of a long weekend in Philly. I'm very glad we did. 
We started off sharing a flight and some arancini, both delicious. We both ended up ordering the same thing as an entree- the tilted farmhouse burger. It was delicious, but very very rich- I couldn't finish it all. 
The thing I was most impressed with, however, was the service. Our waiter was named Ryan, I believe, and he was probably the best server I've ever had. When he found out we were in Philly for the first time ever, he gave us a ton of awesome suggestions for things to do, places to see and food to eat. He was super attentive, talkative and friendly. 
The food was excellent, but even if it wasn't their service would still be worth a high rating!My husband and i had a great lunch here. To start, we both ordered flights of beer. I ordered one off the menu and the bartender did a custom one for my husband. The beer was really good. My favorite was the Adsultim. I was happy to have a small pour because it was a high ABV. Their food was also really good. For an appetizer we had the pretzel bites. The bites were very good but the two dips were amazing. I ordered an adult grilled cheese. The fruit jam on top of the different cheese and bacon was delicious. My husband also ordered a burger that he really liked. If you're looking for high quality bar food and good beer this is the place to try!Very good lager! Asked for salmon to be grilled but seemed to be pan fried. Decent meal in any case. Decent casual atmosphere too!Great dinner the night before the NFC Championship game. We arrived and they were on a wait so we grabbed two bar stools for cocktails.
No sooner did we get the drinks then our table was ready. We headed upstairs and were sat close to the window and able to see the busy street down below.
We split the brisket poutine and a burger and both were delicious. The service was solid and we had a great time.pleasantly surprised. awesome beers. awesome food. awesome service. great place to watch football. we had the brisket on a biscuit and the adult grilled cheese and a lot of fries... and more beers than necessary on a sunday. everything rocked.Food 5 stars, staff 5 stars, ambience/appearance definitely 5 stars. This place is one my favorite eats in this neighborhood (olde city). I like to find good food that's reasonably priced and this spot is on my map for sure you'll leave here full satisfied and most definitely drunk if your drinking sticky ickys at 8.3 % alc. 
Try it out you won't disappointedGreat service, beer, and food! Really like their seasonal draft selections.  The arancini are really delicious, and I would go back just for those.  Staff are really friendly and accommodating (we had a small child in our group and they sat us in a great low table with a booth in the back).  Will visit again!Just stopped looking for a late afternoon lunch and a drink. Everything was great. The pretzel appetizers were killer especially the cheese dip. Very friendly staffDelicious food and fast service! We got the pretzels, burger, shrimp BLT, and adult sundae! Would definitely come back!Really enjoyed this place! The service is excellent, the food is great, and the beer is awesome. Will be back, and recommend to others!I've been here twice.  First time, the bartender was rude and had ZERO sense of humor.
They also ran out of Tito's vodka.  Never heard of such a thing.  
Their martinis are TINY for what you pay for them.
Food is just fine but nothing that you'd remember or couldn't make yourself at home.
Not a fan.