This place has the best simple breakfast sandwich in the city and the friendliest employees/owners around. I spent months looking for the perfect bacon egg and cheese on a Kaiser roll, and this place is easily the best. Great prices, great service, and a great beer selection to boot!My Aussie friends staying nearby on an extended holiday discovered this place. With 5 take out beer joints within a 5 block radius this place( and Food & Friends) excel  as far as beer goes.
The huge craft beer selection is varied, and reasonably priced..Most are stored in fridges(some old, funky ones), plus a nice assortment of rare stuff on shelves. Best buy for IPA fans; 6-pack of Uinta Hop Nosh for $10.95
Folks who own/run the place are friendly & helpful. Also have a decent snack & beverage  selection, and make breakfast and lunch. Haven't tried any of the food they make, but my friend said they do a nice burger, and she likes her meat.This place is great! Solid beer and chip selection, and the the proprietors are friendly! Can't wait to come back!I pop into this place every time I visit my son in Philadelphia.  They make fantastic sandwiches. Their Reubens have a generous quantity of stacked, lean corned beef on rye bread.  Just the right amount of sauerkraut, cheese and dressing. Their cheese steak sandwiches albeit not the big hoagies are filled neatly lean beef.Best corner store ever! Warm and friendly, efficient, convenient, huge beer selection and delicious foods to go.In the couple of years I've lived in this neighborhood, I've been to Locust Deli--now 4 Seasons--dozens of times and they've yet to let me down. The people working the register are super friendly and helpful, the beer selection is solid, and the burgers and breakfast sandwiches are great. This is definitely my go-to spot, and with the recent, really nice, renovations, the space is now very welcoming too.Came in on a blustery December afternoon to get a quick sandwich to go.  They delicately told me they were out of egg salad (I love egg salad!) and that for them they only serve it "in the summer."  Interesting.  Went with the chicken salad on rye instead.  The lady at the counter and cashier (possibly a husband/wife duo) were both very friendly, helpful (asked both times if I needed napkins) and efficient.  Got my sandwich in moments.  The sandwich was well constructed which, surprisingly, some deli counter staff can mess up.  The ingredients seemed fresh.  It also held up over time as I ended up being delayed at eating the sandwich by a meeting.  It was not soggy when I ate it over an hour later.  The chicken salad was a little wet for my tastes, but it was good.  My only qualm is price which seem to be at Rittenhouse levels.  A good but small and simple chicken salad sandwich set me back $5.50.  I could have gotten a 12" hoagie at other places for the same price.
P.S. Why is this business listed as "Philly Nosheri" if it is not on their sign out front and, as other Yelp users have noted, no one calls it the "Philly Nosheri"?  Though it was on their receipt as a parenthetical I believe I will try to edit the business info!I love that they accept levelup. Also, their ATM fee is only 50 cents. 
But friendly and fun.I've never had the sandwiches here, but my friends say they're decent.  I'm sure at some point I'll probably give them a shot.. they have pretty much everything -- cheesesteaks, italian hoagies, etc. etc.  But I come here for the beer.  (In fact, if you've ever driven by this place you might not realize it even was a deli... practically all of the signs say "COLD BEER" and that's really about it.)
The first time we stopped by I remember thinking, "eh, I am probably not going to find anything here that I want to drink.  But maybe, if I'm lucky, they'll at least have Guinness or something."  Ha.  They sell everything in six packs (of course, silly PA laws...) and they have a great selection.  Four or five kinds of Woodchuck cider, most of the Stoudts selections, Flying fish, Boddingtons, Young's chocolate stout, Arrogant bastard.. For a small place with a sort of cheesy neon "get your cold booze here" sign, I was impressed.  
Additional random sidenote, the owners/workers are super nice, too.  We bought a four pack of Boddingtons, got it home and found that two of the cans were burst.  We took them back and they were replaced hassle-free.
Of course, they have the requisite deli/beer accompaniments as well: chips, salsa, pretzels... ice cream.  They also have some random household stuff, too.  It's not Wawa, but I think that may actually be a good thing.Definitely a great gem in center city. Not a huge beer fan but they have a very wide variety. They also serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. I've gone at least 5 times to get breakfast and they never disappoint. It tastes like a home cooked meal and the owners are very nice. Definitely recommend if you need a meal on the go or wanting some good beer selections.The service is fantastic and with the expansion, there is a good amount of food to choose from (for a corner store). The beer selection is one of the widest selections I've seen in the area and despite being higher prices than some places in Philly, it's probably the cheapest within a ten minute radius. I've eaten from the grill here as well. While I normally can't recommend a coronary artery clogging meal, I thought they did a pretty decent job and my party was satisfied with our meals.
For a corner store, I'd like to rate it five stars, but have to subtract one for the prices.I adore Cold Beer!  (No one calls it Philly Nosheri, but it's good to know its technical name for purposes of reviewing your bank transaction history.)  Sixers are pricey but the selection is fantastic.  They are open pretty late.  The food is very good-- we usually get Italian hoagies or cheesesteaks, and I deem them up to snuff for Philly standards.  (Unfortunately, the deli worker is extremely s...l...o...w....) 
Prices for dry goods and the deli are reasonable.  Cashiers are friendly and will accept credit card payments without a minimum purchase (yay!!!).  And the candy selection is the best-- tons of different gummis, plus there's usually a box of assorted mini Ritter Sport chocolates right by the register.  Try the cornflake chocolate or, if you are coming in after a run, the "joghurt" flavor.My go to spot for pick-up breakfast. They offer delicious breakfast platters at an even better price! I would recommend it to anyone looking for a new breakfast spot!I've been to the Locust Deli a few times now and I've always been impressed by the quality of the napkins supplied when you order food. First let me start by saying I am a napkin connoisseur and have been known far and wide in the napkin industry for over ten years. The napkin is a bit larger than one square foot when unfolded. It's soft, yet strong. I was able to eat my entire meal and the napkin did not rip at all. I'd rate it's absorption quality at 9.7/10. I spilled a little bit of my Arnold Palmer and it soaked it up in no time and I was still able to use it to wipe my face at the end of my meal.I was not expecting this place to be that good, but it greatly exceeded my expectations! They have cooked salmon and other foods there that you can eat in the little restaurant area of the market, there is an enormous selection of bottled beer with many different and unique varieties to choose from. I was expecting to have to eat something unhealthy and that probably would leave me hungry again in 2 hours, but I was pleasantly surprised. I was impressed that the salmon I bought tasted so good and they had a decent selection of healthy foods so cheers to you 4 seasons food market! If you're in the area stop by if not to eat or drink, just to look around.Unpretentious and down to earth commissary/coffee shop, neighborhood spot. Great breakfasts and sandwiches, friendly service and good place to pick up guilty pleasures like ice cream and hard cider.One of best bacon, egg, cheese with bagel sandwiches in the city.  Great beer selection.  Great local spotJames, Chris and Cindy make this a special place. They are always smiling and very friendly. The food is great, fresh and made to order. They also have a large selection of grab and go food and a HUGE selection of beers. If you haven't been in you are missing out. Great local spot.This may be a little bit too close to home for me to review (Stalker Alert- I can hear them open and close their gate) but what the hey. 
Being a Jersey girl, I am used to affordable beer. While the prices here do not meet Jersey standards they are definitely low for Philly. They also have a great selection.  I never feel bad grabbing a 6 pack here.
Need something other than beer? They've got whatever you're looking for. And I'm usually surprised by the prices. Most things are average convenience store price, but every once in a while you'll find some need at half the price you expect.  Also, I've had the food here, and it's pretty good. 
You know, it's so close to me that I would still go here if they were the meanest people in the world.  Even if they tortured kittens.  It's just that close.  Luckily, I happen to live near a convenience store with the nicest people in the world. Seriously nice.Very laid back local deli that has an awesome beer selection and really good sandwiches for great prices.  This has become a local go-to staple.  Great cheesesteaks too.This recently-opened market is a great find!  Is clean, well organized, and the owners/staff are incredibly friendly and welcoming.. Great breakfast sandwiches! The beer selection is surprisingly extensive and high-quality. Worth a trip to check this place out!!This is my corner store.  They have a great beer selection however I always end up going for the 6 pack of PBR.  The staff is always super friendly.  I have had several items from the menu cheeseburger, chicken fingers, egg sandwich, and more.  Always delicious.  They do have seating in the back and have recently done some remodeling bringing the location to a higher standard.  
They also accept LevelUp which I am a fan of.This is a fantastic place! The service is great, friendly, and accommodating. The food is well done and the dining area is a nice touch. The beer selection is extensive and of the highest quality. If you live in the area and haven't been here yet, you're missing out.I can only comment on the beer front, as it's the only reason I ever come here.
The selection is decent, though I feel you pay a little bit extra because of that.  If you don't want something exotic, then there are definitely cheaper places to buy your six in center city.  I like the fact that you can get Paulaner Premium Pils, a decent selection of Asian beers and Sam Smiths as well.
All in all, a good place if you need to pick up a six.A solid 3-stars...which would be 4...but I have to factor in the exceptionally pricey (considering what was charged versus what was given, even in this neighborhood) hoagie that now has me on day two of mid-grade food poisoning.
But the positive first (and keep in mind I'm a born and raised PA boy, have lived and worked in Philly, and still come back nearly yearly to the city):
- Unassuming shop in an area where you can't always find such a low key joint
- Awesome that they have booth seating in the back
- Phenom selection of all types of beers at reasonable prices, without having to go to a distributor or specialty craft brewery
- Hearty selection of snackables, both healthy and indulgent
- Brightly lit, open late, and seems to be family run by nice people
- More affordable options than overpriced ones (for example: 6-pack of Yuengling special brew, three bags of chips, and two pieces of cake cost me around $20)
The only not so positive happened on a return visit.  $10 got me what I thought looked like a properly loaded PA hoagie (which is still steep for a hoagie in PA, let alone at a ton of places I know in NYC, including midtown Manhattan spots).  Bummer was biting in to realize it was mostly lettuce and bread.  We're talking an order of buffalo chicken lunch meat, cheddar, bacon, extra mayo, and tomato.....and the overpowering flavor was iceberg lettuce.  
Opened it up.....the thinnest layer of lunch meat, two pieces of bacon, a bit of cheddar.  A hoagie is about that meat game balanced with that cheese game balanced with the veg game, y'all.  I'm glad, in retrospect, because I didn't care to eat more than half, and the FP should pass more quickly having been given less to start.  But wasn't pleased by that price gauging.
Still, I'd go back in a heartbeat for non-perishable items and beer.  MAY try their breakfast some time.  Highly doubt I'll ever take another shot on their hoagies.This place called LOCUST DELI and yes the Philly Nosheri is like their geeky or nerdy name or whatever you call it.
I stop at this place every time I go to meet clients in center city area for a breakfast.
the food is good and the price is reasonable.
Their selection of cold beer is great but unfortunately, you can not drink alcohol inside their store :(
For a nice quiet breakfast and variety of cold beers around rittenhouse area, this place is the best.We're from out of town but house sit in the area frequently. From our first visit we've been pleased and surprised here. The sandwiches are great and quick, the store is well stocked and the beer selection is amazing. On top of that the prices are lower than a couple of the stores in the neighborhood and the store always seems to be especially clean. I wish them well and will shop every time we are in Philly.A good friend of mine lives a block from here and this is our spot to replenish our beer pong beer. Coors light for $13.99 for a 12 pack, $4.49 for salsa and $4 for chips. People that work here are very friendly. They also have hi chew. omg I love that candyThe food itself should get a 3, since it's standard deli breakfast food, but I've gotten the breakfast platter here 3 times, and items were missing 2 of those times. That's not a very promising ratio.
The first time, they completely forgot the toast AND there was no cheese on the eggs.  This time, they forgot the cheese again.  I ordered takeout and only noticed these things when I got home, so that was frustrating - not just because I didn't get what I ordered, but because I was charged as if I did.  
If I'm paying a dollar extra for a silly piece of cheese, the cheese has to be there, you know?  I don't think it's done intentionally, but maybe they could write the order down or repeat it as they hand it over the counter, so they can catch mistakes in the moment and customers are left happy in the end.I live right up the street so it's very convenient for me to go here. They have a great beer selection which is good because I love my craft beers. The workers are very helpful if you need to find something. I've ordered breakfast as well as hoagies here and have never been disappointed. This will be my go to spot for the next few years.This stop n shop food market was a pleasant surprise. They have a bin at the front by the cashier that has goodies such as flavored tofu you can heat up and have an instant meal in a pinch and other items that are not typical but healthy and different. They have your odds and ends including dish detergent, many beer options, nice array of candy and dried fruit. And there customer service is extremely appreciative and friendly which is great when you go to a Mom and Pop cornerstore.
I also ordered one of there hot menu items the cheeseburger which is ample in size comes out piping hot and was good for deli level burgers. I would recommend this place if you are in the area and looking to pick up a sixer or fast deli items in a pinch. 
Keep up the good work guys!Great neighborhood shop! I had the grilled cheese with tomato and I purchased a few items from the store. Huge selection of beer and some grocery items. The menu for the food to order had something for everyone. The service was fast and very friendly! I will definitely be returning!The worst hoagie I've had in years. Meat to bread ratio was completely off the fact that they had the audacity to charge you 7.99 for three slices of boars head lunchmeat tucked inside a soggy hoagie roll I was better off making the sandwich myselfMy neighborhood corner store. Familiar faces, they remember your preferences for orders, and don't judge when you make multiple junk-food runs :) great beer selection, especially singles!!Incredible place with incredible staff! My "go to" for everything! They offer a huge selection of micro brewery beer, an impressive inventory of necessary household items such as food, or cleaning products, and they have a deli (as well as a very delicious menu of food they'll cook for you)! The prices are extremely fair, and the staff there make you feel like family! I can't say enough about this place, and the people who work there!Probably my favorite place to get food in the city. Everything I've had on the menu is bomb, great beer selection and fresh produce. Every staff member I've talked to is friendly and cool as hell to me. Shout out to dan and Miguel! Get the bulgogi cheesesteakI ordered take out and it arrived an hour late. The restaurant took no responsibility and would not let me cancel the order. Rude staff and told me to take my complaint to GrubHub. My food arrived cold. I'm giving two stars because I at least received my food. I will never again order takeout from this restaurant.I love this place. It's a one stop shop and the owners are SO incredibly nice! They have some specialty items and then also mainstream products. The food is great too!What a gem! This place is fantastic! 
The service is great! It's very homey and the staff feel like friends and family. Very helping giving suggestions, etc. 
They have a market as well a restaurant in the back! It's like a secret gem!
I posted a photo of the take out menu. They deliver!I recently moved from Fitler Square and I miss this place all the time! Great beer selection, great snack and grocery selection. I love their tofu and peppers that they sell in the fridge near the counter and all of the cut fruit. And the sandwiches are also really good.This place is so inconsistent. The workers are polite; however, polite doesn't excuse the consistent mess. I'm there to receive what I ordered and on more than 2 occasions in one week, my orders have been wrong and/or not good. You try to work with a new business, but when you have to babysit a cook over your order repeatedly, it becomes exhausting. With the former owners, this was never the case. Even though I plan to never patronize them again, I hope they improve their services. How are you repeatedly messing up orders in an empty establishment??They're local to where I work and I always come in for some ready made food, samon and kimchi are very good. Also fresh hot omelettes here are so good. They have great variety of kombucha which i can appreciate. Super friendly staff,owners. I think it's all family owned and everyone is super nice 
They also have beer to go. Plenty of pre packed homemade food. Snacks. Casual sit down area. 
Great neighborhood spot w lots of fresh made food options.Always good food no matter what you order. The staff are friendly and efficient. Great neighborhood place.This place makes an amazing pork roll,
egg, and cheese bagel sandwich. The kimchi they sell in little containers by the deli was also super delicious!A little pricey- but I love their selection of breakfast foods. This is a great place to hit on your way to work. They have fruit, eggs, meats, etc... I will be backThe best craft beer selection in Rittenhouse. Also The best place to grab a quick sandwich and anything you forgot at the grocery store. Everyone who works at 4 Seasons are so nice. It gives such a neighborly feel every time.A nice complement to Monde Market on the other side of Walnut Street for your potent potable needs. Though both are quite similar deli/bottle shop/convenience store places, there are some noticeable differences: 
- Locust Deli has a slightly different and perhaps a bit wider selection of beers and especially ciders. Monde for some reason seems to lack a lot of the good craft ciders like the Woodchuck Reserves that I've often found at Locust. 
- Locust has more 6-packs, about the same number of bombers, and fewer individual 12-oz bottles. There's still quite a selection of singles though, so you can make a great variety 6-pack. 
- Prices are generally slightly lower (like $.10-.25) than Monde, which means they're often the lowest in Center City. Everything is very well-labeled and clearly priced, unlike many of the more "hip" bottle shops nearby. They even put BeerAdvocate scores on some beers. 
- As always, do be aware of dates on the bottles. There's a lot of inventory here and I'm not sure how fast it moves. Of course, that also means they sometimes get tons of great rare beers--last time I was in there were dozens of Russian River sours still available at Locust while Monde had sold out of theirs extremely quickly. 
While Monde is more of a cold-cut sandwich place, Locust has a wider variety of grill options as well so you can get a bit more of a variety. The sandwiches do seem to take awhile to make and they don't offer the great daily specials that Monde does, but fortunately you can browse the extensive beer selection while you wait.This is my go-to bodega for beer in the Rittenhouse/Fitler area - best selection and BEST PRICES in the neighborhood. After living a block away for almost two years I finally decided to try their breakfast sandwich and good god it was everything that a breakfast sandwich should be. The eggs were fluffy and buttery, the sausage salty and spicy, the cheese plentiful, and the roll soft and giving. Also the staff at the shop are lovely, friendly and nice people. Don't make the mistake I did. If you are craving a breakfast sandwich proceed directly to Locust Street Deli. You can laugh at the people freezing in line at Spread if you want, but I'm not going to publicly encourage immodesty.Just popped in here on my way home from work whilst craving mozzarella sticks (lol)... did a quick yelp search and discovered it was the nearest spot. I was pleasantly surprised. It gets 5 stars for its genre - corner store/deli. This tiny spot has a little bit of everything. Deli sandwiches, paninis, a grill, fried food, a seating area, some fresh produce, etc. Most spots of its kind do not do any hot food so this sets them apart. Staff are also cheery and competent.I was looking for an affordable beer distributor in the neighborhood and stumbled across this unassuming corner store! I was pleasantly surprised to see that such a small store was able to offer beer at affordable prices! They had quite the variety of different types of 6-pack beers and even had an option to mix-and-match 6-packs as well! A 6-pack or Yuenling was around $11 and the rest of the beers were also fairly priced as well! 
So, instead of going to that speciality craft beer store front and spending a pretty penny, consider coming here for a quick 6-pack of your favorite type of beer!I just moved to the area and am so happy this place is so close to me. I stopped in after work to grab a sandwich and was surprised at how delicious it was. I got the turkey special and I'm excited to try what's on the rest of the menu. The woman behind the counter made my sandwich quickly and was friendly. Since my sandwich was made so fast I didn't have a lot of time to look around the market but definitely saw a great selection of beer. Will be back soon!This place is a hidden gem. Set aside the variety of drinks and snacks available, the food is top quality. I recommend the burger, it's delicious, great serving size, and affordable.4 seasons is my neighborhood bodega and I'm a lucky woman! Their sandwiches have always been delicious, flavorful, and very generously portioned. I ate here a lot while I was moving so I ravished a whole sandwich but one sandwich could definitely be 2 meals. The rest of the offerings are good including lots of beer choices and more Asian food items such as Shin Ramyun than other places.
I'm a big fan and they have a really new and clean dining area in the back.