This would have been a one-star review if it had not been for my two good experiences at this restaurant before my last experience turned me off from going back again.  My girlfriend and I went to the restaurant on a Tuesday night at 8:15 to use a groupon that expired in a week and this was our only chance to go the rest of the week.  We were looking forward to another meal but to our great surprise we were turned away because they were out of certain foods and were not taking any more tables for the evening.  This would be understandable if we tried to come around 9:30 or later, but at 8:15 with multiple open tables?  In Center City?  Unacceptable.
I was really disappointed because I enjoyed parts of their menu at my previous experiences- empanadas, ceviche, and sweetbreads were great.  The skirt steak was OK.  For the price, I did expect a better steak.  The chimichurri sauce was great.  The potatoes they gave were good, but only a few were given.  One of the nights we went, they were out of about 25% of the menu.  I thought it was a one time thing for a busy Saturday night, but to happen again on a Tuesday at a normal dinner hour is a sign of poor management and planning. 
There are too many good restaurants in the area to have this happen.  I'll be going back to Mixto for future Argentinean meals.  I hope they do well, but if this continues to be a trend, it's not a good sign for their business.Ate last night at 943. Nice selections on the menu and the things we had were quite good; well prepared and nicely presented. The room is quite plain and not crowded; a few tango dancers could make their way through it with ease. My objection is that he thinks he is creating an Argentine bar/restaurant with "character"; but I have been in many hundred-year-old Argentine/Italian restaurants in Buenos Aires and they all have table cloths and stem ware.
We were the last of maybe 4 tables to leave. The chef wasn't interested enough to come over.This is a second review for 943.  I have been reading a good deal of negative reviews lately.  I can't understand it.  Last night my wife and I joined our good friends at 943.  The food was excellent.  Whatever we ordered was tasty, fresh and hit the spot. Pat, chef and owner, even sent us the grilled octupus appetizer, which was delicious.  People have complained about the rude servers.  I have eaten there at least 10 times and I have never encountered any rudeness from the staff.  Quite the opposite, we have been treated very cordially.  Pat always stops at the table to say hi.  They allow us to eat at our pace. It has always been a pleasant experience. 
Don't let the negative reviews fool you folks.  There is some real good cooking going on at 943.  Try it, you'll be rewarded.Ok so let me start off by stating that this restursnt deserve zero stars but that wasn't a option. On are first visit there we arrived at 9:15 the web site stated that they were open to 11pm. So as were r just standing there being ignored my husband went up to the waitress who told him that because they were not that busy they decided to close the kitchen up early. Okay we were a little bumed out but left. On are second visit we went on a wed nite arrived at 8:15 we were told that they were completely book even thought there were maybe five table seated plenty of open tables were available. So this past Saturday night we decide to give it another shot since we had a grouping which was about to expire in a few days we arrived at 8:45 and even though the place was half filled we were yet again told that they had been busy earlier and because of that they closed the kitchen so at this point I've had it I ask to speak to the manager after these two girls (the waitress and the so called manager) talk to each other for a good ten minutes leaving us standing in the middle of this restaurant. Finally this girl who could have only been 19 at the most comes up to us stares at us and after a few second said "what "(I am not kidding she looked at us and said what) I'm sorry this girl couldn't manage her way out of a paperbag. We explain the situation to her and she was pretty much saying she could care less so I asked her for the owners number and she answered sure the owner is my dad well that explained a lot no restaurant who ever tolerated her rude behavior at this point her father tells us to come back to the kitchen where we r basically told the same thing. He doesn't care and then tells us he has no time for this and walks away I'm not sure y he said he didn't t have time because after all the kitchen was closed what else did he have to do anyway after seeing him I was kind of glad we didn't eat there he was big and sweat was pouring off his face I could only image his sweat dropping into the food. Oh and one more thing do even think about calling and making reservation because no one ever ever ever answer the phone u leave message to make reservation no one ever calls u back. It will only b a short time before this place closing. In closing I just want to say we ended up eating at DiVinci on 11 th street which was amazing very good food and serviceI saw some of the other reviews on here and I just had to chime in. It seems like a few of the one star reviews are fake or from folks who havent actually eaten here. I have eaten here more than 6 times and I keep going back.
I have never had a problem getting reservations and they even managed to fit me in on Valentine's day when I called the same day. 
The food:
One of my favorite meals in the entire city is the Grilled Short Rib at 943. It's very difficult for me to order new things. It's grilled slowly over time and not braised like most people usually expect. 
The other item you HAVE to have is the Garlic Shrimp as an appetizer. I can also honestly live for a decent amount time only eating their empanadas, especially the Ham & Cheese but I suggest getting the sampler for yourself.
I have a huge amount of Hispanic friends from when I worked in Manhattan and they have always made Flan for special events or for our office. 943's Flan blows all of those home made recipes away. I would grab a bottle of dessert wine and head there just for the Flan.
The negatives (Which aren't many otherwise it wouldn't be 5 Stars):
It's pretty loud when it's packed. Maybe some dampening wall hangings? 
The proximity of liquor stores to the Italian Market which is not their fault. Between 943, Monsu, Little Fish, and Cochon, even a PLCB store would make out like a bandit.We went here during the winter and used a groupon for a multi course tasting for two. That was great because we tried a lot of different food. Empanadas were excellent. Steak was very good. We enjoyed all of the food and the bottle of malbec we brought to match the food. This is authentic Argentine food! I spent six weeks in Argentina so when I need a good fix of steak and empanadas,  I will beback!
I had read reviews about the cloth napkins being linty. They had paper napkins when I was there. They should buy nice black cloth napkins to match the decor. Hopefully they have stopped using cloth napkins since it makes the place feel less glassy than what it deserves.I live in the Queen Village neighborhood and 943 has become my go to spot for an easy evening out with my girlfriend or friends from out of town.  943 is situated smack in the middle of the Italian Market- which may be off the beaten path for most city dwellers, however the meal is certainly worth the $8 cab fare. Chef Pat is producing simple food with giant flavors in a laid back setting.  I have had the pleasure of dining at 943 on 3 or 4 occasions and each time I have left more impressed with the meal and overall value 943 offers.  943 is a byob and comes with most of the standard characteristics of the "Philadelphia byob dining craze" ie: Cash only, tables in close proximity to one another, and a space that can make conversations take on an elevated decibel.  If I had one piece of advice for Chef Pat, it would be to inform diners when they call for reservations that it is a cash only establishment.  I have noticed when making reservations the last few times this was not the standard, however I think it would help lower people's aggravation when they arrive and find out its cash only.  That being said if these are factors that would affect your dinning experience you're clearly not cut out for the byob scene in Philadelphia, because they are pretty much the standard in the byob setting.  One thing I saw in previous reviews was people becoming upset the 943 routinely runs out of menu items as the clock creeps towards 8:30.  I am not going to dispute this criticism however I think people are looking at it the wrong way.  This is not a huge Steven Star operation, it's a small family owned business trying to make it in a rough economy where discretionary spending is a luxury.  943 sources most of their ingredients from the tables that line the sidewalks on 9th street.  They are providing the diner with the freshest possible ingredients; however by doing this they buy a certain amount of each ingredient and when it's gone it's gone.  Now you may not agree with that but I can assure when you take the first bite of the grilled octopus appetizer you will understand why it's important to buy fresh (get there by 8:15 to make sure you have the opportunity to try this, because its fantastic!)  So I understand why people get upset, however I also understand and appreciate the reasoning involved in purchasing ingredients this way.  This is a great neighborhood joint and they treat the people of the neighborhood that routinely frequent like gold.  This past weekend I arrived with my girlfriend and another couple from out of town.  When I had first called to make the reservation I was told there were no more reservations available, however once I explained my brother was coming in from out of town they worked to find me a time to come in.  Chef Pat knowing that I had dinned previously came out and greeted the table and also sent over a complimentary appetizer which was fantastic ( Shrimp in garlic).  It means a lot to me as a person who frequents the Philadelphia dining scene when a Chef goes out of his way and shows appreciation that you have chosen to spend your hard earned money in his establishment.  We also ordered the empanadas which are a must as well as the grilled octopus which is also a must try.  My biggest piece of advice is to try the steak for your main course.  For flavor I think the short rib is the best as the bone adds to the flavor of the meat, however if you're starving I would say go with the strip as it is a much bigger portion.  The steaks are delicious and you cant beat the price ($19-23)- the steaks are also server with duck fat fingerling potatoes that are delicious.  The steaks are also served with a chimichurri which is a wonderful dipping (or drenching in my case) sauce that could be considered the calling card of this restaurant.  Once we finished we had the desert sampler which was incredible but the standout on the plate is the Plan (my girlfriend has dreams about it).  After dinner Chef Pat came back onto the floor to chat with the remaining tables and to top everything off offered us a glass of very nice bourbon from his private stash.  Now I know this is not the norm however it's the little things that keep me coming back and it was much appreciated.  All in all if you're looking for a delicious meal at a reasonable price I highly recommend 943.  It is certainly on par with any of the top byob's in the city and is definitely worth the ride over to the Italian Market!  I also found out they are starting a Sunday pre fixed dinner which I am excited to try!  Keep up the good work!.....FYI word is starting to spread on this place as it was packed when I walked in the last 2 timesAfter seeing the review in the Philly Inquirer, I suggested to a friend that we should try this spot out. I read all the reviews on here and started to worry. Well, we went this past Friday and was I surprised. The restaurant is bright, clean, a bit on the noisy side. Staff was very friendly and attentive. Food is reasonably priced. We had Cesar salads and the Flank steak. Not sure what it was called but the desert that was recommended (cookie like) was delicious. We will definitely be back.I went back to 943 last night and had another delicious meal. Of course I had my sweetbreads with a chimichurri that I'll eat on anything....like the tasty ribs Chef Pat made. I am smiling as I type this because I know I am going back again. Can't wait!Okayish. Some hits but enough misses that it's not worth coming back a second time. We wound up ordering a bunch of appetizers and dessert. 
Empanadas: Chicken ones were bland, beef were just okay.
Fritto Misto: This was a special, a mixed appetizer with fried sardines, shrimp, calamari, and something else I can't remember. The sardines were decent but the bones were still in, which seemed weird to me as you had to dig your way past all the batter, pull out the spine, and then eat it. Shrimp was very overcooked, and the calamari was bland. Plus, the batter itself was nothing to recommend. I've had better fried seafood apps at the local gastropub. 
Moscardino pulpo: This was the one thing that was perfect. I could eat a whole bowl of this, maybe on top of some linguine. The octopus was wonderfully tender, tomato sauce rich and well spiced, and the olives added a salty kick at the end. 
Alfajores: lemon dessert sandwich cookies with dulce de leche and rolled in dried coconut. Cookies were very tasty but the middle could have used twice as much dulce de leche.
Waitresses were nice but slow (there were only two for a packed house). I did note that the paper menus were covered in grease stains, which I thought was a little tacky.I was really impressed with 943.  The food was excellent and our waitress was one of the friendliest I've ever had.  The restaurant is also one of the more spacious BYO's I've been to.  Granted, the decor isn't amazing and the walls are a bit plain, but it really didn't bother me.  It sort of fit in to the Italian Market vibe and one doesn't really expect glamour when they head that way for dining anyway.  It's all about the food.
And the food was sooo freakin good.  Even the olive oil infused with green and red peppers for the bread was amazing.  For our appetizer we split the sauteed octopus with swiss chard and olives in a tomato broth.  The octopus was super tender and sort of melted in your mouth and the tomato broth was so good that I soaked up every last drop with bread.  For my entree I got the lightly battered hake in a creamy lemony sauce with capers.  I'd never had hake before, but it's a white fish similar to cod and is so buttery smooth.  My boyfriend got the skirt steak (which according to Craig LaBain is the best of all the steaks to get).  The steak was fantastic- the only critique there was that my boyfriend asked for it medium rare, but it came out more med-med well, but it was still delicious.  For dessert we split the flan which was super rich and creamy with a side of a caramel/butter toffee dipping sauce.  
I cannot wait to go back to 943 again.  Luckily, they just offered another Groupon for this place.I went here the other night with a couple friends, and it was one if the best meals I ever had. The service was great and the food was cooked to perfection. I definitely recommend this spot for anything from ladies' night out to date night to showing out of town friends a great spot to eat.We got a winner!  A+ steaks and empanadas! I loved la ensalada russa. 
As for the service, +C. Bring a bottle, no barI was happily surprised with 943. Between this place and Hoof & Fin (which sadly is now out of business), I'm a convert to Argentinian food.
We ordered a variety of dishes, and they were all delicious. The caesar salad was very good; usually a caesar salad is the boring same-old-thing, but their homemade dressing was tasty. LOVED the grilled octopus--some of the best octopus I've had in awhile. The provoletta was melt-in-your mouth cheesy goodness. The only dish I was a little bit underwhelmed with was the hangar steak; while still juicy, it was a bit chewy, and I thought it could have done with a little bit more flavor.
The chef came over to us and asked us how our meal was. Both him and the server/hostess were very friendly and welcoming. The server was attentive without being overbearing. I have a pet peeve of not getting my water glass refilled (which seems to happen at quite a lot of restaurants), but she definitely kept me stocked in water! We didn't bring any wine with us, but the restaurant is BYOB. Oh, and don't forget: cash only!
Really enjoyed 943 and I would highly recommend it; I will definitely be back.A good spot for steak...and not a good spot for vegetarians.  Not being sweetbread gurus, we decided to take the plunge and started with the Mollejas (I found that sweetbreads are not my favorite, but I did like the garlicky chimichurri preparation).  Both the Tira de Asado (short ribs) and the Entrana (grilled skirt steak) were good-sized portions and were cooked to perfection.  We ordered the Flourless Chocolate Cake for dessert, but found it more like a dry brownie.Great for groups. Reasonably priced delicious food with a very friendly chef/owner that stops by the table to say hello.
The meats off the grill are very nicely cooked and the house made pasta is delicious.
It can be very noisy, but a fun place in a great locationI've tried going back here twice since the last time, to no avail.  The first time I walked by on a Saturday at around 5:30PM when there was NO ONE there.  Asked if there were any spots for dinner...they said they were COMPLETELY booked for the evening.  Later, I walked by again at 7:30PM and the place was TOTALLY empty and they still claimed to be booked.  
My 2nd attempt was the day before my groupon was to expire.  I got there at around 8:30PM, there were a few 2-seater tables available, and yelp said it closed at 10PM on Sunday.  I was greeted by a rude/flakey hostess/server:
Hostess:  ummm...like, we're closed.
Me: Uh, really?  but there are still people eating and yelp says you close at 10PM.
Hostess:   Uhhh...like we never close at 10PM, but we like ran out of food.
Me: okay, so can I make reservations for tomorrow?
Hostess: no, we're like closed on Mondays and Tuesdays.
I don't understand what their problem is.  It's like the don't want anyone's business.  I'm not sure if I'm going to attempt going here a 3rd time.I'm excited about this place being so close to home. I had a great dinner here! I was very curious about the Italian influence on Argentina and learned that many Italians immigrated there. I was very tempted to order the homemade pastas, but wanted a few other things a little more. We had grilled octopus that was tender and very flavorful. Also, to start, we had the mixed greens with tuna and balsamic which we agreed we could eat every day for lunch. So good. Second, we had the super buttery, flaky, perfectly cooked hake. The only thing I didn't love about it was that it had bones. We also had the skirt steak which was delicious just a little salty. Dessert was a slice of flourless chocolate Cake w/ a modest dollop of whipped cream. Perfect brownie consistency. Love that the chef warmly greeted each table after his service in the kitchen. Can't wait to go back.The  Groupon you got me in the door, but I won't be returning for  to 943 for overpriced, less than inspired food.  The strip steak, ordered medium, was sent up back after an attempt to cut it required power tools.  It was however accompanied with 1 1/2 fingerling potatoes and 6 string beans.  I guess the mini steak would have been sufficient if the appetizers had been enjoyable....but both the provelato and the empanadas were just "ehh."   Oh the positive note, the olive oil dip was tasty and the alfajores were authentic.I have to admit, having read a few reviews about this restaurant I had high hopes.  After dining there, and noting that it was especially busy, I had no intention of leaving a bad review.  However, when I got home and was confused about previous good reviews, and read more, I learned that my experience was not uncommon.  I am optimistic though, and plan to return.
Upon entering, my husband and I were happy with the atmosphere.  Like most BYO's in Philly, it was loud, but it there was plenty of room between tables and the atmosphere was warm.  After we were sat, we waited for quite some time (appx 10 min.) to be greeted and for our wine to be opened.  We immediately ordered apps - ham and cheese empanada and potatoes w/ fried egg.  The potatoes were "ok" - literally sliced fried potatoes with a fried egg.  I don't know what I expected but it was simply "ok."  They were out of the ham and cheese empanda so they offered us chicken which was VERY good.  
We ordered our entrees - both short rib.  I have ordered short rib at other restaurants and received tender savory steak.  When we received our entrees they were less then adequate.  Both short ribs were served in the form of steaks, and were not at all tender.  My husband's steak was medium well as ordered and he was pleased.  My steak was undercooked and there was a ton of gristle.  I sent my steak back to get the raw turned into well done and received at best, medium raw.  I ended up taking my steak home.
THE GOOD NEWS - The waitress, who happens to own the place was so sweet.  She knew we were less then satisfied and refused to allow us to pay.  She went even further and gave us dessert on the house.  The flan was AMAZING.  I actually make flan myself and was quite impressed.
I know this restaurant is new which means they get some time to adjust.  I will definitely go back!!!I was expecting a lot from 943 considering it has my two favorite styles of food merged into one. I was not impressed. 
Upon looking at the menu I thought "For the lack of menu, their food better be amazing!" There wasn't much to choose from at all. Needless to say, the food was not great. It was overpriced and not very flavorful. The shrimp appetizer was a complete rip off. We actually left the restaurant still feeling hungry. A complete waste of money. We are only thankful that we had a Groupon and didn't pay full price for our meal.
One thing that got annoying very quickly was the loud music coming what sounded like a boom box in the kitchen area, complete with commercials. I understand we were the beginning of your dinner rush and there was no one else in the restaurant, still, turn that crap off. 
Oh and one more thing. If you're trying to pull off an upscale restaurant, at least fix your tables and remove the card board under each leg.Oh 943 how I had such high hopes for you. How does a restaurant that has taken this long to open neglect to hire an experienced wait staff - hell a wait staff at all? A group of us dined out at 943 after reading stellar reviews on yelp and looking forward to their octopus and flan (favorites of my GF and I). All but one of us arrived and were seated while we waited for the last person in our party. During that time (approx 10 minutes) our bottles of wine sat unopened on our table nor were we greeted by any server. 
Our last member of our party arrived and we were finally greeted and as we went to give our order, we were told they were out of octopus...grrr. Ok no big deal, ordered some fantastic sweetbreads with a bacon jam and mussels and clams with an amazing sauce. Once we were finished with apps we waited what seemed like way too long of a wait for a Friday night with 75% of the place full. Water were filled during this wait and it was the only time they were refilled the entire meal. Entrees came and i sampled the Hake, shortrib, and steak and all were delicious . 
Now is where we really noticed the complete lack of service. Plates for all except one person were cleared and that last person finished about 2 minutes later and then every bread plate, utensil and her plate sat on the table for over 15 minutes. This is where we noticed they had one bus boy, one server who seemed to run food and then one lady who seemed like she was responsible for every table. We sat.....and sat....and sat while the wait staff just chatted at the coffee maker (the place was not even half full by this point). Call me picky, but as a server in my early days leaving that many plates on a table for that long after the meal is complete is just poor poor service. 
Finally the table was cleared and at least we could have that dessert we looked forward to right? Wrong....we were now told they were out of flan *shakes head*. We asked what else they  had for desert and instead of telling us like a server should (there was no physical desert menu) she just pointed to a chalk board that was impossible to see at the 80 degree angle we were sitting at. grrrr. 
So the check came and they don't accept credit cards (which we knew but wtf c'mon) and as we are paying we start to hear loud loud Mexican music from the very open kitchen behind us.....really? The cooks are going to clean up the open kitchen with their music on while diners are still eating to a non-music playing dining room? 
Pros: Food, menu variety, BYO
Cons: Total lack of wait staff, please PLEASE hire some experienced servers. I would also highly recommend you tell your chef to not creep out your guests by saying 3 feet away over their shoulder from the kitchen "Im watching yoooou" - intentions were good but it just came off as weird.
Maybe its opening month jitters, however, its clear 943 thought they could get by with a sub par staff and in a city of a million amazing places and staffs they will sink if they don't make some changes. Will def try it again in a few months and re-review.went late on a saturday with a decent sized group. got a table right away, the space is really open, airy and bright. our server was really attentive and nice. opened our wines right away, had tangy cheese and salami cubes in a dish on the table that we loved. then out with crusty bread and dipping sauce. explained that some of the specials were gone due to demand and our late seating, and brought free samples of heavenly pasta and a veggie dish. classy ass move. we all got great starters, salads, sausages and empanadas that were flaky and filled with tasty cheese and meats. people went mainly for the varied steaks, but the pastas were insane, pillow sized ravioli, filled with fresh spinach, mushrooms and ricotta. perfect. the whole meal was a delight. and to top it off the chef came out after to apologize for the lack of some of the specials. so sweet. i highly suggest you try this place out, the food is good, the price is moderate and it is one of the few places in town where the din of your fellow neighbors is so low you can actually hear your dining pals moans of joy from the food.The meal definitely had high points and low points.
First, make sure you make a reservation on a weekend.  We came at 7:15 on a Sat. night, and the restaurant was full.  I found the decor to be clean and refreshing (although I guess some might think it's too plain, I liked it.  You can see into the kitchen through a large window into the dining room, which is nice.  The wait staff seemed pretty overwhelmed (though our server was nice when she was at our table).  When we came in the door, we waited for a couple of minutes before even being acknowledged, which was a little awkward.  Once seated, service was slow but friendly.  Water was refilled maybe once during the night, when promted.
The food was really quite good, though, hence the three stars.  The asparagus was definitely a high point; we had to ask for more bread to soak up the sauce, it was that good.  The seafood stew special was yummy, as was the skirt steak with chimichurri sauce (cooked correctly to specifications, not over-done).  The empanadas and provoletto were also solid.  The flourless chocolate cake was good, but not really anything to write home about.
I love it being BYOB, but they should really make it more clear that they're cash only.  There was nothing on the menu or in the window, nor did we find out until we tried to pay.  I don't find this annoying at less expensive restaurants, but if you're charging around $20 for an entree, it's a little bit annoying to have to pay for the whole meal in cash.After 2 visits, I recommend dining at 943.  The restaurant is in an odd location on 9th street in the heart of the Italian market.  It is nestled behind a vegetable and fruit stand.  Pasqual, the chef for the family run Butcher's cafe, does a great job with both Italian and Argentinian dishes. Options include empanadas, ravioli, sausages, bronzino, steaks and sweetbreads.  He enjoys cooking and puts his own twists on classic dishes.  A nice menu, plus nightly specials, will satisfy any palate.  The flan is terrific, if you have room for dessert.  The prices are reasonable.
So take Italian and Argemtinian wines and enjoy.The notion of a cuisine that combines Argentinian and Italian struck me as implausible until I tasted it.  We had the empanadas appetizer and all three were delicious.  As an entree, I ordered the short ribs - I've had them elsewhere many times, prepared in the usual slow-cooked, stew/chili/brisket method, but these were completely different - grilled like a steak on a bbq - and absolutely delicious.
Our server was a pleasure - helpful, funny, attentive without hovering.  
Yes, the decor is sparse and I'm sure when it's crowded the noise level must be high given the reflective surfaces in every direction.  And it is bizarre that Villa Da Roma's right across the street.  But I'll  be back.This place was recently introduced as a BYO establishment, so we tried it for my friend's birthday.  For a group of about 10 people on a Saturday night, the service was great.  The food was not as good as I'd hoped.  I got the skirt steak (I like nothing more at an Argentinian restaurant than a good piece of beef with chimichurri).  However, the meat was a tiny bit tough, but tasty overall.  I would give it a second shot since I love BYO restaurants and since it was a great spot for a larger group.  Overall, it was alright.Rude service, average food, high prices.
So many better options in the area.I really enjoyed 943 and plan on making many trips back. 
Food: 
DELICIOUS. Everything that my friend and I had was prepared perfectly. My favorite of the night was the morcilla, it was perfect. Now I understand that morcilla (or blood sausage) may not be a staple for everyone but it is truly one of my most favorite foods on earth and I would recommend it. Especially if it's your first time trying them, this place does it right.  
[Side Note: Up until a few years ago, you could go to a butcher in the Puerto Rican part of town and buy some to prepare at home. I went back to the butcher when I moved back to town (a few months back) and he's no longer there.]
The empanadas were very tasty, I'd give them 4 stars (they don't beat my mom's but they're still very good), the bife de chorizo was also amazing.  
All the dishes served reminded me of home (although I'm Chilean, not Argentinian). 
I honestly wanted to try everything on the menu yet my wallet nor my stomach would allow for that. 
Also, I like the fact that it's BYOB.
Atmosphere:
Decor is minimalist which I tend to enjoy. Very clean and tables aren't too close together. 
They have an open kitchen and you can see the chef prepare everything (a good sign to me).
The chef is very personable. When we went, the restaurant wasn't too packed and he made an effort to greet and chat with all of his patrons.This restaurant continues to shine, and remains my neighborhood go to. I had a wonderful meal last weekend which included a skirt stake special which was a skirt stake in a spicy tomato broth with shrimp - fantastic!  As always the service and hospitality was second to none, if you have not yet been check it out.LOVE this place.  We've been here twice and each time were not disappointed.  Each course has great menu items.  The last time we were there we each had the lobster papperdelle special with fra' diavlo sauce.  Excellent.  I mean...so delicious, each bite was a treat.  Both my husband and I loved it.  We had grilled octopus appetizer.  Again- delicious.  Staff is super friendly and accomodating.  We forgot to bring wine as we were coming from the car show.  The waitress directed us to the italian restaurant across the street that sold us a nice bottle as they saved our table.  
Dessert here never disappoints.  I hope they are around for a long time.Looking forward to going back.  Simple and attractive interior, great food, great service.  The food was all really well prepared, and the flan was out of this world--almost got a second one.  Summary of our four person dinner: The grilled provolone was really interesting.  Shrimp appetizer was outstanding.  Great empanada.  Great French fries.  Short ribs were a little disappointing, but the potatoes that go with them were great.  Ravioli were good but not as good as some others I've had in Philly.  Did I mention the flan?  Our table of 4 had no problem getting a table on a Wednesday night, but they haven't been open that long, so word hasn't gotten out too much yet.  Not terribly vegetarian friendly (offerings of french fries, ravioli, salad, dessert ), but really enjoyable for omnivores/carnivores.The food is great. The ambiance is great, it really pulls from the Italian Market location. The air conditioning left me hot and sweaty. We will wait until fall to go back.They were out of octopus and my steak was horrible and chewy,need I say anymore. I will give them another chance, but will not refer them to any friends yet. I hope they can get it right since it's always fun to go to that area and eat and they could be a great spot.We love the food here and love the fact that its a BYO. Empanadas are delicious, steak melts in your mouth, and the chimichuri sauce is extra flavorful. However we had a bad experience with service last time. We called at 9:30pm on a Saturday to ask if there was a wait - the answer was no. We walked through the door at 9:45pm and the hostess told us the kitchen was closed - no explanation. Apparently they've changed their hours and have not notified or updated any websites that pop up when you search "943 hours". They are only open until 10pm now on Saturdays. Even so, we showed up 15 minutes prior to closing, they could have offered to make our meals  since they were all still back in the kitchen, or at least the hostess could have mentioned they were closing early on the phone. They just wanted to go home early. When the customer is not your first priority your business will not succeed, Groupon or not.We took friends here last Saturday ( using our Groupon) The food was delicious, the service homey and friendly. We all had a great time. We shared the empanadas, grilled asparagus an fried provolone- All were great. The grilled short rib was a hit as was the hake. The octopus was not available - we were there too early - so we will have it next time. We all shared the flour less chocolate cake and it was yummy- rich and just a touch gooey. This is a find and worth the trip - and yes we always find parking right in front!.Everyone who commented that the service  at 943 is ridiculously bad was right. This place might have descent food (I wouldn't know yet). I attempted to make a reservation and nobody ever answered the phone. I left a message, and nobody called back. So then we walked in on a Wednesday evening and stood there for 15 minutes while servers ignored us as well as others who came in after. We were never acknowledged or greeted.  The management here clearly doesn't know how to run a restaurant, so hopefully the food is amazing. If I didn't have a groupon to redeem, I would never go back.Lousy ripoff  the good reviews must be all  friends of owner.lousy service had to wait 45 minutes for my order.very very small portions a joke.I was certainly a little disappointed with the restaurant. However, the food was amazing. Their empanadas and churrizo really hit the right spot. I wasn't too big of a fan of their blood sausage. Their roast pork belly with grilled shrimp over polenta was AMAZING but it's a special so it's not on their fixed menu. Their service was slow and inefficient. It took a while for them to get food on the table. The food is a little pricey.I echo the sentiment of really wanting this restaurant to be great.  My wife and I have done some extensive traveling in Argentina, and were thrilled to learn of an Argentine restaurant that was also BYOB.  First off, the neighborhood is awesome... right in the heart of the Italian Market, a ton of character, just a great spot for a restaurant.  Inside is just as great... spacious, clean, great music, friendly and attentive staff... a very nice, low key ambience inside.  We both ordered the skirt steak... For $19/each, we both expected a bit more on the plate in addition to the meat.  All there was was a few green beans and a very small helping of potato.  Both were tasty, but way too small.  But the crux of the disappointment was the meat itself.  It was cooked perfectly but really lacked in flavor.  Having been to Argentina and several Argentine restaurants in the states, I can tell you that this steak did not live up to the lofty expectations that come with calling a steak "Argentine."  Additionally, the chimichurri sauce was especially lacking.  So, that's all that i can speak for... there was a lot more on the menu including several appetizer that you clearly have to order to get a full meal.  Great ambience, great neighborhood, but if you're looking for an amazing steak to remind you of Argentina, be prepared to be underwhelmed.A cold(er) Tuesday night in October & with the promise of a Groupon coupon savings, we ventured into 943. Very empty but it was enjoyable to not be ensconced by  noise.
I can imagine having the dining room filled adds to the ambience. But it seems like the decor is still trying to gain its bearings. 
For some reason the small wine glasses irked me; at audrey claire I think they're quaint and oh so appropriate. Here, it just seemed off.
Server was sweet; attentive and super nice.
Started with the empanadas. They were okay-- didnt have much flavor except for the shell's cripsy fried dough taste. 
The octopus was okay; a little oily for my liking.
The cut and preparation of the meat though was sublime. Tender, delicious, & flavorful. A wonderful cap to the meal. That's how an Argentinean restaurant's  fare should fair. 
Dessert was also really tasty.
I would like to come back in a year or so, see how things have shaped up. But not too bad for a byo.Armed with a groupon, Katrina C. and I made it here on a Wednesday night.  I had made a reservation, which was good, because the restaurant got pretty packed.  They definitely have room for more seating if they want it, but it seems like they would have to hire more staff.  
We sat down, and waited about 5 minutes and the waitress came over to let us know they were out of a few things.  It was only 6:30, so that was pretty quick to run out of specials.  We weren't quite ready yet, which led to about a 10 minute wait for her to come back.
We wanted to get two appetizers and one of the steak dishes.  Neither of us wanted a big steak on our own, but we wanted to try it.  The waitress informed us that there would be a $5 sharing fee.  In general, I think plate sharing fees are kind of silly, but I guess I understand if you just get one app and one entree or just one entree, but we threw the extra app on there, so for all the waitress knew, one of us was going to eat the steak, and the other was going to eat the appetizers.  Well that sharing fee led us to reconsider our options so we needed another minute, which turned into about 15 minutes of waiting, while the waitress cleaned tables, seated people, etc, while we are sitting there hoping to finally order food.  It was pretty ridiculous.  I would have left if I didn't have the coupon to use.  
Ended up just ordering 4 appetizers: Caesar salad, 3 empanandas, octopus, and shrimp.  The empanadas were tasty, and the octopus was cooked nicely, but otherwise I was underwhelmed, especially for the prices.  Also the portions were pretty small.  The food service went smoothly, but then came the time for the check.  We sat there for about 20 minutes waiting for it to come.  Meanwhile, there are about 10 people standing by the door waiting to be seated.  You'd think they would want to get us out of there.  When we finally got the check, we needed change which took another 10 minutes, and when we gave $20 for a $5 bill, the waitress came back with two tens.  We had to make change from the table next to us, who was also trying to pay and leave.  
The interior is nice, and it's in a good location, so I really wanted to like this place, but the service was so frustrating.  And the food really didn't wow me enough to want to go back.I haven't actually EATEN here so I can't review the food. I give it a one star because the process of simply getting a seat to eat said food has been a royal pain.
I did get the Groupon for te tasting menu. First time I called to make a reservation, they said they were booked solid. Fine. No walk in's either.
I tried again a few weeks later to schedule another date. Nobody answered the phone. At all. I called at a normal time, no answer. Tried to schedule online. Not connected to Opentable.
Called again a few weeks later, got someone to answer, who put me on hold for 10 minutes. Then I hung up, called back, and finally he booked me for 4 people.
I arrived at the restaurant with my group of 4, then noticed that the sidewalk was filled with italian market trash piles. Not a very pleasing entrance to a restaurant with $22 lobster ravioli appetizers. I told the waitress that I had a group of 4, but 2 others wanted to join (it was my friends birthday). First she scolded me, told me that I should have called first (note the above mentioned calling difficulties I encountered). They looked for extra chairs, but the place was solid packed. No chairs available. So we walked out. I also saw they they didn't even feature the groupon tasting special because they were 'too busy' to offer it.
Why would you offer a groupon if you didn't have enough seating capacity or staff to a. answer the phone, or b. accommodate walk-ins or c. actually HAVE your groupon tasting-menu available or d. at least a clean sidewalk area for people to wait.
So thank you, 942, for taking my $20 for my groupon and then making it such a pain in the rear that I never even bothered to redeem it.I really enjoyed 943.  Everything I had was excellent.  I really enjoyed the octopus and the blood sausage.  (Yes, blood sausage)  The blood sausage was amazing and I never really had a taste for blood sausage before.  The octopus was tender and melted in my mouth.
We had the grilled branzino and the skirt steak - both were amazing.
Aside from the food, the people that worked there were amazing.  It is a family business and mother, father, and children all work there.  The chef (father) came out to see how our dinner was.
Overall, we had a great experience and will return.  If you want an unpretentious menu with great food check this place out.  I do not do dessert, but their desserts sounded amazing.Excellent food and service. We arrived on a Friday night with no reservation and knew we'd probably have to wait. They held on to our bottle of wine for us while we had a drink at nearby Royal Tavern. We came back and had the blood sausage--great--and skirt steak--best steak I've had in recent memory, cooked to perfection. Alfajores for dessert were bliss.I'd heard good things about 943 and decided to check it out this past Saturday.  We arrived at 8:30pm, Groupon and a bottle of Argentine Malbec in hand. The space is sparsely decorated and lacked a cozy or intimate feel, yet it was still inviting.  We were seated next to the open kitchen.  The polished wood tabletops with a heavy (iron?) base and chairs are very nice...no flimsy Ikea furniture here!
Our server was very pleasant and opened our wine immediately.  We were promptly given some bread with pepper infused oil and a little bowl of cheese and salami cubes. Nice touch! We scarfed it all down.  We started out with the chicken empanadas and the shrimp appetizer.  The empanadas were flavorful. The shrimp were delicious.  They tasted really fresh and the saffron/onion/garlic added great flavor. For my entree I had the ravioli of the day: butternut squash with brown butter.  I received a plate with 3 of the biggest ravioli I've ever seen.  No complaints here!  My boyfriend had the skirt steak.  I sampled a bit dipped in chimichurri sauce. It was a delicious cut of steak, cooked as he'd ordered and not chewy or fatty.  
My few criticisms: 1) please do away with the linty little towels that are on the table in lieu of napkins.  I had white lint all over my black dress during and after dinner. 2) the waitress failed to tell us what the kitchen was out of before we ordered.  I was all set to order the octopus appetizer only to be told that they were out of it...bummer! 3) they need to somehow cozy-up the space.  It just seemed large, open and stark. 
Overall a decent BYOB that I'd dine at again!Food: 5
Decor: 2.5
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3
Value: 4
They closed!!! NOOOOO!! Amazing steaks. Great little byob, that I wish I'd have another opportunity to visit.My husband and I went to 943 last week to redeem our groupons and we couldn't get full credit for the one so we did the tasting menu because it was extended. Mind you we did have several months to redeem our groupons but we messed up. Thank god the tasting groupon was extended. We had an amazing time! So glad we came. The empanadas are outstanding and our steals were perfection!!!  We finished off with a flan and  chocolate torte which were phenomenal. Our server also let us know that the desserts were made in house. We def will be coming back! Thanks for groupon introducing us to this lil gem! The service was amazing also.
 Note to all complaining below: you all have had several monthis to use it like we did. We need to start checking the dates on ours. A++ to 943.A solid 3.5 really. I went on a Wednesday  I ordered the empanada sampler, beef was my favorite and the salsa that came with is tasty. I also order the sweetbreads, YUMMMMMM. It was seared and covered in a tangy vinagrette with pieces of chopped garlic and parsley. I wanted to order it again but I will wait until my next visit!First off, I try to visit as many places as I can throughout the city for great food. I never find myself compelled to go out of my way to write a review about the places I visit, but 943 really impressed me. 
I was recently on Philly.com and I just so happened to stumble upon the restaurant page. I was looking up a bar that I visited a few years ago and noticed a review of 943 at the bottom corner of the page. I don't know why, but I decided to click on it and read the review. It seemed like a really interesting place to check out.
My girlfriend is a fan of BYOB's so I decided to try something different, instead of the occasional "night out in Old City/Center City". The evening we went, I scheduled a reservation and the young lady that answered was very polite. When we arrived it was definitely a neat scene to see as there was a couple dining inside at the window, you could tell they were enjoying their dinner. As I walked in I'd have to admit, it wasn't your typical restaurant scene in Old City or Center City, it felt as if I was walking into someone's dining room. You could see the kitchen and the head chef Pascual grilling various meats. I was greeted by a waitress who had us seated at a nice window seat. 
The menu was simple and everything was priced well. As our waitress came to bring us our glasses of water, she popped open our red wine bottle and served us. I decided to start of with the grilled provolone and ensalda romana (caesar salad), while my girlfriend had the house salad. For the entree she had the Ravioli de Casa, which was a spinach ravioli in a garganzola cream sauce. I had the Bife de Chorizo, which was a glorifed New York Strip. 
Our waitress brought our appetizer and salad over and we were quite pleased. Everything was fresh and very well prepared. The grilled provolone melted in your mouth. Another waitress was very attentative to everyone's drinks and made sure we had our glasses filled. It was nice to see as the restaurant was not that busy. Every now and then you would see the head chef Pascual, pop his head out to make sure service was going well. He even went over to a few tables to introduce himself and make sure his customers were happy. 
Our entrees took a bit longer than we expected to arrive at our table, but we were enjoying ourselves as well as the wine. The moment came and our waitress bought over our entrees and my mouth watered as I saw this beautiful slab of strip steak. My girlfriend's ravioli dish looked amazing as well. Everything was cooked to perfection. The steak was seasoned perfectly and really didn't need anything on it. The fingerlings and green beens that accompanied my steak were also very good. My girlfriend is a huge pasta lover and she couldn't stop raving about how fresh the pasta and other ingredients were. We both shared our dishes and were very pleased. 
We ended our night with the flan for desert. I have to point out, being latino myself, this flan was almost as good as my grandmother's. I can't say enough about 943. The atmosphere was great and so was the service. I will recommend this spot to anyone and I look forward to my next visit.The space at 943 is a little sparse, but that doesn't have to be a bad thing.  Some may call it minimalistic.  I think because they sat us near the window on a cold night, I'm leaning towards 'sparse'.  
The menu however, was quite warm and cozy.  It was filled with so many desirable plates that we had to pull up the trusty yelp reviews to help us decide.  We ended up having the sweetbreads (from the specials menu), the empanada trio, skirt steak, and seafood pappardella.  
The sweetbreads with the beans in pomegranate seeds were fantastic.  I'll repeat - FAN-TAS-TIC.  The empanadas weren't anything mind blowing, but good.  Like a few notches above a hot pocket.  (Keep in mind I like hot pockets, and all empanadas have been relatively similar to me).  The entrees were both very good.  The steak was cooked nicely, and the seafood pasta sauce was right on point.Can't say enough good things about this Argentine BYOB. The meats were all very good, with the high points being the sweetbreads and the steak. But the real stars of our meal were actually the octopus and the shrimp. Really phenomenal and totally unexpected.
Service was good, decor is unintrusive, and the overall ambiance was very pleasant. Great little dinner spot, and  
I will be back here SOON. Keep it up, folks!This was another great find from Groupon. Me and my gf went there for a nice dinner on saturday night. The place has a quaint little feel and very open. It's byob which is nice, and they have the old school little Italian wine glasses straight out of The Godfather. 
The food was incredible. I had the grilled shortrib. It was cooked perfectly and the sauce was delicious. The fingerling potatoes that went with it were amazing! They weren't too soft and the taste was incredible. 
I have zero complaints about the service, which means they did a great job. The waitress was attentive but not overbearing and we never needed to wait for long for anything. We had brought a couple bottles of wine and they didn't try to rush us out the door, but rather let us enjoy our wine after the meal. I definitely am looking forward to heading back there again.In my opinion, 943 isn't firing on all cylinders yet.  The food has the potential to be very good but the overall experience was kind of meh.
I came here, Groupon in hand for dinner on a Saturday evening.  When we first walked in, we were confused as to where to find a hostess.  I ended up walking to the server's area to "check-in" for our 8pm reservation.  It turns out the hostess area is a small, rickety wooden shelf to the immediate left when you enter the restaurant.  Very understated.
We were seated near the kitchen and it seemed like the 3 waitresses were just running around like mad all evening.  At the table they give you a small ramekin of salami and provolone (diced into small cubes) for you to snack on.  Kind of odd but tasty.
We started with the empanadas and I wasn't thrilled with them.  Of the 3 varieties, the sausage one was the tastiest because it had the most flavor.  The other two were just dry and lacked seasoning.  They also came served over a few sprigs of wilted cilantro.  Not winning points on that one.
Our entrees on the other hand were quite tasty.  Bife de Chorizo was a really nice cut of meat and it was cooked exactly how we asked for it, medium rare.  The roasted potatoes had great seasoning and I was happy with this dish.  The paparadelle special was also really very tasty.  The sauce had great flavor and consistency and clung to the pasta.
At their price point, the service and the decor of the restaurant along with the overall dining experience could be better.  I believe that they have potential but right now, it seems like they haven't hit their groove.We came here with a Groupon and I am so glad we did! I almost felt bad using the Groupon because the food was so good and I wanted to support this place. We got the grilled octopus, asparagus and then I got the skirt steak. The sauce for the steak was so good I just dipped each bite into it so the steak could be slathered in it! The service was ok- but it was super busy on a Saturday night. I liked how open and big the space was. Normally with BYOBS you feel cramped into a small space and there are like 20 tables when there should only be 15. The only down side is that it did take an hour to get our entree. The person wasn't overly impressed with the pasta dish they got either- so maybe stick to the meats.Not bad.  Acoustics are poor inside but food is well prepared and service is good.This is hands down one of the best meals I've had since moving to Philly two years ago (from NYC). Everything we eat was beyond superb: Hake, Lobster Ravioli (out of this world!) and squid to start. Four of us dined together and we each loved what we ordered. Service was professional and attentive - and though in So Philly, it has a much different vibe. More hip than most restaurants there.Very tasty meal. Can't beat the skirt steak with chimichurri sauce. The empanadas were good and the saffron shrimp were really flavorful- You will want more bread for that garlicky sauce. The service was very friendly. They were out of the octopus so I will go back for that. If the pulpo is as good as everything else it will get 5 stars.The major pitfall of this place: one of our two steaks (the entrana) was suuuuper salty. Almost inedibly so, and I tend to like salty foods. The grilled octopus was also extremely salty, and probably not worth the $12 for the amount given. Each bite of both made me want to guzzle an entire glass of water, which unfortunately they weren't very attentive about keeping filled. 
I will say that the grilled short rib was nicely flavored: if only they'd been as moderate with the salt on the other two items, this place could've easily been a 3. The four meager pieces of fingerling potatoes that came with the steaks were just okay, and the wrinkled sauteed green beans weren't that great. However, the bell pepper-infused olive oil with the bread was a nice touch, as was the complimentary small ramekin of finely diced cheese and meat. 
Overall though, if I had wanted to increase my sodium intake that significantly, I would've gotten myself a salt lick. In fact, they could throw their steaks into cow pens and the cows would cannibalistically come a lickin'.I married into an Argentine family and ever since reading about this new restaurant have been wanting to go. Monday we were in the city and located the place only to realize they are closed on Mondays. So Wednesday we were back with a party of seven.  
As we waited the chef sent over two complimentary tiny condiment size bowls of cubed cheese and salami and 3 fried smelt fish. A single rectangular dish the size of an index card was brought with sliced baguette (we had to ask numerous times for it to be refilled - it was never done voluntarily). 
We saw the menu said 3 empanadas for $10. So 12 were ordered. Most of the party said they were delicious and my mother-in-law said they were the best she had eaten. A couple of us ordered salads at $7 and $8 each. They arrived in the size of a cereal bowl.  Mine was the Caesar type with one halved cherry tomato. I asked for a dinner portion of pasta to be shared with my two children. I wanted simple spaghetti and red sauce. The only pasta they had was pappardelle. One bowl arrived ($10), another small cereal bowl size. I waited for the second bowl for my second child only to quickly realize this was to be split by me for them - no plates were brought to make this task easier. 
Between the table we ordered the milanesa, the pasta special, and their steak. My husband had the side of fingerling potatoes cooked in duck fat substituted for a side of salad. His plate was huge, with the smallest steak I've seen and an equally small handful of iceberg lettuce with a single sliced cherry tomato that was lightly dressed. My pasta was tasty ($17) although the chicken was moist it lacked seasoning and was served in another cereal size bowl. 
So the check arrives - over $200. We called the waiter over to point out an error on the empanada price (they were rung up as $4 each - $48 worth)  She said, "that's why I was encouraging you to order the sampler..."  When the order was placed we clearly said we were ordering in increments of (3) for the $10 price. Apparently they're only 3 for $10 if you order the sampler. 
Oh, almost forgot - the restaurant opened at 5, we arrived by 6.  The small dessert menu only allowed for a single order of Alfajors.  The waitress said they sell out every day - but this was an hour after they opened.
Overall, everyone said the food was very very good but for the price, the service and the EXTREMELY small portions we won't be returning.I am sad because the food is good. But I am going to rate this place as lowest- they should realize how customer who has groupon and never get access for reservation and missed the chance to get a deal. I called them so many times during the day and they never answer my call. I finally could reach them on the day before the coupon expire around 10pm but was told the next day was fully booked so we missed the day that the copon expires. Well I call them so many times but no reply! Then when I was connected, I complained and explained the situation, and the person on the phone seemed to understand and just said you are OK. But reality is, when we ate there and was going to redeem, they said no, it did only redeem what you had already paid and no more. What??? So Are you intententionally doing this (That my impression b/c they never answer my call)?? Food is good but I ended up being very ver disappointed .Honestly, I'd sum it up as "sucks." So, aside from taking forever to get orders taken and served, and literally a third of the things on the menu not available that evening, the prices are through the roof for paltry amounts of food. Sure okay, the food should be fantastic right? I didn't think so. There was 4 of us so we had a variety of dishes and we all felt pretty ripped off. 
And here is the part that really pisses me off. Before I sat down at this restaurant I looked around the restaurant for "cash only" signs. I looked at the front door. I checked the menu. Nothing anywhere to be seen. I looked at the prices on the menu which showed the average dish is about $20 a head. Okay, no problem then for accepting credit cards, right? EEEEEEERRRRRTTTTTT. That, my friends, is a giant buzzer right over your head. So I had to look like an a-hole and borrow a few bucks from one of my friends, while another addition to the party had to go run to the ATM. Probably the only worse scenario than that would be getting a card declined... but I digress.  
I can't give this place one star because the waitress was nice and apologized like three times for not accepting credit cards. 
We couldn't figure it out though -- Why do people eat here?
Food Quality/Taste =  1 Star
Portion Size Given Price = 1 Star
Price = 1 Stars
Service = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 2 StarsHorrible experience.  Went on a Friday night and though it wasn't busy we still had to repeatedly flag down the wait staff for request.  While the food started out fine (nothing to write home about but fine) it quickly went down hill.  They start you with a bit of bread and some pepper infused oil.  
For an appetizer we had the selection of empanadas and the asparagus.  The empanadas were fine though nothing special.  The asparagus was the only thing I would go back for... maybe.  The sauce and beans were flavorful but the asparagus itself was a little overlooked and on the wimpy side. 
The entrees were where everything got ugly.  I ordered the skirt steak medium rare.  First of all out of the 5 steaks ordered at our table all were different sizes. Mine was not even half the size of some of the servings.  Also if there was even the slightest hint of pink I never found it.  It was over cooked and VERY tough.  The chimichurri  was fine but I wanted a better steak for $19.  Also the menu stated it would be served with fingerling potatoes.  We all got old soggy steak fries that were in desperate need of seasoning.  
We didn't bother with dessert. 
All in all there are a lot of byobs out there with far more edible food, go to one of them instead!Excellent meal from beginning to end.  The lightly battered hake was outstanding, as was the skirt steak.  The grilled octopus appetizer was original and perfectly executed. We'll be back frequently.They still have some organizational issues with the staff, but everybody is very nice and over-appologetic about some of the wait times.  I prefer a slower pace than a rushed pace any day of the week.
The food was very good as my wife and I had the asado along with a provoleta.
Not quite as good as getting asado in Argentina, but it was an enjoyable meal.
Check out this place and give it a shot.When people ask me where to get a great meal at a decent price, I direct them here.  I've eaten here many times and have never been disappointed.  Everything I have ever tasted from here has been amazing.
My typical order is the entrana, the grilled skirt steak.  The steak is cooked to perfection, salty (but not overly so as some people have stated), and flavorful.  When dipped in the chimichurri sauce on the plate, it's a fork full of heaven.  The green beans that are served with it are also to die for, I ask for extra.  They're garlic-y and have that perfect snappy-tender texture.  The empanadas are incredible, with the jamon y queso being my favorite.  Our last visit here was during a terrible thunderstorm and we were the only guests so the chef sent us out the Provoleta appetizer.  I loved it so much that my friends only got one bite each before I stole the whole rest.  For dessert, we typically get the lemon cookies with dulce de leche filling, which sounds like it would be kind of an odd pairing, but works so well together.  
On top of being incredible food, the service is outstanding.  The servers are always friendly and attentive.  They are knowledgeable of their menu and are more than happy to make recommendations to new guests.  
All of the negative reviews from yelp are from people who visited or had problems using the groupon so don't be discouraged.  This is a gem of a restaurant and I give it nothing but highest of praise.  Grab a bottle of wine and head on over.My boyfriend and I live right around the corner, so we decided to check out 943 this week for dinner. What a swell little place right in the Italian Market. Location makes this place dazzling, not only because it's fun to sit there and look out, but because you can taste it in the food. Every dish we had seem to have ingredients that tasted like they came from next door at Jimmy's place or Sammy's that down the street. 
We had the caesar salad, and you can call me boring for ordering it, but this was a totally sexy caesar salad. The portion could have been a little plumper, but now we're just splitting hairs. It tasted sexy so I just wish there had been more.
The empanadas were also light and delightful, and for secondi (yes, I just said this) we had the special Gnocchi with gorgonzola cream sauce, What little puffs of delight! Everything was so fresh in this dish- I felt I should run across to DiBruno and give him a high five or something, But I didn't you see, we had skirt steak coming.
Yes okay, the steak could have and should have been larger, and maybe more beans and potatoes, but wow the flavors! This zippy little steak kicked butt, It was perfectly seasoned, and it was buttery, and I just ate it as slow as possible so it wouldn't end. Jolly good.
After our meal, chef Pasqual came for a table visit, which I really dig, because as a chef it says, I cooked this, I'm that guy, now I'm right here. I gave him my big ol thumbs up.
We didn't have dessert. All that sexy really left a brick in my belly. It was a good brick, though. Check it out.Went to 943 on Saturday with a couple friends and everything we tried was amazing. The empanadas were done perfectly and the shrimp appetizer was in a delicious sauce. Favorite entree had to be the mixed grill - skirt, strip, and short rib steak with the blood sausage and sweet breads. Not usually a fan of blood sausage but this was something else. Table next to us had the homemade ravioli and whole fish and both looked and smelt really good. Another great BYO for philadelphia, will definitely be back again.So I had a Groupon, it was my birthday, and my wife was outta town. What better time than to go out with some close guy friends (not that the ladies won't appreciate!) and feast on some grilled food at this very unique BYO?!
Reservations were made online thru their website, and the staff followed up with a phonecall to confirm. Easy Peasy!
We arrived at 8pm on a Wednesday evening, parking was not a problem, and seating was up to us...we chose the table at the back of the room right by the open air kitchen.
Bottles of Barbera, Shiraz, and Merlot were on hand in addition to some Patron Silver.
Our waitress took very good care of us, and the two others on staff that evening would fill in as needed to answer our questions, take orders, or clear plates. VERY GOOD SERVICE!
We started off with the Provoletta...schmeared it on the house bread with some pickled eggplant and olive oil. Delicious! Ordered the grilled asparagus with a gooey fried egg over an amazing tomato sauce which when combined with the egg yolk required more bread to sop up. Also got the octopus (Don Giovanni)...I'm usually not a fan of fava beans, but damn if we weren't soaking additional bread in this jus as well!
By this point we were already expressing our gratitude to Chef Cancelliere and we hadn't even ordered entrees yet. A complimentary batch of the empanada sampler was sent out, and one of the guys in our party is from Chile who was duly impressed. Nuff said.
Rather than prolonging the inevitable we ordered the Parrillada and a round of Papas Fritas con Huevo. The grilled meats came out on a warm chafing dish and featured a blood sausage, sweetbreads, a very light chorizo, short ribs, skirt steak, and strip steak. We splashed the accompanying chimichurri  on the beef portions. Sweetbreads were delicate, blood sausage was the best I've ever had (and Chef sent out another complimentary piece), chorizo was ok, skirt steak was a tad rubbery, short ribs were nice, and strip steak was good. Sopped up the jus with more bread.
At this point the boys were slowing down so we figured let's end with something "light" so we went with the grilled shrimp. OMG if the fennel/garlic sauce wasn't incredible!!!
By now, we'd tried almost all the major items on the menu...we should have stopped...but there was still a bottle of wine left...so on our waitress's recommendation we went with the hake. Lightly battered in egg batter...absolutely amazing...another bread sopper! By now, I kept getting up to raise my hands to Chef and his crew in the kitchen to commend him on the great food and care in preparation and simplicity of ingredients. Less truly can be more folks!  Having gone all out, we decided the only thing we hadn't tried was a pasta so we went with the spinach ravioli. Raviolis were very good...sauce was slightly salty, nothing that more bread couldn't fix.  And I'm happy to say we kicked the kitchen's supply of bread by night's end!
They sent out another complimentary dish, this time of dessert, featuring their flan (possibly best I've ever had), chocolate flourless torte (quite good), and alfojores (cookies with dulce de leche in between...better than Gavin's Cafe off Rittenhouse)!
Bring your appetite, bring some wine, and plan on spending some time. This is a great place to eat! Chef reminds me of a young Mario Batali in appearance...and that's fine by me. He, his staff, and the space deserve your visit!Outstanding Argentine/Italian food.  I lived in Argentina for 2 years and became a fan of this unique blend of South American/Italian cusine.  Cafe 943 does it right.  Outstanding empanadas (among the best I've had), great Churrasco steak and Raviloi -- just like in the better places in Buenos Aires, and a fish special that was just outstanding -- perfectly cooked, buttery and well complimented by a rice and fava bean side.  Service is friendly and attentive.  Decor is a little spartan but comfortable.  It's BYO, cash only.  The "wine glasses" are small water glasses, so if stemware is your thing, bring your own.Went early on a Saturday night with a Gropon coupon. Dinner was fabulous! Will go back in a nanosecond with or without a coupon. We started with a wonderful tuna salad, moved on to beef empanadas, also wonderful. They next served chorizo, then asparagus with egg over beans - sounds strange, but was delicious! Then we had strip steaks, roasted potatoes and string beans -- all delicious and perfectly done. Finished with flan - creamy and loaded with the taste of caramel. All of that for under $20 per person! How can you beat that! Our server was charming and helpful and we found a parking spot nearby. Great restaurant!You must visit this restaurant!!!  The food is way above average and prepared with such care.  The chef is superior and his wife and daughters are delightful.  I have loved everything I have ordered here, and so has my husband.  We travel all the way from Blue Bell, PA, to get there and it is so well worth the trip.  And, yes, it is a BYO.We purchased the Groupon for 943 and couldn't wait to go. Made a reservation at 5 pm on a Saturday for a 6 pm seating. When we arrived we realized that we probably could have walked in but after we were seated we were glad we did as the restaurant filled up quickly. After we were sat in the front window my wife realized that it was a little chilly. We summoned the server and asked if we could be moved. She stated that instead they would turn up the heat which did the trick and we stayed where we were with the view of the Italian Market.  Wine was opened, water was brought and we started out with the Provoletta. We were not impressed. Actually kind of bland considering the fine cheese shops right across the street. Our entree was the Parrillada Juani  (mixed grill) and OMG it was fantastic. We were novices to the sweetbreads and the blood sausage but both of us enjoyed both. The skirt and strip steaks were cooked to perfection, the chorizo delicious and the short ribs to die for. My wife and I could not finish the entire plate so the leftovers made a nice lunch the next day. Both of us filled to the brim an of to a Holiday party so no dessert for us (but next time for sure).  Overall we would definitely go back again with more wine and friends to share.Time for an upgrade.
My last experience at 943 definitely warranted another review.  After having dined previously and enjoying the food, I had felt that perhaps the service and feel of the restaurant was a little off.  I believe these issues have been corrected and they are just catching some wind in their sails.
Early tastings from the kitchen were the grilled sweetbreads and the grilled shrimp.  If there is one thing that this place excels in, it's grilling.  The two aforementioned items came out perfect.  They had that great grill flavor and were cooked to perfection.  The sauce on the shrimp was something sweet, spicy and smokey.  There might be magic happening back there.
My entree, the Entrana with chimichurri and crispy fingerlings was beautiful.  Not only did the steak have the awesome grill flavor I spoke about earlier, but the chimichurri brought a fresh and light feel to each bite.  The potatoes were also perfect, crispy outside, soft inside.  At this price point, it is one of the better values in the city.
If the previous courses weren't enough, their house-made flan just sealed the deal for me.  I've always though of flan as kind of blah.  Not anymore.
Today we spell redemption 9-4-3.Thank you Yelpers for great advice!  
Thursday nite 7pm & 943 was jammed; glad I called for reservation.  Party of 4 (one Venzuelan) - we started with grilled octopus and empanadas.  Any hesitation about octopus was overcome by delicate flavor and tenderness, empanadas were excellent.
Everything here is so fresh - the downside was by time we ordered 943 was out of chicken!  Skirt steak, NY strip, hake and ravioli - all winners.  Great advice about ordering medium rare; it did arrive medium.
Seated by the open kitchen we actually enjoyed all the great fragrances.
Service was knowledgeable but overwhelmed by full house.
Pass on the house salad - too plain.  
Desserts were excellent.  Rich flourless chocolate cake, exceptional flan but best were wispy lemon cookies.
Friendly crowd - but those who dined late had fewer choices and did not get the duck fat fingerlings.  Really felt sorry for them.
Groupon got us in the door but all agreed menu offered value and savor.  Bring a bottle or two, arrive by 7ish and enjoy!This is a small intimate restaurant, nothing fancy. The waitstaff and hostess were exceptionally nice. They continuously came over and asked if everything was alright and filled our water and wine glasses. 
The food was pretty good. Not overly spiced or flavorful. We ordered the short ribs, pasta sampler and ham and cheese empanas. It reminded me of a typical homecooked Italian meal. Empanas were ok. Nothing like the empanas you would get in South America from the street vendors, but still had a good taste. 
I am not sure if it was really worth $20 a person but I would go back again if there was another Groupon offer.I have no idea what Argentinian food is, but the food at this place is really good.  It's brand new so they are still working out operational kinks (service time mostly) but otherwise, this place is really good.  The food is not like any cuisine that I've had in Philly before.  It is clearly Italian influenced, but not regular Italian food.  Decor is modern and clean.  It stands out in the Italian Market.  Definitely worth a try.  Improvement of service and more dessert options would make it worthy of consideration for 5 stars from me.I usually don't get this excited about a restaurant, but 943 really stands out as a cut above.  First off, this place isn't fancy and they're not trying to be, but the food that come out of the kitchen is classy and as well executed as any you'll find.  
now the cons:  the South Philly is impossible when it comes to parking, especially at night, and the surrounding area is not exactly "bustling" with activity.
now the pros:  once you walk in the door of 943, the service is sincere and the ambiance is inviting and genuine.  The menu has a myriad of delicious options and my wife and I were blown away at the taste of every dish served to us.  Overall, the meal was authentically Argentinian with an Italian flair, just like they do it in Argentina.
and the food:  you start off with two complimentary small dished 1) cured meats and cheese and bread with jardiniere type oil dip.  Both are delicious and serve well to warm the palate.  For our dinner we tried the Empanada sample, absolutely yummy and as good as we've had in Argentina.  Next we tried the New York steak entree with chimmichuri and the Hake fish dish.  the best way to describe it was that both were executed and seasoned to perfection.  The steak was a perfect medium rare, as I ordered it, and the Hake was tender and sauced with skill.
To top it off the chef even came out and chatted us up to make sure we were satisfied with our meal.  I was just sorry we didn't have any more wine to offer him.  Ohh ya, this place is BYOB.  So all is all, one of the more satisfying meals I've had in a while, and I hope everyone at 943 keeps up the great work!to be fair, this review is actually 2.5 stars... i have a friend who had a groupon so we decided to accompany them to 943. although i had never heard of it, a friend told me it was supposed to have great food. 
great food aside- we did know it was cash only prior to going in, as we checked yelp.  there was a small sign on the front window that also stated that, but nowadays, that can be a hindrance to people. they should look into getting a CC machine. 
we made a reservation and our table was ready when we got there.  there isnt really a host or someone to greet people when you walk in, so a bunch of people who came in at once were all kind of just standing there waiting to be greeted.  it was a bit awkward.  needless to say, we sat down and waited.  in looking at the menu we were pleasantly surprised at the selections and couldnt decide what to order from the great options. once our waitress FINALLY arrived, she brought us water as we requested.  the table next to us seemed already perturbed and the table behind us were quite intoxicated and very loud. not the restaurants fault but i digress. 
once we had decided on appetizers and placed our order (we still needed a minute or two to choose entrees) we couldnt find the waitress. after waiting what seemed like forever i thought at least someone would come out with our apps and we could ask.  finally the waitress came back and we ordered entrees. done. 
noticing our appetizers didnt quite come out together, luckily we had the good bread and dipping oil which tasted amazing, because we were starving at that point.  the table next to us only received one appetizer and the lady was clearly upset as her husbands app came out about 20 mins or more after hers did.  the waitress said she forgot.  i guess honesty is brutal but had the waitress come back sooner she would have noticed then. 
after scarfing down our apps, and requesting more bread and more refills (which we always had to ask for- not a good sign in my opinion), the waitress finally came out to tell us that because the kitchen was backed up (understandable- small restaurant full on a saturday night) that they were out of the skirt steak and would replace our steaks with a better cut at the same price and dessert would be on the house.  that was nice, but still annoying as we had ordered a half hour earlier. 
food was good, but on my plate only 2 fingerling potatoes (read two half pieces of fingerling potatoes) on top of a few string beans.  seasoned wonderfully, but very sparse, i almost laughed.  i had to use the restroom and when i came back there were magically more on my plate.  i think my friends gave me some from their plates, but all plates should have a decent amount of vegetables, not one more than another.   
the chimichuri sauce was AMAZING. and we werent in a rush, but there was not a wait at the restaurant and it slowly emptied out as the night progressed.  our reservation was for 830 and we were the last people to leave. not because we were hanging around but because thats how long it took us to complete our meal... 
at the end, they gave us a dessert sampler on the house, a handwritten check (very strange to not have a computer system) and the chef came out to our table after a long night of chefery.  it was a very nice gesture and we appreciated the apologies. 
once the kinks get worked out this place could be stellar, but it still needs a few touches of TLC.The simple fact that these folks are doing something that I have yet to find in the city, focusing on unique and still authentic meat and cuisine from la tierra latina (the Latin world), is something that gets me excited... 
Chorizo y Morcilla (spicy seasoned pork sausage and blood sausage), sweet breads, octopus mean if your looking for more out of the box and tasty than that, I suggest some chiterlings(chit-lens) and tripe with saracha sauce, or you can come here and let the pros do pimp out a meat plate for you... 
Latino is Latino, and I'm pumped that these guys are doing this in Philly, I will most definitely be frequenting this establishment, and so should you!!!