Great little ramen restaurant on main st in manayunk.  Staff was nice and noodles came out quick, nice and hot! I will definitely be back...sluuurrrpSo glad we got a new ramen place in the neighborhood. The atmosphere is cute with the wall covered by Japanese anime. I been here twice and both times, I got Tan Tan ramen and it was very good. Not tekarawa good but def comparable to other places in the city. Bf got Miso ramen once and the signature once, both was ok. He said he will try other next time and not order those again. 
Overall, it's a quick and decent spot for ramen when you live out here and dont want to drive into the city.LOVE THIS PLACE it was amazing and tasty and the people were super nice. Can't wait to come back.New ramen place in Manayunk! Been waiting for a legit ramen place since moving to the area and @Ramen just opened recently so we were really excited to try it out.
I got the tonkatsu and my wife got the miso, they also gave us some complementary steamed dumplings as part of their grand opening.  The tonkatsu had the right taste but it was very light in taste and texture, not quite as thick of a broth as I'm accustomed to.  The miso just tasted like miso, not sure if it was mixed with any other broth but it was also 'light' on taste and texture.  The plus side is that it doesn't feel as oily or heavy once in your belly, the con is that the taste might not be enough for some.
All in all I felt like the service was great but that maybe they needed the pork bone to cook for longer to get more flavor into the broth.  5 for service, 3 for food thus far but I would be interested in coming back to try their other broths.I'm so glad this place opened in Manayunk! Not only it's the only ramen place but the BEST ramen I've had in Philadelphia. Their broth is so rich and noodles are perfectly cooked. On top of great food, the staff are always enthusiastic and overwhelmingly nice. I heard they are going to bring pork bun on the menu and i cannot wait!! 
Talk to Matthew for menu recommendations, he's the best!!decent place to eat ramen as there doesn't seem to be any other in the area. The owner(s) are Korean, as well as the waiter that served us. This place takes credit cards only - they use a payment system similar to foursquare.
The first thing that unfortunately came to my mind was to compare this place to other ramen places in philly - Terakawa in Chinatown or Ramen Bar in west philly or ESPECIALLY Hiro Ramen in CC. All of which are great ramen shops that have set my standards for what ramen should taste like.
So, when I ordered the tonkatsu ramen, I was pretty disappointed with the flavor. The broth was severely lacking even after some heavy-handed pouring of spices provided on the table. The pork was also kind of dry (not bone-dry, just kind of like overcooked chicken breast) somehow... and to top it off, the dish didn't come with an egg which is standard for other ramen shops, and the noodles were a bit overcooked/soggy. The veggies they used in it were also atypical. Like cabbage. Bean sprouts...and chinese broccoli. None of which go especially well with the dish. I'd much rather have shiitake mushrooms and bamboo shoots at the least.
I know I'm being a bit unfair to compare it to other ramen restaurants (not every sushi joint can be morimoto). I get it. Maybe it's the palette of the chef and of the other reviewers... There's also no sign saying "Traditional Japanese Ramen" anywhere.  
I think I'll come back again in a few months and see if my opinion changes.
*A side note - if you do come here, get the Ramune drink. It's sweet and delicious, and the bottle is pretty interesting if you've never had it beforeWOW! The level of disrespect that the management tolerates their staff giving to their customers is completely unacceptable. I sincerely hope they fix this soon!The tonkotsu broth is fantastic--highly recommended! Shoyu broth was also very nice. The roast pork on top was cooked perfectly. Definitely order the dumplings as an app--the dipping sauce is awesome. Bring your credit card, this place doesn't accept cash! Also, parking in Manayunk can be dicey so be warned.Absolutely terrible service! Asked for extra broth and they said no.  I even offered to pay for the extra broth and they said " no, you should have asked for it before we made your order"  the ramen itself was mediocre.  The noodles were not fresh.  Will never come back again.So happy this place opened in Manayunk! As someone who loves ramen, I've been waiting for the day it would come to Main St for the past few years.  The ramen is delicious, staff is very friendly, and the overall atmosphere is nice and laidback. Good spot to go with a group of friends - for lunch or dinner!Was super excited to see a ramen place on main street and finally tried it out tonight for dinner. I had the tantan noodles which had ground pork, egg noodles and veggies in a spicy brown broth. Definitely add the homemade miso paste if you like more spice. The place is decorated very cool and you can tell a lot of thought went into the design. The owner greeted us and and said that they plan to add more options to the menu (more meat options like beef, chicken, and more appetizers) as they continue to grow (they've only been open a month). The rest of the staff was also friendly and attentive. I also thought the price point was right on point - $11 for a big bowl of yummy ramen. Looking forward to going back to try out the new additions to the menu!Food surprisingly tasty.  Had the kale noodles plus an egg that I liked a lot. Here is the issue - the only meat offered is pork.  No beef or chicken? If the offering was broader the rating would be higher.  BTW the dumplings were very nice.The service was very fast and the employees were very friendly. As for the food it was not so great. The pork seemed as though it was microwaved. Also there was not much flavor at all. I would not recommend this place to try, and also wouldn't go again.We decided to come here for ramen last night. We got seated right away which was very nice but we were rushed with our menus. I got the miso without realizing there was meat, which I decided to get the mushroom plate after. The waitress NEVER came to ask how things were going and I still got charged for the miso plate which I get was my fault for ordering the wrong thing, but shows how CHEAP they are. Honestly how much does it seriously cost them to LOOSE some noodles? Overall, the CHEAPNESS, FOOD, and SERVICE was beyond the worst I've ever experienced. Word of advice DONT GO HERE!Had miso ramen there last night. It had way too much salt. Otherwise, the food is decent.SO GOOD!!! Was waiting for a delish ramen place to open up! Seriously some of the best ramen I've had in Philly. Staff was nice. Place was clean and well decorated. Menu was simple yet tasteful. And most importantly the ramen was goooooooooood! Definitely recommend. Especially for the colder days coming up. This was a perfect place.I would love to give these guys five stars. Sheer enthusiasm for their new business would get them five. However...based in the ramen alone it is a weak three stars. Lets break it down:
Broth: five stars. Tonkotsu was creamy with no oily residu. Clean. Beautifully crafted.
Noodles: slightly overcooked. 3 stars. I've had worse, I've had much much better.
Charshu: this is a toughie. It is not soft and lucious, it is cooked well then flamed. Slightly chewy. Good flavor. I'd give it four stars.
Toppings: this is where they lost alot of points. No corn. No mushrooms. No bamboo shoots. No nori. Not even as optional add ons/ins. 1 star. 
Egg: lost points here too. You made me pay extra for a cold overly hard boiled no soy taste egg. I want a soft boiled soy egg. I want a slightly oozy yolk. 0 stars. 
No condiments at table. 1 star.
They gave out free dumplings. They reminded me of mandoo (korean dumplings). Skins were too soft and filling was weird with a garlicky aftertaste. 
They also give you a small dish with two condiment vegetables. I added the one to the soup to spice it up. Why not just put a container on the table? 
To wrap it all up... there is way better ramen to be had in Philly. This place will serve in a pinch. They really need to work on the toppings. Please figure out how to do a proper soft cooked egg too!
Just for comparison look at Terakawa Ramen's "special" tonkotsu:
Terakawa Ramen (Signature ramen)      10
Natural Heritage Berkshire Pork bone soup topped with roast pork (charshu), bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, red ginger, chopped scallions and a seasoned boiled egg.New ramen shop on Main St in Manayunk! Finally!!
Got the Tonkotsu and Miso ramen. 
Broth: Tonkotsu broth is creamy, salty and awesome. Miso broth is a bit light and lacks the Miso punch you get at other shops...still really good.
Ramen: the noodles are on point. Right amount of chewiness and perfectly cooked.
Toppings: Roasted pork is nice and thick...The best the best the best , I love the vegetarian ramen and the kale noodles .... to die for .... I do miss them being open on mondays.  It's the only day I am in manayunk ...... but they are still the best and I am gonna check out their center city locationThe service is great and in a good location near the reading market. Ask for the specials. We had a wonderful experience with their sushi. However the ramen was not what we expected. One small piece of pork inside and the taste was normal.This is a decent bowl of ramen. The staff here is nice and friendly. The dumplings are really great. Overall this place serves up some good food and I will definitely be back.Was highly disappointed in @Ramen. I got the miso ramen, it tasted like it was straight out of the microwave. The broth had no flavor, the beef tasted like a chicken on a stick that you get at a Chinese buffet, the noodles were undercooked. I would rather travel into the city then eat here again. Only good thing is that it's close by and the service was fast. Probably because it was microwaved.Came back to @ramen and are glad we did! They now have a dumpling appetizer which is amazing and tried the tantan ramen and it was incredible. Perfect amount of heat without being overbearing. Once again the service was terrific and the food was delicious.  Thank you @ramen!
We tried @Ramen for the first time and were not disappointed! Awesome food and really wonderful service. Such a great addition to Main Street- definitely going to become regulars here.I really enjoy this restaurant. Me and my friends go pretty regularly and the staff is always friendly and the ramen is great.If you're a Ramen person, this is a bummer.
I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen; tasteless noodles, tasteless broth and the bok choy was limp/not appetizing. You have to pay for the veggies on the side (which is usually provided for you otherwise) and they provide you only the smallest water bottles which seems unnecessarily 
wasteful. 
I took mine to go and recooked it at home, much better.
No cash. 
I'll travel to Chinatown for my ramen next time.This place is AWESOME!! My baby and I wanted something different. The place is nice, quiet, small, and CLEAN!! The food is delicious! They even have a vegetarian ramen noodle bowl made with kale ramen noodles. I had the Tan Tan Ramen bowl. Spicy and delicious!! We will definetly be back!Great addition to the area!
I thought the ramen was delicious and I think comparing this place to other ramen places in the city is unfair.  We are dying for good food and small businesses in this area so stop the elitist hate!
Bring on the multiculture to the Yunk!!Best service on Main Street. Consistently friendly and attentive. Add that to the delicious ramen and sides and it makes for a great experience. So glad to have them in the neighborhood. The menu is small so I've tried most of it. All of it good.  Please me once, good job. Please me consistently and get 5 stars.I have to start off by saying I really loved this place. When it first opened here in Manayunk, I would come 2-3 times a week. The menu wasn't extensive but what they lacked in variety they made up for in flavor. 
Recently they have changed the menu, and not for the better. When it first opened you would get a full egg with your Ramen and pickled veggies. Also the ramen itself was much more flavorful and had more depth. It included a decent amount of assorted veggies and left one satisfied. 
With the new changes, I feel like the focus is on conservation, instead of serving the best possible dish. For the price one pays it's a better option to go to one of the ramen shops in center city. There you will get more bang for your buck. They are lacking many of the Main ingredients and dishes one would find in any other ramen spot around. 
All that being said the ramen is still good. I sticome almost on a weekly basis but the changes are enough to turn away regulars such as myself. 
If management takes the time to read this, please bring back the Tonkatsu and ground pork. A little bit goes a long way.Probably one of the worse ramen places I've had ever been to. Very disappointed with the food itself just because with their ramen it was only the ramen, an egg, and 2 pieces of meat for 12 dollars. No bamboo shoots, and no veggies... and soup base was very non flavorful. A very incomplete ramen experience. I would rather trek out to Chinatown for higher quality ramen.  Had higher expectations for this place.My wife and I have been wanting to try ramen from a restaurant and it was just okay. We were not impressed as the broth seemed bland. The egg was delicious though. Overall, the ramen bowl was overpriced for what you get. We also had the Takayuki as an appetizer, which was absolutely amazing and probably the best we've had!House made fresh broth. My favorite is Creamy Pork (Tonkotsu).  Must try!!! Why do you wanna go downtown Philly?My new favorite place for lunch. Excellent ramen especially if you're in a hurry. They have takeout too where they have a container that separates the broth from the noodles and veg to keep it from getting soggy.I'm a snob when it comes to ramen because I've been to Japan, eaten ramen in New York, and grew up in Asia. This place is good for the Philadelphia area for sure! The soup is very concentrated and creamy if you get the tonkotsu. 
I will say, the spicy sauce you can get in the one ramen is a bit salty and not the spice flavor I expected (I thought it would be more like the one at Ichiran). I think it tastes a little like seafood, so not sure if I would recommend that. however, they are open to making the spicy ramen normal with the sauce on the side if you want to put it in gradually to your liking. 
Drinks are a bit pricey, but great air conditioning and clean bathroom. Nice place to go and good flavors overall.Ramen: A+
Spicy Katsu: A+
Dumplings: A+
Miyazaki posters: A+
I just tried this for the first time tonight, we had the pork dumplings and the Spicy Katsu ramen. It feels like an authentic Japanese Ramen shop. It's great! Try it.This ramen place is great!! I've gotten the Tonkotsu Ramen several times here and the pork and egg are AMAZING, pork cooked just right, even the egg with the slightly runny middle, creamy rich broth. I really enjoy their ramen every time I go in. That and the servers are very good. I just wish the establishment was just a little bigger during the rush hours but what can we do. My friend gets the Miso ramen every time and he highly recommends it. I can't say which ramen you should go with since I've only had the Tonkotsu ramen but I'm sure they are all very good - I can't wait to try the other ramens to compare. OH, and also their dessert menu is very good, the mochi was delicious. They only accept credit cards, which is.. very strange and unconventional, to be sure, so.. be sure to carry that card with you!Had the miso and the tan tan ramen with dumplings, so good! Will definitely be back soon.Really good dishes appropriately priced with fresh ingredients. A nice addition to the Manayunk Main Street.Yummy yummy yummy!!! Have been here three times already and I still can't get enough! Truffle mushroom ramen was more then I expected. I love to add their hot miso paste to it!! Everyone is so friendly, go check it out!Not bad at all.
My boyfriend and I are avid ramen go-ers, and we've been spoiled over the years from all the easily accessible places in northern NJ. Tried a couple places ever since we moved to Philly, and most of them have been a mess (save Hiro Ramen, RIP).
@Ramen is convenient with their Manayunk location. Simple menu so far. Could definitely use a couple more starter dishes.. maybe some edamame or baos. Complimentary mushroom appetizer was tasty. Tonkatsu ramen had a strange milky appearance to the broth but was surprisingly flavorful as was the pork. Not sure why the accompanying egg wasn't placed in the ramen and instead was served as a side... and was cold.
Some few kinks to work out, but I can see myself going back here again in the future.Ok - ramen in Manayunk is probably a great idea. Very nice staff and simple but sufficient menu. But the execution is just meh although I think they may improve over time. 
We got the tantán and the shoyu. Tantán broth was good but the shoyu broth was very one-dimensional. Usually you want that depth of flavor and umami that comes from a good process. This felt more like quick ramen. The noodles are also on the cheap side although the manager told us they are getting a noodle machine to make their own. 
We'll be back in a few months to try again. If the broth had a little more depth and the noodles were more home made, it would be significantly better in my opinion.Finally, a ramen shop in Manayunk! 
This place is great! I've been back twice already in one week. 
Staff is very friendly and food is awesome! 
Definitely add their hot miso paste if you like spice like me. 
The only reason for 4 stars is due to lack of topping choices.  Only topping available is pork. 
I highly recommend.This place knows great customer service. They are so friendly and welcoming. Someone came to the table to ask our opinion on the complimentary appetizer. The ramen was great. Even my 7 year old liked it, asked for more, and if we could come back tomorrow. When we left she said, "that was a flavor explosion!"  We will definitely be back.Hands down the best ramen in a 10 mile radius. Friendly, attentive, delicious, will definitely be back, probably next weekI've been here four times now, once during the soft opening, once during their first week, then twice in the weeks following. It's always good and the prices aren't bad, however I didn't notice that after the soft opening/first week, the quality of the noodles seemed to go down. Still a fan and will come several more times.Loved dinner at this new Manayunk Ramen restaurant . The tan tan ramen was delicious, came out quickly, and the perfect serving size for an entree. The staff was friendly and the decor was simple but trendy. Can't wait to see what they do as they grow the menu!My fiance and I stopped by a few days ago for some ramen on a cold night. We both ordered the TanTan Ramen! It came out really fast which was a plus! Compared to other ramen bars we've been to they definitely give you way more vegetables and toppings which was really reallllly good! The ramen also came with a mini side dish of chive kimchi and another pickled vegetable that went really well with the dish. We also got to try their steamed dumplings which my fiance loveddd. The dumplings had a smoky taste with sweet marinated beef. And for dessert their green tea and redbean mochi ice cream gave our mouths a cold shock after eating a hot bowl of ramen which was refreshing haha
The service was impeccableee!! The staffs were all so attentive and nice! 
Would definitely come again!!
Thank you!This truly was not real ramen. They have all the ingredients of ramen but are not using them correctly. Our ramen came out lukewarm at best. It tasted like nothing special. It came out too fast for ramen first of all.  They didn't ask what noodle firmness we would like. It just wasn't an authentic ramen experience. I am extremely puzzled at the reviewers on here that gave 5 stars to the point I have to question if they are even real customers. If you're going to open a ramen place in Philadelphia area you best be better or at least comparable to Tarakawa the leader of ramen in this area.This is the one of the ramen place that I will go   Regularly. I had Donkotsu and tantan ramen here. I like it because the ramen is not salty compared to most of ramen places. I usually drink 2-3 glasses of water when i eat ramen because of saltiness(or whatever that might be), but I drank less than a glass here. Noodle is cooked just right and meats and vegetables in the ramen taste fantastic. Two side dishes tastes good as well. Food comes out fast. Love it.I've been to @Ramen at least 15 times. When they first opened I was expecting great things, I was more than over joyed to have a Ramen place only 8 minutes away from where I lived. Unfortunately, they have let me down, since they've changed their menu the quality and taste leave your taste buds wanting more flavors that scream authentic Japanese Ramen. You only get half an egg and two of the smallest pieces of pork with the Kagashima ramen (made with tonkostsu broth), and when you order extra egg they only give you an extra half and extra meat is only one slice ($1.75) as well. It's disappointing. If you really like ramen go somewhere else. The extra drive will be worth it. If you've never had ramen this would be great since the only thing you would have to compare it to is Top Ramen packets or microwaveable cups.Love the new addition to main street and the owners are great. I know their menu is still in the works but everything I had was good so far. Love that it is BYOB and local. I am excited to see what they add to the menu. Suggestion: something with a beef broth base tons of flavor!So good,  energetic owner. Buns are delicious,  and all the ramen varieties are tastyThe EAGLES bowl was Amazing. Perfectly spiced and loaded!! The kale noodles are over the top - always the perfect consistency. The service is as wonderful as the food. Great spot in Manayunk for a perfect dinner. Go hungry!!  You will love this place!!My boyfriend found this place since we are visiting Philly, and it was a cold night. The service was fast and the food came even faster! I enjoyed their Tan Tan Ramen since their noodles are cooked just right, and there is a nice balance of flavor, broth, meat, and noodles. My boyfriend had the Truffle Mushroom Ramen and you can definitely taste the truffle in the broth. I recommend getting it with the side of pork to add more protein to the dish. Overall we had a great experience with the location. And I love the anime/manga infused decorations as well, and their menu reflects the manga-esque vibe. Very creative.While the menu here is a little small, it offers a variety of different ramen styles. My favorite is the tonkotsu ramen, made with a creamy pork-based broth. They also serve pickled ginger in their ramen dishes, which is something I really enjoy. Also, their pork dumplings are very good. They are perfectly crispy on the outside - I just wish they included more than 3 in their almost $5 serving.Jason does it again! 
My wife and I are big fans of Jason's Toridasu in Ardmore and upon hearing that Jason was opening a ramen restaurant we jumped at the opportunity to try it. The menu is straightforward, easy to read and pick from. The ramen is incredible and the prices are reasonable. 
I love the atmosphere of Jason's restaurants; laid back and casual with amazing food. It's like going to your childhood friend's house, but it's that friend whose parents make the BEST food, so you get to hang out AND get some good eats in the process.
Our family has already made a habit out of eating at Jason's Toridasu, and we are about to start an @Ramen habit now too.
Kudos to Jason and his folks for putting this together.Yes. Just in time for winter. Manyunk, you're okay. Solid ramen-ya closer than CC or west philly. I plan to try everything in their menu. The dumplings are great- a bit unruly for the chopstick disinclined but still... try it out folks. Hands down best dinner on a cold night.Went here for a quick lunch.  Narrow spot on Main Street that had a good amount of available seating for a Friday lunch before the holiday.  
The menu is super basic which is a good thing.  It's about 5 ramen bowl choices and a a few different apps.  The price point starts at 11 bucks a bowl.  The Tan Tan ramen was on point.  A milky spicy broth with some diced ground pork I knew it was going to be a hit from others pictures and it was.  
We also got the dumplings which seem to be made fresh daily.  Not fried but boiled.  Worth a visit to check out and might even be back given the lack of diverse cuisine on Main Street.Amazing food. The owners are great. The food is wonderful. The ramen is flavorful and delicious. And the dumplings are a must try - probably my favorite dumplings I've ever eaten and I'm quite picky in what dumplings I consider phenomenalWas so excited when this opened because I am obsessed with ramen and live right across the street. Their website and phone number were not working which was weird but I chalked that up to being brand new.
Ordered the tonkotsu and was so disappointed. The broth was kinda like a watered down, cloudy looking chicken broth and when I asked if they had soft boiled eggs the waiter told me to "go to Chinatown or the mall because that's an American thing". Umm ok?  Others in my party ordered the shoyu and the miso broth with the kale noodles.  The latter was the best tasting one but still not up to par with what I expect at a Ramen place. If you are looking for thick, slow cooked tasty broth with yummy soft boiled eggs (think Ippudo in NYC) try Ramen bar in University City or I guess, according to the waiter, Chinatown or the mall.I came here with my boyfriend for dinner on a date night and we were both craving good ramen. The restaurant is cute and spacious on the inside. The service ok and the food was ok. Definitely not the best ramen I've had in philly. The flavor of the noodles was ok but the texture of the noodles was a little firmer than I prefer.
Overall, this was an ok dining experience. However, I would go to Chinatown if you're looking for really good ramen.This is something Manayunk has been missing. I feel like it's a hidden gem. The staff is friendly and the food is amazing. I love that the people cooking and helping the customers are all Japanese too. I've tried to learn a few Japanese words to show my appreciation to their culture. Obsessed with this placeThe ramen was nasty, especially the $14 bowl. It was very sour and not very satisfying. Takoyaki was unpleasant to my tastebuds, and very slimyTried it for the first time and glad I did. Food is good and will definitely will go back.I have been here multiple times and I have never been disappointed. This place is run by Koreans, gives a little Korean twist with their choice of vegetables that they add to their ramen. They accept card only because the owner wants to be up front with any investors to show how the business does and it also makes it easier to do so with all card transactions.
Normally my friends and I get their boiled dumplings as appetizers, which come in chicken, pork, or beef. All are good, especially with their dipping sauce. It is full of flavor and the sauce really complements the dumplings. Normally I preferred fried over boiled, but this place has their boiled on point. Perfect meat to vegetable ratio in these dumplings. I give them a 4.5 out of 5 for this. 
Today I came on my own and tried out the pork buns, which they didn't have the last few time I came. Their pork bun isn't bad they stuff it with a lot of veggies. I am just disappointed that the slice of pork they put in it is so thin. Most other place give a much thicker slice of pork in their buns. The sauce they use gives the bun a slight, very minor sour taste in my opinion that I am not the bigger fan of. The steam bun itself is not as soft as I would like it. Overall more of a solid 3 stars out of 5.
I also ordered the Tan Tan ramen with added three pieces of toast pork. The ramen over all is the perfect amount of spicy. Their broth is great. Bad broth is what can make any ramen no matter the other ingredients in your bowl go south, definitely not the case here. The roast pork is very savory. Only thing is their egg is more like a normal hard boiled egg then a marinated egg you find in most ramen. However, it is still good. Over all I give my ramen a 4.5 out of 5.
My friends and I have also had in the past the Tonkotsu, Shoyu, and Truffle Mushroom Ramen. All of which had amazing flavor and no compliments from any of us. All their Ramens are filling and perfect for a cold or rainy day.We tried @Ramen for the first time and were not disappointed! Awesome food and really wonderful service. Such a great addition to Main Street- definitely going to become regulars here.Excellent Ramen! 
Noodles and Pork cooked perfectly!
Broth is delicious and not overpowering in anyway, while still flavorful and delicious. Toppings on the side are perfect if you want to add a little kick.
I'll be eating a lot here once it's cold out. $11 for a healthy, delicious and filling meal.....I'm in!Excellent!!!! The place is beautiful, the soups are tasty, portions are generous and attention is superb 
Great to have this option in Manayunk!!Nice place for a quick meal.  The broth is delicious.  They provide us with a big spoon to eat all the broth!  Friendly and quick service.  Will definitely keep coming back.Excellent and reasonably priced. Great service also. The food is just as good if not better than Han Dynasty across the street. I wouldn't be surprised if they open up 5 more of these in the next two years. Definitely recommend everyone checking this place out.Glad there's finally a ramen place in the yunk- and it's good! Only downside is portions - give us more please ! (Compared to Terakawa Ramen in Chinatown, which is our usual spot)This review deserves brutal honesty, so let's get right into it. @Ramen is located in Manayunk PA (Nice Town BTW). I like the logo, and the interior of the restaurant which is the only top ten ESPN highlight here. I ordered the Tonkotsu, and my friends ordered the Tan Tan, and the Miso Ramen. I have experienced Ramen all over the Tri State area, and immediately this became the most disappointing Ramen restaurant I've ever attended. 
The Food -The noodles had a cooked cold feel, the broth possessed no flavor. This dish appeared to taste like warm microwaved evaporated milk. The Tan Tan had the same affect (not spicy at all), and the Miso tasted like an expired chicken bullion cube sitting around on the shelf with the package left open. Both Ramen bowls were lukewarm to cold. Also the pork tasted like it was left out over night or a week old. 
The service - No complaints with the service, but I did notice the water appeared to be dirty with debris floating at the top of my glass.
In Closing - @Ramen needs to revamp all of their recipes immediately or they will not be around this time next year. Also to be clear this was the worst ramen establishment I've ever been to in regards to food quality, and taste. I am surprised of the positive feedback @Ramen has received which I believe does not deserve. If I were to send out the dishes served to customers, I would be completely embarrassed, and @Ramen should be. Ramen served in a cup, and all other inexpensive Ramen pumped with sodium sold in packages excelled over the dishes served @Ramen. I hope this review assists @Ramen to improve their products. I'm sure when anyone opens a business the people employed believe in their product. This is nice location for @Ramen, change needs to happen immediately for them to succeed.Gathering a group of friends, we decided Ramen was for dinner. Short of going into center city, there aren't many options.
     To start, we had a short wait and they were able to sit six of us fairly quickly. The menu is fairly limited, but it hits the key points. Sometimes the lack of excessive choices is good.
     I started with an order of the pork dumplings and beef dumplings. Not overly seasoned, but a decent filling and nice dipping sauce. They seemed to be filled with seasoned meat, some chives, and some glass noodles. Fairly average dumplings.
     For my ramen, I went with the tonkotsu, then added the egg and two chicken dumplings. The good: the noodles had a great texture, nice chew. The pork was also good, the right amount of tenderness without being too soft. Simply seasoned and tasty. The ok: the chicken dumplings didn't add much, but similar to the other dumplings. The pickled ginger and pickled sides (a small plate of slightly spicy chives and mustard greens to add in) added a nice sour/bitter edge. This helped because while it had some of that creaminess you want from a pork broth, the flavor was kind of flat. Now at least it wasn't overly salty, but there wasn't any complexity to the broth. It's like it was missing something. The "meh": there was some cabbage and bok choy added into the soup as well. Very bland. Really, just imagine adding steamed veggies that clearly aren't cooked in anything.
     Overall, if you're looking for ramen and not wanting to deal with city traffic, you'll get an ok meal. I'd go back for the convenient location, but there was nothing particularly impressive about the food.We were a hungry group of four girls who all left extremely satisfied. The Ramen and everything in it was fresh and warm and delicious. I ordered the Tonkotsu by default as it's a favourite for me and I wasn't disappointed. There was nothing to complain about as far as service went. The environment was exactly what you want when you go to eat Ramen soup, Japanese inspired, and they even have fun little Japanese sodas which you must try simply for the fun on it!Recommend!!
I like their beef dumplings ' it taste so good! 
They have a special spicy sauce for ramen, I love it! You should try if you like spicy food!
The food come out quick and service is nice. 
I got Dan Dan ramen and it tastes so good!Delicious! Went here to try it out, and we left very full and very happy. The portions are pretty big, so I was happy to enjoy it the next day for lunch. We also got the beef dumpling appetizer, which was very good, and the sauce that comes with it made it perfect. The waiter was very friendly and helpful when we asked him about the menu. It's also BYOB! We will for sure go back to try other items.When I first saw the sign for a ramen place in the yunk, I thought FINALLY!! I don't have to drive to center city or west Philly anymore (or fly to Japan)! However, I must say, this non-Japanese owned ramen joint was disappointing. 
We tried 2 different broths, and both were pretty BLAND and lacked depth. Legit ramen broth should be packed with deep flavors from the hours of boiling. Tonkotsu here tasted like the flavor came from DAIRY instead of the bones, and miso ramen tasted like... miso soup. Also, I'm pretty sure my dumplings were still partially frozen. 
 I still give 4 stars for the ambiance, service, and dear hope that this place stays open long enough to better their recipe and stick around, because honestly right now, the food stinks.We had a great experience at @Ramen! Attentive service and reasonable prices, complemented by hearty portions and tasty ramen. We tried the Tonkotsu and Tan Tan ramen, both had great flavor. The Tan Tan is a little spicy! The Tonkotsu has a rich (but light) creamy broth that's super satisfying. We also enjoyed the steamed dumplings - a great light appetizer.The tan tan ramen is FIRE. So good! I'm new to the area and this is my favorite ramen spot! The customer service is wonderful and the atmosphere is chill.Great to have this reasonably priced place so close by.  Be sure and give the ramen a chance to let the flavors blend !!  Order dumplings to occupy some time.  They won't rush you.  Service is as sweet as can be.  You feel like a valued customer.