Small store that looks like a complete hole in the wall but the food was solid and the quality of the ingredients seemed very fresh.Avoid at ALL costs. Especially anything with shrimp or the "lobster". It smelled so expired, i couldn't even take a night. Soooo disguising. I never like wasting food and I'm never this guy, but honestly, this was the worst Chinese I've ever had.Since I live close to A Lin I tend to order from there often. It's not always consistent. I guess depending on who is cooking, the food will be good or bad. Since my last review I've ordered crab rangoon, fried chicken wings (plain and with buffalo sauce), tofu with Chinese veggies, chicken with Chinese veggies, and beef with mushrooms. Sometimes I get old or spoiled veggies in my dishes, which is disappointing and questionable. Crab rangoon needs more filling. Fried chicken wings are good plain (soggy with buffalo sauce), tofu (fried) with Chinese veggies and chicken with Chinese veggies are good, and beef with mushrooms was disappointing (meat was too thick and sauce was weird. It was thick and tasted like it was from a bottle without any real flavor). Spring rolls (fried) were ok (too greasy).The food is always good here. I really like their lo mein. Tried the general tso's chicken, kung po chicken combo. The portion is really big, it's all okay but I mostly taste salt over any other flavors. The meat and veggies are pretty fresh, so I'm not worried about getting food poisoning here. Haven't tried the American food here, but I will probably order more Chinese in the future.Solid take out food.Flavorful lo mein. Fresh tasting veggies and meat. Quick delivery. I've gotten them 3 or 4 times now and have been happy with my food each time.Ordered here for lunch and the delivery came on time. The portions you get are a decent size for lunch special and it's very filling. For the price of $6.50, I got the four seasons lunch special with chicken fried rice and wonton soup. I'd say that's pretty cheap. Even though the food lacked good flavor, I would still order from here again bc I got what I paid for.  I would recommend this to anyone who's just craving Chinese food for cheap.A Lin's is great for fast Chinese!! We usually get the Chicken & Broccoli, Chicken Lo Mien and Wonton Soup. They're all delicious and comes rather quickly when I have it delivered.Not bad not great. Just okay. Lacking flavor but okay for delivery. Will have to keep looking for my regular Chinese delivery restaurant. Great prices though! Favorite item was the chicken lo mein.i ordered teriyaki chicken skewers and broccoli in garlic sauce last night. it was really good and didn't taste like it was loaded with salt. the flavors were good ! the delivery came in less time that they quoted me and it was very reasonably priced for the portionsWe wanted normal Chinese and this fit the bill perfectly. No complaints. Arrived on time. Food was good. FYI the spicy isn't really spicy so if that is what you want highly recommend asking for it.I oredered the Hot and Spicey Beef, I was very pleased it was very tasty, I requested it be medium and they followed instructions perfectly.....I will definitely be ordering again.Food is always really good and piping hot when it arrives. Reasonable pricing. I've not had a bad experience with them yet. Will definitely continue to order from them!I am usually really skeptical of any Chinese restaurant that also offers "American food" however this place is pretty legit and does a few dishes very well. As other reviews have mentioned the lo mein is fantastic. The shrimp are fresh. There sweet and sour shrimp is well done with a light crisp batter. The sauce is not the syrupy sweet sauce that you normally get. On a similar note, the egg rolls are great and you can get their homemade hot mustard which is great and really hot. Delivery is quick and portions are large.I order from here all the time through Grubhub. They have late hours to accommodate my late night cravings. Delivery is always early. The food is always good. I am a fan of their vegetarian options like the General Tso Tofu. The Lo Mein is really good also. Definitely a place worth checking out if your a big fan of delivery like me.We ordered a variety of items and they were all delicious and fresh! The rice was cooked perfect, sometimes it can be dry but this wasn't ! The sautéed broccoli from the veggie menu was amazing ! We will be ordering from here againWhen you get delivery, open it, take a bite...and then immediately think "damn, I should've just cooked" is one of the worst feelings. I ordered the shrimp ho fun and it was so bland I had salvage the dish by adding seasoning salt and a healthy splash of liquid aminos. Something clearly went wrong and I think it was the early addition of shredded cabbage and lettuce, which have a high water content, and ultimately ended up watering down the rest of the flavors of the other ingredients of the dish. Also, no napkins were in the bag and we ordered two dishes but only got two soy sauces. Hoping I have better luck elsewhere.Solid Chinese delivery service. Scallion pancakes are excellent as is the wonton soup. Convenient quick delivery. Will definitely use again.the delivery guy was rude. since i ordered on grub hub, you can add tip on the app when u checkout. he said "no tip" and i said the tip was included and he said "no" considering i paid money, im pretty sure i know what i paid. but thanks.I ordered the hot and spicy beef. It's a little spicy but very hot. The food was cooked right when I ordered it. It was very tasty and the price cannot be beat. The lunch portion is good considering I couldn't finish it. My new to go place. Lunch specials end at 3pm. I'll definitely be stopping by on the regular.Consistently my go too spot for delivery. Not only does the food come in a fashionable time, it's also delicious. I get the General Tao's or the Sesame's Chicken with an egg roll! Everything comes with rice and it's always hot and always on point! 
I will use this place as the go to Chinese delivery spot!First time while placing the order got hung up on and had received the answer "I don't know" when asking for the total.. finally ordered the food and it took about 2 hours for the food to arrive .8 of a mile away.. horrible service and even worst customer satisfactionPretty great Chinese spot. I got the crab Rangoon's , sesame chicken, and boneless spare ribs. The crab Rangoon's are the best I've had from all the Chinese restaurants I've ordered from. The sesame chicken was super flavorful and the boneless ribs my boyfriend had were great as well. They are open late which is a great thing if you have a night out and looking for some grub. The delivery was average 30-45 mins. I will be definitely ordering from here again.I'm very picky with my Chinese takeout! This was my first time ordering and I was very very happy with my purchase definitely will be ordering from you again. BUT - you didn't leave a menu  I highly recommend to leave menus the next time you deliver, besides that it was great  thank you for making my chicken extra crispy lolAbove average regular Chinese. And they're in South Philly, so prices are cheaper. Soup broth was very good and genuine. Food seasoned well and good fresh veggies. Better than average egg rolls. Will be back.I ordered here through the app DoorDash (my first time using the app). I chose this particular restaurant because it had great reviews, especially those praising fast delivery and order accuracy. Delivery was fast and the food was tasty, but my order was missing items. 
I ordered the sesame chicken combo platter with pork fried rice and my roommate ordered steamed dumplings. The combo platter is supposed to come with an egg roll, which I did not get. I also got white rice instead of pork fried rice. I was REALLLY craving pork fried rice, so this was a major let down :(
My roommate said the dumplings were tasty, but had minimal filling. The sesame chicken was delicious. Overall, the food was good... but I am disappointed to have not received the full order I paid for.
I recommend the place based on the food's taste(it was yummmmmy sesame chicken), but I would recommend picking up the order yourself so you can make sure they included everything you paid for.Better than average Chinese takeout a block from the house. They seem to make many things in house as opposed to the many places that get stuff like dumplings from some central source. Solid food, ready  on time when you don't want to cook.Some of better Chinese food I've had in South Philly. Delivery was on time. But they forgot fortune cookies. You never forget the fortune cookies.Delivery is fast. The kind of egg rolls you dream about.  Crab Rangoon to die for.  I'm a big scallion pancake fan and was not disappointed.  It isn't all sunshine and rainbows, not overly thrilled with the pork dumplings (fries or steamed); they just didn't do it for me, a bit doughy.  Overall a top notch option for Chinese food.  Good price, fast delivery, quality food.My favorite Chinese food fix.
They have the best wonton dumplings in a sweet spicy peanut sauce. I order this every time! You would never think to order this on the menu but it is insanely worth it!
All of the other food has been amazing as well. They are open pretty late on weekends, they are my go-to!I like A Lin. It's clean food they listen to small requests and they give you utensils and extra sauces. Food is good and they never mess up my order. My go to China spotSo far, the food is good and the price is right. It's a great spot when you have a bunch of folks over and want to try a little bit of everything.Trying to find a good take out chinese restaurant. Read the reviews and gave it a try. Food was fresh and not salty or greesy. Now my new south philly go to place. Good food and resonable.We've been ordering takeout from A Lin for quite some time now and it's usually really good.  We've noticed that the food is better after 5 pm for some odd reason.  Maybe it's a different and better cook in the evening hours.  When we ordered lunch it always tastes different than when ordered after about 5pm.  The food is usually really tasty .  I've never posted a review even though we do like eating here.  They always deliver within the time they post on Grub Hub and it's always hot and they have never messed up the order or forgot something.  We just now only order after 5 pm. .  I'm writing this review because last night it was raining and it was a Friday night so we kinda figured it would take longer than the 45 minutes it usually takes, and it it took much longer. An hour and half. I had to call twice to see what was going on with our order.  They finally showed up and amazingly it was still hot!  But for the first time they forgot something.  They forgot one of the sauces that comes with the crab Rangoon, which is the best crab Rangoon takeout in this whole city!  But it's just not the same without the sweet sauce! So I called them and told them that it wasn't in the bag. I asked if they could bring it to me and they said ok. So I figured it would take a long time.  To my surprise they showed up about 10 minutes later with the sauce and a whole new order of crab Rangoon! It wasn't even the driver, it was the girl I spoke to on the phone.  I can't believe they did that.  So shocked and pleased because We really love their food at A Lin Kitchen.  They get 10     from us!I keep ordering delivery from here - it's so good. Their Lo Mein is legit the best I've ever had. Everything else is always pretty great too, highly recommend.Good standard Chinese. I have had some really bad delivery around here, but you can't go wrong. Veggies are crisp and fresh. Not too much goopy sauce. Ordered delivery and it came on time with a friendly delivery guy. General Tsao's Chicken and vegetable lo mein were really good! Dumplings were very thick. Wanton soup had nice flavor and plenty of wantons, good texture. I would for sure order from here againThey do Chinese food right. I get the spare ribs, fried rice, and wonton soup every time. Very reliable and cheap. Best Chinese place I've found in the city so farGood food, reasonably priced. Our delivery woman was awesome. She realized our drink was missing and went back to get it for us!Delicious and consistent Chinese take out restaurant.  I usually pick up my food and it is always ready early.  Plus, the food is always hot.  Excellent General Tso's Chicken and Chicken with Garlic Sauce.  Both dishes are the perfect blend of sweet, savory and garlicky.  I also like the Kung Pao Chicken, but I like the chicken cubed versus sliced.  The flavor is still excellent.  The best part is that this place is consistent, unlike a lot of Chinese places.  This is my new go-to Chinese take out!A solid Chinese joint for takeout.Ordered General Tso's and Hot and Sour Soup during COVID.  Delivery service was great.  Chicken was average, and hot and sour soup was some of the blandest I have had.Crab Rangoon are absolutely 10/10 and best I've had in Philly. I've lived here for years and never found ANY that I liked except here.The service at this restaurant is terrible. Their customer service is abysmal.  My fiancée placed an order over the phone they gave us 15 mins till the food would be complete. When I arrived I was told no such order exist. I told she must be mistaken. She Proceeded to ignore me and go back to working instead of trying to fix the situation with me.Unbeknownst to her I've ordered from this place  numerous times.But due to being so rude They have lost my patronage and the patronage of any of my Colleagues.  Horrible customer serviceThis is some of the worst Chinese food I've had, unfortunately. The sauce on the sesame chicken was fine, but it was majority breading with very little chicken. We could only eat one or two pieces and had to throw the rest away. We found a pretty sizable hair in the rice. We ordered beef chow mein and it was just beef with onions seeped in sauce - no noodles. We called to say we got the wrong item and they said chow mein isn't noodles (?). We had to throw it out because the beef was so chewy. The scallion pancakes were extremely thick, and no where near what a scallion pancake should be. The spare ribs were probably the best item we ordered but they were fairly dry. I had to give one star because two dishes weren't edible. The food is very inexpensive (around $40 including tip, tax, and delivery fee for 6 items), but I would rather pay a little more for food I can actually eat. I won't return.Our new go to Chinese delivery restaurant. We ordered dinner on a Thursday night. Delivery was fast and everything came hot. The Sweet and Sour Chicken we ordered was still extremely crispy, as was the Sesame Chicken and Crab Rangoon. The Sesame Chicken was honestly the best I have ever had from a delivery restaurant. You can taste the sesame oil in the sauce, but it's not overpowering - not an easy task when working with sesame oil. I definitely recommend it. Can't wait to try their other dishes!Quick delivery and tasty meal. The Szechuan chicken had good flavor and the crab rangoon were perfectly fried little crab and cream cheese pouches :)Friday night, we decided on Chinese Take Out. There are so many near us. So we order from this one. Shrimp Lo Mein, Hot and sour soup large, Kung Pao Chicken. The shrimp in the lo mein was so shriveled, it looked like dry shrimp. The hot and sour soup looked tan with absolutely no flavor and poured like jello. This was one of the worst American Chinese Food we have ever had. The order came with no napkins and no utensils. Never againFor the last 6+ years I've been searching for the best lomein in the city.  As of last week, I don't have to look any further.  A Lin Kitchen's shrimp lo mein was the perfect combination of flavor, little grease and just heaven. Lots of shrimp and I couldn't stop eating it.  The lomein alone I'd give 10 stars to, but the rest of the meal was good, but not great so 4 stars overall.  The won ton soup was average and so were the spring rolls.  The spring rolls had vermicelli noodles in them.  My husband got the general tso chicken.  The flavor was good but not spicy and wasn't crispy.  (The lack of crispiness may be from delivery so we'll try it again once we can dine in). 
Overall if you're looking for solid Chinese or are craving lomein- look no further and definitely order the lomein!Loved this place til I picked up food last week and nobody, including the people cooking, had a mask on.I will definitely order again. The wontons in their soup had a great amount of meat in them and I got plenty of them in my soup. The food was good and on time.A dependable delivery.  Pot stickers  are delish.  
I like the chicken and pork dishesWish i could leave 0 stars. Ordered take out. No flavor, worst pad Thai and drunken noodles we have ever had, when we called the restaurant and they were rude, actually hung up on us. Do not order here, we tried to make it right but horrible customer service and really not good food.Half way through my order I found the leg of a insect in my meal. I have no words, not only am I disgusted I'm sick to my stomach. Needless to say I will never order from them again.Threw the order out. 
I couldn't even revive it, that's how terrible it was.
You have one job. Don't bother offering takeout if your food is not cooked properly & you're not going to follow instructions. What if we had an allergy ? You're just ripping people off during a pandemic. Straight up, hope this wasn't your mother's recipe. She would slap you lol Lean Cuisine does a better job. Take some pride in your work. Close earlier if that means your kitchen is going to slack. Whole meal taste like it was thrown together in five minutes, in a microwave. Find a new career, this isn't the first time.Think twice about A Lin Kitchen.  Food is just ok;  Customer Service BAD!  .  Sending the warning out, I don't have energy to to write the missel, too hungry,In my constant quest for good delivery chinese food I came across reviews for A Lin Kitchen. I ordered through the Yelp app. Delivery was quick, around 30 mins. I ordered hot and sour soup, egg drop soup, chicken with broccoli and shrimp in garlic sauce. The soups were yummy and hot. The shrimp in garlic sauce was really delicious. The chicken with broccoli was just ok. However, i would recommend them for delivery!Not the best food but at least their order accuracy and speedy delivery make up for the average-ness of the food. But this is your typical corner Chinese joint...what are you expecting?My favorite go to delivery Chinese food. Food always comes quick, accurately, and most importantly, delicious. Their Crab Rangoon is the best I've had in the city. The General Saos combo is my go to meal. I didn't get fortune cookies with my order, which was disappointing, but the food was so good that I didn't take any stars away.All of my go to Chinese food places have been letting me down. Ordered from here and I'm seriously impressed. House special fried rice and chicken and garlic sauce. The garlic sauce was actually spicy and flavorful and the veggies were very fresh. The rice had real shrimp, chicken and crispy onions and veg.