Walked in on a whim based upon its good reviews on yelp. Chicken and broccoli was all white meat, but had no taste at all and was over priced, $7.00 for a small order. It was okay but I won't be rushing back soon.Not the best Chinese , super disappointed. Hot and sour soup was blah with minimal mushrooms and overloaded with crappy quality tofu. Dumplings were burned and a very weird green color. Veggies inside were bland and soggy. Lo Mein wasn't bad, but won't order from here again.Meh.
Ordered a small beef and broccoli to go. Service was friendly enough but I hate places that require a minimum credit card purchase - ugh. (At A Mandarin the minimum is $10.)
Walked out with the beef and broccoli (which included rice) and three canned drinks, so I could meet the credit card minimum. 
Rice was mushy and sad. Broccoli was fine, beef was bleggh. I ate a little and ditched my plan to eat the leftovers for lunch - I gave it to my boyfriend.I'm surprised to read the last review!   This is your basic chinese food delivery, although their chicken is particularly good quality and everything seems really fresh.  I am a huge fan of the dumplings.
The thing that makes me call this place is that they are so freakin' nice, lIke the nicest  place I've ever called for takeout.  Then they guy who brings the food is really nice too.A Mandarin Restaurant messed up my order and made no attempt to rectify the situation.  The food is okay, but to me, customer service should be a top priority and I was sadly disappointed with the service we received.
Today, I ordered lunch for a group of friends.  The woman ordering had a very difficult time understanding me -- both the address and the items ordered -- so I made sure she repeated everything to be sure it was correct.  Unfortunately, when it arrived, they had substituted one dish I ordered with something completely different.  When I called back, they said, yes we know -- the delivery person is on his way back to exchange it.
After waiting another 1/2 hour with no sign of said delivery, I called back again.  At this point, I spoke with the manager.  She repeated the order, but with the wrong item instead of what I ordered.  I explained to her that I did NOT order that and wanted my item instead.  She asked if I wanted to pay cash or credit!  I said that, no, I should not have to pay extra for something I should have received in the first place.
To make matters worse, the order slip was written up in Chinese with no English translation, so I have no idea what I was or wasn't charged for.  After adding everything else up, it turned out that they DID charge me for the wrong item even though she said they didn't.  
To make a long story short, I would not order delivery from this place again.  I would consider dining in or take out -- but would carefully check my order.  Or better yet -- there are enough other mediocre Chinese restaurants in Center City to order from, so I would try someplace else.Mandarin is on speed-dial in my phone (at least the iPhone equivalent of speed-dial). They are my neighborhood Chinese place. I love their chicken with eggplant, and the lady who works there is so sweet.
They have a bunch of tables, but it seems most people do take-out, so if you decide to eat in, you pretty much have the place to yourself. No waiting!I ordered delivery today of hot and sour soup, which was good, spare ribs which they didn't have, Kung Pao Chicken which was alright but the chicken tasted undercooked, Roast Pork with Snow Peas which was great, loved the flavor of the pork, and Red Bean Ice Cream was I enjoyed. The food came quickly, faster than expected. I basically got the most popular items and would order that Pork again,going down fast-still ok food and I mean just ok. It's edible good but not like it used to be...They started cutting corners and recipes that used to boast "all white meat " now are dark meat and taste different..Watch out for large orders, they offer specials and discounts and may not tell you about them, even if you are a good customerWe walked by this place and decided to give it a try.  The ambiance is simple and somewhat lacking, but the Chinese food was solid.  Overall it was a slightly above average Chinese restaurant.  The prices were pretty cheap as well.  I would visit it again, but it wasn't good enough to go out of my way for it. The staff was pleasant and nice.Service is horrible here, the general tso chicken has no flavor and give me a stomach acheMy go-to neighborhood spot
Always fresh ingredients
hands down the BEST general tsos chicken 
one of the cleanest Chinese restaurant
you can sit in or order delivery and the service is consistantPad Thai at a Chinese place? YES !!! Try it. You'll be shocked just as I was.The best part about this place is that they have great chinese food AND great Thai options! I go back and forth between A Mandarin and Jojo's a block away and A Mandarin seems to do better overall among groups I've ordered with. At the very least, it's more consistent in the quality of food. They have a large menu with both chinese and thai food (which to me usually means both will be mediocre) yet everything is good. I particularly like their Pad Thai and their mango chicken. With a few good options in the neighborhood (I would add Square on Square to the list as well) this place holds it's own. Oh and the staff is super friendly which wins me over if you're dining in or going in for take-out.I always request white meat chicken.  Here, that is no problem, they only use white meat chicken.  Everything that we have had has been A+, especially the spring rolls.  If you eat in, they give free ice cream.  Delivery is quick and the delivery person is very friendly, as is everyone here.Standard poor Americanized Chinese food. Not good. Mall Chinese food is 10 times better. Try something else.The worst restaurant ever. They don't even wash the vegetables. My mouth is full of sand. Apparently, their meal is cheap for a reason.The best Chinese food I've ever had. I know there's probably places just as good in the city, but not for this price. The food is always fresh, the chicken always tastes like actual chicken. The girls that work there are always nice. I've been going here for close to two years and it's ruined all other Chinese food for me. I absolutely recommend it. Great lunch spot when you're in town.You know what - they deserve the full 5 stars.  First of all, everyone who works here is really friendly, even the delivery people.  It honestly makes me want to support their business more.
The food may be Americanized-Chinese, but there's some really solid dishes here. The shrimp watercress dumplings are amazing and I've never even seen this dish at a dim sum place.  The hot & sour soup is also great and so are several of the vegetarian dishes.
Sure, some things are a miss, but I would expect that with such a large menu.  For example, while I mentioned the shrimp dumplings and vegetarian dishes being good, oddly the vegetable dumplings are not great.  I would recommend giving a few dishes a try and seeing what works for you.  Definitely recommended.I was taking N to Devil's Alley for lunch and I was tired of walking so, I suggested we have some chinese instead. My lomein was average and N hated his lemon chicken. I think it is one of the few lemon-XX that disappointed him so much. he practically didn't eat anything. 
When N saw Devil's alley in the next block, N was def mad at me. He could have had a nice burger instead haha.I had a craving for General Tso's Chicken and stopped in here.  The food was good and nicely portioned.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I'll visit again.Dude, this place was gnarly bad. Seriously, didn't think a place could mess up already bad Chinese food...but they found a way how! I ordered pineapple chicken... and it was actually a yam sized sliver of "chicken" that was pounded flat, way over fried and on a bed of wilted lettuce? We both got super sick from eating here... so if you're thinking of eating here......don't.Actually went for lunch today with fellow Yelper, Karen F.  She is as cool in person as she is in her reviews!
Good food, very inexpensive and very fresh.  Their luncheon specials include soup, rice and an entree.  I had spicey chicken with scallops, and it was quite good.  Very fresh veggies, and generous amounts of chicken & scallops.  H&S soup was also good, nice broth, and not the "glue" you get in some places.   Not the best I've ever had; still very nice, and certainly good enough to warm me up on a damp,chilly day.  Service was excellent, probably because there were very few people in the restaurant  Total for the 2 of us was @ $16, not including tip.  
I like the fact that it is clean, not overly "fake Chinese-ified", and close to the office.  The food tastes fresh.  It's nice to have another good lunch option available in our immediate work neighborhood.  As The Arnold says:  "I'll be back!"!This is the go to spot for Americanized Chinese delivery and takeout.  Yea, it's way too sugary etc, but it's best of the breed.bad bad bad- who are these people giving it four stars? that's crazy. i've eaten better chinese food out of the garbage. (true story)The best general tso's chicken in the city without going to a high end restaurant. Perfectly crispy with good sauce. Comes with a good soup and free chinese chips and sauce. Out of 6 normal type chinese places I've tried this is the restaurant I always recommend for the best general tso's etc. I can't vouch for the rest of the menu though, I haven't tried anything else here ;)Horrific. Used to be a staple of mine until the woman decided that she was going to crazy on me because THEY SENT ME THE WRONG ORDER?! Number one, for what you get - this place can be considered pricey. A box of steamed vegetables is $14.. Easy. Add shrimp is like $20. Used to order quite frequently until the wrong order was sent and apparently "she was too busy and if I want a special order I can  order from someplace else" she decided to yell at me over the phone. They did eventually send the right order which I was too scared to eat as I spent the 45 min waiting for that correct order day dreaming of the disgusting things they may have done to correct "special" order. I have never been yelled at by a restaurant before - horrible customer service. Never again.Worst food I have eaten in Philly. Orange chicken had essentially no sauce and wasn't even warm. Egg rolls had clearly not been fried hot enough - they were sopping with grease and not crunchy. But the mushu tofu was where things really went wrong - it was completely inedible. I'm pretty tolerant, especially with cheap delivery food, but we threw the mushu away. I don't even know how to describe it - it was basically pure cabbage with no other vegetables, and tasted like it had been boiled for a week in a trash can.
Maybe there are other better options on their menu, but we will not be giving them another try.I ordered from their lunch menu, General Tso Chicken, Fried Chicken Wings, and Shrimp and Broccoli. It was so underwhelming. The fried chicken was disgusting, it looked lie road kill.  It had to have been refried a few times for it to look the way it did and taste as dry as it did. The General Tso Chicken was bland, I asked for it spicy...it came with a few chili peppers just thrown in. My boyfriend was not impressed by the overwhelming amount of rice and the ration of shrimp in the shrimp and broccoli. We didn't even finish eating it all of it. We threw it out, with no regrets.I have a dumpling obsession and most cheap chinese places in Philly just don't cut it. This place has several different dumpling varieties and all of them are delicious! This is where all my chinese dumplings needs will be met.Ordered this place through Grubhub and was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the general tso chicken and fried dumplings and loved it!  The chicken was nice and crispy and all ingredients the fried rice tasted fresh (rather than frozen like most places)Added bonus... They delivered within 20 minutesI recently moved into this neighborhood and I decided to try this place because I was craving for some Korean Fried Chicken and Sammy Chon's KTOWN BBQ was not taking orders (I think they've closed). I decided that Chinese fried chicken was the second best thing. I decided to take a risk and skip over places I knew I could get a decent product from and went for this restaurant. The order was roast pork with snow peas and the appetizer fried chicken. Let me just say, that I find it very difficult to believe anybody could screw up roast pork with snow peas. However, this wouldn't be the first time that I've had a terrible roast pork dish... as inconceivable as it remains to me. 
Both dishes were absolutely awful. The roast pork wasn't very good to begin with, the snow peas were okay, but the whole thing was slopped into a bucket of this terrible gloopy dark brown sauce which made it all difficult to get down. After eating a tiny bit of this, I threw it away and ordered Al Zaytouna's instead so I could have something fresh tasting to cleanse.I've eaten here twice: first time the shrimp with mixed veggies was good and even had asparagus in it which was a nice surprise; however the beef with brocolli was of much lower quality -- the beef was unusually soft and the sauce was watery and lacked flavor (I'm sure the chicken is better).  The Hot and Sour soup was good both times.Back in December I had a terrible cold. I really wanted some soup delivered directly to me. I read Deann's review and said "hey, that's me, too." So I ordered then. It was fine, I wasn't really in a place to critique since my sense of taste was severely inhibited. 
Tonight, I was kinda hungry for Chinese food and this was the first menu I could find. I weighed my options. I didn't really want something like sweet and sour chicken or tso's chicken, which is what'd normally order, I guess. I looked over the menu and I thought "I am going to go out on a limb, and order something really different." 
This time I ordered the following: an egg roll, 10 ingredients noodle soup, and the four seasons specialty dish. Admittedly, the egg roll was crappy.  That's what I get for choosing something in my comfort zone.
But that soup! It was the dopest soup I have ever had. I'll have to ask when I order it again, but I think one of the ten ingredients was awesomeness. The other ingredients included baby bok choy, straw mushrooms, carrots, baby corn, chicken, pork, and shrimp (slightly overcooked, but it was likely cooking during the delivery). The broth was flavorful, but more importantly not salty.
The Four Seasons was great as well. Pork, beef, chicken, and shrimp (this shrimp was perfect). The sauce was flavored with ginger, sesame oil, and soy sauce. The dish was loaded with toothsome fresh veggies. I was swooning at my dinner table.
The total was kinda expensive: it came to 21 bucks for three items. But I have probably enough left over for two meals. So that isn't too bad. And it was delivered in exactly 33 minutes.
Oh, and they threw in a can of ginger ale for free. How did they know I love ginger ale?Great service with terrible food.
Must Haves:
-N/A
Pros:
-Great friendly service
Cons:
-Food is terrible
Quick Tips:
-Don't come
The service was really great here.  I was greeted promptly, and they really tried to make the experience enjoyable.  Unfortunately the soup I had tasted just like chicken stock and the tofu dish I got (Ma Po Tofu) was TERRIBLE tasting.  Their rice also tasted funny.  I've had rice all my life and love it, but couldn't finish this food.  I feel bad, but I would never come here again.
The terrible food overshadows their great service.This place has really good and yummy food. I can't understand all these bad reviews.
Sure the waitresses are not the best at their English but they have good Chinese food for a very good price. The person who stays at the register has a very good English so if you have any trouble you could just try talking to her!! Its my favorite in center city. Try the Sweet and Sour Shrimp it's especially good!!BEST Chinese food Ive had since NYC as well as the kindness to my wallet
From their crispy noodles, duck sauce and even soups especially hot and sour! 
Very kind heartfelt people serving delicious authentic Chinese Cuisine, highly recommend for their lunch specials before 4PM 
And they have a 10% discount for phone delivery orders. 
 Xie Xie to A Mandarin PlaceThis place is in a less-than-ideal location for getting business, though still very easy/convenient to get to. When you walk in, you get a little bowl of fried noodles and duck sauce, and free green tea. The waitress was very sweet, the service was incredibly fast, and the food was solid -- your basic Chinese food joint.Ordered crab rangoons and large chicken and broccoli with white rice using Eat24 for delivery to my hotel (Sheraton downtown) on a Tuesday night. Estimated delivery time was 45 minutes. An hour later, I called the restaurant to see what the hold up was. They informed me my driver would be there very shortly. Another 45 minutes passed and my driver knocked on my hotel door and shoved a bag of lukewarm food into my arms for a total delivery time of +1.5 hours. 
This service was extremely poor and borderline unacceptable. I was so close to calling and cancelling my credit card order. The food was mediocre at best and overpriced. Crab rangoons were scant on creamy filling and sauce. Chicken and broccoli was decent, though i've certainly had better and for less!This is a good solid place to go sit down and eat some Chinese food in the restaurant that made it. I've had the take-out and it's just as good at home, but the atmosphere and the service are worth sticking around. Everything is fresh and prepared promptly. 
I am sort of becoming a 4-Star wonder and I really want to complain about something. 
But I can't. They have some really quality green tea ice cream. They have a couple of other flavors, too, but who cares when you can have green tea ice cream? 
With dinner and dessert covered, I want to disparage the the fact that they brought the check before asking if I wanted dessert (did I mention green tea ice cream yet?), but I'm so satisfied by deliciously-not-overcooked Chinese cuisine, including perfectly-prepared tofu, which they let me substitute for the chicken in the sweet-and-sour dish without so much as a second thought or a sideways glance, that I can't come up with one respectable complaint.
Go forth and consume delicious Chinese food in the heart of Center City, my friends!Oddly enough when trying to order delivery in the area with a craving for an egg roll, there are few options. It took awhile  to find a place with egg rolls and not just spring rolls on the menu. With only a three star rating, we were apprehensive since there are so many higher rated places around.  The hot and sour soup was spicy, and the right consistency. We had General tso chicken, it was good, nice acid tone to it. Veg lo mein was also delicious. Veg egg foo young patties were chuck full of vegetables, the accompanying sauce was not very flavorful. The complimentary chicken fried rice had shredded tender breast meat. The egg roll was standard. Our fried pork buns were tender and also pretty standard. Everything was good, we would order from them again.Extremely disappointing chinese restaurant.  Not your typical americanized chinese food place (which is what I was looking for).  I prefer Golden Lake on Market Street if you want your standard americanized take-out food.  If I want authentic chinese food, I'll go to chinatown.  A Mandarin aims to be somewhere in between and fails horribly--it ends up being less tasty and more expensive.
Examples below:  
Chicken Mei Fun - uses cellophane noodles instead of rice vermicelli  
Cantonese Style Pan Fried Noodles - uses strange lo mein noodles instead of thin egg noodles.
Sesame Chicken - really strange orange sauce, resembles orange chicken.  They also don't put any sesame seeds on the chicken.
There's also too much celery, bamboo shoots and water chestnuts used in many of the dishes that don't conventionally have them.This is my go-to spot for Chinese takeout. Quick service, good food, reasonable prices. You're not going to get anything particularly special - General Tso's chicken, fried rice, lo mein, etc. It all tastes exactly the way I expect it to - solid Americanized Chinese food. Which is what I want when I am ordering Chinese food. Mmmmm MSG. Food is always delivered fast - usually well-before the time they estimate. And ordering online through Foodler makes it super-easy to make sure everything is exactly the way I like it. I've eaten in once or twice and service is always super-quick and friendly. Thumbs-up!Your standard Chinese food, not particularly appetizing. We ordered General tso's, vegetable fried rice and duck. The veggie fried rice was pretty good, the rest, eh.I've mostly ordered take out from here, so I haven't had the sit-down experience.  But I've been happy with my food every time.  It's not very expensive and the portions are good.  Dinner combos come with soup and an egg roll.  There are many options on the menu and I've been trying different things.  The kung-pao chicken was very good.
The inside looks clean and the staff is very nice so I would consider eating inside in the future.order from here 1x/week and i really love it. delivery is fast and the staff are so nice. pad thai isn't your standard peanutty pad thai, but its still good. haven't had something i didn't like - so I highly recommend this restaurant if you're in the mood for yummy, reasonably priced chinese food in the center city area.I have been here for both takeout and dining in. I think it's a super tasty version of standard Americanized Chinese comfort food. What I've had so far that was good: hot n sour soup, egg drop soup, pan fried noodles, Szechuan beef, garlic chicken, pineapple and regular fried rice. The egg rolls are not amazing, but the $9.50 dinner combo options are (soup+eggroll+entree+fried rice). Also, the staff is really nice!Tried out A Mandarin a Chinese restaurant because it was near the Mutter Museum on our way back to the Amtrak Station and hubby didn't want to walk far.
It had a typical Chinese menu, we just got a few things:
FREE wonton strips & sweet & sour sauce - I didn't try it, but hubby liked them.
Brown rice - extra $1 - i liked it fine
String beans w/ pickled veggies - fine
Mapo tofu - tasted fine
FREE with bill - 2 slices of oranges & 2 fortune cookies.
Charged it!After trying to get Thai and everything being closed at that awkward time of day or just being too cold to walk any farther we stumbled upon this place... 
There were hardly any decent vegetarian options and when we ordered the dinner specials i had to pay an extra dollar to get a veggie roll and miso soup smh .. Anyway the food was ok the ONLY reason I'd come back would be for the complimentary ice cream at the end which was delish ( had the green tea flavor) .. Otherwise I'll keep it movingMy go-to has failed me.  The last time I stopped in to grab something on the way home, the place was dark and deserted, and, frankly, a little dirtier looking that other times.  I placed my order, which I received in about three minutes (not particularly reassuring considering that it was not even 5:30 yet).  The woman at the register then bid me good night and turned back to chatting with her co-worker -- not usually a big deal except that she hadn't given me a bill and I hadn't paid.  I'm guessing that's not what the owner would expect.  After pulling her away from her conversation and paying, I took my food home only to find that my vegetable dumplings were not vegetable.  I'm not a vegetarian and I was starving so I tried them and immediately regretted it.  They were chewy and lacked flavor (oh, they forgot the dipping sauce too), and the sauce on the entree turned out to be an unpleasant consistency and flavorless.  I was crushed...not so much by the experience in the restaurant (it was only moderately better other times), but by the food, which had always been pretty decent for this type of joint.  I'll be looking for a new go-to, I think.Delivery was super fast and friendly, and the hot and sour soup was spot on. Pad Thai was so disappointing though.. Tasted like they tossed the noodles in ketchup and sriracha. Crab Rangoon filling was watery somehow? With so many options I'd try a different one.I came here last night and tried their General tso's chicken, which happens to be one of my favorite dishes when it comes to chinese food. I have tried several places both in NY and here in Philly, and I can wholeheartedly say that the one at this place is  the best one I have had. in addition on other ocassions I have tried their fried rice which was also amazing!! recommend this place to anybody comming to philly trying to get some good chinese food.As a local Philadelphian who dines out frequently, this restaurant is terrific on those occasions when instead of being seen, my dining focus is simple, fresh, modestly priced, and well prepared food.  The modest dining room is freshly painted and clean.  The owner and staff are kind.  You can bring a few friends and a bottle of wine and actually hear one another.  You can also dine solo comfortably.  Try crispy pan fried noodles with chicken and fresh vegetables (dine in so the noodles will stay crisper.)  As the new year approaches and my attention turns to my health and budget, I can't help but root for this little place which has become one of my latest favorite dining staples.I come here often, and there is always a nice table available, great staff and really amazing food. This is an underrated spot in center city west.It was the first time that I ordered from here, but I do know that my coworkers often eat here and very much enjoy it.
I concur with Ashley L.; I love food, but when it comes to Chinese take-out for lunch I usually only order two things. A quart of miso soup and a pint of brown rice. Not so Chinese...you bet cha. A filling and yummy lunch for under $7.00...absolutely.
And I have to say as well as being cheaper than other local Chinese places, their miso soup is surprisingly good. The broth is very flavorful and it's chock-a-block with tofu and seaweed. Me gusta.
The service is very friendly and it's one of the few Chinese take-out places I would consider dining in, due to the nice and clean interior. I will return another day and will sample some of the dishes fellow Yelpers have been talkin' about.The food is pretty average Chinese food, but I'm giving five stars because it's not expensive and the service there is awesome. This restaurant is great for BYOs and pretty cozy in size.The food was pretty good, maybe a little heavy on the sauce. But now that I know, I can order light sauce next time. I had the chicken pad Thai. Nice quality food, fresh and tasty. My friends shared some other dishes with lots of fresh veggies and meats. 
The waitstaff was very nice. My friend that was with us is a long-time customer here, and was really treated like family. It was a very pleasant dinner and a beautiful night to sit outside and dine.I've gotten takeout from this place a few times. I'll echo the sentiment that I appreciate that it's not overly "fake chinese". The dishes I've gotten from here actually tasted like something except salt and MSG. 
Plus, their "steamed tiny buns" are kinda like soup dumplings, although very light on the soup. Good though. I think this will be my go-to chinese place.When I saw Broccoli and Bean Curd on the menu, I thought it would come with a savory brown sauce, like Chicken and Broccoli.  This is what I've experienced at other restaurants.
Unfortunately, this experience reminded me of the reaction you have when you bite into a cookie and think it's chocolate chip, but it's oatmeal raisin.  
The sauce had very little flavor aside from ginger.  There were even small pieces of ginger in the dish that would sneak into every few bites.  It was very unpleasant.  Beware - and if you don't like ginger, be sure to choose something else on the menu.Love this place.  Always good.  Never failed me. Steamed watercress dumplings are wonderful.  Can't think of anything that was disappointing.For cheap Chinese - this place is great.  Inexpensive, relatively clean and safe.
The lunch specials are usually what we get - as it is near out office.
Also try the steamed dumplings (Get the watercress kind - they seem to be home made.).
Service can get slow - as they are usually under staffed (1 waitress and the mam-san Owner/Manager) during a busy lunch time can be a bit harried.
The used to give out free ice cream - but that is over now.  (They made it past the 6 month mark.)
Did I mention the prices are sooooooo low?
It ain't Susanna Foo - but for 6.99 for Shrimp & Broccoli with brown rice (not too gloppy either) I'll be back!
Oh - and they WILL deliver.My roommates and I ordered take-out from here for dinner and were very pleased with the quality/taste/and amt of food. We got the chicken with string bean, chicken with broccoli, sweet and sour chicken, veggie lo mein, and hot and sour soup.
for spending over 30 dollars, we got a free large order of general tso's chicken! (which was really delicious--very light on the breading and sauce, and i liked that you could tell that the chicken was all white meat). 
hot and sour soup was ok--too much bamboo for my taste.
free delivery is also a big plus :) definitely will be ordering from here again!Went there for dinner. The staff was really nice and the food was pretty good. It was a basic American Chinese Restaurant.this place is super convenient and fast. and the interior is pretty modern.
the food is very average, and very much a "i'm too lazy too cook" type of place. it is americanized chinese food, but done alright. they have good pan fried buns, but everything else is ehh. 
if you are hungry and want a quick, relatively inexpensive meal, this is a good place to go.I would rate this experience as a 2.5 out of 5.
I ordered the Buddha Delight, to go, and it was ready rapidly.  This was both good and bad - how was it done so fast?  Would this mean a sacrifice in quality?
Well, kind of.  I thought most of the veggies in the dish were good and cooked well, but the sauce was just a little too full of raw soy sauce flavor, and the rice seemed to be pre-packed in the container for awhile.  A small piece of beef also snuck its way into my meal, which wasn't ideal.
Anywho, it wasn't the worst but wasn't the best - maybe next time I'll dine in and hope for some slow cooked flavor and attention to detail.if you're ever thinking of getting chinese food i would definitely steer clear from this restaurant. i am an avid fan of chinese food and wanted to try a different place from my usual spots, worse decision i've ever made about food. the moment i came in i was greeted with a rude look and a waiter pointing to an empty table that had not been cleaned. when requesting to have a quick wipe down i was ignored. besides the service when the food arrived the chicken tasted bland and rubbery. avoid this place and walk two blocks down to Mandarin Palace on 19th street.Bleh!!  That's all I have to say...
Alright...here's a little more explanation.  
After coming back from a long trip, all I wanted to do was settle into my couch with some good Chinese take-out.  I could have gone with my old faithful, JoJo Place, but instead I thought to myself....what if I'm missing out on some really good Chinese?  How would I know?  So I took a chance and order from A Mandarin.  Bad Move!!!!
Knowing how much I love leftover Chinese I ordered wonton soup, general tso's, and steamed veg dumplings.  All basics!  How could you go wrong?!!
The wontons in the soup had a very odd color to them, but I put that aside and tried them out.  They were very chewy and the soup had a weird after taste.
The only positive of the general tso's was that the broccoli was on the side.  The meat itself was completely dried out.
And the steamed dumplings....thick and mushy and I'm still confused as to what the vegetable resemblance was.
Not good!!!  Stick to JoJo Place....it's only a block away.Still a solid, inexpensive choice for classic chinese - take out or dine in.
For $7.50 - $9.50 you can get a filling lunch special (small charge for brown rice).
I ask for whatever I get to be "light on the sauce" and It's always saucy anyway.
I enjoy the Chinese Eggplant with tofu or chicken and sometimes I ask them to add string beans or broccolli for $1 extra.
FAST service.
LOW Prices.
A solid lunch-time pick.Don't be put off by the emptiness of the restaurant (they always look empty). It's because everyone orders take-out/pick-up from them.  They restaurant itself may be empty but they are actually very busy feeding all the buildings in the area.  The food is delicious, the price is right and the lady who works there is so friendly.  We get the eggplant/bean curd, singapore noodles, chow fun, sesame chicken regularly.  Thank you, A Mandarin, for feeding us for so many years.  We would have withered away without you. The inside of the restaurant is nice if you want to go with a group. They are very accomodating.A well kept insider secret of Rittenhouse Square residents is that this charming family owned restaurant is a perfect meeting place to enjoy healthy, reasonably priced fresh food (adapted for special dietery needs), prepared by a professional Taiwanese Chef.  Bring a few friends or relatives and your own wine, and you have the perfect quiet place to engage in conversation while savoring delicious and affordable food.  This restaurant and its kitchen are immaculate and consistently achieves a perfect score from the Department of Health on the Clean Plates website.I went to A Mandarin specifically to try their Taiwanese beef noodle soup! It did not disappoint me! Depth and complexity of flavor with perfectly cooked white noodles packed separately with love - it was the perfect meal for a cough due to cold in the middle of summer kind of evening! Fragrant, flavorful and definitely made in house - no shortcuts on that soup option. 
I want to try the pork version next!
I've enjoyed other dishes there including the chicken fried rice and I remember thinking their version seemed lighter not greasy and I liked that too- very much!
But that soup, that soup! That soup was really, really  special! Go there, it's soup for the soul and a huge portion/good buy too!This is a block from office, so I go there pretty regularly.  
I love their Mai-Po Tofu (very spicy tofu over rice with pork/black bean sauce).  Their spring rolls are extra crispy and filled with fresh vegetables.  I've also tried their cashew chicken and mongolian beef, both of which are quite tasty.
This is one of my favorite chinese restaurants.  The service is always very friendly and I can get a quick lunch with good quality.I had very high hopes for this place based on the GrubHub reviews but it was mediocre. I ordered the veggie fried rice and had to re-cook it with some soy sauce and teriyaki because it had absolutely no flavor. The veggie rolls were okay but the filling had no flavor. The delivery was pretty fast, though, so that is a good thing, I guess.No frills, comfort food esque, standard menu, inexpensive Chinese food. I am skeptical of most of the overpriced, over bougie crap in this neighborhood. A mando (my nickname for them) is the exact opposite! I'm a HUGE fan of this place... the staff is friendly, the food comes quickly, and this is a great place when I'm cold, sick, or slightly depressed. In addition, it's BYOB- not my thing, but I'm sure it appeals to some.Excellent Chinese food. The orange chicken is particularly good, given that they use high quality chicken in their dishes. Service here is quick and super friendly. Great place.  Would certainly recommend to friends.The review is for the pork shiumai. It comes in 4 pieces. Not flavorful and I only tasted saltiness. It's a disappointment.
My coworker had chicken broccoli and he said it's ok.It was really good chinese food. I ordered chicken egg foo young. I paid extra for brown rice, however I received white rice with my order.Not only is the food great, but the owners are two of the nicest people in the city. They are retiring soon, so get here before they go!This place is fucking awful!! Got the food in less than ten minutes. Steamed dumplings, general too chicken and kung poa chicken and delivered under ten minutes!! It was obvious everything was frozen and microwaved. Absolutely disgusting!! I don't even want to give this place one star!!Been going here for YEARS. Singapore mai fun is the best shit I have ever had. Highly recommend this dish to my fellow Americans living in philly.Since moving to the Art Museum area a few years ago, I have yet to find a good go-to Chinese restaurant. I stumbled across A Mandarin Restaurant on GrubHub and figured it was worth a try. While the general tso is pretty standard, it was definitely a step up from the previous restaurant I had been ordering from. I've used GrubHub and also called in orders before, and have never had an issue. Lately, this has been my go-to whenever I'm craving Chinese food.