The following are considered when I rate a more expensive restaurant. $60+/Person.  The first listed is the most important and weighted more than the line item following.
Flavor/Quality of Ingredients and Plating 
Service (Initial Welcome to the last thank you)
Ambiance/Décor/Environment
Price
Value of TOTAL Experience
You have read all the puffery of other YELP reviews, So, I'll try not to bore you.
Joined by Lips, looking fantastic with this years, Gucci shoes, matching Gems, and even down to the socks. With us were a hot new couple. Looking like a real match made in heaven. Class all around.
Now down to the food experience. 2 Stars for a restaurant which obviously uses great ingredients, creative dishes along with some ok service.
We started with an interesting service fowl up only to be handled poorly. The Server brought over what we thought was a complimentary start of our meal. Wasabi String Beans and then server brought over some sort of dull looking mush. At this point one of or party attendees called over the server (by the way we noshed on the beans) in which we inquired about the starters. At that point he stated it must be a mistake, he whisked the now not so complimentary dishes off the table and that was that. No apology, no nothing. We think a better way to handle this is to explain the error and ask us if we wish to continue noshing on the dishes,
Its a "sharing menu" not for everyone. But ok...
The other couple ordered Smoked Scallops as well as we did, they were very good.
They also ordered another small plate in which was enjoyed.
Lips and I ordered the Smoked Mussels, good smokey flavor, they're were about 5 in the dish. Expensive for 5 morsels. The Cucumber Gazpacho with Crab tasted great, again over the top expensive for the portion. 
Steam Clams, clams so small  it seemed silly. Plus the broth was just like any other Steamed Clam dish. Expensive considering the presented product.
Shared Entrees by the other Couple was a whole Black Sea Bass. Small but was reported to be very good. And the Wagu Steak. Again value vs portion very small portion but again strictly taste to be good.
We shared the Porterhouse Steak (97 dollars, holy sh^t are you kiddng me) Steak was Good, but again nothing extraordinary. Rosemary potatoes no big deal, they were potatoes. Grilled Cesear Salad, good but why was it served with the entree? 
For this outrageously priced dish you would have thought it would be amazing. It wasn't, all it was was a Porter House cooked as expected. Meh meh and more meh. The correct pricing should have been 34.95 and just enough for one person. But 97 bucks to be shared? At time the food and its presentation seemed to be more ego than anything else.
Desserts were the Chocolate Mouse, excellent, the other side of the table they ordered some sort of Custard which was horrible tasting, almost like sour water texture, tasted like a Goat Milk. That was sent back and a Pound Cake Appeared to be a better ending.
All in all the Food tasted quite good. The service was ok but again nothing which would dictate the price points. Weird beginning. The atmosphere was sparse, nothing which would wow anyone.
Ok... PRICE? For the amount of food we ordered, we should have come away more than satisfied. We didn't. The portions are ridiculously small considering the prices are outrageously high. The value just wasn't there. Not even close.
Lets say for arguments sake the portions were better, the expense would still be way too high, but the review would be at a 3 star. (taste, quality)The atmosphere yawn,  nothing, the service was ok, again at the level of a 100+ per people expect and deserve more, better and be satiated.
So a hard 2 stars for this disappointment. The herd mentality is alive and well on YELP. 
FATTY SAYS SWING AND A MISS!!! Skip it and the Hype?Wanted to love . . . only kind of liked.  The food is all fine - not excellent, but pleasant enough . . . .just not pleasant enough for the price tag.  Go with light eaters; if you don't, there won't be much for you to eat!Came here with a few other couples for NYE. The ambiance was fantastic! Balloons on the ceiling, dimly lit, music not too loud, not noisy, very cozy and sexy. 
Service here was spot on! Props to the manager that night-when I told him one of our couples had recently gotten engaged he gave us a round of champagne to celebrate.
Food was phenomenal- wild boar chops, aged venison, lamb bolognese, a carnivore's dream! The squid was almost better than the squid I've had at Little Fish, the beet salad was very interesting with some broccoli rabe mixed in there as well.
Drinks were strong and delicious- blood and sand, as well as the gimlet, stick out in my mind.
Desserts at first looked odd (who wants a butternut squash dessert?) but sooo tasty! Only thing they need is some kind of super-chocolatey dessert and I'd give this place 5 stars.
Very professional place, great service, unique food.The food here is very good but unfortunately I probably wouldn't come back. Here's the "skinny:"
What did I order: 3 Oysters, soft shell crab sandwich. Comes with homemade potato chips. Two beers.
The good: Oysters were delectable - fresh - excellent. Nice beer selection - I had a beer I never heard of - Birra, and Italian lager. Sandwich was good - crab was fresh. A nice combination of flavors including a little spice, but not too overpowering. 
The bad: The portion size! And the price for that portion size. I'm embarrassed to admit that after spending $43.00 on my meal. I stopped in a fast food restaraunt on my way home and had fries. I was still very hungry. 
Overall: Go for a beer and an app. Wouldn't recommend for a substantial meal.I was really excited to try a.kitchen. With the attractive location on Rittenhouse and the small, chic interior, it looked like an excellent eatery. I can't say that was the case based on my experience. I actually wanted to email a manager directly, but their website does not offer a means to contact them. We made a reservation for restaurant week and arrived to the waitress telling us they aren't serving the restaurant week menu for Saturday lunch (see photo attached). This was not indicated in any way on their page on the CCD site. We ate anyway. The coffee I ordered was very bitter, hair on one of the plates, and just overall underwhelming. Service was fine, food was fine, but for the prices and the other confusion, I likely won't be back.Cute little restaurant in an excellent location adjacent to Riten House Square with a nice ambience. The menu was very good with a lot of different options for brunch. The service was very attentive and quick. That being said, I ordered the burger medium and it came out extremely well done. The burger was topped with one slice of cheese of one piece of lettuce - $18. We also ordered the salmon on rye which came out on very dry bread. Unfortunately the quality of the food was not justified by the price. Great service, options and location.Good place to eat tapas style as they have several small plates and salads. But they also have entrees if you prefer. But beware of salt! Lots of dishes are over salted! Don't go near the chicken on the brunch menu if you don't like really salty food! 
Food is all a bit pricey and nothing is amazing enough that you'll think about it after you leave.
Fresh oysters are great but pricey, 6 for $18.
Hamachi crudo great, two pieces, $13. Hit & miss...
Smoked beets $14, are served cold
Beef tartare $16, not great 
A few salads, Burrata $16 and Radicchio $15
Pretty good. Probably the favorite so far was the burger. Perfectly cooked and not too big. $17
Not sure why but it takes FOREVER to get a drink but a nice wine list. Martini's were either too weak or not cold. Seems like they need more... and more skilled bartenders. 
Servicer's are very good and knowledgeable. 
Eddi (?) was our favorite. She was very, very patient with my fussy dinner mate.
This place can get very loud when it's crowded.
Stayed at hotel for a month so had many meals. Wouldn't return as often if not for the convenience on snowy days and work picking up the tab. Better food is in walking distance...Review is of the cheddar and bacon burger on house made English muffin, and was take out.
GREAT burger! The quality of the meat was good and the sauce that they use was great. It came extra rare, which I LOVED!
This inst really a big or hearty burger like Whiskey Village or Rouge but damn if it wasn't tasty. I'll be having more of these. Probably my favorite burger in Rittenhouse.A. Kitchen is an utter disappointment. Went for brunch and service was very good and polished. I believe what they were shooting for were "thrice cooked" chips, a spotted pig fave. What we got were potato rocks with slightly sour taste. Kobe beef was chewy. High street and Fork are delicious but this needs work. You could do better in philly on a Sunday than this place for sure. Bread is awesome!I definitely see why a.kitchen has been named one of America's Best Wine restaurants. It was such a perfect evening with the temp at 78, leaving us in the mood for some outdoor seating and a nice glass of sparkling wine. Upon spying Cremant de Limoux, Domaine Collin, we knew that we were in for a really nice evening at this super chic restaurant. After the sparkling wine, we moved on to a glass of white, specifically the Chasselas Blend 'Alliance', Marc Tempe, 2014.
After wetting our palettes, it was down to a few shared plates. We started with fried pickles, hamachi crudo, and the spiced cauliflower. The pickles were good, but the hamachi and cauliflower were amazing! As I am sitting here and writing this review, I wish that I had ordered another side of the spiced cauliflower to go! For our main course, we decided on the seared walleye...fantastic! To end our meal, we wanted to keep dessert light, so we went with the rhubarb cream. Just a perfect way to end a fabulous meal.Great place for a drink and a bite. Great selection of spirits, wine and beer. We loved the cheese plate and fries. The staff was very helpful and provided great conversation. 
Being our first time in Philadelphia, we tried our best to  try out as many places as possible and after our first stop we went in search for another bar. We found A bar on Yelp and decided to stop in. As soon as we sat down the bartender greeted us and quickly delivered the refreshments. We had a great time talking with the staff and enjoyed the food and drinks.Came here with my friend to try the place out. Got a reservation in with the infamous "super bitchy" tiny Asian hostess HAHAHA no, she's actually VERY nice and friendly to guests. AAAAAnnnd also my younger sister. =P
We got a spot at the chef's counter which was really neat because watching them prepare the dishes was so much fun! We were intent on just a few dishes and a drink and then would go to a bar after, but we ended up getting some extra dishes and they were all so delicious. I especially loved the Octopus with watermelon. BEST DISH OF THE NIGHT.
The wait staff was very friendly and helpful. Its always a plus when you see the managers on the floor paying attention to the guests and helping out whenever they can.
The place can get very loud, but it is overall a nice place to eat in Rittenhouse.
The popular drink they had was a blue drink, I forgot the name of it, but it was good. I'm just not a fan of Malibu. 
We were stuffed afterwards, but had a great time and would love to come back to try more dishes.Just stopped in for a small snack - I had the Pork Belly Risotto Fritters ($9). The plate came with 3 fried balls filled with risotto (it really was more like plain rice) and pork along with a spicy mayo-based sauce. The fritters were very good and the sauce was a fantastic addition. 
Sitting at the kitchen bar I was able to see a lot of the different menu items prepared. The dishes definitely seemed a little small, but given the location and quality the prices aren't too too high.
They're serving free alcohol til the liquor license comes through (not sure how long this is going on), which is a great deal. The staff is welcoming and friendly and the atmosphere is very modern and chic. 
Definitely give it a try!I've had happy hour and breakfast at a.kitchen and a.bar and each time was very good and memorable.  We went there for brunch on a cold January morning and I kept thinking back to an Anthony Bourdain interview which said that cooks hate brunch, but restaurants love them because they are cash cows. The restaurant can bring out their B squad staff and food and most WASP will not know the difference.  This is totally what happened this morning at a.kitchen, but we noticed. We were served basic brunches; coffee was great, bacon limp and sad, potatoes were not their usual goodness. The meal was all around not worth the price and not worth going back on a Sunday. To be honest, it was the bacon. Sad sad bacon.The menu is creative, as is the presentation, but I definitely left hungry given the small portions. However, the server was wonderful and he kept us laughing throughout the meal.A. Kitchen is a step above on the Rittenhouse Restaurant Scene. Tim, the Wine Manager, has put together a small but high quality wine list. The food is  very interesting and quite good. Give the place a try. I don't think you'll be disappointed.Great! The brunch was delicious-albeit-plain and the drinks were flavorful.This lively, vibrant, lightly dim restaurant serves incredible food! 
Starting from appetizers and ending with a dessert, they delivered on point!
Loved everything about this place!I had hearts salad and a veal bolognese. Salad was OK. Veal bolognese was very enjoyable. Pasta was cooked well and tomato based sauce had good flavor with bits of veal. I don't know if they have a wine list but the Bernard Beaudry Chinon went well with everything although $15 for a 5 oz pour is a little steep since it is a $20 bottle.
Bartender was very attractive even though she did not smile. Waiter and hostess were fantastic!
Contemporary design was attractive.I'm a big fan of a.kitchen..in fact, I went for lunch two days in a row, because I wanted it again THAT badly. 
I went in pretty skeptical the first time, the items on the menu didn't seem that appetizing, and for tapas, seemed a little overpriced. But, I gave it a chance, because it's close to my boyfriend's apartment when I'm in town visiting. 
The layout is great. The ceilings are high, there's ample space between tables - feels cozy and intimate without being cramped. The perfect lunch spot. I love the big windows that open out onto the street, and the seating outside is so cute next to the park. I sat at the chef's bar the first time, and had this wonderful waitress who just wanted me to have the best lunch possible. I could tell she was making everyone's experience that much better. The HEATWAVE was in full force, so when I told her I wanted something light, she had the perfect suggestion...
the FARRO WITH BLUE CRAB AND PESTO. So awesome. The portions here are definitely big for tapas, and you definitely get your money's worth. The fresh crab was dressed to perfection, sitting on farro in a pesto sauce. It was so light but filling, and so good that the next day, I felt like I needed to go back for another try! 
On the next visit, I had the CAVATELLI WITH MUSSELS, which was also delcious and seasoned so well. Despite a creamy sauce, it still felt light, an again was perfectly portioned as lunch for one. 
The people next to me were raving about the steak, and I have to say, it looked pretty amazing.
Another nice touch is the bread. The baguette is delicious, just how I like it - not too doughy with a little crunch on the outside. The butter on the side is lightly salted, with a sprig of dill as an added bonus. When I sat at the bar, I saw that the waitresses cut the fresh bread and put the plate together, which just added to my positive perception of the service there. 
Loved it, and will definitely go back for more next time I'm in town!Stumbled on it for a Saturday brunch and came away extremely pleased.good and attentive service,excellent coffee,beautiful homemade English Muffins and eggs,Great for vegetarians. A very good brunch and would go back in a heartbeat.This is a wonderful spot in a great location next to Rittenhouse Square.  The service is excellent and the menu is innovative and fresh.  This should be on everyone's list of restaurants in the city.  The bar is outstanding and they can mix any drink or pour any wine or beer you would like.  
I had a wilted lettuce salad that was excellent with a ranch dressing that was both subtle and tart.  My entree was an free range chicken breast with garlic smashed potatoes and I had a side of the grilled asparagus.  Wow it was great.   The dessert was "meh" so that is why they get a 4 rather than a 5 star rating.
The service was attentive but not hovering over us.  I also enjoyed being able to watch the chefs prepare our dinner.
Yumb factor is quite high here!Found this great spot while shopping in Philly- delish food, great wine selection and excellent service! The open kitchen and intimate dining room is fun and energetic and our server was knowledgable and genuine. The risotto was to die for and so was the beet and goat cheese salad. We were also big fans of the asparagus salad, lamb, meatballs, bolognese pasta and the shortbread dessert. Yes, two people ordered all of that- can't wait to go back again! Also, I couldn't help but notice how actively involved every member of the staff was- simply seeing something that needed to be done and graciously doing so. Refreshing. Did I mention how awesome the food was?Went here for lunch and sat outside, just off Rittenhouse Square. Great location for sipping a glass of wine and people watching. The burger was great- so juicy, but the portions are kind of small. I'm a girl who likes to eat, and the burger came with hardly any fries.A friend and I ran into a.kitchen for a quick dinner on a Friday night. We chose to sit at the bar and were greeted by a  friendly bar tender who recommended we try the Moscow Mules.  I must say they were quite delicious. For our meals, I ordered the Nebrodini Mushroms, which if you are a mushroom lover you will die! My friend ordered the Caputo Brother Burrata, which they make in house and is quite heavenly. The service was quite prompt for a busy Friday night too! We will definitely be back to try the Kitchen Counter which is a 4-course meal chosen by the head chef.Dinner for two last night with an 8 p.m. reservation. For the food we started with the 3-cheese plate that was beautifully presented with a Spanish Indiazabal, Cabot cheddar and Jasper Hill blue along with accompanying various fruit chutneys.  We shared the "for 2" entree of the evening: wild striped bass stuffed with celery root along with a side of sauteed fall greens. The fish was delicious and the bitter greens were a nice complement to the richness of the fish.  We capped things off with a shared black currant sorbet and coffee. On to the service: Inconsistent and perplexing.  We weren't sure what our server's role was since he only appeared on occasion and in between those times a least 3 different people brought us our food and asked if we wanted second glasses of wine. He definitely wasn't very attentive. The space is small so the noise level was loud, so loud in fact that our server asked us to repeat ourselves on several occasions. Nice by-the-glass wine list. The crowd is young(ish) and trendy. Overall I really enjoyed the food but should I return I might do so on a weeknight when it might not  be be so hectic.We had been excited to go to A.Kitchen for dinner for a couple of weeks.  Walking by, the restaurant looked fun and interesting.  We finally made it out there on a Friday Night for dinner.
Food: 3.0 stars
We ordered the: 
-Warm Burrata for appetizer
-Scallops and Shrimp
-Tagliatelle with Lamb Ragu
and
-New York Strip.... They at 9pm on a Friday night had RUN OUT OF STEAK! Instead we tried the...
-Leg of Lamb, Treviso and Black Olives
The Warm Burrata was not warm.  One of the two Scallops were under cooked and the Shrimp was few and far between.  The Pasta in the lamb ragu was grossly undercooked to the point where the center of the Tagilatelle was nearly uncooked.  The lamb was delicious but the plate lacked dynamics and only featured bitter flavors. AND... seriously you run out of NY Strip at a higher end restaurant? Poor form.
Service: 3.0 stars
People were floating around throughout the restaurant but it seemed like they weren't doing anything.  Drinks took a while to come out and service was not great but not poor.  The restaurant needs to be more cohesive in its service and work to go the extra mile without being noticeable to everyone.
Location: 4.5 stars
Great location North of Rittenhouse Park on 18th Street.
Ambiance: 4.0 stars
The restaurant is very small and had to sacrifice indoor seating for the external kitchen and bar space.  Luck for them, they also have tables outside on the sidewalk.  The decor is clean and well done.
Price: 3.0 stars
Depending on how many drinks you have, expect to pay $30-50 per person.
Overall: 3.0 stars
The undercooked pasta was inexcusable.  The fact that they didn't have steak was unbelievable.  For a restaurant which flashes moments of high end gourmet cuisine in its dishes, the general experience falls short because of the issues with preparation and service.  
There are definitely better places to go at this price point.  A.Kitchen better make some changes/improvements because it will have to rely solely on its good location in the near future to maintain business at a high level.I really wanted to love this place and had high expectations after reading all the glowing reviews about the food. It's definitely a place for "foodies" and for a small plates restaurant the prices were very high. Ironically our favorite dishes were from the vegetable section of the menu, we were not planning on getting 3 dishes. The frisee salad with bacon and poached egg was fabulous, I could not stop eating it as was my husbands mushroom taleggio crepe. But things went down hill from there. The smoked octopus was chewy and the blue crab had shells in it, though the farro was delicious. The venison I had was cold and needed seasoning and my husbands short ribs were overcooked. Mistakes I would not expect from this kitchen. Drinks were good and our server excellent even on a very busy night. I probably would not come back any time soonThis was my third time here.  Lunch is definitely not as interesting as dinner in terms of menu.  Though I had always had excellent food here even if the place is a little stiff, this time the kitchen seemed very off.  I am not sure any of my colleagues enjoyed their his/her meal.  Grilled chicken salad came with sparse greens - including thinly sliced stalk of broccoli (um, is this what we are doing these days?) - and a dull watery yogurt dressing.  The chicken had a rubbery texture.  I could not tell if it had been smoked and then grilled. Anyway...The thing that was the worst is there were flies around us during the whole meal.  Not great when you are swatting  bugs away as you eat inside.It was Monday afternoon so hardly any visitors and a few of us stopped by for lunch. They had some sandwiches and salads on the menu, what you would expect. So duck salad was basically a few pieces of duck meat in a large pile of greens. And the price? Over a $20. I had a pork sandwich that looked good on the menu. It was basically two smallish over dried pieces of what resembled a schnitzel on a bun. Nothing else. $18. It took  5 attempts to get our waitress to understand that we wanted glasses for everyone at the table and entire bottle of wine on the menu.
To summarize - location is good but there are many more great places nearby to waste time and money on that one.My friend and I stopped in to a.kitchen for an early dinner tonight and were excited we were able to walk in and sit down without a wait! 
First off, this is not somewhere I would suggest coming to for an "experience." I was not overly impressed with the decor and the place is small. My intent was to have a great meal with a friend and it delivered completely. 
We ordered the cheese plate first which would probably be the only "eh" part of the meal. SUPER small amount for the price tag. I would skip even though it was delicious.
The rest of our portions were so big and I was so surprised. We were told we probably needed about 5 plates between the two of us and we absolutely could have each gotten a salad and shared one plate and had been full. No worries! We got to try more things and they were all delicious. 
My friend and I both got the Baby Arugula Salad, Shaved Mushrooms, Bresaola with Lemon Vinaigrette which was potentially one of the best salads I have had in the city. Salty, light and filling all at the same time. SO SO GOOD. 
We shared the Roasted Red Snapper with Saffron Potatoes, Fennel, Chorizo Nage and the Blue Crab Salad with Sardinian Cous Cous, Basil Pesto which were both awesome as well. The snapper was seasoned perfectly and the blue crab was ice cold and they did not skimp on the crap part whatsoever. Nothing worse than a luke warm, mayonaise-y blue crab salad. 
We went on to share the Roasted Chicken with Ricotta Gnocchi and by this time we were super full but still kept picking! The chicken was tender and the gnocchi and other little nibbles on the plate were delicious. I would recommend this as a whole meal for someone as well. 
We also had a plate of the Spaghetti Carbonara which I would say was a super small portion and could have done without it based on fullness and because it was just so-so.
All in all I can't wait to go back here. The service was not lacking, the food rocked and the location perfect. Yum!For a restaurant that just opened this week, a.kitchen is doing very well - I was pleasantly surprised! You can tell that there are some areas in which they are still getting their feet under them, but overall I had a great experience. 
The physical space is beautiful. I sat at the chef's bar, where I had a great view of all of the food as it was prepped - which is dangerous if you are the kind of person who wants to eat everything that looks good. The space is open and light and comfortable. Service was incredibly attentive - perhaps one of the perks of coming by when a place cares about making a good impression!
The beets with broccoli rabe and honey yogurt were excellent - I am a big fan of the pickled beets down the street at Village Whiskey, but I think these beat them out by just a smidge. The deciding factor is the honey yogurt, it is a lovely accompaniment for the beets. If they were open for lunch it would be a perfect mid-day entree; for dinner it was great as a starter on a hot, muggy day. The asparagus and artichokes were also a very good hot-weather pick. The pecorino cream was not overly heavy and the dish had a nice, light citrusy flavor. The only dish I didn't love was the pork belly risotto fritters. As a previous review mentioned, the rice tasted more like plain white rice than risotto. I thought the dish was too oily and a little bland. I can see how I might like the dish better in the fall/winter, though - it might have just been a mistake to order it in 90 degree weather! My waiter noticed that I did not enjoy the fritters and the dish was taken off my bill, which was unexpected but very appreciated. 
I wasn't going to eat dessert, but like I said - sitting at the chef's bar is dangerous. After watching them head out to another table, I tried the almond macaroons with plums. The macaroons had a great flavor - herbal and minty - although they were a little crumbly and hard to eat neatly (but whatever, who cares how you look when you're eating dessert?). The plums were absolutely perfect, I really enjoyed how seasonal the dessert was. 
Another unexpected surprise on this visit was that the restaurant is offering complementary beverages until their liquor license is in. I had a lovely white wine that my server recommended, it was deliciously light and fruity. I think this is another way in which the restaurant distinguished itself for me - they could have waited to begin serving alcohol until they had their license, but I am impressed at the way they chose to handle the situation. I am looking forward to returning to try more of the dishes I had a glimpse of this evening (the tagliatelli with veal ragu and chorizo stuffed calamari are first on the list!).My friends and family (a table of 9) visited a.kitchen this past (very busy) Saturday night.  We were delighted.  The tasting dinner was excellent, as was the wine.  Kaitlin, our server, was very attentive, efficient, and a delight to speak with. She helped make this a memorable meal.  Thank you!  Highly recommendedThe food is generally good, but pricey. Most of the dishes are considered small plates, so our server recommended we get 2-3 each; we felt full with 5 between the two of us and agreed we would limit to 4 next time (particularly since we liked the bread so much!)
In decreasing order of preference: 
-Scallops with Butternut Squash and Apple Cider - the scallops were sweet and nicely seasoned, but the squash was overly salty
-Blue Crab Salad, Sardinian Cous Cous, Basil Pesto - there is a generous portion of crab provided with the dish; note that there is very little "salad" aspect if you are looking for some greens
-Roasted Chicken with Ricotta Gnocchi - tasty dish with lovely light gnocchi
-Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Shallots and Pecorino - very nice flavor, but I would have liked the sprouts to be a little softer
-Roasted Red Snapper, Saffron Potatoes, Fennel, Chorizo Nage - while the size of the fish was reasonable, I was not wild about the flavor of this dish.I ordered the grilled shiitake sandwich and it was absolutely delicious. That alone carries the four stars. My friend and I sat outside since the weather was nice. They set both chairs facing the street, suitable for people watching and looking out at the Rittenhouse square. My friend had the crispy shrimp with grits and was fairly satisfied, except "would have 2 more shrimps". Lol there are a few minuses such as slow service, and few selection of protein on the brunch menu. But all in all, a very enjoyable brunch experience.  :)Below the hype of expectations! From appetizer to dinner, everything was bad. The scallops and crab meat had a stale stench - the beet salad was not edible. We didn't finish even half of our food after spending a little over $100 for two people. 
Upside: the service was very friendly!Hearing who the chef of a.kitchen is, I was expecting an out of this world dinner. I was underwhelmed to say the least. They serve their food in small plates, but the servers didn't feel it necessary to explain this. The fried potatoes with saffron aioli....I've had better frozen from a bag. The calamari stuffed with chorizo had virtually no calamari; it merely served as a casing. The almond "macaroon" was described by the boyfriend as a rice cake with fruity jam. He wasn't far off. The one redeeming quality is the complimentary hooch. The bartender whipped up great cocktails all night. Otherwise, no reason to go back.I cook all the time over charcoal, so I was excited to stumble across this place while hunting for a dinner place near our hotel on Rittenhouse square.  Our party consisted of a 5-year-old child, two parents, and a grandmother.  To some, it seems strange to take a child to fine dining, but we have done this many times. It was nice that nobody gave us strange looks bringing a child into the restaurant, which has happened on a small fraction of those occasions.  That said, the menu was the the least child friendly of all of the 20 or 30 fancy restaurants we have taken her to.
 I understand that we are not the target market for such a restaurant.  But let me then make a suggestion:  don't then bill the plating as "family-style".  There was nothing at the restaurant for a child to entertain herself. I figure at least a small sheet for coloring and a 4-pack of crayons is not very expensive and easy to store somewhere. (A "Roys" location once gave her a Hawaiian themed activity book and a free choice of a toy from a treasure chest by the door that she played with for half of our visit.)  There was nothing very child friendly on the menu, even for our adventurous child who had eaten raw oysters just the day before.  We asked if a chef could make something simple -- grilled-cheese, say, or even a suggestion about something that might work -- 
and we were simply rebuffed.
The portion sizes seemed small compared to the giant portions so common in the US.  But they seemed good to me.  Grandmother eats very little, and hearing this, our server had a good idea about how much food would fill us up.  I don't like having so much food that I must decide between getting stuffed or boxing up leftovers.
The appetizers we chose were pretty excellent -- a yummy fried cauliflower appetizer, and tender grilled octopus.  The entrees and sides were disappointing.  The pork chop ordered by grandmother was extremely fatty, the duck was pretty typical duck -- nothing exciting -- and the richness of the mushrooms was lost in the richness of the other elements of the dish.  My branzino was well cooked and very good, so I was the lucky one in our group.  Fortunately, because the meal is family style, my wife got some. But grandma didn't want any.
We sat outside in front of the restaurant, a very pleasant seating arrangement if you like people-watching, and even with the city bustle it was much quieter than inside the restaurant.  I think we were visited by three different servers; they work as a team.  They were friendly, attentive, and knowledgable about food.  
With the multitude of seemingly excellent restaurants in the area to explore, I won't choose this one again for some time.What a great meal i had at this place! I brought my boss here when on Tuesday for a work dinner. I have never been before but heard good things.
This location is pretty small and i believe it is connected to its sister location, A. Bar, through the back. 
We made a reservation ahead of time and were seated right away. I looked at the menu prior to but when we sat down, the menu we were given was a little different. It all looked amazing. 
We ordered their cauliflower dish and the roasted carrots dish as appetizers. So good. The cauliflower was roasted and in an avocado puree of sorts. Delish. The carrots were on a bed of cous cous with fennel head ferns - can we say SPRING!? YUM. 
For dinner, my boss had the chicken dish but I ordered the duck breast. Let me tell you, the duck did not disappoint. It was thick and juicy and tender and excellently dressed. Our server was fantastic. He was very knowledgeable of the menu, provided great opinions and even through together a lovely mocktail for my boss, who doesn't drink. 
when it came to dessert, the server suggested the buckwheat pound cake. We were skeptical.. i mean, its buckwheat. But he told us how it was seemingly the essense of the location and all the ingredients were sourced locally, so we figured, why not? It was served with a buckwheat ice cream and was actually really good. I was pleasantly surprised! When i think of buckwheat, i instantly imagine cardboard. not the case at all. 
My only gripe is the table placement. We were seated pretty much in the middle at a 4 top. No big deal but the towards the end of the night, the back of my chair and my bun became the target of many servers passing through behind me. I tried many times to scoot myself up, to the side, to the other side with no luck. I didn't want to move tables because we were already pretty settled and didn't switch seats as to not be too awkwardly close to my male boss..  I probably got bumped in the back of the head at least 4 times. 
but other than that, great experience.Decent brunch, underwhelmed by the food for the price.
Coffee was VERY strong, didn't finish a whole cup.
We got an English muffin egg and cheese sandwich, which was good but not great, eggs Benedict which again was good but not great, and the mushroom scrapple which was bland and more of a cornmeal cake with mushroom than it was scrapple. 
On the positive side the food came out fairly quickly.
Will not be returning.One of my recommendations for a classier brunch in the heart of Rittenhouse. I'm a big fan of the steak and eggs here - they do a skirt steak with chimichurri sauce that is quite unique. Excellent pastries too!A. Kitchen was fine.  Went there on a whim for lunch with a friend -- we each ordered a glass of wine and a sandwich.  It was July 4th and they were fairly slow.  Our server was very kind and attentive.  The wine selection was nice, but fairly overpriced in my opinion, especially considering the size of their pours.  They also have lines on their wine glasses marking the volume of the pour... I suppose it's a good way to avoid any confusion with customers thinking they're being shorted, but we found it a bit tacky.  My sandwich (brie & speck) was very tasty.  Overall pleasant experience, but probably not a place I will dine at again.A nice, romantic restaurant for a night out with someone special!
Service was fine, wine was great, food was good. We tried several dishes (the small plates are pretty small- you need maybe 2 small plates/apps and one entree per person to make a meal out of it!) and all were good. All dishes were very interesting takes on the ingredients- I've definitely never tried anything with those flavor combos before! The octopus was really good, probably my favorite! The spiced cauliflower was also really good. 
I'm glad we went and tried what we did, but I feel like the prices were too high for the amount of food we got, and so, we will probably not come back.We visited the night before a very stressful surgery for my husband and had a fabulous dinner at a. Kitchen. The staff was amazing!! They were very accommodating, as I was walking with a cane and made every effort to accommodate my gluten sensitivity. The atmosphere was funky, hot  and fun and the vibe was extremely relaxing. I highly recommend it for any and all occasions.Amazingly well-crafted farm-to-table food and expert service. We had the grilled baby romaine, roasted carrots with cous cous, lobster with mint, and goat cheese panna cotta washed down with the agave maria margarita. Our plates were scraped clean by dueling forks. Delicious!I am all for good, locally sourced food but A. Kitchen was a disappointment.  The food was mediocre at best, and the servings were so tiny! Definitely not a place for value. But beyond that the server was not friendly and did not seem to care much for being there. He kept going to the bar and talking to the bartender rather then be more attentive. Also the noodles in the pasta dish was very overcooked and soggy.  
Would not recommend or return.Delicious evening at a.kitchen.  My partner, who is an outstanding cook himself, said, "It's been a long time since I've been as satisfied with a dinner as this."  The flavors were complex yet coherent.  The flavors knew what they were supposed to accomplish.  I particularly loved the use of rhubarb on a salad.  My partner loved the blackberry sauce that came with the lamb belly.  A meal that was truly a taste of summer.  (Great polite quiet service, too!). Our dinner exceeded our high expectations.My daughter raved about a.kitchen for brunch so I decided to check it out for lunch. It was ok. Not great. I thought some of their presumably high gourmet techniques like leaving the heads and shells on the grilled shrimp appetizer wasn't the greatest. Sure, some people like the heads, but with the shells still on it's clear the shrimp can't be properly cleaned and deveined. I'm personally not a big fan of crunchy shrimp. Wine list was pretty blah and overpriced. My grilled broccoli/vegetable salad with sprouted grains was also pretty blah. I got a lot of chewy grains and barely any vegetables, and had to ask for extra cheese for a bit more flavor. Maybe brunch and dinner are better, but I'm not inspired to go back.I had to choose three stars, because it's A-OK, right?
But truly, it does not deserve more, possibly less. 
So the concept is that they use a Japanese-style charcoal grill to prepare almost every dish, and it gives this special taste (and smell to the restaurant, and quite possibly your clothes). 
It is very pricey (small portions of meats, with no sides included), and not that great: the wagyu was OK, but not melt-in-mouth amazing, the chicken was good (with a spicy BBQ sauce). The side of potatoes (extra $8) was so rich, it was impossible to eat more than 3 bites without feeling overwhelmed by the butter and white creamy sauce (mayo? triple cream? liquid lardo?) on top. The bread was OK, but nothing spectacular (Dandelion and Le Parc both have better breads, and theirs are free) and the 'house-made' butter was really really weird. Apparently it's the live culture that creates a funky/cheesy smell and taste. It's definitely not for everyone (personally, I thought it tasted rancid). And the bread+butter are $5...
The grilled cornmeal cake with ice cream was very so-so. Cornmeal cakes are heavy, and grilling it does not make it better at all. They were trying to carry the grilling concept over to the dessert menu, but it's just a silly idea. And the ice cream had virtually no taste.
Final issue, my wife couldn't find any red wine she liked. And wines by the glass are expensive: hers was $15 and wasn't special.
In that price range, we have many better options nearby. Not coming back.I was pretty disappointed with my lunch here. Started off with the carrot salad, and then I got the eggplant sandwich. The carrots were way under cooked and far too crunchy to my liking. Practically raw. The eggplant parm sandwich was also underwhelming. There were several small pieces of deeply Fried eggplant. I would preferred one large piece of lightly fried eggplant. The french fries were good, but it's not that hard to make good french fries. Service was very slow. They even gave us a free grilled lettuce to apologize for the slow service, but I was not a fan of that dish either. The only reason I give it two stars is because my friend ordered the beef tartare, and he said that was very good. Sadly I will not return.a. beet salad full of soft, oozing red beets seated on a large fluffy cloud of airy, semi-sweet mascarpone.
+
a. glass of the smoothest pinot noir.
+
a. bowl of 5 large, luscious, juicy shrimp speckled with black pepper, swimming in a cool sea of saffron broth with soft tomato pieces, and topped with spicy tortilla strips.
+
a. small plate of chopped chilled asparagus resting complacently on a bed of creamy orange puree.
=
a. wonderful meal.Disappointed, with a capital D.  First, we had a reservation, and understood that outdoor dining was first-come-first-served.  We stood with our pups for a good 10 minutes before they allowed us to sit at the one empty table, which had been empty since we arrived.   Second, the food.  My daughter's entree arrived a good 10 minutes before mine.  The server was very apologetic, and offered us a free cocktail.  As for the taste of the food....my halibut was delicious.  My daughter's skate with carrot puree was not to her taste at all.  We shared my entree, and left  her entree uneaten.  Sorry, but the free cocktails could not override the other issues we had with the meal.  Too many options in Rittenhouse area.  I won't return.was excited to try a. kitchen, but minus a star because portions are so small for the price per dish. although a.kitchen  claims to NOT be a tapas restaurant, asking patrons to order 2-3 dishes of small plates per person, at $14-$18 per plate begs the question....so what are you exactly? the food was actually very good, but for the three of us, among 8 main dishes, plus wine, and dessert- we left craving a good burger/hearty slice of pizza. the bill probably left room for just that actually. not that i am against paying a lot for good food, but when you have places like amada, which actually IS a tapas restaurant where you leave feeling full and satisfied (and probably pay less despite it being a garces` restaurant), it's hard to justify a place like a.kitchen.
some amazing dishes we had were the lobster muffins- large succulent pieces of lobster between two buttery slider-ish buns- you must order this! the foie gras, and the blue crab w/ pesto were also stars. i wasn't a fan of the pork (or beef??) tongue over lentils. i normally love lentils and have had pork & beef tongue before the but the lentils had a strange texture+flavor, and the tongue was a bit dry. i would skip this. the chocolate panna cotta was very, very good, as was the coffee at the end. 
it's a tasty place to try a few dishes, and i love the decor. very warm, simple, yet modern, with large windows that face 18th street (great for people watching).  a great place for a date in terms of atmosphere, but don't expect to get full.A friend and I stopped by a.kitchen while it was still under construction and chatted with the owner. The concept seemed right up my alley, but it has sadly taken me this long to dine there. An Indian summer night encouraged us to enjoy the intimate outdoor dining. I'm disappointed we didn't come here sooner! The cocktails were delicious (albeit extremely expensive...$12 and $14 for quite tiny drinks). We started our meal with the sweetbreads and octopus, both of which were fantastic. The flavors were spot-on. We then shared the cacio e pepe, a simple but well-flavored pasta dish. Unfortunately, the pasta took "al dente" to a whole new level. We actually requested that they remake the dish because the pasta was so hard it was getting stuck in my teeth. The second dish was just as bad. Rather than asking again for another dish, we ate it and focused on the great flavor rather than the crunchy pasta. I would have loved some bread to sop up the delicious sauce, which was made creamy by a cracked-open sunny side up egg. Overall, we had a very good dining experience. The place is pricey and the undercooked pasta was disappointing. But the dishes were inventive and flavorful and I'm sure we'll be back!A.kitchen gets A D-grade for food.
Which is disappointing - because with the chef pedigree, the location, gorgeous design interior with open kitchen, you would think you're in for an A+ meal. But not so, my foodie friends, not so.
Perhaps we're poorly ordering over and over again, but the salads and sandwiches just aren't up to snuff.
Service is a bit detached, cold. 
Salads lack a bit of color, a lot of flavor - terribly bland.  But the definite stand-out disappointment were the mushroom croquettes- its contents and sauce were so off-putting, so much so that both my lunch companion and I had a terrible after-taste that lingered long after the meal was over.
One highlight however, was the delicious homemade English muffin that had the right amount of fluffiness, crunch with a hint of sweetness and this thankfully was the only factor that took a simple deli tuna salad to a more gourmet level.
Otherwise, a very average, expensive lunch all around.I have always loved this place, until tonight.  Horrible service, drinks not available, pasta just so-so, extremely long wait for dessert.  I probably won't go back.This was our first visit to a.kitchen for brunch and we were not disappointed. We had standard brunch drinks - Bellini and Bloody Mary - which were fine, but the food was definitely the star of this meal. The pastry basket could possibly be the best deal in the city - three phenomenal pastries for less than $5! These are huge pastries - definitely meant for sharing! We both had the crab cake Benedict, which was divine as well. We will definitely add this to our regular brunch rotation!Portions are pretty small for the price, but everything I have tried has been excellent, from the seasonal spiral pastas to the carrots. If you are starving, this is not your spot. But if you are looking for some refined bites, head on over- especially in warmer months when the outdoor seats are available.A.Kitchen is a great spot for weekend lunch at the corner of Rittenhouse Square. The menu is pretty modern with a mixture of Nordic, American and French style kitchen. Portions are not huge but you will not leave hungry either - amazing selection of freshly baked bread. Atmosphere is trendy with a bar for eating facing the open style kitchen. We were a bit concerned about food smells hanging in our clothes afterwards but there wasn't a hint. Will come back for sure!I want to love this place but the food just doesn't thrill me. The place is in a great location and has a pleasant atmosphere. The servers are courteous and attentive. The menu options generally offer something out of the ordinary which adds interest. Unfortunately, often the taste falls short of delicious. The arugula salad was very stemmy (I know it doesnt have to be that way because I have had much more leafy arugula elsewhere), the trout, a large portion, tasted good but not great, and the cookies were disappointing. The rating of 3 stars says A-OK but I would leave out the A.i wanted to love it.  i love the location, i love the friendly vibe that i got walking in the door.  but the food was way darn overpriced.  and although good--nothing special.  i paid $6 for rolls?  tiny tiny rolls?  turnips for $7?  that fit into a tiny bowl (and i couldn't taste the miso?) and wagyu steak...  i think there were about 3 pieces on my plate.  although tasty, i felt still half hungry and wanted to get a slice of pizza afterwards.Felt rushed, had the dorade whole fish and it was awful was sick all night.  Limited menu. Loud and bad acoustics.  Will not go again.Best 4 bites I've had in a while! This place has a great location, and pretty good food.  They should definitely warn their patrons about the small plates. This place is more like an extremely expensive tapas place. Had they not served free liquor I'd probably be disappointed. 
Good thing I'm on a diet!Expensive brunch place. Beer comes in small glasses. Cheaper and better places around.The food here is decent. It's not bad by any means but just ok. 
My beefs with a.Kitchen are that the menu is limited when you go for brunch and want more of a lunch item (they have all of three sandwiches on the menu). It's also way too small in here, and unless you are a gossip queen, you will probably hear way too much about who or what the next table over did last night.
They do have really good homemade english muffins, though...One of my favorite places to sit and get a glass of wine in the city. Every staff member is friendly and courteous. The food is amazing, they cook it right there behind you, and the wine is even better! They offer a wide variety of wines and the waiter or waitress explains each one perfectly. I took my mom here for lunch recently and she loved it too!found this place by accident and what a lucky break. the food was amazing. our waiter was super helpful and informed. also loved the cozy vibe and low noise level. loved it!Loved the atmosphere and the service. The grilled caesar salad was over cooked to the point of soggy and soaked in dressing. Seared walleye with green almond romesco sauce was crispy and flakey, but salty. Across the board, everything was too salty, from the High Street Sourdough with house butter (with sea salt atop) to the salad, the main course, and the chocolate custard with candied (and salted) almonds.A sophisticated restaurant that, alongside the adjacent a.bar and aka Rittenhouse Square hotel, is part of quite a budding lifestyle-brand empire. 
As for a.restaurant, the "power lunch" is a good way to sample their offerings at a good value. It comes with an appetizer-sized serving of either salad, seafood ("fruits of the sea"), or veggies ("of the season"), plus an entrée selection. 
I chose the beets a la grecque, accented with blueberry, olives, and goat cheese, which were a pleasant way to start the meal. The salmon on rye, accompanied with cucumber, cloumage, and soft egg, was quite a savory dish, with none of the fishy taste you'd see with low-quality ingredients. 
The restaurant is a fairly compact, bar-sized venue that seats about a dozen people at a counter wrapping around the food prep area, plus another 20-30 people at tables overlooking the street. I stopped by late in the lunch cycle and while the hostess was on top of her game, the waitress, while certainly getting most of the professional touches right, was clearly unenthusiastic about serving another customer. Sometimes experiences like these can leave a bit of a sour taste on what was otherwise quite a good meal.The small plate revolution continues. It was really delightful to be honest. Great cocktails, wonderful wine list, and every plate we had, but one (the extra fatty pork belly) was to die for. Four eaters, with four very different preferences, all left satisfied. Not easy, but totally worth it.
Our server was awesome and so it the ambiance of the place.This place is amazing! Great food, drink, and service. I highly recommend the duck breast, potatoes, and stuffed squid.Every dish exceeded my already high expectations. Innovative and friendly with a great atmosphere.A kitchen 
This was probably my third time eating here and it is high time I wrote a review.
 Tonight I tried their house made nocino for the first time. It is spirits that are allowed to sit with unripe and green walnuts and then the walnuts are removed and the spirits mixed with simple syrup to give it a very sweet taste. At a kitchen the nocino is mixed with coriander.
The wine was a sweet Cabernet blend château LaRocque 2013 cotes de France. 'Twas an ancient working farm in the heart of armagnanc, cassis tobacco, cloves silky tannins. 
Started within the amuse bouche  thin cracker with a black sauce. Very tasty. 
High Street sourdough- vegetable ash house made butter. The most interesting thing here was the vegetable ash which is grilled vegetables that have literally been burnt to ash which I sprinkled on the bread which gives it an earthy flavor. 
Sweet Amalia oysters half-dozen grilled lime mignonette. Wianno cape cod were served in lieu of the amalia oysters. Still a suitable substitute. 
Grass fed PA beef Tartare- crispy potato skins béarnaise.  The beef tartare was very flavorful and the presentation with the potato skins soaked in a malt vinegar sauce was very interesting. 
See scallops roasted cauliflower curtido Aji dulce. Probably my favorite dish of the night the cauliflower purée was fantastic.
Rutabaga gratin sweet potato havilah brown butter. Interesting take on sweet potatoes. Very tasty, loved the grated cheese on top. 
Spiced cauliflower black garlic avocado. Very good the avocado sauce was very tasty it seemed to be spiced with jalapeño pepper or something because it had quite a kick to it at the end. It was also very sweet.   Greek yogurt avocado lemon purée shallots on top the black garlic drizzle and the grilled pickled peppers give it the spice.
Overall excellent as usual and service was impeccable as always.Return? Definitely
Atmosphere (4) - Clean, spacous enough, easy to carry on a conversation. Located on nice street near park
Food (4) - , hamachi crudo (5 - hot mustard nice addition), smoked beets (4), nebrodini mushrooms (3), chicken (3+ - greens side 4+), carrot cake (3 - little dry, too much cream cheese)
Service (4) Almost too nice, not rushed
Cost = Total tab before tax/tip was $122 w/ 3 glasses of wine (4 - picpoul)Horrible. 
We were one of two tables and the service was insanely slow and the waitress just seemed confused and lost.  
Cold bacon, burnt toast, soggy 'crisp' potatoes with a weird sauce. 
Do not go here.I have been wanting to eat here basically since I heard it opened, and was happy to get a chance this week for lunch.
The hostess sat us right away.  It was a sunny day and my friend and I sat at a spacious table near the open windows.  Great spot to people watch and take in the beautiful day.  Water and bread came out right away and the server gave us the appropriate amount of time to view the menu.  We started with the beet and broccoli rabe.  The beets were cooked perfectly and the honey yogurt sauce's sweetness complimented them well.  The broccoli was a little overcooked and had a bit of a bitter taste that I wasn't crazy about.
I ordered the chicken pancetta sandwich with age provolone.  The portion was pretty big and it came with homemade chips.  The chicken was moist and the panetta was fresh and tore easily.  The bread was soft and the right thickness.  The dressing used (some type of red pepper I think) was good but extremely runny/ messy. I was continuously wiping my hands.  Which brings me to another downside.  The napkins.  They provided us with bar rags, which presentation wise isn't great but what got me was that it got lint all over your clothes.  My friend and I were both wearing black dresses and it was annoying to have to wipe all the lint off afterwords.  The only other downside was that after we finished our meal, it took awhile for the check.  Normally, I do not mind though during lunch service I would expect it to be a bit faster.
I will definitely go back to try out brunch and dinner.  Overall, it's a nice addition to rittenhouse.Wonderful food with great small atmosphere and excellent drinks and waiters. We ordered the Seared Rare Tuna Caesar Salad and Three-Cheese Plate for appetizers and we recommend this so highly as well as the items for dinner. For dinner we had the Chili Glazed Swordfish, the Grilled Scottish Salmon, and the Lamb Bolognese with Tagliatelle. What an excellent combination and highly professional and well-cooked and not too long of a wait. It's a perfect night-out yearning for a second visit.Was good went to rest week service was nice water never empty main course we're good desert was lame average cup of wine $12Tiny place,a bit loud, and expensive, but delicious food, terrific cocktails, and really attentive and helpful service.BRUNCH REVIEW.
We made reservations at A.kitchen for Mother's Day brunch, it was a perfect day and they had the doors open and everything was pretty much open air.  We were sat immediately and the service was great and not too overly attentive.  We started off with the 4 pastries, all of them were very good, not as good as the doughnut misto at Alla Spina but definitely up there.  I ordered a cocktail, the Standard Breakfast which was very good, I had 2 and coffee which was nice and strong.  For the mains we went with the rhubarb french toast and the wagyu steak and eggs with a frenched onion and potatoes.  Everything was awesome, the steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and the potatoes were hot and crunchy.  The onion and eggs (over-easy) were also well prepared.  There are 2 reasons why I didn't rate this place 5 stars, one is because everything on the menu was pretty safe and after our dinner at Fork I expected something a little more adventurous.  Second, the timing for the arrival of the entrees was a bit off, 1 arrived and we sat awkwardly for 3-4 minutes until the other arrived, it is somewhat nitpicky I realize and it wouldn't prevent me from dining there again but at an upscale restaurant like this I would expect the timing to be on point.  Overall a quite enjoyable morning right off the square and I would absolutely recommend A.ktichen for brunch and I look forward to returning some time in the future for dinner.