Been here twice and both were a great experience. Food was great. Pork belly Reuben, Brussels sprouts, and more.This is a wonderful restaurant with stellar service. If you're looking for a true dining experience, look no further. The food is executed so well and the wine list is refreshing. I've dined here a number of times and everything was consistent. The staff is also hot AF.We had very high expectations since we love Zahav.  Abe Fisher exceeded those expectations and we were "WOW"ed by the experience.  As different as it is from Zahav, it is equally impressive.  Though everything was amazing, the brussel sprouts, chopped liver, pork belly, gefilte fish and veal tacos were most memorable. Cocktails, wine, dessert, and service were outstanding as well.  We were fortunate to grab the only two seats at the chefs table.  We look forward to going back and trying the smoked short ribs, which looked succulent and delicious.I've been trying to muster up the words to describe our awesome experience at Abe Fisher, but all you really need to know is that you need veal schnitzel tacos in your life immediately.
The chef's skill at balancing flavors is on full display in every dish, and my only regret is not having the stomach capacity to try everything on the menu.
$39 a person lets each person at your table choose three small plates and a dessert, which was perfect for sharing and trying a huge variety of food. I wouldn't change a single thing about our choices tonight:
Course 1:
- Raw and marinated bass: perfect start, could bathe in the avocado cream
- Borscht tartare: I don't even like beets and this was phenomenal
Course 2:
- Kasha varnishkes: so rich, could've been a dessert or a meal and I wouldn't have thought twice
- Sweet and sour meatballs: I would put this sauce on everything
Course 3:
- Lamb leg: my fiancée is still blown away by the amount of flavor packed into the lamb
- Veal schnitzel tacos: unanimous choice for favorite dish of the night, just get it
Dessert:
- Bacon and egg cream: this sets the bar dangerously high for bacon in desserts
- Almond panna cotta: my fiancée was disappointed she couldn't get the apple strudel (tree nut allergy) until this came out and she apologized to the culinary gods for ever doubting this place after the first three coursesA fan of what sounded like a really good menu, I wasn't impressed with either the portions or the combinations of plates presented. Perhaps it was too new that even though we tried several dishes as a group, the overall was a weak impression.Great food all around. Great scene. Came in after a long day at work during a business trip in Philly. Sat at the bar and literally was impressed by everything that I ordered off the bar menu. Cocktails we're phenomenal also. All round great place for a nice business dinner, date or happy hour.Food is fantastic. A modern take on traditional Jewish dishes, making them unrecognizable in a good way. The music sucks- like you're in a sports bar and 20 years old. Too loud and totally inappropriate! Who is their music selector! So wrong. There were families with babies, and young children, and older couples. The music should have been just instrumental, lower in volume, and more in line with the ethnicity of the food.My husband and I were happy to try this restaurant last Saturday but the food will not draw us back. 
The positives: Friendly wait staff. The shrimp fried rice was good, although the texture of the rice was a little off.  The veal schnitzel tacos were okay (my husband enjoyed them very much), but I thought the veal was too heavy and I did not enjoy the health salad on top.  We loved the apple strudel.
The negatives: The kasha varnishkes had an odd taste.  The corned pork belly was essentially a fatty pork rind, and I was just not a fan. The blood and smoke cocktail was my least favorite cocktail that I have ever ordered; the ice made it difficult to drink, and the flavor was much too smoky for my liking.  
I did not enjoy the restaurant's décor; I felt refreshed upon leaving.PROS: Tasty yet simple dishes, great desserts, fast service
CONS: -
The borscht tartare, shaved beets topped with a half-egg and trout roe, and the salmon gravlax, cubed salmon with thinly sliced radishes and chunked potato latke, were simple in flavor but appetizing as starters. The kasha varnishke was a tad salty and dull, reminiscent of Americanized ravioli, but the roasted salmon was perfectly cooked and paired finely with the dill sour cream and swiss chard. For dessert, I enjoyed the almond panna cotta --- the almond flavor reminded me of a thicker, creamer version of Chinese annin tofu/xingren doufu, paired with various small, sliced fruits. The food here is pretty solid overall.Food was amazing, and the best service/foh staff we have ever experienced in the Philly area.So many amazing reviews, I really wanted to love this place and was eagerly waiting for my reservation. Loved the atmosphere and decor. Very cozy and on a smaller side. Love when places let you see the food prep, nothing to hide, always a good sign. Our reservation was at 9 and at around 9:25 we were finally seated. I didn't try any of the drinks as I didn't crave any of them. I did taste my husbands tequila drink. It was yummy and refreshing, although slightly on a sweet side. The wine list although small was excellent and my wine was amazing. The service was solid and nothing out of the ordinary. 
The food was a mix. I found the concept very intriguing and as mentioned earlier, was very excited. I grew up eating Easter European Jewish food and was curious to see the execution in this small tapas format. When I say small tapas, there is no exaggeration. They were small, tiny, minuscule. The three of us shared three tasting menus and basically had 9 dishes to try. Most of the dishes had exactly 3 tiny little pieces of food. The tacos come as a 2 and they did add an additional taco for $7. 
From the first course we tried the chopped liver, mackerel and latkes. All three were very yummy and no complaints there. Presentation was lovely. Chopped liver was atypically very light and the grilled rye bread delicious. 
From the second course we had Brussels Caesar salad, poek belly Reuben and the roasted mushrooms. Not sure why the mushrooms are even on the menu, very unoriginal and not much flavor. The salad was probably my favorite. Perfect balance of acidity and sweetness with amazing rye bread croutons. I just wish there was more or it! I didn't really get the Reuben. It was just one bite and I mostly tasted the cheese. I think it might have been good if there was more of it to dissect. 
For the third, we had the veal tacos, the steak and a fish entrée. Not sure why people raved about the tacos? The veal inside was very well executed, but when eating together with the heavy flour tortilla, the taco was left dry and flavorless. All I tasted was the tortilla. The steak was unfortunately inedible. Although it was cooked to perfection, the three of us agreed that it was way too salty. Roo salty to even finish. The fish was good. It had a very crispy shell, but I was not a fan of the romanesco it came with. It was overlooked and borderline mushy. 
The desserts were decent but nothing too memorable. Bacon and egg cream was probably the most interesting. It was far too sweet for me, but clever and the bacon flavor did come through very subtly in the little crunchy prices found in the middle. I think one of federal donuts would have been a plus on that menu!
Maybe my expectations were just too high, but I didn't love the place. I typically wait for two visits before leaving a review, but not sure I'll be going back soon.I love all things Solomonov, so I knew I had to try Abe Fisher.  My experience with Jewish food is limited to several Passover dinners I attended in college as a Shiksa.  My friend and I were seated promptly on a Saturday night and it really wasn't as busy as I thought it would be.  We decided to split a bottle of wine. They have a lot of options I was unfamiliar with and the server was very helpful with her descriptions.  For the food, we had the brussels sprout salad, the carrots, the kasha, the reubens, the salmon, and the lamb.  The stand outs were the brussels sprouts, and the reubens.  Those dishes would be excellent for happy hour.  The salmon was also very nice.  The only thing that disappointed me was the lamb.  I thought it would be a more braised, fall off the bone style, but it had more of a steak texture and it didn't have a ton of flavor.  The latke and mustard it was served with was great.  We chatted with a couple next to us, and they had high praises for the tacos and the chopped liver,  and the short ribs if you can get it, but said to skip the steak.  For dessert we had the bacon and egg cream and the black and white.  The desserts are pretty substantial for a tasting menu.  The bacon and egg cream was good, the bacon was not overwhelming, but I really loved the black and white.  Overall I would say that I like Zahav better, but Abe Fisher is definitely worth a shot.Top notch all the way. Amazing modern take on classic meals. Stunningly presented, only to be exceeded by the taste of every dish. Nice modern deli-ish design and great music. Waitstaff was absolutely hamish, sweet and doting. This was a birthday dinner and seriously, the team went out of their way to make it a special night. The smoked short rib is not to be missed. It's a pre-order item, not available to a party of two, but my wife was able to arrange a sample.  Other highlights were the gravlax, the knish, the chopped liver, and the Gefilte fish. The deserts, save room, were surprising and scrumptious. Congratulations to Michael Solomonov for once again raising the bar in Phila. Destination Dizengoff next time.Abe Fisher has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Besides the food, which is like eating at your Bubbe's house (if your Bubbe watched Top Chef), the service is impeccable.  I've had sit-down dinner here twice, but this review is really for happy hour, which is an incredible deal: it's every day of the week from 5-7, with $5 small plates and $7 cocktails.  The bar is small, but if you get there early and can get a seat you really get spoiled. We got there around 5:15 and each ordered a cocktail, and while we were drinking the kitchen continuously sent out free small sampling plates for everyone at the bar.  The servers and bartenders are friendly and down-to-earth.  
One last thing: if you like dirty martinis and/or pickles, the Abe Fisher Cocktail is a must-order.The food lived up to the standard we have come to expect from Michael Solomonov. The smoked salmon cake and the the veal schnitzel tacos are must haves. We ended dinner with the apple strudel, WOW. Service was excellent. Although I think Zahav can't be beat, Abe Fisher came very close!In Philadelphia for the week-end with my husband from Seattle.  We both grew up eating Jewish food in New York and was lucky enough to get a reservation Saturday night.  This is by far one of the most enjoyable and unique eating experiences we've had.  The server was knowledgeable and  all of the were friendly and very efficient.  The drink combinations including the Manischevitz wine (known in the Jewish community as cough syrup) somehow was turned into an incredible drink.  The food  was absolutely delicious.  The restaurant manager was very personable, interested getting feedback and spent time talking with us.  Only wish we had an Abe Fisher in Seattle!I'm biased. I know what sweet and sour meatballs, stuffed derma, and chopped liver are supposed to taste like.
Even at its best, Jewish food is just kind of OK. At its worst - gefilte fish - it can be downright nasty. 
To give some perspective, Katz' is the ultimate Jewish culinary mecca: "gourmet" is a French, definitely not a Yiddish concept.
Which is why I'm so impressed with Abe Fisher. A chef is defined by the challenges he takes on, and making Jewish home food worthy of a fancy restaurant is no mean feat. 
The chopped liver is delicate and mousse-like and the equal of foie. (No more lumps, no more faint whiff of iron).
The meatballs avoid the sickly sweetness that traditionally is their calling card.
I have to stand and applaud the gefilte fish, both for the ballsiness of putting it on the menu and the execution: how do you take slimy fish balls and make them fragrant and delectable...amazing.
And to wash it all down with a chocolate bacon egg cream? Abe Fisher, you've done your people proud.I recently checked out Abe Fisher for the first time on New Year's Eve, which may have been a bad time to get the full experience. Even though the place is quite small, the ambiance is noisy and a bit reminiscent of a 50's diner with a modern twist. My girlfriend and I skipped the 3-course prix fixe in favor of the 35-day dry aged rib eye for two. It looked and sounded much better than it was. The chef's choice of small plates included venison carpaccio and latke with salmon, which were tastey. The wine list was sufficient with a few nice options by the glass. I had a strange dessert containing bacon, Oreo crumbles, and chocolate foam which was actually quite good. The Devil's food cake, on the other hand, was very dry. Service was adequate but a little rushed. For the same price, I don't think I can recommend Abe Fisher over Zahav.Just finished fantastic dinner. This place is top notch across the board - food, service , atmosphere ! Our dinner started off with savory rugelach - fabolous !
We had the duck special - out of this world. The dish was to be shared by 2 people. Duck was prepared to perfection , came with shmaltz rice, kishka, Chinese buns ( pillows of goodness ) kale salad as well as 3 small plates of our liking ( or you can be surprised ). We had pork belly Reuben outstanding flavors , potato latka with salmon as well as Venison carpaccio, we also had the chicken farfel  - it was like eating at grandma's! 
Dessert was equally impressive - apple crisp yum! I would have this over and over again everyday! 
This is a well priced restaurant for the quality of food and service you receive. 
I will definitely come back when I'm back in Philly.Incredibly creative menu. Absolutely delicious food. Fabulous drinks.   I had very high expectations when I went the first time and the restaurant surpassed them. I brought a friend for their birthday once. They were initially not very tempted by the menu descriptions, but agreed to give it a shot.  They left the restaurant incredibly impressed and looking forward to returningWhen I was walking through Philadelphia this place caught my eye. The key to good food is the story behind the chef--and what a story it is. Chef Sichel brings mastery to his vision of what food should be. Fanciful creations make up his simple menu. He keeps everything unique and ensures everything you try will have you telling, "wow I've never had something like that before." 
I went in for dessert and had the best egg cream ever. A touch of bacon and Oreo crumbles and a drizzle of maple syrup, this bubbly concoction was as tasty as it is innovative. The staff was extremely pleasant and I'll definitely be going back.first off food ,5 star, everything, the duck main course, mackeral, kreplach, chicken liver, meal of a lifetime, service great also and the freebies, couldn't have been more generous, only complaint didn't have 2 more of us to go for the  short ribs!, savory rugalas a genius creation, another free bee, !! only issue was the space, a bit crowded, noisy and it was my 50th birthday but you know what ,
it's the food that matters and this is not the place to go to if you want fancy, romantic so that's on us. Wow, can't say enough good things about this place and they even they  mailed me back my sunglasses which I had left behind and live 2 hours away so wasn't able to pick up. Only food  disappointment, maybe quarter star deduction ,was the cherry tart dessert (more like a danish) , not bad, but not memorable like the other dishes. Mazel tov Abe Fisher.you hit the mark. . .This was a wonderful evening of great food touching upon memories of our grandmothers' labors of love! Truly attentive and informed staff. We even found a surprise in sharing the short ribs with another couple. A great experience!Great cocktails, delicious small plates and great service.This review is a little belated - we went to Abe Fisher last November. We thought every dish was excellent and just the right portion size. The corned pork belly reuben was to die for. We liked how the two of us ordered 6 dishes and the portion sizes were such that we could try a bit of everything. And the cocktails! We particularly like Blood & Smoke and Nobody Expects the Spanish Inquisition. 
We will definitely be coming back here!What a great meal for restaurant week! 4 courses for 35. My partner and I thought the plates would be small (as usual for a tapas place), but we left absolutely stuffed! 
Highlights of the meal: 
Borscht Tartare - Tasted like passover to me (in a good way)! So delish, many of the flavors of passover in 1 single plate!
Kisha Varnishkes - Amazing, but slightly salty, not TOO salty, but maybe they could have cut back.
Gefilte Fish - Amazing flavor, and by far the best gefilte fish i've ever had. 
Shrimp Fried Rice - Loved the playfulness of this dish!
Dry Aged lamb Minute Steak - Latke was perfect, like the flavors of the lamb, but it was served cold, which I didn't know if it was on purpose or not, but I didn't like it, and it felt like it wasn't on purpose. 
Sweet and Sour Meatballs - Highlight of the meal, fantastic sauce, amazing meat. All around fantastic!
For dessert it was the Bacon and Egg cream - So creative, served like a parfait, so delicious and balanced. My dining partner got the sour cherry soup. Also really good. Loved the cherry sauce!
The drinks were okay, My drink tasted good (The Abe Fisher Cocktail), but there wasn't anything on the drink menu that particularly excited me. Not sure why. 
Overall, fantastic meal and service.Although I still don't know who Abe Fisher is, I do know that the food here is pretty awesome - such an interesting, creative take on many home-made Jewish dishes that I've had in the past. They even have mixed drinks derived from Manischewitz, to complete the theme. 
As part of the Restaurant Week menu, we were able to taste the following: 
1st Courses: brussels sprouts caesar, salmon gravlax, and chopped liver. All were wonderful and actually went quite well together. (Three of us shared everything - and I think that is the way to go with this restaurant.) 
2nd Courses: kasha varnishkes, corned pork belly reuben, and the lokhen kugel. I didn't like these as much as the first course items, as they were a bit heavy and ordinary. I also felt the kugel could have had a bit more duck in it. 
3rd Courses: stuffed trout gefilte fish, cholent pot pie, and stuffed cabbage. I was a bit disappointed that some items advertised on the RW menu were not available when we got there, namely the Roumanian steak and the dry-aged lamb leg. We had intended to try these items, along with the gefilte fish. The cholent pot pie was fine in terms of flavor, but the meat in it was a bit tough and dry. The stuffed cabbage was also good, but did not really stand out. However, the gefilte fish was very interesting and altogether well-executed. Instead of being a round patty of mystery fish substance, this version of gefilte fish was most definitively a trout "cylinder" stuffed with more mashed up trout. The side carrot salad paired well with it, though I felt the carrot puree would have been better if less sour and more horseradish-y.
Desserts: almond panna cotta, apple strudel, and the bacon and egg cream. All were amazing, but I especially liked the subtle almond flavor and silkiness of the panna cotta, regretting that I was only able to take a few bites of it. The bacon and egg cream was surprisingly good. 
I believe the desserts ended the meal on a strong note. This is definitely a restaurant I would return to try more items. They offer same 4-course menu on a regular basis for $39 per person, which is not a bad deal for those who intend to order dessert anyway.The salmon cream cheese dip was exactly what I would want from this type of dip. Strong cream cheese flavor, a good amount of salmon flavor, with enough garnish that stands out. Every bite tastes like the first! Nothing was overpowering, yet everything stood out on its own. 
The tomato dip with whipped butter is unbelievable. Never have I have something that was basically tomato purée turn out extraordinary! The closest thing I can equate it to is a pimento like flavor in the mid tones, but otherwise, this is something special. My tongue brims with a zing every time I lick my lips.  
The chicken liver mouse was actually a little too strong in the gamy flavor! Luckily it sits only in the high tones, but it overpowers the onion bacon jam. I had to eat the jam by itself just to see what it actually tasted like. 
The zucchini blossoms are a beautiful presentation for what's essentially blue fin salad. The blue fin had a wonderfully smoked yet creamy flavor. The breading surrounding it offered a light, but sturdy layer of fried breading. The veggies surrounding it don't stand out much all together, but they do offer a nice, warm low tone in the backdrop. 
The veal schnitzel taco is a gong of flavor that awakes my senses. However they prepare the meat is phenomenal. Moist, has a little chew so it doesn't feel like mush, a nice gamy flavor, with plenty of robust grease flavor. Even 5 minutes after eating this, my tongue is still resonating from the flavors! The veggies are definitely in the backdrop, not trying to step on the toes of the meat.  
The pasta and pickle salad are Ok, but they are basically filler. No need to pig out on these things.  
I can see why the Montreal short rib is popular. Slow cooked, not braised, crispy bark, lots of beefy flavor, and tender. If I wasn't from Texas, I'd think this stuff is gold. The salt-grease-meat ratio in flavor was well balanced. I love the fact that the chefs tasting menu offers this, as the full order of the short rib is huge! Make sure to drink plenty of water.  
The bacon and egg dessert sounded amazing, but it comes off much lighter in taste than I hoped for. By no means was it bad, but nothing popped in flavor or had a zing to it. The bacon and eggs are detectable, but you have to focus pretty hard to get a grasp on the whole composition. I was hoping for an explosion of flavor, but it came off much more conservative.  
Overall, Im happy with the chef's approach in a city that's fairly traditional. The Montreal short rib draws attention, but some of the other offerings are well executed. I wouldn't say this is an absolute must to visit while in Philly, but you wont be disappointed.My stars reflect the food only. The service was fantastic.
With Zahav being our favorite restaurant in the city, my girlfriend and I were excited to try Abe Fisher during Restaurant Week. Unfortunately, our experience left a lot to be desired.
First, the menu had many differences from the one posted online. Some of the dishes we were excited to try (notably the Salmon Belly Gravlax and Dry Aged Lamb Minute Steak) were nowhere to be seen. I can understand menu discrepancies like these happening, particularly for restaurants that are known to often change their menus, but for a place that has been open for just over a week, it was a bit surprising.
The second issue was when I told our waitress of my gluten allergy. When I called the restaurant a week prior, I was given the impression that there were plenty of options to choose from and several substitutions that could be made if needed. However, when she showed me my options, they were few. Three out of five vegetable dishes (no problem), two out of five fish dishes (oh...), and only one out of five meat dishes (really?). I wasn't expecting everything to be available for me due to the nature of the cuisine, but the fact that no mention was made of at least being able to make substitutions for some of the fish and meat dishes was disappointing. Making due with the choices at hand, I ordered the borscht tartare, grilled salmon, and steak. My girlfriend went with the radish salad (also gluten-free), smoked sable cake, and the corned pork belly.
The radish salad was mostly good, with the highlight being the delicious candied pine nuts. However, along with cooked pieces of radish, there were also large (maybe a half-inch or so) wedges of raw radish, which were difficult to handle. Raw radish has a very powerful taste, and eating giant chunks of it drowned out the flavor of everything else.
Since I've never tried borscht before, the borscht tartare was probably not the best introduction for me. All I knew of the dish beforehand was that it's a soup made from beets. This was more of a cooked beet dish eaten with a fork (I guess that's the tartare description at work). While the freshly made potato chips and hard boiled egg on the side were nice, the borscht itself had an overwhelming horseradish flavor. We unfortunately couldn't finish it.
Our second courses were also mixed. My salmon was perfectly cooked with a crispy skin and melt-in-your-mouth flesh, but it was bland. There was a slight salmon flavor, but it was mostly texture. The succotash side contained very fresh tasting corn, but it also had way too much vinegar to the point where my lips and gums felt tingly when I was done. My girlfriend said her sable cake was good, though.
For our third course meat dishes, I enjoyed the steak a lot. It had a fantastic crust and was cooked to a nice medium rare. The charred broccoli and garlic sauce were both very nice accompaniments. But my girlfriend could barely eat her corned pork belly. Maybe she just expected something else. When she saw pork belly listed, she thought it would be a juicy piece of meat that had been brined and cooked. What she received were thin, peppery slices of pork that tasted like cheap deli meat. Her radish kraut also had too much vinegar, like my succotash. She said the potato latke was excellent, though.
At that point, the manager, Eilon, came by our table to ask how our meal had been. We told him the truth, making sure to also highlight the parts of our dinner that we really enjoyed. He was extremely kind and professional, and he apologized for the parts that weren't to our liking. We then ordered dessert. I had the pavlova with sour cherry soup (the only gluten-free option), and my girlfriend went with the bacon and egg cream with a chocolate foam.
Mine was the first dessert to arrive, which was shortly followed by Eilon presenting us with *two* bacon and egg creams. Huh? He explained that he didn't want us to go home hungry, and so they prepared the second one without Oreos for me (so I guess they can make substitutions after all). This was incredibly kind of him, if not a bit humorously misguided since my girlfriend was the hungrier one, being unable eat her meat dish, whereas I enjoyed my steak very much. Nonetheless, both desserts were tasty, rich, and filling, to the point that we both felt bad that we were too full to eat the extra one.
When Eilon brought our check, he apologized again for the mishaps and explained that, as a new restaurant, they're still playing around with the menu, seeing what works and doesn't, and making adjustments. He appreciated our feedback and said that hopefully they'll have more gluten-free options in the future. He even gave us a generous discount on our bill. Overall he was very professional (this can't be overstated) and really showed that he cares about his restaurant and wants his customers to enjoy themselves.
If we go back in the future, I really hope we have the experience he envisions.Fantastic restaurant week experience. The food was fresh, imaginative and delicious. No one in the kitchen was phoning it in. Staff was very knowledgeable and helpful.Go to happy hour. Enjoy some small plates. Rejoice in the cocktail selection. This place was a classy, fun time.Overall experience was a 4. Came here for restaurant week but I think they regularly offer their tasting for $39 instead of $35 during restaurant week. My favorite was the raw and marinated bass--fresh bass with pomegranate seeds and this side veggie thing that was delicious. The pork belly was also good, though thinly sliced like bacon with crispy thing on top of it. My friend found it to be too salty but I thought it was alright. I think we also had the trout gefilte fish that was wayyy salty that impacted the pork belly. 
Bacon egg and cream for dessert was fantastic. Rich but not overwhelming, the texture is great on the tongue. But finishing off with the pannacotta was perfect as it is light and refreshing.
Would come back again but may reconsider number of dishes as we were too full, and to even out number of salty dishes.My sister told me this was the best restaurant she's ever been to and that I had to check it out.. So I did. I took my boyfriend here last night, for his birthday. We decided to go for the three course + duck + two desserts option. As soon as we ordered they started bringing us food. It began with their version of "bread", which I can't quite describe except to say it's much better. As soon as we would finish eating something they would bring the next tray. We were so stuffed by the time the duck came but we managed to finish most of it because it literally melts in your mouth (and we took the rest home, of course). The desserts were also to die for. My sparkling wine was amazing. Will def need to come back to this fantastic place another time. My only complaint is that the music was a little loud but I still think it's a five star experience.This is my favorite happy hour spot in the city right now! Grab a seat at the bar, order a delicious wine from the really knowledgeable bartenders, devour the AMAZING savory mini rugelach and amuse-bouche, and order everything on the menu! Seriously. Everything I've had here has been fantastic, even the stuff that I typically find kind of gross is tasty here - like the chopped liver dish. Though the chopped liver here is more like a foie gras mousse with rye toasts. Heirloom tomatoes are always pretty great anywhere, but here they are exceptionally delicious paired with crunchy walnuts and boursin cheese sauce! It's been hard to find a spot with great drinks and great food for HH, but Abe Fisher is stellar on both fronts.
I've also been here for dinner - great service and great food! The veal schnitzel tacos are a must!As my belly quivered violently and methodically, my lover and I knew the need for a meal fast approacheth.  We were out on a lovers walk, you see, starry-eyed and aroused by the pure lust in the evening air.  I but wished I could kiss my lover right then and there, pressed against the BigBelly Trash Compactor, but I knew I would devour her, I was so famished.  Right then, as if blessed by Yahweh herself, we came upon Abe Fisher. 
My lover and I entered, greeted by pungent odors not unpleasant.  Upon being seated, we were gifted menus most interesting.  The foods, inspired by the Jewish Diaspora of centuries past, took us on a sensuous journey of tastes and textures.  As if my soul had left my body, I found myself in the shtetl square, my lover riding me as merchants sold their wares and klezmer music carried on the cool breeze.
My lover enjoyed a veal schnitzel taco as she made eyes at me.  My lover, you see, is quite the rapscalliion when aroused and famished.  I dined on chopped liver, the earthy flavors barely making it into my mouth, as my beard is bushy and manly.  Gravlax so sublime it was as if King Poseidon himself rode onto the land in his seahorse chariot and delivered it from the sea straight into my willing mouth.  A pork belly reuben that tasted of the Old World and New.  The only thing keeping me from leaping over the table and taking my lover right there was the neckbrace I was forced to wear after slipping on some nacho cheese I had spilled at the local theater.  
If you are hungry, and you are a lover, you must become lovers with Abe Fisher.First visit. FOOD: nice modern take on Jewish/Eastern Europe cuisine. Everything was tasty, but I can't say we had a WOW experience. SERVICE: nice, friendly, professional. VALUE: very good. AMBIANCE: modern diner. Overall it was a nice experience.Incredible. I came here on a business trip (although I used to live in Philadelphia) and ate at the bar. The avocado salad was exquisite. Gin cured fluke and salmon excellent also, chef tried a pasta plate out on me and it was the perfect complement. John C. was an excellent guide/waiter and paired some excellent wines, convinced me not to fear Spanish whites. I highly recommend a dining experience here.This is a little long so if you want to save yourself some time just read this - go to Abe Fisher. Go with a date or go with a group, order a bunch of plates and enjoy because everything you eat at this place is like a new and exciting adventure for your mouth. OK, now I will elaborate...
We already had planned to order from the prix fixe menu and are so glad we did! $39 pp for 3 plates and a dessert each turned out to be an amazing deal. We went here on Saturday before Valentines Day for a pretty early 5:15 reservation.  I walked in as the only customer in the place but quickly after being seated and my date arriving, the place was filling up fast.  We ended up trying the chopped liver, potato latkes, pickled mackerel, corned pork belly reuben, halibut and veal tacos. Everything, and I mean EVERY single dish, was prepared perfectly with really interesting and unexpected combos that complimented each other so well. I can't even pick one or two stand out dishes because absolutely everything was tasty, prepared well and generously portioned for small plates. We were able to try two desserts - the bacon and egg cream and the flourless chocolate cake. BOTH WERE AMAZING. We didn't exactly know what to expect from the bacon and egg cream but it turned out to be a layer of vanilla cream topped with bacon and oreo crumble and chocolate mousse with a smoked maple syrup on top. It was an unconventional combo (as were most of their plates) but a big winner. The flourless chocolate cake was served with some chocolate pieces and cranberry sauce and was so perfectly chocolately I'm pretty sure I had a chocolate orgasm.
Also, this place is killing it with the freebies. Within a few minutes of being seated we were offered free coat check and complimentary sparkling water and soon after ordering we were brought two small dishes to try. The service was impeccable. It was incredible how quickly our water was refilled, plates were cleared, table was wiped between each course without the servers being overbearing or annoying. Everyone we encountered was polite and friendly. 
The only negatives might be that the drinks seemed very small for the price (we didn't order but saw them at other tables) and the food was pretty heavy so if you're looking for lighter fare, this place might not be for you. It was the perfect spot for a decadent Valentine's meal at a reasonable price and we will definitely be back!i would call this place more of an experience than a restaurant. the fixed menu is filled with influences from a variety of cultures and the flavors are fantastic. the service is great and i have no complaints. the restaurant is a small space and crowded but they make the tables intimate. the portions are small but you get 3 courses from the menu so it adds up in the end. i left feeling full and happy.We went for restaurant week and it did not disappoint! We love Zahav, also by this group, and so we were eager to try Abe Fisher. Although we went for restaurant week, they also have a similar menu all year-round, where you can get three plates for $39, but it was nice to save a few dollars. The meal started with a nice sweet/savory rugelach, which was a great start and SO delicious. We had four people and had we known how the plates would be portioned (about four bites per plate) I would have encouraged our group to each get something different so that we could have tried more items. Overall, our favorites were the latkes, the brussel sprouts, and schnitzel tacos. Additionally, the chicken was described as one in our party as "the best chicken I have ever had". Seasoned and cooked perfectly, it was quite delicious. We got the bacon and egg cream for dessert and since we were already pretty full, it was nice to have something light to end the meal. However, typically I am more a rich-dessert person and this would not really measure up to that. Overall I think the savory items are better than the sweet, so I would recommend even just getting three savories (all from the lower section), or having only one person get dessert, if you are going as a couple. Will definitely be recommending this to our more-foodie friends, who are interested in unique combinations of ingredients.Hands-down one of the finest meals and dining experiences I've ever had. This is an absolutely must-visit place in Philadelphia. It's unique and spectacular.What happened to Abe Fisher-We were there a few months ago and the food was wonderful. Went there this week and what a change. The staff was rude and not  friendly. and the food was not the same. The menu changed and was certainly not as tasty.
We won't be back.I was really excited to dine at Abe Fisher.  I had read the reviews, and of course know of Zahav, so it was a nice surprise to get an early reservation for our family.  We tried a variety of dishes with the highlights being the liver (I don't even like chicken liver but this was incredible!), the pork belly reuben, the veal schnitzle taco, and the farfal were all divine.  Honestly, I didn't know what to expect and I was thrilled with the inventive menu.  The drinks were equally amazing - "About last night"... just yes, yes.  I would highly recommend this.  I told my husband I feel like I cheated on NYC this week... but I kinda liked it.The food is pretty good, not amazing. I think we decided that we'd go back for happy hour but probably not dinner again. 
The part that annoyed us most is the difficulty we had ordering a la carte. They seemed rather upset that we didn't want to order the 39 dollar tasting. They even tried to spin things that we were ordering into the tasting menu. When asked if we wanted to do the tasting,  our "no"  should have been sufficient. We didn't really want to defend our position. Instead of paying the 78 bucks we spent about 60 and we were full and happy.
All that being said...  Get the liver mousse and the veal tacos. Delicious.When I mentioned to the hostess that it would be hard to top Zahav (another restaurant in the same group), she assured me that Abe Fisher wouldn't disappoint. I admit I was skeptical at first.
My skepticism started to melt away after the first taste of rugelach. Different tastes than Zahav, but the philosophy of fresh done to perfection resounds here. Much like Zahav, I found the best parts of the menu were the small bites, and not the mains. Delectable crispy tongue, nicely balanced carpaccio and horseradish, and the heirloom tomato were a few of my favorites. A couple of Fedoras (one of Abe's signature cocktails), and to top it all off the bacon and egg cream left me wondering when I can come back for more!This is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.
The atmosphere is intimate and trendy.  The restaurant is a small which allows the waiters to tend to your every need.  The service was phenomenal from the coat check to the actual check.  You couldn't ask for more attentive staff, if anything it might have been a little too much at times. 
All of our food was exquisitely prepared and featured flavor combinations that you would never imagine to be as delicious as they are.  Eating the four course $39 Prix fixe menu is like being a judge on an episode of chopped, except you're only eating the winning dish from each round.
We didn't order drinks, however I really liked how the pricing for the cocktails and wines were all the same, it made it very easy to browse.
Amazing food, amazing service, casual intimate atmosphere, and a pretty reasonable price.  What else could you ask for?We had a really nice dinner at Abe Fisher a few weeks ago. The menu is very unique, I hate to use the word eclectic, but it's a crazy mish mash of flavors inspired by traditional american jewish cuisine. The cocktails were excellent, and the tasting menu is probably one of the best values I've seen in the city recently. Also, the service was friendly and professional. I can definitely recommend Abe Fisher.Can't say a single negative thing about this place. Food, service, ambience... perfection. Best amaro selection in Center City, best wine selection - all $7 for a long, daily happy hour. You can't go wrong.Tried the tasting menu. Overall, i thought the food was good, although I thought a lot of them were more on the saltier side... ive never really had real jewish food, but overall felt that everything tasted good (minus saltiness). more than the food, i loved the service. the staff was very attentive and very friendly!What an amazing experience. I dunno where to begin. The food or the staff. Everything was phenomenal. From the minute my husband and I arrived, we were made to feel welcomed. Our waitress gave a great over view of the menu, as it was our first time here. We went with the short rib option that gave us a nice sampling of smaller dishes prior to the main event! We loved it all. Will definitely be back in the future!Another Michael Solomonov hit.  Abe Fisher definitely exceeded my expectations.  I had warm childhood memories conjured while perusing the menu .  Yet, upon sampling the dishes, while the food was a bit reminiscent of the childhood food, it was so innovative and nuanced that I doubt I could enjoy my mother's matzoh brie again! 
The most noteworthy dishes: the squash caesar (phenomenal: don't let the "mundane" caesar salad element scare you, this is a homerun), veal schniztel tacos, duck blintzes (I'm still dreaming about these!), the matzoh brie (of course), and the pork belly reuben.  The only dish that was somewhat disappointing was the tuna crudo.  However, the amount of incredible food more than compensated.  
Oh yes, the savory rugelach is some of the best restaurant bread I've had in quite some time.  I didn't think I would ever enjoy non-sweet rugelach, alas Chef Solomonov has converted me.
Just go here.Dark hair girl with glasses was very ignorant to us. Felt very silly asking questions to her. I got a snigger when asked for descriptions. I thought it would be a welcoming place as I dined at the bar. Not so!We came here for my birthday dinner.  I'll be honest, when first looking at the menu before we arrived I wasn't all too excited, but we were staying at a hotel around the corner and they had a reservation open so why not?  We walk in and the hostess greeted us with a big smile and wished me a happy birthday, she knew from the reservation form, nice touch.  Our server came over immediately and wished me a happy birthday again.  She was very friendly and professional.  Then she asked if we wanted complementary flat or sparkling water.  I'm a seltzer fanatic so when I heard it was free I was surprised and happy!!  I ordered the Abe Fisher cocktail and my husband ordered the Mind Games cocktail, both were very strong but I'm not a drinker and my husband ordered a second (so he liked it!).  We both ordered the prix fixe $39 option, 4 courses each person and everyone at the table has to order this option.  Before our first course they gave us the complementary savory rugelach and house made chip with beet borsch on top.  Both were very tasty little bites.  First course (which is just $10 a plate if you order on its own):  salmon gravlax and chicken liver - both amazingly good.  Now I'm getting excited!!  Second course ($12 per plate if ordering on its own)  zucchini flower and Ruben sandwiches - the zucchini flower was our least fave of the night, if I had to do it over again I would order the tuna crudo instead.  Both were too heavy for a second course.  Third course ($14 per plate on its own) roasted salmon and skirt steak.  The salmon was cooked to perfection, could've used a tiny bit more seasoning.  The skirt steak was the star of the night.  It was like butter, the most tender piece of meat I've ever had!!  Fourth course ($9 per plate on its own) dessert:  bacon and egg cream as well as sour cream panna cotta.  I would go back just for the panna cotta, omg it's the best dessert I've ever had!  The bacon and egg cream was good, but I'm glad I shared it because I couldn't eat the entire thing by myself.  I could, however, eat a dozen panna cottas!!  Each server that came to our table wished me a happy birthday and was so friendly.  They also cleaned our table, gave us new utensils and plates between each course.  They were so attentive without being overwhelming or interrupting our conversations.  The manager came up to us after, shook our hands and asked how our experience was.  He was truly interested in what we had to say, which was the food was amazing and we will be coming back because of the service.  True fine dining experience, you won't be disappointed!!  They won top 21 best new restaurants in America from Eater.com and truly deserve it!I went to Abe Fisher a couple nights ago and had a blast..  I sat at the "chefs table" and watched those 20 something year old chefs do their thing.  They probably got a few "how you doin'?" from me but at least I didn't try to slap their asses.  That would have gotten weird.  Anyway, the service was excellent and the cocktails made with pickle juice were really good.  It's like a dirty martini with pickle juice.  I will have to go back to give a better review on the food.  Those pickle cocktails may be small but they are mighty.  I just realized that I had the gefilte fish and accidentally ate the skin on it which I don't do because it's funky.  Amateur move but like I said..those cocktails are stronger than you think!  Make sure you read what is on the menu before you get sauced!So good. We had a dinner for two where we both choose the prix fixe option. The amount of food was just right to allow us to enjoy a number of different dishes as well as satisfy our appetites.
The customer service was great across the board. Our server's name was Amy. The host and food runners were all polite and informative.
I plan to return.Initially was going to go check out Olde Bars happy hour but came here since it was closer.  Was able to get the last seat at the bar against the wall.  I started with a pinkish sweet drink and then went with the Green Belt which was not bad. Im not able to drink too much of anything sweet or sour so I switched to a glass of rosé.  So the first 5 items are for happy hour and I didn't realize that they were small bite size portions outside of the Brussels sprout Caesar which was a regular portion size.  The only one I remember the name of was the chicken liver mousse which was good.  The other bites I had were the umok, a short rib thing which was good and a butternut thing which was ok and this came to roughly $34.  I'll have to come back to try the regular menu but it was a good first stop and I was a little more full than I thought but left wishing I had gone to Olde Bar for what I'm assuming is a regular portion sized happy hour menu lol.  Good to know the happy hour is daily 5-7pm. Bartender was helpful with questions and suggestions and the place does seem nice and worth a revisitIncredible from start to finish! Attentive service but not too overbearing. Perfect night, prefect meal. On the drive home I turned to my husband to ask what his favorite part of dinner was....he couldn't decide because everything was so delicious and memorable. Can't wait to return!I have been so slow getting to this gem in the city that Im kicking myself.  I love the atmosphere; it's cozy, classy, comfortable.  It's also well designed to avoid being loud, which makes it uncommonly wonderful.
The food was perfect.  I joined friends for the short rib chefs tasting menu and we were hit with a barrage of dishes, each one a creative take on Jewish comfort foods.  Nothing was traditional and nothing predictable.  I loved how every single thing sent out by the chef was another exciting and unique combination of flavors.  The service was impeccable and our experience priceless.  Ive been to some chef's tasting dinners at highly ranked restaurants and none of them were close to this good and yet this one was so much more reasonably priced.   
I can't wait to come back!I was slightly intimidated by Abe Fisher's menu as I was very unfamiliar with most of all the dishes offered. Colleen, our server, was extremely helpful in explaining each dish and suggesting her favorites. Between the dishes we ordered and the dishes the chef surprised us with, I think we tried about 10 different things, each better than the last. Some honorable mentions: the tacos - by far the best dish of the night - the Kasha varnishkes, and the brussel sprouts ceasar - I wanted to eat a mountain of them!
To finish off, the black and white cheesecake was simply heaven. 
Overall, one of the best dinners in a long time! I cant wait to come back with my friends!Went for the first time on valentine's day and had a 5 star experience. 
Although it was recommended, we opted out of the prixe fix and just ordered a la carte because I wasn't that hungry... My date was slightly worried he would starve to death but I reassured him that if worse came to worse we'd order more...My favorites were definitely the Brussel sprout caeser, corned pork belly Reuben, and the  veal schnitzel tacos were to die for (you MUST order if you go here). I also really liked the sweet and sour meatballs, so tasty and flavorful. Dessert- bacon and egg cream . Just do it. Don't ask questions.  Chopped liver was super rich and yummy too. By the end of the meal we were extremely satisfied. 
Waitstaff was super knowledgable about the short yet complete wine list. If you like Spanish Tempranillo wines try the Tinta Roriz... Does not disappoint. 
On a side note: loved the more casual atmosphere and the funky playlist did not go unnoticed.  will be returning in the future and bringing more guests along with us so we can try the Montreal smoked short ribsSensational ones, twos, and threes (looking at the menu, you'll know what I mean)... I am so excited about this place. Only six months old, the sky seems to be the limit. It's hard to encompass the joy of our visit within a few sentences, but we were elated to sit at the chef's table, talk with the friendly and quick waitstaff, and gorge on all the great dishes. The brussel sprouts (a new appreciation), farfel (our first ever taste), latke (unique twist), and veal tacos all must be ordered or else you are making a life altering mistake (just kidding, you can always go back). Thanks to everyone at Abe for a marvelous meal (and super service) tonight!Great flavors but, way to heavy on the salt. The flavors of the food  were hidden behind the salinity of the dishes. Portions extremely small , very disappointed in size. Service was top notch . Andrew Zimmer you were off on your recommendation!   :(Unusual dishes on small plates to share. We had stuffed chiles, bluefish paste, tongue, latkes, sweet potatoes, each with a delicious and unique condiment, dressing, or sauce. All fabulous. Pricey. Great service. Rather noisy.Accomodated my daughter and I without a reservation which was much appreciated. Friendly service and the food was well paced and served hot. Tried several of their small plates and popular dishes and was not disappointed. Just ate way too much.
Nice to have this mix of flavors and variety and not the same old thing. Also have plenty of choices for my daughter who is a vegetarian.The food is absolutely delicious, very cool updates on old world Jewish cuisine. DEFINITELY get the chopped liver, Brussels sprouts, and salmon - although everything was delicious (and we ordered basically every item on the menu). Cocktails are also amazing.We tried the chef menus for a special family gathering. Food is phenomenal. The ribs are to die for -Insanely tender and juicy at the same time. Best I ever had. At the end of the dinner, we can barely squeeze any space for dessert. The environment is a little dark. Service is fast and attentive. I would recommend it to a out-of-town guest.So this is my 2nd time to Abe Fisher and we had another nice experience.  First i will start by saying they run a great business.  From the hostess to the waitstaff and bartenders service is topnotch.  I love the menu and options at Abe Fisher, but I have to say this time around the food itself seemed a little less wonderful.  We chose the chef's signature tasting menu at $60 per head.  We got plenty of food, but each of the small plates sort of hit the same note.  A bit too much salt, and less complex flavors that I remembered.
I still recommend Abe Fisher, but I came away this time a little less wowed than my first visit.The food was totally delicious, and the service very courteous. Moreover, there was an issue with my bill, and the staff proactively identified and resolved it, and were extremely helpful and communicative in follow-up. Great place!As a true NYC "foodie," Abe Fisher was truly a superb culinary experience. I ate here with some local friends who recommended the restaurant and had eaten there several times and convinced me to have the smoked Montreal ribs family style feast with 7, 8 or 9 (I lost count) hors d'oeuvres including chicken liver mouse, pickled Spanish mackerel), soup, salad, housemade ryebread, mustards and garnishes and two deserts! While a little on the pricey side, in my opinion it was well worth it - All dishes were superb and yes I was in a food coma for 24 hours.  Excellent mixed drinks and craft beer selection and fabulous service. Highly recommended. Call them first on availability of the Montreal Ribs - I think they need 24 hours advance notice. Enjoy!We loved the food and the happy-hour drinks, but these five stars are mostly for Eric the bartender, whose conscientiousness when it came to my (admittedly, annoying) food restrictions allowed me to eat and drink in peace. I had avoided Abe Fisher, daunted by the many dishes that contained mustard, to which I'm allergic. When I informed Eric (who kindly introduced himself to us) of my allergy, he came around from the bar, sat down next to me, and went through the entire menu in terms of what I could - and could not - eat. As I feared, there wasn't much, but he carefully vetted everything I ate, and so I enjoyed the chopped liver, the tomato salad, the olive and prune rugelach, the broccoli kugel, and the duck blintzes. At one point, I was about to taste my husband's Abe Fisher cocktail, but Eric noticed and quickly stopped me: the pickle juice in the drink contained mustard. To sum up, we had a wonderful, safe meal at the bar, thanks to his kindness and (delightfully not obsequious) solicitude.After going to Zahav the night before, we did not know how Abe Fisher could compare. Incredible food, service, everything!!!
Started with the small assortment of sushi inspired by things you see in a deli - incredible. Chopped liver mousse - so light and creamy! Then chicken with Swiss chard and schmaltzy potatoes and challah crusted cod. Both delicious. Finished with bacon and egg creme and chocolate babka - fantastic!! Service was great - everyone was so nice and we got to thank the chef before we left!!!Super awesome concept to have a restaurant serving foods of the Jewish diaspora. So first off, I have despised gefilte fish my entire life, perhaps an oddity for those of the Jewish diaspora (of which I am a member). But the gefilte fish here was outstanding. It was made from trout and bass. Also loved the veal tacos, roasted carrots, and kasha vernishkes. The veal tacos were a big hit. The veal had so much taste to it. We didn't care for the sweet and sour meatballs too much but we aren't big beef eaters. Have to rave about the abe fisher cocktail as well (dry gin + pickle juice). 
Highly recommend the 4-course tasting menu for $40. Definitely coming back here.Came here at 5:30pm for dinner but ended up at the bar instead for the happy hour deal. Happy hour is $7 for cocktails and first course items and wines. There's complimentary savory rugalech and this potato crisp thing as amuse bouche. We had the salmon gravlax which is pieces of salmon with latke--quite good, especially if you are a latke fan. Chopped liver was very tastey spread on thick rye bread with pieces of onions. Pork belly reuben was good, had this layer of cheese thing. Isn't super memorable though. and lastly we had the duck blintzes which is shredded duck inside of this crepe with fava beans and cherry--very delicious.
With two drinks and four dishes shared with two people, it was quite affordable. Granted we also ordered basvially all meat dishes which probably filled us more. Shout out to bartender Eric who was fantastic and took care of us!After such a positive meal at Zahav about 4 years ago, I had been wanting to try Abe Fisher for quite a long time. Of course, the parking is near impossible in this area but we lucked out with some street parking close by.
We didn't have any prior reservations so we were able to sit at the bar which was no issue as we could order a full menu there. We opted for the smoked sliced short ribs and the various dishes that came with the meal. These included chicken liver mousse along with two other dips, potato latke, a sweet potato dish, beef tongue dish, salads and pickled vegetables, pasta salad, rye bread, the main short rib dish, and 3 different desserts. 
All of the dishes were aggressively seasoned and definitely enjoyable. The standouts to me were the potato latke, the beef tongue, and the desserts. While the short rib was good, it wasn't as godly as described in the previous reviews. It wasn't fork tender, but it again, was aggressively seasoned which I liked. The mustards and various accoutrements accompanying the short rib were fantastic as well. The desserts included the bacon and egg cream, sweet potato cake, and hazelnut chocolate marshmellow tart, which were all nicely executed and perfectly enjoyable. 
Would I come here again over Zahav? No. But it was a good experience coming here albeit a bit pricey.Awesome food, nice atmosphere, great drink choices.  As others note it is not inexpensive but worth a splurge. My husband ate here on a Friday night, we booked on the early side at 5:30.  We arrived around 5:10 and had a drink at the bar, they have great Happy Hour prices.  We could have stayed at the bar and ate the rest of our meal which would have been fine as the bar seating was great but we moved to our reserved table.  The place was completely packed a bit before 6pm, including the bar. We had the three course meal and shared along the way.  The portions were on the small size for my husband but when dessert came he felt pretty full.  They also provided a few samples from the chef along the way which was quite nice.  The staff could not be nicer or more accommodating, they fully clean your space after each serving.  Food was beautifully prepared and tasted amazing.  We will be back.We came here early for happy hour before a late dinner reservation. The bartender was great and we liked the Sauvignon Blanc and reisling he recommended. The chicken liver mousse and rye bread was phenomenal, as was the sweet potato plate. We ordered a third but I have forgotten what it was. But we ate it! The prices for happy hour are great. I think at double the price we would not be giving it five stars, though. Go early and sit at the bar!Chinese guy in a Jewish restaurant - if I waited another month until CNY, the irony would be perfect! I came here last October when the restaurant was still relatively new, and didn't have a great experience.  Not awful, but just not very good, especially with the standard Zahav set.  Much better the second time around! The kitchen has settled, the seasoning was on point this time, the flavors and ingredients better balanced.
The salmon gravlax was just right. I'm totally stealing the snack idea of trout roe on top of beets, from their borscht tartare.  The duck confit kugel was the star - perfect comfort food for a cold East Coast night. I want a bowl of it. With sour cherries and cabbage, who knew kugel could be delicious.
Gefilte and tasty in the same sentence? Check. The trout 'gefilte'-style had perfectly crisped skin rolled around a perfectly cooked interior.  Like Zahav, there's not many seafood options, but the few they do, they do very well.
Service was attentive, and professional, something lacking in Philly.  Water glass never went empty.  Professional with just the right amount of fun.  Especially the cherubic tat'd up waitress that served a few courses. 
If you want Jew food perked up, this is the place.I stopped by this place when I was in Philly for my first legal drink (21st), the bartender was fantastic. We ordered two drinks at the bar, the city slang record sales - (gin honeydew melon, parsley) and the (lost linens gin blueberry, blackberry, mint). The city slang record sales was amazing! Fruity and refreshing with the herbal depth you can only get from a properly mixed drink, the lost linens was good too but we agreed that the city slang record sales was better.Amazing food. The inside is smaller than you'd expect - dimly lit with a classy hipster vibe. Get the montreal style short ribs tasting menu.Abe Fisher feels like your Jewish grandmother's swanky old school diner. The outside has just one slim sign reading vertically against the door. From the inside, it feels as if you are almost hidden from the outside world because the walls are covered in dark wallpaper, the booths and bar are also a slick black and there is only one narrow window running from one end to the other in the front of the restaurant. It's a small space, very reminiscent of a diner inside, but much more trendy and intimate. 
We started with cocktails at the bar while our table was being prepared. They are definitely well crafted but for the amount they serve, I thought it was a little overpriced as it came to a little over $13 with tax and I had maybe 1/4 cup worth of drink in the glass.
They were still running the restaurant week deal so we were each able to order 1 small plate from each section and 1 dessert. I ordered the chopped liver to start. It was very tasty and a good size serving. Next I ordered the Lokshen Kugel (duck confit) which was delicious - especially with the sour cherry and braised cabbage for crunch. For my third small plate I ordered the veal schnitzel tacos and really enjoyed them, I would recommend these. 
I would have to say the desserts were my favorite. The almond panna cotta is heavenly good and with the little meringues, gooseberries and sour cherry soup, it's an amazing blend of flavors. The apple strudel was also delicious and the bacon and egg cream was so light and fluffy. 
Other items I was also able to sample from our table were the Brussels Sprouts Caesar (tasty but nothing really extraordinary), Borscht tartare, pastrami hash knish (also tasty), and sweet & sour meatballs (was not a huge fan of the meatballs).