We wandered in before they officially opened.  The space is fantastic.  The bar is what I wish a bar was like everywhere.  They know their drinks, they make them well and they're there when you need them.  We had a number of plates but I'll focus on the Bronzino.  It was astounding.  I get Bronzino all of the time it's usually good but often the meat is a bit "wet" and not that flavorful.  I was skeptical of deep fried but I ordered it anyway.  It's the whole fish.  It's crispy outside, however they've coated it, it's just amazing.  The meat is firm and flavorful.  Everything else including the serviche, tartar and scallops were very good but the Bronzino - just do it.Fabulous dining experience! Cozy atmosphere, great service and delicious food. Without being overbearing the staff were chatty and informed. The food runner presented each dish with passion! The shrimp toast and cauliflower tahini (don't miss out because it's sans  a protein!) were great small plates. Tried all three pasta dishes, all amazing. The "towers" from the raw bar being served all around looked like great fun for larger parties. Easy 20 minute walk to The Filmore.Delicious innovative fish dishes. Cauliflower Tahini and razor clams, mackerel and scallops delicious. Went twice in a week. Excellent service with Kali.Wonderful seafood restaurant and great addition to the Fishtown scene.
My wife and I dined at Aether last night. We were greeted amiably and attended professionally by our friendly server. We ordered a half dozen oysters as an appetizer and the bronzino and ocean trout as entrees. The oysters were fresh and succulent, and the two fish dishes were excellent. Both were tender inside with crispy skin outside. We highly recommend them. 
We intend to return and try one of the seafood towers next time.Welcome to Fishtown Philly Aether!! This place is my best go to place!! Food and service was top notch!!Great service, food, and atmosphere! Max, Simone & Matt are incredibly knowledgeable and welcoming. The space is lovely and the music was just right for a mellow Tuesday night happy hour. Speaking of happy hour, the menu is legit with classic cocktails and delectable bites. Highly recommend the scallops!I thought everything was delicious! Started off with a mezcal margarita and ordered the tuna tartare, Kale salad, octopus, and a dessert. Really cool ambiance, friendly service, and fair prices. Would def go back!Stopped in during Happy Hour...wow!  We walked past the night before but decided to check it out and I'm so glad we did!  Service is spot on! Very attentive and provide recommendations.  We sat at the bar and had a great time talking to the team working the bar and the oyster bar.  The food...the squid had the perfect flash fry batter.   The cauliflower tahini was full of flavor!   Definitely will be back many times!Wish I could give it 6 stars! So happy this place opened up - it is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood. Had the pleasure of dining here last Saturday night and had a great experience. We tried a little bit of everything -  loved the raw bar, smoked trout salad and whole branzino to just name a few. Also had a very impressive wine list, some really great stuff on there. Service was friendly & super knowledgeable. 
I could see this place becoming my husband and I's new regular date spot!I was excited to try out this new restaurant on Frankford Ave when I found out the menu comprised of mostly seafood. Always excited for the opportunity for fresh oysters! 
I went on a Saturday night with my fiancé. At 5:45-ish, I was able to grab a reservation on OpenTable for 6:30. Glad I did - seemed like we would have to wait when we arrived. The interior is beautiful. Very chic. 
I am giving this place three stars just because it was nothing special. Food was good - didn't hate it, but didn't love it. We ordered drinks and oysters and a couple of shrimp cocktails to start - this probably was the best part of the meal. Had really good oysters here. Also gave three stars because service was just ok. My fiancé and I did make a comment on how there was a decent amount of time between courses. 
For dinner I got the branzino while my fiancé got the tuna. The plates seem to have Asian influences, especially with the sauces. I like my seafood more simple, which is probably why I didn't like it so much. The sauces were too heavy for me and overpowered the branzino. My fiancé seemed to like his tuna ok. He did say it was nothing special. 
I will come back though for happy hour since I enjoyed the raw bar.Everything here was delicious! The ceviche and tuna tartar were both amazing. The waffle fries were so crispy and the shrimp po boy was a large portion and so good. Definitely recommend.Everything was good, but that's it.. just good.  For the price, it should have been better.  For 2 people we each had 1 glass of wine, 2 oysters each, split 1 appetizer, and split 1 large plate.  Our bill was over $100.  For that price, I'd rather go to one of the other similarly priced choices in the area and get food that is absolutely delicious rather than just "good".  The place is super nice inside, very clean and modern looking.  Wish the best for them, hopefully it'll take a bit of a turn for the better but for now we are definitely not rushing back.What a wonderful experience! We decided to have our last " adults only dinner" at our new local spot Ether! As we are due on March 17th! 
I couldn't ask for a more amazing and unforgettable night!  Service was excellent and the food as well. Amazing raw bar- razor clams on the menu!
Each plate was a work of art visually and the flavors were well thought out to compliment each other. I highly recommend this place. 
Thank you! Kasia, Jack and our little guy;)!Ayo! I had to check out philly's new kids on the seafood block! This place feels like home . Wonderfully greeted at the door all the way to the bar! And of course come dressed as you are! My bartender Max was very attentive and informative of the dope simple yet sleek menu. Then menu is comprised of some of the chefs keys favorites of seafood with a bit of "heat". I ordered the oysters that's were straight frm the Chesapeake And MEATY ; and clams that were the sweetest clams I've had in a long tim. If your a big seafood eater; sweet clams are hard to find ‍. The mussels were absolutely amazing and really felt like the chef ‍ was showing off his unique idea of adding up to the heat. The mussels are very meaty and soaked in a homemade Thai chili with cilantro and parsley with a twist of peanuts! When i tell u it's a sweet unique taste with a slick heat waiting for u at the end it's amazing! I also ordered the death winter  which is a bourbon  (bourbon lover!) based drink with lemon maple syrup and maraschino liquor and jalapeño! This drink was fire  as in really really good! Lol . If your ever in the fishtown area? Whether it's for happy hour or dinner  and wanna try something new and unique with spice! Check out @aetherfishtown you won't be disappointed!  #fishtown_philly #philadelphia #seafood #happyhour #beer #bourbon #whiskey #oysters #clams #mussels #peanuts #cilantro #lemon #food #foodie #foodporn #foodphotographyGreat food but pretty pricey. Didn't like that they charged $6 for bread. Steak was phenomenal though and made up for itReally excellent. We ordered the bluefin tuna carpaccio, beef tartare, scallop crudo, crab toast, Spanish octopus, lobster roll, scallops with green curry, and branzino. I was very very impressed. All the food was very good, but the branzino was the surprise of the night for me. I would never order it normally but it was the best dish, by my measure. Service was extra good. A few mistakes were made but made up for above and beyond. Also the staff was very helpful in their suggestions and advice. 
Bonus: great space. Surprised whenever I see seats available. Fantastic spot that should not be missedYesterday I also revisit the new seafood  bullies on the food scene @aetherfishtown .  This place will always make beyond expectations. It's a very small place with so much to offer. The food menu is constantly changing which is really good Because it shows that the chef has always coming up with new ideas and creative ways to create exquisite seafood cuisine. Yesterday I join them for a happy hour getting the shrimp cocktail/posterior/clamps by which were super fresh!!! . I also had to order the classic mussels with the cilantro and Thai sauce with a touch of peanuts and garlic. I know it sounds crazy but trust me it will change your life ‍. It's always a great hipster vibe here I love this place. #bar #happyhour #seafood #seafoodlover #shrimp #oysters #clams #beer #mussels #food #foodporn #foodie #foodphotography #foodgasm #foodpornWas so psyched on this place opening. Have lived in fishtown for a couple of years now and other pockets of the city before. Kept keeping tabs on the gram. I worked in the biz for 8 plus years in everything from fine dining to casual family dining, and have never written a yelp post. Sometimes it's warranted. 
So... ordered raw bar items with entrees to follow. Bartender confirms raw bar items will come out first. 90 seconds later a branzino entree arrives, oysters are clearly at least 15 minutes behind. Scallop entree never shows up, bartender asks if I'd like a another cocktail or dessert, completely oblivious to what is actually going on and that our other entree  never actually showed. 
The raw bar items were super good in terms of quality, zero doubt about it. They need to build on that. 
But until this place gets any idea on how to run a restaurant, spend your time and money for the same price point at mulherins, suraya, cadence, helm, or just take an Uber to the oyster house. Or Murphs is always a lock. 
Get it together Aether, fishtown is pulling for you.I really wanted to love this restaurant. And I mostly did with a few exceptions. The cocktails were excellent, we had a Pink Kady which was gingery and delicious, and a Bitter Ex which was smokey from the mezcal, and had a light salinity. Both looked amazing in delicate glassware. The seafood tower was very good, I wish I like the sauce choices better, the cocktail was way too hot, and didn't have the reminisce of classic cocktail sauce which was odd with the backdrop of the tiny Tabasco bottle and perfectly supremed lemon wedges. However, the mignonette was the best I ever had. The scallops crudo were the standout of the night.
And now the bad part, the kale salad could have been stellar but the Cholula vinagrette, just too hot and with the bitterness of the jale made it an unpleasant combination. This was just a preperation that a committee would have voted down. Next was the linguine, the sauce was deliciously creamy, it's just that the linguine was not cooked, and not cooked in a way that when brought to the chef for confirmation, they would violently shake their head side to side, with a clear no.
What upset me about the last 2 dishes is I felt that the kitchen thinks this is the way to prepare these things. Sorry to say at the pricrs charged, I am reluctant to give this restaurant a second chance.Delicious food! Had the crab linguine and it was amazing. Friends had the branzino and salmon also amazing! Presentation of all food was spot in and the ambiance was the perfect. Great cocktails! And everything is reasonable. Will def go back and recommend.Great addition to the growing high quality restaurants in Fishtown. Ambiance is beautifully executed. Dim lighting, cool vibey music, sexy decor- perfect date spot. Even though it was opening week, the food was spot on. Oysters were as good as your gonna get, bronzino was simply done but that's not a bad thing, when your getting high quality fish there is no reason to hide it behind crazy sauces and garnished. The cauliflower tahini, as safe as it may sound, will be a trademark dish here, get it and you'll know why. We also tried the cavatelli pasta and that was amazing, maybe one of our favorites of the night. All-in-all this place has it all and will not disappoint once they hit there stride. Good luck!This is a cute restaurant I found out on Instagram. And I came today for happy hour and dinner. However I was amazed by the restaurant for their food and drink menu. I like the interior design in the restaurant. The oysters were fresh and delicious. We like the mussels a lot and we had two orders at last. It is a nice restaurant to give a try.Terrible. Ambiance great. Restaurant looks awesome but the food is simply gross. I live in Fishtown and won't be going back. Everything that glitters isn't gold‍First went for happy hour, then immediately made a reservation. This is a review after having enjoyed Aether twice. We love seafood and we welcome this new and absolutely delicious restaurant to our "Bar Food" dominated neighborhood.
The really good:
Happy Hour specials are great. My wife enjoyed the oysters and I absolutely loved the mussels. It was a completely different experience than the usual white wine garlic or red sauce. These mussels had a Thai inspired flare! Ginger, peanuts, chili sauce...soooo good! Ask for extra bread to sop up that amazing sauce!
When we returned for dinner, we ordered the lump crab toast, octopus with chorizo sausage and shrimp cocktail for apps. All were great. The shrimp were plump and not chewy at all, the octopus was packed with flavor and subtle spice and then there was the crab toast. The lump crab toast was so good, we actually ordered another one after the entire meal instead of desert. 
The OK:
So here is why only 4 out of 5 stars. For the main, I had the salmon dish. Unlike everything else we enjoyed that was flavorful and had some spice, the salmon dish was just a little bit off. Honestly, the salmon was cooked perfectly and was a quality protein. The dish was good but not great. I felt the herb (maybe basil) threw me off and it lacked seasoning. The only other nitpick I have are the 3 legged stools at the bar. Just be careful is all I will say!
Last Thoughts:
I know there was a food critic that wrote a less than favorable review. I really hope the critic gives them another chance and everyone out there go and enjoy their food. The chef is very creative and making absolutely delicious food. The staff are very friendly and attentive. This is a much needed restaurant in Fishtown.For the most part, Aether brings me very close to being speechless over how dang great it is. However speechless is not useful for reviews so I will do my best to find the words. 
Starting with the staff; outstanding. Every single conversation we have had with servers has been wonderful, witty and enjoyable topped only by their attention to detail and flawless service. 
The food is out of this world. While on the pricier side yes, it is worth every cent for what you receive. The head chef is innovative and doting in his execution and the dishes will leave you stunned. Do yourself a favor and order the Scallop Sashimi. Just do it. I've never had anything like it and it is just ridiculous.
The bar is *incredibly* well stocked with an absurdly good selection for their rail liquors. If you are someone who values a finely crafted cocktail then you need to stop what you are going and go grab yourself a drink 5 minutes ago.
I can't stop gushing about Aether and the second you give it a try you will understand why. 
12/10Our new favorite Sunday night happy hour! This place really is a hidden jem - the star of the happy hour menu is the salmon skin chicarrones which are seasoned to perfection and served with a delicious walnut spread. Very creative and delicious way to use a forgotten ingredient!  We also love love the calamari salad and the ceviche. Tonight they had trout ceviche which was fantastic - it's an Asian style ceviche similar to the Filipino dish "kinilaw". Beyond the food, the service is great. Kali was our waitress tonight - very knowledgeable about all of the ingredients and very attentive. And I'd be remiss to not mention Sonya - she's the manager (I think?) and just does a spectacular job - love how she really listens to the guests and in constantly trying to improve and innovate the menus.Just had an amazing meal here. Great night all around, cute place, excellent service. We loved the food, beautiful dishes, interesting options, and absolutely delicious. They also have some tasty cocktails. Easily one of the best meals I've had in Philly. We sampled several appetizers and couple of entrees, the tuna carpaccio was particularly good, as well as their twist on a Napoleon dessert.
Highly recommend.I don't know why Foobooz trashed this place. I usually agree with them, give or take, but this place is amazing. The scallops are soooo good. The new octopus appetizer is enough for dinner. Please give Aether a try. You won't be disappointed!I was really excited to come here for my first time last week with some girl friends. The restaurant itself is beautiful, i love the atmosphere and decor was amazing! Other than the bottle of wine for $30 i left pretty unhappy and style hungry. The brussel sprouts were extremely salty, and the mussels tasted like they were spoiled, I couldn't eat more than 3. I'd be willing to give it another try since i loved the decor and service, and it's only a few blocks away, but as far as my dinner i wasn't pleased.Ok--here's straight talk from a someone who who takes no pleasure from torching bad experience or gushing obsequiously over good experience. 
This place is still sorting things out, but on the whole, it is very good. We're residents of Center City (Rittenhouse). We heard a few things a bout aether, and decided to give it a go to celebrate a birthday.
Highlights of our evening, in order of priority:
1. Our server, Madison (bravo and thank you, Madison)! Best server I've experienced in Philadelphia. Madison knew the menus (food and beverage) inside and out, asked thoughtful questions about our eating styles and preferences, and guided us to great selections. Madison showed up regularly during the meal to check up on us (not to "remind us that I'm paying attention so don't forget me at tip time"), but to ask about our experience, whether the selections were good matches, and, at the end, just to chat.  Madison could run a boot camp on good waitering.
2. The menus-- nice and not "run of the mill, you can get this everywhere" range of choices. Cocktail menu seemed especially innovative.
3. Chef--dishes were memorably flavorful and beautifully prepared.
4. Ambiance-- hard wall and ceiling surfaces made it difficult to hear server and each other, and the place wasn't very busy (which surprised us, since we had a reservation for 7:30 on a Thursday night and would have expected more people).
Not sure why this place isn't getting better traction. Give it a go-- it is worthwhile.We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at Aether. The selection of oysters was outstanding, fresh and delicious. Try the cauliflower tahini appetizer with fresh naan - a wonderful explosion of flavors.  The octopus appetizer is the best I have ever had.  Many of the grilled octopus appetizer at other restaurants have a stronger somewhat bitter taste. The mix of spices was a wonderful surprise and my guests who usually leave the octopus to me tried it and love it.  The scallops according to one guest was one of the best scallops dishes she has ever had.  Two of us had the bronzino and we both loved it.  The service was outstanding!  Great addition to the Fishtown restaurant scene.  Will definitely be back!!!!A Must try! Aether is the new kid on the block with great style( decor) watch out Fishtown. Aesthetically aether gets 4stars low lighting  , marble bar in a modern setting. The drinks menu is composed of different tasty concoctions have one. Fresh seafood selections I had the seafood tower : scallops , shrimp , clams , oysters, chilled lobster tail and a white fish all delicious!ALL the food here (the appetizers, my main meal, other's meals who shared) were all amazingly good!  I would highly recommend and definitely will come back here again!
Shared cauliflower tahini and crab toast, both were amazingly good! I had a fantastic lobster roll while friends had the salmon (very good) and scallops (perfectly seasoned and cooked).  Shared a crab linguine (on the house) which was very good as well.
Highly recommend!It was good. We made a reservation on Wednesday night, which we could have not done and been just fine, but hey that might change if this place gets more popular. 
We came during happy hour which you can only get if you sit at the bar, unlike other restaurants down the street where you can get it anywhere. 
We had the trout roe appetizer, the cauliflower (which is more like hummus) and waffle fries. All three were very good. The chips that went with the trout roe were so frigging teeny tiny it was hard to eat.  The cauliflower was good but its a mash which could have been explained better. The fries not an appetizer but should be with some fun sauces or something. 
My entree was the tuna, which was pretty good but honestly was just ok. Super small portion of tuna, which ok, I get it its pricey but then the tiny mushrooms and eggplant did not make up for it and were also honestly for me not edible, I even spit one in my napkin but to be fair i don't like mushrooms and through i could eat the eggplant but i couldn't. 
My friend got the branzino which was enormous and tasty. It just seems weird that one dish was was so big (clearly better shared) and one so tiny, be clear about that. 
We had drinks that were crazy priced for the neighborhood, $13 for a cocktail and $16 for a glass of wine, this is fishtown not 18th and spruce or KOP. 
Overall it was good but could still work out some kinks in the menu.Aether is amazing! Food was so good ! Seafood was fresh ! I went for happy hour with my girls . I got oyster and mussel . Oysters was so juicy and delicious! The cocktail sauce was amazingly good . It taste like it was homemade! And the mussel was super good ! Very flavorful. If you ever in Fishtown you gotta stop by ! And they also have good cocktail drink too ! That a plus !I'm really excited to have this new seafood spot in the neighborhood. It's a welcome change from all of the more pub-like food in the Fishtown area. We had the Spanish Octopus and the Smoked Fish Dip. Both were great and were larger than I expected - I'd love to come back for happy hour with friends and share a bunch of small plates. The Smoked Fish Dip was surprisingly good (it's very light and fresh). We also had the Lobster Roll which was great and the fries were really good. My husband got the Spanish Mackerel, but ate it so fast I didn't get to try it. Maybe next time! Our waitress was super attentive and helpful. I wish the wine prices were a dollar or two less by the glass, but otherwise I found the prices to be appropriate for the quality and ambiance.Aether gets 5 stars! Went with my folks for dinner and when we got the first dish, the cauliflower spread, we just sat there saying "omg....omg!" bc we had never tasted flavors like that before. The naan bread had been made in-house. And then we all battled to get our fair share. Should have ordered more!! And then the octopus dish was the best I have ever had. Very smoky and spicy (like a smoked paprika?) - I have never had octopus cooked so well. It was so soft and not at all rubbery like it is usually is cooked. The kale salad was good although VERY spicy. Too spicy for my folks. Then I had the scallops and again they were some of the best scallops I have ever had. Perfectly cooked! Could have used some kind of starch like rice - if you just ordered the scallops you might still be hungry after. Was also lovely that they offered to let us taste the wines before we ordered. All around wonderful!My experience was underwhelming and very annoying. We ordered the tuna tartare and it came with pieces of a crispy rice cake. The tuna was good but did not have enough of the small rice cake pieces to scoop up the tuna tartare so I asked for the server to provide a little more. They brought a small plate with some more on it. Then when we got the bill they upcharged us $2 for it!!
We also ordered from the raw bar which was good along with the burger  but the service was very slow. At one point I waited over 15 minutes for my cocktail and told the manager I didn't want it anymore because I had finished my burger and was about to leave. She insisted I have it and that she would pay for it. To my dismay, the bill showed the $14 dollar cocktail!
In conclusion, the food we had was above average but i felt they were cheap to upcharge us $2 for rice crips and charge $6 for bread. Our bill for 2 was over $200. If I wanted to be upcharged for every little thing I would have went to a strip small chain restaurant. Charging us for the drink I didn't want really set me over the edge. Fishtown is full of fantastic restaurants that I long to return to but Aether is not one of them.Price a little high but it is a luxury restaurant so it's not like something surprising. The food isn't bad. Portion can be slightly bigger. Service is pretty good. Their oyster is pretty good and fresh. Overall Aether is worth a try.Went on a whim! Loved the cauliflower tahini and the mussels (curry was yummy). Everything we ate was delicious, the space was pretty, and the service was really good. Everyone around us got the raw towers - I say skip it and get the ceviche !I rarely taken the time to write a review. However since we had a very nice dinner last night with friends and enjoyed it, I wanted to share. Just opened, yet service was great. They know what they doing behind the bar.  My crab pasta was very good. And they had a nice selection of oysters!!!!I had been meaning to try Aether for awhile and finally made it there Saturday night, Nov 30. I was blown away. I was first impressed with the ambience and design of the place. For some reason I thought it was going to be small but the restaurant stretches back into a deep, intimate space, thoughtfully decorated and with a warm vibe. Without a reservation, our group of four sat at the bar to wait for a table. We enjoyed the bartenders so much we decided to have dinner there at the bar and it was so much fun. The bartenders are so knowledgeable and friendly. They made the whole night special. The cocktails were on-point and we also enjoyed a basque white wine. I was so happy to see that on the menu. The raw oysters and razor clams we ordered were fantastic. We also had scallop crudo which was so light and tasty. The presentation was so pretty as well. But my favorite dish was the crispy squid salad. It might be one of the best meals I've ever had. It was a few pieces of fried calamari over a bed of greens with sesame and some other tangy flavors I just adored. My friends also loved what they ordered. One dish was the crab linguine which everyone tried and loved. We will be back for sure and I just cannot wait. Thank you Aether for a lovely addition to our neighborhood!What a wonderful experience! We decided to have our last " adults only dinner" at our new local spot AEther! As we are due on March 17th! 
I couldn't ask for a more amazing and unforgettable night!  Service was excellent and the food as well. Amazing raw bar- razor clams on the menu!
Each plate was a work of art visually and the flavors were well thought out to compliment each other. I highly recommend this place. 
Thank you! Kasia, Jack and our little guy George!;)Crab linguini is out of this WORLD. Great service at the bar, and tasty food all around!This is my go-to weeknight date spot in the neighborhood. This past Wednesday we had $1 oysters, some small plates and cocktails/wine for Happy Hour. HH was also extended all evening, which was lovely! The oysters and wine I had where spectacular - my husband had a burger and cocktail along with oysters, which where also excellent. 
I grew up in Maryland, so fresh seafood is a staple for me and the nostalgic memories. Aether is a unique and welcome add to the neighborhood! Looking forward to Wednesday. 
8/19We are local and frequent Aether often. This is the quintessential  local favorite. Friendly, quality and comfort embody this place. Seafood is amazing. Hamburger and steak is amazing. Ambiance is so inviting and feels like a treat even for the neighborhood locals.My husband and I came in on opening night and left very pleased. The decor and ambience is perfect. The staff is very friendly. We sat at the bar for oysters and drinks before being seated at our table. The oysters were clean and very very good. The martini was subpar but I'll just choose another cocktail next time, no biggie. When we sat at our table we ordered the tuna tartare, cauliflower tahini, shrimp po'boy(only bc lobster roll was sold out) and the scallops. The tuna and tahini were both incredible!! The po'boy was pretty good, the scallops were ok and a little overpriced for the portion size(would be better as a tapas). Overall, it was a very nice experience (especially for an opening night) and I look forward to returning often. Great addition to the neighborhood.Really enjoyed our meals. The small plates were a good size for everyone to get a taste (party of 4). We tried the hamache ceviche and the tuna carpaccio. The tuna was the better of the two and had some nice seasoning. The ceviche was a little fishy and not as citrusy as I would have preferred, but nice nonetheless. 
We also tried the cauliflower Tahini, mussels, and the octopus for small plates. The tahini and mussels were the best. The tahini has a good crunch on top and was very creamy. There was a good soup with the muscles that came with some great toast for dipping. I feel the octopus had a lot of onion and potato but not as much octopus. 
For entrees we tried the scallops and the Branzino. The scallops were great with a nice green sauce--almost an Indian chutney.  I liked the Branzino as well.  The outside was very crunchy with a good crust. Inside the fish was moist and relatively easy to get free of bones to eat. It also had a good salty-sweet sauce with some tasty bok choy to provide a good contrast to the fish.  I did end up using my hands to get the meat, so keep that in mind when ordering.
We tried both dessert optIons. The (lemon?) phyllo dough dessert was probably my favorite, but the mango sorbet was also nice. 
All in all a nice find in Fishtown. Next time, we'll try some more of the raw selectIons. Almost forgot...the cocktails were fresh as well.  The gin/cucumber seemed refreshing but not overly sweet. The beet drink was even better. 
Would definitely recommend.I ate here during the soft opening and had  A wonderful experience! I am so glad this restaurant came to the neighborhood and am looking forward to coming here many more times in the future. The food absolutely exceeded my expectations. I went with friends and we tried a little bit of everything; oysters,shrimp, crab linguine, tuna, hummus dip. All of it was excellent.  The only reason I didn't give this place five stars was because I felt the prices were a little bit high. But, in speaking with friends who are seafood connoisseurs, they said that these were relatively decent prices for seafood.  I would highly recommend this place if you're interested in good, flavorful seafood!New menu is very good. The crab toast is extremely light and tasty. Shrimps are on point. Sashimi was super fresh. Highly recommend. Chad at the bar will take care of you, very nice guy.  Great happy hour with seafood and drinks.
Venue and decor is very inviting and cool. Grab a seat at the bar or reserve a table for a bigger party.I would give 5 stars, but I would need to go a 2nd time.   The crew is smooth the place is well appointed (they do need some art on the walls) and they do not disappoint on food, drink or service.  Their elements (must go) and mistral are not to be missed dining destinations. IF you are in Princeton or QOP.    Philly now has a spot in between.   Look if you have been to Elements (clearly one of the best restaurants you can go to in New Jersey or anywhere else for that matter) you know the people running the restaurant know how to do it right.  From the filtered tap water, to the server knowledge of the menu and the food prep and flavor you will not be disappointed.  
Party of four, everyone loved the meal and trust me all four people dine out frequently.    Put this on  your list, discount the early yelp reviews.  I don't write bad reviewers of restaurant that I go to once I just don't go back, figuring if everyone in the group complains there are serious things amiss.    When I go somewhere I love like Aether, I hesitate to review for fear of not getting another reservation, but I'm working on that.
Seriously you are dining at an establishment with a serious food pedigree I am told the chef worked under Scott at Elements and it shows.  Read between the lines, the chef was trained by an artist.
Put this on your list.Love Aether! Try the crab toast that just got on the menu. One of the best! Loved the sashimi too!! Very fresh and tasty! Full bar too if you want to order a drink of your choice. Bartenders are happy to make you one! Love coming for happy hourTried Aether last night for the first time. Great service!! Our server was knowledgeable and helpful with drinks and food. We got a lot of stuff & shared. 
Huge bar and great vibe In here. It's actually a lot bigger than it looks too. It's elegant but still relaxed. 
Started with Oysters - so fresh and yummy. Our sever explained them all to use east coast and west coast options. We went with the James river east coast. 
Salmon tartar was one of the best I've ever had! So fresh and clean!!!!! 
Shrimp toast was not my favorite. It was those mini shrimp which for me feel cheap, and the avocado underneath was barely there. Didn't taste bad, but compared to everything else. Eh. 
Brussels were great, charred and had a great peanut chili sauce on them. 
Spanish octopus was really good too. Has potatoes in it, almost a small full plate. 
All in all the food was really great here.
I give a 4/5 for 2 reasons...
1st - beers list isn't listed. Server has to tell you and you have no clue what you're paying for them. Not cheap just want to know if a beer is gonna be $5 or $10. 
2nd - same for the deserts - no list! The server tells you about them. They say for both they are rotating but they also have a little menu for the oysters. Wish they did the same for the beers. 
I'd say GO!!!!!! It's really amazing!!!Aether is a great place for people who like sea food . Took my wife out and she absolutely loved the food and the service . I highly recommend this restaurantStopped in for cocktails and then we got hungry so ordered their fries and brussels sprouts - I really enjoyed both the drinks and the food, plus the atmosphere was relaxed and service was amiable.Came with a large group of girlfriends, 10+, and was seated at a table in the back of the restaraunt.  We started with the Hollander Mussels and Cauliflower Tahini which were delicious. I had the Ocean Trout, and was not blown away.  I did however enjoy some of my friends scallops and pasta dishes which were tasty. We ordered 2 desserts, I forget the one, the other was a Lemon Napoleon, I still think about it, it was quite a treat.  Our service was great, they came around to check if we needed drinks, food was ok, and even offered to take pictures for us at the end of the night. Would definitely come back for a special occasion.Very slow bar service , Inattentive bartender. Drinks were however delicious. The restaurant is beautiful, but it's really loud, overall am not impressed.Great service, drinks and appetizers. Our table had oysters, the cauliflower tahini and jumbo crab toast, which were all fantastic. For entrees, we had the the wagyu, which was too salty and branzino, which was dry. Overall I would return for apps and drinks, but not entrees.Came here for my wife's birthday and we were extremely happy with our dinner and overall experience at Aether. From the friendly and accommodating staff to the handmade cocktails to the fresh and delicious food the experience was great. When we're in the area again we will definitely be back! Highly recommended!If you're in the Philly area, of course go get a Philly cheesesteak. But once you're done go here!!! So I gotta say, the customer service is amazing. So you know when a place is about to close in like 45 minutes, you walk in and sometimes they give you this look, the WTF, you know we are closing soon look. Not here! You get greeted with a friendly smile, everyone was just extremely pleasant and upbeat. Our bartenders were very happy to help us and serve us until WE were ready to go which was amazing....
Now the food.. amazing! So fresh and just good. The lobster roll was not just a chunk of mayo but actual chunks of lobster! It did have mayo but it wasn't over powering. The roll it came in wasn't dripping with oil and butter but was actually lightly toasted. Just an amazing meal. And of course the oysters were just BOMB! So go please check them out if you're in the area!Great neighborhood spot. The happy hour is really nice with a variety of cocktails, drinks, and food. The atmosphere is beautiful, however the noise level is high so some noise control/absorption would be good. The menu has a nice mix of options, with lots of seafood. The chef puts a lot of effort into each dish. The price point is high (IMO) for what you get in terms of food portion. Very friendly staff and the hosts are very attentive to make sure each groups experience is top notch.I had a private event for my team here a few nights ago. The experience couldn't have been better. The room was perfect, the set Ric explained was fantastic and the food was amazing. 
Thank you to Sonia and the staff for making it a memorable experience for us. I highly recommend it.Dinner and happy hour are great.  Just don't go for brunch.  And if you do, don't order the Bloody MaryI really enjoyed the meal I had here recently. Even though it's fairly new, the place was buzzing and it had a very cool yet relaxed ambiance. Service was pretty good, however our waitress put the wrong dinner item in and by the time we got the right one, we were so full and didn't even want it anymore. Not a huge deal but demoted a star for me.
In terms of the drinks, the ponzu gimlet is delicious and the dill oil is addicting! We easily downed a few of these. 
In terms of food, the standouts for me were the salmon tartare and the fried chicken. The salmon had a horseradish cream cheese, avocado, and everything seasoning. All the flavors worked really well together and was a nice twist on a typical tartare. The chicken was legit amazing, so flavorful and juicy. I would not typically order chicken at a seafood forward restaurant, but soo glad we did! 
The bacon beignets were good, as well as the octopus. We didn't each much of the scallops since that's the dish that came late but the small amount I tasted was delicious! If only I had any more room in my stomach. 
They seem like they change their menu seasonally, so I will have to come back soon. Great addition to the area!I've been coming to Arthur since they opened. Everything from the atmosphere to their drinks is makes this place feel upscale but it's not too expensive! The food is really good, I tend to get the wagyu steak or the crab pasta. I also really liked their razor clams and they know how to make a dirty martini.I'm so bummed to leave a negative review for this spot. I wanted to like it so badly since I walk by every day, but am so disappointed! Service was not great...sat at the bar, ordered a drink and oysters. Bartender forgot my beer, which wasn't a big deal. What bothered me was watching my oysters sit behind the bar for 20+ minutes after they were shucked and plated. It wasn't busy, the bartender wasn't swamped (which I am 100% understanding of)...he walked by them probably 20 times without even caring they were there. Oysters were meh. Mignonette was not good...needs more vinegar. Was pretty much moist shallots. I won't be back.So the night started off not so great. I wore my favorite boots and my favorite pants. However they met awkwardly and it left me feeling vulnerable. Unfortunately it was already 6:41 and my wife had made reservations for 7. There was no time for second guessing. 
She chose a newer spot we'd never been to because she know how much I love seafood. She does have a theory that the logo is also used by a clothing company and that they are going to sue. Im not so confident. 
Anyway the place is a stones throw so we walked. 
I was instantly enamored with the place and forgot my Wardrobe woes. The look and smell of the place was pretty cool. 
You will probably need to order multiple plates if you're hungry. It's $3 for a piece of shrimp. We got two. That however comes with this banging ass cocktail sauce that's like no sauce I have ever dipped my shit in. 
We also got the lump crab toast and the Kale salad. The kale was so crispy and fresh. Both of these were awesome. 
Now to everyone's involved was disappointed when I chose the chicken. Let me tell you I was not. The chicken was awesome. Lightly breaded outside with succulent chicken inside. Some kind of sweet peppery sauce. It was sooo good. My wife got the scallops. She said they weren't "the best she ever had". I'm sure I would've liked them. 
Since we were already deep in the hole, we decided to go for desert too.  
Filo dough with key lime, vanilla and whip cream. We were both glad we didn't share. I also got cappuccino that was pretty excellent. 
So when we rolled out it was $134. However based on everything we got I don't think that is terrible. 
I would love to go there again. I hope she takes me on another date soon.I love mistral and so was so excited about the team opening a place in the city. 
I will definitely update this--as always opening night can be crazy and I see so much potential here I think I am generous with the rating. 
The space is beautiful. It's long and narrow and plenty of seats at the bar. I got a drink and waited for my friend. The mr Howell was good but not as ginger forward as the menu made it sound. 
Onto the dishes.... the tuna tartare was lovely, a good mix of salt and acid, but nothing that I would definitely need to get again. The ocean trout sashimi was such an interesting mix of flavors--almost like lox--I really enjoyed this. The cauliflower tahini--good, but not enough cauliflower for me. Again I agree with the other review that once the kitchen straightens out a bit and food comes out at temp it will be better--the pita bread was already a bit cold.
Mains: scallops--always good. Well cooked, the Brussels and bacon dressing were good. Maybe a touch too greasy and salty. But the scallops were good perfectly! My friend got the crab pasta. Omg. This was so so good. I would happily eat this all the time.
So, in summary. I think for opening night, a really strong showing. A few hits, a few that could be better. I'm excited to see how this place develops!We live right down the block from Aether and the long awaited opening did not disappoint.  We went last night (party of 6) and had a great time.
Ambience - completely redone, beautiful.  Nice bar in the front and cool fire feature in the back.
Service - our server Sonya was great.  Fia, the owner, checked in on us on the way out.
Food - started with the raw bar, they had West Coast oysters which were great.  For my entree, the branzino was out of this world.  Deep-fried, whole fish in a nice XO sauce.  I'm still craving it right now.
Drinks - solid, but too pricey at $14 imo.
Welcome to the neighborhood, we are very happy to have you!  We'll be back in a few days so I can get the branzino again.It's always hard writing a bad review.  I've seen this joint for a couple months and wanted to give it a shot, but usually like to let places work out the kinks first, before giving them a chance.  Wife and I sat at the bar on a Sunday around 4:30pm, didn't get acknowledged for a while.  Ordered some happy hour drinks and snacks which came around 4:48pm.  Wasn't bad.  Wine was solid and prices right and Brussels were tasty as were the wings.  Buck a shucks were a little sandy and needed to be cleaned a little better.  Once the full menu was available at 5pm, we closed our tab at the bar and we grabbed a table.  We were squeezed into a two top behind the bar, despite the whole place open and available.  Also as an FYI every 15 min interval reservation was available online so I know it wasn't a booked night.  I wanted to order the same glass of wine I had at the bar, which is 2 dollars off.  When I asked the waitress, she told me it was 16 dollars.  It was 8 bucks at the bar!!! Huge up selling at the regular tables.  I ordered the scallops and my wife got the octopus.  I had three scallops for 27 bucks covered in a massive amount of greens and she had 3 small octopus pieces for 16, which had this thick mayo type sauce scattered atop.  Food was subpar and the overall vibe of the place was chill but was very loud.  The overall service was poor.  They just seemed overwhelmed and unable to handle the normal Sunday rush.  I don't think I'll be back,  was disappointed for sure.  There are a dozen better joints nearby.So we were so excited to stop by on opening night. We love seafood and were excited to have a swanky seafood restaurant right in Fishtown that we could walk to. We left disappointed. The Whole Bronzino Fish dish was subpar. The fish was very plain it was sitting in a bed of 8 or so Bok Choy that was soaking in a strange oriental sauce that tasted fishy. There was some type of tomato based sauces under the fish that was too salty. And no real option for sides. The Cauliflower small plate was basically tahini hummus with 3 small pieces of cauliflower. The Shrimp Po Boy was average. There were barely any shrimp and it was mostly bread and the curly fries tasted like frozen fries you buy from the grocery store. Shrimp cocktail was just average nothing at all spectacular. Not planning on going back any time soon .. it's the trend that a lot of new spots that have opened in Fishtown have been disappointing.. The old classic still are the best!Had the pleasure of Dinning at this trendy neighborhood restaurant with my daughter for my birthday . Everything was simply delicious best of all it was only a short walk from her home.Provisional review. 4-stars depends on them fixing service issues and wait times
--------------
We went on the second night of service and they are clearly still working things out. The restaurant is very nicely decorated and the feel is right for a rowhouse restaurant in Fishtown. The one weird thing about the seating in the front dining room was the different heights. The banquettes were much higher than the chairs, which made it seem like we looked down across the table. Also the chairs, while beautiful, leaned back too much. 
We thought the raw seafood was very fresh and liked the variety of shellfish from both the east and west coast. We got one each of 4 types of oysters and they each tasted really good in different ways. 
We also ordered a couple small plates (ceviche, cauliflower tahini), a pasta (crab linguine), and 2 mains (tuna and fried whole branzino) for the 3 of us--which was just amount of food. 
The small plates, which we asked to come out with the oysters, came out with the mains, which meant we waited a long time between ordering and getting actual food. Since we were sharing food, we asked for everything to come out as they were ready and not strictly coursed
Both small plates missed the mark. The ceviche has too much acid (there were lime supremes in ceviche!) and not enough salt. The Cauliflower tahini, which we expected to be a seasoned, roasted cauliflower was a tahini dip with three small shaved pieces of (raw?) cauliflower on top. This dish tasted very good, but I was expecting a vegetable. 
The crab pasta was rich with a lot of crab meat and the pasta was a good texture, but it arrived to our table lukewarm. Fresh pasta is best enjoyed fresh, so as the dish quickly cooled the fat the pasta was dressed it became more viscous and the pasta became tougher, which made it pretty heavy. We all thought the dish was well-composed, but better execution (coming out hotter) could have made it excellent. 
Both mains were interesting and tasty and I felt, the later end of the menu was better developed and more satisfying. The tuna was flavorful and the garnishes paired well with the fish--the eggplant in particular is something I would never have matched with the tuna, but was very good. For a main, three one-inch cubes of tuna is a pretty small portion. The whole branzino, especially at $29 is a great deal. It was very well fried and well seasoned, although the XO sauce and bok choy were not very authentic and felt slightly out of place. The main problem was that the dish was not hot, the branzino, like the pasta, was just warm, so the food rapidly cooled down a we ate it.
The drinks menu had a good variety of wine, beer, and cocktails. The bottles of wine were interesting and well priced. The cocktail list was diverse, but not well-balanced: there was too much mezcal (about 5 of the 10-12 drinks had mezcal), nearly every drink had a fruit cordial/liqueur in it, and there were only like 2-3 whiskey cocktails and maybe 2 gin drinks. Annoyingly, both beers I wanted were both kicked (out of 6), which is not good on your second full night of service. 
While our server was very attentive and kept on top of the water and drinks, food was very slow. From when we ordered, it was almost 30 minutes until we got our oysters. We sat about 10 feet from the oyster bar and saw our oysters sitting on pick-up for about 10 minutes. Then it was almost another 30 minutes until our food from the kitchen was delivered. And some of the hot dishes were not hot enough, which made us question how the back of the house was running. For a pretty full dining room, there really was not much food coming out. 
We appreciated that the GM and owner were walking through the dining room checking in with diners, but it seemed like there were a lot of people walking around, but not much food hitting the tables. We did tell the team that the food temperature and pacing were a concern. The owner said the main problem was the one heat lamp in the kitchen were not strong enough to keep food warm and more would be added soon. The GM said the BOH was running smoothly and better than the first night. To me, a hot fried fish should be fried fresh and delivered hot, not rely on a heat lamp to stay warm until it gets picked up (same with pasta).  
If this restaurant were 2 months into opening and not in the second night, I would not have been as generous with the rating. I hope this restaurant improves because some of the fixes are relatively easy and some of the dishes we had were very good. But for $100 per person with drinks, food, tax and tip, the standards need to be higher for patrons to want to return.While there were a few passable aspects of the menu, the deficiencies sang the loudest. 
The seafood towers 'half lobster' was little more than a quarter tail that resembled a bratwurst that had been forgotten on the grill. 
Admittedly, hand up, I didn't know how to filet a Branzino, but I didn't know that I needed to be a fish monger to have my entree. When we asked the waitress for some clarification, she seemed more lost than we were. 
I'm #team any place that does buck a shuck so I'll knock on wood that they figure it outHighly recommend Aether!  Our friends hosted a private party in the back area.  So comfortable with couches, chairs and dining tables.   Really great decor and perfect for groups of 15 - 20.   The food was amazing and the service was superior.As someone who has been dining out in Philadelphia for more than seven years and who has eaten at almost all of the restaurants in the Philadelphia Top 50, it's astonishing to me that Aether isn't among them. I've eaten here half a dozen times at this point, and on no occasion have I had a lackluster meal. Everything has been excellent: the ambience, the service, and especially the food. The flavors are memorable and the ingredients are fresh. Stand out items for me are the crispy calamari salad, the linguine, the salmon, and the chicken. I put it ahead of Suraya in terms of overall food quality, yet it still seems to have been hardly discovered by Philadelphia: even on a busy Friday evening, you will probably not need to make a reservation to get a table. My prediction: within a year, Aether will be a Top 20 Philadelphia restaurant and it'll be impossible to get a table. For the time being, enjoy it while it's still a relatively undiscovered gem.Dined here on 10/27. This quaint & cozy restaurant is almost on the corner of Frankford and Berk. Beware parking is challenging. I probably drove around in a circle for about 10 mins. 
Upon arrival I stood at the door for exactly 7 minutes before I was acknowledged. I found this to be strange but because I was waiting for a friend I didn't make a scene. Once greeted by the hostess who was also my waitress I was seated at the last table while I waited for my friend to arrive. 
Happy hour was in full effect but you can only partake if you sit at the bar :(. This sucked for me because the had $1 oysters but there were no available seats. 
I cheated by looking at the menu online before I arrived my friend was very tardy so I order a drink, Mama Smurf which I believe was substituted with pomegranate juice. This drink was so yummy I had 2. My appetizer was Jumbo Lump Crab Toast roasted corn, avocado, jalapeno, lime. It was so delicious and fresh!! I could have even 3 of these. Eventually my friend arrived and she ordered  the Crispy Squid Salad coconut cashew, sweet chili, sesame, ouffed rice, I love this salad as well. It was a perfect marrying of so many flavors I almost regretted not getting one. The serving size was large enough to have as a meal. For dinner we both ordered the Crab Linguine -
parsley, parmesan, chili, mushroom. Again another winner!! 
I highly recommend this restaurant. Minus the parking and the wait in the beginning this would have been a 5 star experience. My waitress was sweet and provided great service to my friend and I. 
Go NOW!!!I was torn between rating this place three or four stars but I opted for three for a variety of reasons. To start, the atmosphere is intimate and for a Friday evening it was quiet. The food was subpar and the service was lacking. If you are someone who occasionally eats seafood you probably will enjoy the food here, but I found the seafood not entirely as fresh or tasteful as I prefer. We ordered the Berks seafood tower and were mostly satisfied but it wasn't much to rave about. Crab meat did not taste fresh and the cocktail sauce tasted like ketchup. The pasta we ordered was okay, I thought it lacked flavor and texture but my date enjoyed it. My favorite dish of the night would either be the octopus or the scallops appetizer. Again, scallops could've been fresher but even served as they were still very tasty. Side note- the sparkling water they serve is house made I believe and loses carbonation extremely fast. Biggest issue from the night was the attentiveness of our server. As nice as she was she was often not found when we needed her. She also left our water glasses empty for quite a while to the point where we felt rude asking a server who was not waiting on us to please fill our glasses (we could not locate her for a long time and didn't see another option) we wanted to try dessert but feared waiting around for our waitress after we finished so we opted out. In all, I would return next season to try new dishes and give this place another chance. No huge errors, all fixable issues. Food was pretty tasty and the staff was overall welcoming.Finally made my way here for $1 oysters on a Sunday. A dozen of them cured my craving but still had enough room for the lump crab toast and tahini cauliflower. My mouth is watering just reminiscing all the flavors. Definitely recommend!I was super excited to visit Aether on NYE with my girlfriend. Unfortunately, the meal didn't live up to the hype. The drinks took way too long to arrive, coming shortly after we received our appetizers. They also tasted like rubbing alcohol...The appetizers, a calamari salad and Brussels sprouts, were way way too salty. Then came the main courses. The Thai salmon was very good, however the rice was over cooked. The worst thing was a giant chunk of overcooked pasta in the crab linguine. Tasty, but ya can't really have a solid part of the dish inedible. 
May try it again based on the reviews and expectations, but definitely a letdown on NYE.