I have never had chicken liver mousse before Agiato, and OH-MA-GAWD, I dreamed about it that night  when I went to bed [serious]. Absolutely mind-blowing. It was topped with crushed pistachio might I add.
The duck confit salad was pretty over-seasoned :[ but i could tell otherwise it was amazing. Love the outdoor seating, too bad a storm came few minutes after we got there. 
The bread was good, but not the best I have ever had. Definitely one of the best places in Manyunk! I would go for the chicken live mousse crostini alone!It surprises me that people have recent reviews. We went to check this place out but it's gone. Wandered up and down Main Street like idiots before we finally decided to go to somewhere elseFantastic - Went here for a late lunch with the gf. We both ordered panini's that were amazing. Took a look at the dinner menu, and i must say i will be returning. It was a nice day, so we sat outside and enjoyed the scenery. The only drawback I found was the service was a bit so so. We had 3 different waiters/waitresses during the course of our short lunch. They were all very nice, so no sweat at all, just found it strange.... Either way, definitely one of the better restaurants on Main Street.
EDIT: So I am forced to knock Agiato down a star due to lack-luster service. We've been there a couple more times after the initial review and each time, the service was super spotty and slow. We were brought the wrong items multiple times. Every time I've ordered a bottle of wine, its taken them 20-25 minutes to bring it to the table. Just unacceptable. It'll be a while before we come back to Agiato. Its a shame because the food is so good. Maybe they'll get their act together.....After 3 times and having 3 different meals here I want to take the time to praise Agiato for every thing they do right. 
I've done lunch, brunch and dinner here and I can't pick a favorite. I'm a sucker for breakfast and their French toast is phenomenal. Phen-om-en-al. 
I loved their breakfast, clearly. For lunch I had the prosciutto di Parma, fresh mozzarella tomato and basil sandwich and yes, anybody can throw those on a roll and it'll taste good to me but what sets them far and away ahead is their roll. Living in Philly, you really have the priveledge of saying a roll makes the sandwich. It did an it was excellent. 
For dinner, with friends we all split a meat and cheese assortment that was so fresh and tasty and all split our sandwiches with each other so we could all get to try just about everything since the menu makes it so har to choose just one. 
The little things here really go a long way. All 3 times the service was unreal. I think every worker in the restaurant at one point or another came and filled water, took away empty plates and asked if there was anything else they could get you. You can't miss here. I'd say go for brunch so you can choose from the entire menu and you will be wowed.i was looking to grab a good sandwich. i walked in to agiato and the over all calming and simplistic aesthetic changed my plans for the evening. when i sat down i was greeted warmly by the staff. luckily, i knew what kind of wines to look for otherwise i would have taken a long time to navigate the fine wine list. started with the tomato soup and it was too good to finish so i continued to order other small plates after that. then i had the salad with the sardines, then the perfectly prepared artichoke salad, followed by olives with fennel. with the second bottle of wine had the bruschetta and fried egg panini. the wine list was affordable with a variety of artisanal wines. the menu will keep you coming back, hands down the most enjoyable food i have had in the last year! agiato is what we all wanted here in manayunk!Love this place.  Absolutely LOVED this place.
I recently graduated college and landed a new job so I felt it necessary to take a few people out to dinner who helped me out along the way.  We decided on Agiato because of its location (on Main St. in Manayunk), and because of the reviews on this website.  
We made last minute reservations, as the seating is tight, but the owner was able to accomodate us with relatively no issue.  The atmosphere was intoxicating.  The communal table in the middle of the restaurant had 3 seperate parties going strong, and each and every other table was full.  We started out with a round of drinks (the 29 cabernet savignon was an excellent recommendation), and ordered a few crostini's.  We ordered the gorgonzola and fig crostini, and also the ricotta fresca and honey crostini, along with a spinach walnut pear and gorgonzola salad (noticing a cheese trend here?).
The entree's we ordered were from the panini section of the menu, and by god they were each glorious in their own right.  I ordered the porcetta and fontina panini and was blown away by how great each individual ingredient was on its own.  
A true experience that is a must for Manayunk.Though the menu was promising, upon entering I was directed rather off-handedly to a table by the door (though there were many better locations).  I asked to be seated elsewhere, and in just as cavalier attitude I was told "sure!" and waved away. 
The service was awful--fawning to cover up complete indifference, best exemplified by the fact that my entree came out a good 10 minutes after my companion's (by which time she had finished hers) with nary an apology.  The clams were tough--a sure sign of overcooking--and the mussels the same. The "scallops" were really one scallop, split in half.  The broth was good--the highlight of the evening.  Servers kept trying to snatch up an almost (but not) empty wine glass.  Coffee was horrible.  Add to that that at the end of the evening, we were one of 2 parties in the room; the other party's conviviality was so loud that my companion and I could barely hear each other.  Imagine what this place is like when it's full.
I will not be back.  And you shouldn't bother, either.  Too many good places in Manayunk to waste a trip here.I feel horrible for writing this. I...I am conflicted in ways I wish I could fully comprehend. 
I don't mean to besmirch the people who work here. I can say nothing ill of the people who have provided excellent service, or of the people who crafted the menu. I love the concept, and I drool at the descriptions of the food I see on the menu. I love the ideas, I love the cuisine, I love the fact that someone who loves food seems to have a guiding vision on the menu.
But in the end, the food isn't great. This isn't to say that it's bad. It's *miles* from bad...it just happens to be an equal distance away from great. You can't go wrong here, and you won't walk away disgusted. You just won't walk away amazed.
To fully illustrate the problem, I'll say this: I finished my meal. I walked down the street to my favorite bar and ordered a beer. That beer had more, flavor, more complexity, and brought me greater satisfaction than anything I have tried at Agiato. There was nothing wrong with what I had that night, but it was matched in full by a single sip of beer, and in the end, I know which one I would go back to.My favorite place to eat in Manayunk, everything about this place says it's top notch, from the handmade tables including a big communal table, to the amazing wine list, fantastic food and the Synesso Espresso machine.
The service was excellent and attentive without being overly pushy and the food...wow! We started off with the meat sampler which had a large selection of pork meats and sausage (speck being my fav) and some bresaola. We also had a 5 cheese platter, with a wide variety of cheeses, the mushroom soup was so flavorful also. My main dish was a Prosciutto and aged Gruyere Panani topped with a fried egg. To top this off my meal was accompanied by an 06 Valpolicella that was lush and the perfect accompaniment to the meal.Yum! I've been here a couple of times and it has been delicious. It's especially good if you like to get a bunch of different plates and share amongst your party. Not as good if you expect to get one hearty entree for yourself and expect to have a full meat-and-potatoes type of plate. The service is relaxed yet attentive, and the atmosphere is relaxing- kind of a rustic Italian cottage type of deal. If you are there with only one or two other people, there is a small bar/counter facing the front windows- great for Main Street people watching.
I've tried several things here, and almost everything has been top notch. The frisee, goat cheese and duck confit salad is my favorite thing that I've had there, but if you take it home, prepare for it to not be nearly as delicious as it was at the table. The mushroom soup was also a winner, as well as the white anchovy antipasta dish. They have a bunch of paninis that feature an assortment of italian meats, but don't expect the servers to be super descriptive as to the difference between each meat. I guess you just have to try them all. What I like about the paninis is that they all taste like super high-end versions of the deli meat-and-cheese sandwiches your mom made you when you were little. The cotto and egg sandwich is the best one I've tried, and the Speck sandwich was probably my least favorite, only because the thick cut of bread overpowered the ingredients inside. One thing they don't advertise as a side that we absolutely love, and always get extras of, is the pickled onions. Yum. 
Oh, and in case you were wondering what "Tramezzini" means, it's just a fancy way of saying a little sandwich with the crusts cut off. 
This would be a great place to have a dinner with a bunch of friends; they have a long 10/12 person table in the middle of the room, and the menu, as I mentioned, is great for sharing.
4.5 stars overall!Delicious! Cool, oversized, rustic decor inside, extensive wine and beer list. Prices are just right for date night (not too cheap, not too expensive). Coming from NJ, home of affordable, plentiful Italian restaurants and pizzerias, I'm picky about my Italian-American food. Agiato did not disappoint!
We had a spread of 3 cheeses, which come with bread and honey. We had the Brie, Ramao, and another. The first two were yummy. 
Entrees: I had the prociutto cotto and fried egg panini, and my friend had the a pasta dish with crabmeat. These days, I am skeptical of anything that mentions crabmeat b/c it is priced higher and then has the nerve to be skimpy with the meat. Not so at Agiato. Succulent lump crab meat throughout went just right with a slightly spicy tomato-based sauce. We went splitsville, and I loved the pasta dish, and my friend loved the panini. 
I usually avoid Italian food in PA, but will make an exception for Agiato!Revision: Unfortunately I have to downgrade Agiato from 5 to 4 stars due to our recent lunch experience. Went with my wife and daughter, service was overall good but:
1) My gruyere/ham/fried egg panini was small. I mean..tiny..with like a few leaves of lettuce as a aide salad. For $11 I don't expect a huge portion...but this was a bit silly...more like a mini panini. Not a good value.
2) My 3 year old daughter was suddenly talking about how much she wanted carrots. So we asked our server if she could bring us even a few small pieces for her. The server smiled, said "no problem" and came back with a bowl of about 1/2 a chopped carrot's worth. We thought that was so nice of her...until she charged us $3 for it. 
Really Agiato? $3 for 1/2 a carrot.? We will not be returning for lunch.
Probably the best overall restaurant in Manayunk at the moment (at least as good as Han Dynasty) - also one of its best values. Lunch is paninis and dinner is Italian "small plates" which are not small at all. Food is well made, perhaps not the most exciting, but overall delicious and consistent (we've been here twice). Our waitress Katie was excellent, attentive but not overbearing. The kid passing out bread and busing looked like he may need mild anti depressives, but that was the only lowlight. An excellent value (plates $6-18). Great bar and affordable wine selection. Get the clam/mussels dish and any pasta dish. Great place, hope they stay for a long time.As I was introducing to this cute neighborhood of Manayunk, I already fell in love with all the boutique and unique stores.  As we were deciding where to go for dinner and pulling out yelp applications, menus at the two restaurants i browsed were just not very pleasing, as I was looking around left and right, i totally neglected this tiny restaurant right next to the market place behind my back while i was looking left and right!  my immediate attraction was the wine lists and simple yet unique menu.  It's a very small restaurant w a big communal natural wood table in the middle and small tables around it. the ambiance was very warm, cozy and romantic.  we got sat down on a communal table, it was unbelievable our dining fellows(mostly elder local people w their families) were so friendly and offering our food as if we were their friends! we ordered Tempranillo which was amazing w the olives! I ordered an eggplant panini which i was hesitated to in the beginning, oh my god, it was soo good, the bread was just crispy enough w eggplant serves more like spread but richer taste that left me for wanting more!  Proscuitto panini was pretty good too!  i normally don't order desert from a restaurant unless i'm sure that it's good, or in this case still half hungry cos of the portion, we were told that chocolate souffle required at least 20 minutes wait, but we didn't mind cos it's a place where you can actually have a conversation and enjoy our wine so 20 minutes meant nothing! let tell you how worthy of every single minute of it, it was still warm cos fresh out of oven but not too hot, just sweet enough to completely melt my heart away! we offered it to the old lady sitting next to us and she ended up ordering it herself.   this is the kinda of place i truly appreciate food, life and wine! oh forgot to mention the service was attentive and friendly!  I have more reasons to go to philly now!I'm addicted to Agiato bread, so naturally I would like the restaurant. The inside has a really rustic feel, only 4 small tables, a large communal table, a few bar tables by the windows and in the back near the kitchen. It has a real farm-to-table feel and, as our waiter explained, they try to use fresh and local ingredients. We started with a few meats and let the waiter take his pick of three cheeses for us - one of which was purple haze and honestly that goat cheese is a hallucinogenic (joking! but it is amazing). We each picked a panini (I had the prosciutto, gruyere, and egg, hubby had the prosciutto, leeks, and walnut pesto). All of the food was great, fresh and perfectly paired with our wine. 
Everything is reasonably priced and if you're a cheese lover like myself you'll definitely appreciate it. Oh I almost forgot - the chocolate souffle was perfect  - soft and gooey in the middle, fluffy on the outside - I practically licked my plate. The chef came out to see how everyone was (you gotta appreciate places that still do that). 
They are moving to a larger space so if you have issues with the communal table or close seating they may have more tables and little more privacy in the bigger location. They will also have a small sales counter to sell local cheese, etc. I'm looking forward to it Agiato!My boyfriend just took me here for my birthday dinner and we were both more than pleased. The food and service were both way above expectations. Our waitress was very nice and told us upfront that the plates were small and made for sharing--sort of like tapas style. We ordered the white peach bruschetta--delicious. Very refreshing in the summer and the tangy fruit mixed with creamy cheese was great. Then we had the salad with goat cheese and toasted almonds--we have an obsession with goat cheese, so this one was a no-brainer. The entree we split was the duck breast with Brussels sprouts. The duck probably could've been seasoned a bit more, but still really good and the Brussels sprouts were perfect. The beer list here is quite impressive, although they were out of the IPA my boyfriend wanted. I had a Spanish white wine and was pleased. The staff couldn't have been friendlier and treated us excellently. I highly recommend this place for a great night out with some friends  and definitely for a date night. Loved Agiato!Food and service are 5 star, but........
Noise level is NOT average!!
We were enjoying fine food until the place got about half full.  Then the noise level became very unpleasant.  The bare wooden ceilings need major work to make me want to come back.  I like to be able to speak to my dining companion without shouting!I had a terrific meal here last night--not just because the food was delicious but also due to the excellent service. I think at least four restaurant employees served our table at various times, and it was very much like being in a relaxed family home. 
I could not have been more pleased with the composition of the menu (we ordered a soup, a salad, and three antipasti)--the choices were seasonal, tasty, and filling without being overrich. Also, I had a perfectly made cocktail. 
This restaurant is definitely "worth the trip" from wherever you're from. We were lucky to stumble upon it on a whim trip to Manyunk, but I would come back on a special mission.I enjoyed this place. The server was very professional and he knew his stuff. The meat and cheese plates are a must try  the olives were excellent. Spinach salad was pretty good but not excellent. Definitely worth checking out.Recently the menu has been redone and better than ever.  This place has an excellent beer wine and cocktail selection and delicious Italian food.  The polenta is to die for and the new pastas are great. Their cheese selection is always changoing and generous portion s are given.  Great chocolate souffle as well.pas malProbably my favorite spot on Main St. at the moment. We love going in to see what the cheese/beer selection is as often as we can, and I really enjoy the communal dining table in the center of the place. My recommendation is to do as many meats and cheeses as your party requires, let everyone grab what they want from the platters, and pair that with whatever strikes your fancy from the beer selection. 
The new bar is nice, albeit strange that the "bar" seating is on the wall opposite the actual bar. The one time we went the wine was fairly exorbitantly priced but we were assured that it was because all of the reasonably priced bottles had alread been sold and they were between orders. They've never given me any reason to doubt them so I'll take them at their word.Agiato is my kind of place. Natural and rustic, wood everywhere, with a focus on cheese and wine and fresh ingredients.
We ordered 3 cheeses for the table, all sounded delicious. I was definitely underwhelmed when they were brought out. Literally 2 little pieces of each cheese. While delicious, portions were skimpy. For our mains we had a variety around the table, salad, panini, veal osso bucco. The salad, with all of my favorite ingredients, managed to be tasteless. 
Overall, there is a nice ambiance, but the food didn't really measure up to my expectations. Nor did the service...a little pretentious? Could possibly be better going as a couple, since the portions are on the smaller side.This is a great spot in Manayunk when it is nice outside. Grab a table outside with a glass of wine and watch the time go by. Good spot for people watching or a date. It's also a great place for lunch. They have great salads. I had the poached tuna salad and it was really good. The paninis are good too. The inside is cozy. Elaborate drinks list. Good wine selection. Watch out for their wine dispenser malfunction that happen from time to time. The lines get clogged for some wines and you'll be stuck with a bad glass. If you think the wine is a bit off, it probably is.
** I was recently told that this place closed and it is apparently a burger joint.We went there on a whim as all the other places seemed too crowded. A great find! A bit on the expensive side (3 bucks for a small diet coke???) The menu was eclectic and diverse with very fresh ingredients. We started out with a goat cheese and fresh chive on a crustini bread. Then we had two different panini sandwiches. One was prosciutto, asiago, and    fried egg which was excellent. The other had goat cheese, caramelized onion, and chili aoia. Both were accompanied by small mixed greens with pickled beets on the side and both were fantastic and I thought rather inventive. Add to that the various wines, beers, etc. the ambiance was pretty nice and the servers were great. Next time we will stay for dessert and coffee.I thought this place was alright, food was good but the portions were a little small for my liking. I recommend making reservations before hand or you might end up at the communal table which was a little awkward.great little place in manayunk with good wine and beer selection and paninis.  their polenta is to die for but pasta is missing from the menu and much needed to widen the variety.Agiato is an awesome restaurant.  They have amazing paninis that are different than other restaurants in the area.  The wine and beer menu are extensive and the service is great.  There are a couple of tables outside as well that make it a great restaurant!Exactly the place manayunk needed. Great "small" dishes. I went for lunch And got prositutto  and egg panini it was bomb. Great bread and cheeses. Breakfast is this places' hidden secret- it's phenomenal. Best frittata I've eaten, and alot of very original dishes that I'm sure are good. 2 thumbs way up.Agiato has become my favorite go-to place in Manayunk. It is the perfect place to bring friends, have a romantic evening, or even bring a family... just make a reservation prior if it is a larger group. 
Agiato caters to the numerous dining moods someone may need. If you are looking for something light, why not have a delicious assortment of cheese and a sampling of good wines? Interested in a heavy meal, maybe seafood? Get the mixto  or a pasta dish and leave happy and full!
Overall if you are looking for a nice place to relax and have great food, Agiato should be at the top of your list.I think this place might now rival Chabaa as my favorite restaurant in Manayunk.  I came here last week for the first time and it was awesome.  My girlfriend and I came for a late dinner and there was plenty of seating available outside so we sat right down.  The staff was very friendly, the beer and wine lists were large and had something for everyone.  I would have liked if they had at least a few beers on draft though.
On to the food.... I'm not going to lie, I was slightly intimidated by the menu once we first sat down.  Be sure to brush up on your italian before coming because portions are not in english.  After deciphering the menu and ordering, our food was delicious.  I loved the bread that is used for the paninis.  The crostini we ordered was larger than we expected.  It was almost like a flat bread.  All in all, the food was delicious and I am definitely coming back.I love the prosciutto and fried egg panini. The portions here are very reasonable but the flavors are great. This is .definitely a place to taste rather than gorge. I highly recommend Getting the 7cheese sampler along with the prosciutto and sorpressata. The ricotta and honey crostini is also very good.  Any of the prosciutto paninis s good but I just like fried eggs in just about everything so that's my personal fav.  The wine selection is very diverse and we had a nice Cabernet Sauvignon.  A great place to enjoy a light meal with numerous different dishes.I love this panini/wine bar spot on Main Street in Manayunk.  I've added it into my weekend morning routine.  Everything I've tried has been fantastic and the servers are super friendly.We happened upon this place somewhat by accident and were slightly confused by the various descriptions online.  Pannini shop, bakery, market or restaurant? I had never heard of it but when I asked around I found several acquaintances considered this among their favorite local spots.  
This is an adorable little restaurant in downtown Manayunk with a stellar selection of cheese, cured meats, wine and beer - what more do you really need!  Our waiter was endlessly knowledgeable and patient as we navigated the small but exciting menu of small plates, affordable wines and  noteworthy beers. We enjoyed the informal atmosphere, open kitchen and large wooden table for two.  The long communal table at the center of the restaurant would be an excellent place for a large party or to mingle with other diners. We started with a cheese plate and then moved on to several small dishes, a pannini and a large salad.  I read that they will be expanding the menu which would make this even more of a go-to spot.
My only disappointment was the distracting, self-centered chatter of club-clad twenty-somethings who seemed to fill up the restaurant half way through our relaxed Thursday night meal, but I guess that's Manayunk! I will definitely return and feel confident recommending to others - maybe try midweek for a more easy going crowd.I have had excellent experiences at Agiato!  The duck panini holds a special place in my heart.I went here on the day of the bike race.  The service was remarkably SLOW, despite the restaurant being pretty empty and having a lot of waiters standing around.  They forgot to give us an appetizer.  I had the Gruyere and caramelized onion panini and it was tiny (way smaller than what my friends ordered) and mediocre.  It's not really enough for a lunch all by itself, and I don't exactly have a huge appetite.  Small portions are ok, but usually when a restaurant serves small portions, they're at least delicious.  This was not.  
I'm not sure if they were ignoring us to keep us there longer, trying to make it look like the restaurant had people in it or what.  With the bad service and the disappointing food, I won't be back.  There are a lot of better options down the street.A new favorite!  After our first visit, we loved it so much that we went back a second time within the week!  It's a small cozy space with heavy farmhouse tables.  The service is some of the best I've had recently - servers are staggeringly knowledgeable about every single thing on the menu, good with wine recommendations and explanations of ingredients.  The wine and beer selections are vast, and there are some very good quality wines at a nice affordable price point.  All of the salads we saw coming out of the kitchen were a really good size, enough to just eat that for dinner if you could resist the other things on the menu - we had frisee salad with duck confit (an inspired pairing) and those perfect cherries to round everything out.  Loved the prosciutto, leek and pesto panini, but the standout star of the meal was the polenta with taleggio fonduta - creamy and cheesy heaven.  More taleggio with the mushroom crostini - the crostini are great because the bread's not so hard that you'll break your teeth biting into it - it's still a bit chewy, and the cheese holds its own against the large dollop of mushrooms.  You can't wrong with the affettiti misti, but if you have to choose, the speck and the bresaola were probably the best I've ever had, and my dining partner was obsessed with the sopressata and another one of the spicier meats.  We had a few cheeses, all to die for, I think the unanimous favorite was La Tur, buttery and earthy, but if you're stuck, just ask your server for a recommendation - they're all-knowing!  Served with your cheese or meat, the bread alone is a reason to go.  If you save room for dessert, the nutella panino is so yummy, that even though it comes out piping hot, you'll want to endure roof-of-your-mouth burns to devour it.What an asshole. I wanted to order from the menu a sandwich that had some kind of cured pork, greens, tomato, and lemon aioli.  I asked if he could substitute chicken for the pork.  He said no.  (The waiter, who was also either the chef or owner.)  I asked why, and he said because he could not guarantee the taste.  I told him I could imagine that chicken with greens, tomato, and lemon aioli would taste just fine.  He refused.  He said that his recipes are created to taste a certain way and he was not willing to compromise is recipe.  
Excuse me, you jerk and a half.  I'm not asking you to recreate a family recipe for bolognese sauce.  I'm not asking for tofu or tempeh or some other sort of gross vegan substitute.  You have chicken on the menu in another sandwich so it is not like I am asking you to import a new item to your menu or asking you to go to the chicken coop for a fresh slaughter.  And it is a mother freaking sandwich.  Yes, your ingredients are fresh, the flowers on the table pretty, the olives dang good, and the communal tables ever so hip, but lord have mercy it is a friggen sandwich on your menu that I am ordering.  I instead ate a cold chicken salad type tea sandwich that was super bland.  I prefer the chicken salad sandwiches in my Dad's nursing home. 
My husband's white anchovy salad was lovely and the beer list nice.  But he won't go back to the place either.  The rudeness was astounding.Nice but not exceptional lunch spot. The ribollita soup was more beans than vegetables. The brisket meatballs are dense enough to use as goofballs. The pasta's red sauce was nice. Nice idea though to offer wines by the ounce so can taste as you please.I was craving something savory but didn't have much time for a sit-down meal so I decided to stop in to grab a sandwich.  After much deliberation, I settled on the prosciutto panini with the walnut pesto and leeks, and the chicken liver with toast.  The panini was a delicious blend of flavors between freshly baked, warm, grilled bread.  The meat was flavorful without being overly salty and the pesto and truffled leeks were great complements that enhanced it.  The chicken liver was very savory, light, and airy; it's actually a mousse so it was whipped and paired very well with the crunchy toast.  It was around $20 for both, including tax and tip.  They also have outdoor seating which is great on a sunny day if you want to people-watch on Main Street and/or read on your iPad.  Service was very friendly and I got my food very quickly.Great food and great service. If you like your plate overflowing then this won't be the place for you. Parking is definitely a challenge.Agiato was absolutely delicious, affordable, and had great service. The only reason I would knock down a star was its Manayunk location, but it doesn't seem fair for my geographical snobbery to lower this restaurant's rating, so I kept it at 5 stars.
I went with Martha G and 4 other friends for First Friday in Manayunk. I'm pretty new to Philly from NYC and all I knew about Manayunk is that it's the Murray Hill of Philly, ie. where recent college grads go when they have to move out of the dorms. Now there's nothing wrong with that when you're 21 or even 24, but sadly, I'm too old for that now. However, I keep hearing about this mythical Manayunk place, and since I found out that they too have a First Friday, and since I love Old City's FF, this seemed like the perfect opportunity to venture out to Manayunk. 
We wandered through a few boutiques, saw the little strip of restaurants and shops that seemed to make up Manayunk, and finally found a bar where we could wait for our tardy friend. Now this bar seemed like everything I hate about Murray Hill -- loud fratty 21 year olds -- so I thought Manayunk was living up to my expectation. But then I saw they had dollar domestic drafts during happy hour (4-8pm), and I realized the upsides of places that cater to loud fratty 21 year olds. A couple beers later, Manayunk wasn't so bad and we were off to our reservation at Agiato.
Ah yes, Agiato... three paragraphs later, what this review is for. We had a Restaurant.com coupon which unlike most of them, also covers alcohol. So we started off with a bottle of wine and a meat and cheese plate. Delicious. Then came the tapas -- the ricotta crostini was the best, a sausage with white beans was also delish. A cotto panini was fabulous. The duck frisee salad was pretty good, and the spinach salad was a little boring. We were drunk and stuffed. And including the cost of our coupon, we paid around $25 or so each. 
It was great. I'm not sure yet if it's worth the trip to Manayunk for it. Maybe, just maybe. Perhaps try out a First Friday when the weather's a little warmer.We liked sitting outside, drinking yummy cocktails, sampling the cheese and meat board (the homemade mustard is AMAZING), trying the fried cauliflower (over battered and bland) and the duck breast with brussel sprouts.  The duck wasn't that great, a little bland? but the brussel sprouts were perfectly cooked.  Our waiter was young and eager, very cute.The comfortable interior has a rustic old country feel. Have a conversation with Matt over the separate extensive bar menus - Porterhouse Oyster Stout (nitro) a new favorite. Seat streetside; the attention as good out as in.  The pasta is made on site - try the Cassarecce with crab.I can't even tell you how much I loved my dinner experience at Agiato.  I think my most favorite was the cippolini onion, walnut pesto crostini. The caramelized onion and pesto was so creamy and rich.  My sister and I shared a pasta, a sandwich, and roasted polenta antipasti.   We got so much food, but the bill was very reasonable.  Because Agiato serves "small plates," I was worried that we would have to get a lot of food and spend a lot of money to be full at the end of dinner.  This was not the case.  We did get a lot of food and a lot of drinks and left happy with both the amount we spent and our full stomachs. I look forward to trying their new brunch.
I also have to mention how great our waitress was.  She was extremely knowledgable and clearly cared about her job and the restaurant.  I just wish I could remember her name so I could give her a shout out.Oh my, this place was delicious! 
When I was there, I had 2 glasses of wine (the Barbera was the best, so yummy and delightful!),  the walnut pesto proscioutto truffled leek panini, the burrata cheese, the green olives with balsamic pistacios.... and my favorite, the one that I still think about going back for every now and then which was almost like a desert...... the goat cheese with clover honey infused with truffles....it was divine and the honey was served somewhat cold and wasn't overly sweet, very delicate, I have never quite tasted anything like that...
Anyway, here is what you'll like about the place.
Atmosphere /decor - simple, slightly, almost bare, but charming - several individual tables and one communal table if I recall correctly - in other words, the food does the talking, not the environment.
Food - simple, fresh, most probably local and never heavy handed with the flavors.  Delicate but not gussied up.  I enjoyed even the tiny micro-green salad that came one the side of my panini - I believe that the charming owner said that the onions were soaked in saffron. Not sure if i got that right, but yum!!
Selection / plate size - almost all their individual food items are under $10 -12, if not less. And they have fairly large salads, paninis, small crostini, meats, cheeses, almonds, olives, small sandwiches - and all of it is delicious - so you can order a variety of things without commiting to just one dish for your meal.
Wine selection - fantastic by the glass wine selection - portions come in three different sizes and even the smallest size was pretty generous.... (psst, I believe the owners are expanding upon their location - and there is going to be even more wine to choose from. Hooray!!!)
The team - very hospitable. The owner was even kind enough to give me recommendations in PA that he thinks are exceptional and gave praise to the food quality at these joints.  Not every day you hear someone saying that his could be competitors are very good, or using an "if the area does well, I do well" mind set. 
If you go here, you will be pleasantly surprised! Amazing food, great value. I have been to a couple of places in NYC - particularly Brooklyn - that are similiar in concept, but this place keeps the atmosphere and the menu light - which is just perfect!I have been here countless times and even before they expanded. their beer and wine selection is HUGE and really makes your experience that much better. Perfect for a romantic date or just going out with with a friend. Amazing charcuterie and food. I love this place. The staff is extremely friendly and helps make your experience a good one.I had an excellent time at Agaito. Fresh bread, and fresh food. And It is the best quiltly I have ever hade. Try this resteraunt.The food here is OK... Actually, it's generally pretty decent BUT... here is a big big big BUT the service is SUPER slow. We have been here three times. The first time we figured that they were getting things going. The second time we were assured that they were slow due to a large party. Today? No good reason. It really creates a frustrating dining experience, which, in my book far outweighs any decent food they have. I'll say this - the wait staff are super sweet but not always quick with requests (or they forget altogether). But, unless they pick up the pace, we won't be returning.This place is outstanding, one of the best restaurants that I have been to in a long time.  I went there for brunch today, we were a group of 14.  They were very accommodating, taking us earlier than our reservation time and letting us linger even though we were taking up quite a bit of space (it's not very large).  Our waitress was absolutely stellar, she took such time and care to explain the menus -- not just the food, but the wine and beer lists which are quite extensive.  And even though the brunch menu was not really large it was difficult to decide because everything sounded so great.  As it turned out I think between all of us we ordered nearly all of the selections and we all raved about what we had.  I loved the way they offer the opportunity to have different size pours of wine so that you can sample a different wine with a different course.  With the cheese and meat tastings, this is a wonderful little meal.  I had the beet salad which was great, preceded by a tasting of Manchego cheese with 2 different 3 oz pours of wine.  Perfect little brunch.  And the blood orange sorbet was the perfect way to top it all off.  So looking forward to going back there for dinner.Agiato was a very pleasant surprise.  I was initially intimidated by its appearance, thinking it would be out of my price range for a casual dinner with friends.  I had dropped by with friends before but did not end up going because they have really long waiting times for dinner on weekends.  We finally ended up going for an early dinner on a Saturday without a long wait.  Their prices are better than Derek's and Jake's & Cooper's, but they have a more unique menu.  Their plates are on the smaller size, but everything was delicious.  We had one of their arugula salads, which was light and flavorful. The eggplant was also cooked just right - it was light and fluffy. We also got a rotini pasta dish, which was on the smaller side, but again very very good.  I want to go back on an empty stomach to try more of their cheese and charcuterie plates, as well as their paninis.Had a wonderful visit here in town from Seattle visiting friends. Great flatbreads, great beer selection, great desserts. Had a delicious salad with frisee, egg and crisped pancetta.They are telling the truth when they say they're known for their meats and cheeses.  We came as a group of six for dinner, including yelper extraordinare Adrienne R., after wandering Manayunk for First Friday.  (side note: First Friday in Manayunk is lackluster.)  The space is small and cozy, and they have a large shared table in the middle of the restaurant.  We just started ordering; misti charcuterie plate, 5 cheese plate, sausage with white beans, spinach salad, duck frisee, herb roasted cotto panini, ricotta crostini.  For six people, that turned out to be a good amount; not too stuffed but pleasantly satiated.
The cheese plate was amazing.  They had an excellent brie from France, and I enjoyed the sharp pecorino as a nice contrast.  The meat plate was bountiful, and I have a new-found love for soppresata.  We all gobbled up the ricotta crostini-it could have been a dessert it was so sweet.  The sausage was awesome, too.  Usually I find a sausage flavor to be too strong, but this one was pretty mild; you could taste the meat rather than the seasoning.  I found that I wasn't taken by the duck frisee; the duck (and there was a lot of duck) was pretty strong in flavor, and I think I prefer duck that is overpowered by its seasoning (contrast with sausage).  The spinach salad was pretty standard, but it was nice to have a lighter option along with the meats and cheeses.  The salad portions are decent-sized, and the panini is your typical panini size.  The antipasti and crostini are smaller, but were delicious.
They have an extensive wine menu; we got a bottle to share (chianti) which was great.  They offer maybe 20-ish? wines by the glass, which is nice.  They also have a carafe option (one carafe per person? yes please.)  
In these tough economic times, one of my dining mates was smart enough to check restaurant.com, and found that Agiato was listed.  I perused the site myself later, and it seems Agiato offers the best deal, as they do not have all these conditions on the use of it (e.g., no alcohol, no fri-saturday; tip added).  You just have to spend a minimum amount, but I don't think that's too hard to do.  With the restaurant.com coupon, we came out about $25 a head, which, in my mind, makes Agiato recession-proof.First off, this place has really good food. Why am I giving it only 3 stars? Pricing. 
So the good: they do an outstanding job of selecting meats and cheeses, and actually give a really large portion of meat for the price (3 for $18 I believe). Probably the best brie I've had there and the rosemary hard cheese was amazing too. 
The bad: The portion size for the pasta dishes; I had the bolognese and it was decent. My girlfriend had the squid ink dish, and we both agreed it was amazing. 
The WTF: The wine -- TERRIBLY priced. I was very dissapointed with the 1996 Bordeaux blend 5 oz serving for +20 bucks, or the cheaper napa cabs at $14 for a 5oz glass when you could find bottles online for $20. We were a bit surprised the pasta dishes were actually pretty cheap, but again the portions were tiny, which made sense on the price. 
In summary, the decor and food was delicious. The wine selection and drink selection in general is great, but expect to pay a lot for it.My Restaurant.com certificate required that I spend $35, so my boyfriend and I basically had breakfast and lunch in one sitting.  I'm glad we did!
I had the "truffled egg toast" followed by the "eggplant, romesco, crescenza" panino.
He had the "poached egg bruschetta, prosciutto, romesco" followed by the "pancetta, arugula, fresh tomato, lemon aioli" panino.  Everything was delicious, especially the egg dishes.
After trying out several restaurants around Roxborough and Manayunk and being disappointed, we were delighted to finally find something worth our while.  This was the best meal we've had in a restaurant in a long time.
I'm a cheapskate, and I plan to return without a coupon.  :::Shudder:::Having visited Agiato for the first time earlier tonight, I was compelled to write a review. This restaurant, in regards to quality of food, was one of the best places I have dined at in a long time. We ordered an antipasti (the polenta with fonduta and balsamic), bruschetta (with asparagus and truffle oil), and I had the cavatappi with prosciutto, peas, and three cheese fonduta.  Overall the food was fantastic, and having come from an Italian family and living in Italy last year, I am very picky with Italian food. So why the three stars? The service. The hostess and bus boy were friendly and accommodating, but I unfortunately cannot say the same about our waiter. As soon as we told him we were not ordering wine (one of my friends is not of age yet) he wanted absolutely nothing to do with us. He completely ignored us, and it was clear that he was only concerned with the tables that were ordering numerous drinks. My friends and myself were appalled that an establishment with this quality of food, could have such poor service. If our waiter had actually paid some sort of attention to us, this place would have been a five in my books.Tonight a friend of mine asked to meet up for a quick bite to eat. I chose Agiato because of the many high ratings on Yelp.  And I'm happy to say we weren't disappointed.  
PROS
Our server was named Kelly, I believe.  She was friendly and professional.  We chose the tuna bruschetta as our appetizer and it was delicious.  Very light.  
For our entree, we ordered the pasta with seafood in a light wine sauce.  I ate every bite, which is unusual for me.  I usually take some of my entree home.  But not tonight! :-) 
I love the decor. Very basic.  
RECOMMENDATIONS
I'd like to recommend two changes: 
1) we sat at a two-top, which is in very close proximity to the "community" table.  So I'd recommend a bit more space between the tables on the far left and the community table; 
2) every time someone came into or left the restaurant, a blast of frigid air would impact us.  I recommend that they hang a heavy curtain around the doorway to combat the winter air.
Other than that, it was a great experience.We had breakfast here and loved it! Haven't had dinner or lunch there yet so I can only give 4 stars until then. But we highly recommend!Went here for the first time last night and loved everything about this place.  Love the sweet window seat we scored that was almost like eating outside and that someone came right over and gave us the entire rundown of the menu.  They of course have a nice wine list but they also have a really decent selection of imported beers.  
We wanted to try a cheese and meat plate first.  I knew I wanted a goat cheese so asked for a recommendation of one and which meat would go best.  We ended up with the Leonara goat cheese from spain and the chorizo.  They bring out the cheese with some honey and the chorizo with a little bowl of almonds and i think some dates or figs...still not sure and some different types of bread.  I wasn't sure how i felt about the honey at first but i'm still thinking about how amazing all of the flavors were together.  The bread with honey, goat cheese, and chorizo was the best combination of sweet, salty, spicy, creamy with a perfect bread base.  Then we each got a panini.  Me - the prosciutto with gruyere with a fried egg on top.  The BF got prosciutto with truffled leeks.  At first sight, his panini looked a little underwhelming and about 95% bread - but the flavors were so potent and went perfectly with the bread.  I had no complaints at all about my choice - but next time I think I'd like to make an entire meal out of ordering all of the meats and cheeses and trying them all.  
Their prices are definitely reasonable too.  For everything I mentioned above, as well as one desert (it was very good but i could have done without it)and a glass of wine and beer - our bill was about 50 bucks or so.  I feel like i couldn't have been happier when we left.  Overall, five stars for the service, atmosphere (fun and loud), and food.  And they do take reservations, which i  would definitely recommend as its a pretty tiny place.  I can't wait to go back.I used to love Agiato, and have been many times, but ever since their re-model a few months ago they've begun charging astronomical prices for their wine (as in, not a single glass of white wine for under $11, and it's only a 5 oz pour) and their food portions have gotten noticeably smaller.  A light dinner for two with a couple of drinks will now set you back over $100.  It used to be more reasonable.I went here for brunch and the restaurant is super cute.  The menu is upscale yet accessible.  I had poached eggs with prosciutto and a red pepper puree on artisan bread.  It was so yummy.  The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable.  Prices were reasonable.  Loved it.  Will come back!!!!Excellent rustic french bistro in a relaxed, casual atomosphere. Great cheeses, really satisfying panini, excellent crostini. French press coffee is a must. Outdoor seating and a pretty rustic inside dining room.Having brunch at 9:00 on a Sunday morning feels like dining in a vibrant, cozy villa in the Italian country side.
...what's really quite astonishing is that Agiato has impressed me by its oatmeal. No seriously, this oatmeal has the perfect texture - it's not too soggy, not too firm - but just right. The maple sweetness is not too cloying and definitely not understated. There's some serious Goldilocks envy with this maple oatmeal. 
The bread is scrumptious and is - if the rumbling floor beneath my feet is any indication - made on the premises. It's light, airy, and and fresh, and when topped with cured meat (again, not too salty but not under-seasoned in the least) of whichever variety, serves as a delightfully satisfying wheat and meat indulgence.It's a good thing that I live far from this place.  If it was closer, I would be a regular.
From the moment you walk in this restaurant, you feel as if you're home.  When we walked in, my dining partner asked me, "are we in someone's living room?"  It feels like that, but in a good way, not the weird way.
I first noticed the rustic appearance of this restaurant.  Everything here is solid wood and I mean thick, farmhouse, solid wood.  The restaurant was rather full but we snagged two seats at the bar.
Our server, who's name escapes me was excellent in walking us through the menu and being attentive but not overbearing.  Aces to that man.  Ok onto the food:
spinach, walnut, gorgonzola, pear vinaigrette salad - perfectly balanced and yes had all those flavors
speck, roasted garlic, chili flake, basil, grana panino - spicy, meaty (not overly so), beautiful basil flavor preserved, this sandwich was a masterpiece
gruyere, grilled onions, calabrian chili panino - sweetness from onions, minor heat and lovely blanket of the gruyere made this one hell of a grilled cheese
We split a carafe of the Montepulciano and it went perfectly.  I want to come here and eat through the entire menu.  I can imagine getting the large bench table and just going to town.
Oh and the bread, yeah it's all made in house.
This place rocks.  Thank God I don't live up here or I might go broke.VERY disappointing. At least for brunch. Had hoped for nice outdoor brunch on a beautiful day; I felt it was overpriced, with a very limited menu and small portions. And, how can you be out of YOGURT?!?I love Agiato. While it's a little bit pricey, it's really an amazing experience if you like the European style of drinking wine and picking on charcuterie and cheeses--don't expect to order a large plate here.
The ambiance is super cool and casual, with indoor and outdoor seating, and a large communal table. 
The wine selection is amazing, and was clearly well thought out. I highly recommend the Primitivo from Apuglia. Primitivo is nearly identical to American red zinfandel. This particular bottle is full-bodied, but very mellow.
You can also order cheeses in one, three, five, or seven cheese platters. All of the platters come with their delicious house-baked bread, and artisan honey. I think I've tried all of the cheeses here, and they are awesome. 
It's also worth noting that the staff here is unbelievably nice.  I've been there four times now, and a fellow who I believe is the owner always remembers me and greets me warmly when they seat me. I had a different waitress each time, and all of them were very knowledgeable and pleasant. 
Definitely check this place out for snack and some good wine.It was a perfect Thursday evening in Manayunk! Great weather to do outside dining, and my friend and I chose Agiato among all the other choices. First off, the menus! So many choices! It took several minutes to read all that this restaurant had to offer. Craft beer, wine, cocktails, cheeses, pastas, crostinis, bruschetta, antipasti, salads, seafood, meats, and paninis...oh my! We were given three different sizes of menus. Whoa. 
Great selection, but chose the DeProef Witte Noire (Belgium Witbier) which was a dark and flavorful beer. For dinner, we shared two types of bruschettas: asparagus with pecorino and the peach with red onion. Friend ordered the frisee salad with goat cheese and dried cherries, and I was in the mood for their seafood mix (mussels, clams, scallops, crab, yum!).
Our food was brought out pretty quickly! There were two large pieces bruschettas for each plate, so it was great for sharing. I now have a new crush for fruit on my bruschetta, thanks to Agiato! My seafood mix was superb, and I loved the broth. Loved, loved loved! We had to order more bread just so we wouldn't waste it! 
Everything about this place was exceptional. Service was extremely friendly and attentive. And since we were outside, there were lots of people watching of those taking a casual stroll down Main Street.
Huge fan!Had a great small lunch here of bread and fresh cheese. The cheese was the star of the show. It was so fresh, refreshing and delicious. The crusty bread was an amazing accompaniment paired with a nice craft beer. 
Pretty pricey but definitely worth a tryAgiato is really the only decent place left on Main St to grab lunch, and decent just doesn't do it justice. Its super tasty and pretty refined as far as Manayunk offerings go. The focus is on meats, cheeses, and paninis, but the bread is the real standout. Its fresh baked at the Agiato bakery a few doors down (also sold at Main St Market a few more doors down). I've enjoyed every panini, snooty cheese/meat combo I've had, and keep wanting to return to try more. There's a few breakfast/brunch items as well, so if a panini isn't your idea of brunch, have no fear. If you're in the Yunk hood I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.I was so excited to come here after reading all the rave reviews, but I was slightly disappointed in the end. At the server's suggestion, I got the prosciutto and cheese panini topped with a fried egg. By boyfriend got the gruyere and grilled onions. I didn't feel that these sandwiches were anything different than I could make at home. They were tasty, but what ISN'T tasty when you combine butter, bread, and cheese. I guess I just didn't think there was anything fantastic about the sandwiches, especially for $9-10. And we were actually kind of hungry when we finished eating...the sandwiches aren't particularly filling.
On the other hand, their baguette was DELICIOUS! We walked to the market a few doors down and purchased it after our meals. Perfectly crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside.My husband and I just went here for the first time. I don't usually write a review after my first time, but I HAD to for Agiato. This place is tiny, but awesome. The service was fantastic. We told the waiter it was our first time there and he took the time to go through pretty much the entire menu with us.  Good wine list. I had an amazing Cabernet Sauvignon. For dinner, we split a cheese plate, the frise, goat cheese, and duck confit salad, and a panini with prosciutto and gueyre cheese with a fried egg on top. All food had so much flavor. It was stellar. I thought we had had the best they had to offer. And then we had dessert. Chocolate souffl with raspberry whipped cream? A thousand times, YES! Decadent. So good. And reasonably priced. Even more so because we got the restaurant.com deal (go check it out). 
I cannot wait to go back to Agiato again. I'm dying to try their brunch!Great little place. Loved the atmosphere. Food was delicious. I had the gruyere and grilled onions panini. Loved it! It's a nice place to escape from the chaos on main st in manayunk. Can't wait to see their dinner menu once they're done expanding. Great beer and wine selection also.Dined at Agiato this week for the first time and boy was it a pleasant experience.  My hubby and I had never been but we wanted to try something new down on Main Street. The service was really great.  Having never been there, the waitress was great in answering all of our questions and recommending things to try.
If you are into craft beer, their selection is unbelievable.  The cheese plate was to die for.  The entrees were perfect portions and we even ordered dessert (the souffle).  Overall, if you are looking for a great dining experience, I would recommend Agiato.  Great food and great company!Went to Agiato for brunch and had a really great experience.
The staff was friendly and funny and seated us right away. The place is charming and has a really relaxed atmosphere-handmade tables/chairs, Italian tiles and beautiful flowers on the tables.
Ordered a cappuccino and a chocolate crossiant. My boyfriend and I each got sandwiches and were pleased. Mine (the coppa/provolone) was full of flavor and I left feeling full and happy. Bread was second to none.
Would recommend to anyone for brunch. We'll be back to try it for dinner!Husband and I did a bike ride from center city to Manayunk and found this restaurant on Yelp, decided to have brunch at Agiato because of all the positive yelp reviews.  
We ordered the breakfast sandwich (eggs/prosciutto/greens?) and a chorizo panini w/ cilantro pesto.  also got the ricotta cheese / orange honey crostini.  
All of it was DELICIOUS!   we sat outdoors and the service was good.  
I would love to go back again, but not via bike.  This time by car.Ok I've been here at least 5 times, and it is so delicious I can barely stand it. Its a kind of delicious that is ... Shut your eyes, pound on the table, and let out a good  mmmm mmmmm ... 
You MUST have wine and cheese while you are there or you are not getting the full effect. And try the baked polenta.... WOW! One of my favorite spots ever.I had heard the panini was great so I went in and tried the eggplant panini and it was average at best and at brunch they only serve the brunch menu so it's a limited menu during that timeYes, please!
A friend of mine was in town for a few days, and I suggested this place as a spot to meet up since it was almost exactly equidistant to the parts of Philly we'd be traveling from. It was perfect! It's so hard to find a grown-up spot in Manayunk, but this is it. The decor was understated yet very polished and beautiful, especially the lovely bar area although we spent our time in the dining room. Our server was friendly, attentive, and extremely knowledgeable about the menu. She had such a bright and sunny personality and was pleasantly fun and chatty but never hovered.
I absolutely loved my cocktails: I had the Flower Power, which I hadn't had before but combines gin, vermouth, St. Germain, and creme de violette, and a scotch-based cocktail I forget the name of. (Tip: the actual cocktail list we were shown had at least twice the cocktails that are on their online menu. It was very impressive!) I appreciated that the scotch-based drink was served with a huge whiskey ice ball. Nice touch!
We ordered a few small bites: arancini, a tasty red-wine-rubbed cheese I forget the name of, and some crostini topped with ricotta and honey. These were nice, tasty snacks to go along with our drinks, and our server had no problem with us just coming in for drinks and small bites even though this place does have a full dinner menu. (We were there around 9pm on a weekday, so weren't looking to do a full dinner.)
I would love to come back to Agiato for brunch and I know for a fact this will be one of my new go-to places in the city for a relaxed evening out with friends.Pretty good. I got the panini and it tasted fresh, especially the arugula. Only thing is they should offer a small side of salad or something since most places do.The food and drinks here are really amazing. The best Italian I've had in Manayunk. Great service also! Try the gnocchi with black truffle salsa.Do yourself a favor and get the Sottocenere formaggi and the polenta, black truffle taleggio fonduta.  So much truffle, so little time.