I was given food to which I was allergic. I had clearly explained my allergies. I walked up and asked the management about the tempura flakes in my roll, as they were not itemized in the description. She stated everyone knows that's how this spicy roll is made. It is the first time I had ever had it that way. And I had asked I without due to allergies. I had been very clear. Instead have been being polite, mistakes happen. The manager audibly sighed at me and walked away leaving my plate. The matter was not handled and no resolution was offered. I was simply dismissed. It was my fault after all. We sat for more than 15 minutes. When my boyfriend went to find our server eating dinner. I had not touched my dinner at this point. The server did not care. She did offer something else. She even stated I would be charged for the untouched sushi. My boyfriend had to state she didn't touch it. Just take off the bill. This is my first time yelping. The experience was that bad. The customer service was nonexistent. Horrible!I came here with a friend earlier. I am usually not a big fan of sushi, but tonight I had a sushi crave. I found this place on yelp, and I must agree with previous reviewers. The place was clean and the decor was pretty modern. The atmosphere was welcoming and my server was very nice and very helpful with explaining the menu. Every thing was a low price but the food was worth so much more. Every sushi we got was good! I really enjoyed the angel roll, and my friend loved her shogun role. We had 5 rolls and two were from chef's signature rolls. The rolls came out pretty quick. Our total came up to only $35!!!! That's the lowest I have ever paid for sushi. It was too good to be only $35 for 5 rolls. I recommend this place to anyone! :)Hands down my favorite sushi place. Even though it's in NE Philly, it definitely surpasses a lot of other sushi spots, even those downtown. No other sushi place can seem to get the same thin and flakey breading that they do on the Spicy Crispy Salmon Roll. I also love the Eagle Roll and Yummy Yummy Roll. Always take my family here when they're visiting and would recommend to anyone.Curious when their grand opening is over.  Only had takeout so far and has always been pretty good.I would love to give 4 Stars or even 5 but there were a few disappointments. 
1st the Good: Cute place ! They really have nice decor. Nicer than I expected for this end of strip mall location. Liked the music playing also. Tall booths so even if they're all filled, you feel like you're eating alone with only your dining companions. 
Great sushi. All very tasty & fresh. Decent size portions. Really liked their ginger dressing. 
We also had the hibachi- steak, chicken & shrimp. All very good, ate every bite. 
Now the Not-so-good:  the hibachi was tasty but served cold:(. Hibachi is usually steaming hot. I would think that maybe they had it waiting to be served for us to finish our first courses but that wasn't the case. As a matter of fact there was no real timing to our meal at all ...my rolls, which were my entree were served with the salad/ apps of the others then I was done before everyone else received their meals. Service was a little "off" in every aspect. Only really received any service if we stopped someone & asked for it. But at least they were very nice:) 
We were very disappointed with the drink selection. No unsweetened iced tea. We had no clue what to order at that point, we're not soda drinkers, & we weren't given any suggestions. Finally after looking awkwardly at each other the waitress said "sweetened tea". So we agreed to that & our kids asked for Sprite. We were surprised that all of their beverages were canned drinks, even the iced tea. Not a fan of that:(. 
If not for those few issues I would have rated higher. The food was all very good & at decent prices.I had just finished a service call across the street from this place. The 50% off sushi banner intrigued me so I stopped in.  The interior was clean and well decorated.  I was seated right as I walked in and started to peruse the menu.  They have a lot of sushi options and I picked (3) rolls.  They were average and normally I would have given this place two stars but I added one for the lower prices.  If I'm ever in the area and need a quick sushi fix I would stop by again but wouldn't come for dinner.Went here last night for dinner for the first time. It was just ok. Nothing too great. Sushi was decent but the pad Thai tasted like ketchup. Crab cake was decent, it didn't have a whole bunch of fillers. Mainly crab meat which is a plus and size was good.The past two times we've had sushi from here, it wasn't fresh. The sushi tasted way too fishy. My daughter got sick this last time.... It WILL be the last time we get sushi here. You get what you pay for!I don't mean to rain on the nearly five star parade, but my experience at this place was not at all five star worthy. 
The service was very slow and poorly managed. There were only 4 other tables occupied at the time we were there and we waited for nearly 40 minutes before the food arrived. 
The cups with green tea had lipstick on the rims. I showed that to the manager and he tried waving it off as though its no big deal. 
That was the last straw.
Food was meh.Great food and service!
Shrimp and Chicken fried rice were equally awesome. Shogun roll was really good, also had shrimp and asparagus roll (first time ever having that combo) and it was delicious. Spicy tuna and shrimp tempura were very good as well. 
Overall, great food, presentation, atmosphere and service. My new go-to sushi restaurant in the northeast.Nothing to fancy here but it's good sushi. I never ate in but the take out service has always been prompt and the food is good.Nice atmosphere and great food! Staff is very friendly and helpful. Oh, & the 50% off classic sushi is nice too!I usually get takeout, but it's so delicious, cheap, and convenient! The price is great and the sushi is great - what's not to love!! They prepare your food pretty fast, so oh don't have to wait too long if you're super hungry. I've been in the restaurant a few times too, and the seating area is pretty niceThis is a delicious restaurant in an unlikely area. This food would be a lot more expensive in Center City. The service is very caring. The green tea is wonderful. I was impressed they don't use teabags. What a nice surprise. If I'm in the area again, I will return.What a tasty find! And so close to home! 
When I first started visiting Philly on the regular, I was astonished how awful the sushi restaurants were (are). I figured, hey, I'm from LA where the sushi is awesome, of course everything elsewhere would be disappointing. And every sushi place I went to was terrible. Usually in terms of food quality, but some were terrible in other regards, such as service.  
Ahi Sushi makes me feel like I'm back on Ventura Blvd. Lots of excellent sushi and rolls, with most being 50% off. And the rolls are a good size too. What's not to like? I remember when I was younger, decent sushi was expensive and reserved for special occasions. It's not like that here.
I don't understand Philly's fascination with Old Bay Seasoning. It's really not for me. There's the Double Crab roll and it has sprinkled Old Bay Seasoning on it. So if you're into that, enjoy. If not, well, now you know. I especially liked the tuna sushi and yellowtail sushi. The under control roll was particularly good and the sakura roll.
I've already been back since trying it last week. The fish is fresh and delicious. The service is very good. What's not to like? Well not much that I've found. I'm very happy so far.My boyfriend and I decided to go here because we heard of the 50% off sushi. It was also my friend's birthday and we decided to surprise her by going here and it was the best decision ever! My boyfriend and I got there first and we were greeted nicely by the waitress in the front. She say us down and I asked the waitress if she had any wine glasses since we brought wine (place is BYOB) and she came back with wine glasses already chilled (nice touch) but they weren't cold enough so we asked for ice on the side. Before my friends arrived, I had asked the waitress ahead of time if she could bring out a green tea fried ice cream for my friend after dinner and she remembered !! Didn't have to ask her twice. Sushi was pretty good for the price they offered. Ambiance was very nice. It's dark but also a little lit from the dim colored lights. Great service and sushi. Would definitely come back again!I really enjoyed this place. I went here for lunch on a Saturday with my husband. They have a half price menu which I am normally very hesitant about. Not sure what quality I'm getting for that half price, but surprisingly everything was very good. I also found out they deliver which is awesome. I'll definitely be ordering from here again.I came here 2 days ago for the first time because they had 50% off sushi and I didn't want to drive to shogun (in Bensalem). I must say, I'm a happy customer and Im planning to come back. The service was pleasant, sushi was as good as shogun and it's 15 min away from my house! Its already set and stone that this place is my regular spot now :) Oh yeah, Did I mention they had lunch specials as well? ;) I recommend that you should give this place a try!I have never really liked sushi before. But when i was on break my partner talked me into trying this place. I had the Yummy Yummy roll and omg!! I loved it. What a fantastic combination of ingredients. I have even ventured out to try the "real" sushi.  We never have time to sit, but it does look nice inside and hostess always friendly. Please go and definitely try the Yummy Yummy roll.Amazing experience. I have to admit I'm not all that into sushi but my friend was. I was NOT disappointed! He ate salmon sashimi and I had Eel and avocado! Also shrimp tempura roll. Everything was delicious and very easy on the eyes! Presentation was delightful. Friendly staff. Average prices. YUM!Very relaxing. Happy , prompt service. Me and my dinner mate ordered 10 different rolls.... DELICIOUS !!!!! ABSOLUTELY delicious ! One of the chefs recognized us from a previous sushi bar he worked at and gave us a delightful fried fish appetizer that he remembers we would order! That was just great. Wonderful experience and really , really enjoyed being there.If there was a way to give no stars, I would.  Customer service...those words should evoke positive thoughts, but after leaving Ahi tonight I'm filled with shock and am appalled at the way the manager (wearing a blue shirt) handled herself.  Her responses to a simple question were rude, and uncalled for.  Owning a business should be a wonderful experience for both the owners/staff as well as the patrons who frequent the business.  Ahi sushi definitely does not understand this concept!  In an area where there are so many 50% off sushi restaurants, customer service should be a priority.  If you are going to spend your money somewhere, you should enjoy the entire experience, and ours was completely ruined due to the managers attitude and lack of concern for her customers.  Please think twice before spending your hard earned money here, especially since there are so many sushi restaurants in this area!!  There are too many places to choose from for this place to be so rude and not have customer service as a top priority to keep up with all the competition.This place has excellent food and it's affordable. I don't remember the names of all the rolls we got, but we couldn't complain about any of them.
The only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is the service. SO SLOW! We went on a weekday evening and were one of the only groups there (and we were only a group of 3 adults and two small children). It wasn't just that the food took a long time, everything took a long time. At the end of the night we just wanted to leave and had been there for a couple hours! I would think the staff would want to get the "f" out of there at night, but they were just keeping us there! They never cleared our plates, either. Our son was being crazy, and I just kept thinking, "why don't they want us to leave"? 
Hopefully that was just their week-night "B-Team" mistake. We'll be back, I'm sure.Very good fast food restaurant. I like their sushi and seafood soup . They also deliver . Overall 4 stars .Absolutely my favorite sushi place. The prices are good as well as the food. Highly recommend, My favorite roll would be the dragon roll and aside from that the fried rice is to die for.Best sushi since moving to PA from NYC! 
We were so hestitant to try sushi when we moved here.  Afraid to be disappointed. However Ahi sushi has definitely satisfied our sushi cravings. Amazing food. From seafood to hibachi.
Wonderful staff. Fast delivery. Always fresh fish. Superb prices.Great service, great presentation, great taste! I ordered 10 orders of salmon sashimi and two spicy salmon rolls all of which were amazing, but what trumped  everything was the presentation of it! I could tell that the salmon was good quality, and very absorbent of soy sauce which I like!I love the interior of this place. Very chic and simple. The staff is very nice. The sushi is mediocre, others offer better taste and quality.  However what brings me back here everytime is their Blue Sea Salad. The salad has such a refreshig taste. A bed of thinly cut lettuce, cherry tomatoes topped with lobster meat, shrimp, scallops and crabmeat. It is the most expensive salad on their menu and enough for two people. Def. check it out.My party of two stopped here last weekend for a quick lunch at 1ish on Sunday.  The restaurant was completely empty aside from us.  We were seated immediately of course.  The server gave us menus and took our drink order very quickly as well.  They don't have any lunch specials on the weekend so I ordered an app and sushi off of the regular menu. We ordered the tempura app which came with to shrimp and a few veggies.  I also ordered the fried spicy salmon roll, shrimp tempura roll and California roll.  The app and sushi was very good and tasted fresh.
I definitely would visit again and recommend this place.We got takeout from Ahi for the first time recently. I ordered a bunch of different half-price sushis and a raw tuna-avocado salad. First of all, when the delivery man arrived at my door, he was holding two beautifully-arranged catering-style platters of colorful food. I was so impressed by the display. The sushi ended up being very good and so worth 3-5 bucks for each 8-piece sushi. Unfortunately, the salad, which was much more expensive, wasn't as good as it looked. The greens were all arugula which I find very bitter, and the fish tasted bitter too. I didn't like it. But I would order sushi from Ahi again!Having lived in California I'm always on the hunt for inexpensive, yummy sushi to feed my habit.  I went to Ahi for the first time yesterday for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the sushi.  I'm guessing that they have started to work out the  kinks because the quality surpassed what I would have expected of a sushi restaurant in a strip mall.  The price is reasonable the quality is great for the price and I would also highly recommend their American Dream roll as well as their shrimp fried rice.  Definitely a place that I would go back to, I also like that it is a BYOB.I've been to this place three times now. Every time we leave, we are satisfied. Prices are fair, portion sizes are wonderful, food is delicious, and the employees are friendly. 
I highly recommend this place to anyone, it is by far my favorite Japanese restaurant in Northeast Philadelphia.This is my favorite sushi place ever, the prices are amazing everything is 50% off and it has been for years. They accommodate amazingly to customers, the food comes out so quickly while the quality is still amazing and the food tastes great. The atmosphere is very peaceful and beautiful and it a great place to bring your family, friends or to go on a date. Highly recommend this place!!Good food. Currently they have the 50% off for Sushi and Sashimi rolls so make use of that. Decent customer service. Really closeby. If you are looking for a decent sushi place this is it!Was here last night with a friend. It was wonderful. The service, the presentation,  the whole experience. 
Nice decor. The lighting, delicious and generous (on the fish portions), the helpful waitresses.  I just wished we we would have brought a bottle of sake with us.   
I'm from Los Angeles and after over a year here in the Philly area, still not used to BYOB restaurants, and I always forget it. 
 We had a great time and ate a lot. Spent $42 including a generous tip. For two people.  My friend had only eaten sushi one time before. He found it delicious and I think he's now as hooked to it as I am. 
 I wholeheartedly recommend this restaurant!Sushi from Ahi is always fresh. This establishment is always clean and I love their menu variety. They have effortless online ordering and they do deliver. Service is always good and take-out is always correct/consistent as well! Never had an issue.Great food and service!
Shrimp and Chicken fried rice were equally awesome. Shogun roll was really good, also had shrimp and asparagus roll (first time ever having that combo) and it was delicious. Spicy tuna and shrimp tempura were very good as well. 
Overall, great food, presentation, atmosphere and service. My new go-to sushi restaurant in the northeast.The food is great, the staff are great, and the owner is great. Very much worth it for both sushi and entries.
I've been here a couple of times so they recognise us by now. Service is great and prompt. I'm not much of a sushi person but theirs I can tolerate the most. Usually I can only eat about 3 pieces, but here, I can eat up to 10 which is amazing for me.
Their udon noodles are delicious, as are their teriyaki and pad thai. 
Very good Japanese food given the area.Initially got attracted to the 50% sushi sign. 
Walked in and the place was relatively empty. The service was good and the sushi was exactly what you paid for. It wasn't the best, but it wasn't the worst; it was average. 
Would I come back? Maybe if I was really craving sushi without breaking the bank.I came here for lunch with a friend. I would say I had better sushi but we decided to come because of the 50% off. When we went in there nobody was at the front to start us so we thought it was closed. But they finally came and seated us. The interior of the restaurant is pretty decent, they done a good job with it and keeping the place clean. The menu has a big selection of different types like specialty or 'hot' sushi. I kept in simple by ordering the shrimp tempura, tuna, salmon and shrimp dragon roll. My friend had the double crab, crab and Angel roll. The portion size is pretty small but the place is cheaper than other sushi place I've been to. Overall been a good experience. Customer service was good after they finally seated us and saw customers.This is the only local place I can get sashimi rolls. THANK YOU! I'm a weight loss surgery patient so I can't eat that much rice. Love the New York sashimi roll!Visited this restaurant the other day because I was craving sushi and saw a giant 50% off sign plastered to the side of the wall. 
Checked the reviews on yelp and saw that it was a solid 4 stars, so decided to partake. The food itself was average and nothing spectacular. 
The service was also as expected and nothing out of the ordinary though I did appreciate the non-aggressive wait staff that was around when I needed it instead of popping up when I have a mouth full of food asking me if I need anything. 
Average restaurant with solid service but the price is cheap so four stars. 
Merry XmasSushi was very delicious! Price is so reasonable and the staff was so nice. Defiantly recommend this place and I'll defiantly be coming here again.First time there although the place is close to my house. The place has a nice ambiance inside and a courteous staff. The rolls were ok, nothing amazing. The miso soup tasted a bit like water with powder inside. Had much better. All in all an ok experience.First time eating in this restaurant. Ordered a couple bento boxes, big and deliciousfried green tea ice creamGood sushi at a reasonable cost. I ordered take out! I wouldn't be able to critique much on the establishment except It looked clean when I went to pick up my order and the sushi was well prepared and presented. I'd definitely recommend it! I would like to come back and sit down for the dinning experience. I ordered special combination sushi and it tasted delicious. Not California Sushi fusion or actual bistro level, but for the area and the cost the quality was definitely there.My Aunt recommended to try this place. We ordered a whole variety of sushi I never tried. Very nice place, the ladies are nice. The tempura chicken,snow crab, California roll and spicy tuna were tasty. Prices were nice, all sushi were 50% off.Sushi was great! Came here on a Sunday with my family and they did not disappoint. The prices are reasonable 50% off sushi. The raw salmon was fresh and didn't smell fishy at all. Would definitely come back to this place.This is my go to sushi place in northeast philadelphia. They always are consistent with their food and the prices are amazing. I've never been disappointed by the quality or taste. The inside is also really beautiful, so it's a hot spot to take people on dates.I must say this is one of the most delicious Sushi Restaurants I've ever been to. The Sushi is so fresh and the staff is very friendly. The wife and I love this place and would recommend it to all. You guys have to try the Smoked Tuna Sashimi. Most delicious piece of Sashimi I've ever tasted! If you've got the Sushi itch, this is the place to get that scratched!!!!!This place has excellent sushi. Everything is fresh and delicious. Udon noodles are amazing, if you are not counting carbs! Kani salad, and caviar tar tar is beautiful as it is flavorful. Black Angel roll is one of my favorites. The deserts are excellent, mochi balls and fried ice cream.Sushi here hasn't been a let down yet.. pricing makes it even better!! My go to sushi place in NE Philly!!StoPped here after a show because of the yelp rating. Glad we did. 
Half outside sushi which was excellent. Pad Thai was yummy too. 
Fast and efficient service too. Highly recommended.I live a few blocks away, and was bored on New Years Day, so my boyfriend and myself went for lunch. I ordered the Tempura Udon Soup and was blown away by the quality, freshness and quantity of this dish. A great big bowl with fragrant and tasty broth, luscious fresh noodles, lemongrass, bean sprouts, carrots, a dish of tempura shrimp and vegetables came on the side. This was a delicious soup. My boyfriend has sort of a short rib stir fry and he loved it as well. Decor is nice, place is immaculate. I hope they do good business and survive, as there are many sushi places in this area. Recommend.This sushi spot is the closest one to me so I always make a stop about once a month. When I dine in, the waitress is always friendly and attentive and it has a nice ambience. The prices are extremely cheap because they seem to always be 50% off for rolls which makes this place even more enticing. Overall pretty good!
Tip: my favorite sushi to order is the Philadelphia roll, Spicy Kani roll, Snow Crab Roll and Mexican roll-- it never disappoints!Meh,  nothing special.  Restaurant smelled funny. Ok quality sushi.  Not a good place to bring a date.Pretty damn good. Not crazy about the place and the servers so we usually do take out. It hits the spot, meets expectations, but it's certainly not amazing. I like the roll with eggplant best.I love the sushi here. Their delivery is fast and delicious. They are clean the price is reasonable and the fish is fresh. I absolutely love the seeds they put on the outside of the sushi rolls. Try them...I used to go to AHI often however everytime I did go the service was extremely rude. Last friday was by far the worst experience I have had at any sushi place. I am vegetarian therefore I usually just get rice, vegetables and I have spicy mayo and soy sauce on the side. I am specific with my order. My friend got tuna however the waitress put our rolls on the same plate which pissed me off. The waitress said she ran out of plates. I wake up the next day my entire body has hives everywhere it took two days to settle down. It is obvious that the day they were busy and did not properly clean their food. Cheap food never wins.Manager was very rude. Her response was if you don't like her mannerism then go somewhere else.  The whole discussion started with WiFi connection while dining with a party of 12. Her response was she won't give it unless it's a large party group. When I asked who the owner is so I can discuss my concern, her response was I AM NOT GOING TO TELL YOU.  We left very unhappy and will not come back again!Sushi is good. The staff isn't. They basically push you out the door. If they don't like the tip they WILL LET YOU KNOW!Wow I must say this place is rude, the waitress named Amy(small young asian chick) she got a nasty attitude. Me and my girlfriend asked her if the hot tea was free she said yes, so the meal went on and when we got our food she never bother came to ask if we needed anything. She's on her phone busy texting and watching some videos. After we got the bill our hot tea was charged, we then asked the same waitress, isnt our hot tea free and then she said she don't remember us asking, (literally me and my gf asked her). I signed the check and paid 2 dollar in tips. She came back with the check and demand us to pay 15% tip. I told her the service wasn't good and she told us to order take out next time. I'm like wtf... if you do your job right I would be gladly to tip you. Its common sense and this place dont seems to get it. And we always go here for sushi, now I'm never coming back here period.The beet salad with arugula, goat cheese and slivers of sashimi decorating the edges was a deal maker at this new spot at Red Lion and Bustleton in NE Philly. Nice attention to detail, fresh and well prepared sushi, a nice surprise along a fast food road. Hibachi steak for mom was not memorable but the custom rolls were fantastic. And that salad......Place is very nice I will give them that! The sushi is cheap and the way its presented and the taste of it follows! It also took 25 mins for 4 rolls????? If the place is packed sure, but not at 2pm and no one is there. Sorry.Very clean and quiet place. Decor is nice. Prices are fair. They do have 50% off sushi.  Food is very good and their display for sushi  is awesome! Very friendly employees!Kate M. below said "I don't want to rain on this nearly 5 star parade but..." - I wholeheartedly agree. 
Fearing sounding like a sushi snob (spoiler alert: I am) I have had 5 star sushi and this NE Philly establishment in a strip mall is not it. Maybe other reviewers are just really jazzed about the hibachi they had? Either way almost 5 stars for this place? No. The sushi here was mediocre at best. 
I was going to give this place three stars because the service was fast and friendly, & the place was clean. However, the rolls I ordered from the specialty menu were small. The menu states the specialty rolls are 20% off, which is cool (always like a good discount) but I can tell they cut corners in preparation as well. 
On a positive note, kudos to this place for a legitimate 50% off sushi menu! (Yes there is a tacky sign that says 50% off sushi) Normally- places advertise a California roll for $12.00, cross it out, and magically its 50% off (and now market price) on the menu and available for $6.00!! Lucky you. At Ahi- you can get a California roll for $2.25, spicy tuna- $3.50, etc. 
Also to my surprise, the menu (not prices) was nearly identical to a nearby sushi restaurant (To-Kai) on Grant Ave. When I say identical, I mean the sashimi menu from the other restaurant was photocopied. True story. 
I had two rolls and was still hungry. So I also got the kani salad. It was okay. 
I hate giving so-so/or "I've had better" reviews. I feel like this place IS okay and good for satisfying a sushi craving on the cheap- but not almost 5 star worthy. 
BYOB is a plus.Great place! I been visited this place many times!
Awesome service, good price and delicious sushi!Sushi is delicious here and really good priced. They also make the sushi really quickly so your wait won't be long. Sushi is priced from 20-50 percent off even the "special" rolls are pretty cheap. Solid sushi spot in the northeast.I've been here since day one and they have never disappointed me. Love this place and I try to go at least one a week. The staff is friendly and the sushi is great!This is my favorite place for sushi. The service is really good and the sushi is  pretty tasty. The whole restaurant is very quiet and peaceful. The staff is very nice and even memorized my order! The only thing I have to complain about is when you order take out you have to buy a minimum of $10 so if you're by yourself you have to over order rolls of sushi to make sure you get the minimum credit card balance.Sushi is definitely a big thing today, and I think Ahi does a nice job of presenting it to the consumer. This place just opened up not to long ago and i think that they are very good, I don't understand why anyone would think otherwise. Always greeted by a friendly staff, the sushi is always very tasty and different from a lot of other places that i have been. I know since they opened they offer a 50% menu on sushi and special rolls. Recommend this place to anyone to check out. The only down side i had with the place was that i noticed the menu was taken from another sushi place that I go to a lot and I feel like there trying to take some of their business which made me somewhat upset. Other then that I would give them a go.I went to Ahi for the first time with my mom and sister last year. The staff was nice and when we got our sizable plate of rolls, the food preparers had arranged the rolls in the shape of a heart. So cute!!
Since then, I've been there two more times (never disappointed) and can't wait to go back again. 
Tasty food, clean space, and nice staff. I highly recommend.5 stars for the Tom Yum soup.  I have had soup other places where there will be maybe one shrimp in the broth. Not here.  For the same price as most places the bowl is filled with tasty scallops and shrimp in the spicey broth.Let me first express my genuine surprise at the lack of great sushi offerings in this part of the city. Alas, when the craving for a salmon roll hits, it hits hard, and I found myself asking Siri for a recommendation a couple days ago on my way back from work. I ordered a tuna and a salmon roll and was not expecting anything special due to the low price scale, but of course I was extremely happy to be proven wrong! I will go as far as to say that this is the best sushi for the highest value I have found since I moved here last year, and will certainly be my new after-work spot!Great selection of sushi and sashimi rolls.  Friendly service and comfortable atmosphere.  Priced perfectly!.  Bathrooms are clean and well maintained.This is my go-to sushi spot and it never disappoints. The sushi is very fresh and you can't beat the price! The ladies here are very friendly too!Pretty decent sushi joint. Always 50% off it seems too.
We were seated right away and our waitress was pretty on the ball. We were in and out and that was exactly what we wanted. I ordered three rolls: cucumber roll, shrimp / avocado roll, and chicken tempura roll. Nothing out of this world, but not bad. 
I also had the miso soup to start and it was very good! Would I make this my go-to sushi place? No. However, I know I eventually will be back.I loved my sushi, I ordered the crispy spicy salmon roll. It was good. I also order Steak and Shrimp from the hibachi  menu for my friend. I didnt care too much for it. Everything  was overcooked. The veggies was soggy and the steak was tough. She was pretty upset and i definitely  felt her pain. However the place was clean and the staff was polite, we ordered to go. Why they only received  3 stars because it was maybe two parties dining in. The food took forever. We basically wasted our whole lunch. I will give them another try for the sushi. BUT  I will stand clear of the hibachi. BTW the sushi is 50% off.. Dont know how long that will last.This place is awesome. The sushi is so fresh and so tasty. All sushi roles are 50% off and special roles are 20% off. The deserts are unbelievable too. I highly recommend this place :)Come for the deals. Stay for the sushi. This place has the best deals so far in philly for some decent sushi.