I ate here with my dad and a friend before seeing Will Hoge in June 2006 at World Cafe Live.  From what I can remember, I just ordered the basic salmon and tuna rolls, but the fish was fresh and the sushi was decent.  Seeing that it was a Wednesday night that we were there, it was not crowded at all, but since it is located very close to World Cafe Live, I'm sure it gets a lot of traffic from concert-goers before and after shows.  In addition to the a-la-carte sushi, they also offer an all-you-can-eat sushi option as well as other traditional Japanese dishes.I've been to Aija kind of a lot, considering it's so close to Drexel's campus. I like their sushi very much, and the sushi chef is really nice. 
My only gripe is the waitress. She is not nice at all. I understand it's hard waiting on an entire dining room by yourself, but no need for the attitude, especially in a tip-driven industry. She has the same attitude no matter how many people are in the restaurant. She also tacks on 15% gratuity no matter how large or small the party is. Does anyone know if you HAVE to pay this? It just makes me want to tip her less. 
My friend did an experiment once, trying to become friendly with her while we were all out to dinner one night. He would try and make small talk and compliment her whenever she came over to the table. We saw her smile. Whoa.
Also, they need to change that music. Another friend figured out what boy band it is, but I forget. I can get back to you on that one.
Perhaps if I give them a mix cd of new stuff to play, she'll be nicer?The sushi here is fresh and larger than what's served in other Philly restaurants, however service staff isn't always helpful. The chicken katsu needs to be served with traditional katsu sauce.I generally prefer Pod for sushi in U City (duh), but should I find myself near the Left Bank, I will stop into Ajia for lunch. They have a reasonably priced lunch option - I think it's like 3 maki rolls and a soup or salad for $8 or some such. The roll selection is OK and quality is fine, especially for the price.
The staff isn't effusively friendly (understatement), but they get the job done. All of my orders have been completed promptly and correctly.
I haven't had dinner at Ajia, but I know they have an all-you-can-eat sushi option for like $22. I'm not sure exactly how much sushi one can eat, but it would seem not that much - given the amount of rice. Who knows? Maybe it's worth it.
Anyway, if you find yourself in this area, Ajia is a decent pick for lunch.Tucked away into a far corner of the UC district in Philadelphia, Ajia definitely delivers some great food, although the experience is tempered by the disappointing service, as remarked by other Yelpers.
Showed up on a Saturday evening, and it was about three quarters full, with a decent atmosphere around the place.  The infamous grumpy waitress was our server, although I have to say that I genuinely did try to give her a chance before coming to my conclusion.
Either way, ignoring the service, the food was great and the prices were really good for the quality.  A nice (ethnic) joint in Philly that serves good, authentic food.I've eaten here too many times, and i never liked it, except for once when they pulled out that gigantic boat when my friends and I went for all you can eat sushi. The trick is though, you have to finish every single bit of rice on your dish or else you will have to pay a penalty for not finishing your food. (Quite ridiculous, considering they put too much rice in the sushi as it is)
The only other reason why i came here is because my boyfriend used to live in the Left Bank, and when we craved Japanese food and did not want to wait for more then 15 minutes, this was the place to get it. Despite the rude service and less than mediocre Japanese food.I'm done with this place. They are the rudest people I've ever met, the fact that they are allowed to run a food establishment is more than criminal. And what the f**k is with the sushi chef who watches YouTube videos on his laptop at the same table, every day? He must be bored. Maybe he's bored because service is slow. Maybe service is slow BECAUSE YOU'RE A BUNCH OF F***ING A**HOLES!!
You reap what you sow.
And how people still manage to give this place more than 1 star is BEYOND ME.I recently ate at Ajia before a concert I attended at World Cafe Live, and my experience there was much better than it was the first time I had eaten there 3 years ago.  The sushi was yummy and the place wasn't crowded either so I was in and out of there in about a half an hour (or less!).  Good service too :)The service isn't the best ... But I like the sushi...I'm a vegetarian so I judge sushi based on quality of rice n freshness of their avocados....A friend of mines got the tofu steak for lunch....I have to say it looked quite tasty...will defiantly have to try it out next time...great place to grab lunch ...the only thing is service is a lil slow...I agree with Ben K's review for the most part. The service is indeed very slow, and they barely speak English. Fish was fine when I went, but true it was not fresh. And, the gyoza was prepackaged, as is in most restaurants unfortunately. To me, it's just another bargain sushi joint.Ajia, located on the west side of the Schuylkill in the Left Bank apartment building and by the Penn Ice Rink, is an all-you-can eat sushi restaurant combined with a BYOB policy. This concept always sounds like a good idea--eat a boatload of sushi, literally, and drink your ass off, unfortunately, only figuratively--but it always remains a tough play to call up because of the multiple possibilities.
Perhaps a bit of simple game theory, the prisoner's dilemma, can help clarify the conundrum that one should face with one's judgment, a worthy opponent, before coming here. The options are all you can eat (AYCE) and all you can drink (AYCD, BYOB style). Yes, in order for this to work, you must be slightly irresponsible and interpret BYOB as a drink all you can bring. So the 4 potential scenarios are:
1) no AYCE, no AYCD
2) no AYCE, AYCD
3) AYCE, no AYCD
4) AYCE, AYCD
Analysis:
Scenario 1: no AYCE, no AYCD
I'm not sure if their sushi quality / decor / service justifies their non AYCE prices. If they're assuming that most restaurant goers will get the AYCE is there a premium built into the food prices for the lack of margin to be made in alcohol? Plus, I probably wouldn't be able to stand the sight of others ordering huge yachts full of sushi and drinking copious amounts of alcohol. This is a lose-lose scenario based on prices and fun. Why not just go elsewhere to placate my sushi and dinner drink cravings?
Scenario 2: no AYCE, AYCD
Again issues remain with price justification for the food, but at the same time, I may not be able to remember how much I paid, how the food tasted, or how I got home. I have cheated judgment and hopefully, my wallet and credit card statements will prove that I came out ahead in the end. win-lose.
Scenario 3: AYCE, no AYCD
Deciding to not overdo it on the alcohol, I choose to gorge on a huge amount of sushi and imbibe a bit. Now I just feel very full, but as I exit the restaurant, my better judgment has beaten my conscience. I can't believe I have eaten such a ridiculous amount of food and probably have to loosen the belt two notches and undo the top button of my jeans. The next week at the gym will be rough. lose-win.
Scenario 4: AYCE, AYCD
Going all out on both the eating and drinking fronts. Now I know that my max damage should be capped at the AYCE price of $25 (?) plus tax and tip. I'm getting top value at the restaurant on food, settling any price-quality objections my conscience may have had. Additionally, the AYCD should take care of any judgment issues. I'm extremely full, happy, and may not remember the last quarter of the meal. True, there may be a bit of guilt afterwards, but because you can't exactly recall all that you ate...it's a win-win!
AYCE and AYCD at Ajia is a lot of fun especially with a good group of friends because you can take up a whole booth sitting about 6 people and add more tables to accommodate larger groups, although the table may get quite long. The sushi is good enough for AYCE and they have a good offering of rolls on their menu. For AYCE, you mark the number of items that you want next to the item on their AYCE menu and wait for the massive boat to arrive loaded with treasure.
The lunch special is also pretty good value if you're in the area.
Good luck navigating your conscience, judgment, and stomach, if you go for the AYCE and BYOB (AYCD).the rolls are decent, the nigiri is not. i judge a sushi restaurant based on the quality and freshness of their raw fish, so i won't be coming back here again. everything about my experience here was completely forgettable. the place is small, so if you don't pay attention, you might end up passing it and walking over the bridge. but that might be to your advantage if you stumble across a better sushi restaurant on the other side of the schuylkill.I went there today for lunch and the waitress was so rude.  Soup or salad is supposed to be included with the lunch special, so when I asked her about it she gave me this attitude.  Then was sloppy pouring the water that it got all over the floor and didn't bother to clean it up, and she took forever bringing the water in the first place.  I never see people there, and I think I know why.  The food is good, but I won't ever give my business to them again.So the main complaint about this place is the lone, surly waitress. She is definitely not the most pleasant of people, but being the only server in a restaurant can't be easy. 
The food here is not anything spectacular, but it's not like it's disgusting either. The $9 lunch deals from 11-3 can't be beat - good-sized food portions, fairly tasty. The key is to come a little later, maybe between 1:30 and 3PM, when it slows down a little, so Ms. Crankypants is a little less cranky.
15% gratuity is included on all checks, regardless of the size of your party. A little whack.
If you're jonesing for Japanese food in Univ. City and you're on a budget, you can give this place a try.I stopped by here a week or two ago, and it looks completely shut down. A note on the window from the landlord said something about the lease being broken. Too bad, this was my favorite spot for sushi. I hope some new sushi joint takes its place.Came here for the AYCE sushi, which was just mediocre. However, I was VERY unhappy with the service and hence gave a less than usual tip. A week later, I saw that on my credit card statement the charge amount was wrong. Turns out that the server fraudulently increased the tip amount without my authorization!!! I called them up and they admitted to changing it, and on top of that, screamed at me over the phone for giving too low a tip!! This is plain criminal. Never again.This place is like Mizu and Vic but I have to give it a low rating because it's in a bad location and they don't deliver.  The sushi really isn't all that great but it will do if you've got the craving for sushi.  I would never get sashimi at a place like this, usually just rolls are what I'll order.  The soft shell crab was ok, the spicy tuna ok...you see the pattern here.  They give you a side salad and it's mostly just iceberg lettuce--the salad dressing is yummy (it's the usual tangy Japanese salad dressing).  University City doesn't have as many options as Center City so I'm guessing that's why this place stays in business.Let's be honest - there really only is one reason to dine at Ajia and it's the $8.95 lunch deal. 3 rolls of your choice plus miso soup or salad. Can't complain. Otherwise, the quality of fish is usually very inconsistent and the service is SLOW. On some days they only have one sushi chef so don't expect to get out of there in under an hour.
The regular menu is priced like any other sushi place and I'd rather enjoy a high quality meal at Raw then here for slightly more money.Seriously, the main fujian chinese waitress, who is not japanese obviously, is a totally bitch.  What's up with that attitude honey?  I was just there today for sushi lunch that costed $11 bucks including 15% tip that was added on and tax, which is cheap for sushi.  Be prepared for okay service to "I don't give a s***!" service.  All-You-Can-Eat at Ajia costs around $20 bucks which is not bad but the sushi wasn't fresh at all the last time I attended.  I only went there because it is the only closest sushi restaurant near Drexel University.  I do not recommend it here, but if you can handle beyond crappy service and willing to eat medicore, cheap sushi then by all means do it.  BYOB.Went there twice and hated it twice. 
The first time I went there was with my gf and they would give us sushi that we did not order and wanted us to finish it or else they would charge us for un-eatened sushi...WTH! The second time I went there was with a bunch of friends for his bday. Same thing happened, but this time after every1 else left to go to a club, 3 friends including myself stayed back to eat some more. The waitress didn't seem to happy and wanted us out of the restaurant.My last experience at Ajia caused me to downgrade them by a star. As previously noted, this isn't the place you go for a loquacious, friendly waitress--you come here for cheap-yet-palatable sushi for lunch. Their lunch offering continues to be a soup or salad with 3 maki rolls for $9--pretty good. But herein lies the problem. I understand that inflation kicks in and sometimes you need to charge higher prices or cut back on what's included to maintain a profit margin, but I would highly prefer that they add a dollar or so to the price of the meal than to skimp on the quality of the food as they did the last time I was here. The salmon in my Philadelphia roll literally was cut into a julienne. It was juxtaposed with a mini boulder of cream cheese that made me feel like I had purchased the salmon-flavored cream cheese they sell at the store (not that I would ever do that).
My friend ordered the nigiri special, which looked way better than my maki. So perhaps that's the way to go. 
Anyway, I'll consider myself lucky that I can opt to walk over to Mizu on 40th instead when I want reasonably priced sushi.Ah, 'twas but a year ago that Ajia ruined my life. Enough time has passed that writing about it doesn't inspire thoughts of arson. I knew from Yelp itselfthat Ajia was famous for okay sushi and an infamously bitch waitress. she was out in full force last Labor Day. After a fire alarm went off during lunch and wailed on for a good twenty minutes, two women decided that they weren't interested in waiting for their mediocre sushi and tried to leave. I guess one of them wasn't interested in Paying for her opened but undrunk Diet Coke. The bitch waitress understandably objected. What was less understandable was her decision to scream at the top of her lungs for five straight minutes. We weren't the subject of her ire, however, so we just chuckled and continued on with our crappy food. I was less amused, however, to discover months later that Ajia had run my credit card twice to charge me sixty bucks for a thirty dollar lunch. Terrific. And it was too late to contact my bank. In sum: mediocre food, jerk staff, and absolutely untrustworthy with money. Don't do it!Despite the couple fruit flies that joined us for dinner, the ambiance was pleasant (if not a bit quiet). The veggie sushi options were many-fold (though if you are vegan like me, don't go for the creamy asparagus, avocado or cucumber roll because they really do mean creamy as in cream. As in cows. I asked). I enjoyed the sweet potato tempura roll and some other veggie ones too. I would go back, and I hear that they have a cool all-you-can-eat deal as well. :)I can put it simply: Great sushi, terrible service. They have some great rolls and dinners, but be prepared to be ignored for a lot of the time. I don't mind coming back because it is BYO and the food is delicious, I just always know they won't take care of me well. If you don't mind some bad service, the prices are worth it, especially the $22 all you can eat dinner (if you can eat all of that, of course).i dont know why people  are hating on the service....but it wasn't bad when i went. the sushi was awesomeI should have expected to be disappointed because I looked this place up on yelp before going, but stupidly decided to go anyway.  Since the food is usually the most important thing, I will start with that.  The actual food was fine.  Everything else, though, sucked.  The music was awful and too loud to ignore, the prices could be cheaper, and the waitress did not exude friendly vibes.  No paper towels in the restroom, no straws with drinks.  You can really tell when places start cutting corners.  It was sad in there.Seriously good sushi at a seriously good price. I'd give it 3 1/2 stars really.
I mostly get the lunch special, which beats almost any other sushi place in the city. However, as has been said here already: the service is pretty dismal. 
Basically, it comes down to this: if you are someone who doesn't care about service, this is a five-star spot. Almost anyone would give it 5-stars for takeout, I believe. If you are someone who *only* cares about service, and is not interested in food, it is a one-star place. For everyone else, it falls somewhere in between.I love this place as much as I hate it.
Food is mediocre at best. Service is worse. It's the same waitress every day, and she always looks so pissed off. 
The only reason I keep going here is because it's the closest sushi bar for us here at Drexel. So it's the only choice we have. 
This place is like a bad habit. It's a good idea at first, but in the end, I always ask myself why I went. But I'll probably be back. And then regret it again. It's a vicious cycle.I think this place is an-Ok. I takes a while before the waiter come out and find us hanging around the lobby.
Since it is also just the opening time, I am not sure to judge the service. But I do notice the sushi man did his own thing and not even informing someone that there are customer. The music surprisingly nice when I go there. The food served in an average timely manner, since there were no one but me and my sister, I should expect a faster serving time. But it does not matter much.
Now for the food. It is too salty for my taste. I only managed to eat a quarter of it. The california roll served was so small. And hot mayo cost $2. If they serve a small bowl for $2 I can understand, but it was served with a normal soy sauce bowl. Just unbelievable. I might even think that the hot mayo are meant for the first class guests.
The Katsudon definitely small for about $8. I think I can find better place for tastier and same cost. The meat not springy and am totally regret ordering it. The sushi was an-OK too. Just too small to even taste anything. Perhaps children might like the small sushi roll. Not the best miso soup, but considering the Katsudon, it was ok.I used to come into Ajia regularly four or five years ago, and at that time it would have gotten at least three stars.  The all you can eat sushi special being my soft spot.  But my recent Tuesday night meal had suggested otherwise.  Ajia exhibits signs of a dying restaurant and here are my reasons why:
1.  We brought a bottle of Riesling to be enjoyed with our food..  A corkscrew was slammed on the table for us.  Seriously?  I've never ever been to a BYO where I have to cork my own wine.
2.  The wine glasses were VISIBLY dirty, gross.
3.  The prices have gone up a lot in recent years.  I understand what inflation is, but the fact is you're paying more money for less food.  Rolls used to be larger and not so hurriedly constructed.  And the pork katsudon bowl was very small for $10.  You get almost 25% more at Yakitori Boys--same price, and a lot tastier.
4.  Everyone complains about the service of the one waitress.  I think she is the owner or part owner.  In addition to the wine corking incident, we also weren't asked if we wanted soup or salad with our food.  We were just given soup as a default I guess?
All in all this place has an atmosphere like it just doesn't care anymore.  The all you can eat special isn't even advertised on the menu anymore, but from what I hear, it's now $24.  If you're really in the mood for sushi or Japanese food, I would advise you to broaden your search radius outside of University City.  Definitely think twice about coming here for dinner though.
P.S. - the music playlist here is archaic.  I don't think I've heard an Evanescence song since high school.This place is OK. The prices are pretty cheap.. 8.99/3 rolls for lunch + salad and 9.99/3 rolls for dinner. Not too bad. However, my spicy tuna roll was rancid. I couldn't eat it. I got my order to go or else I would have sent it back. My salmon/avocado and veggie rolls were great, though. The ginger dressing on the salad isn't the normal one you get at most Japanese restaurants, but it was very good. Since my bad experiences here, I've been ordering from Machi Sushi Bar, which is much better. Do not go out of your way to eat here. I don't think I'll ever be able to order that spicy tuna roll again...I eat here, largely because it's convenient to where I live, but also because they have pretty decent sushi (when I'm setting my standards low), and well--I'm one of those people who prefers raw fish to cheesesteaks.  Nothing I'd write home about, but nothing I'd be embarrassed (or afraid) to eat--with people who don't know anything about real sushi, that is.  Normally I avoid all forms of "all you can eat" but this place has a $21.95 deal for all you can eat nigiri (by the piece) & maki (rolls).  Everything is just as you'd order it--no special mini-pieces like you get at some AYCE deals.    And you can actually get (relatively) more exotic stuff: the ika (squid), saba (mackerel), hamachi (yellowtail), ikura (salmon roe), and tamago  (egg).  No alcoholic beverages on the menu, but BYOB.  Service is s-l-o-w.  But if you arrive around 7 or so... or not on a Friday or Saturday night, then it's not too hard to get in and out in a reasonable amount of time.  It's definitely the most affordable sushi in University City (i.e., a better value than Pod), but this is not the place to go for a fancy evening out.  And yes, they have a larger menu too, with plenty of stuff you'd find at a typical American-style Japanese restaurant (teriyaki, udon, tempura, etc.).  If you're in the neighborhood & want some sushi/Japanese, then go for it.  But if you're specifically looking for a Japanese meal, I'd head to one of the other Japanese restaurants in town.Came here for all you can eat sushi, and it was worth it considering how much I ate. The sushi itself was alright though. I've had better, but what else do you really expect if you're getting all you can eat, right? It was pretty empty when I was there but it could also be because it was still early for dinner time.you come here for the cheap sushi rolls combo for lunch, you get 18 pieces of sushi roll for 9 dollars. it's no where near top quality, but its worth the money for the amount they give you. I also come here because i live right next to this restaurant at left bank, so when im lazy to walk too far for meals I come here. these are the 2 positives for me.
the negative: 1. waitress is the worst you will see in philly, maybe top 10 worst in the U.S., extremely bad attitude, I dont get how you can be in that bad of a mood everyday. how can she expects to get tips with that attitude. that leads to 2. there is an mandatory 15% tip already included. they also dont specified what that 15% is, so if you dont look at your bill carefully you wont know. What's worse, when the bill comes again for you to sign, theres another column empty for tip. It's a trap for people to pay extra if you didnt notice the 15% tip already included. So if you pay another 15%, you would end up paying a 32% tip for a horrific service. DONT BE FOOLED.If you like sushi, and you like to eat a lot of it...Ajia is the place to go! I started going here during my school years at Drexel University and just recently went back. I remember not eating for a day or two at a time so that I could spend $20 for an all you can eat sushi dinner with a good friend. The selection is good, the service has always been good, and it's just far enough out of center city that it's never over crowded.If Yelp offers me minus star, I'll give for this restaurant!!!
All I can say about this restaurant is extremely poor service and mediocre food. Wait staff never say 'Thanks' or even doesn't look at the face of customers. They knew that they would get bad tips, so they put '15%' in the bill. I don't mind about a few bucks to give them for bringing me food or drink but they shouldn't of charged me if they didn't do well. I don't know how they treat people like that. If a manager comes to check restaurant's rating, just give a training lesson to waitstuff. So, they know how to be nice and how to treat customer.
I'll never come back to this place, never & ever.Came here with a group (I didn't choose the restaurant) and was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't terrible! Food took a bit long to come out, but we weren't in a hurry, and they didn't rush us. That said, it is so close to the Walnut Street Bridge and the prices are expensive for how good the food is.I'd have given this place another star for the good ...  but the service sucked.  Literally.  There is one waitress for the entire restaurant and she's pretty much not really interested in hearing your requests or coming to your table at any point other than to take your initial order.  You kinda have to flag her down to let her know that you want your miso soup and salad (she ran away before we could even tell her).  In a place full of loud groups of Penn kids, it can be a bit frustrating to not have good service...  but it's ok.  
Why is it ok, you ask?? Because the food was really good.  The all-you-can-eat option is a good deal, as you can pretty much get whatever you want, other than the fancier "special rolls" on the regular menu.  The fish was fresh, the rolls were really yummy and they didn't all have avocado in them (which is exciting for me cause I don't like avocado...  don't hate me), and the shrimp tempura was really tasty.  
The only odd part...  they include a tip in your bill.  My guess is because the service is so crappy that you wouldn't tip her otherwise...  she adds it in for you.  Lame of her to give herself only 15%...  but she doesn't even deserve that much.I will keep going back to Ajia because they make great sushi.  Autumn roll, Rock n Roll, and Sweet Potato roll are my standbys.  The price is also pretty reasonable for good sushi, especially the lunch special.  
I tend to like getting take-out because it allows me to dodge my list of cons.  The cons are what prevented me from rating Ajia higher.  The service has never been spectacular.  When it isn't busy, the food comes out pretty quickly, but the servers are generally not super friendly.  There are also frequently large, loud, obnoxious groups of college kids eating there during busy times (late evenings and weekends), which makes it a pretty poor spot if you want to have good conversation over sushi (which is one thing I really enjoy about going out for sushi).    
So overall, the food is excellent, but the atmosphere is poor, leading to a pretty mediocre rating for a place that really has a lot of potential.after seeing all the rave reviews of other sushi joints that i haven't been to, i'm hesitant to give out this four star rating. but i will briefly attempt to defend this position. first, i have to say i like this place for the all-you-can eat deal. just follow the simple rules like "you pay for what you don't eat" and if you've got the stomach you will have the opportunity to eat any roll or sashimi that you've never had before. the deal is 22 bucks and include miso soup and salad, but you may want to skip it to save room. second, its acceptible sushi. i love wasabi so much that i usually eat sushi more for texture than taste, so if the ingredients aren't fresh, it makes me very unhappy. they have a few nice big booths for groups of six, so its easy to go here with a group.
on the downside, the service can be a bit unattentive. but all in all, my friends and i have enjoyed going here several times and never been disappointed.Wanting to hang out with my brother and craving Japanese food, he suggested Ajia.  Much to my chagrin, I agree and meet him there.  While my expertise is not in Japanese cuisine, as long as the place is sanitary, the fish is fresh and no-one has experienced food poisoning from this place, Ill go.  The $24 all-you-can-eat sushi is certainly a steal.  
My only qualm against the place really comes down to the waitress.  I actually caught myself saying to my brother before we entered, "I hope the mean waitress isnt here..." and TA-DAH, the one who sat us down in our booth was another waitress, who was younger and much more amiable than her notorious colleague.  My brother and I handed her our all-you-can-eat sushi order.  We were lost in conversation until -- out of no-where -- the mean waitress appears like the Wicked Witch and slams down our plate on the table!  Later, I did see the mean waitress yelling orders at the Cinderella waitress.  
Upon reading the other reviews here on Yelp, I was relieved to see that others have also noticed her affect and that she comes across as what can be described kindly as "moody".  Though, to her credit, she is certainly not the intrusive, effusive kind of waitress whose demeanor can only be interpreted as saccharine and un-genuine.   But then again, this is the only establishment Ive been to where a 15% gratuity is automatically included in the bill, regardless of the number of the party.We went for dinner around 7pm on a Monday night and we were the only customers.  We were hopeful in the place since it has a huge menu, but...
The dumplings in our soup were still frozen when served.  I probably could have done better at a teriyaki chicken kabob, which were 3 pieces of chicken separated by a piece of celery.  The sushi was ok, but didn't taste any fresher than buying from a supermarket.  The makizushi were very small in diameter and had a mushy quality to them, i.e. the Spicy Crunchy Tuna roll had no crunch at all. The Fantasy roll offered a nice burst of fresh cucumber but it overpowered whatever fish was included in the roll.  The West roll looked pretty, but no distinct flavor to it.  
Our waiter was good, but hey, we were the only people there. 
The hallway leading to the bathroom was cluttered with upside-down furniture (like a whole booth) and randomness.  The bathroom was not well kept and had no towels.  What looked like a 'sushi bar' seating area was cluttered with cleaning products and random papers.  A station where dishes were kept was accompanied by jars full of writing utensils and random office supplies.  
I feel bad giving a bad review, but if you go to a sushi place you want it to be clean and fresh.  This place was neither.   Head to others in the city.This is one of my favorite places to have sushi in Philadelphia. I discovered it during the summer of 2007 and have been addicted ever since. My boyfriend and I love the all-you-can-eat and BYOW aspects. 
The service is quick, sushi is fresh, and fried ice-cream is perfect.I've long since moved away from college and far far away from Ajia. I understand the service isn't stellar. But the sushi and BYOB component is amazing, especially after a long week of studying and then bombing (or feeling as if you've bombed) an exam. 
The quality and freshness of the sushi matches a lot of places that I've been, except it is unlimited here. I have never had eel that beats the eel at Ajia. YUM!
Ajia I miss you!I've gone and had enjoyed their all-you-can-eat several times before graduating so it was a pretty big shock when I came back and saw that the place has literally gone to hell.
I came as a party of three. Considering the size of the place (the size of an apartment living room), at no point should it ever take 10-15 minutes to try to grab the attention of your server. It was over 30 minutes into the meal and with constant hounding that they even brought us our soup or salad. The food took the usual forever, and by the end of the meal we were wondering if all the staff but one had raptured (5/21/11). During past visits, the sushi was always large chunks of rice, but at least covered with decently sized fish slices. Today, the rice to sushi ratio was so skewed, it might as well have been rice covered with fish-paper. It's never a good thing when you can see the rice through an almost translucently thin slice of fish.
It would also have been nice to stock some paper towels in the restroom. 
It was after the meal that was unbelievable. An older waitress brought us the check, which had a 15% charge on it (and it was not the gratuity either). She insisted it was a fee for getting all-you-can-eat. Does that make sense? So they wanted us to pay for the meal, and then a fee for the RIGHT to choose that meal? When we insisted that this charge made no sense (and there had obviously been no disclosure of such prior to ordering), she started yelling (nearly screaming) at our faces. It wasn't until we called for another waitress and asked for a manager that she started screaming FINE! FINE! and told us she'd take the fee off. It was the single worst service I've ever experienced in Philadelphia.
All in all, I was wondering why the reviews to this establishment went from Meh to Crackden terrible before today. Now I know. We shan't visit again. After all, Vic's is still in business.What's better than All You Can Eat Sushi for under 25 bucks? 
AYCES + BYOB. 
Yes, you can bring any bottle of booze you want and have a great time with your friends.
Get sushi and alcohol on the cheap.This is the clear choice for my first review on Yelp, since I've had so many bad experiences with this place (I've tried boycotting, but as I live in the same building as this restaurant, and the alternatives in this area are limited, sometimes going becomes a necessity). 
The good (what the 1 star is for):  the lunch specials are a pretty good deal, and their rolls and sizzling plates are generally good (nothing amazing, but nothing to complain about either).  Still, the quality has been  following a steady downward slope (i.e. less fish more rice, smaller sushi), which brings me to ...
The bad and the ugly:  the service is beyond inappropriate at this place.  the main waitress is rude and practically throws the food down on the table.  One time I ordered a spicy tuna and got crunchy spicy tuna (a major issue as *FYI* their CRUNCHY SUSHI SUCK AND ARE NEAR INEDIBLE - not sure if this is still true though as I never order their sushi with crunch anymore).  When I brought this to her attention, she just walked away w/o saying a word!  They've just hired another server, who seems to be equally inept and shares all the same flaws, except rudeness but that may be b/c she does not know English.  
During my most recent visit there (after not going for 5 months; and only because my friends wanted sushi but didn't want to go far), the server had her finger dipped into my miso soup as she carried it to the table (no apologies) and dropped a sizzling tofu steak platter in front of my friend, causing oil to splatter all over the table.  They also added a 15% tip for the 4 of us.
Basically, the only reason this place is still open and getting lots of business (sadly) is because of its convenient location and lack of competition.  Just be warned that if you go, you must put up with the sub par service with no option to cut back on the tip (they really do make a scene, as others have said).I used to live in the apartment building above this place.  It used to be my go to Sushi resteraunt long before I got on Yelp. 
I was there the other night.  25 minutes in I had to ask for my appetizer and gave them 5 minutes or I was walking out the door (note, they were not really busy at all).   
My appetizer amazingly came out 4 minutes later.  Was good and the Sushi was good as well.  Nothing to write home about or to overcome my disappointment in the service.  
Given the number of Sushi places there are in the area, I won't be going back.Hit or miss.  Sometimes the sushi is great and other times it is terrible.
More importantly, I would never sit down at this restaurant again - the service is terrible.
But, there is a $9 lunch special that includes three rolls and a salad.  That's a deal and it only takes 10-15 minutes.In retrospect, as a starving art student in University City, it probably wasn't a great idea to indulge in Ajia as much as I did. You get a lot for your dollar during the lunch specials, but otherwise it can be pricey, especially with the credit minimum. (Note: their ATM has a high surcharge, so it's best to take cash out beforehand).
That said, the food is quite good. I'm especially a fan of their teriyaki dishes. The service can be iffy if you plan to sit down, but they tend to be quicker if you order take out.Get over yourself/ shut up and enjoy the sushi.
I moved to West Philly from Seattle in the summer of 2005 and found Ajia my first week there. I proceeded to eat lunch and dinner at Ajia every day for the first month I lived in Philly- then law school started and I ran out of money. For the next 4 years I ate at Ajia about once a week, more if I could afford it.
But what a month that first month was! Their lunch special $8.95 for soup, salad, 3 sushi rolls (Spicy Crunchy Tuna x 3 please)- it couldn't be beat. Many days I walked from UPenn campus past what felt like hundreds of food carts because Ajia was all I wanted. When I started having gluten reaction to the crunchy tempura in the Spicy Crunchy Tuna roll I often would order the sashimi appetizer for lunch- what a treat and what a great price.
The real secret is the $23.95 all you can eat made to order sushi dinner. Ajia is a BYO- so bring a bunch of wine and a bunch of friends and stay all night. Every order is made fresh and you can tell. I have never had a "fishy" meal at Ajia- never once. 
My first real date with a guy a trillion years ago, we ended up at Ajia and ordered a ton of sushi. That was the one and only time I ever saw this happen there- but they brought our millions of rolls out on a huge wooden ship that was almost too big for the table. So sweet- they must have really wanted us to have a special night.
As the years went by, I brought so many dates to Ajia, the waitress would stop by the table while the boy was in the loo and say "He more handsome, he most handsome, he good one." Apparently she had a Yelp review system just for me and my dates. 
I became well known by the small staff and they would save 2 dozen surf clam for my birthday- they knew me that well. We celebrated over 40 birthdays, a couple law school graduations, and a bar exam completions at Ajia over the 5 years I was in Philly. They have my own personal wine bottle opener, as theirs kept getting stolen, I brought one in and they would only use it for me, to make sure I was happy- I didn't care if they used it for everyone- I wanted everyone to enjoy Ajia.
One hot summer day a monsoon came through- they were happy to hand me an umbrella for my walk home, knowing I would be back the next day. If the restaurant was quiet when I arrived the waitress would start up the boyband cd of Blue in short order and the Pavlovian response would begin. Thank god you don't hear Blue playing on a regular basis- otherwise I would lose my mind thinking about sushi.
The walk home from a long night of binge eating sushi and binge drinking wine to wash it down is one of my most dearly missed past times from Philadelphia. My heart breaks when I think about not being able to run out and just get a decent meal at Ajia now that I'm in Santa Fe.I have eaten here or carried out about a half dozen times. From my experiences, I wonder how it was possible that I would keep coming back. Actually, the reason is that the food is really good and it is tough to find good Japanese food in University City. That's where the goodness stops.
I want to explain: I don't eat sushi here, I don't come in small groups, I only come for the lunch special. Don't come with a group, they will screw up your order. For some reason, I only come here with between 5 and 7 people. This is a mistake, but we are masochists and we like punishment. 
Today they screwed it up twice, one of us wanted soup, and got salad; easily fixed. Then they didn't bring out my harumaki until after I got my katsu, so while everyone was waiting for my appetizer to arrive, theirs got cold. 
A couple of months back they screwed it up big time (I ordered katsu don and I got a piece of fried chicken on some lettuce). That's what I got for getting take-out and not checking the bag. And that was the last time I did that.
Also, expect bad service. This place is notorious for poor, and often rude, service that makes for a less than enjoyable meal. Especially if you have a group.I've been going to this place for two years when I feel the intense need to satisfy my sushi cravings.  All-you-can-eat for $22?  It's a definite steal/bargain for me.  The amount of pieces of sushi and maki I can consume can be unsightly at times.....
The only thing that prevents me from giving this place the full 5 stars is the service, as the prior reviews have discussed so thoroughly.  The waitress is quite rude: never smiles or greets you nicely, and yes, she really does throw down anything she's about to serve you right on the table without any hesitancy.  There are times I empathize with her, as I come from a family-run restaurant too and understand the stress and energy-depletion that comes with the job, but then I realize that you're in this job to support your family, so the least you could do is to keep your customers happy so that they come back and your business is prolonged.
If you're a big consumer of sushi and aren't too particular about service like me, then by all means, come here.  Another bonus?  BYOB.The worst restaurant I've ever experienced in University City... the food wasn't good at all and didn't taste like Japanese food.  In fact, it reminded me Chinese food.  There's worse thing - the waitress.  She didn't even say a word...no hello, no welcome, no please, no thank you, no nothing... horrible!  Oh and then they gave you no chance but pay them the solid 15% of tips.Oh Ajia. Why, why, why?
So much potential here. 
The good:
- Lunch specials for under $10.
- Cheap, good portions, good selection.
- Only Asian style place in the area.
The bad:
- The service. Holy cow. A couple friends and I go in fairly often for the above lunch specials and were talking about how poor the service is. Expect to sit down and basically have the chopsticks thrown at you followed by a "what you want?!".
- All you can eat sushi comes with Soup-Nazi-esc rules. 
- So/so sushi.
Fix the service (this is a service industry, no?) and they could have a nice thing going there but after 3 or 4 years of the same I'm not expecting it. Some places can get away with that gruff style service and pass it off as charming but Ajia doesn't have the goods to back it up.I don't believe that I've never reviewed AJIA.
OKAY THE FIRST TIME I WOULD HAVE GIVEN IT A 3 AND SAID THE WAITRESS WAS LAME, THE MUSIC WAS HILARIOUSLY BAD, AND THE ALL YOU CAN EAT WAS DIFFICULT FOR ME TO AFFORD.
The second time I would have given 3 stars and said that each time I've been here, there's been a sweet and incredibly charming young waitress who is really quite delightful, fyi. But it's still hard for me to get my money's worth, though nice to share the all you can eat with a friend, so you can teamwork into finishing.
OKAY, FLASH FORWARD TO THE PRESENT. IT'S 2010, AND I'M GIVING THEM 4 STARS.
The young waitress has been here all three times, and this time, I paid close attention to the staff after giving my boyfriend the heads up that the one waitress is infamous. But she seems to have been distributed less interactive tasks, like seating and delivering some dishes, while the friendlier waitress takes orders, etc. I strongly believe the era of the bad waitress has ended, because even on a PACKED friday night, she didn't act rushed, and I caught her laughing with the other staff numerous times, as opposed to scowling and ignoring customers.
It says the all you can eat will charge you for condiments requested, but don't worry; soy sauce, low sodium soy sauce, wasabi, and ginger come in abundance, free of charge. Also, there is unlimited miso soup or salad.
They didn't charge me for not finishing two pieces, but I was really afraid they would, so when I had 8 pieces left, I scarfed down 6. This later lead to sickness, but don't worry, all I lost was my green tea.
THE GREEN TEA- 1.00, a little eggy, but authentically amazing.
THE GYOZA SOUP- A delicious dumpling soup that is a value over the equally priced dumplings themselves, with fantastic broth.
I was a little irritated with my orders in all-you-can eat, because, though it's hard to know what everything is, I purposely order different sushis every plate... but at least 4 pieces were exact repeats, as if they ran out/ didn't want to make what I ordered and figured I wouldn't know the difference. Frustrating, because there was a tuna that I really couldn't handle. The crunchy rolls are intensely crunchy, and there's too much cucumber in the california roll, making it a little bland.
STILL, I see great hope for AJIA. While I stuffed 28 pieces in me, I could have been done at 18... and 18 pieces come with the 9 dollar lunch special. I have decided to retire from my attempts at all-you-can-eat 24 dollar sushi, and will find piece-full sushi dining with the affordable lunch special. A new door has opened... let's hope the nice young waitress works the lunch shift, too.
Oh right, and they're BYOB.
I don't recommend large groups, because they can only take so many orders at one time, and large groups slow down service for the entire restaurant, not to mention your own table. And sometimes, the rest of us find your overwhelming presence obnoxious.I didn't have a good experience. The rice used for the sushi might have been old--kind of like how you have rice in the fridge from leftovers? As a result, the sushi didn't taste fresh at all. The waiter was attentive, but that's about it for positives. The set up is nice, though it can get a bit chilly inside in the winter time so pack a sweater if you're taking your honey out for Japanese cuisine night. Though honestly, unless you're a Penn student afraid to venture too far away from the Schuylkill, I don't know why you would choose this place over other Japanese restaurants. 
Ugh. Please, ethnic restaurant, play ethnic music, NOT AMERICAN TOP 40!!!TERRIBLE experience here!
I've been to Ajia a number of times for all you can eat sushi, so I know to expect the awful service.  But this was over the top.
We were given red plastic soda cups to drink wine.
The woman said that wine glasses were only for parties of 2, but I remember a big group of us getting wine glasses when we went last month.
Wine in a red cup???  That's completely absurd.  Seriously, I am not in college anymore.
Also, there's a new rule that everyone at the table has to do all you can eat.  This was not the case a month ago, so we were stuck, having to ostracize the 2 non-all you can eaters to a table on the other side of the room (the woman wouldn't us bring two tables closer together) or not doing all you can eat sushi.
The only redeeming factor was the new dinner special: $10.99 for 3 maki rolls.  The selection was limited, and there was rice to fish ratio was way to high, but it was still a good deal.
Still no paper towels in the bathroom.
I used to really like this place.  Convenient location, nice ambiance, I even like the cheesy music after a few drinks (Nelly Furtado, anyone?), and there's something truly magical about all you can eat sushi made to order.  But now I'm not sure I'll ever go back.  I can get my red cup wine fix for free at a frat party down the street.Oh Ajia, how I adore thee. Such a creature of habit, aren't you?!
Same moody waitress every time. 
Same Westlife CD (on repeat) every time. 
Same affordable and tasty lunch special every time.
So yeah, the waitress will throw your plates on the table with the perfect grace of an angry tigress, but seriously, you can't beat the lunch special which lasts from open 'till 3. Three rolls and a soup or salad for under $10?! It's a steal, folks. The sushi isn't Iron Chef quality, but it will definitely fill your tummy with Japanese delight. 
I've considered making a mix CD for my beloved Ajia, but realized doing so would take away from the ambience. I've been there enough that I get a faint grin from the intimidating waitress when I walk in the door. My friends say it's because I'm half Japanese, but I'm pretty sure it's because I tip her well. 
3 stars for the 3 affordable rolls you provide me, Ajia.Out of nowhere they changed the credit card minimum from $10 to $20. The waitress is still a bitch.
Also, CHANGE THE MUSIC.
Guess I won't be back then.Mediocre sushi.  Gruff Service.  All you can eat seems like a good idea, but for 25 bucks you can get plenty of higher quality sushi elsewhere and be full.  I'll take quality over quantity any day.I wanted to like this place, because it is cheap and close to school for me.  However, only once in my life have I had tuna that I thought was bad, and it came from Ajia.  The tuna was almost black and smelled funky.  I ate one piece of the roll and it tasted off as well.  I ate the other two rolls in my combo and they were fine (about what you would expect for the price point).  Now, to be clear, I did not get sick.  But I still can't believe they served that to me.  It was clearly passed its prime.  Also, to be fair, this was during the summer, so turnover may have been extremely low.  Regardless, I won't go back unless forced, and if I am forced, I won't be ordering sushi.Let me preface this review with the following statement: The last time I ate here there was a fraternity who had taken BYO to mean BYOK- that's bring your own keg. The male members of the frat were all doing keg stands and the girls were all giggling.  
The food here is fine, it's a BYOB which is always a pleasure and since this part of the city right by Drexel has so few, it is a welcome change of pace. The food is not life changing, but they have some good standards. I would definitely eat here again, I just hope those frat kids aren't there again, that really was something.This review is based on my three visits here from 2008-09, so my feedback may not be entirely relevant at this time. In any event, here is my overall impression of Ajia:
Each of the three times I ate here, I opted for the $22.95 all-you-can-eat sushi offer. It's not a bad deal, especially if you are like me and can easily put away 40+ pieces of sushi. I tend to stick to the nigiri, as the fish-to-rice ratio in maki rolls tends to be worse. The fish here was okay, as would be expected of a restaurant offering AYCE sushi; nothing spectacular, but nothing poor. I noticed that there was a bit too much rice on most of the sushi, which is also to be expected of any AYCE sushi joint but is still a turn-off nonetheless. 
In terms of service, I was put-off by the surly waitress mentioned by other Yelpers. She was very unfriendly and seemed at best disinterested and at worst hostile. It's a good thing (for her) that there is an automatic "service charge" applied to every bill, as that kind of service is not receptive of an 18-20% tip. But again, my experiences at Ajia were from 2008-09, so maybe she has become friendlier...or maybe not. Also, the sushi took quite a while to be made, even when the restaurant was nearly completely empty. I don't know if it's a stall tactic to try getting the AYCE patron to get bored or feel sated quicker, or if it is due to a really slow sushi chef, but the wait time for the sushi to be brought out was excessive.
Overall, Ajia is an okay option for fulfilling a sushi craving, and the fact that it offers made-to-order AYCE sushi is a positive attribute, but the subpar service here is a bit of a turnoff. But what basically made me stop eating here was the fact that the restaurant ALWAYS seemed to be empty. The couple of times that I came here happened to be Friday or Saturday nights, and the place was pretty much empty. That definitely made me think twice about coming back here for sushi, as I'm not going to eat raw fish from a place with such a low turnover rate. Also, I've heard that they have raised their price for the AYCE sushi deal, which is incomprehensible given their already-low customer base to begin with. Ultimately, Ajia benefits from the scarcity of Japanese restaurants in University City, as I'm guessing that, given more options, patrons would choose to eat elsewhere.Whenever I go in to buy takeout they seem upset that I am there. Their rolls are pretty ok but for some reason their miso soup tastes terrible to me (maybe I am just used to a different taste).I'm not sure why this place has such a low rating, I think it's one of the best places to get sushi in the city.  
They have an excellent lunch deal: 3 rolls for around $9 which includes soup or salad. My favorites here are the dragon roll and the crunchy sweet potato roll, which I've never seen at any other establishment. They are also pretty quick to serve at the lunch hour: I've never waited more than 10 minutes for my rolls and they are always quick to take your order immediately.I used to go here fairly often but have stopped after the last time I was there...  The main waitress is fairly rude.  The sushi used to be pretty good, but if you get the all-you-can-eat, expect to get a HUGE amount of rice in each roll... not impressive.This sushi restaurant is conveniently located near the University of Pennsylvania.  It is unassuming, but man, the lunch deal is great!  3 rolls, very decently sized, and a soup or salad, for $8.95.  You really just can't beat that.  Otherwise, nothing super special.  The sizzling plates smelled yummy.
My beef with this place?  The service is slow, but she was only 1 server for the whole place, so ok, I won't harp...  too much.  But they accept Mastercard and Visa, but with a $20 minimum charge.  Arghhh.THIS IS TRULY THE WORST RESTAURANT I HAVE BEEN TO IN MY LIFE.
If I can, I would give this restaurant a -5 star. Want to know why? Hear me out, please. 
Last Friday I went to the restaurant with friends. I ordered a yakisoba stirred fried noodle. Just when I was finishing my last mouthful of noodle, I bit on something very sharp; later it turned out that the sharp object was a piece of red-colored glass. Thank goodness that I didn't not bite really hard--I have no doubt that, given its sharpness, it could have pierced into my mouth. 
Feeling exasperated, I called the waitress. She took the plate off together with the piece of glass (the only thing I failed to do was to hold on to the evidence) without offering any apology. A couple of minutes later, she came back with the check, told me that she took two dollars off my 12 dollar noodle, as a compensation, on the grounds that I had finished all my food and I could have taken the piece of glass from anywhere and put it into the plate. What's even more ridiculous was that the two dollars off was taken from the tips, as she has handed me a check with the tips counted in. Without the evidence or even of a photo of it, I didn't fight on about and just left without tips. But I will NEVER GO BACK AGAIN. 
The bad-tempered and rude waitress has been an eyesore to many of us for years and sometimes we just put up with her because Ajia was the only sushi restaurant near Penn. But darn it, I'll never go back and I would only recommend this place to you if you want to punish someone.Meh is the term that pretty much sums up this place. If you live in the building and want to quickly grab dinner this place is a decent option, but definitely not any place to seek out. The basics are fine, but some of the more rare types of fish often taste a little off. For example, I refuse to eat any type of yellowtail from here. It's just not right. I definitely recommend that you stick with rolls that involve tuna, salmon, fake crab, or tempura. If you venture outside of those options you're bound to be disappointed. The teriyaki dishes are also decent. The one time that I ate there the servers were a little rude. Note that it's BYOB.This Japanese restaurant isn't humongous, but at least is conveniently close to UPenn and Drexel if you want sushi. I don't recall any amazing sushi rolls but we did order several (!) boats with sushi and sashimi that our party of 20 ripped into pretty quickly. If you look on the walls, you might see our group photo there (the owner snaps shots of the diners and posts them there, at least when we were there). There are better places than Ajia, but your mileage may vary.I went to Ajia a few times in college, always for the all you can eat. It's a great deal and you can really walk away satisfied. The all you can eat menu is a little sparse, though. I've been to other all you can eat sushi places and have seen more variety. As mentioned by other reviewers, the wait can be a little long between rounds - I guess they're just waiting for that rice to expand and you can't eat any more!
To their credit though, the last time I went was with some friends to see who could eat the most sushi. Suffice it to say, almost 200 pieces were eaten between 3 people. It was awesome.First off let me preface... I have been eating here pretty religiously for the all you can eat 21.95  over the past 4-5 years. Probably about 25 times in total. 
I WILL NEVER GO BACK EVER!
I was there 2 or 3 nights ago, and was absolutely appalled at what transpired. They sunk to a new low, they have begun adding almost 2x the rice to each piece of sushi, I and the friend that I was with noticed this and commented to each other about it. It literally was like a small piece of fish on a huge mass of rice. My friend mentioned that it affected the taste of the sushi, so I suggested that he remove some of it. After performing this to several pieces, the waitress actually came up (after pacing back and forth at our table 4 times) and said "Excuse me sir, what about the rice..." Pretty much aknowledging the fact that they are indeed now doing this to try to get people to eat less. Whats more, is that my friend, in the middle of eating his dinner was interrupted about 5 times to ask if he wanted more water when his glass was not even partially empty. As almost it was a reminder to drink more water. Whilest eating the rice he removed he asked for the check, and the waitress replied something to the effect of "Only after your done" I may not have gotten that exact, but she did indeed wait untill he was 90% done eating the additional rice. At this point I was very very upset, and was not planning on giving more than the standard 10% tip. Much to my supprise there was already a 15% tip added on to a two guest check! I said nothing, paid the bill and walked out, not wishing to interrupt other patrons.
Also, About 2 years ago I had one really bad experience, in which the manager/owner came up to me and chastised me in front of other patrons  for putting what he thought was too small of a tip on my credit card, it  was  12% (I checked twice and so did the person I was eating with) which I thought was pretty good for having to wait so long for sushi, and occasionally getting my water glass refilled.  I decided after a month that the quality of the sushi justified going back and began again to frequent it.
Also, About 1 year ago, I went there and they added a 15% tip onto my bill when it was only two of us eating. I recalled the previous interaction and let it slide.
In closing, Ajia, if your reading this, you should up the price of your All you can eat, if you are losing money on it, to 29.95, and not try to steal money from people with 15% tips and excess rice, I mean the amount of rice was absolutely rediculous, no japanese person in their right mind would have made it like that. I have been at least 20 different sushi restraunts in my life time and never have I seen it made that way.
I for one would have paid 29.95 without any issue, to have good fresh sushi, which it is (thats the only thing they have going for them).The all you can eat sushi idea in theory is a great way to get the most value for your dollar.  That being said, this place kinda is lacking in a few areas.  First, the sushi is decent, however the fish is placed upon a giant wad of rice. Instead of complimenting the fish, the rice dominates almost to the point that you think they are giving you all this rice to fill you up.  The service is mediocre as some of the waitress staff seem to be rather grumpy and angry.  The BYOB aspect of this restaurant attracts a lot of underage kids in large parties.  If you want a nice relaxing enjoyable sushi meal, I would not recommend this place.  If you have the money and are looking for a more wholesome dining experience, skip Ajia and head towards center city.  If you are an underage college student looking to get your drank on, this is the place for you.This place sucks so much. I'm at this restaurant right now, yelping from my phone. It is that bad.
I waited an hour for my food and it's not that busy. Oh and when I finally got my food it was terrible. The worst sushi and udon ever in the history of the world. Don't go here. 
Don't ever ever ever ever go here!!!!!!!!!!!I have trouble distinguishing between mid-level sushi places; it's all basically the same thing. Ajia distinguishes itself with its all you can eat option which I believe is around $32. I've only taken that road once, and while fun, it's a lot of pressure since (like most sushi places) you have to finish every piece you ask for. They should really call it 'all you must eat.'  
Most of the time I just split several rolls and perhaps some edamame with whoever is along for the ride. The rolls are pretty big and I've never left still feeling hungry. The quality is above average, I've never gotten anything that I'd put under the heading of bad. I wouldn't recommend the kitchen entrees, they're certainly nothing special-- sushi is the strong point here. The lunch special is a great deal at less than $10 for sushi, soup, and salad. 
Service is pretty quick. The woman running the joint is abrasive but recently a young girl (who I would guess is her daughter) seems to be doing most of the waitressing so the experience has been a little friendlier. They do accept credit cards if you spend more than $20 I think.