Had the all you can eat and it was awesome! They create everything for you FRESH and they have an amazing selection! Great service and fair prices! We will definitely be coming back for more again! Also their lunch special is great quality and low priceI am so apologetic to hear of the bad reviews here. This place has been a great experience for me everytime I have visited. Best time for great price food and drinks is happy hour!! I would recommend this place to everyone!The ask you can eat option is amazing if you like sushi.  The variety of sushi is good and the fish is fresh.Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kitten may tickle Julie Andrew's fancy, but bargains and sushi are two of MY favorite things. 
And I have found it all here, not in the beautiful hills of Austria, on the filthy streets of Philadelphia. 
All you can eat sushi: $25
3 rolls (24 pieces!) : $12
It's good sushi. The fish is fresh and the newish decor is funky nuvo asian. The service is always efficient and the bathrooms are clean (something I find fairly indicative of the quality in a sushi restaurant).
Anyway, the next time the Von Trapps are in town, take them when they are sick of wienerschnitzel and want something cheap, fast, and fresh.I'm not your typical sushi lover, but when I get a craving- I NEED a lobster mazy roll from AKI. If you can put sushi down like nobody's business, do the all-you-can-eat- menu bc the regular rolls are pretty good (usually get the shrimp tempura- best ones in the city- and the yellowtail and scallion) and for an extra 5 bucks each you can add specialty rolls like the lobster mazy (to die for). If you're doing a light meal, make sure you get the avocado salad with ginger dressing. I'm almost positive there's crack in the dressing- yes its that good. This place is also great for date night (red comfy couch type booths) or group outings (dark wood tables). The place has a nice ambience with dim lights. Overall, a great sushi spot. Only things that sucks is there's never any parking, but there is a lot across the street.Best all you can eat I've ever done. There is such a wide selection of nigiri and sashmi- and you can still get your specialty roll fix! Plus, appetizers are up for grabs, so you actually leave feeling like you got a deal (and paid less than going a la carte).
Definitely not inexpensive, so come HUNGRY. But the quality is great. I'm STILL drooling over the white tuna nigiri.I had a horrible experience at Aki today. They had 3 servers covering the entire restaurant. I sat at the bar and could only get attention in 15 min increments. In addition, I was only going to do 2 rolls and a soup so I knew I wouldnt need the All you can eat menu. Anyway, the server comes over, doesnt ask me what I want to drink. I ordered and he brings the food out with no utensils. I asked him for a plate, he forgets chopsticks, I ask for chopsticks, he doesnt bring soy sauce with the sushi. I did not realize I would have to ask for each of these things specifically in order to receive them. The soup was good and I ordered shrimp shumai. It came out with 3 little pieces of shumai, which I know is not a $6 order of shumai. Perhaps he was giving me the All you can eat portion size. Anyway, after I ate and asked for check, it took about 15 minutes for the check to come and he brought it out and charged me $30 (the all you can eat price). I said no, adding up everything I got, it does not exceed $21. He said he entered it into the system and this price came out cheaper. I said once again that I had seen the prices and there's no way it was more than $21. He said "no, this is cheaper, your order comes to $32 otherwise" I did not want to argue anymore even thought I know he was clearly miscalculating because 2 $6 rolls is 12 plus $6 for the bitty shumai is $18 plus $2.50 for the miso soup is $21.50. Anyway, I paid and I left but I feel ripped off!! And to think my coworkers rave about this place. Wait till they hear this...Ate here while we were at a conference. We got sushi and fried rice. The fried rice was just salty, not other taste than salt. Sushi was less than average, rice was way too cooked and was mushy. Rolls with tempura inside were cold. Two stars because staff is very friendly and tries to be accommodatingHoly Hell. Aki, how many ways did I loathe my experience with you? Let me count the ways. 
1. Your watered down soy sauce. Let's start at the most illustrative and representative point. You couldn't even get your soy sauce right. Never in my life have I complained about the soy sauce. I mean, I feel silly writing this, but in a blind taste test; your soy sauce could not be differentiated between lukewarm sea water with a little bit of regurgitated wasabi in it. If you can't get soy sauce right, you know you are probably in for a wild ride. And boy were we ever. 
2. For the first time ever, I found multiple bones and gristle (for lack of a better word) in my fish. Having to pull bones and gristle out of my mouth mid-chew didn't jive with my date night feel I was going for. 
3. Your fish was curiously warm and the texture was concerning. Enough said, this is not high quality or fresh fish by any stretch of the imagination. 
4. You did not serve me sushi. You served me lukewarm and overaged fished limply draped over a soggy pile of rice. It was like a sad, dying golden retriever putting his head on your knee for the last time before you take him to the vet to be put down. Nothing sadder. On top of that, they don't put wasabi between the fish and the rice. You shouldn't have some yelp reviewer with clearly too much time on his hands teaching you the fundamentals of sushi. 
5. The service was barely existent. I saw my server 4 times throughout the night, but she was busy, so I blame the same people who re-re-re-refridgerate the fish they serve and not the hard working servers who are understaffed. 
6. We bought the Groupon, but still feel like I overpaid. I've gone to all you can eat buffets in florida who have sushi the same quality as this place. I saw they do all you can eat sushi, which indicates it's not financially viable to serve high quality fish with this offer, but then everyone suffers, regardless of whether or not we want to participate in this gluttonous act. It's basically failed socialism, with stinky fish. 
Bottom line, there are SO SO SO MANY good sushi places in Philly. Most of them cheaper than this place and BYOB. Save yourself, the time, money, and fiery post consumption diarrhea and go somewhere else.I only eat veggie sushi, so my perspective might be a little different from other reviewers. 
The lunch special is amazing! Three (huge) rolls, and soup or a salad for 11 bucks. If you order it right at or before 3pm, you get the special, so you can even order it and carry it home for dinner.
The avocado is ripe, the rice doesn't fall off the sushi, and the (gluteney, soon to be discarded) soy sauce comes in a separate packet.
They deliver too.We have been coming to this restaurant for years and we always loved their sushi and found their all-you-can-eat menu great. 
Last night we had dinner at Aki and unfortunately the food quality was drastically below par. We orders the usual rolls from their menu and nothing was like it used to be and we struggled to finish our rolls. I don't know what happened but it's not the same placeA reasonable price for an all you can eat sushi buffet and the service is fast and efficient. However, the quality of the fish is absolutely terrible. Almost scary... The tuna that was served to us wasn't real tuna. It was either a gelatin or another fish substitute. The other raw fish were not fresh. I ended up avoiding the sushi and eating their cooked portion of the buffet.
I would strongly recommend eating at a different sushi place... This was quite a terrifying experience.... The worst in philly so farThis place used to be called AOI. Nothing has really changed, except the decor. The food is still sub-par, especially the sushi. Anybody who has been to a really good Japanese restaurant will be disappointed here.
Spicy salmon roll means you get panko, mayo, and Sri Racha, mixed with little bits of reject salmon. It's like a meatball.
All you can eat is just an exercise in wasting your time waiting for flavored rice. And with the sushi being as poor quality as it is, you really aren't getting much of a bargain. You can spend the same amount of money elsewhere and get better ingredients, more fish with less rice, better service, and better atmosphere.My husband and I ordered the All-You-Can-Eat sushi on a Tuesday during happy hour and were very happy with the variety and quality of the rolls and appetizers we ordered. There were 8 or so specialty rolls in the All-You-Can-Eat menu, plus another ten or so that had an up charge of $2.50 for each roll, though you won't need to order those; the ones included are delicious. Our server was pleasant and attentive to our table. The rolls were fresh and well made, and the appetizers (gyoza, fried calamari, and miso soup) were also fresh and flavorful.
The atmosphere is clean, bright, and welcoming, and by the time we left around 5:30, it started to fill up with patrons. 
We also ordered drinks, which were certainly strong for their happy hour price. 
5/5, would go for all you can eat again!AWFUL. I went there for restaurant week. Walked in and it smelled of fish(not good). There were only two tables of customers there when I got there. I waited 30 minutes to get my first course and was given my second course instead. The waitress said "It's fine, it's there". I finally got the first course and entree and my Pan Seared tuna looked boiled, fearful of getting sick, I didn't eat it. My friend ordered the salmon teriyaki bento and just got a regular plate of salmon and veggies, no bento box with siu mai as advertised on the menu. An hour had gone by and I had to leave without the tempura ice cream because that would have probably taken another 30 minutes. 
Never going backWhat happened? I'm so bummed. 
In the past 2 weeks, I've ordered take-out twice from Aki for lunch. Both times, the fish was not fresh at all. It was, I hate to say - disgusting. 
I don't know if my sushi taste buds have been heightened since I've had some amazing sushi recently, or if this place has really gone downhill.  
Either way, go at your own risk. 
I will miss you Aki. My rule is 2 strikes and you are OUT.  A girl has got to draw the line somewhere.All you can eat sushi for under $30 bucks. The rolls were good but the mojito was not. Service was pretty on point and the selection of sushi and sashimi was good too. We went with a vegetarian friend and she was able to get one of the rolls customized to suit her needs. The fried apps (calamari, gyoza, tempura) were delish.One of my absolute favorite sushi restaurants in the city! Though pricey, their all you can eat option is top notch, including sides and soup at no additional cost. Discounted sake as well.
The sushi is very fresh, expertly crafted, and delicious. They have gluten-free soy sauce upon request (which is surprisingly rare in sushi places around Philly) as well as plenty of non-sushi options. Again, it's a tad pricey, but you get a ton of food for your dollars.What drew me in was the All You Can Eat special for $24.95, and although I was concerned about saving pennies when it comes to raw fish, I was pleasently surprised. The Sushi was absolutely fantastic. And you're allowed to order off of the Special Rolls menu for an addition $2 per roll, which was well worth it in my opinion. Definitely a great place to bring a date!if I could give this place zero stars, I would. Terrible service. I will say however, the sushi is good. my friends and I did NOT have the greatest experience here. Go at your own risk.This is an excellent sushi place and now with ramen dishes added, it offers a variety of quality and tasty Japanese affairs. However, the service is a bit on the slow side. More wait staff should be added.The all you can eat sushi deal is excellent. $27 can't be beat. Get the sumo roll. It's delicious!There are two things I love here, salmon nigiri n tempura appetizer.  Both are light, fresh tasting, and delightful dishes.   My sushi tastes are tame so the fresh salmon over rice is perfect for me.  The slices rare always nice n clean.
Tempura comes with two shrimp, two carrots, two broccoli, n two sweet potatoes...  Perfect.For Sushi Buffet, I had a great time. The price is reasonable. You shouldn't be expecting the best sushi ever with this price, but it's definitely good for sushi lovers who wants to do all you can eat.
Each order has 6-8 pieces, which can be crazy if you just want to tastes more, but I stayed there for two hours just to try things and enjoy myself, which by the time I finished, I had tried well enough things.
The waitress I met once wasn't so energetic, but she's not rude, so I was fine with her.My partner and I always come here when we want to eat a bunch of delicious sushi. They have an "all you can eat" price that is available any time of day, and is well worth what they charge ($26). We did the math and if you get two different rolls from their specialty rolls menu while doing the "all you can eat" option, everything after that is essentially free.
We typically eat 5 or 6 different rolls each, so this is a super good deal for us. Try it out! Even just ordering off the regular menu is great, this place has some really innovative and interesting rolls that will leave you satisfied. The staff is really friendly and nice as well, and have always given us good service. Definitely one of our favorite places to come to when we are in this part of town.Staff was a bit slow and unattentive, but nice and the food was great.Disappointing. Simply. 
I have been craving sushi for the past four months (on rebound with vegetarian food), so walking through center city one day I see this place and thought to give it a try (yeah, I know I am not winning points for sticking with MY Decisions here). The sushi here is SO bland...to the extent that you try three of the highly recommended entrees here to still feel that you have not have had sushi for four months!The sushi was good and my not so positive review has more to do with the bad experience after we left. One of the rolls that I had, had fish bones in one of the rolls which was strange but whatever. 
My issue is this: we went with two other people and before leaving we left our tip on the table. After we part our ways my friend gets a call from the RESTAURANT on a blocked number saying that we did not leave a tip!! What restaurant would ever call a customer over this? Either someone stole the tip or the money fell off the table but this really offended me. That's not okay to call a customer over a tip. My friend actually went back and gave them another tip. This is embarrassing to both us and on the restaurant. Not cool and won't go back here.Sat at the bar with two friends for Center City Sips last Wednesday to enjoy some drinks and snacks.  As the bar/restaurant got progressively more crowded, the service got slower.  We sat with empty glasses for a while each time we needed another round of drinks.  We ended up having to flag down a server that wasn't ours to get our check, because our bartender sort of disappeared.  But the food was great (I had the tofu appetizer: great flavors and lovely presentation), and the price was nice.  Overall, decent.  I'd got back, but probably for table service / dinner instead of hanging at the bar.I came here on a Saturday evening with a group of friends. The place is nice and the service is pretty fast. We all opted for the All you can eat sushi and apps for $25.95. I found some of the special rolls to be a little underwhelming but the appetizers were good. 
The staff was very nice and helped me a conceal a cake for someone on the table and brought it out at the perfect time! They didn't even mind the annoying (yet fun) relighting candles I'd bought. 
My biggest problem with this place was that the women's bathroom was out of order and the men's bathroom was gross and borderline unusable.Great value (I.e. price to taste ratio)!
We went here for a birthday dinner for a large group of 24 people. They were very accommodating with reservations and we had a single long table in the center of the restaurant so we were all together. They had two servers for the table who were fantastic. They even allowed us to serve and celebrate a cake brought in from outside (that a friend baked).
The sushi buffet ends up being the best value for most since it covers everything from appetizers to sashimi, regular rolls, and specialty rolls (at a minor additional cost). As a vegetarian I was very pleased with their veggie roll selection as well.
If getting the buffet, plan a lot of time. They make everything fresh to order so try and order as you're finishing up the previous plate.The sushi is average, nothing blown my mind. But for less than $30/head sushi buffet, includes appetizer, you can't go wrong. The service was good, but expect to wait a bit when around dinner time. I loved their sake, it's half price during happy hour!This is pretty gorgeous place to have Japanese sushi and sashimi for lunch and dinner. The lunch menus with decent price. You can enjoy all you can eat sushi anytime for about $25. The service is great and I love the atmosphere.I tried out Aki for All You Can Eat.  According to their sign out front, it is now 7 nights a week (before it was only on certain days.)  For $25, you get a laminated sheet of choices that include your standard apps, rolls, nigiri, and hand rolls.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was amazing (not that I was expecting this.)  I actually really liked the hand roll option, as you don't see this that often.  The nigiri was relatively disappointing, as the sushi was not properly cut, wasn't pre-seasoned with wasabi, and was just average quality overall.  
If you're a "fancy roll" fan (I am not, generally) the AYCE option probably isn't for you, as the rolls are only standard 1 or 2 item rolls.  If you like handrolls however, it's a good deal.  If you're in a fat kid that likes sushi mood (which I often am) then Aki is a solid option.I went here for the first time with a friend in the middle of the week when it wasn't crowded. There were only two other couples dining in. Within ten minutes of ordering our food we were given the wrong plate, not once but twice. In a row. Having worked in the food service industry, I understand that this could happen and I probably have done it a few times... But there were only three tables to serve. I'll give the servers the benefit of the doubt and say that it might have just been an off day for them. It's all good! My friend and I were moreso laughing instead of complaining. 
I was slightly disappointed but the food was still pretty good. I'd probably come back. They should add a dessert option to the all-you-can-eat sushi section.Five stars for the food, one star for the service. I came here with my partner for the all-you-can-eat sushi, and I had a $40 groupon credit that I applied to our order. 
I respectfully told the server in the beginning of our visit that I had a groupon. He responded coldly and quickly that I couldn't apply it to booze and tax. Cool I understand that - I wasn't planning on skimping on his tip if that's what he was worried about. I work in the service industry so I get it. 
Like I said the food was great as always but the service was terrible. The server seemed like he hated his job and hated us. I felt super uncomfortable the whole time. 
The server didn't mention the happy hour - in fact he charged us full price for the two servings of sake we ordered.  I left feeling confused and aggravated - I'm not a rude customer, and there was no reason for us to have such a bad service experience.I've never eaten here for dinner but the lunch special is one of the best deals in the city. Ok, so I'm cheap when it comes to eating out and I never eat (rarely eat) Japanese dinner because it's so expensive and you can do so much better at lunch. On that note, Aki has a great lunch 12 effin' 50 for three rolls with soup or salad. Here's the best part, the owner and the staff know that I only come for lunch and they're always super nice.If your looking for quantity over quality...then go here. They offer a lunchtime all you can eat sushi bar but the sushi just isn't great.The ash gray haired colored lady will only sit u on the tables if u r white but if u r colored u have to wait even though there are 5 tables open, expect to wait long for your sushi whether you get the AYCE or ala carte menu, so we really wanna try it tonight we ended up seating at the bar because she said there are no tables but after we sat at the bar and there are 2 white couples they got seated right away on the tables and they dont even have any reservations coz i can hear the lady asks them how many were their party. Haaay!!!! They only have 3 sushi chefs  when they know AYCE is gonna be busy haaay this place sucks, the other tables got their food first so we decided to leave but the server ran after us and ask to pay for the order even when its not served this place disgusts me stay away!!! There are no managers no customer service and oh well what do you expect from these low lifesOur favorite sushi place in Philly!
A little bit towards the expensive side, but it is worth it!The have a great variety of specialty rolls here. The Geisha and Samurai rolls are amazing. The basic rolls are well made with fresh and tasty ingredients and were just as enjoyable. I absolutely love their Red Bean Tempura ice cream. Seriously I crave that stuff way too often! A member of my group doesn't do sushi and was pleased with the chicken teriyaki bento box. I don't think you will be disappointed in this place.I went back, the sushi wasn't that great, and I realized all you can eat is always a bad idea.We had a horrible experience at Aki few days ago. Sushi was not fresh, it tasted like metal, service is slow and they say it's 26$ all you can eat but they will charge you extra 10-15$ for each sushi roll if you didn't finish it. I was stuffing my face with roll that were really bad just to avoid getting charged $15 extra if I leave some pieces. Never go there pleaseI live nearby and Aki is my go-to takeout joint when I'm craving a maki roll.  I've never eaten at the restaurant itself so I can't speak to the service per se (though a couple of the hostesses I've dealt with are sometimes slow and stuck up).  The quality of the rolls themselves is quite good for the area - the only other contenders would be Fat Salmon or Jay's sushi, but I prefer Aki.  I generally go for the typical salmon or tuna rolls and they seem fresh, well made, and reasonably priced. 
That said, I did stray and try the teriyaki chicken and was disappointed - dry flavorless chicken.  Serves me right, that's what I get from being even slightly adventurous.  Stick to the rolls or sushi and you should be fine.Not a huge sushi eater, mostly due to the small amount of food for the expensive prices, but once I found out about this place and its all-you-can-eat sushi deal for just $25 per person, I had to check it out.
Very chic and trendy indoors (not what I expected), with a bar and comfy velvety seats.  Our waitress was accommodating, answering any questions we had and making sure to not disappear like some places that offer all-you-can-eat tend to do (Red Lobster's Shrimp Fest)
Overall, the sushi was delicious and not cheaply-made and the presentation was beautiful (the Aki Tempura with crab and wasabi mayo was my favorite), and there were plenty of gourmet options to choose from, more so than just your standard California or Philly rolls (they did offer these basics, too, though).  
The "specialty" ones are delicious and you get plenty of sushi, but they do rack up an extra $2 each, so be forewarned if you don't wanna spend too much.  Try at least one though, since it's totally worth it.
You can also get appetizers included in the price, like miso soup and salad and fried calamari.  The fried calamari was just okay, nothing to write home about.
The only qualm I had was how long it took from ordering to actually receiving the food.  It was a Friday night, it was busy, and sushi is an art form that can't just be thrown together, so I totally understand why it took so long.  It's just that you become full when you're left to digest and wait in between your sushi rolls.  I feel like I could've eaten more and taken better advantage of the $25 deal if I didn't have time to digest properly (that sounds unhealthy, I know, but I take "all you can eat" literally).
Will definitely be back, preferably during the afternoon for lunch or for dinner during the week when it's not so packed.Aki was just ok, I eat quite a bit of sushi and like to try new restaurants when I travel.  The fish did not seem real fresh to me. It did not smell but the color was and texture was not what I have come to expect in good sushi restaurants.Purchases Groupon deal. I Figured that  it was worth a try, but was that a big mistake. Received the first sushi rolls, noticed how thinly sliced the salmons were, the soft shelled crabs was soggy, the rice on the sushi was hard the top and soggy on the bottom causing the sushi roll to break apart when moving it to my plate. Ordered chicken gyoza, which was so soggy and bland. If you're looking for fine sushi or quality sushi, this is not your place. The lemon water that they provided did s better job satisfying me because it helped washed down this disgusting sushi from this place. 
We agreed to pay an extra $10 for the sushi we couldn't finish than continue eating it and then tossed it in the trash down the blockGood service BUT the orders were coming too slow so I had to stay more than 1 hour to eat only three dishes.
Only the fast thing was giving me a check.I've been to Aki a bunch of times because the sushi is fresh and the service is good.
The all you can eat sushi special is great.  A word to the wise-order a lot when you do place your orders for all you can eat.  For some odd reason it seems as though they wait to come back to the table when you get the all you can eat special.
One CON about this place is that every time I order the warm house sake it has fruit flies in it.  The first time it happened, I got a fresh one sans fly, I went back a different time.. again with the fruit flies.  I went last night and tried once more... and yeah, again with the fruit flies.  I've pretty much learned my lesson at this point.
Will I go back for sushi?  Sure.  Sake. NO!Love this place! Fresh sushi, good cocktails, friendly service, and they're open late.Received a groupon for my birthday and decided to try this place out about 2 weeks ago. Aside from one particular special roll on the "all you can eat" menu, everything was great and our server was even better! He was attentive and funny at the appropriate times, just a pleasure to be around. One thing I wish that could be improved upon would be how they manage the front end/hostess section. Even after making a reservation for a time that we were early for and in a not so crowded restaurant, we still had to wait 10-12 minutes and it got cramped when other patrons came in. Other than that, another good sushi spot!I've been coming here for several years now, and I must say that the All-You-Can-Eat sushi for $27.95 is quite the steal. The appetizers in particular are extremely good and well worth the trip on their own.  For the most part, the fish is very fresh and the rice is cooked perfectly.  On a few occasions, the rice has been somewhat underdone or overly flavored with rice vinegar, but I'm willing to let that slide because, for the most part, the food is very good.
With that said, I cannot excuse the service at this restaurant. I have been here when it's completely packed and when I'm one of three parties in the restaurant, but no matter the situation, the service is (typically) abysmal.  My last visit last night was the worst so far.  The restaurant was not crowded at all and our food arrived very quickly, but we had to ask three times for the tea we ordered, twice for small plates to share, twice for soy sauce, and even after asking twice, two items from our order were never delivered.  Our waitress seemed either forgetful or she just did not care -- we actually had to ask another server to speak to her before we received the plates or the tea.  
This is not the first time this has happened here, either -- in the three years I've been coming here (admittedly always drawn by the good food and the hopes that for once, the service might be good) I've had to practically beg for anything that didn't come expressly from the sushi bar (drinks, extra sauces, etc.) 
I usually don't write angry reviews, but I think I've had enough bad experiences with this place that it's time. The food is fabulous, though (most of the time.)Oh, Aki.
In terms of the affordability + quantity equation, Aki kicks some ass.  You can get the All You Can Eat for 25$, and the menu is fairly inclusive (comparable to what I've seen at other places, for sure).
I have been here twice and ordered the smorgasboard both times.  The first time was incredible.  The fish was really fresh, and their flavors just POPPED.  The spicy rolls have a little bit of a crunch, which is really nice, and I waddled out feeling really well fed and blown away by this little gem.
The second time was a let-down.  The fish was noticeably less fresh, which makes all the difference.  My dinner partner and I compensated by trying out some of the offered appetizers: miso soup, the chicken skewers, the pork dumplings.  They were pretty tasty (I'm tempted to go back during happy hour and order only the fancy appetizers, thanks to some of these reviews).
Service here can be touch-and-go.  When I make up my mind to plunk down thirty some bucks on one dinner, I don't mind slow service because I don't mind stretching the experience out.  Aki feels perpetually understaffed, even though three folks working the floor (it's pretty cozy inside) should be more than enough.  Sometimes they dim the lights A LOT, which was just baffling.
Being completely and utterly broke, I have to love this place for the affordability and convenient location, but the quality can vary.Everything I have had here is good. The sushi is all fresh. Good drink and sake selection. I had the all you can eat sushi! It's super delicious and worth it in my opinion. You get a good selection of rolls plus apps! You have to finish your plate though, so don't over order. 2 of us got the all you can eat and then we were able to share different rolls.Great spot for sushi! We had a Groupon so it made our food a killer deal. The staff was really nice and the sushi was delicious! They have a seating area right when you enter with a bar and then a slightly nicer restaurant style seating area towards the back.  The front window opens up to a main street and there's lots of good people watching. The portions of fish were pretty big! We will definitely be back.Worst food I have ever ordered.  The vegetarian spring rolls were definitely a frozen variety and they were mushy.  The seaweed salad was probably defrosted over a week ago.  The maki rolls were poorly assembled and the rice was mushy and crunchy and most likely a day or two old.  The fish was also stringy.  The vegetarian ramen had egg noodles in it which the server denied.   If you have a Groupon the half price appetizers for happy hour does not apply.  The food was so disgusting I hardly touched it.  Hope I don't get food poisoning.Always come here for the all you can eat special. The sushi is always fresh and the service is very attentive. They ask that you don't waste food like most places and they do try to bulk up your sushi portions with a little extra rice to make you fuller faster. I love the salmon hand rolls and anything spicy. For $28 it's reasonable for AYCE and no one else in Philly will do that. You'll have to down to northeast to sushi kingdom or over the bridge for Tokyo in Deptford to find better deals on AYCE.A friend and I each did the three roll lunch platter. I got the spicy yellowtail, eel avocado and California roll. The sushi was good. It had plenty of flavor but wasn't fishy. The platter looked as good as it tasted. Well worth $12.
I look forward to coming back here.I'm usually a big fan of Aki. They have a really decent happy hour I've brought several different people here over time. Their tuna pizza is delicious and the drinks are pretty strong. Also,  they have all you can eat sushi how can you go wrong with that?
Well apparently you can. Stopped in here midday one day last week. There were 2 patrons at the bar area but no employee to be seen for a good two minutes. Granted it was between lunch and dinner. When he did show up he was very nice and it seemed he was taking care of everything front of the house. The service was brisk we received our appetizers at a very good pace. It's worth mentioning that the tuna and salmon in my sashimi appetizer was way too cold and didn't taste very fresh, the texture was off. That on its own is not a huge deal.
The problem started when the server, I think his name was Dave, went on break and a female server took over for him. She was absolutely horrendous!!! I watched her spend a good 15 minutes mopping/ messing with the mop in the bar area. Her service was extremely slow and spotty. We ordered fish and vegetable tempura and the fish was bad. We informed her of that and she retorted with we're probably not used to the flavor of white fish. C'mon I'm here eating raw tuna and octo do you really think I don't know what cooked white fish taste like. She could have just lightly apologized and that would have been alright. 
Honestly I would have left zero tip if it were not for the fact that the 1st server Dave would have been penalized for her terrible service and etiquette. DINERS BEWARE OF COOKED FISH at Aki!!!I would recommend this place!! :) I am a tough critic of sushi so 5 has to be top notch but this place is close! Friendly and quick service. Pricing was typical for what I pay in NH for sushi so that was nice. I expected the prices to be higher because of the city size. I plan on coming back to Philly again this year and this place will be on my list to return to :)I am not impressed with the service. My friend and I went there for lunch at around 2 pm and the place wasn't crowded. There were only 3 tables (counting us) yet the food was so slow to come out. We ordered a sushi combo which has a salad or a miso soup with it but the the waitress didn't even bother to ask us which one we would like. If my friend didn't ask her, she wouldn't have bring the side dish for us at all.
The food was good but not exceptional. I can find other Japanese places with good food and better service.Keyword here .. Value.
For budget-constrained sushi lover, we leave good sushi restaurants just not quite satisfied ... or with a burning hole in the wallet. For me, the typical order is a bowl of Miso soup, a couple of appetizers to share among the table, two rolls, and a few pieces of nigiri (can't resist white tuna or unagi). That will typically leave me spending about 10-15 bucks more than my student loans budget would like to allow. 
Aki's all-you-can-eat option is the perfect optimal for this dilemma. $26.95 for your own custom set Japanese appetizers, nigiri pieces,  sashimi, and rolls. The quality is good. Not "Giro Dreams of Sushi" good obviously, but definitely the kind of quality that leaves you disappointed. Plus, free Spicy Mayo
A few beefs: 1) the recent price hikes by 4 dollars, 2) the thickness of the slices in the sashimi appetizer (pro tip - get a knife and slice it thinner yourself), 3) occasional slow service and mix-ups, which is understandable because everybody getting all-you-can-eat means everyone at the table has a long customized list of similar but not exactly the same, items.I have been here several times over the past year and have noticed a definite decline. Started with dust on all the bottles and around the bar, then moved on to the freshness of the sushi. The motivating factor for me writing a review was the ginger that came with the sushi was rotten. Considering the pickled ginger was rotten, I can only imagine the fish. Nothing was done when I mentioned it to the server. The bad ginger was even packed with my leftovers :-/ Won't be coming back here again.Some friends and I came here for All You Can Eat sushi the other night. At $25 pp, we thought it was worth a try. So here's how it works - you order as much salad, miso soup, nigiri, maki, and hand rolls as you want off of their separate all-you-can-eat menu. There are some pricier items on the menu like red clam and sea urchin that are an extra $1.50 each, but I didn't order any of those. They bring it out, and as soon as they set down your plate, they ask you if you want to put in an order for more sushi, and so on and so on. Rules are you can only order off the menu, and you have to eat all of the sushi (rice, seaweed and all) or else you'll be charged the a la carte price. 
So I start off slow of course, with a salad and some hand rolls and nigiri.  And I was surprised at how delicious they were! It was in no way a buffet, where the food is plentiful and the quality is awful. The fish was all very fresh and prepared with as much care as any other meal there. And though we kept ordering more plates, each time, they brought out a new plate nicely garnished with pickled ginger and fresh wasabi. My favorite was the eel avocado hand roll and the white tuna nigiri - which was super buttery and fresh. 
All in all, i thought it was a fun experience. The sushi was good and my friends and I had a blast trying all of the different types. I still recommend Sagami as my fav sushi place, but Aki is a whole lot of fun.I went here for lunch on a Thursday and was excited to find they had some decent lunch specials (2 or 3 rolls for a lesser price than usual). The salmon was really fatty and I couldn't eat it. Their other fish was not terrific, but manageable. I am happy to say they replaced my salmon without issue, but I was a little disappointed that it wasn't as high quality as one might expect from a Center City establishment. The wait staff was very pleasant and accommodating -- didn't seem to mind me taking a little time to finish my beer and read a book. I appreciate a relaxed atmosphere.Probably the worst sushi I have ever had. I love sushi and I eat it all the time. I love to try new places that could be a better deal and taste good. My dad had a coupon, he paid $20 and we were given a $40 credit. We decided to try it out which we regret now. When we got there, we saw they had an all you can eat menu. We Love all you can eat sushi. Of course when I saw that they had it, we had to get it. We ordered five Rolls, a few Nigiri, 2 miso soups and 2 seaweed salads. The soup came out and tasted like a bowl of sodium. This Seaweed salad was ok. Then the sushi came out. Not only was the rice hard and cold, but the avocado had gone bad. I could barely even swallow the sushi. Of course my dad still wanted more after finishing the disgusting plate so we decided to get 2 sashimi appetizers, assuming each would only have one piece since it didn't say, and another roll. The sashimi was tuna. The tuna was stringy and tasted like it had been frozen and just came out of the freezer. It was disgusting. I could barely eat it without almost throwing up. When our other roll came out, I made my dad try it first. It was so bad, he started laughing and crying. In conclusion I would recommend not going there.Decent sushi, service left something to be desired. We had to wait a long time to be seated, actually approached, and then served. However, once we were, the waitress was very nice and did recognize that we waited a while. She comped us free soup/salad and ice cream to make up for it. Good sushi that doesn't result in a high bill overall (in Philly) is tough to find so I do recommend going here, but maybe not at a peak time. I came on a Sunday night which I didn't think would be. Only true complaint was another waitress complaining about our waitress and overall passive aggressive attitude of the entire front of house, other than our server.I went to Aki between classes the other day with 3 friends. Let me start with saying that I felt sick for about 24 hours afterwards, and so did one of my friends (we both happened to order the spicy yellow tail, which is why I believe the other 2 didn't feel "as" sick).
Oh but that's not the best part! What goes with a place full of raw fish better than flies? And bad service? Want to know how the two intersect?
So we're having some sake. Yes I said we went between classes, which necessitated the sake. The tiny bottle was gone in less than 2 rounds and in the last half shot glass full came with a gift, a FLY FLOATING DEAD IN THE SAKE. 
We called over the waitress, pointed out the fly. She did not apologize she just said "oh, I'll get you another glass" and brings a fresh EMPTY shot glass. We looked at her and I said "that was the last of our sake, do you think you could fill her up". She gave me an attitude-filled sigh, took the glass, filled it up about 1/3rd of the way with sake, and brought it back with even more attitude!
NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN. IF YOU READ ONE PART ABOUT THIS REVIEW READ THE PART ABOUT THE RUDE SERVICE AND FLIES IN YOUR ORDER.This place was simply a disappointment. It has been on the list for awhile, so we made a reservation. We arrived on time, to be informed that it would be a five minute wait. After nearly 20 minutes, we were seated. It was at this point we attempted to order drinks, and they were out of everything we ordered. As our next mistake, we attempted to order sushi (you know, the reason most people go to the restaurant). Then we learned that the sushi would be "delayed", due to a large party. We had finally learned our lesson and walked out.They get 4 stars for the food, but I took a star off for the ridiculously slow service. I ordered takeout, they said it would take 15 minutes, so I show up 20 minutes later. It takes them another 15 minutes to get my food out - no big deal, it happens. Next time I order, again they say 15 minutes. I wait 30 minutes before heading over - again, it takes them 15 minutes to get me my food, 3 times longer than they said it would!
Don't come here if you're in a rush
EDIT: Bumped it back up to 4 because it hasn't happened recently.I went there with friends for happy hour and it was totally worth it!  A lot of their apps were 1/2 off, and delicious.  We had the gyoza, tuna tartare, different sashimi and rolls, and their ceviche.  My favorites were the yellowtail sashimi and tuna tartare- the fish was very fresh and tasted just right.  The gyoza was a huge portion - we would have been ok ordering just one since it came with six dumplings.  In truth, everything was delicious, and you can't beat the price.  Their cocktails were also very good - we tried the pomegranate lychee martinis and something sake-based.  Both were great -- not too sweet.  It was not too packed, and the ambiance was very relaxed.  Their booths offered a bit more privacy, but the noise level was not too bad even at full capacity.  Will definitely return for happy hour!I wouldn't say this is the best sushi place around with Raw and Fat Salmon being so close but it does the job.  It's relatively inexpensive, the servers are all friendly and it's clean.The service was incredible.... however, the sushi is subpar. We chose the all you can eat option, however, I felt like each roll was very different and very dry. This is my second time attending Aki and I felt like I was eating left over sushi. The best thing is that there is a bar and the aesthetic is quite pleasing but if you love sushi as much as my boyfriend and I do.... this is not the place for you.The service was so/so, the sushi was good, but for eight dollars the pour I received of Cabernet sauvignon was laughable.
The lunch menu seemed pretty nice. Too bad I was there at 7PM.I've been to aki for AYCE sushi. It was delicious. Today, I called in a pick up order and was told it will be ready in 15 minutes. I was running late out of work and got there 30 minutes late. The hostess said it was going to take another 10 minutes. I get my food and as I'm walking out, the hostess says "they messed up and we gave you an extra roll". Thinking this was so generous of them I thanked them and walked out. I originally ordered a spicy salmon and a spicy tuna. I got spicy salmon, salmon skin, and a philly roll (the one that they added extra). I'm sad I didn't get the tuna roll. This is the closest sushi to my house, I think I have to venture a little further next time.Decent sushi, all you can eat so I can't complain. Fried calamari is pretty good. But you can tell they cheap out on the sushi.. Got an eel avocado roll and it's like a tiny sliver of eel and 90% avocado.Decided to write a review after some weeks when I came here for dinner. So I got the AYCE and the sushi selection was limited to very basic rolls. When the order came, the rolls does not look eye catching. Maybe it was because the night was busy and the chefs were trying the best they could but even the sushi does not taste fresh. I had the mango roll and there wasn't much mango to it. Overall maybe it was a bad night but I would try this place one more time and order from thr menu instead of the AYCE.Very delicious sushi. Happened to have a groupon so figured I'd head into the city. We eat at a local sushi place and can be a bit picky. Prices were slightly higher than our usual spots in NJ but quality was fantastic on the fish. I got a roll called Ocean Commotion and it was sooooooo good. It was tempura white fish and sweet potato topped with avocado. Sort of like a smaller godzilla. They had very delicious looking and unique special rolls, I get tired of seeing the same things everywhere. I lucked out and got a rainbow roll accidentally for free because they gave me the wrong roll. It was very good but nothing compared to the ocean one. I would go back again when in Philly. It was very busy that night but food didn't take too long and waiter was nice even though the had to move quickly. They have all you can eat for more than where I am but quality on the special rolls is better, some have real crab.Came here because we heard of this 25 dollar all you can eat sushi. The waitresses can be rude at times, but I don't blame them. Its pretty hectic, everyone running around delivering food to tables constantly.  The sushi itself is decent. In addition to ordering sushi, the menu also includes things like miso soup and shrimp skewers. The only complaint is that they make the sushi with alot of rice in it. Probably so that you get fuller easier. The fish is ok, although not super fresh.
If your looking for a place to chow down on alot of sushi, I guess this is the place to be.I went here for the all you can eat special, but I quickly found that they definitely sacrificed quality for quantity.. and it's annoying that they force you to eat everything (or else you face a $ fee...).. 
The special rolls were actually really good, and the appetizers aren't bad.. but everything else was lacking. I asked for the red clam nigiri, but it was horrid.. it was thick and rubbery and warm.. almost impossible to chew.
I really want to rate higher, since the special rolls were really good.. but the other experiences were just that bad..
In short, I would only ever order the special rolls (and an appetizer). The all you can eat is not worth it..