Serious shoutout to the exceptional service here for hosting large groups. We had many changes to our reservation, from 6 to 12 people, and the service was polite, patient, and wonderful considering we were a BYO group (maybe NYC service has just jaded me....)
Food pretty good for the price, albeit a little salty. We came for dinner this time and while I much prefer the brunch items, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the lamb. Obviously the best perk about coming for dinner is BYO.This place is amazing!!! The almond-crusted french toast = OMG. It was not too buttery or too sweet (I normally don't like french toast much because it always tastes so buttery inside and the texture was just too soft for me). But THIS french toast, wow... The whipped cream was really thick and fresh (the berries were okay, kinda mushy, but whatever). My sister thinks this was the best french toast she's ever had, even better than Sabrina's! 
The shrimps and grits dish was great too. I really liked the shrimp, and the grits was pretty good. The brussels sprouts were pretty good too but a bit sweeter than I would've liked (what with figs and candied walnuts). And it wasn't salty enough for me. It was a tapas dish but was quite big, basically like an entree. 
This was a great, very filling brunch. We were already full after the french toast and the shrimps and grits. We probably shouldn't have gotten the brussels sprouts, but everything was delicious here. There weren't many people (I don't think it's as well-known as other brunch places, and it isn't near bakeries/cafes, like brunch places in Center City, so it was a bit too isolated for people, but I like how it's not crowded here. Kind of like a hidden gem). The house interior was really nice, clean, and spacious but also cozy.One of my favorite restaurants, great flavors and spices. You must go for brunch and have the shrimp and grits and order extra grits, they are that good! I like every item on the menu, the flavors are unique and the portions are perfect. I would suggest making a reservation because the resturant is small and popular, plus it's a byob.Chicken and waffles was flavorful and very well presented. It is a BYOB so don't forget your champagne for the mimosas - The bartender was nice enough to give us complimentary mimosas though.Went here a couple of weeks ago after passing it on the Trolley a million times!
I will say that the service here is amazing - our server immediately noticed our table was wobbly so she found reinforcements.  She was kind, considerate, and got our check ready quickly when we realized we lost track of time and were running late.
I liked the decor and the look of the food as well - pretty fancy without being stuffy.  The fried pita-ish looking strips were gorgeous and very ... modern cuisine.  Cool!
Our entree and appetizer were not quite what I expected - we had the fried artichokes and the vegetable tagine.  The artichokes could have used more seasoning and we used the mustard-y dipping sauce to pep them up.  The tagine came with what looked like large-pearl couscous (it even mimicked acini pepe pasta) and the sauce was more tomato-based/acidic than the deeper-flavored sauce am used to.  
So I will say the experience overall was A-OK, as I am not running back for more, but would go again and try some more dishes.Surprisingly Good...didn't think I would much like Morroccan, but it was very good...I had the chicken & shrimp, the Wife had the salmon with a shared small plate for an appetizer (which could have a enough for one!)...will definitely return...I visited Aksum this past Sunday for brunch with a group of 8. We ate outside on the side walk. The food was really great and was a great portion size. Although we didn't bring any, the restaurant is byob. 
The staff is really friendly and the manager accommodating. However the service could use some work. They couldn't find our reservation, tried to sit 8 people at two tables and crowd us around it even though there were free tables available, messed up our orders, and the bill. 
Perhaps going with a smaller party is better.  The food is definitely worth a visit up on Baltimore.There will never be enough BYOBs in the world, so I love that another one cropped up in my neighborhood. I came here with 2 other people on a weekday night, and it was all we could hope for and more. The casual service and the classy decor seem at odds with each other, but once we stopped expecting the super-swank treatment, we enjoyed ourselves.
None of us were hungry, so we shared a couple of tapas. There was no pressure to order more, and we thoroughly enjoyed the food. I wouldn't expect something as simple as a strawberry and avocado salad to be notable, but the one at Aksum is super tasty. I could eat five of those. 
Our server (I want to say her name was Maggie, but I'm not 100% sure) was fantastic, and made the night that much better. We will definitely be stopping by again.I went to Aksum during their opening week. At that point, they largely had a test kitchen. It was alright. It was a test menu: a few sauces, meats, and starches were being mixed around. 
Last night, I'm hopeful that Aksum will continue to provide quality food at a reasonable price in our neighborhood.  My friend initially ordered fried calamari to share. So rarely is this a good move in a restaurant, I was thrilled to have succulent, delicate, and flavorful little fruits of the sea. 
We all had the special, grilled cod on a bed of shiitake and faro,  in a lemon cream sauce with a few roasted asparagus stems. It was great. Really great. The asparagus and the faro had real texture, just on the right side of chewy. The cod was cooked wonderfully. Our service was a bit inconsistent, but this issue aside, I was thrilled by my experience. 
If you  live out west but are thinking of going to a BYO in Rittenhouse, consider Aksum one of these times.Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
A great neighborhood BYO with really good food and great service. The food is so reasonably priced, it's tempting to order too much.  We had a special - crab bisque that was mildly spicy and delicious.  All the other appetizers we ordered were great, and the main courses were generous and tasty.
The chef even comped us a delicious dessert. 
We're tempted to go back...everyday
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.Aksum is a great addition to the West Philly brunch scene!  It's nicely decorated, and has a really nice low-key atmosphere that's a nice change from the usual packed brunch craziness.  
We started of the meal with complimentary mimosas.  I'm not usually a huge mimosa fan, but I really enjoyed mine - it had the perfect ratio of champagne to orange juice, and the orange juice tasted really good (I was afraid of low-quality artificial tasting juice since it was complimentary).  
Aksum's brunch menu is really unique, and I love that they take traditional brunch and give it a Mediterranean twist.  I had the griddlecakes, which came topped with blueberry compote and a side of sausage and eggs.  The griddlecakes were delicious, and the blueberry compote was the perfect compliment - I loved that they gave a generous amount of compote so I didn't need any syrup.  I got scrambled egg whites, which were some of the best I've had!  I also tried my friend's dish, which was poached eggs in a tomato based broth that reminded me of a cioppino flavor.  Also delicious, and definitely unique.  The twice-fried potatoes have tons of flavor and a great crunch. 
The service was great, and I really appreciated that one of the waitresses was so nice about taking a picture of us.  My only complaint is that the Ipad method of paying (via credit card) is really confusing, especially if you're splitting the bill with other people.  I would suggest giving people the option of a traditional credit card bill if possible.Aksum Cafe, a b.y.o.b. with Mediterranean flair, opened to the public this past Wednesday. I was lucky enough to have dinner there on Friday. 
The Mediterranean theme at Aksum is demonstrated through its menu and preparation. The decor is open air: windows overlook Baltimore Avenue and are usually open. Ordering makes the most sense tapas-style. Two diners would be wise to split two small plates and one large plate. Small plates include salads, grape leaves, hummus, calamari and pita wraps. Large plates include orzo (with or without chicken), rosemary chicken or lamb chops with mashed potato in addition to several seafood dishes. 
My dinner companion and I split the house salad and the rosemary chicken. The one disappointment of the evening was the house salad, which was a bowl of lettuce and feta cheese. The dressing was quite tasty (lemon juice, olive oil, pepper and other spices) but at $7.50 it was a bit pricey. We probably should have gone with one of the more enticing salads. The rosemary chicken was stellar. This chicken was grilled well in a smoky, savory au jus with creamy mashed potatoes and grilled, sauteed asparagus. 
Service was excellent. Diners can pay with cards using an iPad which is cool and efficient. Please note that although there is a bar, it is a hookah bar and Aksum is still very much a b.y.o.b. I will have to come back and try the hookah as well as sample some of the desserts.
For a restaurant open for only three days, Aksum Cafe impresses. Grab a bottle of wine and give this place a shot!Get's very crowded very easily. I have a lot of  BYOs there and they're very good at accommodating, they just need more room for large groups. 
The food is always great and the servers are knowledgeable about vegan options. I recommend the Med Plate- I get it every time.This place is amazing!!! The almond-crusted french toast = OMG. It was not too buttery or too sweet (I normally don't like french toast much because it always tastes so buttery inside and the texture was just too soft for me). But THIS french toast, wow... The whipped cream was really thick and fresh. My sister thinks this was the best french toast she's ever had, even better than Sabrina's! 
The shrimps and grits dish was great too. I really liked the shrimp, and the grits was pretty good. The brussels sprouts were pretty good too but a bit sweeter than I would've liked (what with figs and candied walnuts). It was a tapas dish but was quite big, basically like an entree. 
This was a great, very filling brunch. We were already full after the french toast and the shrimps and grits. We probably shouldn't have gotten the brussels sprouts, but everything was delicious here. There weren't many people (I don't think it's as well-known as other brunch places, and it isn't near bakeries/cafes, like brunch places in Center City, so it was a bit too isolated for people, but I like how it's not crowded here. Kind of like a hidden gem). The house interior was really nice, clean, and spacious but also cozy. Good for romantic dates too.The food is always excellent here.  It's a very small restaurant so the atmosphere is pretty intimate.  The brunch menu is amazing! I think I've had almost everything on it and I would order everything again.  So delicious. It does get quite crowded for brunch so I would make a reservation if that's even possible.  The chicken and waffles are so delicious! I also loved the Moroccan eggs.
I've been for dinner a couple of times as well and the food has always come out amazing.  My favorite things were the brussels sprouts, and the mussels. I've been here many times and am always excited to go back- I've already decided what I'm getting next time I go for brunch. 
The service has always been good as well.We had Brunch with the ladies here today.  The food here was amazing.  I had the infamous Moroccan chicken and waffles, spicy crab omelette, and the lollipop lambchops... everything was delicious and my auntie loved the ice tea sangria.  Our waitress was awesome too. I'll definitely be back xoxoxoIt's Mediterranean, but think of it as African Mediterranean. It's super fresh and tasty, but definitely has the spices and seasonings of the other part of the Mediterranean that you don't think of when this particular area is mentioned. And it's great. The hummus was one of my favorites I've ever had. Their tuna salad special had huge chunks of ahi, fresh avocado, tomato, radish, olives, etc. I loved it all. Also, it's BYOB! And no corkage fee!Food: 5 stars
Service: 2.5 stars
My partner, Brian, brought me here for my birthday on January 5, 2013. After an afternoon ice skating at the river rink, and drinks in Old City, we arrived at Aksum a few minutes after our 8:30pm reservations and were seated immediately.
Neither of us had ever been, and while I reviewed the menu I looked here on Yelp for any tips that might help me make a dinner decision. A hungry hungry pescetarian I was, and with no prior experience ordering Middle Eastern or North African food, I did not want to take chances. The reviews here are, as you see, a hard mix of love and loathing for Aksum and helped eliminate some options. We decided upon:
Fattush Salad and Fried Calamari to share, to start
Jumbo Shrimp Pil-Pil for me
Red Snapper Alexandria for him
Paired with our bottle of Vernaccia Di San Gimignano (BYOB)
The appetizers arrived ridiculously fast. The calamari, perfectly sizzled, seasoned and sauced. The salad, a refreshing cool compliment to the squid. More! More!
Our server, a young woman whose attitude was neither here nor there, delivered the entrees minutes after our appetizers. The snapper was a sizeable filet presented beautifully, and the delicately sauced, spicy shrimp flanked the edges of a mound of sticky, creamy jasmine rice. 
It is atypical for me to clean my plate in a restaurant. There's typically too much of this or that, and not enough sauce. This dish broke my rules of "there must be sauce for me to finish it," because it was just that delicious. The texture of that rice was unlike any I've ever had. Nom nom nom.
There were several larger parties chattering at high volume during the bulk of our meal, so by the time they left we were finishing up our entrees and the change in atmosphere was a nice relief. As the crowd thinned out, I noticed a table near us starting a hookah, and another couple placing an order for theirs. Perfect! A little sweet smoke would solve the "I'm too full for dessert" dilemma.
9:45pm. Our waitress had not yet come around to offer dessert. We flagged her down, and when she did make her way over she looked less neutral than before. When we asked to order a hookah, she rolled her eyes and mumbled something about having to see if it was ok first. She went to the gentleman behind the hookah bar, who was preparing a pipe for another remaining table. I heard him retort to our server, "Yes. You HAVE to!" It wasn't til then that I realized that the waitress had lets-get-outta-here-itis. Are you serious? We were only asking for the very same thing that the two remaining tables in the restaurant had just recently ordered. We had been here as long as they had. It's not like we had just stumbled in off the street. And it's 9:45 on a Saturday.
Her hesitation, trip to the hookah bar, disagreement time and delay coming back, placing the order and then hookah preparation time added an unnecessary 15-20 minutes delay to the process. And of course, there was attitude when she asked what flavor we wanted. Pressure had been passively aggressively applied, and we no longer felt welcome.
Unfortunately, the server's attitudes and indiscretion really put a damper on what had been a nearly perfect first dining experience at Aksum. Rushing a hookah negates the point of having one. We did our best and got out to alleviate our discomfort.Visited this place by recommendation and Omg loved the atmosphere, courteous hostess & attentive waitress! Lamb Shank Super Tender basmati rice was delicious! And the Bread Pudding hands down mouth watering..
I'll be Back!Went for Sunday brunch and it was an excellent experience. We got there just as they were opening so we were seated immediately. You may want to consider reservations (you can book online) if you're not going to be there right at the open, because before long the place was filled.
Brunch menu has a number of winners, but the eggs seem to be the stars. Shakshuka eggs, Cowshuka eggs (Shaksuka with a large portion of steak added) and Moroccan eggs were all very tasty.What a pleasant surprise right in my back yard! I've lived in west philly for a total of 8 years and had no idea that this place existed and boy am I pissed.  A group of 6 of us when to "brunch" at 2:00pm here.  They had options for everyone in our group--a couple of pescatarians, a vegan, two carnivores and kids who'll eat anything. They had so many tasty looking options. I loved the fresh ingredients and the seasonings that I had in my dish, the Shrimp and Grits.  Actually, I haven't been to a non-southern restaurant and had good Shrimp and Grits before, so I was doubly surprised.  I was told by my table guest that the waffle, calamari, foul, and potatoes were also great.
The service was fast and efficient and the waitresses were very attentive to our water refill needs.  I would most definitely come back to this place to try the regular menu because it looked really good.
P.S. It's BYOB, so there's also that bonus fact.Great food and friendly staff = a winning combo for me!! I've tried their delicious brunch and also had the pleasure of enjoying dinner here as wellCame here for Sunday brunch with my sister. Although it was pretty packed, we were seated almost immediately. I ended up ordering the spiced shrimp and grits with a side of scrambled eggs. Have to say I was a bit disappointed with the grits. Could have been much creamier. It was very watery, and it seems like the cook just dumped pepper in it. The flavor was very overpowering. Other than that, the rest of the meal was ok. The pita bread was my favorite part! Probably would come back here again if I'm in the neighborhood.Really tasty food, and great prices - the benefit of going somewhere in west philly!This place is wonderful! I have had some awesome meals here. Sunday brunch is beautifully prepared and lacks nothing in the taste area. I've ordered take out and when I got home the presentation of my honey salmon entree appeared just as if I were dining in the restaurant. Hats off to the Owner who's vision never wavers perfection.I would have given this place 4 stars but because of the value I jumped it to 5 stars. The food had a great deal of spice and variety which was a hit with the group I was with. The staff was quick and friendly. I would highly recommend if you are looking for great Mediterranean food. Reservations are a must as it is small and a great atmosphere. Put it on the must go list!!I don't know what happened, but nothing went right with brunch today. The eggs were undercooked, the breakfast sausage was overcooked, the potatoes were cold and we waited about 30 minutes for a cup of coffee. The server was nice but distracted--things like water glasses had to be asked for. Given how busy the place is every weekend, I am really surprised. I guess my quest for a good brunch spot in university city continues!Canned dolma.  
Fantastic salad.
Great bass.
Rice that tastes like it is from a box mix.
I would go back to this place again, but it certainly isn't the top of my list.  For the price, I'd like better food that tastes more authentically homemade.  The service was fine but there were only three tables when we went.The restaurant itself is beautiful and a great setting for a summer night dinner. I ordered conservatively on the menu, getting a chicken-orzo-ey type dish. It was good but a bit underwhelming. I will be back because of the perfect setting and wide open windows but will order something more interesting. Check back for further details folks.Natalia was our server, and she was ethereal at the least. Knowledgeable and kind, she walked us through the menu and offered us more than options, but rather a cultural connection to the food we were eating. Engaging to the point of explaining the meaning and history of this restaurant's name, she left our party with her grace and presence.  The food was fantastic. The call outs were the Brussels sprouts, branzino, and chicken orzo. It's BYBO but there is a liquor store open two blocks down the street.I decided to try Aksum for first time. I called on a Sunday and the wait was about 20min. As we arrived, we were seated immediately. I had the almond crusted French toast with fruits and scrambled eggs; and it was amazing. Most likely coming back.Their scrambled eggs were definitely on point! I got their Turkish scrambled eggs. I thought it was going to be very spicy but it wasn't at all. With this dish you are able to try a little bit of everything that they offer like their pita bread, turkey sausages and potatoes. Being a Mediterranean cafe, I thought that they could have done better on their pita bread. However overall it is a great brunch place!Came on a rainy and clearly slow night.  Think that the kitchen was close to closing but neither the server, nor any management who seemed to be on the floor gave any indication.  We never felt rushed or pushed out.     We were treated promptly, kindly and professionally.   The rosemary lamb chops were incredible, and definitely try the nightly specials.  The oreo begniets were delightful and perfect.   You guys are doing it the right way and we're rooting for you.  
Our only concern would be to dim the lights a bit.    (lighting looks like a diner)
ps.    Hoping there is a liquor license in the works!!!Love that this place is directly across the street from me. Finally decided to take a stroll over for dinner. I liked the food and the ambience. I will definitely be returning. The servers were professional, but not very warm or friendly. Would love for them to work on that. All in all, I would recommend it to a friend.Aksum is one of the best brunch spots in west philly. Favorites include the almond crusted french toast and chicken + waffles. As a bonus, these dishes are highly instagrammableUpdating to say- get the French toast!!! SO delicious!!!!!! Had a special as well, the spicy crab omelet which was filled with crab dip. Tasty. I remembered from last time to definitely get the potatoes. 2 in our group had and loved the lollipop lamb special with eggs and potatoes. Very good black tea for me. Helpful service. This is our Philly brunch joint!Aksum is probably one of my favorite places to byo in Philly. I always get the salmon filet for dinner which is cooked to perfection. The better kept secret about them though is that they have the most incredible brunch menu. Every dish I have tried has been great and not too heavy like brunch can often be. They also have iced tea sangria (that you add your own wine to) which is fun if you want to have a boozy brunch. My favorite brunch dish is the sweet corn griddlecakes. The fact that it is a byo with great food and hookah makes it perfect for everyone you go with. All the waitstaff has always been very pleasant and for some reason it never seems to be very crowded. Also it is definitely a reasonably priced menu for a nicer restaurant.Amazing food! Brunch is really nice. Service is nice but they always seem really overworked and busy so it was hard getting their attention sometimes. Food is amazing though, can't go wrong with anything! We got pumpkin pancakes, the French toast, and the salmon omelette.Awarding three stars, because I have had good meals and service here, however, my most recent experience this Sunday evening was lackluster.  My partner and I first asked for a bottle opener for our beers, which was promptly forgotten, and then we ordered the lamb chops for me and the curry tofu for her.  The lamb chops were ok, but well-done and a bit tough, even though I requested them cooked medium-rare.  The curry tofu, on the other hand, lacked any flavor or seasoning at all.  It was so bland that only a few bites were taken, yet our server never approached the table to ask how the meal was.  When the server finally returned to our table to take our plates (the curry plate barely touched), I politely told her that the curry dish was not very good.  She thanked me for the feedback, but did not offer to replace the dish or to discount the bill in any way.  Ultimately, we left hungry and dissatisfied with both the meal and the accompanying service.The service was great and the Salmon Omelette was divine! Would have gotten 5 stars if the table wasn't so wobbly.
Great place to meet up with friends for a nice meal with good quality... local products.I had the veggie tangine and it was fantastic. Incredibly flavorful! I was thinking about it for days after. Server was very friendly, helpful, and attentive. Our food came very quickly, but We did wait a long time to pay, I think because we were supposed to pay at the counter, however the server never specified this. The only other downside was that it was really, really quiet.When we walked in at the fairly respectable dinner hour of 7:15 pm on a weeknight, an empty restaurant greeted us. We had the place to ourselves which was both nice and unnerving. The crowds came in within the hour, but in the meanwhile, we got to enjoy the undivided attention of the waitstaff and enough light to see by for the brief period until dusk. The lights are kept a bit too dim for my liking. The decor is pretty neat though and includes a giant set of, what appeared to be, calligraphy brushes encased in glass mounted on the back wall. 
The variety of dishes ordered came out elegantly arranged on unconventionally shaped dishes. For example, my order came in this elongated skewed rectangular bowl. Before dinner proper, we were served lightly seasoned foot-long crackers accompanied by a flavored olive oil dip. My favorite appetizer was the Crispy Cauliflower although I wasn't too impressed with the pita/hummus combo. It wasn't bad but nothing spectacular either. Importantly, the main dish (Pil Pil) had enough of a kick to warrant the "spicy" adjective given on the menu. 
The dinner portions are just enough to satiate you and might not be enough for someone with a larger appetite and/or higher basal metabolic rate. My experience at dinner was fair, but I'll need to give this place a chance to show off its brunch fare as well.Good food. Good staff. Brunch was Mediterranean chicken & waffles w/ warm maple syrup and siracha ketchup. Very tasty. Outside seating makes the place more spacious and the food came out quick despite the business being crowded. Well rounded menu with vegetarian options and just enough to NOT be overwhelming. Decent free street parking is a bonus and the neighborhood is gentrified but nice. I'll be going back.Generally pretty impressed with the place!
I've been looking forward to trying Aksum for a while now. I've heard great things about the brunch (not too sure about how it is for dinner). A friend and I stopped by at around 10:30 AM and were seated immediately (no reservation needed). 
The service was absolutely excellent and is probably the reason for my four star review (though my dish probably would have been somewhere between a 3 and 3.5 star). Our waitress was warm and genuine and happily talked us through the menu and cracked a couple of jokes. Positive service like this can go a long way!
I settled on the shakshuka eggs and my friend ordered the Monte Cristo sandwich. Presentation wise, the food was on point. Taste-wise, the dish was great-- perfectly spiced, and texture of the baked eggs was heavenly. I definitely would have liked more pita bread to dip into the tomato stew (it only came with about 4 small triangles of pita bread) and I would have liked for the tomato stew to be a BIT warmer (I have a feeling my dish was ready to go before it was served and was thus cooling in the kitchen?)
My friend was gawking over the Monte Cristo sandwich throughout our meal (I'm vegetarian so I didn't try it) but it looked beautiful and she said it was delicious as well. I did try some of the apricot jam and potatoes that came on the side of the dish, and both were beyond tasty!
I definitely will be returning to try the famous FRENCH TOAST as well as other nontraditional breakfast varieties. This is a cute spot and is definitely not frequented enough-- would love to see more people coming through!Seriously delicious!!! The Brussels sprouts were possibly the best I've had ever. So tasty and a great combination of flavors that blended nicely!! I had the scallops special and it was so good. The scallops were cooked to perfection, the asparagus was grilled nicely and the mashed cauliflower was so tasty!! My hubby had the lamb shank which was so tender and very well seasoned! Our friends enjoyed their dishes as well (the scallops and lamb chops). We both had the Oreo beignets for dessert and it we were not disappointed at all!!! So delicious. Well worth the calories!!! BYOB is awesome and the place is very nice. Outside seating on a nice summer evening with good friends and great food!! A++++++++ all the way!Walked by and decided to try it out for brunch. The breakfast was delicious and our waitress was great. Ended up spending about two hours just enjoying the atmosphere, food, and company. We will definitely be back to try the dinner menu soon.Tried it with a friend. The service was good. European style in that they server was not overly aggressive. We were able to converse without her presence becoming intrusive. The food came out in a timely manner. Our was correct and the food was great! I'll DEFINITELY be back!The food was good but I'm giving this review as someone with Celiacs who chose this restaurant because it had gluten free and gluten free optional on the menu and it did NOT uphold that promise. 
I ordered the lentil soup and the Moroccan eggs for brunch which were both listed as gluten free optional. I asked for them to be made gluten free and they were not. I had a reaction afterwards and was in pain for quite some time after my meal. 
When I asked about other gluten free options on the menu my waitress didn't have any information for me about the substitutes that would be made (like, what comes with the hummus instead of the pita). Instead she told me that she didn't really know and that they just put gluten free on the menu. Based on that info and my reaction it seems as though there's not much knowledge from the staff and kitchen as to what is gluten free and what isn't. 
She was a lovely server and I enjoyed the food while I was eating it but I was highly disappointed with the pain that ensued because I trusted the menu.Have gone to aksum a couple of times over the last year and seems to be getting worse each time. The last few times we have been hurried out of the restaurant as early as 45 mins before their closing time. They do this by turning off the music and stacking chairs which is really unprofessional. On one of the occasions, they forgot to put an order in so we had to wait 20 mins for another entree. On top of this they still rushed us to leave before their closing making us feel really uncomfortable and not having enough time to finish our food and drinks. 
Their food has also gone downhill. I was really impressed by their food but the quality has become inconsistent with the seitan being a must avoid. 
Overall this is a great concept for a restaurant but poor service and rude treatment keep this from being a place I will frequent.We shared 4 appetizers-- each one delicious. Brussels sprouts with figs , Kale spanikopita with apricots , lentil curry soup, Mediterranean platter. All highly recommended. Large Vegan and gluten free optionsA pleasant enough restaurant in Philadelphia serving mostly-authentic Mediterranean food.  However, the menu can be a bit expensive given the locale of a working-class West Philadelphia neighborhood.I couldn't do 5 stars because I prefer my lamb medium rare and it was medium well at the least. Fight me. 
I ordered the lamb chops which were good sized. I didn't even use whatever the accompanying sauces were. I also grabbed some hummus. That wasn't anything special but their pita was tasty. Even though I ordered to go, I was able to take in the ambience for a bit while I waited for my food. They are busy so there is no such thing as just walking in and being seated. MAKE RESERVATIONS. I saw quite a few people be turned away.Nice little trendy spot for an interesting meal. Great ambiance and excellent service from the waitstaff. It's a mediterranean restaurant but they also have some standard American dishes.
I went for brunch. French toast was absolutely divine. I'm allergic to almonds but they accommodated my request to hold the almonds with no problem.
Will definitely go again and try dinnerNot sure what happened here... Don't think I'll go here again. Last 4 visits here the food has been too salty and just, not good. The wait staff has changed a lot too. The old staff was fun, actually seemed like they enjoyed their jobs! Yeah, pretty much just a disappointing experience lately, the food no longer matches the price!I just got home from eating at Aksum during Dining Days.  It was my first time in the restaurant and I am definitely going to try and return.
I started with the mushroom soup which was interesting, it definitely has cinnamon in it and isn't all that mushroomy. It was a decent soup but nothing I'm ever going to eat again. Portion wise it was huge for an appetizer, so that's definitely a plus in my book. I also appreciated the fresh pita slices on the side.
For my entree I had the filet with artichokes, mashed potatoes, and asparagus. The horseradish sauce was good and reminded me of something I've eaten before but i am still having a brain fart on what it was and where.  The fillet comes out cut into strips which I thought was a bit odd but whatever. It was a *perfect* medium rare so I was completely happy! And there wasn't any over salty or peppery flavor, just a perfectly cooked steak.  The artichokes were really good. The only let down on the plate were the mashed potatoes but oh well, I still ate them all. 
Baklava for dessert, and if you were worried about the clove in the clove sauce, don't be. My plate came out only drizzled in honey, or the clove sauce tasted exactly like honey and therefore no worries about it being clovey.  It wasn't the best baklava I've had but I would eat it again.
Service. There was only one waitress which seemed to work. There were only about 12 people tonight at 8pm so she didn't seem to be having any real problem keeping everyone sorted and taken care of. You do have to wait a few minutes inbetween courses and to initially get your food but, if you're in a group it shouldn't be too noticeable.  
All in all, I wish I had known about this place sooner. One caveat is that it's rather small so probably not good for a huge group of people (I'd say it only seats about 30). AND it is a BYOB, avoid the "virgin" sangria unless you like herbal tea completely unsweetened. One of the guys at another table had some fruit juice that looked really good. I just stuck with the water.This place is amazing! Small and intimate and it is BYOB. Three of us ate brunch here and the bill was under $50. The food presentation was great and taste even better. I would recommend the chicken and waffles. The waffle was so soft and moist and the chicken was so crispy and seasoned. The portion size was huge and filling. I had my boyfriends steak and eggs and it was delicious. I would defiantly recommend this place for brunch and I plan to come back very soon!!!Amazing. My friends and I went for Sunday brunch.  We were tired of going to the same place over and over and having limited options - boring sunny side up eggs or plain pancakes.  Aksum has a really nice menu, with unique food - that can please everyone (from pancake people to adventurous foodies).  The food was really well prepared and well priced (~12 or 13 dollars average for all the brunch options).  The staff was really nice and the decor was pleasing.  Nice area and easy to get to! Really amazing experience, will be backI drove down from New York to spend the night for a conference the following day. Was looking forward to a cocktail or glass of wine with dinner, but I was dismayed to learn it was byob, ugh. Food was good, though goat cheese on salad should have been a bit more crumbly.  Splurge on a liquor license!This is an amazing place ...with a nice quiet low key atmosphere . I've been there for brunch with a group and also on a one on one and both times I was very pleased . The option of BYOB makes the experience more delightful because I am able to enjoy my meal with whichever bottle of wine I'm feeling like at the moment . I've also been there for dinner and got the shank lamb and it was so tender and delicious . My fav for brunch is the French toast it's so sweet you sometimes don't even need the syrup they offer on he side . I've made this one of my regular stops on my weekends off that I don't usually like to waste. All in all great dining experience, never wait too long to sit ( sometimes not at all w/out reservations ) and exceptional hospitality .After having brunch at Aksum and looking at Yelp later, I was pretty surprised to see so many negative reviews.  I was totally impressed with brunch there and didn't have any problems.  They have quite a selection for vegetarians and who doesn't love Mediterranean brunch?  Put anything with figs on the menu and I'm pretty much sold.
The place was pretty empty for a beautiful Sunday, but that's good for me, right?  No one hour wait like some other places.  The server was super friendly and on top of things and my food was delicious.  I got the fig crepes.  Where else in the city even has this on their menu?  Even the coffee was good. The inside is also stylishly decorated and is airy and cozy at the same time.  I also thought the prices were really reasonable and I'm not sure what it's being compared to, as being expensive.  With tip, for 2 people, our brunch was less than $30.
I also checked out  the dinner menu I definitely want to come back to try some of the non-brunch food.Good for dinner when I first went, but I didn't really enjoy their brunch as much. I ended up with their shakshuka, and while it tasted decent, I thought the chef went overboard on the spices. Afterwards, I ended up having major stomach issues. I would also be mindful that their portion sizes tend to be larger than other restaurants, so if you do visit, make sure to come hungry.I am A FOODIE who really takes my passion seriously. This restaurant is clearly an experience that you must have. The service is topshelf and the food is simply divine. Lentil soup-The best; Honey glazed salmon- To die for; Sautéed spinach and basmati rice-Wow! Oreo bengneit! Heavenly! JUST GO! OUR LABOR DAY  WAS UNFORGETTABLE BECAUSE WE WENT THERE ! WE WILL BE BACK!I'm torn on this one.  The food was amazing.  I mean, really, really amazing.  I had the green eggs and ham, my fellow diner had the baked eggs with chicken and coriander. Both were flavorful and generously portioned. The service though was rough. Our waitress forgot to take our order. When we did get to order,  she forgot to put it in.  When we got it, it wasn't completely correct. Couple that with no check back, no water refill, and another wait for the check and our quick brunch became a 90 minute excursion.  The restaurant also had a large group of women celebrating that led to two separate  broken glasses and us picking glass out of shoes, socks and pants. Such good food but maybe only takeout next time.The cutest brunch place on Baltimore. I lived on Baltimore for 6 months now and this is my first time here. How??? This is my go-to brunch spot for the next few months until I find another place that is close by that can beat this place in distance and food. I got the Turkish Scrambled eggs with no pita or potatoes and a side of avocados. The olives were so tasty and the eggs were delicious. The avocado was fresh. The chicken and waffles was ginormous.Great brunch. Chicken & waffles, almond french toast, various egg dishes. All great.We popped in for dinner after a long day touring Penn with our kids. Fantastic food and great service. We were a little surprised by the BYO wine arrangement, but I walked up to the liquor store and got a nice Zinfandel to pair with our meal and didn't have to pay the usual 100% restaurant mark-up. Overall, a strong recommendation to try this place for dinner if you are in the area.One of my favorite Mediterranean places in West Philadelphia. Although the restaurant is a little small, the food is worthwhile! The portions are huge, and the service is outstanding. I highly recommend the calamari and grape leaves for appetizers. Look for any of their specials, they tend to be unique and very tasty. One dessert I wish we had tried was the fig creme brûlée. They had run out when I went, but everyone around us had ordered it and recommended it. Overall, the atmosphere is very relaxing and the service makes the experience even better.I have been wanting to go here for quite awhile but didn't make it there until last night. Overall it was a nice experience. Decor was nice. Table drove me crazy because it was uneven and kept moving. But of course, not a deciding factor. The food is great! Great portions. For appetizer I had the spicy crab bisque. It's served with a pita that is cut up and it was really good and filling. I liked that there was enough time in between courses. Not too short or too long. Just enough for soup to settle and   and some good conversation. For entrees we had the honey glazed salmon and a spicy mashed sweet potato and green beans. Also, lamb chops with garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. Both entrees were good. You wouldn't go wrong ordering either. Dessert we ordered the bread pudding and apple cobbler. Bread pudding was good. Apple cobbler not so much. Apples didn't taste like they were baked well. They weren't tender. The skin and core of the apple was left on and didn't taste good. They used some sort of flaky bread sprinkled with sugar to top it off. It wasn't bad but there was just way too much of it. The ice cream and walnuts were good on top of it. Definitely a place worth visiting.Awesome BYO in West Philly and probably my favorite in walking distance from campus. I've never done hookah there but they have great wall-length windows that air out the place and are beautiful. I love grabbing a bottle of wine and enjoying a glass. My go-to is the grilled veggie wrap, but I've never had anything I didn't like.What a terrible experience.
I initially called Aksum 5 days in advance to make a reservation for a large party at 6pm on Friday. The last reservation I made for a large party had been cancelled, so I had them verify that they could handle a party of 15 people. They assured me they could. 
The day of our reservation, Friday, I started receiving multiple phone calls from random numbers while at work. I was unable to pick up, but I called back an hour later. A gentleman picked up, and said, "Uh, hello, what?" ...after explaining that I wasn't sure why this number had called me, he said, "Oh, yeah, can you come at 6:30 instead?" ..... I still didn't know what this person was talking about, until I had to verify. Terrible professionalism. It took me a while to re-coordinate our party to come at 6:30pm, but I was able to do it, and hence moved the reservation literally 2 hours before we were supposed to be there.
Our party walked to Aksum, which is down Baltimore from Penn's campus. We got there, and the ambiance and location were both beautiful, with Middle Eastern decor. Most of our party sat down, and two us went to the nearby store to get some wine, as the place is a BYO. They came back, and the restaurant opened our wine (and apparently threw away the corks / caps...) We were then pressured to order (from a fortunately well labeled veg-friendly menu!,) and the food came out strangely fast for that large a group, which made me wary...
I ordered the lentil soup, which was traditional pretty good, and the grilled seitan, which was painfully bad. The full description of the dish is "grilled seitan served with herb wild mushroom faro, topped with peppers and avocado." That's a misnomer. The dish was almost exclusively dry, bland faro with a sparse amount of seitan and vegetables. I was extremely disappointed. Most of my friends described their dishes as decent, though.
At around 8pm, the waiters came to our table and essentially told us to leave. Even though we got there at 6:30pm, and only got our food around 7:30pm. They said a bigger party was coming, and that we needed to leave to accommodate them. ...... Why would you book two large parties back to back? Again, a total lack of professionalism. Anyway, we asked for the caps / corks for our wine so we could take it home (..since we were barely able to drink it,) and they said they had thrown them out, but instead provided us with the tops of the bottles wrapped up with aluminum foil. We also got plastic cups to drink the wine we had in our glasses. Even though it's illegal to drink in the streets of Philadelphia. Okay, Aksum.
For payment, we divided up the check, with some of us paying with our cards, some cash. My friend and I paid with card, and wrote to charge $22 per card. Instead, Aksum charged us both $122!!!!!!!!! HOW do you mess this up? Our total group charge was only around $175... WHY would our group pay $244 PLUS cash?? The waiter who took our payment acknowledged this, but his card reader "wouldn't cancel the order, and he had to go take care of the next big party, so he'd deal with it later" so I am obsessively checking my online statement, waiting for this charge to be addressed.
Overall, I had a horrible experience here, which is a shame, because it's a unique BYO venue near University City that would attract lots of students. But the poor food and service were absolutely embarrassing.This is a great restaurant, would definitely come again! The server was very friendly and attentive. I think we ordered too much food since the entrees are pretty big. The sauces were a bit watery and the dishes are definitely on the spicy side. Even when not announced. Still, everything was delicious, from the appetizers to dessert. Totally worth it!I had a pleasant dinner here a couple of days ago. I liked the atmosphere a lot -- soft lighting with simple modern decor and huge windows looking out onto the street. I was there with my mother, but the place has a sort of romantic atmosphere and would be good for a date. Service was very friendly and attentive but not annoying, and when we got seated at a table that had a bit of a draft, the server was very accommodating about finding us a more comfortable spot.
As for the food, it ranged from pretty good to really good. Portions were HUGE! I was very impressed by the mushroom soup (which my mother ordered, but I couldn't stop stealing spoonfuls). It had a very creamy texture and a lot of cinnamon, which worked amazingly well. I would go back again just for that soup. The lentil soup (which I ordered) was nice, but nothing too special...a thick, hearty stew that could be a meal in itself. As a main, I had the vegetable tajin. It came with nice, subtly spiced large grain cous cous and lots of vegetables cooked into a very tomato-rich stew with lots of very warm, lovely-smelling spices. It was just a little spicy/hot...enough to warm your tongue a bit but nothing overpowering. I enjoyed it, but thought the tomato-y flavors were a little too strong; I'd like to taste more of the eggplant and other veggies. I was so full from the soup that I only ate a few bites before asking for a box, and the tajin made a great lunch the next day.
Overall, I left happy and curious about some of the other things on the menu. I'll be back to reorder the mushroom soup and to try some of the other plates.I've walked into Aksum before it opened on Sunday morning once. The waitress was so kind enough to let me in and let me have a seat while I wait for my friends. The service is always amazing here which makes the food taste even better :) This place is perfect for people who are not really into sweet brunch.My friends and I had a goodbye dinner here. Overall the service was pretty decent and nice decor. Here are the things we ordered and my opinions of them:
Mussels: We liked this. Cooked well with a bit of a kick!
Baklava: We all felt this was much too sweet for our taste. Pastry was nice and flaky though. 
Jumbo shrimp pil pil: I thought the shrimp was cooked perfectly, but the rice was a bit too salty. 
Lentil soup: This soup was loaded with veggies but much too salty. 
Calamari: We liked this as well as the sauce that came with it. 
Nice place, but the flavor for some of the dishes were a bit off.BYOB! And accommodating.
Atmosphere: 9/10
West Philly gem, w/ a space that opens up to the neighborhood on the warmer days. 
-------------------------
Taste: 9/10
Tried the Chicken-n-Waffles (get the sriracha for the chicken) but the Almond Crusted French Toast one of the best fresh toast dishes I've ever had - and I use that as a gauge on a brunch venue... it held up very well. 
-------------------------
Quality: 10/10
They used challah bread for my french toast... nuff said. (Although they did use turkey sausage for their protein... beat it. Gimme that swine.) 
-------------------------
Service: 10/10
They took our party of 10 ppl at 2PM (which turned into 230PM) and their kitchen closed at 3PM. Normally I wouldn't order food within an hour of closing, but we had no alternative. They didn't rush us or half ass the food. Very impressed. 
-------------------------
Value : 11/10
For the quality of food, it was a great deal. 10 ppl at a complete brunch w/ an extra dish and gratuity for $134... that's insane.
-------------------------
Comparative: 10/10
1 of 1. A Mediterranean brunch w/ shrimp n grits on the menu...
-------------------------
Overall Personal Opinion: 9/10
Pleasantly surprised. Glad to know it's in that neighborhood.
-------------------------
Grade: 9.71 (A)A BYO surprisingly close to Penn's campus that isn't filled with Penn kids?! Crazy.
The first time I came here, about a year ago, really late on one of the first few days of spring. I got the lamb chops which exceeded my expectations. What I really remember is that it was my friend and I's first time trying hookah-our waiter went above and beyond showing us exactly how to do it! (So, if you haven't tried hookah and are curious, why not try it here?) Even though it was late, we never felt rushed either. 
I've since come back multiple times with groups of 8+ and I feel like it's an excellent choice for a group that size. The least adventurous can get the grilled chicken while others aren't stuck. In the 4+ times I've been here, I can't remember anyone disliking any dish they got. Service is also pretty quick-no waiting around a check, which I appreciate. Also in the plus side, there is more than enough space for large groups and it's easy to hear people, even at the height of their dinner crowd on a Friday or Saturday.If you can't find something delicious here you probably need to have your tongue cut out, because your taste buds aren't working.  We seriously had one of the best meals we've had in a long time.  And our server, Jonnashea, couldn't have been better - excellent food recommendations, very attentive (even though it was really busy) and super friendly.  We had the special (steak) and the salmon (regular menu) both seasoned perfectly.  We started with the beet salad which was enough to share, and also really great.  Can't wait to go back.  Thanks Jonnashea!This place seems overpriced.  I'm the type of person who would rather spend $8-12 on dinner and go out to eat twice, than pay twice that and go out to eat once.  This place is in the "eat once" range, and it's competing against "eat twice" restaurants in the same neighborhood that, in my opinion, have better food.
Portions are small.  I find I can't get enough food to satisfy myself without spending $25-30.
The quality of the food is good, but it's not mind-blowingly amazing, and, to be blunt, some of the other restaurants in this neighborhood are.  I feel like I'm paying more for the presentation of the food and the slightly-upscale atmosphere than for the quality of the food itself.
Another comment...this restaurant falls into the classic trap that a lot of higher-end restaurants do with their seafood selection: serving the same fish I can get anywhere, salmon, red snapper, which tend to be higher-priced selections, when there are other fish that are cheaper, more sustainable, and I think taste better.  Get creative!  Stop doing things the way they are done everywhere else.  Another way you can get me to pay a little higher price is if you're doing something genuinely novel, but this place didn't really strike me as original enough to compensate for their combination of higher prices, smaller portions, and good-but-not-amazing flavor.  The other day I had an amazing catfish soup at an Ecuadorian restaurant in Upper Darby, showing genuine culinary genius.  Get some cheaper fish and find creative ways to cook them.  Maybe you could lower your prices too!  This is what will get me in the door.
Service was good, I will say that.  I see a few complaints about the service from others but I've had very good experiences.  But, I came here closer to when this place opened, and it was not on a busy night.
I'm not really that interested in going back, although I wouldn't object if someone took me here again, so long as they paid for me.Went into Aksum on a whim for brunch. FANTASTIC food! I had the French Toast with sausage and berries. It came with a mimosa! In addition, I needed to get in and out and asked for quick service and quick it was. I will definitely be back.I really enjoyed my experience at this restaurant. My boyfriend and I came here for a date night on a Saturday night. We made the reservations about an hour before at arrived around 7:45. We were seated inside by one of the tables at the window near the bar, which was really nice because the weather was nice and it was a cool breeze. We were kind of bummed because we didn't realize it was a byob, and would have grabbed some of one before coming to the restaurant. Nonetheless we enjoyed the atmosphere, the waitress was really nice, and the food was very tasteful. I ordered the salmon, and substituted the green beans with Brussels sprouts. The sweet potatoes were good but a little spicy for my taste. My boyfriend ordered the chicken and also enjoyed his meal. He also ordered the non-alcoholic sangria which he really enjoyed. Overall a great experience and we will definitely be coming back.