My husband and I were visiting Philly today and while we were between museums, we got hungry, so we stopped into this cute little place.
I got a veggie grinder and my hubby got a cheese steak, and we shared an order of fries.
Hubby said his cheese steak was excellent, my grinder was so delicious!
The best part of the eatery by far though, was Delvis, our server! He was so friendly, welcoming, and very personable, so keep it up Delvis! You made our day trip Philly very worth it! Thank you so much!
Give that man a raise!!!We ordered a south Philly pizza. Italian sausage, green peppers, onions, and mozzarella cheese.  This pizza was very tasty,  very good. The crust was light, not heavy and doughy.  If we ever return to Philadelphia, I would come back here in a minute!Stopped in for a couple of slices. A wide selection of premodern pies, Stromboli and sandwiches are on display. Counter man / pizza maker greeted me immediately. I ordered two slices of pepperoni and grabbed a bottle of water from the cooler. When the cashier was done with the couple ahead of me and viola, my slices were ready. 
Sat downtown eat, they were pipping hot, lightly sauced, lots of cheese and a reasonable scattering of pepperoni. Greasy, crunchy and tasty .  A good choice for a fast mid evening mealTourists looking to rest and have a quick bite on St Patrick's Day. We were in the area, my wife wanted pictures of the game pieces. After we were done, we stopped in for some pizza.
It had been more than two weeks since I had pizza, I may have been in withdrawals. Or it was all the steak and cheese I was tiring of.
Bonus points for having pizza ready to go! Many different topping selections pre-cooked and quick reheating all that's needed. The pizza was very good. My wife liked the mozzarella sticks.
Staff were friendly and inquisitive. We were from Massachusetts and on vacation in their fair town. "You enjoying St Patrick's Day here!" Lol ummmm.... sort of. We're from Boston. Boston is a standard for St Patrick's Day. This is okay. "Ohhhhh." #sorrynotsorry 
We enjoyed this little shop in Downtown Philadelphia.Good variety. Crispy crust! Tomato sauce is way, way, way too sweet for my preferences. Forgettable pizza. Nice staff though !Happened upon this pizzeria while we were sightseeing. The service was great and pizza even better, or vice versa. It was supposed to be only my daughter grabbing a quick slice but we all ended up trying something. She, being the most adventurous of all of us, decided to try the pasta-pizza slice. a thick crust, topped with tomato and meat penne pasta. I ordered the simple, yet delicious pepperoni pizza and my husband ordered a vegetarian sub. Everything was delicious! Totally recommend it and hopefully we can stop by before we leave to try the pasta!My friend and I were touring the Love Park with our moms and decided to stop by this pizza place and WOW!!!! Food was delicious but not only that Delvis was AMAZING!!!! Our moms speak Spanish and I think he picked that up and started speaking Spanish which made them feel EXTREMELY comfortable! No only that but from the conversations we heard from people coming in and out you can tell that they really appreciate this place and that it's an important part of the neighborhood! After being in Philly and running into unfriendly people I am so glad that our random luck brought us here because Delvis was SUPER NICE and gave ridiculously amazing customer service! Their tag line of "Enter as strangers leave as friends" was definitely accurate! Thank you!!!Very nice place. Some friends and I are visiting from California and were walking around the city and stopped in here to eat. We did not regret it. Great service and great food. Our server was named Delvis and he was the most adorable and kind server! highly recommend this place!!In Philly for an Irish Dance Competition .... Decided to order in and glad we chose Aldo and Manny... Pizza was good (better then we expected being from NYC) and wings were excellent !  And timely delivery to hotel...Will def have again when we come back next year !We went to love park and visited this pizza place without checking the reviews. I ordered only a slice cheese pizza because we only want to try it.  And we loved it! The cheese is creamy and gooey. The dough is freshly made and I can eat even the crusty side. I am not hungry because we just ate at a fast food restaurant an hour ago :D We also went there to cool down since it was 96F outside. Will definitely come back and try other flavors.A couple friends were in town for New Years Eve for a few days, and saw the good reviews on this pizza place. We ordered take out, and it turned out to be pretty good.
It was more than a few people so we ended up getting a ton of food. The buffalo chicken pizza was pretty amazing and was finished within minutes of being opened. The Caribbean Pizza was an entirely new experience. The flavor was pretty good, but the chicken seemed very processed. 
The Stromboli was also great.I'm very happy for Aldo and Manny that they have maintained their successes and have been fortunate to be able to open a second restaurant next door to their Foods on First which they have owned for years.  Now they have a pizza and pasta restaurant to complement their mini-empire!
I work very close by and was anxious to try the pizza once opened.  Today was that day.  The restaurant was clean, sat about 20, and has a full selection of pizzas ready to go for slices.  The grill is in the back for things like cheesesteaks, grinders, burgers, and grilled/fried appetizers.
I did not have any of the pasta dishes, but I'm certain that they would be just as good of quality that I could get at their other establishment next door.
As far as my pizza slices, I went with a pepperoni and a Sicilian slice.  Once they came out of the big metal pizza oven, there was a too-long wait for my coworker's fries which made the slices go a bit cold.  I should have had them put it back in the oven again.
I prefer my pizza a little well-done, but these slices were very tasty and had quality sauce and cheeses. It did not taste like pre-made chain pizza.  The Sicilian was really good and crunchy but not too much.  
They sell Pepsi products.
About $5.50 for my two specialty slices which I thought was fair.
I really want to try the meatball or chicken cutlet Parmesan grinder!
I wish the business all success!So good food I love the Food Delvis is the best server ever He get the complete servicePizza is off the chain! A quote from my NYC dining companion "this is seriously good pizza, just missing the NY tap water taste". 
We arrived at 10:30 am, they just opened and all the pies were coming out of the oven for purchase by the slice. Pepperoni / cheese was perfect and glad I tried the buffalo chicken pizza.... awesome! Service was friendly and upbeat. One request: please begin delivery to Baltimore:)Good comfort food and super laid back. Nice quick stop for something casual and easy in an otherwise bustling town. Would go again!We lucked into this yummy pizza place on our first night in Philadelphia. The greeters and servers were friendly and made great suggestions for us about portion sizes and menu choices. We had Chicken Caprese pizza which was tasty! The crust was exceptional (my fav part of any pizza). One of our party had the very generously sized Eggplant Parmesan over spaghetti noodles. The garlic bread was wonderful! My only disappointment was the pizza fries we ordered as an appetizer. The fries were soggy even before the sauce and mozzarella was added. Overall, it was a really good place to have a meal!Excellent food. Aldo very gracious. Four of us ate brought our own wine. Every dish was excellent. Desserts were not crazy sweet. I would come back in a minute.Stopped in on a whim looking for a quick bite to eat and what a delicious slice of pizza! So good we plan on getting one to take home with us after the end of our trip.What a great experience at Aldo and Manny's. We were a party of six looking for a last-minute place to eat in preparation for the Philadelphia marathon. Our server Delvis was fantastic! He greeted us warmly, shared many a joke with us, was super attentive and just made the whole experience a delight. The portions were ginormous and the food was authentic for Northeast Italian-American cuisine. I wish they had a wine/beer license but other than that I would definitely go there again to get my fix of yummy comfort food.For Philadelphia's standards this is a quality pizza place. I came here for a quick bite and was very happy with the plain slice. The crisped crust added a good extra flavor to each bite. It cost something around $2.70, which I thought was fair. They offer a good selection of specialty slices in the window counter and have plenty of tables for eating in. I'll be back next time I'm in the area.First time ordering from this restaurant and we weren't disappointed. The pizza was delivered way before the suggested time, it was pouring rain, and the grub hub delivery man was all smiles (we gave him an extra tip). We needed warm up the pizza pie because we like it really hot. This is not unusual for us to do.  We would definitely order again.My boyfriend and I were visiting Philadelphia for a few days and really wanted pizza. We came here because of the good reviews but honestly we were pretty disappointed. Instead of ordering by the slice, we ordered a whole pizza (I think it was the south Philly) but I ended up taking off all the toppings because it just didn't taste good and my bf wasn't a fan either. We also got cheese fries but they were pretty bland. Our waitress was super nice but unfortunately, the service was really slow too. We also asked to move to a different seat because the sun was in our eyes but were told we couldn't do that even though there were plenty of empty seats. Overall, we were not impressed.This little pizza shop is amazing. We were here for my 75th birthday celebration. My family came to Philly spend the day with me. After taking in the various Xmas related events we stopped in this little shop that offers table service as well as catering. Our waiter Delvis, was wonderfully attentive and I can't praise this young Temple student enough. He brought out a basket of flakey lightly toasted and buttered garlic rolls with flavorful dipping sauce. I chose the eggplant parmesan with penne pasta in a light marinara sauce. The eggplant itself was a geneous portion and I chose to leave the pasta since the eggplant alone was so filling. There was a big selection of pizza, with and without sauce, veggie pizza, and pizza with various toppings. Chicken wings and Philly cheesestakes as well as fries were among other selections at our table. Also available were various Pepsi brands, as well as root beer, and a refrigerated case with bottled drinks. We had a wonderful meal, all prepared to order, and  Delvis deserves all the praise we heaped on him.La comida fue espectacular y la atención de Valeria excelente la pizza son numero 1 si estás por la ciudad te lo recomiendo.We were in a convention downtown and looking for a place to eat and everything seemed to be closed. We decided to order pizza from Aldo and Manny. Glad we did! The pizza was great and the delivery guy was very kind. We liked it so much we ordered it again the next day!Yay decent pizza that arrives hot.  Thanks Aldo and MannyI've always ordered the Sicilian pizza and it's very good.  Crust is crispy and not greasy.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that they don't give you an option to order toppings on the Sicilian style pizza. :(I come here every time I am in Philly .
Gorgeous food . Simple , fresh , abundant .
Reasonable prices , laid back atmosphere excellentCame to Philly for a volleyball tournament, finished late.  Took a group of players and family to Aldo and Manny's.  Wonderful meal, amazing service.  They opened an overflow room so we could all sit together.  Delvis, our waiter, was great.  
Pasta meals were so good we stopped in again the next night for takeout.  Enough said.Try their buffalo chicken pizza. Always fresh, super hot and loaded with cheese and flavors! I typically dont eat pizza crust because they are bland. But I eat the crust when its from mannys because it smells good and is crunchy.Just looking for a pizza place while visiting in Philly. Very good pizza and subs. Friendly staff. Place was clean. Many types of pizza and other Italian food to choose from.Good crust, light, crispier on deeper dish, good selection of pies and slices.  Fresh shake cheese in the fridge...La atención de Valeria fue estupenda. Y la comida fue excelente gracias
Valeria's service was great and she paid perfect attention to our order. The food was also wonderful, thank you so much.This place has friendly staff and some good za!! They sell pies but also sliced if you don't want a whole pie. They look like they have some other good menu items but haven't tried any of it. One thing I wasn't the happiest with was the lack of reinforcement of masks or following covid guidelines. The place was packed and there were customers in line and ordering with no masks on. Made me feel uncomfortable as I stood in line for my takeout. I wish the staff would have reinforced guidelines because it would make me more comfortable going back.Pizza is simply alright; not terrible but not great either.  Giant slices run $5.99-$8.99.  Open late and the only thing downtown open past 11pm.  I wish I owned this place because they make a killing.  Staff is very efficient and friendly.  Discount for paying cash.  All card payments have a $1 upcharge.Let me tell you, Aldo and Manny Pizza and Pasta was magnificent. Its the ambiance that wins me over here. The menu is really wonderful, so many good choices, I had to go with Buffalo Chicken Pizza, and it was excellent. Not to mention, the service was amazing and the staff was really pleasant. I'm going back that weekend, can not wait!Fast and kind service. Delicious Meatball Parmigiana Grinder with perfect seasoning, fresh meatballs and hot flakey roll. Perfect combo! Yum!I would rate this 0 stars if I could. I came in after I called in the order for my pizza and fountain soda.
I seen at least 3 of the people in view that work there with their mask at their chin. When they had served me they pulled up their mask with their bare hand that they used to eat with, they weren't wearing gloves AT ALL. Since I had gotten there early I watched from the window just to see how they would handle my food if a customer was not present and what I saw was atrocious.  The one girl was wiping her nose on her shirt, eating fries while while waiting for the orders to be done. NO GLOVES.  When I had spoke to the manager about what happened, He tried to defend his so called workers and trashy business,  I seen this with my own eyes. This whole place is a JOKE. The owner should be ashamed, Awful place, greasy food and terrible customer service skills. BEWARE OF THIS BUSINESS.Treat you like trash if you're not white. Garbage food too better off going to little caesarsI have only tried their pizza and it was really good. The service was equally as good. I would have given them a 5 star rating but their $1 discount to pay in cash is really a $1 charge to use your credit card. I understand credit card companies charge businesses fees but these businesses should include these fees in their pricing. Carrying cash in any city is not safe. Cash also spreads germs and there is a current coin shortage. They should give a $1 discount to not use cash. But their pizza is really worth trying. I enjoyed it!!!We ordered delivery of a sampling of dishes because  I really wanted to do a thorough review. Luckily my eating partner in crime likes to share. We ordered, two slices of pizza one standard, one tomato pie type, 1 order of fries, a regular chicken cheese "steak" hoagie, and a slice of chocolate cake. There's quite a bit left, we ordered too much food and it was all quite filling. Both the regular slice and the tomato pie slice are HUGE ( please see photos). 
Service: 5/5
The folks at A&M are all really nice. From Madeline on the phone  (yes like the children's book series) to the delivery man (who was very nice and exactly on time) everyone was sweet as can be.
Food:
1 slice tomato pie with cheese.4/5 (rounding up it's really a 3.5/5 read why...) if you want cheese it's a $1 more which is fine. But like the other reviewers reported, their tomato pie-sauce is very sweet. We both enjoy ALL types of pizza but I'd  probably revise the sauce recipe for the tomato pie with or without cheese. It's far too sweet as-is and not chunky enough. The dough is crispy and a little thicker than their regular pizza 4/5
A slice of standard cheese pizza 4/5
This rating is based on a  bite (stolen by me) of a single slice of cheese pizza pie.I usually like reheated pizza better because I prefer thin, crispy crust. I agree with the other reviewers, the crust is nice and thin. It's light on the sauce and an average amount of cheese. It's a bit on the dry side but very edible for sure. Were I the pizza chef, I'd probably under bake the pies slated for single slice sales  and then finish it off during the reheat for the single slice customers. That would probably be the best of both worlds. I think the final product using that method would probably be a better quality product.
Fries 4/5
Though they came luke-warm, delivering hot, crunchy French fries packed to go in plastic or styrofoam container from over a mile away is virtually impossible . But as requested they did not add salt and after reheating for 10 min, they were perfect. 
Chicken cheese steak hoagie 5/5
You have to like tiny sliced/cubed chicken breast meat for this type of chicken cheese "steak" hoagie to work for you. The tomato and lettuce were very fresh, and the hoagie came hot on a scooped roll (as requested). The roll was the soft kind but it was definitely a hoagie/cheesesteak roll. I think the onions were sautéed separately from the chicken. We added our own mayo and sweet peppers. It was tasty, the meat was very lean and wholesome and not the least bit greasy or wet. 5/5
DARK Chocolate cake 3/5
This layered chocolate cake was moist, dark and rich and tasted like it was coated with espresso powder. My dining partner liked it but we both only had a few bites. It's not a huge slice but it's plenty to share and we left more than we ate.Would give 1-2 stars but owners hassle you until you take down the post. Downright AWFUL. 
4 stars is Ridiculous! How many bogus posts? How many fear to give 1 star? Don't be fooled!
Worst pizza I've had in decades. Have eaten pizza all around country, places where you shouldn't eat pizza, and no place worse than this. 
3 out of 4 couldn't stomach the food. 2 gave up on 1 slice of pizza. Other gave up on a couple bites of Stromboli. 
So bad that don't want to eat anymore tonight. 1 small slice is not filling, but it puts you off food for the night.Amazing pizza! We just moved here from the west coast and we always love NY pizza and this is pretty darn close!This place has disgusting food. I hate to write this review but people need to know this place is not worth 4.5 stars.  I have no idea who wrote these reviews before mine. I ordered 2 times from here.  Both were very bad.
First, ordered 2 Stromboli's for delivery.  Disgusting with no taste.
Second, I figured I'd try them again but for takeout. I made sure to time it so that the food remained hot.  I did.  I ordered a medium cheese pizza and a chicken cheesesteak. Both were disgusting.  Actually some of the worst pizza I've ever had. 
I have no idea who wrote these reviews prior to mine.  But this place has bad food.  Do not waste money and order from here like I did.  You will regret it.  
Service was good so I regret writing this review. But I have no idea how this place is going to survive.We ordered a Large cheese pizza with what was supposed to be 10 Buffalo wings. Me and my husband got super sick off this dinner. If your planning on throwing up with your significant other I recommend going to Aldo and Manny.do not but food from here ive i got food poisoning from the pizza i was sick for weeksAldo is so nice I think he is the owner of this this establishment. He gave me and my fellow rite aid coworkers free pizza. I'm not going to be bais in my review, the pizza was not super greasy and the dough was light and fluffy; you can tell that the pizza is home made. This is why I like local  food business because the quality of standard is much higher than a dominos or a little Cesar. I would rate this pizza a 8.5/10. You should support local food business in time like these, I'll definitely be stopping buy to get some more food from this place, if you see Aldo tell him Scott sent you.This is the worst pizza I had in a long time. I moved from Italy to the US three years ago, so I am used to American pizza by now. You can actually eat really good American pizza. I ordered a "Margarita" pizza, and it was literally sweet. The crust was sweet, the sauce was sweet, it was basically like having dessert. The mozzarella inside of the mozzarella sticks was hard as a rock. Maybe I was just unlucky because it's Super Bowl night and they're really busy and forgot to use any salt, but I definitely wouldn't want to try it again.We ordered delivery from Aldo and Manny of a sampling of dishes because  I really wanted to do a thorough review. Luckily my eating partner in crime likes to share. We ordered, two slices of pizza one standard, one tomato pie type, 1 order of fries, a regular chicken cheese "steak" hoagie, and a slice chocolate cake. There's quite a bit left, we ordered too much food and it was all quite filling. Both the regular slice and the tomato pie slice are HUGE ( please see photos). 
Service: 5/5
The folks at A&M are all really nice. From Madeline on the phone  (yes like the children's book series) to the delivery man (who was very nice and exactly on time) everyone was sweet as can be.
Food:
1 slice tomato pie with cheese.4/5 (rounding up it's really a 3.5/5 read why...) if you want cheese it's a $1 more which is fine. But tLike other reviewers have commented, their tomato pie-sauce is very sweet. We both enjoy ALL types of pizza . I'd probably revise the sauce recipe for the tomato pie with or without cheese. It's far too sweet as-is and not chunky enough. The dough is crispy and a little thicker than their regular pizza 4/5
A slice of standard cheese pizza 4/5
This rating is based on a  bite (stolen by me) of a single slice of cheese pizza pie.I usually like reheated pizza better because I prefer thin, crispy crust. I agree with the other reviewers, the crust is nice and thin. It's light on the sauce and an average amount of cheese. It's a bit on the dry side but very edible for sure. Were I the pizza chef, I'd probably under bake the pies slated for single slice sales  and then finish it off during the reheat for the single slice customers. That would probably be the best of both worlds. I think the final product using that method would probably be a better quality product.
Fries 5/5
Though they came luke-warm, delivering hot, crunchy French fries packed to go in plastic or styrofoam container from over a mile away is virtually impossible . But as requested they did not add salt and after reheating for 10 min, they were perfect. 
Chicken cheese steak hoagie 5/5
You have to like tiny sliced/cubed chicken breast meat for this type of chicken cheese "steak" hoagie to work for you. The tomato and lettuce were very fresh, and the hoagie came hot on a scooped roll (as requested). The roll was the soft kind but it was definitely a hoagie/cheesesteak roll. I think the onions were sautéed separately from the chicken. We added our own mayo and sweet peppers. It was tasty, the meat was very lean but and wholesome and not the least bit greasy or wet. 
DARK Chocolate cake 4/5
This layered chocolate cake was moist, dark and rich and tasted like it was coated with espresso powder. My dining partner liked it but we both only had a few bites. It's not a huge slice but it's plenty to share and we left more than we ate.I can only speak for the pasta, but frankly I felt ripped off. It was bland and the chicken was dry. So underwhelming. And for 15$... ridiculous. The worst Italian I think I've ever had. The setup of the restaurant was also very confusing and shady. I only went because it was the holidays and every other restaurant was crowded. I haven't tried the pizza but maybe they should stick with that instead.  Yikes0 STAR NASTY PIZZA NASTY FOOD YALL WILL GET SICK
Anywhere else should be better 
Worst food 
Stay healthy every one and read the other reviewWalked past this place a bunch of times so I was excited to finally order a pie. I tried a large vegetarian pizza which included toppings of mushroom, onion, broccoli and peppers. The pizza was loaded with toppings and the crust was crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside. Overall good pizza, could do a little better on customer service.I only ate here once, and only got the Stromboli so I have no idea what their other food is like. The ends were good but the middle was really greasy, dripping grease and soggy. Great drunk food probablybest pizza i've ever had in my life. seriously so good and the staff here are so nice. they really care about their community too.I had a pizza delivered on Wednesday night and it was hot and on time. Pretty good too; not the best but it's good. I would order from them again.Pizza was promised to be delivered in 30 minutes.  It took approximately over an hour.  Of course, pizza was cold.  Additionally, when I called the establishment to see the status of the delivery, the employee responded "I don't manage deliveries."  Very unprofessional and customer service was poor.
Additionally and more importantly, the quality of the pizza is subpar.  Crust seems pre-bought or pre-made.  Much better pizza places around the area.  Will not order again.Food aside (although it was very good),  this is a great to place to go on a stressful day when hungry.  The two woman behind the counter are amazingly pleasant, and nice.  They were busing, taking orders, and keeping the place clean while
seeing that patrons were taken care of.  It is so nice to see a well run place, where service seems to be first.