This was a fun place for a few drinks and some appetizers.  The wings were particularly yummy.  I like going on off-nights when I can get a booth.This is the best happy hour if you are white. I am not from philly but what I noticed was the hostess and waitresses were quick to direct all the non white folks to the back seating area while all the whites were encouraged to sit in the front close to the door. What I think is it's under the premise that whites up the value and blacks decrease the value hence place the blacks in the back. With that said at the end of our tab the waitress quickly asked us to leave stating she had reservations even though there were multiple empty tables around. If you wish to spend your hard earned money it's your decision but as a black person I refuse to spend money with establishments that do not care for my money.Great happy hour specials until 7pm. Food was just decent, nothing too spectacular. I probably wouldn't come back unless it was happy hour. Really cool dim-lit ambiance to chill and throw a few drinks back. Minus 1 star for the snobby waitress who didn't check on us to see how our food was.On the night of  March 27, 2013 I visited Alfa to grab a drink with my colleague.  The bartender was extremely rude, and refused to treat us with the same level of courtesy as her other customers.  We noticed that she was extremely friendly and personable with all of the other patrons who were also sitting at the bar but she never treated us with the same level of respect and inclusiveness.  I believe that the bartender should learn how to cater to diverse groups of people from various ethnicities and racial backgrounds.  I am extremely disappointed in her abruptness, rudeness, and condecending demeanor.  In addition, she took a long time to give us our bill and was busy taking shots and fraternizing with other patrons at the bar instead of processing our requests.  I have no intentions of visiting this establishment again and hope that other people will not fall a victim to discrimination.This place is pretty cool.  I have been hear a couple times for happy hour and the crowd is mature and the drinks good.  They have a cocktail menu of drinks named after recording artists and actors.  The Hello Kitty is ok, but my favorite is the Katrina. The appetizers are $3 for happy hour, the Cajun wings are a must!Have been here frequently for the happy hour specials, which seems to be most of their business.  After 3 $5 dirty flashmobs (martinis) I was a giddy girl.  Really like the dry-rub wings and tots too.  You can't beat $3 apps.
Crowd seems to disperse once 7:00 rolls around, as do I.Let's break down Saturday nights game. If you told me I was going to a fairly upscale lounge in Rittenhouse, on a Saturday night; with one unisex bathroom, and 90's themed rock music, I would have set the over/under at one drink. 
Just like a sporting event, sometimes the players just step up their game. The stars in Alfa's game are the bartenders. The bartenders at Alfa are top notch. They are friendly and efficient. They go out of their way to make sure you have a great experience. The drinks are well poured, and they are happy to alter the mix upon request. I am a Bombay Sapphire man, but was considering branching out. The bartender took the time to explain some of the differences in the taste of the unfamiliar gins. He suggested Hendricks. I had trepidations, because it is infused with cucumber,  of which I am not the biggest fan. I was given a sample of the Hendricks which I loved, and also given a sample of a local gin( i have blanked out the name). The bar was getting fairly crowded, but he took the time to help me branch out, and maybe find a new gin. Another bartender altered a mojito for my fiance' with a smile. the service was just great, and I had no complaints. The bar snacks were tasty, I suggest the Tatar tots. I ended up staying a good long time, and smashed my over/under line by many a cocktail. Good game Alfa staff.Crowded place, great for people watching on a Saturday night. Most were dressed to impress. 
It took awhile to flag down bartender for drinks. Lighting seemed a bit weird, made my beer look greenish.Alfa has become my favorite happy hour spot in Rittenhouse. I'm not sure if it's the clever $5 90s-themed cocktails or the tater tots. Either way, Alfa allows me the opportunity to revisit my youth while getting a nice little adult buzz going.
There are wine and beer specials, too, from 5-7pm. The $3 snacks really are snacks, so if you're hungry that tab is going to grow quickly. Though the food reviews are mixed, I can personally tell you that the Tempeh BLT is pretty much the best BLT I've ever eaten, and I would fight my own mother for a pound of freshly cooked bacon (not really; I'd share).
And come on. Tater tots.went for a Tuesday evening happy hour first date, was pretty quiet allowed for easy conversation..  Service a bit slow, requiring us to call out to our waiter to order drinks and then to order food and then again to get the check... with that being said, however... i got the steamed mussels.. DELICIOUS!!! steamed mussels in garlic, white wine, cooked with bacon and fresh jalapenos, topped with perfectly fried french fries and drizzled with aioli sauce.. just perfect!Met a lady there for dinner last evening. The hostess was really nice and held the table for an extra 20 minutes, as my date was running late. I sat at the bar in meantime, the bar tenders were cool. The crowd okay, the happy crowd was pretty cool. However, as the night went on there were some pretty loud drunk people. Its kiind of weird, Alpha presents itself as a chill place to get a nice meal and a few cocktails, but it also tires to regular american pub. So you have different groups of people in there at times. The food was okay, not awesome but it wasn't that expensive. All in all, its fine for after work but not awesome for a date.Bartender George is great!! Bouncers are a bit macho for my liking.  By day it is a 5 star but by night it is 3 star... but I'm just not a club guy.Have walked by this place countless times, but finally went in for a drink with some friends after dinner the other night.  I thought everything was fine, but it is super dark, and the music they had on was pretty loud, especially when there weren't that many people.  I think 3 stars sums it up perfectly.Went here first on a trip to Philly in the summertime, and was pleasantly surprised. Love the 80s themed happy hour drinks (like the care bear, the molly ringwold) which are strong for their size and the appetizer wings are spicy and really well seasoned. Definitely a good stop before heading out, or a place to get pretty trashed and head back to your hotel..So an update to whether or not this place was good on the weekends: If you're a super preppy slightly older person (by older I'd say 30's/40's), then this is the place for you. I personally cannot stand the super preppy style/atmosphere, so it's just not for me. Keep in mind, when i say super preppy, I'm talking about boat shoe wearing, polo tucked in to khaki slacks, HORRIBLE HAIR CUT styling people. As far as how crowded it was, probably a semi-comfortable amount of people. It was crowded, but not crowded to the point you cannot walk through the entire place with ease. For those of you who are looking for a slightly younger trendier crowd, head upstairs to the Walnut Room. It's a little trendier yet still lax, but definitely gets crowded!A friend and I went there last night because we were supposed to meet a friend at Walnut bar upstairs and decided to get a late dinner-- Our server was great! The drink selection was vast and from the 4 drinks we tried delicious and stiff (the Veruca Salt was best) We decided just to get 3 small plates and shared-- they were tasty but nothing too noteworthy except for the Duck with Herbed Goat Cheese which was amazing. When it got to dessert they were unfortunatly out of the bread pudding (my favorite dessert ever) so we settled for Molten Chocolate Cake w/ Vanilla Ice Cream, it was good, not great though.. was hoping it would be gooey but it was just warm cake w/ ice cream.. oh well. When we were leaving we asked our server if we could get into Walnut bar from there, instead of just telling us yes or no, he walked us over even though he had a ton of tables! How sweet (and we got to avoid the cover charge) All in all it was a great place to have a few drinks and snacks while waiting for the night to really start.Watch your step.  The bar is located on a platform one step up from the main floor.  So while leaving, I did miss the step....
I came here for drinks and enjoyed the crowd, music, and drinks.  It's a nice swanky spot to visit.great happy hour specials! i also love the cocktail list -- it was good fun perusing the list and reading the weird names and descriptions. my favorite was the kim jung un, except swap out the vodka for scotch!Alfa is one of my go-to happy hour spots. It's conveniently located, there's almost always a spot at the bar or a table available, and the drinks/food are pretty reasonably priced. The themed cocktails are cute but not super kitschy. The tater tots and the fried pickles are awesome. I don't think I've ever actually had entrees here, though. For whatever reason, it seems like a better place for a quick happy hour rather than dinner. Definitely worth checking out though.Best happy hour specials for a trendy Rittenhouse bar/restaurant.
Although I really don't care for the trendiness that you come to expect at Alfa, their 7-day/week drink specials are hard to beat. 
$3 beers, $4 house wine, $5 champagne, and appetizer specials.  The fried pickles are pretty delicious and are circular cut which is different compared to other places that fry the pickle spears which I don't like.  Also the tater tots are always a great snack to have there.Uhhh..  I went to happy hour so this review will be short. I liked Mount St. helens and Hello Kitty.. Tater tots. MMMMM :) Told u this would be short.I have never eaten here, but spent a few nights cocktailing. I like it. Great bartenders. Not a super young crowd. Good music.I could see myself coming here a lot for happy hour if I lived/worked around here. They have awesome HH specials. The decor is modern and chic. Service is fast. I had an early dinner here with a few friends. We got two happy hour appetizers and shared 3 small plates. That was more than enough to fill us up. Portions are generous. We had the california ahi tuna burgers. They were substantial mini burgers. Also tried the spanish peanut crusted goat cheese with crackers. Not bad, but probably needed more lavender honey. The baked penne was nice and cheesy with bechamel. It was about $60 for 3 of us including HH drinks.Pretty good chill spot to crash after a hard days work. I like the appetizer specials for happy hour. $3! Prices were reasonable for the drinks also. Will def be back when im in Center City.More like 3.5 stars but I'll cut em some slack. As a place to hangout, drink, dance and meet people alfa/walnut room is among the better spots in center city. It's one of the few club type places where I can actually enjoy myself.
 It's not nearly as pretentious as Whisper, G, or some of the other clubs in the area and most of the people are there to have fun rather than be seen and act like a baller. There's also very few of the stand against the wall and flex muscle thug types in here.
 I've always been impressed at the diversity of the crowd in here.The majority of Philly nightlife is extremely self segregated. Somehow Alfa/Walnut Room manages to bring a bunch of different people together with very little drama.Wow!! For once it wasn't crowded. My friends and I came around 11pm and we were seated at the lounge area. It was great and comfortable. The cocktails were so delicious, just enough alcohol where you can still taste the sweetness of the mix. Even though I'm not a fan of Hello Kitty, I rather enjoyed the Hello Kitty drink here. 
We were even able to order food ... a plate of sweet potato fries to go with our drinks. Our waitress was attentive and available.Cool spot for post work drinks and happy hour grub. It gets crowded and LOUD fast, so I recommend arriving early to nab a table. The service can be slow at times, but they offer a multitude of drink options. Their happy hour menu is great too - a nice sample for all foodies. My favorite? The salted beets! Delicious. They're clean, tart, salty, and creamy. The beets are chopped, served on top of greek yogurt and slivered almonds. I love that they have healthy options. My not so healthy favorite? The potato crisps with bleu cheese. Stop. Words can't describe the gluttony.Making reservations is difficult. I had to leave a message on an answering maching only to be called back one hour before heading out to the restaurant that they don't accept reservations for parties less than 8. Lucky for me they accomodated my group :) They have a hour hour drink menu which is yum and cheap. The apps are the best. I had the asparagus and avocado salad which was ok. A great after work spot if you just want to munch on some apps!Go for the HH, 7 days a week.  Great bartender, service, well made drinks and great snacks (fries and sliders).  Seems a bit divey and hidden at first, but it's quite alright!  We walked right past it while we were looking for it.Wi-Fi, food, and alcohol!  What more can you ask for?  This is a great hang out for day or night.  Catch DJ Rahsaan spinning the tables on Saturday night or come to the downstairs lounge for a quiet drink.Happy Hour. That's all I have to say. 
Haven't been for awhile but from 5-7pm everyday Alfa has THE best happy hour I've seen in Philadelphia. The food is okay for snacking on but if you go, I suggest getting there early enough to enjoy the happy hour specials. The happy hour menu is based on a decade such as the 70's or the 80's and the selection is huge. Drinks are $5/each.Perfection. Hands down the best happy hour I've ever been to. Awesome ambiance, cool crowd, great service, and a deliciously inexpensive happy hour menu!! Did I mention their hr is 7 days a week?? *fifth star*
Every time I go I get the same 2 apps, the cajun wings and the potato crisps. YUMM!! I can't help myself, though I've tried almost every thing else (on the hr menu), I always order my 2 favs. The tots, fried pickles, and hummus are also quite delish!
Very cute the way the cocktails are named after celebs. They change every so often. Right now my two favs are the Snooki and the Amy Winehouse. Chosen because those 2 ladies did not play around with their alcohol and neither do the bartenders at Alfa!! 
During my last visit to Alfa 2 friends split 6 cocktails, 4 apps and a $44 dollar check right down the middle, tipped our lovely waitress and stumbled happily to the car! Doesn't get much better than that!!Killer happy hour until 7pm.  $5 delicious cranberry cosmo.  $3 apps - including tots.  The service wasn't totally up to par, but no one's perfect.
This place is easily pass-by-able, sandwiched between retail, so keep your eyes open next time you're in the area and stop in.Alfa is a great to come to for American comfort food. I had dinner her with some girl friends and we all agreed that that the food and drinks were delicous! I had the bombay chicken sliders- which were VERY good, but not filling enough- the plate came with 3 sliders that were the side of a half dollar coin!!! It may be filling for little kid, but not me!  Thankfully one of my friends gave me some of her burger so I wouldn't be hungry! 
The atmosphere is also really nice, dark mood light, yet very alive. I was there on a night that a phillies game was on , so there tons of peopel croweded around the bar watching the game cheering.This place is definitely a little cheesy, but has awesome drinks, great food, and a classy atmosphere. We came for happy hour, which was super awesome! $5 cocktails and I believe $3 appetizers. Their happy hour menu though is super cheesy since it's supposed to be an "iPod" and you choose an "artist" which are actually the drink names. We tried the Lil Wayne, Hello Kitty, Amy Winehouse and Voldemort. They were all really delicious, and it was great that they had such an extensive happy hour menu. We also got the pretzel bites and cheese, and while pretzels are hard to mess up, I must say they were seriously amazing. We then decided that since their pretzels were so awesome, we should try the nachos too. Sadly, the nachos were pretty plain/ordinary, especially compared to the pretzel bites. What really rocked though was that they use real pineapple juice in their drinks, as I saw a bartender juicing actual pineapple pieces. Our bartender wasn't very friendly, but was good at mixing drinks and fast at her job which are the most important things. Overall, this place seriously rocked with their awesome happy hour and both great food and drinks. If you're craving some delicious cocktails (and no you don't have to be a woman to enjoy delicious drinks) and appetizers definitely check this place out.Came here after a lousy time at Walnut Room upstairs. I figured tequila shots were the only way to repair the night.  I ordered 3 shots of Cazadores tequila chilled.  It was $33!  and they tasted WAY watered down.  Sorry, but I don't think I will be back.Meh.
Perhaps it's because we came here on the later side of a Saturday night but I found it over crowded and stuffy. To be far, I was in a larger group so we ourselves were kind of crowding up the place but even so I couldn't really talk to everyone and we had  to break up a bit. 
I had a hard time getting to the bar, which can be frustrating for a little redhead. However, once I did I was pleased with my drink choice: Kate Middleton. 
I'll try it again, but not on a Saturday nightHaven't been to Alfa in a while. Stopped by on Monday and it was pretty empty during happy hour. I sat a table and ordered the Teriyaki Salmon, green beans and asparagus. It was pretty good. After a tasty meal and some good Garnacha, the sweet waitress kissed me good-bye. OK, she didn't actually kiss me, but she was very sweet. 
I'm going back. The bartender is always a great guy too.... wonder if he'll kiss me :) 
go try them out.... and yes, they serve tots too!! tater tots that is ...Granted I went there on a Thursday night at about 11 for an hour, it was nothing impressive.  At first, it did seem to be of the younger crowd, with a casual trendy dress; however, soon I noticed more and more people leaving, with only a much older crowd left behind.  My friends and I soon left for another bar which was also basically empty, but had an awesome server.  
I would like to comment the bartender though! He was VERY attentive and polite, something I've been having a hard time to find in Philadelphia. He also made my drink pretty strong, which I like.  
Hopefully this place is better on the weekends!Love coming here for happy hour! It's a fabulous deal with a good variety.  Favorites are the cajun wings and tater tots!  The drinks are super strong imo!  completely worth it for $5.
I also came here on a sat night once before heading to the club.  great place to gather before heading out in the night!
their plate of tater tots is gianormous! I paid 30 dollars for 3 White Russians and a mountain of tater tots.  When it came it was like whoa.  speechless. haha  good times.I have become addicted to Alfa after trying their Cajun Chicken Wings at a recent street fair.  They have happy hour from 5-7 Everyday and the wings are $3 for a 5 piece, and get a Yuengling to wash it down for another $3.  Best happy hour and food around in Philly.  Oh and did I mention it's always a 3 to 1 Girl to guy ratio there, which doesn't matter much to me because I'm married, but my buddies love it.
The rest of the menu is equally as good, tater tots, salads, baja tacos and sliders, but the Wings are to die for.  I've tried everywhere from Jug Handle Inn to Hooters, to Buffalo Wild Wings, and some mom and pop places, but ALFA has hands down the best wings around.  Always perfectly cooked and spiced just right.  Keep in mind, these aren't buffalo wings,  they are Cajun spiced, but man o man they are amazing.  I've made 5 friends wing addicts now, and I'm sure there will be plenty more after you guys try em!
Enjoy!Food is ok, portions are on the smaller side... nothing great.
They do get a good happy hour crowd.My favorite happy hour place in Center City. It has delicious tater tots and fried pickles. Their burger buns are soo good, too. I always get at least 2 Kim Jong Il drinks because they're that good. I've tried the others, and they're all pretty good. Hello Kitty is another good one, and so is the Voldemort. The staff is super friendly, and unless it's super busy, they're pretty prompt. Cocktails are only $5 during happy hour, which is pretttyyyy decent. I'd go here every day if I were rich.Cool bar with attentive service, fun cocktails and a solid drink list. 
The two white wines I had were somewhat dissapointing, given that for $9 you should be able to get a very solid white.
I'm definitely returning for the sweet potato fries!I have been here on several occasions for Happy Hour, and I agree with many people's sentiments that it is one of the best Happy Hour deals in the city.  I love the cajun wings and the tater tots are TOTTASTIC.  The signature cocktails are pretty delicious as well.  I loved the "Vargus" until they got rid of the copper mugs.  The copper mug added a strange but delicious metallic flavor to the drink. It doesn't sound all the exciting but it worked well with the drink.  One of the bartenders did say that the copper mugs had been stolen over the years.  What a shame!  The drink isn't the same without it.  
The service here is always great and I have no complaints there.  My only issue with Alfa is that it is so dark in there.   I understand they are trying to "set the mood" for this trendy spot  but I feel like I need a flashlight to read the menu.  Additionally, in the summer when it's a nice 80 degrees and Sunny, the last thing I want to do is sit in darkness.  Overall, Alfa is a great spot and it has certainly won my Happy Hour business.So I came here looking for something near our hotel, wasn't sure what to expect but Yelp reviews were mostly positive.
We get there on Tuesday evening and the bar area is pretty full and more keep coming through the evening. Good sign.
The food options were good, several veggie items for me and my coworkers both had a steak and said it was better than the steakhouse the night before and not to mention half the price.
It was good enough that I didn't mind coming back the next night, I would have preferred a little variety but with the rain didn't really feel like exploring too much.It looks like karma has done it's job once more! I heard they are no longer open! Good riddens!This place is quite the scene.  I came here for a final drink after a few other drinks at a less-classy establishment in my kickball gear, and I have to say - I was certainly out of place. 
Very diverse crowd, most (read: everyone besides us) were dressed to impress.  The cocktails were strong and creative, if a bit expensive.  And you can buy people a drink for the future and write their names on the board.  Please put "Krista P" on the board as a thank you for this review?Went here for a Wednesday night happy hour. The decor is dark, clean, hip and modern. They do an all-80s happy hour...80s music playing and a huge selection of 80s-themed $5 cocktail specials. A small selection of appetizers are also available for $3 between 5 and 7pm (even tater tots!). We got hummus and pita (the bread was nicely toasted and the bartender offered us more pita when we ran out). 
The place was nearly empty the whole time we were there. It was restaurant week and they weren't offering a deal, so perhaps it's typically busier? I don't know. As it was, it wasn't a great place to go to meet new people, but was an excellent place to go and be able to talk with those you came with as there was plenty of room and the volume was reasonable for conversation.This review is the 100th for Alfa...kewl.
Alfa is an average place of its category that doesn't stand out which is probably a good thing. By no means does it mean that the place looks average, it's actually quite nicely decorated and the employees are all smiling and down to earth. 
The average part is their prices which are quite high and considering I never make it in time for happy hour I end up paying quite a sum for a few drinks and some chicken wings.
Their food is tasty and comes in small portions, well it's not a restaurant so no surprise there.
The only think that changed to the worse is the music, it used to be so much better but oh well I guess you have to go where the money is.this is more a review of an individual, than a bar. not knocking the bar, it's cool, i really like it..but:
if you aren't already aware...E.B. is the best bartender EVER in the universe. period. 
there are other bartenders who are quite good, don't get me wrong, but he takes it to a whole satanic new level.
no joke. just watch him do his magic and imagine his head sprouting little red horns in the mean time + you will understand.
whilst suggesting a wine for me, everyone else's glass gets filled without asking, keeping abreast of the wacky cocktails to be made at the service bar, he works the crowd with a sense of equality, setting up and taking down people's dinners, maintaining meaningful conversation with everyone, while imparting a sense of easy calm and comfort all at once.
it's a brilliant sight to behold...
but beware: beholding the sights at all gets much more challenging as the night progresses.~!This was my favorite happy hour spot in Rittenhouse. I lived in Philly for two years, that being said, I came from San Francisco which is VERy different. This bar was the closest I could get to an SF vibe. They have a great happy hour, with $3.00 eats, $4.00 wine and it is every day of the week!+ whatever their mango margarita and pomegranate something something at summer sip's was today, they were awesome
- where's the free food that goes with summer sips??I love this place. I recently moved away from Philly and was thinking of meeting friends here for a drink but heard it closed down. Definitely call and double check before you go.Rating based on my happy hour experience.
For $40 (including tip), we had two orders of wings, an order of chips and salsa, four beers, and three glasses of wine. Pretty reasonable, I think.
The food was surprisingly good and filling for $3 each!
They also have $5 cocktails based on the 90s, which tickle me!
The server was attentive and smiley : )I didn't expect to like Alfa. It's kind of the definition of "not my scene," with its dressed-up loungey vibe and clientele who look like they wandered off the set of some sort of dating-related reality TV show. However, Alfa has won me over with its solid, veggie-friendly food and drinks and friendly, competent service. I wouldn't come here on a Saturday night, but for happy hour or a quick drink and dinner during the week, it's cool. 
As you walk into the restaurant, check out the collage in the entryway - it's a series of shots of various people hanging out at the newspaper boxes on Walnut St. right by Rittenhouse, and I love its Philly-ness. The same local photographer has pictures on the walls inside, too, and they're awesome.
For happy hour snacks or appetizers, Alfa offers several appealing, although not super-exciting, options, including a big old pile of edamame, tater tots just like the ones in the school cafeteria, a Mediterranean plate with tasty olives and tzatziki. 
The main menu has a couple of other veggie options, but I always order the same thing: the smoky, delicious tempeh BLT. With avocado, a lemony aioli, and thin, crunchy, flavorful tempeh, it just might be my favorite sandwich in Philadelphia. 
A note about music. I understand the (tired...there, I said it) 80s songs during happy hour, and the trancey remixes of top 40 singles at night. What I can't get my head around, though, is the 90s "alternative" radio hits playing at a trendy Center City restaurant. Alfa's not the only offender, but seriously, I do not ever want to walk into a sophisticated, nicely decorated space and suddenly wonder if/why I'm listening to WMMR circa 1997. I mean, the Offspring? Alfa, you have some talented DJs around - have one of them make you some mixes to play during the off hours.Alfa is a great spot to go for Happy Hour.  There is something so exciting to a cocktail named Chase Utley or Molly Ringwald.  Their cheap appetizers are awesome too!
The only negative thing is that every time I go, I dream my name will be up on the drink board...but it never is:)Alfa is a swanky little spot that I recently discovered.  I went here for dinner with girlfriends; we unfortunately missed what looks like an amazing happy hour menu (5-7 PM, wine as cheap as $4 a glass!) But we were still able to enjoy some very creative cocktails.  Their Dirty Martinis are very well done! The I Heart Chase Utley is a good one, too.  We had the Cajun Chicken Wings, Baja Tacos, and the Veggie BLT. The BLT was To. Die. For. SO much fresh avocado and the tempeh was cooked to perfection.  The salad that came with it was accompanied by a mouthwatering house vinaigrette.  This is my new spot for Happy Hour.  Love!My goodness...those tater tots taste like heaven after one, two, (OR FIVE) hello kittiesCame here on a Wed evening, after the SIPS crowd. There were plenty of booths and tables in the back. Atmosphere is a bit dark and music is a little loud with what sounded like the same song playing over and over... It didnt help that my booth was under the speaker. The servers were nice and courteous enough to lean in closer to hear orders. 
Ordered the pulled pork grilled cheese. The flavors were great and the bread was a nice thick cut and perfectly buttery and crispy. I shared this plate with my bf and a large side of tater tots. The tots were really crispy, but nothing special. We also ordered the fried pickles which were thick cut discs with a spicy ranch. They were good, but not amazing. We had a beer and cocktail. The cocktail list offers a variety of different drinks that looked appealing and not boring.
Overall the grilled cheese was the star and the cocktail list. Service was attentive, but not all over us. Atmosphere: sit in the back if you are looking to have any sort of conversation, there is a nice long bar and high tables in the front if youre just looking for a hhr drink.Went to the upstairs for drinks and dancing on a Friday.  Drinks were expensive, of course.  Initially I just had a lager and it was $5.  Ugh.  BUT, the DJ was F'ing fantastic.  Spinning great old school hip hop, soul, etc.  Had such a fun time dancing.  My favorite moment was when we got warned by a couple people for bumping into them a few times... Yes, they were 8 or so people strong standing in a big circle in front of the DJ completely still with no dancing.  SORRY!  I hope they had a few drinks and loosened up...  Anyway, I'd go back just for the DJ!i was going to rate this place 4 stars, but the last time I was there they played Lauryn Hill, which warranted an extra star. What's not to love about this place? Seriously?
Themed happy hour - rotating 70s, 80s, 90s inspired cocktails. Last time I visited (a few days ago....yes, I'm addicted) they were doing a 90s theme. I drank a "Baywatch" (tequila cosmo) and a "Power Ranger" (in honor of ABC bringing back the classic franchise) which were both super yummy, though I was disappointed in the Power Ranger's murky brown color (wtf color power ranger is that?). $5 each.
They also have a happy hour snack menu. I usually stick to the tater tots, though it seems that they stopped offering the funky dip that came with (in exchange for ketchup :/), but the chips and wings are good too.  $3 each. 
fun drinks + good food + great music - half the cost you'd pay at a similar venue = WIN
depending on the day, it can get crowded. also, i would avoid this place like the plague during sips. the quality of the drinks and ambiance both decline dramatically.Well... cocktails are ok, not great, but ok. Service is good too.
BUT I had oysters there and I was sick for the whole night. So I'm very suspicious about the freshness and quality of their food.Excellent service. Great drinks. I love the atmosphere very relaxing and intimate. The staff are very helpful and knowledgeable. I recommend this for a date, hanging out with friends, bringing parents or relatives, or even colleagues.The thing that caught my eye was the sweet potato fries on the menu taped to the restaurant's window!  I have not had sweet potato fries since Hula in Monterey.
We were seated promptly in this trendy place.  Since it was still Happy Hour, we were able to try the 80's theme cocktails for $5.  Tried the Slimer (based on Ghost Buster) and Care Bears.  The list was quite extensive...Splash, My Little Pony, Mr Miyagi...
Of course, I ordered the sweet potato fries which comes mixed with regular fries...the portion was huge to my surprise.  Also had the lobster quesadilla which is quite yummy but they were very stingy on the mango salsa...just a small teasponful!!  The pork tenderloin was tender, comes with an intersting bacon wrapped apple which is tasty!!  Only two pieces of apple though.  Instead of the usual mashed potato, it came with sweet mashed potato with green onions.  A great combo!
Overall, very nice service but food took a while to come...but I would come again...especially for their sweet potato fries!I've only been here a couple times, but they were good times.  It is a lounge-y type of area that gets pretty crowded.  The bartenders are nice, and will get to you in order.  It's a tad price-y, like 6 or 7 bucks for a Yuengling (it was $14 for a baileys on the rocks and a Yuengling).  
The crowd is dressed casual chic.  Lots of very good looking people in this establishment.  I wouldn't say that the people here are dressed to be noticed, but they are all well put together.  
The music isn't overpowering, but it can get loud in here when it is busy.The only reason why Alfa is getting even two stars out of me is because of their tater tots with garlic aioli that the serve during Happy Hour. Besides that, their staff is incredibly snooty. I went to Alfa last night with some friends for Happy Hour. When we walked in, we asked the hipper-than-thou hostess if we could sit at one of the high-top tables. She explained that they were all reserved, but we could sit at the table in the very front of the bar by the window and wait for the rest of our party to show up. We decided to do this and went to the bar to grab drinks. I ordered a beer and brought it back to that same table and sat down. Immediately, the hostess told me that if I wanted to sit at that table that she TOLD US we could sit at, we would have to have the server wait on us and could not bring bar drinks back to the table. I argued that immediately after we put our things at that table, she saw us go to the bar so this should have been explained to us at that very moment. Shortly thereafter, she sat us at another, bigger table. 
Our party started showing up slowly but surely after we were seated. Once the last two members of our party showed up, we made more than enough room at our table for our two friends. We asked our waitress if she could grab us two extra chairs for our friends, and she explained that she could not do that because we would then be "blocking" a certain area. In my opinion, and having worked numerous waitressing jobs in the past, this was not the case. There would have been more than enough room for servers and patrons to easily pass by had we set up two chairs for our friends. Because of this, our friends left because they had nowhere to sit.
The only good thing that I can say about my Alfa experience was that our food and drinks came quickly with each round that was ordered. However, if you want a bar without any silly rules regarding seating arrangements, definitely go elsewhere.They have Tator-tots ENOUGH SAID!!! :) 
They have an awesome Happy hour specials. The 90's drink menu and cheap appetizers attracts alot of people every day off the week.It's unfortunate that I don't really see the appeal of Alfa. I had been meaning to check out Alfa for some time now having heard rave reviews from friends and colleagues of mine. Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed. 
It's very small- which is fine, but it also gets very crowded. It's also very dark- which is also usually OK by me, but it was so dark my eyes started to hurt because I was straining to see the person sitting across from me while having a conversation. 
Good points- the nachos and tater tots were really delicious. I really liked the 80's music being pumped out of the speakers as well. Perhaps City Sips isn't the best time to try out Alfa, and so I'll give it another shot, but right now- I'm not impressed.Awesome happy hour!
My girlfriend and I were staying nearby at the Club Quarters and walked over to Alfa for a Friday night happy hour.  We got to the restaurant around 5:30pm and were lucky enough to find some seats at the bar.  Around 6pm, the bar really filled up.
I tried the local Lionshead beer and really enjoyed it, especially for only $3.  Good selection of beers for $3, wines for $4 and champagne and mixed cocktails for $5.
The happy hour food menu has a lot of small snacks like tater tots, hummus, edamame, wings.  We tried the tots and the hummus and both were good.  Only $3 each too.
Our bartender was on point, and didn't ignore us despite being wedged between two big, high-spending parties.
For 6 total drinks, the tater tots and the humus, we paid $25.  Awesome deal, in my opinion, for the quality food, attentive service and convenience.Probably one of my favorite bars in the. Prior to opening the downstairs restaurant known a Alfa, the Walnut Room was a sure shot for after work happy hour and the occasional late night mingling. The Walnut Room has a cool atmosphere with plenty of seating and a front room that over looks Walnut Street. Kudos to the bar designer for the placement of hooks under the bar for coats, purses etc. 
Upon renovating the downstairs and opening the Alfa Restaurant they are the perfect combination, light bar fare for a quick bite and libation.  or a quicky get to know you date. 
The only downside for me is Alfa during Center City Sips. There may be three - 4 bartenders, but three of them are huddled at one end of the bar making it practically impossible to get a drink. One person is dedicated to mixing drinks for the patrons who are seated and that adds to the frustration of getting a beverage in a timely fashion.Though there are many places that are better for people watching, I must give credit when due: this place has its act together for bar food and a good lively atmosphere. 
As to the food.... great FRIES and JALAPENO POPPERS. Great especially if you are knocking back a few beers during happy hour. 
Speaking of happy hour, this place used to have a great miller lite special, but I hear that somehow coolers light now runs the place... I mean... WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO THE MILLER LIGHT!?!? It needs to come back.
As to the atmosphere... great place for after work, or after dinner drinks. A pretty clean cut place that's not super trendy but is upscale; certainly not filled with hipsters. Grab the seat in the window on Walnut street and you can keep your eyes on the street and watch incoming talent to the Alfa and Walnut room.I'll be the first to admit that I've never considered Alfa a dining destination. It's always been more of a bar/lounge to me, and not one I regularly frequent. Consider me wildly mistaken though! I went to the Root Liquor Tasting dinner last night and found myself beside, well, myself. 
The creamed corn summer soup topped with fresh and slightly warm lobster, the scallop on steroids, the pork loin with golden raisins, the venison with Root mashed potatoes, the cream soda float! The whole meal was inventive and tasty and our unruly, drunk tablemate helped add the finishing touches to an otherwise food-focused experience. 
When he started slapping venison against his chest, well, we knew that was our cue to make for the exit.I recently went here for their happy hour and was actually pretty impressed. My favorite part was the 80s drink menu where all the drinks featured are only $5. 
There was also a promotional special going on while I was there for Campari. You were able to pick a design to be screen printed on a bag and while you waited you got a free drink! Very cool!
I didn't eat anything while I was here but did take a glance at the menu and I must admit it was a very random assortment of food...nothing that I was in the mood to eat at happy hour though.Very good happy hour and wonderful Mahi tacos - anytime. As with every restaurant in Philadelphia, don't expect good service, but the food and drinks are worth it.Alfa is a place you can count on. My friend and I always come here on Tuesdays for their special $20 bottle wine deal. It is awesome. Their happy hour special are great. We cannot get enough of their TATOR TOTS and braised brussel sprouts . We also love getting their seitan sandwich..yummy.  We love our server Michael!  Everyone should come on tuesdays!Alfa was our chosen spot for Friday happy hour, and we were pleased that we could reserve a table ahead of time. We made the most of the specials (daily from 5-7pm), sampling a variety of $3 bar appetizers. Standouts included Tater Tots (a throw back to my favorite middle school cafeteria food), the Deviled Eggs, the Potato Chips, and the healthier Edamame (with salt and soy sauce on the side). The Cajun Wings were a little overcooked and the Nachos were not amazing, but there are plenty of other food options and drink choices (try the Hello Kitty if you like lychee) at cheap prices to make this a great happy hour spot.I miss Alfa. Just wanted to update my review b/c I went there a couple of times recently and still have consistent feelings. When I visit Philly and need a meet up spot for me and my pals, I still go there. Reserve the back lounge area and catch up, eat, drink, and be merry. I would def recommend it -- the staff is always nice and they never mess up confusing big bills and stuff - splitting the tab doesn't get bad b/c the servers do a good job keeping track and letting people pay as they leave. Food is nothing fancy but good for sharing and for coating the tummy so you don't feel sick after the booze. Music is cool and ambiance is not fancy but not casual so almost anyone could enjoy and be comfy!I met an associate here recently for drinks, and it took me a good 20 minutes to remember that I had actually been here before, a few months earlier, on one of those wacky "girls nights out" you've been hearing so much about. You know, those nights, when people who are girls go out together? Yeah, it was one of those. On that visit, which went down on a Friday night, we had to wade through a sea of people to get to the back of the room (some sporting some major cleavage and clearly had a different idea of the definition of "girls night out" than I did). I remember the service was slow and the drinks were weak. And after a while, we left, disappearing into the land of Loie, shaking our heads in wonderment as to where many of these people came from (and how certain Philly girls can be so damn tan, even in the winter) and why we were even going to Loie in the first place. Blarg.
So I came here the other night at happy hour, and was excited to see that all the drink specials revolved around the '80s. You may not be aware of the fact that I am kinda obsessed with all things '80s. I cannot explain it, nor will I waste your time or mine in trying to do so, but I just do. Of course, I ordered the Molly Ringwald, whom I've recently come to realize I based my entire high school existence upon (I have the photos to prove it). I drank it. It was good. Something about champagne and Chambord and a sugary rim. So, yeah...it was lovely.
But something was missing. Even though our waiter was great and it wasn't that crowded, Alfa was still just...ok. Not bad, but just ok. And sometimes ok is ok enough to get business taken care of over happy hour decade-themed drinks. Because it made me happy. For approximately one hour, at least.Awesome. I was bar hopping and went in for a cold beer and the service was good and the place is very trendy.