Wanting to try a new hookah bar on South Street, I decided to check out Alhambra with a coworker. The hookah was overpriced ($27!?!) and barely worked! The smoke from the hookah was mediocre and no feeling of lightheadedness was involved. I asked what flavor the tobacco was and the owner said it was a house blend. Well there were boxes of tobacco behind us on a counter that I would have much rather tasted. I should have gone to Byblos where my money and time would be better spent. The owner was creepy as well as he asked every girl in the place to log onto his convenient laptop on the counter and add him on Facebook.
Overall, I will never go to this place. I'm still mad I spent so much money on a worthless hookah.This is a one-man operation, I think. He doesn't have sterile tips. He doesn't tell you what is in his recommendation. The shisha is like already in the hookah when you get there. He plays games on his phone/tablet while you enjoy hookah and it is pretty quiet in there. It's awkward.
The chai could be a bit hotter. I also ordered coffee and he shouted at me, accusing me of going to drink the "boiling drink" and yelled "hellooo?" when I was simply blowing on it and not going to put a piping hot coffee down my throat. I have common sense. Also, if he boiled it he's doing it wrong. You are not supposed to bring that style of coffee to a boil.
Overpriced.The owner is very friendly.  If you order something else, he will try to talk you out of it - towards a Chai.  Listen to him.  If he says he makes the best Chai in Philly: he is NOT lying.  He literally makes it from scratch (skipping the sugary powdery standby that most places fall back on).  I highly recommend this place, even if only for the experience.Oh Mohammad.  Alhambra is a probably one of the biggest gems I have discovered since moving to Philly 14 months ago.  I can't honestly say what made me initially stop in there.... perhaps the sign for the "best chai" in Philly.   Well, not only does Mohammad live up to it, but he literally invites you into his space for a coffee shop experience unlike anything you have ever encountered before.  This is not the kind of place where you bring your laptop and rock out to your tunes.  This is Mohammad's family room; where everyone is welcome and treated with the best care, but he expects mutual attention in return.
Expect to stay awhile.  Expect to forget you're anywhere near South Street.  Expect to play him in a game of scrabble.  Expect to lose.  Expect to chat him up while he makes your tea and food.  Expect to eat some of the tastiest homemade hummus, salads, and coffee you've ever had.  
I would, however, echo Lauren R. and encourage you to bring a friend....WHERE do I begin. The owner has to be the biggest character I have ever encountered in my life haha. He brought my friend and I chai right away without us even asking for it. Then he starts telling us about how he only has one special hookah called Love Hookah and then brings that out as well. He made me a chicken sandwich because he said "I look hungry".
Some serious Middle Eastern treatment, he is such a cute little old man though.. you can't help but laugh with him and love him. The total bill for two teas, a sandwich, and the hookah were 60 dollars though, so definitely don't come here if you are shy and/or not looking to spend a lot.
Please do come here if you are looking for a bizarre experience that you can laugh about the rest of the night.The owner hypes up his hookah and tea as the best you'll ever have, however both are entirely overrated. One mediocre flavor of tobacco with a hookah that doesn't hit well and chai tea no better than what comes out of my Keurig. 
The ambiance is nothing close to what you'd expect of a hookah lounge - not relaxing, cramped seating and questionable cleanliness.
As others have mentioned, the price is OUTRAGEOUS for what you get. 
And the owner... I don't even know where to start. Let's just say he doesn't understand the concept of personal space.ummm wow. Talk about a ridiculously uncomfortable experience. The hookah was good and the baklava was amazing; but unfortunately that was all overshadowed by the extraordinary creepiness of the owner. He kept telling my friend and I how great his massages were and asking if he could show us. We kept refusing but after he wouldn't leave us alone I finally consented.
Gross. So gross.
He put his hands in fairly "off-limits" places. In addition to his creepiness, he continued to turn away customers who appeared to him to be intoxicated or ones that he just "didn't like the look of." I will not be going back.Seeeooo..yeah..mixed reviews about this place.
The owner is authentic. This is the real deal, Middle Eastern, Hookah Smokin', Story Tellin'  Son of a Gun. Real Time.
If anyone feels at all confused by the "Obama Smoking Hookah" framed photograph, I would love to dive deeper into a conversation.
The Baba Ganoush was pretty excellent, and the owner is quite the character. Hookah is expensive but he hooks you up if he likes you, so make sure he likes you.Alhambra Cafe is one of my favorite places in Philadelphia, hands down. It's a great place to hit up with friends looking for a chill night out. The Hookah here is amazing (Mohammed makes the mix himself) and the Chai Tea is even better. I've heard that it's the best in Philadelphia and I certainly believe it! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a warm conversation-filled night out with friends or family. The atmosphere is very comfortable and not dark or grungy, like many Hookah joints. Mohammed is also very welcoming and his company just adds to the experience.Muhammed is the owner of Alhambra and certainly is a character. My girlfriend and I took him on in scrabble and now that I read he cheats, I can see why he won. He had all the z's and q's! 
In any case, I'd go back for the falafel, iced chai and company of a weird old man who makes really tasty food, coffee and tea. I just did a review of Mama's and said the food was great, but the combination of food and company at Alhambra takes it above and beyond.This was absolutely awful. They had one blend which would have been fine but the hookah was so improperly prepared that the smoke only lasted a few minutes between two people. 
Remarkably overpriced especially the chai tea (5 bucks is ridiculous for the quality and quantity) 
Go some place else. You will not be satisfied.I came here with my girlfriend looking for a quiet little place to smoke some hookah, listen to music, and relax. The owner makes that impossible. I don't think he understands how to read customers, but then again, I don't think he really cares about what the customer wants. 
When I asked for a menu, or what flavors of hookah he had, he just said "I'll make you the best hookah you've ever had!" he also was too persistent on selling his chai tea. He was also incredibly insistent on making it seem like he was doing us a favor, giving us "special prices" and taking care of us, but really... it was all just awkward and uncomfortable. 40$ for one hookah and two (unwanted) chai teas? No thanks. 
I would have put up with that if he could leave us alone for more than five seconds. He was entirely too close to me, and I've never been so uncomfortable ESPECIALLY in a hookah bar! There's way better places to spend your money, don't bother.I drive 30 miles to get their amazing chai, and the owner is incredibly polite and fun to be around.Great place. This was my first time going at night, and we smoked a hookah and had some of Philly's finest chai. Nice place to chill out if you want a relaxing evening experience.Stopped by in the afternoon with friends as I showed them the city.  I expected to come in a enjoy some sort of espresso-based beverage (I'm usually not too big on Chai tea), but Mohammad had different plans for me.  After some witty banter and high-fiving, I decided I'd get the country's best chai tea, made from all natural ingredients and ginger that he freshly grated in front of us.  It's the best I've ever had and one of the tastiest hot beverages, also.
The inside of the place is a little crowded, and as other reviewers have said, it's kind of like entering Mohammad's family room.  He's got a complete setup in there: TV, computer, desk chair, scrabble board.  He's also a good salesman, trying to get you to buy other items in the shop and throwing that into normal conversation.
Overall, we all had great drinks, the owner's a great guy, but just be prepared with an excuse if you need to get out of there in less than an hour.This place is the WORST. Anyone giving a 5 star review is definitely not someone who has ever been to another hookah place in their life. By the way.... DO NOT say that this guy is "the real deal" (something I read in an earlier review) that's actually REALLY RACIST. You expect all Middle-Eastern people to be gritty rude rough talkers? You don't know what you're talking about, and your knowledge of the Middle-East doesn't extend beyond Disney's Aladdin, PLEASE grow up.
I went here a while back. I've been to hookah places coast to coast. Don't think that makes my expectations too high or snobby, not at all.  I've seen some poor quality before, and some places that charge way too much and I've been flexible - I don't mind marginal differences, I suck it up and move on and try to enjoy myself. This though......THIS..... is the absolute worst hookah place I've ever been to and the guy is basically criminal: I can sum my complaint to 3 things:
1) OVERPRICED, BEYOND OVERPRICED.....BEYOND BEYOND OVERPRICED!!!!
A normal hookah place would charge around 15-25 dollars for a hookah. THIS PLACE charges 25 dollars PER PERSON!!!!
That's right, PER PERSON. 25 dollars alone is really pushing it if it were just 1 amazing  hookah, and this place wouldn't have been worth that (I'll get to quality in a moment).  Never in my LIFE have I ever seen a hookah place charge per person. It makes NO SENSE whatsoever, there's 0 cost to having another person.  This is a cheap gimmick this idiot Mohammad put up thinking he can take cultural tourist hookah novices for a ride.
On top of that this guy only takes cash. God forbid he at least makes it convenient for you to be taken advantage of.  Doesn't even make it obvious from the start either. Though I'm sure he's totally honest to the IRS even though they can't possibly verify a cash basis income, yes...
2) AWFUL QUALITY
There is NO selection of hookah flavoring. If you think that makes it more authentic, you are WRONG. It's just his own "special blend" of crap on crap, cheapest tobacco known to man, and tastes disgusting.  
The hookah's themselves are TINY. Better hookah places would offer large hookah's as well, and these are smallest cheapest hookah's on the market. The place looks disgusting too. It looks like a dirty old office that he never dusts, not in a "cool authentic middle eastern back alley" kind of way, in a....lazy guy doesn't take care of this place kind of way.  On that note, there's no authentic ambiance ...it's just a dead mechanical environment. Not loungy in any way. It's like you come to this place to do your hookah, pay your fortune, and leave. 
3) RUDE SERVER
Mohammad is not lovable, he's not cheeky fun, he's not silly in his shrewdness, he's JUST RUDE.  It's like he's doing you a favor by actually serving you. Doesn't flex on price, makes a fuss if you're a penny short (sorry I didn't know a party of 2 would have to pay 50 dollars cash for 2 seconds of crappy small hookah). 
This man is evil, this place is evil, stay AWAY if you have any sense.Biggest standout/must-try: The Egyptian tea. It is one of the most unique and delicious flavors I've ever tried. The homeade chai is also amazing.
The place is a little hole-in-the-wall and if you take the time to let your eyes wander, you'll see crooked framed photos of the owner and his family on the wall, worn out oriental rugs and other random decor. It almost reminds me of someone's old living room. In the mix of all of that will be Mohammed, the thick-accented feisty owner, greeting you oh so casually from the corner of the bar where he is hanging out on his laptop playing some tunes.
Mohammed will direct you to one of the few tables, brush the crumbs off from the last customers and point out the old scrabble board ready and waiting for you to play. Don't be alarmed when he lights up a stogie as you are playing, talks over your shoulder and recommends moves whether or not you ask for his help. He's an old pro and once you get him talking he makes it hard for you to leave!
The first time my boyfriend and I ordered, it was almost like a scene from Seinfeld. Mohammed basically said "no" to our selections and proceeded to tell us what he had made fresh that morning and what we should eat.  He certainly delivered.  The grape leaves and homemade baba are some of the best I've tasted. So from now on we won't even try to order, we will just let him bring out what he wants.
It's definitely an interesting experience from start to finish. Don't stop by to eat if you don't have a couple hours to spare. But if you can spare the time, you'll be in for a real treat.
P.S. There is no alcohol, so if you are in the mood, BYOB!LOVED the chai tea . Wow. Went there for the espresso last week... Best I've had since I was in spain!I went to this place late last night. We ordered a hookah. The owner suggested his "house blend". He kept bragging about how it was the best hookah we will ever try. Keep in mind  I am a regular hookah smoker. When the hookah was placed on our table, I took the first puff. Let me tell you, I wish I hadn't. The taste was awful, dry and not flavorful at all. The smoke quality was horrible. He had to "adjust" the coal every 2min because the hookah wasn't hitting right. The only reason I even give this place 2 stars is because the chai was actually really delicious. And despite the lousy overpriced hookah, the owner was really nice.This review is for the hookah. 
Mohammed doesn't do lots of fruity flavors - just his own tobacco mix - so if you are looking to do hookah just for the novelty, this place may not be for you. If you want solid, quality hookah which is smooth, hits well, and lasts for a long time, then this place is for you.
He also deep cleans every hookah after every use (which unfortunately most hookah places don't do, to the detriment of germophobe hookah smokers everywhere) - and you can taste the difference. 
The restaurant is cozy, Mohammed is friendly, not much to complain about!HA! I didn't even make it to this place. I called to see if this place was open and hoped to get a price for hookah. The person who answers (I'm assuming this "awesome" owner) was extremely rude and short with me.  My friend (who is a white female) calls immediately after and not only gets the royal treatment, but is asked if she wants to make a reservation...Yeah, wouldn't advise anyone black to go here.OK, so the owner is a little creepy. Anytime I bring girls here, he doesn't leave them alone. I do my best to deflect it without being too crazy but he can be pushy. Sometimes I just want to come in and relax, and he makes it difficult. Otherwise, I like the guy.
Hookah is good, and his chai tea is also very good. I'm happy with this place. It's a bit expensive and the place is cozy, but overall I'm a fan. People tell me hookah is better at other spots, but I'm good with Mohammad's brand.Just like everyone says, this dude is the real deal. My friends and I walked in, expecting a counter that we could order some drinks and take with us as we walked down South Street, but the owner asked if we wanted to stay for awhile. 
"Sure," one of us said (how can you deny a man who asks you to hang out in his coffee shop like it's his living room?).
We walked in the small shop that can fit about 12 people max. There is a booth against the window, about 4 round tables against the back wall, and a few single tables closer to the coffee bar. Lots of woods and warm colors and a tv for those who want something to watch. 
The place feels very cozy and the exact opposite of formulaic. 
The owner was super friendly and joked around with us. He insisted everyone get the chai as it was the best in Philly. My three friends each ordered this magical chai, but I went with the coffee. When I said "coffee," he said he didn't understand me and asked if I wanted "caw-fee" instead. "Yes, caw-fee please." "This I understand! 3 chais and 1 coffee."
We didn't get our drinks for about 5-10 minutes, but it was okay because the room was warm and I preached about my love for Arrested Development. 
Our drinks were good. I tried the chai and it was WAY too sweet for my taste. I could never order it, but I'm sure plenty of people may like it. The coffee was pretty good too. A little on the bitter side, but he added some foam and cinnamon on the top which gave it a nice touch. And the cups were all beautiful and different for each type of drink. 
Although the drinks weren't the best in all of Philly (as promised), the ambiance and owner boost this place up to 4 stars. Alhambra is an experience and one everyone should enjoy.The guy who owns this place is awesome. He is known to share stories of the many women he has overseas, but more known for always winning Scrabble.
Challenge him to a game of Scrabble and he will be your friend forever. And don't miss their home-made Chai and baklava while you hang with them. Oh, and the reason he always wins? Watch his hand sneak into the letter bag to grab the high-point numbers. I totally called him out and now I can never go back.I am still trying to decide whether the owner of this establishment was endearing or just creepy. 
Visited Alhambra Cafe with a group of around 8 people. There was another party of three that had obviously been there before, and knew the owner. They received 'comped' appetizers while our party did not. Not a good business practice to give some of your patrons free food/drinks/anything and have other patrons realize that other people are getting free stuff while you aren't. 
There was some confusion about the pricing of the hookah, which we originally believed to be $14 per hookah, shared amongst a group of 8 people. When it was time to leave we learned that he wanted to charge $14 per person. By the end of the night, some of our party had left and we gave $14 for each remaining person. If he wanted to charge $14 per person he should have asked for money for the people that had left and technically hadn't paid, essentially for sitting. The whole ordeal seemed very fishy, and very expensive for a mediocre hookah experience and some "free" juice. 
It was also stated that this restaurant was a BYO on the website, but then when we arrived we were told we weren't allowed to drink because of "kids" that had brought the attention of the police to this establishment. 
Avoid Alhambra and go to a hookah bar that has clear affordable pricing, more readily available food, and a more welcoming atmosphere.In short, stay away from this place.
Experience at this cafe:-
If there was an option for zero star, I'd give that. This was my first and last time entering the doors of this cafe. 
We were bunch of friends moved to different cities after college meeting in philly on saturday aftrnoon for lunch and hookah. Looked around and there weren't many hookah place open during afternoon, so we ended up here. 
On entering, it feels like they are out of business and we just walked in some house with self cut cardboard make shit up best hookah in philly awards. The owner Mohammad was smoking cigar. Just because we smoke hookah doesn't man we are ok with the smoke of cigar. 
At first he seemed very cool and chill and was funny. We were waiting for another friend to come in and till then we didn't mind his jokes and talking with him.
He didn't even give us any menu to choose our order and started making the hookah as from the talks we said we were gonna get a hookah. We didn't mind, thought he well give his best and we weren't afraid of trying. He praised his chai tea and so everyone were like ok, let's try that as well. He started the conversation with, what's the best and expensive chai tea you all had and from where and how much. Starbucks and all are just piece of shit, I make my chai tea with real stuff and real stuff is expensive, but you taste it and then tell me the difference - said by Mohammad.
After our friend came, we sat down in a table talked for a bit and our hookah arrived. Strangle Mohammad also sat down with there with us and started talking with us giving us no privacy or space to talk with our friends. We were there to meet, to eat and to smoke hookah, not to give this old lonely man some company. Not just that, he even lighted his cigar, which was very uncomfortable for all of us.
To get him out of there and also we were hungry, we asked for the food menu. He was like, I stopped swerving food years back. Now I only serve hookah and tea/coffee.
About the hookah and the tea:-
The hookah didn't feel like shit and was tasteless. This itself describes everything.
The chai tea, for me coming from an indian background, we make this at home every day. It was nothing new but for my other non indian friends it was something new and they liked the taste till the time came for the check.
As he said they don't serve food and we were hungry so we wanted to get out and get food, also wanted to get away from him so we friends can talk. He pretty much forced on to us, saying, c'mon I'm gonna take you to this really nice indian restaurant around the corner. It's my buddies restaurant.
We bluntly had to tell him that we going to the center city and so give us the check. He was like it's $60 flat for you because I like you so no tax. Never got to see any price, no menu was given, charged us randomly and at reduciloud rate.
$60 for 4 chai tea and 1 hookah, for real.
This is not just it, there were so many more things....Just stay away from this place.The owner is a character. The hookah is smooth and light but overpriced at $25. The chai and food were very good. I'd come back again just for the chai and to get a chuckle talking to the eccentric owner.The best hookah in Philly the best chai in Philly. Great owner and an authentic vibe. A gem to say the least...The star rating reflects the price and the experience.  The experience was very good and the owner, Mohammed, is very friendly and social.  I was told by my company and others on this site that the price he charges is very expensive.  The place itself is kinda dark and small.  Nonetheless, it was still very comfortable.  He made the tobacco mix and put it in a lemon and told us everything was made from scratch in terms of the flavor.  It is good but was not the best hookah I have had.  The chai tea he made was the best I ever had and the tiramisu was excellent as well.  But the price sucks.My boyfriend is the smoker out of the two of us, and since our little hookah bar in Lansdale closed, we decided to check out Alhambra. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by Mohammed, who is one of the most personable shop owners I've met. I had never smoked before, but Mohammed, who uses all home-made and all-natural ingredients in everything, convinced me to try smoking a hookah. I tried it and it was great! Although you can't order different flavors, his hookah is nice and smooth and tastes good. 
Mohammed will basically refuse service if you're rude when you come in, so be nice if you want to visit this great place. It's twenty-five dollars a hookah, and if you have more than four people you have to get two. Also, my boyfriend said that the hummous was the best he's ever tasted and that the chai tea is freaking amazing.
GO THERE NOW. (:The coffee here is excellent and the owner is friendly. I didn't get to try the hookah, but given the quality of the coffee and the are that the owner put into it, I would imagine that it is quite good.
He's real friendly and will chat your ear off, while he makes you a fantastic espresso.I enjoy Chai tea. And I must say that this is the best Chai tea that I have ever had. If you have a dairy allergy or don't drink milk. just tell the owner Mohammad and he can still make a fantastic cup of Chai. That is not something that I have found at many other places since they use a mix instead of making it fresh themselves. Here it is fresh and fresh is good.
I also enjoy Scrabble. I have been to Alhambra twice and played Mohammad, both times losing by quite a bit. He knows his stuff and was so bold to offer to let us have our hummus for free if we won, knowing that there was no way in hell that we could.
I, however, do not enjoy the overly touchy-feely tendancies of the owner. It was fine the first time I went there, when I had a male with me. But the second time it was just a female friend and I alone in the place and we both noticed the creepiness. Although I love the Chai, I think I'll hold off coming back to Alhambra until I am in the company of males again.I went here about three years ago and I still talk about it. It was a rainy day, and my boyfriend and I were looking for a quick cup of coffee. Mohammed informed us that if we wanted a quick cup we should go somewhere else, but he could make us the best chai tea we ever tasted if we cared to linger. We did, and the tea was everything promised...handmade from scratch right before our eyes! Our hour+ there was made complete by Mohammed's tales of far-off travels and a long conversation about taking the time to pursue excellence in making food and drink. It felt magical.
UNTIL (and this is the reason for the three-star rating) he pulled out anti-Zionist propaganda and insisted that we watch it! It does not surprise me at all that other reviewers have commented on various racist and/or "creepy" vibes from the owner. While I am very glad that I had the experience of the delicious chai and stimulating conversation, I am equally glad that I was there with a male and that he saved his political views until AFTER we had finished enjoying our drinks.Biggest hookah ripoff in the city. Any other place is better and cheaper.So expensive for crappy hookah! The hookah was $25 (way cheaper at Leila down the road and it's better), tasted meh, and the smoke was thin. The owner was...colorful but didn't really care to offer good service. The chai tea was phenomenal but so pricey. Did not care much for the atmosphere either (over air conditioned, a little dingy, and the sanitary status was questionable). Overall, will not go back and will stick to hanging out at Leila when we want some hookah and Turkish coffee.The food is good, the chai is amazing.  The hookah is pretty good, though I would have liked to have had a choice of flavors.  The homemade mix is tasty and certainly unique, but not something I would be in the mood for every day.  I usually prefer the fruitier flavors - apple, plum, guava.  And I like Al Fakher, though the owner of this place was quick to dismiss it.  Matter of fact, he was quick to dismiss ALL other Phila hookah-related stores, products and cafes.  I had been on a mission that day to locate Coco Nara coals (failed to) for my home hookah and had stopped in Alhambra for a break.  He said there's nothing wrong with the quick light coals (and I agree, they are just fine ~ but the coco nara coals are AWESOME) and proceeded to press the coal down into my tobacco bowl.  I don't claim to be THE hookah expert (though I've made it my life's mission to attain that status) but doesn't that restrict the airflow of the hookah?  It did take longer than usual for my hookah to start puffing nicely after that.  I have a pet peeve of people pressing down on things to speed them along - like pancakes on the griddle, or grilled cheese, or a hamburger.  You can't hurry perfection!  Anyway, the hookah was decent once it FINALLY got going, but it was pricey and the whole situation there (single female, shoulda listened to the other yelpers) was just uncomfortable for me.  The hookahs were gorgeous.  All in all a very mixed experience, and the search for my go-to hookah bar in Philly continues.The hookah here is very average.  A lot of the reviews here say the hookah is great, but you obviously have not had good hookah.  Come to to CA sometime.  He does steam clean his hookahs, so that's a plus.  The owner is very friendly as well.  However, he didn't use good flavors or good coals.  If you are someone who knows their hookah, don't go here just for hookah.  The food did look good however.One flavor tea, one flavor hookah. It seems like this guy has found his niche. People call and ask what time he closes, and the answer always is "whenever I want. What time are you coming?" 
In the middle of winter, he kept the door open even though I was cold. He insists he has the best tea you've ever had... but my friend and I didn't want milk or sugar in it... so that kind of made it sickeningly strong with ginger flavor. 
I like the concept, but it was filthy in there, and because he wanted us to go, even though we were talking and there were other people in there, he left the door open so I would freeze. He was smoking a cigar-- I'm just wondering-- with all of the money he pockets, couldn't he have a ventilation system installed??
Entirely too expensive for this rude "my way or the highway" attitude.I've come here with my boyfriend 3 times so far. Best hookah in Philadelphia. Hands down, no contest. Mohammed, the owner, and only employess, is fantastic. He interacts with his guests, he makes EVERYTHING there, including the Shisha(hookah tobacco). Even their hot chocolate is some of the best i've ever had. The whole experience is fantastic, everytime we go. Prices are reasonable. Small place, but it's never cramped and crowded. The other guests are often very friendly, and Mohammed makes everyone feel at home. Best hookah bar in Philadelphia.not too bad- no hand clapping for the lunch food; the salmon sandwich tasted store-bought slathered with mayo; it's killing me!I went on a Saturday night, and surprisingly, we were the only patrons there.  That said, the hummus was delicious and the hookah was great.  The owner was very attentive and friendly.  I'll definitely be going back.Overpriced, seriously thirty eight dollars for two teas and a hookah?!?. Don't go there.  No sterile tips for the hookah pipes.  
Never again, I should've just burnt my money with a lighter rather than smoking it here.  
Also the owner is too touchy.I remember I came here 3 years ago with a friend. The owner was there, he was super nice. I had the best coffee I had, and the man takes pride with his coffee too. He let us try the beans themselves and amazingly they werent bitter at all. 
He also had some marinated salmon at the back and gave us a try of that one. It was pretty good.Fuck this place.From an experienced hookah smoker, it was horrible, didn't even last 25 minutes; i decided to leave as it was burning me, and didn't even have flavor. When I asked for the bill it was $27, are you kidding me! I felt fucked, I'd rather go to byblos for their $20 hookahs. Fuck this place
Thank youMohammed at Alhambra is an experience unto himself. He is talkative, friendly and always eager to challenge his customers to a game of Scrabble. I'm pretty sure he doesn't cheat, but does know obscure two and three letter words that you'll only accept when he makes you look them up in his Scrabble dictionary. Regardless, it's worth a visit to Alhambra just to spend some time with Mohammed.
Mohammed's falafel and chai are definitely the best I've ever had. The spices he uses are always fresh, and all of his recipes are, as he says,   "made only with love." His espressos and Turkish coffees are also worth trying-- strong and smooth, a rare find.In terms of the quality of the product  (hookah and chai, relative to price), Alhambra Cafe is solid. The hookah was a nice house blend (the only option you're offered) and the chai was, in fact, delicious. Both were smooth and flavorful, if expensive ($25 and $5, respectively). You can BYOB but there is a $2 per person charge.
However, the atmosphere (for lack of a better word) is what is bringing the rating way down. The owner quite clearly hand-picks his customers. My friends and I (all female) were treated fairly well, although the owner does a fair bit more touching than we would have preferred. There were lots of high-fives, some affectionate but weird combinations of throttling and shoulder-squeezing, pressure to friend him on facebook, etc. Somewhat uncomfortable, but fine. 
Other folks were not treated quite so well.  An apparently drunken frat boy walked through the door and was promptly turned away, being told "we're full" (even though the cafe was 90% empty). The owner says, "we don't want his kind." Okay, fine, I'm not really feeling like pre-St. Patty's day rabble-rousing either.
However, the clincher is when a group of about eight young ladies comes in a little while later, about ten minutes late for their reservation. The owner is immediately hostile toward them. It does not escape my notice that the only difference between this group and mine is that a) this group is larger (but had a reservation, which we did not) and b) 3/4 of the group is black. The owner gives them a hard time about being 10 minutes late (although they called ahead) and is fairly rude, for reasons that are completely lost on my friends and I. After about 5 minutes, the group is fed up and walks out without paying. The owner chases them out the door and screams "YOU B**CH" and a variety of other loud curses down the street. He then comes back in and complains about the group loudly to the remaining clientele for a good 2 or 3 minutes... and then he drops the N-word, and says "they're all alike."
I'm sorry, I did not order my hookah with a side of profanity and jaw-dropping racism. Completely unacceptable. I will not be back.Went there for the first time for lunch. The owner is such a great guy....he made us excellent chai from scratch and treated us to his fabulous espresso. He is very passionate about coffee, and it shows in the quality of the drinks. He claims to have two water filters which he uses for the coffee, am I completely appreciate that. I ordered a grilled cheese flat bread sandwich that  was delicious. Good baklava too. There is some outdoor seating and the inside of the cafe is tastefully decorated and very cozy. (I think it appeals to me even more because it reminds me of this place in New Brunswick that burned down, Cafe 52). Great place, great owner. I'll definitely be going back often.What a great treat!! We came not knowing what to expect. The owner, Mohammad is so welcoming and hilarious! The chai tea is the best I have ever had!!!!!!! The hookah is smooth and delicious! We will be coming back!!!!Was not really liking it. 
We ran into traffic and he had a huge attitude even though we were bringing a group of 8+ people, so shut up. 
He refused to turn his cultural music off when we wanted him to change it to something that we would enjoy. 
He gave us all drinks that we did not ask for and made us pay $5 each for it at the end of the visit. I did not touch mine and it apparently didn't matter. This made everyone mad. 
Would definitely not go back. There are so many more places to choose from.Interested in trying a hookah for the first time, i went online looking for a good place nearby.. That's how i came across Alhambra's Cafe. The owner was really friendly and totally interested in playing with us. He takes a lot of pride in his products and he has all the right to because trust me, his chai tea and hookah are some of the best things I've tried in this City.. even if it was my first time, I'll be sure to come back here with my friends some more!Seriously I have traveled and had coffee and hookah all over the world - Mohammed really does have the best hookah and espresso in the whole wide world. Sure you start to dismiss him when he tells you.. but this man really is alll about quality over quantity. Fantastic. I am really dying to get back to Philly just for another slice of his tiramisu and conversation. This is the kind of place you love for the casual, chatty feel of the owner or you avoid. But don't be one of those avoiders.. this is a magical gem. In my 4 days in Philly I went back every. single. day.
Tiramisu/Coffee:  20/5
Hookah: 20/5
Service: 20/5
Location: 10/5 - cute little cafe, doesn't even feel like you are in Philly.a 3.5 at the moment, But curving to a 4 for now because the Chai is a thing of legends, and might just be the best that I've ever experienced!
I've heard the legacy of Alhambra's chai for many moons, and knew that I was destined to try it. And that chance had finally arisen once I finally broke free of a hangover and moved on from my cousin's in South Philly after a successful batch of gathering from the night before. I had a lot of business that I still needed to take care of (further proof of how hangovers are the eaters of days) I ordered to go, and that's were I initially felt a little bit miffed. I couldn't help but notice the small sized cup, and hefty sized price tag of $4 and some change. "Since when did Alhambra become the new Fourbucks(http://www.yelp.com/biz/starbucks-coffee-philadelphia-8#hrid:nF0YP0YUFBXMrnMhArS74Q/src:self)?", I couldn't help but think.
But try on I did, and trying truly is half the battle. My minds eye was awakened in perfect zen, while my taste buds gave into rich herbs and spices. and upon those first couple of sips, I experienced a whole new sense of being awake and refreshed.
If that's what Mohammed can do with just chai, I sure can't wait to find out what he does with things like falafel! and if you're a hookah smoker than you might just want to see what he does with hookah since the prices seemed fairly reasonable. and for that I fully intend to try this place some more. And you best believe that I aim to challenge Mohammed to Scrabble!My friend and I came here to try the hookah based on high yelp reviews which I've had a good success rate trusting....in short DONT trust yelp on this one.
One flavor that is "homemade" not terrible but not great. The hookahs don't hit very well and the owner has an interesting personality. All this wouldn't be so bad if it also wasn't the most expensive hookah place in the city. $40, cash only, for one hookah. I have gone to about a half dozen hookah places in philly and I can honestly say this is the worst one. Save your time and money and pay a quarter as much anywhere else and get 10x the experience.My sister and I have been here quite a few times and love it. The hookah is good and the chai is out of this world. And of course we love Mohammed. He's such a friendly man and has this way of making each person who comes in feel special and welcomed. I gotta go back soon!