A lesson in how YOUR experience can be at odds with everyone else's. We had an extraordinary dinner last night on our first visit. The pizza was phenomenal with a light, crispy crust that had just enough chew. We sat at the bar, and the bartender who attended to us was charming, quick & helpful.
Unfortunately, we didn't have time for dessert before running out to our show. So after the show, we stopped back for dessert and coffee. This time we sat at a table, and, to be charitable, the server was indifferent. My wife's froufrou coffee beverage and my esspresso came separately. My espresso was barely half of the demitasse cup and luke warm. Her gelato came with the coffee; my biscuit about 10 minutes later. Then getting the server's attention to get the check was nearly impossible. It was as if once the order was served, he forgot we we're his table.
So you never know how your experience will turn out.
**UPDATE** Alice's management reached out to me with a very nice message, and my wife and I are really looking forward to returning.Alice Pizza! It was fantastic! I am Italian, and I approve of this pizza!  Yum!  
The personal pizza was big enough for 2 kids with left overs.  As an adult, I could only eat 1/2 of it!  
We loved the eggplant pizza!  
The desserts looked wonderful!  I would love to return to try them!  
They were really nice to my kids!  As a parent, I would suggest adding this place to a trip to Center City (walking distance from Kimmel Center).Great Caesar Salad, Margarita Pizza (crust crisp), and Creme Brûlée.  Excellent service. Outdoor dining along sides of this corner restaurant.  I would absolutely return!Stumbled upon this place last night.
Freshest pizza I've ever had.
Tremendous flavors of pizza; zucchini, crab, eggplant to mention just a few, to the more traditional flavors.
Slices are cut to whatever size you feel you are hungry for. Fun to take smaller slices and mix up and try it all.
As busy as it was, they were well staffed and instant gratification of being fed.
A must stop-in.
Delish!Have been here to eat in the bar, at the tables, and for takeout. 
The pizza is just amazing. Tastes so fresh and delicious. Their happy hour is a great deal with wines, Aperol spritzes, and more to choose from for drinks. The pizzete sampler and the cheeses are my favorite. Unfortunately, I was pretty disappointed by the calamari which was mostly veggies. 
Service is inconsistent. Some of the staff are great and attentive but even with only a few guests in the whole place at 5:30, I've had to wait 10 minutes to waive someone down to get a refill or a check, which is a shame because when the staff are on point everything is lovely.My favorite morning stop on Friday mornings. The staff Melissa and Anita are always welcoming and smiling. I ordered cappuccino which was made to perfection and then a breakfast crescent light and delicious.
I have also had lunch the pizza is great and the arancini are to die for. What a great addition to the neighborhood at 15th and Locust!Cute new pizza place - nothing too fancy. Went here for happy hour and they had some good specials. The Pizzette (pizza sampler) comes with whatever they give you, so picky eaters be warned. We got pepperoni, eggplant, and mushrooms - and since I don't like eggplant or mushrooms, I was out of luck. Ended up just ordering off the regular menu. The calamari was ok, but next time I'd probably just stick to their pizza. Love how they serve gelato from Gran Caffe L'Aquilla.  Apparently they have some of the same owners. 
All in all nice little addition to the area and I'll definitely be back for a slice and gelato!Alice!  Alice!  Alice!  Pricey, but divine. Gelato is fabulous--we've had vanilla, chocolate, coffee and mango. So many more to try!  And so convenient!  On to pizza....sold by the pound. One buys shares, not slices. Sauce is the best I have ever had. Now, how do I stay away from Alice?Pizza places usually don't strike my fancy but Alice was an exception and for good reason.  Alice is apparently a chain in Italy but apparently this very shop is the first one in the entire US.  How appealing is that?
The inside is bright and inviting, in part because of the scrumptious looking gelato and desserts on display.  The gelato's prepared by one of the gelato world champions, Stefano Biasini, who also prepares gelato at the nearby Gran Caffe L'Aquila. I was sorely tempted to try the gelato and tiramisu in particular but I restrained myself because I had come specifically to try the pizza.  While I'm not used to buying pizza by the ounce, I like it because it means you can buy as little or much as you want since the pizza doesn't come in pre-formed slices.  I tried a sausage-and-mushroom slice, enjoying the lightness of the crust, and it was under 3 bucks.  I got tempted to try a different flavor and that was under 2 dollars since I only wanted a sliver.  And there was nutella pizza!  Generally, I don't like mixing chocolate with pizza but it did look amazingly delicious.
What I also like is that the restaurant has something for everyone in that one side has table service and you can order cocktails/other drinks with your meal.  The other side has seating along the windows for those of us who may just want to grab a bite by oneself or with 1-2 other people but do not need table service.
I already introduced a friend to this place and I'll gladly continue raving about it to anyone who will listen.  Even if you don't normally go to pizza places, like me, this place is worth your attention.Horrible experience here today. Ordered their fried dough and to my surprise, there was a piece of calimari inside the basket. I told the waiter multiple times that I was a vegetarian. I understand that no restaurant is perfect but these types of oversights are inexcusable. The only reason I am giving 3 stars is because the manager handled the situation very professionally and allowed me to cancel the rest of my order. It's a shame though cause I was looking forward to the pizza but I just lost my trust for the establishment cause of the first appetizer.Yes dough flown from Rome! I get it!! For 4 slices of pizza (take note they weigh the pizza per ounce!!) and a small drink cost $18 already plus my uber ride RT $11 isn't worth my time to go in here. I didn't like the pizza at all. I came home hungry. My husband ate all the pizza bc he just doesn't wanna waste it. Dinner service started 3pm I got there 4pm The Philly Special is already sold out! Smh! People that work there are snobbish! It's like they hate their job!! 
There's no more next time for me to go all the way here! I'll stick with my go to pizza near my neighborhood instead.Tasty Different and Delicious Pizza (by the pound), nice set up, very friendly and attentive staff. A good variety of toppings and always served with a smile. The best Cappuccino in years, and a nice selection of tempting pastries....Great placeNice place. You can grab a slice of the many offerings weighed by the oz. Seating is counter along the wall, and about four tables in the back. There's a separate full service area and bar offering additional menu. Pastries from
Isgro's & gelato from Cafe Gran Aquila are also available.
I got a slice of the Zucchine & Bufala, heated a little. The crust is unique, light, airy & crisp at the same time. The bufala was nice and creamy, the zucchini sliced super thin & flavorless. All in all, the pizza I had was pretty bland. 
And at $6.80 for a 4"by 6" piece I'm in no hurry to try any more.Pizza joints in Rittenhouse are a dime a dozen these days, but Alice is different because its Roman-style pizza. You pay by weight and its cut into squares. It's essentially a 3-in-1 place. You can sit for dinner, sit at the bar, or sit at small window counter to eat your pizza. I've been here once for pizza and twice for drinks (the espresso martini is delish!) 
All of my experiences have been very positive. The staff is friendly, helpful, patient, and plentiful. As for the pizza it's yummy. You can trust me because I sampled four types. The ham and swiss, sausage and broccoli, potato and bacon, bacon/radicchio. The ham and swiss was my favorite. Also, make sure to save room for gelato the cherry desire is fantastic.Update: Went back to Alice to give it another chance and tried the pizza by the slice side. Got 5 different types and each was better than the next! The bread had flavor and the toppings were the perfect amount of sauce, cheese, veggies, meats! Never even lifted my hand to add additional salt or oregano! 
My only complaint is that I wish the pizza was hotter after coming out of that countertop warmer but otherwise really different and pleasant experience from last week!Great great atmosphere and food fantastic. Nice cafe, come as you feeling and yet NOT cafe style food. Also had a Gelato Bar and delicious looking pastries. Food comes to you hot and ready.  I will say the service is a little slow although it's worthy of the wait. The menu is pricey , but again very good. If your in downtown center city area this place is a must stop ...oh by the way the portions are generous ... 5-Stars.The pizza is five plus stars. The two stars are because I wanted to buy a pint of gelato with two flavors and was told I couldn't do that. WTH, I'm a customer willing to pay $12 for a pint. I should be able to get it anyway I want. It left a very bad taste in my mouth.We each had a couple of slices of the lovely thin crust pizza and a glass of wine by the Bar. A perfect quick meal before our show. I was delighted that there were 2 kinds of pizza with no cheese- a rare treat.Unfortunately this place went down hill fast. I went when it first opened and it was stellar. A few weeks later it was not as good. The dough was less airy, pale and very bland. I just gave them another shot last week and it was the same. The pizza just seemed to have lost all of the finesse that it did when they first opened.Excellent pizza, salad and pasta.  The handmade pasta are fabulous. My husband and I shared a pizza and fettuccine panna sauce with grilled chicken breast (a much lighter version of white cheese Alfredo sauce). The fettuccine was heavenly. The chicken breast is moist and tasty. This is now my favorite dish!  My father-in-law had the mezzaluna (half-moon shaped ravioli), which looked marvelous.  The other two in our party had a mushroom pizza and salad. Both looked delicious.  
The seating is very cozy.  We had a great time!
I can't wait to try their desserts and gelato next time.Great local spot for a glass of wine and some authentic pizza. The gelato here is extremely good as well.
The ambience is what you would expect in Rittenhouse but they are also extremely clean and the staff is great.Amazing pizza and gelato! Staff is extremely helpful. The pizza is very light on the stomach so it's leaves you full and satisfied.Went in tonight for dessert after a show at the Academy of Music. We were RUDELY told that they closed at 11 from one of the girls behind the counter. We had no idea and were shocked the way we were spoken to.
I would think twice before going back now.I have mixed reviews about this place. I really want to love it since Alice was created in Rome but I just don't love it. 
I've gotten the pizza from the counter several times and it just doesn't meet my expectations of a pizza. It has always been so dry and I've seen several fruit flies flying around over the pizzas which is pretty gross. I've gotten the cheese pizza and the hot oil tomato pizza. I've also sat down and ordered a pie of pizza and it tasted completely different, it was much better then the several times I've gotten it from the counter. 
Dessert- I'd definitely come back to this place just for wine and dessert. As soon as you walk in you're greeted by the dessert counter and someone asking you if you need help.BEST Pizza in the town!!! 
Various (10+) options of thin & crust pizza, all fresh made and unique!
I believe it's one of the most authentic pizzeria I ever tried, since it has tons of stores in ITALY. 
I rarely consider myself a "pizza-lover", but Alice Pizza refreshed my mind. 
The pizzas here are not bland at all as other comments mentioned. They have much more tastes than just covered with salt & pepper like from every other pizza store. 
Just go and try every flavor for a tiny little piece!Excellent aperitivo/happy hour. The pizza sampler was excellent and the calamari are lightly fried and delicious, not dripping in oil. The Aperol Spritz made me miss Italy. I'm certain I'll be back, and it doesn't hurt that their happy hour is from 3-6pm!I had Alice Pizza for the first time the other night. A friend ordered for my going away party and we got 5 different kinds. Every single one was amazing and delicious! I wish I had known of this great place before moving out of state. It is a must try. Fresh ingredients, amazing flavor combinations, veg options, and reasonable delivery time. It did not last long at the party and everyone loved it.What can I say about this place more than the gelato and the Caprese salad were absolutely an  experience not to be missed. The pizza looked amazing but they don't have a gluten free version. 
The waitress behind the very trendy ice cream bar was lovely and attentive. The music was viby and Italian, definitely coming back  here again!! Can't have enough of their gelatoWe went here twice and loved it. The pizza varieties are inventive and delicious and the toppings sit on some of the best pizza crust in the city. If you're not dining in, the ordering process is a little awkward but they just opened and I would expect them to eventually work out the kinks.Alice Pizza is a "roman-style" pizza chain straight out of Rome. It has multiple locations in rome and this is its first Philly location. The restaurant is a really big hybrid of multiple types of restaurant in a small location. It's a take-out pizza place, ordered by the slice, a bakery/gelateria a bar, and a sit-down restaurant. That's a lot to fit in the small-ish space. 
I have ordered pizza here many times, and that's my favorite part about Alice Pizza. As a native chicagoan I like my pizza really thin and crispy (Chicago isn't just deep dish!!). I generally dislike new york style or any "foldable pizza". I don't think pizza should be limp and soggy. It should be light and crispy.
The other great thing about Alice pizza other than the crispiness is the ingredients and the ordering method. You can order for eat in or take out (space is sometimes limited for eating in). There are always many pizzas displayed and you can choose how big of a slice you want. There are ingredients on pizza that you don't really see elsewhere and they are usually high quality, like anchovies and nicer pepperonis/salamis and meats. Of course, this comes with a higher price than your regular slices of pizza hut pizza, but I think it is definitely worth it.
The one thing I didn't like about Alice was the food in the sit-down section. I got a salad and I felt like the salad portions were a little small and not as good as the pizza.This was the most delicious pizza I have ever eaten! The crust was especially heavenly--crisp, crackly, light and just thick enough. The toppings were plentiful and varied--everyone could find something to love. The Prosecco was a wonderful addition as was the gelato. I will definitely return!Really great pizza by the cut (you pick size)....I think they weigh it. They have full service but that's on the other side and you can't do by the cut. The pizza is thicker in size but very light and crunchy. The ingredients are quality but I would of liked to taste a bit more sauce. They also have great desserts...a 4.5 star for sure but I rounded up. Definitely worth the walk. We where at doubletree by Hilton and it's only a 3-5 minute walkmy teenage nieces and nephews treated me to lunch.  We shared about 8 slices and salad and dessert.  All ingredients fresh and delicious.  Staff were very helpful.  We enjoyed our meal and highly recommend.  Nice atmosphere; comfortable seating.The servers handle the ready to made pizza poorly. They use the same serving spatula with the meat and vegetarian items without washing them. They also place the meat pizzas on the same trays as the vegetarian pizza. Lastly, they don't use any wax paper when measuring the weight. There is tons of cross contamination. If you are a vegetarian or don't appreciate the risk of contamination, I would definitely avoid this restaurant.Ownership cares about making a great impression on their customers. They are not scared to admit an oversight by their kitchen. This is rare in the restaurant industry, as most would just ignore such concerns by a customer. For that reason, I believe the place deserves another chance !This truly is the best pizza ever! I love the light airy taste of the dough and that all the ingredients taste fresh. I love the roman concept of pizza by the pound too, because you can savor many different flavors. Their gelato's are to die for! I'm a regular here, and sometimes embarrassed to go, because I go so often. 
Not only is their pizza delicious, but so is their service. There's a cute girl that works there that knows me on a first name basis and she's so sweet! All their staff are inviting!First of all, just be aware that when it gets crowded (it WILL get crowded), there isn't really a clear line to order. It's more like a deli counter. 
Second of all, wow. The crust is light and oh so crispy and the toppings are fresh and plentiful. I got there just before the crowd- I told the woman I was ordering from that I wanted to get three different flavors- I thought that might help her determine how big a slice I would want. Maybe it helped, maybe she just already knew. There are so many topping combos, I guarantee it will be hard to choose. I got the rosemary potato, burrata and tomato, and zucchini and ricotta. $5 for an entire plate of pizza. It was amazing. Definitely stop by here. I also got gelato- the "desire" flavor was amazing- it was a great palate cleanser.The pizza was good, but the staff that are handling the pizza for you (cutting it and putting it in the oven) do not wear gloves, which i found unsanitary.  Also, they offer 1 size fountain soda which is a small (10-12 oz) and charge you $2.80 (before the soda tax) and refuse refills.  I specifically asked when i ordered it and saw the price, if I could get a refill because it was so small and the woman told me she would refill it.  When I went to get it refilled, a man said no they don't do refills "because the soda tax is killing them," which i find to be a very suspect comment considering they opened about a week ago.  It's just bad for business.  The pizza wasn't good enough to outweigh this soda situation in my opinion.Authentic roman style pizza. Reminds me of my grandmas, but with better topping options. I've tried around 5 different slices here and they're all excellent. I was especially impressed with the eggplant. I did sit down waiter service, and the server was really sweet and helpful. I loved my prosecco.The pizza here is always great and fairly affordable, while the gelato is to die for!!! The service is always great and I love the atmosphere in the restaurant. Can't help myself from coming back all the time!Food was excellent...charcuterie board was very generous and burrata caprice was wonderful!  Amazing service for only having their outdoor seating open for four days!  Steve really made our evening fun!Definitely my favorite pizza lunch spot in the city. You point to what you want, they weigh it, heat it up, you pay. 
I love the European vibe- the place is cleaner than any pizza place I've seen in Center city (other than Joe's Pizza- also very clean!) 
They have fancy coffee drinks, ice cream and desserts, too.
I also like that they don't waste boxes if you're taking a slice or two to go. Seems like a huge waste to use a box for something you'll eat in 15 minutes. They wrap it nicely on a plate.
The staff is friendly and organized. 
Stop by at least once. It's different than any pizza place you've seen in Philly.Awesome pizza.
My wife, daughter and I stopped in after The Johnny Shortcake Show at the Kimmel Center to grab a quick bite.  I was not hungry when we arrived but after watching them enjoy their pizza I tried a slice and I was very impressed.  The crust stands out.  So crispy and light.  The staff was great as well and it was interesting watching them prepare the pizzas.
Seating is limited, but they have tables and window front options as well. Most whom I saw visiting were there ordering carry out.  
Oh, and did I mention price?  Very reasonable.  I will be back and highly recommend this place.Coming to Alice's pizza after a long day on the road was nothing short of warm and comforting. The italian food here was absolutely phenomenal and filling too. 
Got the pizza crust appetizer and the margarita pizza. Both of these were excellent, artisan dishes that filled me right up. 
The pizza was pretty decent, it was definitely not a style that I enjoy but it was made with quality and should be excellent to anyone who tries it. 
This place is a definite stop if you are in Philly.Uh oh! I was so excited to try out this new pizza place. I'd passed it a few times just before it opened and meant to come back and give it a try. I didn't realize that it was Roman style pizza until I walked in, and I was ~ecstatic~ because that's my absolute favorite! Ever since I visited Rome a few years back I've had a major crush on zucchini pizza. It's hard to find a place in the states that has zucchini pizza as one of their staples, but I saw it at the front of the line-up at Alice and I was elated. I got myself a big slice of that along with the parmigiana (eggplant, chunky tomato sauce & mozz) and spicy potato. It ended up being about $12 for the three slices. 
Unfortunately, when I sat down and reached for the parmesan cheese shaker, I found it to be SO moldy and discolored that it was unrecognizable. I went to the counter next to me and found that the shaker there was also moldy and completely yellowed. NOOOOOO!!! I was so excited about this amazing new pizza spot I'd just found and I was ready to brag to my friends about it. BUMMER. I was a little more skeptical about the food quality after that, but I ate my pizza anyway because damn, it looked good. I'm probably biased now, but even though I thought the flavors were good, I found the quality of ingredients to be subpar. For example, the ricotta cheese was salty and bland, not the creamy melt-in-your-mouth kind I expected. The diced tomatoes were also pretty pale & flavorless. 
Overall, I'm impressed by the extensive menu of pizza options and I think that Alice would satisfy any pizza craving in a pinch. I'm disappointed that such a new restaurant is already struggling with food safety practices. There's another Roman-style pizzeria in the Rittenhouse area which I like (will review soon) and I feel that one uses higher quality ingredients and produces a better flavor (not to mention creates a much nicer atmosphere), so I'll skip Alice next time and head to 21st to get my fill of zucchini pizza from now on :PI just polished off a slab of Alice's Funghi & Quattro Formaggi, and I do not jest that was literally the best pizza I've ever had.
Right next to the 15th & Locust Patco station, this counter service patisserie/pizzeria is to die for.
They cut you off a slab of their numerous and varied pan pizzas and price it according to weight. I got about a medium sized slice of pizza for 3.00, and it was worth every penny. 
There is sitting space along one side of the shop, the staff was lovely, and their pastries will definitely be on my agenda next time I stop in.This place is awesome! Heard good things and saw it on the news.  Stopped in to treat myself after shopping and stopping at the wine and spirits store ( haha one of those days).  Had no idea how to order.  Everything looked so amazing and the girl helping me was really nice and was not annoyed at all when I asked her for a sliver of 3 different kinds of pie. Since they sell pizza by the ounce I was tempted to try many.  I would have deff been annoyed and I'm sure people get even more annoying than me with that.  Anyway, the pizza was amazing especially the crust.  Philly has a terrible pizza scene (besides a select few). I will definitely be back and I hope others try it out.  And just a heads up, it's not greasy American pizza, it's real Italian pizza.  Delicious!I've been to the stand version of this place in Rome, Italy. I never expected one to come all the way over here. I was surprised and immediately decided to go. I went and took my mother for an early Mother's Day celebration. Now what did I think of the food, one the pizza was extremely good, it's crispy and very lightweight. Not only that, it'll make you beg for more. One thing you should know, you can't book a table/reservation. The rest of the food looked great as well. If you are looking for a new place for lunch, or dinner, this is the place for you.
Thanks for your time.We had gelato over here which was Nutella flavored. You can taste most flavors and it's a little pricy but worth it!Pizza by weight is genius. They have a bunch of varieties, including veggie options, and the price is great for a quick lunch. I had spicy eggplant and mixed veggie for less than $5. The eggplant was too greasy and might've been sitting out too long, but flavors on both were solid. 
You take a number, like at a deli counter, but this is NOT clearly communicated. As a result, the uninitiated (me and the dude next to me) stand around looking like doofuses. Not a big deal, unless you're pressed for time or someone takes the last slice of whatever you wanted (you'll be mine one day, potato pizza).
At 1:45 pm, with a handful of customers, the pizza area (there's a space for gelato orders and also a sit-down part of the restaurant) felt like a madhouse. Staff were rushing around looking frenzied as they cut up, weighed, and heated slices. Here's my main gripe: they use the same knife to cut meat and veggie pizza! Then, they weigh it on the same piece of paper on the scale. What's the point of using the paper if you don't change it for new orders? VEGETARIANS BEWARE! I know it all goes in the same oven, but come on. Surely some effort can be made to accommodate your vegetarian customers. Frankly, if I didn't order any meat, you should just assume I don't want bacon grease touching my eggplant. 
The to-go orders are wrapped in pretty paper, which is a nice touch.Alice (pronounced ah-LEE-cheh) just opened and it's such a nice addition to the row of bars/restaurants on 15th Street. 
Alice is the first U.S offshoot of the Roman pizzeria, they use a 48-hour rise with limited yeast that makes the pizza taste light and airy. It has a nice crunch and the flavors really pop. The pizza is baked in trays and I think that adds seasoning to the crust - very tasty!
The slices are sold the weight, you're able to choose the size of the slice (cut into rectangles). 
I got a plain slice (marinara and mozzarella), as well as the spicy eggplant.
Since it's a new place, it was fairly crowded but it's well managed - customers take a number (deli-style) for their pizza/salad/soup order. They also have pastries, Italian coffees, Italian beverages and gelato. There's a full bar as well.A lot of hype for hardly average pizza. The pizza was very greasy, the dough was dense and honestly the pizza didn't have much flavor. The service was slow even when we were the only customers in line.
I did like the pay by weight(oz) style- which lets you to choose the exact size of the slices you order. I was able to try all the different varieties I wanted in one meal! Sadly, all the vegetarian varieties were underwhelming. Also, I'm pretty certain there was cross contamination between the meat and the vegetarian pizza. 
If you want variety come here, but if you want quality go somewhere else.Service was great but the actual pizza and pasta we ordered was tasteless... we had to add a TON of salt, pepper, oregano and red flakes... I never complain about food but it was very disappointing... the presentation was amazing and I was so excited to order but after the first bite, I knew it would be bad... not coming backWe stumbled on Alice Pizza purely by chance when I noticed the Gelato in the window.  Located on the corner of 15th and Locust look for the New Awnings with Alice emblem on them.  Across the street from Dunkin Donuts and Bank Of America. 
Just opened yesterday, it was already crowded.  As soon as you step inside the Gelato, Dessert and Coffee are in front.  On the left side pull a number and when called let them know what pizza you want and tell them how big or small you want it. They sell pizza by the ounce.  On the right hand side if you prefer to sit, it's first come first serve and you need to wait to get seated. It's pretty small and there are only a few tables available and a bar.
On the sit down side you'll need to purchase the personal size pizza they don't sell it by ounce.  
The workers are very friendly and they explained to me that there are over 100 Alice Pizza locations throughout Italy, this location is the 1st in the US and they fly in the dough for the pizza from Italy. It's Roman style and thin crusted.
The coffee and gelato served here is from Gran Caffe L'Aquila which is produced by Stefano Biasini (Gelato Champion). It was delicious yet a bit pricey $5.50 for a small scoop. 
Only tried the Gelato tonight and plan to sample their pizza tomorrow! It Smelled and looked delicious!Great concept- pizza by the pound! However, the slight blandness and over crispness makes this breath goodness more akin to focaccia than pizza. 
Great for a quick bite to eat- in a non rushed atmosphere (maybe those are my ny roots emerging) with a touch of service. 
Will say this- this thinner pizzas are much better than their breadier counterparts. 
A could try, not a must have.The owner contacted me and said not being able to get two flavors of gelato in a pint was a mistake. You can get up to three.   Therefore, they get five stars. The spicy eggplant and spicy potato pizza are both fabulous.Margarita pizza was spot on. Tomato sauce was sweet with chunks of tomato. Crust was just right.I Love coming here because it reminds me of my study abroad in Rome Italy and frequently having lunch at the pizzeria across the street from the University where I got to choose from multiple amazing and delicious pizzas. Alice is one of a kind in Philadelphia. The crust is just thin and crispy enough to get a crunch in every bite. I appreciate the authentic Italian toppings, similar to what you would find in Italy. I have yet to try their gelato or stay for dinner. The staff is always very friendly and have great customer service.3.5 stars, rounded up. 
The pizza is either by the slice (charged per ounce) or by 1/4, 1/2, or full size "trays". I've gotten 1/2 size trays to go a few times. Our go-tos are the Margherita Plus and Rossa. The crust is nice and crispy, while still being doughy on top. 
The last few times we've ordered from Alice, they would tell me 15-20 minutes for the order to be ready, but I would end up waiting another 10-15 minutes or so after the fact. Be prepared to wait if you're not eating inside the restaurant.This pizza was amazing! there were so many types to choose from. My boyfriend and i live in the neighborhood and were very excited to try Alice. It did not disappoint! this is truly one of a kind pizza for Philadelphia and tastes incredibly authentic. I felt like i was back in Rome. We loved it so much we went back a second night. Will definitely be a regular at Alice.Great little find. Pizza was fantastic. Drinks were reasonable. It appealed to both my kids and me - increasingly a difficult goal to reach! Cappuccino was delicious and paired great with a scoop of gelato. Definitely recommendOh! My goodness! The pizza sold by the ounce here is outstanding! This is my first visit here and it won't be my last. I had the margarita pizza. It couldn't be any better!We were in the area wanted to try a quick slice and a couple desserts. 
Got the broccoli sausage slice. It was good. 
The crust was quality and the toppings were decent. 
Sausage just didn't have a whole ton of flavor for me. 
The cannoli was very crisp and the ricotta filling was good but my wife really loves cannolis so she polished it off I just had a tiny bite. 
I ate the bread pudding at home so I can reheat it. 
Very dense. The flavors were good.Ordered salsiccia e broccoli pizza and pistachio gelato and WOW! Both were excellent and very filling. I could've easily split my personal pizza. The dough was excellent and toppings were awesome. I loved the atmosphere, especially with the holiday decorations. Cute and relaxing for a sit down pizza place. Plus, the gelato was SUPERB! Loved the authenticity of the desserts. Definitely coming back with friends!The best pizza around.  The WORSE service ever.  I cannot figure out how to order at the counter.  I have stood there - have been ignored - when I asked for service, the counter person has been condescending.  Can't figure out the system there.  But the food is great.Gelato was great, tiramisu was a little dry, but ok flavor. Honestly, I'd give this place a 4 but for some reason the manager kept staring at me like I kicked his dog or something from the moment we walked in. The girl at the counter was patient and responsive but went on her break mid order. When we sat down at the empty counter I placed 2 shopping bags with wine glasses in them on the counter while I got situated and this manager comes over and demands that I put the bags on the floor. That alone wouldn't have been on my radar had he not just been giving me icy stares a moment earlier and AFTER I tipped for the counter served food. There are better places in Center City. Go to Gran Cafe L'Aquila instead, they treat you much better.Got delivery of the Quattro formagi with mushrooms and the diavlo, both were amazing!! I think it was better or at least on par with pizza we had in Rome!Some great pizza and espresso here. Looking forward to trying out the pastries and gelato soon!I'm obsessed with Alice Pizza. I've tried a wide variety of their pizzas, pastas, and salads and you cannot go wrong. The crust is thin and crispy and their sauce & topping game is on point. My favorite is probably the eggplant pizza but it is truly hard to choose. Their gnocchi is fresh and melt-in-your-mouth. 
I usually get delivery but have gone in for dinner once and it was fun to grab a few different slices and try them all. No bad options!Please don't judge me for ordering a half-sheet of "margarita plus" pizza (with sausage) and eating it on my floor. 
With that being said, I'm keeping this review as short as possible so that I can eat this entire pizza by myself. 
The pizza has this great, thin-crust feeling and the toppings are delicious and plentiful. I always have a problem with the tomato sauce on pizza, but I don't here-- this one is not too acidic, but not too sweet either. The cheese is thick, chewy, and overall amazing. And the sausage crumbles? Don't even get me started.
Alice Pizza is clean, affordable, and an overall great experience. Definitely come here!!I hardly ever give out 5 stars but this place was something special. I absolutely adore the assortment of pizza they offer, and I love that they have the slices on display. I ordered the pizza with eggplant on it, I am not a huge fan of eggplant, but wow was this piece amazing. I wish I had known about this place sooner because I'd come to this location every time I visit philly. The place is a little crammed but it's still very beautiful inside. Definitely gotta try this place :)Meh.  Pizza is OK.  Lots of fancy pay by the weight pizza that ends up being overpriced for what it is.  The real disappointment was the gelato.  I've been there several times for the pizza jut to get something a little different than the standard triangle deal.  In doing so I would lovingly long for the gelato.  On a lark, I decided to give the gelato a go. My gelato tasted like a freezer.  I don't care that its winter.  If you are going to sell overpriced ice cream. It should be fresh and not freezer flavored...Came here for a quick dessert and latte.  The Napoleon I had was not fresh at all; it wasn't stale but it definitely was not a flaky pastry that is the hallmark of a great Napoleon and the custard had started to dry out as well.  The Ricotta Cheesecake was really thick and creamy; not too sweet either.  I also had a soy latte which had way too much foam to be a proper latte; it was more of a cappuccino than a latte.So I've had the take out pizza, and also the personal pizza (at the sit down side of the restaurant), Caesar salad, the gelato and the chocolate cake. If you like a decent amount of sauce and/or cheese, you'll prob be disappointed because apparently Italians don't put a lot of either on their pizza. But if you get the personal pizza, they make it fresh, ask for extra cheese and a side of sauce (to dip), and it's pretty bomb. $13, but can feed two people. Caesar salad is good, good amount of cheese on that. Gelato is good but crazy expensive. But if you got it like that (some people do) definitely grab the chocolate. Chocolate cake was good, ganache was thick. Overall, it's gotten better, but sauce/cheese lovers just be aware you gotta ask for extra ;)Pizza is very good. The crust is thin and crispy and they offer many different pizzas. Pizza is sold by weight which is cool. Pizzas are rectangular and not your typical pie. Expensive but you can consider this more upscale pizza.
The service was fast, maybe not as fast as your typical pizzeria, but fast considering that the restaurant is busy. You can get alcoholic beverages, gelato and other desserts here as well.I'm sooooo lucky to live one block from here!!! It's so so yummmy!!! I love this place! There are so many places to choose from and this is the jam!  Yummy yummy the cheese...the bread. Is perfect. The staff is quite friendly and the place is cute and charming!Oh, man. Can I give it six stars?  I walked all over looking for pizza and ask several people for reviews. unfortunately this was not the first one recommended but as soon as I saw it I was sold. This is exactly like pizza you get in Italy. The quality, the style. I wish they had a place like this back in LA. The gelato it's more of a 4 *. But do yourself a favor and do not miss this pizza.Definitely an upscale pizza kind of place! Food is great, the bartender was great and I loved my wine (to bad I can't remember what it is now). And the gelato and pastries are amazing. Between the restaurants set up and food, it really reminded me of when I was in Rome. Definitely worth checking outCame here for a quick bite after work.  Was surprised to find a decent selection of food: pizza, salad, pastries, and ice cream.  Got myself a variety of pizzas.  The cool thing here is that the price is by the weight of the pizza so you can mix and match.  
The waiter forgot about our pizza which came out burnt.  She then tied to fix the issue by giving us new slices, but it was not warm enough.  Overall decent experience and food was good.  I'd like to come back to try the gelato.
~$10This is such a cute spot! We ordered the margherita and ortolano pizza along with the ravioli. There's a sign that says the pizza takes a while and it really does lol, we waited probably 25 mins for it to come out. I thought the margherita was alright, nothing special, but the ortolano was amazing!! The ravioli was also delicious. You can tell everything is cooked fresh, and it tastes very authentic too! 
We also tried some of the gelato flavors and they were mediocre, I would rather walk a few blocks and go to capogiro instead lol.