Was skeptical at first but in the end this non vegan had a great meal and met the owner who is a treasure. Clearly puts her heart and soul into her businessIt's hard to find a place that has delicious raw food. The place is really nice, the owner is kind, the food is good, the experience is with it. I would recommend for a vegan, raw dietI heard about All the Way Live through friends that practice ayurveda and the raw food lifestyle. They raved about Nyeisha (the owner) who warmly welcomes you into her home and adapts a standard American restaurant menu into meals made with all fresh organic fruits and veggies. There is no dairy, wheat, soy, or any animal products in her food. Most of the menu is completely raw but you can ask for a cooked dish if you prefer.
The place I heard about, I guess what used to be her home, was moved to Germantown ave. It is a very spacious lovely cafe with very eclectic furniture. You can order dishes in small (a choice of 3) or large (a choice of 5) with sides or main dishes.
One of my favorite things about eating at more natural places is fresh juice and fresh tea. One of my biggest pet peeves is bagged tea. Yuk gross.
We got fresh apple cider and chamomile. Our appetizers: sea green salad, sprouted chick pea hummus, quinoa salad marinated with cilantro and fresh veggies (this was awesome!). Sprouted wild rice with kale and a hot dish-the sabgi-mixed veggies cooked in Indian spices. Last, the raw lasagna made with raw nut cheese, which was also a good size and ended up being too much food!
The dishes were prepared all wonderfully over a bed of greens. Everything was flavorful and was the most interesting date I had in a long time! I'd have to say 5 stars on the presentation. Not to mention the dessert menu is fantastic. Raw cheesecake and carob cake WOW melts in your mouth. also Nyeisha comes out and talks about the dishes with you, letting you know what's in them and asking you what you think. She catered to my allergies and was very respectful and interesting. Her website is truly inspiring. Her bio explains how the western diet had affected her health and she had cured herself of diabetes, obesity, and depression by returning to raw cleanses and a healthy lifestyle. It is rare to find places like this on the east coast and not have to go up to New York. I'm so happy Philly is coming around :)Love raw food and the lifestyle. Stopped by this place on a Saturday afternoon. Completely empty which I expected.  Wanted to get a take out to try their raw vegan deserts. We got two of them. The apple cake and carob pie. They were pretty good, but not as good as other raw vegan deserts I had. Thought their staff could of been more helpful and friendlier. Their menu is a little expensive in my opinion for raw foods but I understand it's all fresh ingredients. Different from other raw veg restaurants I've been to, don't think I'll be back.I never like raw food until I came here. It's not the best location but once I get in there and sit in the relaxed area with the kind owner and her sweet daughter I forget all about that. The food is new, different and tasty. The deserts are great and guilt-free. The whole experience was great. I've been twice and will go many more times I am sure.This place is truly amazing. I'm not really understanding the complaints about the price, any cheaper and they might as well give it away for free. Yes, you will wait a bit for your food but just be patient and relax, the space is beautiful. The flavors are amazinggg, I had the lasagna and the seaweed salad and I cleaned my plate. Lovely people and great service. Will definitely return.Great Taste.. Great Flavor.. Great Raw Food!! I could eat there everyday and hangout for hours! You have to meet the owner.. Nuff said! Philly's Best and maybe only raw food place but it will easily compete and kick butt with any others.The food is Delicious!!!! The "No Meat" Walnut meat is INCREDIBLE!!! It doesn't look so inviting from the outside, but once you walk in, you will be greeted with great music and a large dining area. Give it a try.The Raw Vegan cheesecake is delicious. Honestly, I think they are lying about the raw and vegan part. It's that good. I'm not even a vegetarian so check this place out. You won't be disappointed.Its was OK.  The price didn't match the quality though. I had a sandwich and it was pretty good but it is so expensive.The best raw food I've ever tasted!  I had the kale, quinoa & BBQ mushrooms with coconut water...everything was delicious. I can't wait to come back & try some other dishes AND DESSERTThis place gives off old brownstone vibes. The restaurant has the original hard wood and has a very warm feel. The food is delicious,  electric,  and alkaline. The staff are so kind and there are many menu choices. The only con is it can be a bit pricey.I tried All the Way Live for the first time tonight and it was amazing! My fiancé and I got appetizers a chickpea sandwich, lasagna and cheesecake. Everything was great. We got there too late to dine in, but it seemed like a nice relaxed atmosphere. We will definitely be back soon! I wish there was a place like this in my neighborhood.Love coming here. The energy is amazing. Would've never thought raw vegan food could be this good. The owner is friendly and amazing!I really wanted to like this place! It's not often that you find a vegan restaurant in this part of the city.
However, the quality/quantity of the food simply did not warrant the price.
Our order consisted of a mushroom burger, veggie lasagna, two sides & one dessert. Cost = $55
Normally, I wouldn't consider that price high. But, the quality of the food (in my opinion), didn't warrant the cost.
Also, it seemed as though everything was in a sauce and had a taste similar to that of Indian food (i.e., the spices). This may be due to personal preference.
The service was great -- very quick delivery. I'll likely give this place another shot, to make sure it wasn't just one bad experience!The other reviewers hit some great points  The food is that good and I doubt I will go anywhere else for my "new" raw lifestyle.
Today I had the pleasure of finding this place after a 45 minute drive and having a nice chat with Bev and she assured me that raw food can be that good. Raw goes beyond the Vegan and Vegetarian Lifestyle and requires a true belief of the benefits - physically and mentally. Mentally I was starting to wonder if I could give up good addicting food. Physically I have never felt better and it's only been a short time since I started - relatively speaking and thank Goodness All The Way Live Cafe put me back on track!
I ordered the Chickpea Burger and Apple Cake, and as a previous review mentioned, I too wonder if this is Raw. IT"S THAT GOOD!!!!! Better than GOOD!
I'll be back. Probably several times a week. My new lifestyle requires a 45 minute drive but that's the easy part knowing what is waiting for me!I'm so glad we stopped in here. Went to check out Germantown and was looking for somewhere to eat that had vegetables. I hit the jackpot with my 4 item bowl of super flavorful and hearty ingredients. Also we had a chick pea garbanzo burger. It was large enough to share. The only thing missing was music or background sound, though it was peaceful.  I think this place could offer some kind of hot tea connoisseur bar to add to the experience, maybe make a presentation out of it or something? It has the space and would so seem to fit in. Also bright Open sign to complement the peaceful wood sign outsideUnfortunately I had a terrible experience here.
I had some vegan friends visiting from out of town, so we decided to check out this place, after all it has great reviews and it wasn't too far away.
When we arrived, the 4 of us sat at a table by the window. There was one other person in the restaurant, using a laptop and working while eating. We ordered after looking over the menu for about 10 minutes. 
Then we waited...
and waited...
and waited...
50 minutes comes and goes and not once did anyone come out to check on us in all of that time.
 Finally the food arrives, this time the waitress is someone new. 
She states she "just got here" and asks us who ordered what. Once she serves out all the food, we discover that my boyfriend's entree is missing and my friends did not get their hummus and pita (which was ordered as a starter, mind you).
we waited some more...
about 10-15 more minutes and finally the other food comes out. 
Our waters are empty and we end up having to wait about 5 minutes for the waitress to come back so that we can ask for refills.
The food was just OK. I'm not vegan and neither is my boyfriend, but we do enjoy vegan food normally.We didn't care for the "burgers". The hummus was good and the "chilli" was good. My vegan friends liked their squash soup, but that was about it. 
Finally, we had to wait some more for the check. Over the course of this lunch we had to go out twice to put money in the meter before it ran out. 
The lunch ended up taking over an hour and a half and it honestly wasn't that delicious. I felt compelled to write this review as a warning to others.
I can 100% understand a wait on a busy Saturday, but not when there is only 1 other customer in the store.
I won't be back.Not sure where everyone is complaining about being over priced. I've eaten at some raw places that were more expensive with much smaller portions. That's the important thing here, I got the small platter (choice of 3 sides for $12) and was pleasantly surprised with the amount of food i received. 
Wasn't too thrilled with their beverage program. I was expecting more fresh juices. 
Don't let the exterior of the building dismay you, it's quite beautiful inside. They should really liven up the outside of the building tho. 
Customer service is a bit strange as well. So if you're expecting formal dining service you might wanna go elsewhere.Excellent original unique vegan food.
My husband and I enjoyed our dinner  - mine chickpea mushroom burger on a spelt pita, his BBQ mushroom /squash/hummus pita.  We also liked the unique drinks which were not too sweet.  Try the ginger lime - it has a good hit of ginger.  Yes the service was not speedy like what we are used to but it was relaxed and quiet , easy to have a conversation, the space very clean and simple.  Loved it.I decided to use my UberEATS promo code EATSPHL16 to get $15 off my order. Despite a little trouble with the delivery, the food was AMAZING! I'm so happy to have discovered this place. As a vegetarian, I will definitely order again soon. 
(The UberEATS promo code is only valid thru Dec.13.2016.)I have been here 2 times and have not been disappointed.  I have tried 3 different things every time i've gone here and everything was great. Can't wait to go back when they have the Lasagna.I was introduced to All The Way Live and Sister Beverly in January of this year.  Since then, I have not had one iota of a desire to dine anyplace else.
It is a spiritual hangout that happens to also be a restaurant.  The menu is vegan - half of the items completely uncooked, raw, and alive.  The vibe is among the most chillest that I have found in my travels.
My last visit, Sis Bev made a special dish for me:  Wakame salad, Nori sheets, Barbecue Portabellos, and Avocado.  All the way live.  One word: SUPERB, perfect, and just right.
I love the fact that right now it is a select few beautiful souls who frequent the place.  But, hey, I can't hide a gorgeous treasure such as this.  So if it feels right for you, definitely stop by and pay a visit to the only restaurant in Philadelphia.I love this place! Food is delicious and good for you. A nice combination! Great for Sebi followers.I've been eating here for years and without a doubt this is my go-to spot for yummy raw/vegan goodness! The owner is phenomenal and informative if you have any questions about maintaining a plant based lifestyle. I live for their wild rice, veggies, and the cheesecake... UGH!!!This is one of the best kept secrets in philly. Amazing vegan food for everyone. The appetizers are amazing and great to share with a friend. They don't use any sugar as a sweetener in any of their food, only agave. The service is incredible and they can answers any questions you have. The main course was great. The only problem I have is that I was too full to get a dessert and the dessert menu looked incredible! I need to get back in there and start with dessert!I truly enjoyed the nut burger, chickpea chili and the apple pie. Looking forward to trying more optionsFirst time eating here and I am so glad we found this place! Very cozy atmosphere with AMAZING food! The chickpea chili is out of this world, along with the lasagna. Great portions and great value. My partner and I are very strict in what we eat. This place was able to provide great healthy clean food that we didn't have to worry about eating. We could even eat the amazing desert that was available. We ordered the apple pie and coconut cream banana pie. Everything was GREAT! Go check this place out!I was looking for a local vegan place for my husband and myself. Nice, clean environment. I ordered the nut burger for us both. I also ordered the apple cake and cheesecake. We were highly disappointed. It was a cold burger which means it's a mix made into a burger. For us, it just didn't do it and it's expensive.Bad experience:
I ordered one entree and a cake. It took 1 hour!!! Just waited and waited. 
Finally, I get up to walk out the the waitress resurfaces screaming that my food is ready. 
She gave me 50% for waiting which was a nice gesture. I was starving and appreciated her effort. 
The food was completely disgusting. I was disappointed bc I had high hopes. I almost vomited in my car. Was very disappointed. But the silver lining is that I didn't pay 100% to vomit. 
Also, there was only one waitress. I waited an additional 20 minutes to order so 1.5hrs for a lasagna and a cheesecake. ANNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDD they forgot my cabbage. 
Just bad overall. Won't be back or recommend to anyone.The service can be slow, but the food is absolutely delicious. Every dish is worth trying, but the Spaghetti and the Chickpea Chilli are a must. The desserts are divine.
The owner, Bev is friendly and gracious, but I wish she would hire someone to work the dining area to speed up service.Possibly the worst service I've ever experienced. Server was not attentive. We were sat immediately and given menus and then had to wait at least 15 minutes for our server to return. Mind you, she walked away to help the only other two people in the building and just left us there. No drink order after all that. When she finally returned, a boy appeared out of nowhere with waters while we were giving our order. I ordered an apple cider, which came out with my food and was clearly apple juice. I'm sorry, but I swear these people have never even eaten at a restaurant before. No one can even hold a tray in this building. The food was honestly okay, but I think it just tasted better because we were starving from waiting another 20/25 minutes for our cold sandwiches to come out. The cool thing was definitely the tables. They were all mismatched kitchen tables and I thought that was kind of neat. It was also really expensive. Especially for the quality or lack there of, both food and service.The food was good. Yes. But customer service was not there. Went inside for a pick up order and the communication was just not there. The cashier not only handed us a book as if we dined in , instead of just telling us our total, taking the money and giving change. But consistently kept walking away without telling us anything. Such as I'll be right back with you your change, or I have to get your apple pie from the back, I'll be right back. SOMETHING!!! I don't mind being patient but this took the cake, and we were ready to run outta there , leaving change and all. 
Maybe better to dine in, but I won't be going back anytime soon.The food is mouth wateringly delicious. I thought I was coming along with my vegan cooking but this completely blew me away and really showed me I'm still an amateur lol. Really cozy environment with some beautiful paintings as well. I would encourage anyone to give them a shotWonderful take-out experience! Serene atmosphere, excellent food & even better dessert!Food is absolutely delicious! Who knew that raw vegan food could taste so good! You will most likely be waiting awhile for your order, but it's well worth the wait. Your body will appreciate this good healthy food.Delicious food in a nice relaxing  interior design setting. Not cheap, but well worth it. The neighborhood is so-so, as a young man was pulled over by the cops and handcuffed as I approached. lol. But that won't stop me from coming back. The restaurant serves both raw and cooked vegan foods. The owner is very friendly too.GREAT food. I got a pita pocket with BBQ mushroom and forbidden black rice. It came with greens and AMAZING sauerkraut. There was so much flavor in the sauce inside the pita pocket, I was pleasantly surprised. The location is way out of the way for most city dwellers but it's worth it. There was literally no one else in the restaurant, but the service was great. Don't get the sea moss drink... it tasted like a banana milkshake.The food here is always fresh and delicious. Being a raw vegan, I love to eat here as often as I can and have been for several years. Beverly, the owner and chef, puts so much care into the preparation that it is always a delight no matter what I order.  Her menu is creative and she uses healthier fresh coconut in many desserts not solely relying on nuts, so the desserts are lighter and exquisite. The cheesecake and young coconut berry cream pie are my favorite desserts although the carob cake is also incredible. Try this with her vanilla ice cream! My favorite entrees are the chick pea burger and the lasagna. This restaurant is a treasure as is the owner herself.Yeah. Another random gem. Chickpea burger on raw coconut bread, forbidden black rice, sabgi (mixed Indian veggies) and chickpea chili. Sooo good. Definitely getting some raw salads for tomorrow to start my day.Very surprisingly good. I am a typical manly man that loves bacon lol. However, their walnut burger actually tasted like meat! .... well, not a burger, but meat.......Liverwurst! Lol.If you actually eat good/legit vegan food, avoid this place. First, waitress didn't know anything about the food my friend and I asked to order. I asked what an ingredient was and she said she didn't know. There were maybe 4 tables with people and we waited a good ten minutes for glasses of water which she spilled. Then our food came out and it was soooo boring. Nothing had flavor, nothing seemed particularly fresh or raw. My friends food was wrapped in plastic wrap. I can't believe they charge $12 for a meal. 
It also smelled like musty mold and the bathrooms were falling apart. 
Do yourself a favor, spend the time to go into Philly to a legit vegan restaurant.Friendly staff. Tasty food. Restaurant serves extremely healthy dr sebi approved cusinine which is very rare. Unfortunately portion was small and wasn't my top choice flavor wise, although am sure their other dishes are better.Fresh ingredients but they put an exorbitant amount of sweet sauce (why sweet? and why so much?) on my lasagna. Apart from that, it was good.
The service was awful. I practically had to beg the server to take my order and to bring my food and beverage and to bring my bill. I was starting to feel like I should have brought my sleeping bag and camped out in there while waiting for everything. It took 30 minutes for the server to bring my bill and I had to ask for it THREE times, and each time, she was surprised that I was asking for it. This place is bizarre.This new outpost of All the Way Live Café offers a large menu and a spotlessly clean and relaxing dining room. I had squash soup, a pita filled with super kale and hummus, and a ginger lime juice. Everything was fresh and super delicious. A great addition to Chestnut Hill dining option.Where to begin, ordered the nut burger, sabgi and two avocado salads for pick up. It took 1 hour and 10 minutes for the order to be ready. My suspicion is they started making the order when I walked into the restaurant. They gave me the house salad with no dressing with half of an old and brown avocado. $13 for that salad, see the picture attached. Very disappointing. 
While I was standing in the place there were 4-5 people waiting for their orders and a few people at tables also waiting. 
I hope they can get their act together. Germantown needs some good restaurants and the quality and the service was not something people will be looking to come back to. 
And there is a 10% credit card fee. So bring a lot of cash with youI had been dying to try this place for such a long time! I always found myself in the area on either Monday's or Tuesday's when they're closed so it took me a lot longer than I would've liked. 
Finally made it to this 100% plant-based, super chill, kinda earthy, mother/daughter owned space in Germantown. 
I chose the 'pick a few' option so I could taste multiple dishes on my initial visit. Here are the prices: 
Small (choice of 3) $12
Medium (choice of 4) $16
Large (choice of 5) $20 
I went a small which was piled high with BBQ mushrooms, the "tuna" made from butternut squash and seas greens and the chickpea chili. 
Completely shocked by how much I enjoyed the "tuna". That was definitely my wild card pick and I'm glad I decided to go for it! The consistency was great and didn't freak me out at all. A slightly "fishy" flavor, but not too overpowering. Easily eaten with just a fork!
I loved the chickpea chili and could easily eat an entire bowl of it! Warm spices, hearty bites...perfect for a cold day 
The mushrooms were my least favorite of the bunch. Good. Just not "wow" like I had wanted. I saved leftovers for hubs and he agreed. Just a tad off from a BBQ flavor. 
I couldn't leave without a dessert to bring home to the kiddos (ok, I may or may not have had a taste). I went with a slice of raw vegan cheesecake served with thick gooey, sweet strawberry sauce.  It was absolutely delicious! The creamiest vegan cheesecake I've ever tasted with a date and nut crumbly crust. It was coconut based and did taste like it. Non coconut fans will want to skip this one and try another one of their tempting treats. 
Space was large and filled with greenery. Calming. 
I really enjoyed speaking with the owner, the mother, about her business and veganism in general. We're all soul-sisters in a sense. 
Can't wait to return when I'm in the neighborhood again on the correct day :) 
Bring those quarters. Old school meters on Germantown Ave.
Check out the bulletin board for local happenings and workshops.This is the BEST vegan restaurant that I've ever been to. The food is amazing and it's raw, so that's a plus. I was sold when I seen the Dr. Sebi inspired menu on their website before visiting. I literally visit this restaurant at least once a week. Thank God for good honest food that will nourish the body and not harm it. Thank you again to the owners of this fabulous restaurant.Great food and super clean + always consistent. I've been coming here about about 2 years now and it's still a favorite.Food takes to long to come out. Took 55 minutes to get our meal - the meal was delicious. It is BYO so if you wait at least you can drink.This is me and my hubby's favorite restaurant! We are vegan, but we don't always eat raw. This place definitely makes raw vegan absolutely delicious! Everyone that we have brought to this restaurant has LOVED the food here! My mother, who is not vegan, got the chickpea burger and loved it so much that she took half home and ate it for breakfast the next day! 
I HIGHLY recommend this place! You'll be pleasantly surprised!My, my, my... some the best places are found randomly. I was trying to cater to the vegan needs of my son and his mom so we gave this place a shot. CHICKPEA CHILI... MMM.. MMMM... DELICIOUS!!!! The cabbage type salad with side pitas was pleasing to the palate as well. Everything tasted amazingly flavorful. You can tell they put their heart into their cooking. 
The decor and aura inside the joint is very comforting, if you would like to dine in. 
Please just go to this place because you will not be disappointed! Especially, if you are a vegan.Stopped by today on my way to the Wissahickon and got a fabulous delicious meal of fresh vegetables and hummus.  Everything was fresh and very lovingly prepared.  I'll definitely be back!$Too, $too, $too, expensive!!!
The menu is not customer friendly.
The food was not all that good for the price.
Also, not that much on the menu to choose from.
I can make the same food, way  much $cheaper.
I will not be eating there anymore.
Customers beware, they charge a fee for using your credit or debit card.My, my, my...the best places are found randomly. I was trying to cater to the began needs of a friend of mines so I gave this place a shot. CHICKPEA CHILI....MMM..MMMM...DELICIOUS!!!! the cabbage type salad with side pitas was pleasing to the palate as well. 
Decor and aura inside the joint is very comforting, if you would like to dine inOrdered  chickpea burger . Burger was dry  and very salty . Paid $20 including delivery . Not worth it . 2 stars because order was delivered within  30 minutes. I will not order againNot a fan. I do not feel like I got the value I paid for. A friend and I have been cutting back on meat and trying to find good vegan friendly restaurants within the city, so based on the rating, I assumed this was a good place to visit. We ordered take out and I got a chickpea burger and my friend ordered 3 sides. They have the 3 sides option on the menu for $12, so one would think it would be equivalent to a meal. I was not a fan of my burger, it was cold, and did not have much flavor, almost tasted like a cold frozen vegetable burger. My friend ordered collard greens, rice, and cabbage. I wish I would have taken a picture but the portion size of the sides were equivalent to a scoop of ice cream. I think if they are going to charge that price they should give you more food. When we got the bag, I just assumed only the vegetable burger was inside because I could not imagine that the sides were able to fit in the bag as well. 
In general I get vegan food costing more because of the ingredients and preparation. However, 3 commonly used vegetables should not have been that price if they were only giving out that small amount of food. Oh and my burger came with no sides. It was legit just a burger.
I am hoping they revisit their menu and pricing.Really good food. Nice desserts, too. I felt good there and when I left and wish there more places around like them. I would go every day if they were closer.Food was amazing and Ms.Beverly was very hospitable, she had a wealth of information about healthy eating it was welcoming since I'm starting a plant based lifestyle I will definitely be back~Oh and the chocolate carob cake was to live forThis is not a review of the food as I was not able to get that far in my experience. I arrived during posted open hours on a Saturday afternoon to an empty restaurant. I looked at the menu and heard a phone ringing over and over, perhaps 8 times. I started to think I was the only one there. It stopped and then started again, and I heard it answered in the back. I approached the back and called out hello a few times, giving some time in case the person was on the phone. Nothing. I decided to sit for a bit. Called out again and nothing. At least 10 minutes passed(I had walked a long way and it was warm) before a young lady casually came from the back and said hello and confirmed they were open. She said not everything was available on the menu that day. Then she said she could take my order in two minutes as she had to take care of something. She did not return in two minutes or the generous five I gave her. I left. I do not expect to return. Two stars for a nice chair and cool space after a long walk on a warm day.I ordered a chickpea burger, which was as dry and flavorless as cardboard. Actually, the only flavor I could detect was table salt, and it was waaaaaay too salty. I even ordered two desserts, which were also inedible. This place is trolling the public. it's insulting that they don't bother hiring people who know how to prepare foods and on top of that, they have the audacity to charge so much money for their garbage "food".Fast service, polite staff. So many food options for a vegan restaurant. The food was delicious :)I wish this place were better. Cool location, love that it's on Germantown Ave. (Novelty of locations gives an otherwise one-star location, two stars.) But as a former vegan and a fan of vegan food, I was disappointed.
It was empty at lunch--huge room though. And despite the emptiness, the service left something to be desired. Five small scoops of various vegan pastes in a salad were offered at the alarming price of $20. High quality products, sure, but way overpriced for what appeared to be the work of a food processor. Maybe raw, vegan isn't for me, but the food lacked in creativity too. The flavors weren't all bad, but I don't see myself returning. 
Again, I'm not vegan or raw, so my assessment may not be what you are looking for. But surely even in a world of limited options, there are better ones than this.Pretty good food but pricey. Be prepared to wait even if you order over the phone. Was told my order was going to take 40mins, arrived and she told me another 20mins. This is not the first occasion I had to wait after ordering my food to go.I was really wowed by this place. I did Uber eats for delivery. I didn't realize this was a raw food establishment but as a vegan I'm open. I just like to know somewhere in the description what they were. Expectations are important. All that being said, the lasagna was delish!  Again I wasn't expecting a cold dish and that the zucchini pasta was actually just raw zucchini slices. 
I took a small bite of the apple cake. It's raw. Almost like a gigantic luna bar. I get it but it's not satisfying the baked goods desire I had. 
Advertising is super important folks.