The food, while over-priced for takeout, is very good. I love the food, but usually get indian food or something similar elsewhere because it's more affordable. Two vegetarian platters will cost you about $28. It's not really a place that you want to sit and eat dinner because it's small and not very atmospheric. I will definitely go here again when I get a craving for Ethiopian food, but it would be nicer if the food was better priced OR the atmosphere was better for a dine-in experience.I was just here on 3/19/2011 with a large group. We called ahead of time and the owners were very nice and accommodating. They gave us the whole upstairs for a surprise party. And were friendly squeezing past us to bring food and take orders. And he kept checking on us to make sure we had everything we need.
I do suggest sharing food since you get a lot.
The food is good and they have a lot of variety. I would have probably liked my beef cooked a little longer, but everything is tender. They give you lots of Enjera (bread) to eat it with. It's BYOB so your party can bring their own wine and they will give you glasses.
The dessert is great!! I wasn't sure if I wanted a cake (chocolate cake) for the surprise party so I didn't order one, but he made one anyway - and good thing because we decided to get it. It was very tasty.
It's a block north on 20th street from 20th and Walnut. Parking is available on the street; and if you go before the club hoppers come out you can probably get a nice spot.Service = 4
Cleanliness = 3
Food = 3.5
Value = 4
(DISCLAIMER: My standard for Ethiopian food is the Blue Nile in Ferndale, Michigan. I have yet to meet a restaurant that can come near it in quality. My bar is high!!)
The restaurant is cozy and the layout is odd. Not great for big parties. It looks a bit run down which is OK for a "hole in the wall" vibe.
The service was fine but slow. I'm not sure why since the place was empty the whole time we were there.
The bathroom is tiny. The door does not close all the way. Because you use your hands to eat, it's important that they're clean. I didn't get that feeling because you have to touch so many surfaces just to navigate the bathroom. Hand sanitizer! (The Blue Nile brings wash cloths to your table.)
We ordered the vegetable sampler + chicken tips. The food was just OK to us. It was great to have Ethiopian but we have had better in terms of flavor and freshness. We took some home but didn't eat leftovers.
This was our 1st try. My hubs is a 3-try proponent so we may be back when we're in town.The vegetarian combo is the best here! Plus the owners are so friendly. This is my favorite Ethopian food in all of Philly.Friendly staff, and good food.  Not amazing, but good and at a fair price.  I came here for the Ethiopian food, so I can't comment on the coffee shop aspect.Don't let the atmosphere, or lack of, deter you. The service of the owner/chef is welcoming and friendly and the food is well done and tasty!I love this place :-)
Delicious food, very friendly, little hole in the wall. Meat is tender, not over cooked or dried out, spices are awesome.
I also got a butterscotch shake, very good, not over sweet.A true gem for vegetarians -- and their omnivorous companions -- in Rittenhouse Square! 
Almaz is like a chameleon.  They serve up serious Turkish coffee during the morning commute, American style wraps for the working lunch crowd, and deliver an authentic menu of Ethiopian delights for those in-the-know.  I'm not an expert on Ethiopian cuisine, but I am always extremely satisfied with Almaz's vegetarian sampler platter.  The dish has a beautiful array of colors, and the portion size is enough for two meals.  The injera is tangy and chewy with enough holes to sop up all the juices of your meal.  
The dine-in space is tiny and the second floor dining area presents some accessibility issues, but if you're lucky enough to snag a seat you're in for a treat.  Friendly owners and staff will help guide you through the menu if you're unfamiliar with Ethiopian food.  Perfect for a solo night out, or a gab fest with your besties.  I always appreciate the atmosphere here -- the smaller space feels intimate and is perfect for catching up with friends.Best ethiopian food in Philly.  This is a tiny cafe with good service and no ambiance.I Haven't had the food here yet but the coffee and iced coffee is delicious. The cookies are dangerously good and I can't help buying a few every time I stop in. Do yourself a favor and never go to saxbys again- walk 20 feet and get this superior coffee. Also- Almaz is super friendly!The only reason this place gets 4 stars is because it was my first time tasting Ethiopian food so I'm not an expert yet to give a final opinion. It was definitely a good meal, but I remember most is how nice and friendly the people who work there were to me and my boyfriend. The ice cream we got at the end was okay, nothing great, but I like the space and the atmosphere is pretty pleasant. I'd probably go back again and try something new.My very first time eating Ethiopian food. 
And I was not disappointed. Everything the had  a good spicy flavor. 
The chicken was tender and tasted fresh.
I'm not crazy about the bread, maybe I'm just not use to the texture is very strange and I'd imagine they be warm and not so cold.This place is an all-around class act. The owners are absolutely pleasant to deal with and they genuinely want you to enjoy your experience, whether it's your first time or tenth time enjoying the food of their native land. I've eaten here with a vegan friend, a meat eater (like myself) and others -- all have been satisfied with the variety of flavors found here.N and I went after reading rave reviews on yelp but I was truly disappointed. We went pretty late in the evening and were seated right in front of the toilet. The place was not as clean as I would have liked.
They had sink right behind the counter and I could smell the soap and bleach which almost killed my appetite. Food was ok but people were nice so, I guess that's a little something.I had the lamb tibs (slices of lamb) served with enjera bread and a side veggie sampler. The bread was fine and the veggies very good. The lamb was earthy and tasty, though at other Ethiopian restaurants the meat and the veggie dishes I've had have been ground, which makes them easier to scoop up with the bread (here just the veggie dishes are). I can't say I know which is more authentic though. Services was friendly, portions were fine, no liquor license (drag) but overall enjoyable. I love meat but I would recommend the veggie dishes here, what I had was very good.That vegetarian platter everyone is talking about on Yelp is worth the hype. It is absolutely delicious! And the lady who works here is so friendly and kind. 
The wrap is quite sour however, just as a warning to those who were expecting something like naan. It pairs well with the food though!The Ethiopian food was pretty good.  We got the vegetarian combo and the Doro Wat, my usual order at Ethiopian places.  The yellow lentils were so-so, but overall, really tasty and reasonably priced.  I think they are BYOB.  And the staff is super nice.(vegetarian / vegan review)
This is the best Ethiopian food I've eaten in a while, and definitely my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in Philadelphia. The food is tasty, fresh, and leaves me ready to dance, rather than sleep. The people are nice. The names of the smoothies are inspiring. :-)
Their vegetarian combination platter is great, and the foule (pronounced "fool") is fan-tastic. :-)  The portions are generous. My wife and I shared one of each, and ended up tearfully leaving some on the table.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it feels a little pricey (cost us over $20 for these two dishes, including tip, drinking just water - will try those smoothies another time!).
Highly, highly recommended.I absolutely love Ethiopian food, and I had high hopes for this, but sadly they fell short. It was so bland compared to all the other Ethiopian food I've ever had and it was also luke warm. I ordered the vegetarian platter and only 1 of the 4 options was palatable. Lovely staff, and a good smoothie, but I wouldn't recommend it and sadly I won't be returning.My girlfriend mentioned one night that she was craving some Ethiopian food and me, being a great listener, did a Yelp search and found this gem.
We ate there around 6:30pm on a Saturday night.  This place is quite cozy, but very small so seating IS limited.  The walls are painted bright, inviting colors and there was some light Jazz playing in the background.  We were greeted immediately by the owner, Almaz, and seated upstairs.
There are many options on the menu (breakfast, lunch, etc.), but we went for the Ethiopian dishes, hence the trip ("When in Rome").  I ordered the Fir Fir and my gal ordered the Doro Tibs.  We went with the family style option - our meals came out on one massive plate, laid on a giant piece of Enjera (Teff & wheat sourdough pancake).
When I say that is was a flavor-explosion in my mouth I am not exaggerating, not even slightly.  Our entrees were so tasty and the spread of different vegetables were just the right companion.  We decided to try some of the Ethiopian coffee afterwards and were equally delighted.  The Coffee was smooth and nutty and didn't even require sugar or creme.  Afterwards, even after eating so much, we didn't feel sluggish or bloated, but energized. 
During our meal our server was very attentive and the owner was always around and smiling.  I'm sure this place has a longer wait time on a busier night, but it is absolutely worth it.  We will be back for sure.  Thanks Almaz!The food was typical ethiopian food and tasted fine, but not too special. It's the big pancake type of spongy bread which is used to eat the meat chunks. I think we got diverting lamb and chicken. My major complaint would be the service speed. We were there on a Saturday and despite the few patrons in the restaurant, it took really long to get served and also to get our check. We also were not given enough napkins for the type of food. 
This place is a byo which is a plus.I went here a week ago and will definitely be going back.
I have been to a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in the past and always jump at the opportunity. As have been said in other reviews, it is a coffee shop/ restaurant. I would have to say the latte I got was just alright and not spectacular.
But the food was great. I got some spicy beef stew, which was comparable to my past experiences. The chef/owner was also quite a lovely and lively person to chat with. 
The only thing I would change: since I got my meal to go, the injera (bread) was quite soggy by the time I ate the meal. So next time I'd recommend packing the injera separate from the soup/stew.I LOVE this place! At first, I was a little weirded out that their menu was not entirely Ethiopian and included a lot of Western dishes. However, once I tried it, I was hooked! The veggie combo is incredible. Seriously, I order it at least once a week, sometimes more. I don't know what they do to their shiro, but it's amazing. However, if you order the shiro on its own, be sure to ask for no sour cream if you want it vegan. The people who work here are so friendly and nice. I truly love this place!This place has great Ethiopian food. We tried three different dishes and loved them all. The owner was really nice too. He gave us information on how to make our own Ethiopian food! It was a great experience both times we went. The cafe atmosphere was nice too.This is one of our go-to spots in the city.  The service is always great as is the food.  You will leave very full, as the portions are pretty big and the injera will fill you up.Food was pretty delicious. I ordered the vegetarian dish. The lady who took our orders was super nice which is always a plus for a restaurant. Big serving sizes, so you will get money worth of delicious food.Fantastic food with friendly, relaxed service in a so-so atmosphere.  There's no "Ethiopian" decor, really, but I guess that's fine as long as you're not expecting it.  Sit upstairs and enjoy the free wifi.  I met a Wharton student from Africa there and we had an interesting talk about race and politics in French.
The family who run the cafe are really sweet and there's a broad variety of non-Ethiopian dishes as well.  The food is wonderful and compares well to Ethiopian food I've had in San Francisco and Berkeley.  It is served with the traditional thin, sour bread.  The portion sizes are generous without being overwhelming, and the presentation is nice.
If you're traipsing around Center City and pass by Almaz, do stop in.I found this great BYOB on yelp and figured I'd give it a try. I've eaten at another Ethiopian restaurant in Univ. City- loved the food and hated the service. Almaz Cafe is the perfect combination of amazing food and incredible service. Almaz, herself, makes the food and lovingly brings it over. She also provides recommendations and adds her own little touch to the food.  Overall, it was an awesome experience and really well priced.Excellent real ethiopian food. The food is well value as well.  I got the excellent chicken dish and there was plenty of the special bread to wrap up the delicious food. The spices were great.  The food was warm and the people were friendly.  This place truly is a hidden gem.
I promise you, you won't be disappointed.Good place to hang out, have some coffee, use your laptop and do some work without being bothered. I'm not sure what coffee they brew, but it is strong and well made and so are their espresso based drinks. 3 stars only because the space is kind of cramped... whenever I walk up or down the stairs, I feel like I'm about to fall off of it.I hate to write a bad review of this place, but...
I've been here about three times and although the staff/owners are unbelievably sweet, the coffee and ambiance just aren't up to par.This my my very first experience with Ethiopian food, and it definitely made me want more! I ordered the ZilZil, an Iced Coffee, and after a filling meal Baklava to take home. Almaz has a nice atmosphere, was easy to find, and very friendly workers. Delicious food, I would highly recommend!Extremely friendly, nice owners/employees! Great Ethiopian food, good breakfast/brunch, great smoothies, great wraps, great center city location, free wifi, great place to study, cozy little cafe. The owners were so nice it really made me want to come back again! I have studied there for many hours at a time (while eating breakfast, snacks, and lunch) and the owners actually wanted to make sure that they were providing me a comfortable place to study, unlike many other cafes/coffee shops that would be giving dirty looks and wanting to kick you out for staying too long. Enjoy!Great Ethiopian food and BYOB spot. It's really small but a great place! The staff is very friendly and helpful. It's kind of a combination coffee house, sandwich shop, and Ethiopian BYOB. Really like this place!The worst food I have ever ate in my life, it was so bad that I downloaded the Yelp app to review it and to let everyone know how much of a rip off this place is.. The dam waiter says you can have lamp and chicken on your plate.. We said sure... Didnt tell us it was going to be extra..... The extra was18 dollars extra! Not only that the lamp we got was the worst kind.. I'm taking about pure fat peaces of the lamp and hard lumps of "something"  the chicken was like someone threw up in the bathroom This place is sooo expensive for absolutely nothing. MCDONALD'S HAS BETTER FOOD. stay awayI can't believe it's taken me three years to discover this gem of a place that is literally two blocks from my apartment! Why is it so great??
1. Authentic Ethiopian food - the beef stew is AMAZING. And the Injera is perfectly soft and fluffy, with that bit of acidity that makes it so characteristically Injera. When else can you go out for a nice dinner with friends and eat with your hands??
2. It's BYO. Do I need to say anything else?
3. LOCATION. No more trekking all the way to West Philly for Ethiopian food for me. 
4. Super friendly staff. They were really accommodating for parties too! Beware that the place is really small though, so avoid trying to bring in groups of more than 8-10.This place seems to have been reviewed out the wazoo!
I thought this was good, solid Ethiopian food, although it falls short of the best of the best.  The bread is on the tangy side, perhaps too much lemon juice on it?  Besides that I can't think of any concrete way to improve the food.  Location is very convenient...it's a pretty small space but they usually seem to have enough space.  Reasonably priced.  Very good vegetarian options!
I would gladly come back!Summary: great food, byob, coffee shop ambiance. 
Review: Almaz Cafe serves authentic and tasty Ethiopian food. Come with clean hands, as you will be sharing with your table and eating with your fingers. The food is great -- perfect level of spiciness and many interesting tastes. Because the place is byob, the total price stays low. 
Only downside is the ambiance. The room feels much more like a coffee shop than a restaurant. Of course, that might be because it is a coffee shop by day...Really good Ethiopian iced coffee and breakfast sandwiches.  Haven't tried the Ethiopian food but from what I've heard, I'd like to give it a try.  It's basically a cute little cafe.ditto what the other five-star-givers said.  I just had dinner here with a friend and we were greeted warmly, and they didn't hestiate to let us sit outside!  I feel like my friend and I served as an advertisement for the restaurant by sitting outside too because people passing by kept looking over at our food--which was amazing!  We both got the vegetarian sampler and cleaned our plates; I was very satisfied without feeling heavy, which I think is a good sign of quality cooking.  
Almaz is definitely disguised as a mere coffeehouse, but don't let that fool you.  Having been to Abyssinia in west philly and getting quality Ethiopian food only after enduring the snotty, rude, and sloooowww service there, I can honestly say that for any center-city denizens, there is no excuse to pass up Almaz if you're craving ethiopian.  no compromises at this gem of a place--It's quality Ethiopian food AND very personable, genuine, and timely service!
(as an addendum--I've come here several more times for dinner and the service/food are still just as great as the first.  I also came in once for sunday breakfast--I had a mad pancake craving but no energy to make them at home--and their pancakes were delicious and HUGE....I only barely got through half the plate!  is there ANYTHING they don't do well here???)This was my first experience with Ethiopian food and man oh man, it was amazing.  The portions were huge and there were a lot of choices.  I couldn't explain it or compare it to any other cuisine except to say that it was well seasoned with exotic spices.
The man that helped me was extremely polite, and informed me of my choices.  I had a delicious blueberry smoothie and a great cup of coffee.  Everything was so good, I tipped way beyond what I normally would, and the guy shook his head and tried to give it back!  He was probably the owner, but I refused to take it back... I don't care if he owns the place, the service and food was so good he deserved a tip!I've had Ethiopian food in DC, New York, and South Africa, and I can safely say this was the best injera I've ever had.  It's not too sour, while still very sponge-y and textured.  It compliments the deliciously flavorful food.
My friend and I shared the Firfir (beef cubes) and the vegetable combo and it was all great.  My only complaint was that the beef was a bit tougher than I would have liked, but the sauce it was cooked in was excellent.  The vegetable combo is great to share.  You get a sampling of five different veggie dishes (collard greens, lentils, split peas, mixed legumes, and potato cabbage) which all have unique and wonderful tastes.
The servers were very friendly and filled up our water promptly and asked several times about our food.
I will definitely be heading back to try more of the food - they had a lamb special that sounded amazing.Almaz and her hubby are the sweetest people, who take time to make your experience wonderful and even get to know you. I am always greeted with enthusiasm. 
The food is DELICIOUS. Flavorful, well prepared and consistent. It's by far my favorite place to fine in Center City. TRY it if you haven't. There is something for everyone.Came back for lunch. Zoro tibs and vegetarian combo were delicious. Service was also very good.
I think the key is to come in earlier in the day.It has been way too long since I've had Ethiopian food, mostly since I've been living in areas where no such restaurant exists within a 100+ mile radius. 
I decided to check out Almaz after reading some reviews on Yelp and opted to go here instead of the West Philly restaurants because we were going to a show at the church right around the corner. I am so glad we didn't waste the trek there...Almaz totally rules.  The people working there were so kind; the woman behind the counter informed us that it was BYOB and when I told my husband I'd be right back, the woman (owner?) said "Good for you!"  
Everything was fantastic, although we sat upstairs which was kind of warm.  We had the lamb special which was pretty good, but the chicken stew was phenomenal. The cabbage/carrot vegetarian side and yellow lentils were amazing. If i went again, I'd probably just get the vegetarian combo because they were the most flavorful items on the dish. The coffee was fresh and homemade cookies were fantastic too.  For two dinners, two coffees and dessert we spent $35...deal. Love this place.I l-o-v-e Ethiopian food and am a certified enjeraholic.  Based on the rave Yelp reviews, I hustled to beat the dinner rush, but there were only two people in there besides me at 6:00 on a Saturday night, not counting a few people who came in later to get smoothies.  The restaurant is tiny with two levels.  Sitting at the bar in front of the window is good for people watching.
As I was coasting in from the other coast having had nothing but a coffee and a banana all day, every (Ethiopian) item on the menu sounded great.  The veggie combo won out over the zilzil tibs, and it did not disappoint.  The flavors were tasty, and the enjera was tender and flavorful; I ate every last bite.  Terrific service.  Sounds like I should have had a coffee, but that gives me a reason to return.Tiny little place with not too much space. We had the lamb special, doro wot, vegetarian combo and chicken tibs. As food, this made for a pretty satisfactory meal. However, compared to other Ethiopian food, the spices seemed toned down for the American palate. In particular, the doro wot really severely lacked the customary kick. Something was a little off with the injera too, maybe a little too dense. A bit pricy too.Finally found good Ethiopian in Philly.  I'm spoiled, having lived in DC for almost 14 years.  With reputedly the largest Ethiopian population outside Addis Ababa, plenty of good Ethiopian restaurants there with plenty of Ethiopian (or formers) at the table.  Almaz approaches that quality.A bit of a weird spot, but apparently they can't get by if they stick to Ethiopian food only. The owner of the place (Almaz) is a really fun lady. Plus, they have a BYOB policy and didn't even charge the $5 cork fee!To add to the barrage of 5-star reviews, both staff we met were extremely solicitous, friendly, and helpful.  We were only in there for about 1/2 hour for lunch and were offered two refills of water-- and we were in the less-accessible upstairs part of the restaurant.
The food was excellent, and we each had different favorites from the vegetarian sampler.  I'm not in the neighborhood that often, but I definitely will suggest it in the future.
Does anyone know if the Ethiopian menu is entirely vegetarian?I have ordered their foule several times for take-out and have yet to be disappointed. Hearty, and consistent in good flavor. Once I tried the fresh berry salad and found it strange. The romaine to berry and pecan ratio was off. The gentleman behind the counter downstairs was friendly (with a genuine smile!) and attentive. Writing this review actually made me crave some of their food:) Maybe I'll try their sit down service in the near future.Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. The food is delicious and really well made and reasonably priced. The best part however is the service. It is friendly and personal. My friends and I have been meeting here once a week for the past couple months and are going to continue. It is really worth a visit.I couldn't agree more with the idea this place is a little gem. The inside is quiet and offers a great place to study, read, or just people watch out the window. They have tons of options for coffee and tea, which is nice on a colder day or an early morning. The options vary from ethnic cuisine to your average american breakfast and lunch food. 
Of course I believe in the philosophy that when in Rome do has the Romans do. Also, being a vegetarian when they actually label the menu with an option for me I absolutely must try. I would say the vegetarian combo was a little steep in price. However, it was delicious and well season. I felt full, but I didn't get the greasy feeling that people below have mentioned. I was glad to try to try Ethiopian food because I haven't been able to in the past. It will for sure be a place I plan on retrying. 
Furthermore, The wait staff pretty much leaves you alone if you come alone to work or something. But, you just pop over to the counter and they are extremely pleasant.The beef stew was overwhelmingly delicious and the potatoes and cabbage wee just "melt in your mouth"amazing!The service and food are great. The sit down area can be cramped. I would recommend the firfir. Also, their enjera is awesome.We are experienced diners of Ethiopian restaurants; we've tried them in New York, Baltimore, Chicago, Philly, Houston, and Colorado.  My wife, in particular, loves the cuisine.  This, despite getting an upset stomach nearly every time she eats it.  When we saw the reviews for Almaz on yelp, we decided to go for it.
My wife had the shiro; I had a beef dish.  The shiro was good.  Strangely, it arrived with sour cream, which wasn't a great fit; we just ate around it.  The beef was a little flat and not as sizzling-crispy as I would have liked.  The injera was good, maybe a tad dry.  The other side dishes were good.  Overall, the dishes were more low key than in other places that I've tried.  That is, the injera and shiro were not as sour, the bourberrie was not as sharp.  It was not bland, but just tamer than what we're accustomed to.  Overall, we were happy with our meal.
The server was very friendly, and she did not charge us for food that we ordered for my 2-yo daughter which was very kind.
I found the experience of eating Ethiopian at a western style cafe a little odd.  There is a case of soft drinks, including yoohoo and fanta, and a display of muffins and cookies sitting next to you while you chow down injer and doro wat.  But really, it's nice to have options.  My daughter is very fussy about eating, so it was good that they had bananas for her to eat.This place is spectacular.  I've loved everything I've ever ordered here.  The staff is awesome- they're always happy to explain anything on the menu to you and give you suggestions.  I love sitting upstairs and looking out over the balcony- great for inconspicuous people-watching.  And an added bonus (in my opinion): it's a byo.Easily my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in Philly, even though it doubles as a coffee and ice cream shop. (I've never sampled those). It is owned and run by a very nice, hospitable couple. Besides the food being delicious and tasting like it has been simmered in love, it is a very comfortable space to be in. The same can't be said about other restaurants (like Absynnia in west Philly. I always feel unwelcome there and stopped going for that reason.)
 I wish more people knew about this place so I could rest assured that it will always be there.One word- gastroenteritis. My dad and I went over the holidays and both of us have had upset stomachs since then. Now, I have to take antibiotics... Great :/I have enjoyed Ethiopian food in NYC and Boston, and Almaz Cafe seemed like a good bet in Philadelphia. The restaurant itself is quite small, but it wasn't particularly busy late on a Wednesday night. Our waitress was very friendly and service was quick. The food was delicious, and as seems to be common with Ethiopian, was deceivingly filling. One fewer entree than diners should be about right for most groups. Definitely would come back!A friend and I met up for a quick dinner. So we decided on Almaz Cafe because it was close, and had gotten great reviews. The place is tiny, but cute. There were only a few tables in the entire place. I ordered something I did not think that Abyssinia had just to try something different. I was in an unusually crazy adventure mood that day, but just to be on the safe side, I ordered the sauce on the side. I tried a bite; the food was good, but not really special. I did really enjoy the addition of rosemary to my meat. Next I tried the sauce. Ehhhh, nothing I cared for. I tried a few more times to be sure, but the verdict remains, ehhhh, nothing I care for. My friend asked to try the sauce, and my opinion of it. I passed it over with a, "Ehhh, nothing I care for." He put it in his mouth, and his face screws up in the most awful manner. It was almost cartoonish in it's contortions. Needless to say, he did not really care for the sauce. We debated after that for a while whether this was better or worse than the Acerola soda we tried a few years back. Split decision with my friend voting on the sauce winning the most disgusting award and I insisting that the Acerola was much worse. Ultimate judgement on Almaz is that the food is good and of good quality, but the selection slim and the prices a bit higher than Abyssinia considering the amount. The proprietor/waiter was extremely friendly and nice.Though I lived in the land of Ethiopian options (West Philly), Almaz is my favorite Ethiopian in the city. Take out is our favorite option as well. Almaz (the owner) is a lovely individual and has always provided a warm, inviting environment. We love you Almaz! Love, Eddie & Sam.Friendly staff, quaint place with average Ethiopian food. I asked the staff what they recommend and they told me to get the lamb plate. 
-Lamb plate ($16-17): the lamb was a bit rough for my taste. Surprisingly I liked the vegetables much more (potatoes and peppers)
My friend got the vegetable combination and said it was delicious so seems like i ordered the wrong item. I was just so hungry and the staff mentioned lamb is the way to go unless I was vegetarian.
Overall, this was a decent place. I hope my dish is better next time as I plan to come back when the Ethiopian cravings hit me in the face.I love this place and stop in any time I'm in the area and craving Ethiopian food. I always get the vegetarian platter, but the sandwiches look good too. The owner is super nice.Almaz is a great, cost-effective little gem of a place with friendly service, AMAZING food, very fair prices, and adorably funky decor to top it all off!  I should also take the time to praise the free wifi they have here; unlike some places I've been to in Philly that offer wifi, the signal was strong and very consistent!  Definitely one of my fave places in Center City!This is one of my favorite cafés in Philadelphia. The atmosphere is great, their free internet reliable, and it always works well for a chat with a friend or a less formal date. The owners are great people as well, who are always up for a chat. If you like the taste of cappuccino done right, then I highly recommend  Almaz Caféi have no other Ethiopian food experience to compare this to, but i was very pleased. the setting was cute, and you would never even notice this place when walking down the street. it looks like take out if you do notice, but there's a hidden loft upstairs! it was great! the server was very nice. the BYOB setting made things fun. the bread is odd to Americans. its very sour and and pancake like. but covered in all the exotic flavors its hard to notice. im  glad i tried Ethiopian!I always enjoyed coming here for a quiet meal upstairs when I lived in Rittenhouse. The owner and his wife are very friendly and the food is excellent.I love this place.  Food is authentic and the owner is such a nice guy.   Love the veggie combo (get to try lots of stuff) and the coffee is super.  Can't recommend this place enough.Almaz offers an ethiopian menu, though you wouldn't know it from the outside, and since they are conveniently located in Center City I wanted very much to like it. Unfortunately the food is greasy and underwhelming. And that's just plain odd. I've never left an Ethiopian restaurant thinking "That was greasy and it sits heavy in my stomach" before.
Also, prices are not posted and the vegetarian combination turned out to be $13. As Ethiopian meals go it was a reasonable portion but certainly not a large one. $13 is too much for a businessman's lunch portion in a place with little ambiance.
They are friendly folks and I'd love to see this place improve, but right now I have to tell you to get on the El and head over to West Philly for significantly better food.I first discovered Almaz when I was wandering around Center City during admit weekend at my grad school trying to find an apartment.  It was 7am and I didn't even realize it was an Ethiopian restaurant.  There are plenty of usual American cafe offerings and the smoothies are really good.  The coffee is very cheap and good as well.  (I usually go to Colombe 1 block away but Almaz usually doesn't have a wait and it feels more like a mom n pop shop which is great)  The owner's wife cooks all the Ethiopian food, I believe, and you'll notice that if you come here enough, the daily special is always lamb.  Sometimes it's more like a stew, sometimes it's more of a saute.  It's always flavorful but I find the saute kind too dry.  The veggie platter is a must but too much for one person so it's always great to come here with a friend or two.  You can reserve tables and there is an upstairs seating area.  It's not fancy at all but the food is always yummy and it's also BYO.  There's free wifi and sometimes you can sit outside but 20th Street isn't exactly a view.  I've tried other Ethiopian restaurants in Philly and this place is by far the yummiest.  Their cabbage, carrot and potato dish used to be really amazing but maybe I didn't like it last time because I got takeout.  The Ethiopian bread/pancake supply is neverending and if it looks like you might run out, they ask if you want more before you even think about it!  The owner or his wife always serves you and they are super nice and friendly.  I would give this place 4.5 stars since I think they lose a little in decor and value since the food is kind of pricey.Amid the restaurant scene of Rittenhouse Square sits this no-pretense family-run Ethiopian joint. Fantastic food at reasonable prices and BYOB, Service is great. I always get the Ethiopian dishes - veggie combo, doro tibs, firfir and lamb special are my favorites. It's the best comfort food.Very friendly, very small, very inexpensive! I'm a food lover so I don't have much complaints when the food is seasoned well and served with a smile. Great place to grab a quick healthy meal when on the run or out for a stroll.Our experience at Almaz Café was a bit disappointing considering the very good reviews it received by Yelpers.  Besides one lentil dish, the other vegetarian and chicken, meat dishes were lacking in the taste profiles I have had at better Ethiopian restaurants in west Philly and NYC.This is a cute little cafe owned by a really sweet African lady. I sat at a table outside and enjoyed a bagel with cream cheese - pretty decent for a bagel in Philly (I've been spoiled by New York bagels). Bonus: they carry bottled Maaza, only the best mango juice on the face of the earth. It came out to about $4.50 for the bagel and juice, but there's a $5 credit card minimum. Short on cash, I picked up an extra bottle of water for another dollar. Overall, not a bad place to grab a light breakfast/brunch/lunch if you happen to be in the area, though I can't comment on the Ethiopian food just yet.Very charming little cafe, fantastic custom roasted Ethiopian coffee. I have yet to try the actual Ethiopian food, but the ice cream and American breakfast food isn't bad (also, makes it very versatile). Regardless, the coffee is reason enough.Mizzle; a combination of drizzle and mist.... My girl was uncomfortable b/c it was mizzling out, a bit cold, and windy - out in the middle of may. I told her her it wasnt so cold out and dinner at this lil ethiopian restaurant would be cool. Now we'd alreadt walked a few blocks around the Almaz and I couldnt find the place. But as it turns out, we had walked right by it, even with our eyes were peeled. So we get into the cafe, see the only dude behind the counter, go upstairs and take a 4-top. Mind you there are only 2 four tops upstairs and a few stools for the mostly quiet internet cafe surfers/loungers - Some rasta kept playing his tunes out loud w/o headphones until the barista/server/host asked him to chill. Downstairs where the entrance is there are 3 four tops and more stools.  Once we got the menu we had to decide: chicken, lamb or beef, and what vegetables. Well, me being the taste glutton that, I am coerced my girl to ordering the chicken and beef dishes with vegetable sampler to join. The food arrived and we were stoked. Conversation halted and ethiopian bread stuffed with lentils, cabbage and chicken sent me into my much desired food euphoria. So all in all I suggest dinner for two, at min, get the vegetable sampler (until you've decided on a favorite veg dish), and the chicken (if you're a meatarian).  The beef was good just didnt hit my spot like the pollo did. Next time I go which will be soon, I'm getting the lamb and I'll report back.  Post meal I also had an espresso......ever had a greek coffee? Well, I think Ethiopian coffee is a term that should be coined- that espresso picked me up from my food coma and sent my right back into study mode.    Groups are okay if you call ahead and arent larger than say...6. The barista/host/waiter dude couldnt be nicer.You walk in and you're not really sure what you're looking at, but you know you like it. A sort of mix of green walls, metal, dangling things from the ceiling and newsboy counters at the front and in the upper tier. It has a vibe matches more low-key "hipper" areas of Philly. Don't expect a lot of space to sprawl out though.Veggie platter was very good. Beef was over cooked/tough and tendons made it difficult to eat. Casual dining space with good service. Overall a welcome addition to center city dining options.Friendly. Delicious fresh... I am a big fan of Ethiopian / Eritrean food, and I've sought out places in every city I visit from Oakland, CA to Cleveland to Tampa to Denver.  Quite frankly, until now, I've been surprisingly underwhelmed by what I've tried in Phila. so far.  While Almaz may not have the most expansive menu, the food here is just about the freshest E/E that I have encountered anywhere.  It was delicious, and I received a generous portion for lunch.  Further, oftentimes the sides are mostly an afterthought; at Almaz, they deserve equal billing with the main course, again the best word to use is "fresh", along with descriptives like flavorful and very satisfying.  Service was also exceptionally speedy (definitely rare for E/E) and friendly.  In fact, several people popped in "just to say 'hi' because I was passing by" That tells me that Almaz has fostered a loyal following with his easy-going approach and fine food.  I will definitely be back soon and often.