The Ambience is excellent here. There are multiple tiers and floors for different types of seating. I recommend the sampler appetizer as it includes all the best apps. Service was good and the bar was delivering with its mojitos. Overall an excellent experience and not overly priced for the area.I had a weekend in Philly and went here for dinner- everything was excellent, from the drinks to the food, to the service.  I am only going to mention the ceviche- watermelon and tuna.  You must try this dish- one of the best and most unique singular dishes I have tasted in many moons.  Literally every bite, my mouth was thanking me and I was smiling from the wonderful taste sensations.
If you go here, do yourself a flavor favor and order the tuna-watermelon ceviche!!I don't go to Philly often, but the few times i've been I managed to go to Alma de Cuba twice on different occasions. Being a Cuban man myself, I have to say Alma de Cuba puts a fabulous twist on Cuban food and decor.
The restaurant is beautifully built and decorated with elegant Cuban-inspired furniture and art. It resembles an old Spanish-style home with rod-iron screens and handrails. The lighting is strategic and subtle to create an intimate setting, which it successfully achieves despite being a 3-story high restaurant. 
Their lunch crowd is nearly non-existent, which makes it a bit boring. For dinner on the other hand, it is extremely busy, but yet its craziness is softened by the restaurant's atmosphere/decor.
The food was amazing both times I was there. It is pricey but definitely worth trying. In regards to others' comments about over seasoning, I can agree a little bit, because we had a problem with the guacamole, which was way too seasoned to the point that it was inedible. Everything else was made to perfection. 
Although it's cute and feels intimate, it may be a little overwhelming for a first day. Definitely more of a 2nd to 3rd date restaurant, so folks from the City of Brotherly Love, get your eat on!Lovely lovely ambiance - we stopped by for dessert and coffee on a Friday night after dinner at Tria. We got a table, great service and FABULOUS desserts - their famed chocolate cigar and a flan.Drinks: hibiscus margarita - awesome; passionfruit caiprioska - pretty good, not too sweet.
Cornmeal rolls and oil dip, solely good.
Appetizers ( this was fun): let's talk ceviche. We ordered three to contrast and compare: the shrimp, scallops and the rainbow. The rainbow was recently reworked, with shoestring potatoes now over the ceviche instead of thinly sliced as served previously. The rework was definitely worth it, as our combined scores put this ceviche as the frontrunner.
As fas as the other two, the scallops were a clear winner over the shrimp, having too much of a sweet, clumsy and saucy overtone, where the scallops were fresher, lighter and just tastier.
Another appetizer that knocked our socks off: chorizo sliders. As strait forward as their name, these little wonders charmed our taste buds off. I seriously contemplated the possibility of trying to recreate these on my own for a future summer barbecue. Just be sure to include the cucumbers and jalepeño garnish to achieve the full orgasm of flavor that we enjoyed.
Since we were on an appetizer kick, we simply had to have the oysters - the Oysters Rodriguez. While I am not certain what "fufu" is, it really doesn't matter. These little fuckers were simply awesome.
On to the main courses. We had the sugar cane tuna, a nice balance between the spinach and the tomato coulis. The beef tenderloin was almost perfect - the crabmeat could have been a little warmer, but the combination was a little mundane. The vaca frita - the skirt steak - was probably the favorite. Aside from appearing on the plate like a mexican flag - the combination of seasonings was a delight to enjoy - cinnamon, cloves, lord knows what else - it was a sensory delight.
We're on to the desserts now, with the chocolate cigar - a tough decision over the chocolate tower - and a special dessert with some combination of avocado, white chocolate risotto and candied pineapple -  but I'm fairly cation it will be wonderful.If you're looking for a mojito that packs a serious punch, look no further than Alma De Cuba.  Lush red lighting makes the bar a perfect spot to suck down the tasty - but pricey - cocktails.It strikes again!  And if you're not careful, it can happen to you.  Good ethnic food meets "fusion," i.e. the white wash.  Honestly, it's one of my worst nightmares.  
I really went in with great expectations.  The website, the drinks, the menu.  Yes, it was good, I can't deny that, but it was also very pedestrian.  Salad was fine, empanadas were good, chicken had flavor, salmon wasn't dry, and the desserts were cute (think chocolate cigar).   But like the analogous Asian fusion restaurants, there's a semblance, a shell of the culture in the food, but none of that kick.  There's nothing raw and beautiful about the food.  
But as I didn't do the ordering, it might have come down to preference.  I would have gone for the whole fish dish, if I had a choice.  All in all, it was good food, but it's not a restaurant that I will circle back to again until I've made a few more rounds around Philly.Came here for restaurant week. 
Started with happy hour which is 5pm-7pm. Had the smoked albacore tacos. They're tapas-style. Very tiny delectable bites. $5 mango mojito was bomb.
This place is huge. We were seated on the second floor. Very romantic atmosphere. Candlelit, ceiling fans spinning, super dim. 
I went with the Ecuadorian ceviche, chicken imperial, and pineapple up-side down cake. I was not a fan of corn nuts in ceviche. Everything else was delicious. Chicken was tender, and the rice was cheesy and tasty. The pineapple up-side down cake is literally a lump of sugar. I'm pretty sure it could give you diabetes. 
Service was amazing. Staff is so knowledgeable about the menu items, and take good care of you. They even clean off your table in-between courses.The place is amazing, my boyfriend and I went to celebrate anniversary/Valentine's and it was truly a very pleasant experience. Since we both have latino backgrounds it made us feel like home. The food is 100% 10/10, good quality, good service. The staff was super friendly. The price is definitely high, it's not somewhere I would go once a month but it's a special ocassion restaurant and I love it. It was a little bit dark, we had to use our phones to read the menu but I feel like it adds to the ambiance of the place.I came here for Happy Hour and the appetizers and drink were amazing! I ordered the mojito classico, smoked marlin tacos and guacamole. The mojito was well made and properly strong although not overly so. The tacos were SO GOOD! Good flavor with a little kick in a crispy (not greasy at all) warm shell. I would venture to say that this guacamole was the BEST I've ever tasted. When I tell you that I could taste EVERY ingredient it's not an exaggeration and the diced pineapples on top added another dimension to the flavor. The guacamole was accompanied with crispy (again not greasy at all) plantain chips that were yummy. The food in this place was great! The staff was nice, polite and very attentive. If I had to make a complaint about this place, I'd say the lighting or the lack thereof. My food was more visible in the pics I took (with the flash) than in the actual restaurant. I hate to say this but I actually had to use the light from my cell phone to see my food, otherwise I would've given this place 5 stars. Though the very low lighting makes for a romantic ambiance, I think that they should consider turning the lights up JUST a hair since many people like to actually SEE what they're eating. With that said, I will DEFINITELY be back for dinner!Really great time here! Would definitely recommend starting out with the ceviches- got three sampler sizes to start out (light, and oh so, refreshing). The entrees were so filling and delicious! Got the lechon asada (fried pork) which was a HUGE portion size, over rice. There was so much left over meat I ate it for dinner for two more nights afterwards! Also tried the side of plaintains which was soft, and a warm sweet treat to wrap up the night. 
Overall, the place was really dark and the seats were pretty low to the ground which made eating a little difficult for a short person like me but the food more than made up for everything!Rating 3.5
I came to this restaurant with two college gfs visiting Philly. We made our reservation about a week in advance and they held it for us as we struggled to find parking 20 minutes into our reservation time. Thanks !
I ordered the evenings special which was arroz con pollo and it was very tasty and a decent size portion. My friends enjoyed their meals as well but wished there was a bit more on their plates. One ordered scallops and the other some type of fish. 
The service was exceptional and the atmosphere was upscale
Overall I say it was a decent experience but for the price they could give you a bit more food.Good food and large portions for the entrees.   The food is something you won't find anywhere else and I enjoyed it very much.  I like the ambience as was in the darker side so it was good for a date.  The waiting staff also really knew there stuff when it came to questions about the food.We have been eating at the place twice and both of the times were very good. The seviche starter were very nice and the Yuka breads were amazing! The duck and black bass main were also very good, though the Pork belly was only average. Unfortunately didnt get the chance to try their desserts for both times. Maybe next time when visiting philadelphiaAlma De Cuba has been one of my most dependable restaurants for many years. Always kind, warm service, delicious food and great drinks.
As much as I've enjoyed the restaurant for many years my visit this past Friday night may have been the best meal yet. The stuffed dates appetizer was excellent. We were 3 people so we ordered a fish, pork and a poultry entree and shared; all excellent. 
The drinks were also really well done. The noise level is reasonable and the tables are not too close together. I'm already looking forward to my next visit.OK.  The five stars are for three  things: the ambiance, the ambiance and the ambiance.  The drinks were OK and I did not eat here.   But the seating and the vibe was...!  just what I wanted.  Spacious and relaxing.This place has a great feel as soon as you walk in. They have lively Latin music playing and you're immediately greeted by wonderful host and bar staff. The drinks are good and the food is even better. I really like how there's 3 different floors which makes for a very lively dining experience. The food is pricey but its certainly worth it. I got the Rum Cured Duck Breast and wasn't disappointed at all. Cooked well with great presentation. Definitely check it out if you're in town!Food was amazing, service almost too good.  Very attentive but we felt like the secret service was lurking. Great atmosphere a little too dim and a little too noisy.  But a great dining experience right in the neighborhood.This is one of my most favorite restaurants that I usually go to on special occasions. The ambience is romantic, servers are always great and the food is delicious. I enjoy the mojitos and ceviche so much!We only came here to try their Happy Hour menu. It's a nice place to bring a date or come here with a couple friends. I ordered their Frojito. It's a frozen coconut mojito type drink. It was really thick and sweet. I had to dilute it with some water. After that it was drinkable. It's a pretty quite atmosphere. Their Happy Hour is reasonable with a lot of different cocktail to choose from but they don't have beer on their Happy Hour menu.AMAZING place! Loved my cocktail, I had the black cherry caipirinha, it was fantastic. I then had the trio of ceviche and loved it. The rainbow one was my favorite of the three! I also had the black bean soup which I really enjoyed! Looking forward to my next visit!The food here was absolutely delicious with decent portions. I've come here twice during Center City restaurant weeks. Their specialty bread reminds me of Colombian almojabanas and their Ropa Vieja makes me wish I still ate meat. The staff has always been wonderfully informative, pleasant, and patient. 
Nothing bad to say, except know that this place is not cheap and not the best place for vegetarians.How does this man continue to get business?
The food is either so bland or over seasoned, it's scary.Loved it!  I sat at the bar (which I normally do since I travel on business) and Alma De Cuba didn't disappoint. I find you can get a really good read on a restaurant by sitting at the bar and chatting up the bartender.  Willy was on point tonight and he was simply outstanding with his recommendations.
I started with the Octopus...wonderful!  Grilled perfectly with a wonderful combination of peppers.  I ordered the pork for my entree and it was delicious with a nice crispy top.  It is a very big portion so you could split this if you start with a couple of appetizers. Side note, the bread is amazing. Little tiny things and so much flavor.
Like previous Yelpers mentioned.  This is the best Mojito I have ever had. I'm usually not a big fan, but when in Cuba....  They were smooth vs. sweet and they go down easy, probably too easy.  Really delicious.  This place has a really cool vibe and I will definitely return.First of all, me and my girlfriend went here because i use to work for Chef Douglas and he is a Great Chef.  The ceviche is delicious and the atmoshphere relaxing, dark and very romantic, mixed with the perfect music.A friend and I stopped into this place last Sunday around 2:30pm to grab a drink and a bite to eat before heading back out to fight the crowds in the shops on Walnut Street. We had been meaning to try it for dinner for quite some time but never remembered to make it over there...
When we arrived were serving a limited "Siesta" menu (2:30pm - 5:00pm) but it was more than enough to choose from for a late lunch/quick snack.
We started with the Verde Empanadas with spinach, manchego cheese and artichoke escabeche.  They were perfectly cooked and presented and the artichoke escabeche was exceptional.  I decided to go with my standby, a Cuban sandwich for lunch. This was one of the best that I have had in the Philadelphia area with perfectly cooked slow braised sugarcane pork and all the rest that goes with it...
The service was attentive and personal which made for a great break from the stress of the afternoon (I'm sure the two "El Jefe" mojitos helped as well...). 
We can't wait to return to try the full lunch/dinner menu in the near future.Wonderful!!! We went with a party of 10a Sunday afternoon. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, As courses were finished plates and glasses were removed quickly. Not one of the 10 was dissatisfied with any part of the meal. I personally had the seared sea  scallop with the roasted corn quinoa, it was the best quinoa I have ever had and my scallops were cooked to "melt in your mouth" perfection. The only reason for the four stars instead of five is that the portions left us all wanting a little more. I would highly recommend Alma De Cuba to anyone seeking a positive dining experienceLove this place!  It's got great atmosphere! The decor is fabulous, the cocktails are really tasty and the food is solid.  This is a trendy restaurant so it's definitely difficult to get reservations here on short notice so plan ahead and definitely go!  It will surely impress any date!It was a little bit too sophisticated and too expensive. 
We ordered 
1) Alma Sampler Tasting of: Empanada Verde (very tiny, but good), Smoked Albacore Tacos (not sure what to say, didn't like it), Royal Palm Dates (it was interesting to try) 
2) Sea Scallops Serrano ham,crab and corn quinoa with merquen vinaigrette: while scallops were great, scallops and quinoa pairing didn't taste very good 
3) Duck Ropa Vieja coconut boniato puree, green mango slaw and duck chicharron - it was just ok
4) Chicken Imperial grilled breast over saffron Valencia rice and chicken ropa vieja - chicken
was very delicious but Valencia rice was very strange.
5) Cuban cigar dessert was very delicious and entertaining. 
Have to praise the service, it was one of the best!A-OK. Rather overpriced appetizers, though we did enjoy the empanadas (which are tiny) and the stuffed dates.
Portion size of the crispy pork was huge, can't imagine one person eating it. Was a bit too fatty, felt sick afterwards. 
Ambiance was very dark and service was okay.Making a reservation for a large group is PAINFUL. You have to call the representative - who never answers the phone - and leave a voicemail. You get a call back 2 days later. You miss the call by a minute, and call back ---and it's voicemail again. You schedule, figure out the menu options (for a group of 12, you HAVE to pick a prix-fixe option, served family-style. No individual orders) and put down a hefty deposit. All by email, usually, as phone doesn't seem to work out. 
BUT, once there, Alma De Cuba is truly a magnificent experience. Watch the bill, because the total will be far above what you expected. The service could use some improvement, but this place never disappoints!
Ah, the ceviche!
The croquettas!
The famous, unbelievably delicious vaca frita!
The sea bass!
...and finally... (this truly deserves a drumroll)
The impeccable Chocolate Cigar dessert! ....I dream about this dessert. There simply isn't a better chocolate dessert that I've encountered at an upscale restaurant. 
Overall, a true win.Everything was awesome. Although every one of us had trouble reading the massive folio of a menu in the really-awesome-but-possibly-just-a-bit-too-dim lighting.  Bone Marrow Croquets?  Oh yeah.Nice enough, but thinks it's more upscale than it actually is. The menu is a bit limited and not especially transparent - my rice was baked with pork and cheese, both of which I'm intolerant to but it wasn't fully described on the menu. It's also pretty limited. There's an appetiser section you can mix and match from but only around 8 choices, several of which are more adventurous like bone marrow and octopus. The drinks definitely outshone the food - the mango martini was great! It's not cheap - 3 of us with one drink and one entree each came to $120, and didn't really live up to the price tag.The quality control is not ok here.
At the first time we came here everything was so amazing. The waiter was helpful, food was good.
However my second experience here was extremely BAD. The waiter didn't take care of you at all. We've been waiting for the entree over 30 minutes, however the server didn't check for us until we called for twice, even he was just at our table. This was not a busy night, the tables coming after us got the food much earlier than us. 
- rainbow
It was impressive the first time we had it, so we ordered it again. The dish was still ok, except a tiny hard stuff.
- seafood
I forgot the name, it was an entree with a combo of seafood. I was shocked at the first bite of the shrimp. It was NOT fresh!!! This bite made me so uncomfortable.
- scallop
It was ok. Due to the "surprise" of shrimp, we ended up sharing the scallop. Not bad.
You should expect a lottery here, either amazing or big shock. May not be back again.Came here for a drink with a friend and found out it was happy hour!  $6 mojitos and $6 appetizers!  Great deal!  
Suave Mojito- sweeter than a regular mojito bc of the sugar cane.  I totally wanted to eat the piece of sugar cane in my drink but that would probably have been unslightly. 
Truffled Guac- mmmMM who would have thought regular old guac could be fancied up with truffles and taste so amazing!  SO good.  Truffle flavor in every bite.  Comes with plantain chips which you will need more of to finish off that guac! 
When I visit Philly again, definitely stopping here for HH!Went her on a week night during restaruant week. Felt like a dark 1:1 date spot, service was very friendly and social.
I gave it 3 stars b/c it really didn't do anything special for me and I think for the money $50 w/ their restaraunt week deal & a glass of wine it was a bit on the over-priced side. I eat out literally 3-4 nights/week for work all around the country and I think your money could be spent in other places a bit better.Everytime we visit philly we go to Alma de Cuba. This time we sat at the lounge and it was perfect! great music, great service, very tasty ceviches, the pincho were nice and tender... the Vaca frita as good as always!!! the mojitos!!! wow...Its a little pricey but it so good!!! great desserts too!!! AAA!A truly phenomenal meal. 
I began the meal with a yucca and cheese roll. A very interesting an unique flavor. I enjoyed it.
We shared an appetizer of the grilled octopus. It was a pretty big portion. I did not like the strong olive aioli with it, but I asked for some of the warm horseradish crema (part of the salmon entree). It was amazing.
For the entrees, I got the rum duck breast. The flavors were amazing, and the rum flavor was delicious and didn't taste like rum (I don't care for that liquor). The sauces were simply delectable and the breast was nicely spiced and rare, per my request. I love the yucca strips on top.
The other entree was the vaca frita steak which was very tender and so flavorful. The tomato accompaniment was incredible and the avocado slices were perfectly ripe. The flavors together were so tasty. The beans were good but not special and I was allowed to substitute asparagus for the rice which was very nice.
Overall, a spectacular meal. Expensive, but the unique flavors and delectable food make it definitely worth it. A new favorite!!A friend from home came to visit me in NYC and we planned a trip down to Philly for the weekend to visit a friend. While waiting for him, we decided to get in town early for dinner, and I must say I am so glad we stumbled upon Alma De Cuba!!!
As the cab pulled up, we didn't know what to expect, as we chose the spot on recommendation alone. Upon walking in, we requested a table for two, without reservation. We had our things with us and the hostess gladly took our things and hung our coats. +1 for the coat check! The ambiance and decor was very nice, as was the music they played. 
We began our meals with a few drinks and an appetizer: my friend ordered the Classico martini and I ordered the mango martini. They were not only delicious but they made for a great catchup session between friends that live 3,000 miles away from one another! I definitely recommend the mango martini; sweet yet not overbearing and still tastes like a martini. For the appetizer we ordered the Empanada de Verde. It was SO good! I highly recommend.
As for the main courses, my friend ordered the Chicken Imperial and absolutely loved it. She said that it was very flavorful and the meat was tender. I am a strict vegetarian and was a little skeptical of this place since the menu seemed a bit limited for me. Notwithstanding, I ordered a side of grilled asparagus and a generous portion of black beans, seasoned to perfection.
Our overall experience was lovely, from the welcoming hostess that seated us rather quickly although it was a bit busy, awesomely attentive service, above average drinks, to the clean bathroom (always a plus) and the AMAZING food. 
I HIGHLY recommend Alma de Cuba! Can't wait to go back...Get the trio ceviche sampler...the al fuego one was spicy and delish. Sugar cane tuna was great. My husband had the vaca frita, which was well seasoned.
Overall four and a half stars....not quite 5. May go back for their happy hour menu.Went there in January 2017. Amazing - no other word. The food, service, atmosphere was all incredible. I will return here everytime I am in Philadelphia.Having never been to a Cuban restaurant before, we didn't know what to expect but were pleasantly surprised.
NOTE TO THE LADIES ~ if you are headed here for dinner, leave your stilettos at home. Have to climb over 3 flights of stairs to get to your table. And they are what looks to be originally refurbished wooden steps.  
Why 4 stars?
** Wait Staff was friendly and helpful.
** Hostess carried all of our drinks to our table from the bar (did I mention all the steps??)
** Great array of creative appetizers with a sampler dish offered - not seen in many upscale places these days.
** Desserts were among the top 3 I have had in the past 3-4 years. I ordered the Banana Semi-Fredio (spelling??) and it was AMAZING!
Why not 5 stars?
** Cerviche was a bit disappointing and lacked heat in some cases. If the menu describes it as spicy with habenaros - I want heat damnit!!
** I ordered the Tuna skewered on sugar cane with coconut risotto. Risotto was over-powered with coconut to the point I could only eat about 1/3 of it.
** They asked if we were celebrating a special occasion when the reservations were made and we told them it was a birthday. No acknowledgement at all. No questions from the hostess or waitress, no candle on dessert. A touch disappointing. 
** Drinks, although VERY FRESH, were hard to figure out via the drink menu. MANY MANY references to liquors were never heard of. Very confusing all of us. The drink menu could use a revamp to fix the long-winded explanations and such.
**Tables were close together.
Small FYI - they do not accept Discover.authentic latin food, great ceviche, sangria and lechonI would have rated this place 4 stars but they f'ed my take home meal and that really pissed me off and pretty much ruin my night(and my intended meal for the next day)!
I've been here before and I realized that it must have been during restaurant week so I never had a full view of their menu.
I normally get the Vaca Frita but instead went for the Lechon Asado this time. I had the virgin mojito (yeah, lame but I am trying to rest my liver for the wknd ahead). The cheesy bread is like dragon egg the way they serve it only 2 each...but you better believe I asked for more after I finished the two I was given.
I enjoyed my meal but I couldn't finish more than half of it it so I had glorious day dreams of how I would take the leftovers to work the next day....yummy. Meanwhile my friend tore thru her meal (we ordered the same thing) and had little left except pork fat..left over cheesy bread and rice and beans.
Time for take- I offered to bag myself but they took both meals to the back. The guy came back minutes later and just dumped both bags on the table...kinda rudely. I should have know with the way he dumped them that he gave NO THOUGHT to which meal belonged to who.
It's pretty dim in the place so I did glance in the bag and being that we ordered the same meal, it was hard to tell but I sadly placed too much trust in the "take home bag" system at this restaurant and I presumed they knew which meal belonged to which guest...heaven it was just freaking two people at the damn table, how can you mess that up! 
Ofcourse I get home and all I see if half eaten piece of fat. Like WTF! I didn't pay for this isht!
My friend lives 1.5hours away so it's not like I can just drive over and exchange the food. 
So now i'm  pissed that i have to 
1) Either eat some one's leftovers(argh!.)...which is pretty much skin fat and rice and beans..what the heck am I suppose to do with that?
2) Throw it away and sulk like a 5y/o...
3) Come vent on Yelp and still sulk like a 5y/o 
#3.
So mad!After having Alma de Cuba really hyped up for me, I really thought my experience was just O.K.  
Maybe it's because I was in the mood for a real ceviche and have actually had it, or maybe it was the atmosphere, that was honestly a little lackluster for me.  
The restaurant is really dark, as some people have said, and the first floor, where we sat was just awkward.  The chairs are couches that sit too low on the ground and far away from the table so you have to scoot close to converse over the general loudness of the bar area, which is right behind/all around you.  I was also was not a fan of the projected images of "native" Cubans (children, old people, fat guy) on the walls that decorate the first floor.  They seemed silly and out of place, especially since the rest of the decor is obviously trying to be trendy and modern.  Check the glowing bar.
Now, I could easily overlook these things if the food could have redeemed it for me, but sadly it was only O.K.
I had the rainbow ceviche (tuna, salmon, some white fish) and the ensalada verdana as my meal.  I guess it depends on what you are expecting for the ceviche.  It tasted like someone just took small sashimi pieces and plated them in a generic asian sauce that had a little lemon juice in it.  It even had some sesame seeds.  whaaat? Only the pieces of white fish actually tasted similar to real ceviche because it could soak up the flavors of the marinade...
The salad was also sub-par.  Some of the greens were wilty. It had too much dressing and was freakishly salty in parts.  
Though I knew it was expensive going in, I was expecting the quality of food to make the price worth it... not so much.
The little bread balls that they give you beforehand were good however!
Alas, not enough to redeem my Alma de Cuba experience.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong things? Nonetheless, I think I will save my Stephan Starr restaurant outings for Morimoto, which has much higher quality of food and better atmosphere.The carpacio was delicious. The porkchop was uninspired and somewhat bland and unexciting. The coconut tapioca was good, but there was some type of weird condiment which tasted like dried chunks of brown sugar which reuined it for me. 
Nice decor, may go back to try it for real food. Restaurant week was a disappointment.waaaay expensive. should have trusted yelp - way out of my price range! I was jonesing for some delicious, well-made cuban food, something I have yet to find in philly. this was delicious, and well-made, but the prices and overall swank of the restaurant were just not was I was looking for. 
great drinks, very tasty, just not my style.The best part is the ceviche and the mini croquettes with garlic sauce. I want to try more of the menuUgh this place.... Soooooo good... From the rolls to appetizer to main and dessert... Love their portion sizes and their seafood options! I keep on coming back to this place. Love....Went here last night and just had a beyond amazing time. The food was absolutely to die for and as a vegetarian, they were so accommodating to work around my needs. 
Even the bread was delicious. I ordered the empanadas and moros y cristianos, both delicious and highly recommend. 
My friends ordered everything on the menu, a lot of people enjoyed their meals, notably the ceviche and vaca frita. 
I even had a birthday chocolate mousse cigar, which was absolutely delicious. 
The ambience was upscale, classy, and while I wouldn't recommend it every night, definitely worth spending the money to celebrate a special occasion.In the four years I lived in Philadelphia, I probably ended up at Alma de Cuba more times than any other restaurant. Almost the entire menu is extremely solid, and the portions are more than satisfactory for the price. I love the seating situation, tables and booths on two dimly lit floors. Upstairs has a somewhat secluded section in front of a artsy back lit photo of a migrant worker, great for bigger groups. 
1. Royal Palm Dates: I first tried this as a part of the Alma sampler, and ended up ordering it off the menu every time thereafter. Great combination of sweet/savory, mushy/crunchy, fresh/rich.
2. Ceviche: Almost all of the ceviche options are super solid, and I'm not even normally a fan. 
3. Lechon Asado: So good. So much food. Generous portion of crispy roasted pork over some rice and beans with orange flavor. I'll still crave this plate on a random day now and then. 
4. Other: The bread is amazing and the bartender garnishes cocktails with sugar cane sticks.Came to dine in between work and I didn't want to go back at all! The restaurant is so homey and the food was unbelievably fresh and delicious - and I don't even care for Cuban food! Will be back!I wish I could give it a 4.5..
The ambiance is fun, low, romantic lighting with pops of red. Three floors of people watching. I felt like it was necessary to be dressed up; nice button down shirt and jeans for guys and nice dress or top for ladies.
I thought the food and drinks were all amazing, but I left the restaurant hungry, and that shouldn't happen when it is that expensive.
I can personally attest that the following are delicious:
Panela Chilean Sea Bass- Really well cooked with great flavor
Maine Diver Scallops
Beef Tenderloin
Chocolate Tower 
Chocolate Cigar- so so soooo delicious for a choco-holic like me!
Banana Tres LechesBest cuban in Philly.  I'm usually not a fan of Stephen Starr at all, but Alma is the exception.  The beef empanadas are amazing, the bean soup was great, the ceviches are creative.  Would deserve 5 stars if they provided better value.Love all the "Starr" products but this place holds a special place in my culinary heart! Chef Rodriguez mentored one of my yearlings who now has a brilliant career in culinary! 
I love taking newbies to Alma for ceviche, cocktails and of course the chocolate Cuban cigar! On many occasions just the "cigar" 
Food here is always the way I expect it. 
Staff here are friendly, knowledgeable and maintain a relationship with your table that's neither pushy nor scarce. 
Prices are as expected when dining on Walnut St, but when you step through the door you are taken into the world of Cuba! Decor is just now getting dated which kinda adds to the feel but how long has this place been here.......that's some of the magic behind Starr...
Keep up the great work for many more years!!!!!I only went for drinks and appetizers -- Had a classic mojito and the guacamole, I will need to return for dinner some time.New interpretations of Havana classics are on the menu in this City Center townhouse. Together with the standard empanadas, ropa vieja, and ceviche, you'll find ambitious preparations like pumpkin seed-encusted sea scallops swimming in a calabaza melon puree and sea bass on a bed of green rice with sides of plantains and stuffed peppers. The white-jacketed staff looks elegant, but service was brusque, and we felt rushed enough to ask the waiter to slow down his frenetic pace. At these high prices, we wanted to savor the meal, not gulp and run so he could turn the table.Last summer I ordered two entrees for take out, and one of the entrees was wrong. Instead of getting arroz con pollo, I received arroz con mariscos. I then called this restaurant, in which they told me they would give me another entree of equal or less value for free if I came in and spoke to a manager. 6 months later, my boyfriend and I were looking for a quick meal for dinner, as both of us were exhausted from working all day. We were walking by Alma de Cuba, and I thought it was worth a shot to see if they would still honor my free entree. When we got inside we were greeted and as I explained my situation to the hostess she kindly called the manager (who was just as friendly) down. She honored the offer that was made to me a while ago and told us We were welcome to sit at the bar. The bartender was awesome and offered us water while we waited. The experience completely changed my mind on this restaurant! What wonderful customer service and our meal was awesome! Thank you Alma de Cuba staff, for being so friendly and doing excellent business. We will dine with you again!I can only comment on the happy hour, but I will definitely be back for dinner sometime. I came with a friend and we both tried their classic mojito. We had asked our waitress about the drink specials, and she recommended the classic because she said it was stronger and less sugary than the suave, and we're glad we listened to her advice. The drinks were amazing, and they even came with a stick of sugarcane, so if for some reason you didn't feel the mojito was sweet enough, you could chew on that.
We also split the truffled guacamole. When it first came out, I was skeptical of the plantain chips that came with it. Thankfully, the chips were not as sweet as I had expected, and they blended well with the guacamole and relatively strong (but delicious) truffle flavor.
The happy hour is very reasonable. Drinks were $6, and so were the appetizers. I think dinner, though, will have to be for a special occasion because the prices are a bit steep.Great atmosphere, service, and entrees.  The chocolate cigar (complete with flaming candy matches) was one of the coolest desserts I have ever experienced in a restaurant.Awesome latin food! Strong drinks:) Very trendy! I will be back in April!!!! I can't wait!Food was terrible, when we comment on the Pork  having to much fat, the waiter said this is a characteristic of the dish. We had travel all the way from South Jersey to this terrible placegreat ambiance... but sometimes may be a little too dark..
the bread is probably the best part of the dining experience there..
a little pricy so check out during restaurant week..Awesome upscale Cuban restaurant in Rittenhouse area. This was our first visit to Alma de Cuba and I was not disappointed. We made reservations for dinner on a Saturday night. The restaurant is quite big with 3 levels, the bottom level was the bar/ lounge area which was really gorgeous. I was really surprised and impressed by the restaurants elegant deco and ambience. We walked up the stairs and we were seated on the second level. We were immediately greeted by one of our servers, she was very pleasant and gave us info on all the specials for the evening.The restaurant was quite busy which should be expected on a Saturday night. We ordered drinks and opted for their classico mojito and passion fruit mojito. The drinks were well made and tasted great. For appetizers we ordered the empanadas cubanas, which were really tasty and was a nice start to dinner.  For our entrees I got the VACA FRITA  which is Slowly braised  pan seared skirt steak that came with a side black beans, white rice, sliced avocado,a delicious tomato sauce and pickled onions for garnish. I also got a side of fried sweet plantains. The presentation was really nice and my food was delicious. My wife ordered their Short Rib Ropa Vieja which she really enjoyed as well. Ours Servers were really great and checked on us regularly. Overall our visit to Alma de Cuba was awesome, food was great, the atmosphere and ambience was really nice and I have no complaints about the service we received. My only complaint is they are a little bit on the pricey side for a Cuban restaurant.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly. The food is amazing. I highly recommend the bacon wrapped dates, vaca frita, lecon asado, chocolate cigar, and the cerviche. The suave mojitos are the best ones that I've had. Service has always been really good.Amazing food. I went with two friends who knew the GM from when she was still at Pod (a restaurant they frequented during college) and she was super nice and accommodating. We basically ordered everything on the menu.
Truffled guac? Are you kidding me? Who knew! It was amazing. The fish tacos, amazing. The selection of ceviches, also amazing. I was really blown away by the quality of the ingredients and the taste explosions in my mouth. 
I ordered the lechon asado, and as expected, I was ready to be wheeled off to the nearest hospital for a double-bypass. It was deliciously fatty and crisp, with the pickled veggies (not sure what it was, exactly) providing just the right amount of acidity. I had a bite of my friend's vaca frita, which was also great.
The cuban cigar for dessert is presented so well and tastes equally delicious. We also had those little doughnuts, so good!
And, of course, we ordered mojitos with our food. The sugar cane was a nice touch, although I wasn't quite sure what to do with it. I gnawed on it briefly. I'm sure it would've been great if I had been more comfortable with having a stick of sugar cane hanging out of my mouth...Among my all-around best dinning experiences, ever.  Wonderful ambiance (a bit dark), interesting and comfortable seating, great drinks, and a really amazing duck dish.  I also enjoyed the grilled octopus appetizer, and had the tapioca dessert (served in a coconut, enough for 2 people).  Would make a great date restaurant, but I was on my own.  Great service, too.  A little pricey, but worth it.I ate here with a large party, and this place is definitely set up for large groups. The food my wife and I ordered was pretty unexciting. I had a very salty and bland fish, she had a duck dish which also wasn't very flavorful. The environment was nice, however our server gave us a lot of attitude about trying to split the check. Overall, I thought this was a pretty disappointing meal, especially for the price. The rest of our party were also upset about the server but others thought the food was good, especially the ceviche. Full disclosure I haven't eaten at many other Cuban restaurants so I don't have much to compare it to. However, Philadelphia is filled with amazing restaurants and I think this place is just okay.First time dinning out with some friends at this high end cuban restaurant. The drinks are strong and the food is amazing. The price tag is up there too. But so worth it. Deserts are really good too. Service is moi caliente!!! lol. Superb. Fine Dining at its best. Ceviche, Duck, Ahi Tuna.... mouth watering. I never knew Cubian food was this good.This place is awesome. I've only eaten by the bar area but the food is on point, as are the cocktails. The Havana Old Fashioned is great, as is the mojito. For apps go for the Rainbow or yellowtail ceviche, and the chips and guac. For entrees the ribeye is salty and cooked to perfection, as is the scallops. 
The vibe is good as is the service.The food was great and the service was some of the best that i have seen. My party was a bit difficult asking the waiter to split a bill seven ways but through it all the waiter was extremely courteous. Also, the restaurant was beautiful, very romantic.The kobe beef meatball is to die for. The app here are all amazing and doesn't compare to anything I had before. The ceviche was good. The ahi tuna was amazing. Best fusion place I have tried and worth the price and wait.I love this place.  I've been here twice now and would go back every time I come to Philadelphia.  It's just such a fun place.  Between the multi-level architecture, to the projected images of Cuban decent on the walls, to the set up of the bar and lounge area, it's very, very visually appealing.  The food...fantastic!  The specialty drinks here are probably the greatest thing about the restaurant.  All ingredients are fresh and delicious, and i'm not much of a cocktail kind of person, more so a beer drinker.  One of the best in Philadelphia without a doubt.  Highly recommended.As a South Florida transplant, I was hesitant to dole out the 'big bucks' for a visit to a Stephen Starr restaurant....fortunately, my date took care of that concern. 
We arrived 30 minute prior to our 8:00 pm reservations to check out the ambiance.  The decor is reminiscent of the Delano or Shore Club in South Beach---sophisticated sounds and luscious on the eyes. The place is two-level, with first floor lounge-vibe, bar and trendy couches. The second floor is all dinner tables. 
This isn't Abuela's authentic Cuban food. And there is no doubt you can find a vaca frita for a heck of a lot less money but  "Alma de Cuba" translates to "Soul of Cuba" and the chef takes creative liberties to design an innovative menu building on cuban staples like pork, chicken, beef. 
I have to agree with others about the "little bread rolls"----they are addictively good. As an appetizer, we shared the Royal Palm Dates; they were juicy and creamy.  As an entree I had the Beef Tenderloin, which was perfectly marinated and garnished with asparagus and chimichurri sauce. It's a shame patrons must pay extra for side orders of sweet plantains and black beans/rice---essentials to any cuban plate.
Dessert: Portions were more than adequate so we skipped the sweets 
Service---friendly and superb; timely and accomodating. We had reservations, showed  up on time and no wait.Went here twice - once for a late night drink and snacks and then again for dinner. Love this place so much! The food is amazing and the ambiance is one of a kind. The tostones with a garlic mojo on top is my fav - I had the skirt steak and it was delicious. Their chocolate cigar dessert presentation was amazing! And it tasted delicious.  Can't wait to return on my next trip back to Philly!This was probably the worst meal I've had in Center City which was especially disappointing considering I have a Cuban friend who recommended it. I'm not sure if it's a shitty restaurant week type of place but nothing was worth purchasing at full price. I only found the actual atmosphere to be the only highlight. Pretty decor and overall design/feel. Food was nothing worth mentioning nor was the service. Probably will not return. Two stars is being generous in my opinion.I've been to alma de Cuba a few years back and one day window shopping with a friend we walked by and he's never been so I suggested to have a taste.
We sat at a very comfortable banquet and wide chair table for two and had a server with us shortly. I'll be honest, I mainly wanted just the bread and dip preface to dinner which is nothing like ive ever had before. 
It's indescribable in taste except worth every calorie being a deterrer of unnecessary carbs. It's my favorite. 
We wanted a short and simple meal so we decided on two appetizers,
We chose the yellowtail ceviche which was the perfect portion for two to satisfyingly enjoy the dish and not skimp around saving the last piece for someone.
Then we had the foie gras which was very tasty.
It was buttery and went so well with I forget what it was but it tasted like fried polenta on the outside and a mildly warm cream cheese  filling. It went so well together we were able to finish everything.
It was the perfect light dinner after a walk around center city.I was visiting Philadelphia for a meeting and wanted to take our team out for a nice dinner. We picked the right place. The food was delicious. From the little bread balls that were toasty hot, to the spinach empanada and the white sangria. The plantains deserve a sentence of their own - delicious. The service was great and I really feel like our team received a special treat. Highly recommended.This is one of my favorite happy hour spots. I usually get the pitcher of sangria but opted for mojitos which were fantastic. Get the bacon wrapped dates - they are incredible!A recent visit to Alma De Cuba confirmed that everything here is still decent but not outstanding. Except for the prices. Cha ching.