Disclaimer: I  have never eaten there, i've only gone for drinks. Best bar prices i've seen. it's like happy hour any time of the day!
the service was awesome.  Go out there and get some drinks.coming from an Arab, Aloosh has the best middle eastern food in philly so far! I love the atmosphere, i love the food and the hookah is pretty good! Im not a huge fan of hookah bars, due to prices and the food is usually mediocre, not at Aloosh! Also try the hummus with beef, to die for!The food was great and I love the vibes of this place. I liked the decor and the prices aren't too bad. There is a belly dancer which I wasn't expecting to see; a great upgrade.Aloosh is my favorite hookah bar and restaurant. I came here with a large group of my girlfriends. The decor and atmosphere was perfect; very Mediterranean and chill. There was music playing in the background and the tables and seats set the tone for a really laid back afternoon! 
The hookah was great; lots of good and new flavors. I was very hesitant as to which ones to pick since there were so many options and I didn't want to waste money on the wrong flavor, but they were all enjoyable. 
I tried the beef shawarma for my meal and baklava for dessert. They were both recommended by my Arab friends who are more familiar with the food. Delicious! 
I was 100% satisfied with this place and will be coming back. Worth trying if you're into the hookah or new food scene! 
P.S. the service was flawless. Pleasant and speedy hostess!I got catering from Aloosh for a UPENN event today. The presentation was excellent, didn't let me down in front of colleagues, they delivered, the pricing was awesome, and everyone was thrilled with the food. I highly recommend their mezze platters and their stuffed grape leaves which are a big hit. Another popular is the stuffed eggplant "makdous" a very traditional dish. Thanks guys!As way of a disclaimer I'm a recent local.  I love this place, the bartenders and servers are really solid, helpful and a good resource for information on the menu with great recommendations.  I'm mostly here for a couple drinks after work and the like, but they have really accomplished bartenders that can make a variety of drinks.  They often have really solid IPAs on tap, and a good bottle selection which I'm usually interested in trying.  I usually don't go in for mixed drinks and the like, but some of the cocktails managed to please my more old school tastes.  Also I love the hummus here, comes with a drizzle of olive oil and choice of pita or chips.  Tuesdays have great specials.Just got into Philly wanted to go to a chill spot and grab a drink. Our host recommended the spot. It had its ups and downs. There was a 5 dollars cover and the place was really packed I guess because the host walked us to the end of the bar (high traffic, high top chairs, just not a hookah bar feel to me). We requested another seating arrangement and within 20 minutes we were sitting on couches in the patio room. We stayed there for a while there was a belly dancer for like 2 seconds... the waitress (Arianna I believe was her name) was EXTREMELY pleasant and attentive and even gave us recommendations for nightlife for the rest of the weekend. She had to deal with some crappy customers who tried skipping out on the bill and some annoying ones that were seated next to us and I think under the circumstances she did the best she could...the hookah lasted long we got lemon mint with the grapefruit head the coal guy was sparse but it was busy. I'd go back though and recommend to friends.Great place!The best hookah in Philly!Very friendly staff.I love this place.I got charged 28.00 for 2 Long Island ice teas I was told it was $11.00 each the rest was tax and gratuity where do you pay tax on drinks in phila.. I was there many times before when first opened never charged like this... The service is so slow here.. It takes a long time for service and even longer wait for a drink.. Thumbs downWe had a great time celebrating my friends birthday there last night. The hookah is good and the food is decent...although there is much better middle eastern food in Philly. We didn't have the same issues with service as I've read on other posts... but my only complaint is that we asked for separate checks and the guy didn't keep track of what each person ordered so we had to figure it out for ourselves. Otherwise, they were attentive, nice and friendly. Otherwise, the decor and location is great. And there's free parking behind it! Can't be that!This place is just like a great restaurant in the Hamra or the Gemmayzeh in Beirut! Great food and atmosphere!We went last night and the paid a 10 dollar  cover charge which was fine as i expected to be seated at a table. When we were seated at bench outlined on the wall i was discouraged, but ah-well.
The service was bad. No other word for it. We sat for 20-25 mins with not even a menu. I was ready to leave but just as I was, the waiter came. 
He was cool. The hookah came quick and tasted good. Flavor left quicker but they did replace the coals. So that was okay.
The drinks took a good while. But were cool and made strong. We ordered nachos with chicken and they were REALLY good. 
Ive never been to an establishment were you had to wait for the bill, and hunt the waiter down for the bill, but we did. 
This place is also pricey. Not high, but compared to other places and hookah bars i spent 70 bucks for two people. Not bad but not good.My friend recommended we try this place and we were surprised by a fun, relaxed, yet upbeat environment with some great decorating and music.
For hookah, we split a lemon mint one which lasted about 1.5 hrs without refreshing the tobacco. They barely put on any new coals! These guys are hookah professionals. 
For food, we were obsessed with the fries (get the boom boom sauce) and hummus. We ended up getting two rounds of each. The boom boom sauce was kind of this tangy, asian inspired sauce and the fries had some amazing seasoning on them. Maybe paprika and chili powder? The hummus was definitely nuttier than your usual hummus and was clearly house made. I think they went a bit heavy on the tahini, but I absolutely am not complaining. 
My one issue was that the wait staff was a bit slow. I feel like we were waiting a lot of things that shouldn't necessarily take that long, and our waters were not refreshed once and we were there almost two hours with lots of empty glasses. Our beers however, were constantly refreshed. Also, it was very hard to get the attention of our waitress. My friend was actually raising his hand and waving the check around and she still didn't look our way. It was busy, but not that busy for the service to be that slow.
I may not come back here as a regular, as it was a bit expensive and the service was not great, but it was definitely a fun experience!!When me, my friends , & family attended aloosh a couple weeks ago , the food is delicious , the service is great , I love the atmosphere . However , the music they were playing wasn't to my liking but other then that the place is great and I have been dying to go back !It was a great experience  , try the kushari and kubbah they're really good. I enjoyed my timeMy lil sister took me here to celebrate my birthday.  We had a great time!  The service can be slow at times and I received the wrong entrée (not what I ordered).  However, I will give them a pass on that, because it is hard to hear over the loud music and the festive clapping for the belly dancer.  I decided to stick with the entree.  I had the shish kabob.  The steak was severely over-cooked.  The side of rice was very good and well-seasoned.   Overall, my entrée was still delicious even with the over-cooked meat.  
The belly dancer was fantastic.  I have been to establishments that featured a belly dancer before and I have to say the belly dancer here is one of the better ones I have seen.  Besides the cocktails, they have an alcohol based smoothie section on the menu.  A couple of people in our party did not care for the smoothies.  I ordered a cocktail, which was good.  As for theHookah, they have a lot of different flavors.  We arrived around 9:30ish, but when we left around 1am, the place was packed and more people were arriving.  I guess they are doing something right -- would I return...hell yes!This is hands down the number 1 hookah bar in town. Unlike other shady little places with decent hookah or nightclub / bars that offer shitty plastic overpriced hookahs...this place offers a perfect trifecta of top notch cocktails, delicious Mediterranean food and hookah that is only matched by upscale hookah lounges in Dubai (that's where I was brought up). Not only does this place provide bang for buck when it comes to pricing, it provides a complete experience thanks to the excellent service, diverse clientele and ethnic ambience. Whether it's for business or pleasure, chilling or going all out..Aloosh is one of the best establishments in town. Highly recommended it!The service was ok... I had to remind the guys to bring out our hookah, and our drinks. The music is especially loud and the place is usually crowded. My friend and I shared a couch and had to text each other when we had something to say. Some people go for that kind of atmosphere, though. The prices are reasonably low compared to other hookah spots in the area, which is nice.Really wasn't a fan of charging $10 just to walk in. Everything was to overpriced. And to be honest not that good.Great service, great food, and the hookah is really good. Everyone is very nice and accommodating. Belly dancers are fun and very interactive with the customer... Nice chill place to enjoy with a group of friends. I've been to a few hookah places here and this is one of the best services, and the hookah tastes great!! The food is delicious, a bit pricey for everything but it is def worth the extra $.
Update: it's downgraded to maybe a 3.5 star. I've been here a few more times, I feel like the food and service has downgraded. I'm not sure if they have trouble finding employees but it's someone different every time I go now. And service is super sloooooowwww now. Our server can go missing for a good 30 mins, and it's happen on a few occasions. Food is still good but prices are kind of expensive.A brainchild of Ed's with a great ambiance. Comfortable chairs, dance/electronic music abounds and reasonable prices. Aloosh is just what Powelton Village needed. 
I had the chicken shawrma sandwich. It was quality. There was no dearth of delicious tender chicken and a heaping serving of surprisingly yummy fries. You can't really beat it for 8 bucks. I can't wait to return and try some of their other dishes, maybe order a hookah and enjoy the patio.Cool low key spot, good wingsI love this place. I've been coming here since they opened up. There really isn't another place in Philly that you can go and have a hookah, get food, have I drink, and then have a tea on your way out. This place is what you call "a diamond in the rough." The customer service will leave you coming back. They really care about you as a customer, and I'm not just blowing smoke.My friend and I went there for the first time and the service was absolutely horrible. The waiter took forever to take our order then he disappeared took about 30 mins or so just to bring us our hookah and drinks. Never saw the waiter for another hour or so, seemed like lot of the staff was spending time just socializing with eachother and only giving their attention to people they're friends with. We then decided to order some hummus and pita and another round of tea, got the hummus and pita after a good 20 mins or so but no tea. My friend had to remind the waiter about the tea and we were told it would be done in 5 minutes. 35 minutes later and still no tea, so we decided to just ask for our check which also ended up taking yet another 15-20 minutes or so. When we finally recieved it the waited had charged us extra for the tea we never got. Great atmosphere and food was decent but service was horrible, don't think i would reccomend this place to anyone.My first experience at Aloosh was generally very positive, even though they had not yet received their liquor license, and I was little put off by the BYOB fee they charged. My second trip out was a complete success! The food seems to be good all around, hookah prices are standard and the service is great. I had the opportunity to meet the owner, and he seems like a genuinely hard working guy, I wish him and Aloosh all the best!The service was atrocious! And I'm not to sure why cause we were the ONLY table in the house for about the 1st hour. The waitress was extremely nice but she needs a new job cause waiting tables was not her strong suit. 
The food was pretty okay. The fries are amaze-balls. I really enjoyed the seasoning on them, they were really unique. 
But the best part of the experience was the hookah! I was a hookah virgin but popped my cherry on the watermelon and it was better than great! 
I also got the falafel burger, it was nothing special but not disgusting either. 
I'll definitely be back, just need a different waitress!Great food, great drinks, lovely decor. Seems like an awesome restaurant, until, well, the servers tell you they will 'BASH YOUR FACE IN THE NEXT TIME YOU COME BACK!!!'
I've worked in restaurants in the past, as a cook, a server, a bartender, and a manager. I go to several restaurants every week. In no situation is it EVER ok to threaten your customers, especially when they just received abysmal service. 
Living in the neighborhood, I've gone to Aloosh several times and I considered it to be the best spot walking distance away. Most times were decent, but one particular time the manager proudly presented each dish, and I told him I loved the place. It made such a great impression on me and I appreciated having a nice restaurant in neighborhood. 
So naturally, I chose to come here last night. But even as we waited to be seated, several servers and the bartender ignored us until I had to stop a server, and politely asked for seating. Before ordering, we specified that we had a bus to catch and chose food that was quick to make, and our server agreed and said that was ok (given 40 minutes mind you).  We ordered and it took 20 minutes for my drink to arrive. It looked great and I told my server that, and he said that it was a fancy drink and that's why it took so long. I don't think one needs to be a bartender to know it doesn't take 20 mins to make a chocolate martini, but I digress... After the drink came, our server said our food would be right out, so 15 more minutes and I ask and he says ' there was a computer error so he had to notify the cook, but just 2 more mins and the food will be out'. Still no sign of the food, so I track him down again, and politely pleaded that we're really short of time and he says again it will be right out. My date finally asked and still nothing. We've been servers and customers, so we get it, we were patient and communicative with our server. But at this point, we were starving and about to miss our bus. Frustrated, we left without even finishing our drinks. Our server threatened that they will call the police if we don't pay our bill.  How can you possibly bill someone for food and drinks they couldn't even enjoy because of your terrible service and lack of delivery? Ideally we would have gotten everything on time, and even if not, our server could have just been honest and we could have cancelled the order early on, paid and been on or way. But instead our server had no sense of urgency,repeatedly lied and then threatened us.  And still we were nice enough to give them some cash (processing credit cards in time was out of the question), but at this point we just wanted to leave and make our bus and our server, and another guy were still talking at us. Finally, my friend walked away and said "F*** this" and as were walking away the server (not the one we had initially) said some really nasty things, and proceeded to threaten us if we came back. Other than refusing to pay for a bad experience, we were respectful customers, at no point did we yell or curse at anyone; we didn't deserve that kind of treatment. 
When I got home I called and explained what happened to Adil, the manager. Before apologizing, he said he was told the story and caught everything on camera. And I said, well of course your guys are going to say what makes them seem right! I told him what happened, the bad service, how I did like this place before and the threats, and asked if he thought this was ok, and he said 'no, it wasn't', and apologized, and asked that I come back so we could rectify this. Well I hope so (and if I can get a guarantee my face won't be bashed in and my food won't be spit on, then sure).  
FYI I'm part of and a resident at a local, 30-year strong community/landmark/venue here in West Philly. Local restaurants have to understand that they aren't just here to take money, they're also thriving off our community and they should show some respect. After all the next time we have an event here with hundreds of people, most of whom are locals and students, you would want us to announce "After this event, you should go to Aloosh, that place is awesome!" not 'After this event, and for the rest of your lives, don't ever go to Aloosh, that place will only guarantee the worst dining experience of your life!"Horrible hookah, horrible. They definitely re-use tobacco. Food is a 6/10. Chicken is good. Beef is definitely microwaved. Would not recommend this place to anyone who expects a decent night out.The service was amazing...the food was good the manager got us shot on the house sat with us. N everything came out really fast...one of the best experience in PhiladelphiaThis is the best Syrian/Middle Eastern restaurant and hooka bar in Philly!!
This is by far one of the best places that serves Syrian food in the US.  I live in Los Angeles and I come to Philly for work and I am very impressed by the quality of food, the atmosphere, and the people who run the place.
The only thing I don't like about this place is that the servers are not so friendly.Becoming my favorite chill spots, they make great hookah! Atmosphere is defiantly exciting, I love when they play Arabic music. Also I recommend having a piña colada. Perfect for groups or a date.Babbby when I tell you that was the best calamari I have ever had!! It was seasoned so well and extra crispy!! I've had my share of it and every where I went they messed it up but not aloosh!! We had their bar menu which also included their wings which I forget what flavor but I'm sure they were delish because I don't remember there being any leftover,lol. Their fries were super awesome! The hookah is excellent quality and the belly dancer was a nice surprise because we weren't expecting that and she wanted my cousin so bad,lol! Overall great atmosphere and lot's of space! Definitely will bee going back to try the Indian cuisine!Best hummus In the city hands down. The melon mint flavored hookah was a big hit (no pun intended)  Atmosphere and lighting was nice also. Had a great time!This place isn't that bad. Our waitress was very nice and the food was pretty good.  They have a good selection of beer. Hookah was good but were out of what we originally ordered. My only gripes: Only two bathrooms in the whole place,  if you go with a small party you are seated in a room that is not as nice as the others,  the tables are small and low and seating is uncomfortable,  plus no belly dancers in there, music in there was kinda lame. There was a ten dollar cover charge,  went on  Saturday night.Came for the first time last night with a friend, we ordered a hookah, baba ganoush, hummus, falafel, a piece of baklava and some beers.  $10 cover charge. Hookah was just OK, and they were out of a few varieties.  
Sitting arrangements here are strange- I guess you take what you can get out here- but it felt weird for us to be in one room while other people were in other rooms with different music and entertainment. 
THE MUSIC HERE WAS ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE, by the way!  At least in our part of this place.  The kind of music that only teenage girls would listen to.  Dreadful... and it wasn't just background music that you could tune out with conversation.  
Waitress was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. All of the food we had was pretty good, except the baklava, which was dried out and underwhelming.  Pita bread was also very average.  $59 was the total bill for 2 of us. All in all.. we probably will not return.I went here once for my friend birthday, as soon as I walked in my initial thought was that the place was very neat and well kept. The hookah quality was amazing. They have little section where you can just sit and smoke hookah and they have people come to you to add coal or you can order drinks. The music was good. I haven't tried their food but overall a good spot to relax and smoke hookah. I really liked it.BEST hookah lounge in the Philadelphia area. Great environment and staff. Great music and belly dancers some nights. The owner Adel is always so welcoming. Must try the Adel Burger! Highly recommended hands down BEST burger I've had ANYWHERE... seriously.Great food specially the beef shawarma, the fires were amazing too. I know good Mediterranean food because I'm from there. Hookah was a bit harsh at the beginning but they fixed it, it was an amazing hookah so far in the Philadelphia area. The staff was more than great and helpful although I changed my table several times. I would totally recommend this place for anyone looking for great food and an amazing hookah. I guess this will be my hangout place once I move here.This review is for just the food and service at lunchtime. And I am vegetarian.
The baba ganoush is interesting, different from any I have ever had and enjoyable.
The hummus was OK, it seemed heavily weighted with tahini.
The grape leave were almost inedible, definitely not made fresh.
Service was poor. Though the place was nearly empty, it was difficult to find the server. She did appear at the right time for payment, but there was no followup after bringing the food and no attentiveness.Had my daughter's college graduation party there. Adel, the owner I think, took care of our party of 30 quite well. Everyone enjoyed the food as we had a broad sampling of numerous dishes. Everything was very good. The dolmas and lamb were superb. Service was great...though we did have a designated server, Arianna. It seemed that most were there for the hookah and we partook a little in it.  However, we were there to celebrate with food and drink in an atmosphere similar to where my daughter is headed shortly (Istanbul).  Very cool place.Great hookah... yummy burgers. Was disappointed that the beef cheeseburger wasn't halal :(I've visited hookah bars in the US and Europe. This is definitely the best hookah bar in the city and one of my favorites overall. If you are new to hookah or a novice they can help you pick the flavor for a perfect night. They have the basic flavors as well as special house blends. If you do not smoke hookah they have a great selection of food and drink. One of my favorite drinks is the lemon drop martini. The service is very attentive. If you need to catch a server they are always friendly when you wave them down. Very down to earth atmosphere. This is my favorite spot for a chill night, to get ready for a night out, or to end a night out with friends.This is thee best hookah spot ever not to mention best staff in the world ...i use a wheelchair and they have steps they were more than happy to lift me AND my chair over those to big steps in the front on the restaurant...i will come here again definitely!!! Plus the food was DEVINE!!! The boom boom sauce is so good I could have drunk it...it went wonderfully with my chicken shawarma ...Everything was hot and made to perfection...our waiter Fran was a sweetheart ...the hookah was smooth and tasted great from the fresh mint leaves and lemon slices that were put into pink lemonade at the base of the hookah...can't wait to go backBeen coming here for years. The food is great. The mixed drinks are the best. The best wing sauce in town (Chippers Bang Bang). This is my home away from home and they treat me just like family.Hands down this place is the BEST hookah spot in town. They have amazing hookah, the ambience is beautiful and the customer service is wonderful!I really like this place. The waiter was really understanding, there were a couple of things returned. Not because it was bad. Simply because it just wasn't my flavor. We wanted to try something new and it back fired a couple of times.
It was really chill and mellow. There were a few people when we arrived by the time we were to leave there were more people coming in. The space itself if big and thats deceiving from the outside. The bar is the first thing you see when you walk in. To the right is an additional seating area with a tv. The bar has a tv as well. We sat to the rear and left. There is also outdoor patio seating.
The decor is middle eastern. There are seating is pretty cool. No standard tables, except outside. Inside there are seats with pillows and small personal tables not your standard affair. It was dim and the background music was low. The waiter told me that around 10 or 11 it would start to get a litlle busy and if we decided to stay it would be worth our while.
The menu is good we ordered from the bar menu which has small plates and apps. We weren't so hungry that we ordered from the standard menu. We ordered a hookah but sent it back the flavor mix they recommended wasnt that great. They changed it out with no issues. They kept the coals coming as well so no finding a person. These is also a huge 6 or 7 foot hookah near the bar that i thought was for decoration. Nah this is for use! Its a 4 hose 4 headed hookah for 75 bucks. I would need to be with a party to do this. But the concept is very cool i will admit!
We ordered onion rings and lamb sliders with goat cheese. The sliders came with fries and they tasted pretty good. There was also a fruit smoothie with rum ordered. The smoothie was so fresh that the it gave you that itchy tongue to citrusy taste. Thats not a bad thing it just means the fruit was real and fresh. Couldn't really taste the liquor though. Two shots of tequila replaced it. Again, no issues on the replacement.
If I am in philly again I will come back for sure. If you are in philly or thinking about going to philly stop here.Aloosh is my favorite hookah bar right now. I've been to nearly all hookah bars in the city. You name it, I've been there. The service is impeccable and they know their flavored. The best thing is they do not use quick light coals, but coconaras. For those of you that do now know what these are, there coals do take longer than average to prep, but last twice as long and do not leave your mouth with a bad coal aftertaste. 
Food is excellent. My recommendation is the nachos with grilled chicken. Easy to eat and guac is included (you know what I mean you chipotle people).Absolutely the worst hookah I've ever had in my life and iam an everyday hookah smoker I order 3 hookahs for me and my friends and they were all horrible I can't believe they got good reviews they do not wash there hookahs ever flavor we ordered tasted nothing like its supposed to made me throw up screwed my night up and I don't drink alcoholWent on a Saturday night and was able to get seated quickly and the customer service was fantastic. I didn't have any food but it sure looked goodGreat atmosphere! the food is pretty good but the service is EXTREMELY slow..I've been about 4 or 5 times and every time I've been I wasn't able to place my order until after about 25 minutes of waiting..the last time I went (this past weekend) there was a wait outside to get in and the gentleman aka security at the door was extremely rude and we only were able to get in was because a patron from inside said we were with him. Overall it's a great place to go if your looking for a chill night with great food and hookahOne of the items on the menu that I'd recommend would be the Aloosh Chicken Shwarma Sandwich that comes along with garlic sauce and traditional fries. This meals comes for around $10. Every time I get it delivered it is hot and well done.The food is fantastic and the atmosphere perfect. I really like their music selection. Hookah is better than other places. I live in center city but for hookah come to this place. 
The manager is very nice !!We had a party of 8 with 4 hookahs. We each ordered the bar fries which was really good. The music and atmosphere is good too but they took forever to get the coals and the hookahs and they weren't that busy. It's fun for like the first 15-20 minutes but not for more than an hour. People are really nice as well. A bit pricey...Great and nice hokkah bar everything you want is there food, hookah, alcohol and a lot more. I went twice and am going again because it's fun and a lot of people go there. Good service too.There have been quite a few businesses through this location in the last few years. The difference is that Aloosh is the first one that seems like it has a future. 
I've been there a few times now and while they are just starting out you can't help but get a good feeling when you walk in the door. The first thing I noticed was the ambiance the place gave off. Classy and refined but still incredibly inviting. This definitely isn't your run of the mill hookah bar. 
Their approach to hookah is just a piece of the puzzle in and of itself. Unlike most places, they actually want you to enjoy your smoke rather than just give you half a bowl of shisha and kick you out the door as soon as your coal runs out. The entire time your hookah is maintained and refreshed until you've had your fill. Not to mention the fact that half the shisha they serve is handmade on the premises. 
But! Aloosh isn't just a hookah lounge. It's a full restaurant and bar. The food is authentic and delicious. The Aloosh Burger and Arayes were just two of the dishes I had but both were excellent. The Areyes in particular stood out. A full entree with a salad and a side of hummus for only $10. With a cup of Turkish coffee to top it off, I left full and happy. 
However, this review would be incomplete without mentioning the bar. Simply put, it's impressive. One of the best stocked and maintained bars in the area, Aloosh hit a home run here. Both the stock and the menu were created by their head bartender, Rich. And you can certainly tell that he knows what he's doing. This guy can serve up a cocktail that he makes up on the spot and you will swear he's been making it for years. 
Nice work Aloosh. I look forward to spending my time here.This was my second time going to Aloosh. The first time was waaaaaay better, there was a belly dancer and good hookah. Today was absolutely horrible. 
The food was good and our server was nice but that was about it. The seating is weird there were 4 of us and we all sat side by side till I asked 3 times three different servers to get me a chair so I can sit in front of my friends and we can conversate without bobbing our heads so we can see each other.
The hookah, the most important thing if your going to call yourself a hookah bar. Was absolutely HORRIBLE!! The first hookah was "Sex on the beach mixed with Code 69" It was not pulling right so we asked him to change it he said was gonna change the whole thing but all he did was change the hose from green to blue and put three coals on the tiny head which caused it to burn by the third puff. (I put a tiny mark on the glass with a pen that's how I know it was the same one). I immediately put it down till I saw a waiter 10 minutes later I told him to take it away it was BAD.
The second hookah was "Apple peach" on a fruit head started off really good but than it died off really quickly in just 30 minutes only 2 people smoking from it. I bet if I took the foil off and saw the shisha it would be significantly less than there should be there.
The bill even though I didn't smoke from the other one I still got charged for it
2 hookahs, 1 chicken shawarma, 4 waters in a cup not even bottled water, one red bull. Came out to be a total of $80.89 WHAAAAAAAAT?!?! Super over priced for bad hookah, bad music, bad seating arrangements. A hole in the wall hookah place is better than this.I come here pretty much every Friday night. Love the outside seating during the summer. The service can be hit or miss. I had a female server a week ago that closed our tab because her shift was ending, and completely botched the check. She told us not to worry, and just not tip her. It was pretty much the strangest thing that I've encountered here. Aside from this, the food is spot on and Aloosh is a one-stop-shop for everything you need for a chill evening. For some reason they don't give you tongs for managing your coals though...Hookah had 3 charcoals on it, which is probably why it was good in the beginning but got dry extra fast. They have a good selection of hookah flavors. food was better than the hookah. Imo probably just come here for the food if I was hungry, the portions were greatAtmosphere and food was excellent, but on the pricey side. That being said, the service was AWFUL. We saw our waitress one time and our coal went out a long time before we had to flag someone down. Had to ask for refills 3 separate times before we were tended to.The best food, the best hookah, the best service, and above all, the best atmosphere. Simply, Aloosh is the best place in Philly.DON'T COME HERE!!!!
Took 45 minutes to get our hookah, wouldnt give us a tong. Pipe was burnt, and then too weak.
Food order was wrong
Wait staff was slow, when there's no customers here, Unfamiliar with they're own menu. 
I'll pay extra for quality, but this place is run by incompetent teenagers.Aloosh is one of my favorite spots in Philadelphia. I am a huge hookah fan and this place knows how to do it right. They make quality hookahs and constantly come up with new creative flavor mixes for customers to enjoy. They are always vigilant about bringing coals out for the whole restaurant when the hookah is beginning to die down and their customer service is awesome. 
They really care about their customers and work hard to make the best impression possible. They do well in creating strong relationships with their customers which is why there are countless regulars who are constantly at the bar at least a couple days out of the week including myself.
But Aloosh doesn't just know how to make good hookahs; the food is awesome and the drink specials are some of the best you can find in Philly. I personally recommend everyone try the Aloosh seasoned fries with a side of "Boom Boom" sauce upon their first visit to Aloosh and if you're in the drinking mood Aloosh has great alcohol prices for quality choices whether or not there is a special going on at the time. Their cocktails are great and well-crafted by skilled bartenders or if you are looking for some new craft beer tastes Aloosh is the place to go. They are constantly rotating their drafts and updating their beer fridge with great new beers to try.
Overall, Aloosh is a definite hot spot in the city worth checking out for a fun time. Delicious food, tasty drinks, smooth hookah, and great people, what more do you need? :)I've been going to Aloosh since it opened and always had an amazing time. The staff and service are top notch and the food is out of this world! I've tried a few different flavors of their hookah and while all were smooth and tasty; my favorite is the G55. Please do not forget about the belly dancers on the weekends, they know how to get the whole restaurant up clapping and dancing!!! It is an all around amazing experience!Definitely one of the better Hookah bar options in University City. I've had some pretty bad service at Hookah Bars in Philly, but in general, Aloosh had good service, or at least they were polite.
I came here on a Friday night at around 8, and it wasn't too busy at this time, though by the time we left an hour and half later, it was starting to fill up. We ordered a hookah - the Melon Mint flavor - and it was very good. Before they changed the coals, it was a little rough, and we had to keep blowing out the smoke, but after they changed them, it was good. The servers are polite, but they can be very slow, especially as there is only one person who handles the hookah stuff. 
The decor is pretty cool, it actually looks like a hookah bar in the Middle East. Will probably be back!Great spot for new feel next to CC Philadelphia. 
Belly dancing, food, hookah, and drinks are all served here at Aloosh. Not exactly sure if it's Egyptian, Jordanian, Lebanese, Persian, or any of those but it's really good food. The hookah is nice as well, doesn't burn too quick and isn't very very expensive compared to other locations in Philadelphia. 
Very lively crowd whether you come at 9pm or 1am. Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves with their food and hookah while watching belly dancers dance to the music being played over the stereos. 
3/5 because the place to too crowded, the seats are UNBEARABLE if you stay longer than an hour, and some very sketchy people around this area. While we were leaving there was a fist fight outside between a couple and it just kind of ruins the vibe while leaving. 
P.S. If you track macros or calories just try to stay around things you have had before to try and track. Otherwise some items have higher kcal/gram than expected.This is the best place I have visited in Philadelphia. Their Hukkah are so awesome...  A rare place where Pan is served. All the servers are so pro active and well behaved and no place can match their specials which they have on weekdays...!!Great place.  Nice mood and diverse crowd.  You are treated like a regular on your first visit.First time back since I have moved back and it was still a good time. The atmosphere was great and the staff were friendly! Love the hookah choices and the staff were knowledgable when we had questions about the flavors, which was very helpful! Overall, there was great music and fun company!Delicious middle eastern food on Lancaster Avenue. The staff was great for our party of eleven (including four hungry kids.) Roasted eggplant appetizer was a standout, but everything tasted great. Don't let the hookah scare you off. No smoke smell and a totally family friendly vibe. They topped off the evening by giving the kids bubble blowers so we could finish our pitcher of Dogfish 60.I absolutely love this place! I go here at least once a week after work. The service is great, the food is awesome, and the G55 hookah is about as good as it gets. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to hang out with a group of friends, go on a date, or just stop in for a study break.I'd been watching their transformation from the now defunct Zocalo with some curiosity, so I decided to stop in. To be fair, I may not be their prime market. They include hookah smoking as part of their charm, but I'm not an active fan, so that part of the equation didn't really get judged. Still, they call themselves a restaurant, so they should stand on their own in that department.
Overall, the food was...pretty OK. The food was definitely seasoned, and wasn't bad by any stretch. However, when you compare it to the competition they have in the area...well, their seasonings aren't the boldest, their dishes the most refined and their prices are high compared to the relatively low budget student friendly food trucks and restaurants. Again, I repeat that the food wasn't bad, just that I walked away thinking that I paid too much for what I got.
Look, if their strategy is to be a place where people can go to smoke hookah, with pretty decent food for people to snack on and bar that has a decent (and not completely overpriced) drink selection menu and they can make money doing it, power to 'em. If it's a place where you want to be in awe of culinary wonder I would take a chance elsewhere.Don't set your expectation high. This place is not clean. It is old and I classify it as 2 or 3 stars place. The Hookah was not good. Tea is Cold and I'll never come here again.They serve the finest hookah in America. They know their business. Went there for a graduation party, it was so much fun. Ordered so many different shots, the bartender did an amazing job. N moreover shots were not expensive. 
Food is finger licking tasty, kababs were so tasty. N there a house sauce called boom boom sauce .. So tasty !! Overall amazing place.Surprisingly mediocre food. Our waitress kept insisting that everything was made on the premises by a mysterious grandmother figure, but several items were clearly out of cans, and all we're second or third rate. Bland hummus, boring dolmas, and two eggplants dishes that were overwhelmingly salty. 
The space itself in nice and relaxing - a good place to have a drink. Great beer selection. Just not for a good dinner!I traveled to philly from Nashville and was looking for a good hookah bar since I work at one back home and I must say this is one of the nicest hookah spots I have been to in the states. The hookah and Turkish coffee were to die for and the staff was so friendly!! Would totally recommend this place if you are looking for a very modern but traditional hookah lounge!! Will definitely be back here when I visit again!One of my favorite place in University City. Try fries while enjoy the hookah. They are awesome.The hooka and food at Aloosh isn't half bad, really. It's the price and service that absolutely kills it, though.   Ordered some hommous for the table, got a plate with some hommous on it and a single set of silverware. No breads, not multiple silverware sets, nothing. Had to request these things.  $25+ for tobacco? Me no thinky this is a good idea. $10 for a nominally $6 beer? Even worse.  If they'd shave their prices down to be competitive or at least start offering better service, I'd go back. Until then, meh.Just ordered the "Taste of Aloosh"  with grape leaves for delivery.
Taste of Aloosh$16.00
Taouk, shish kabob and kafta served with seasonal vegetables and pita bread.
I was sent a small plastic container of rice containing 5 small cubes of chicken, 4 small  pieces of beef, one kafta and two triangles of "seasoned" pita. I will eat this in 5 minutes and still be hungry. Expected price should be ~$8-10 not an incredible $16.
Order of grapes leaves was supposed to include pita. This was not included.Just an amazing place. Very relaxing environment, great staff service and the food is amazing. I had a very intimate table in the back and it really set the tone. The management is superb and I will absolutely return.Ok- so I first discovered shawarma while I was abroad in Africa and have been unable to find shawarma parallel to the Lebanese versions that I've had. 
Aloosh (which is not Lebanese) comes close. I would say that it's one of the best in Philly. The shawarma is well seasoned and neatly packed. I usually get it as a platter with fries (tho I should get salad) and they're crisp and well seasoned. I haven't dined in or had hookah yet but if lunch is a preview then I'll definitely come back and try.