I wanted to love this restaurant but didn't.  The room is lovely and the service excellent (although a bit canned, as we heard our waiter recite the same exact speech with each table).  This is clearly a celebration restaurant - most tables had a sparkler delivered to their table at the end of the meal acknowledging birthdays and anniversaries.  My husband and I went for my birthday on a Sunday night - we looked at the menu on line and looked forward to ordering the beef Wellington for two.  Upon arrival, we were told that the Wellington was sold out (it was only 7 pm), as was the stuffed lobster.  These were the two most obvious "celebration" items on the menu and our first and second choices.  I can get a great steak at any number of places, but not these two dishes.  Instead, I got branzino, and my husband a veal tomahawk.  These were very good, but not something special and unique to this restaurant.  For a restaurant that acknowledges being a celebration location, they should not be out of their two most unique and special dishes on any night they are open for business - certainly not at 7 pm.  For $250 for dinner, we should have eaten what we wanted for the menu, and not had to settle for our third choice.  I regret not saying something to the manager at the time, but as it was my birthday, I wanted to love the restaurant and not make it unpleasant, but in retrospect, I feel a bit ripped off.Wonderful meal.  Ordered the dry ages porterhouse and it was .  Service was great, very cozy, they ran out of the steak tartare so I'll be coming back in the next few days.  The bone marrow toast with veal cheek is a deal breaker.From the faux exclusiveness to the entire ambience and feel, this place is perfect.  The food which we ordered was also perfect.  Caesar salad, rib eye, bone in NY strip, creamed corn and creamed spinach.  Nothing left but the one bone!  Great drinks too.  Sat at the bar and loved it.I wish I could give 4.5 stars. 
I LOVE the atmosphere here. It's like a mix between a speakeasy and your Grandmom's living room. A lot more unique than your standard steak house. 
I LOVE how you enter the door.. it's kind of secret, and when you ring the doorbell, a mini opening of the door pops open like it's a secret password. But they ask if you have a reservation before allowing you to enter the door :) makes it feel more exclusive. I dig it. 
The service was impeccable. The food was generally delicious. 
Appetizer: LOVED the beef tartare ($17) and thick cut bacon. Delicious. 
entree: the dry-aged bone-in ribeye ($65) was delicious. The branzino ($30) was also delicious. Cooked perfectly. 
Sides: potato wedge was just OK I should have ordered the mashed potatoes. The creamed spinach I liked but my husband did not, and usually that is his favorite side item. The Shishito peppers were good. Usually I like the side items better than the main dishes at most places but this was not the case here, which kind of bums me out but it goes to show that the main entrées were amazing. 
It's pricy, for two people with two entrées, one appetizer, three sides, and two cocktails each, our bill was $230 without tip. 
I really liked it here but given the price it will be a special occasion only type of dinner! Highly recommended.Service, Ambience , Food ... basically our entire dining experience was top-notch! So happy we chose to have our 20th anniversary dinner at Alpen Rose. From the octopus to the porterhouse to the baked Alaska , everything was on point and exceeded our expectations. Can't wait to dine here again!Good food: bad service. 
This is a quint shake house with really unique decor. The outside does not even have a name it's just a black building with a rose etched in the wall. And you have to knock to come in- pretty cool. I was really excited at first. My boyfriend asked for a light beer recommendation and our waiter gave us something he said was amazing and very similar to a light beer. However once we got the beer it was a dark color and did not taste good. We waited for him to come back but after what was almost 20 mins he didn't. So we waved down another waitress and asked for a different beer. He seemed upset that we did not like his beer recommendation and for the rest of the night he was extremely short with us- never coming to check in on us. Didn't say much when he gave us the check. The food  was pretty good, but for the price, service HAVE to be amazing. We just didn't get that experience tonight. We planned on getting a gift card here as a birthday gift to a friend but did not purchased it because it's not an experience we want to share.Really just ok at this price point. First, wine list was a joke. Average bottle over $100, really? Sever knew nothing about food or wine. Meat was fine,  sides ok. Small but lacked class. Table next to us had two toddlers  falling asleep at 930. I know its Phiily,  but who here can pay these prices? Muzak was 1970s pop. Nothing sophisticated about this place.Came in Tuesday night for a dinner reservation at 8 PM. we arrived a bit early but was still let in and seated. it was a great atmosphere, albeit a bit noisy. i did let the restaurant know that it was my boyfriend's birthday and appreciated that each server that came to our table said happy birthday!
i loved the speakeasy vibe the restaurant had. and the food was incredible. We had the bone marrow toast, two boneless ribeyes, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and the chocolate cake for dessert.
the bone marrow toast was amazing. the rib eyes were cooked perfectly, but i could've used a bit more salt. the mashed potatoes were buttery and creamy, and the creamed spinach was great.
the chocolate cake might have been too heavy a finish for our already heavy meal. we had a few bites and left the rest.
overall it was a great way to treat my boyfriend to a manly steak dinner.Love it, Love it, Love it! Just go! Book a seat at the 4 seat bar, this way you have a ringside seat of all the action. Easily the best steakhouse in the city.Had dinner here last week - the process to enter is weird and oddly pretentious. The space itself is dark - almost impossible to read the menu without using my phone. The server was well versed and on it. We started with salads that were ok - bread was an extra charge which is hilarious considering the entrees were all priced around $45+ and vegetables are a la carte. The steaks were very good - all else just ok. Overall it was a one and done.We were a little disappointed that we waited 40 minutes just to receive our cocktails. BUT the atmosphere is really cool and the food is great. The parker house rolls are a must. They were the best part of our meal.Overall fantastic restaurant, a speakeasy steakhouse - how can you go wrong? Incredible cocktails/wine list and the food was prepared perfectly. Highly recommend the Duck, Boneless Ribeye, and strawberry rhubarb pie. The price point is high but you get a lot of food, top notch service and awesome atmosphere.Great place. I have a new (old) found love for prime rib. It's something I had fairly often as a kid, grew tired of it, and moved on to big boy steaks... BUT this oft-forgotten cut is well worth a revisit not just by me but by society in general. I feel like it's making a come back or at least deserves one. One tip for diners: if you don't feel like getting schmoozed, don't sit at the bar. Bartender really 'hammed' it up which I'm sure a lot of people find endearing - I just like a little more peace while eating / between courses. Now I know for next time.Definitely one of the best dining experiences we've ever had. 
The place / decor - entrance doesn't stand out if you were just passing by. Definitely recommend making reservation, the restaurant is small, 4 bar seats and about a dozen tables, but beautifully decorated with good seating spaces in between. It's intimate and romantic, not unnecessarily fancy. 
Food - good selection of steaks plus some chop, poultry and seafood options. Appetizers were ok, (we had octopus and arugula salad, decent but not outstanding. Entree we had 18oz ribeye and Rohan duck, which was the highlight. The duck was aged (9-12 days if I recall correctly) and has a wonderful aroma to it. Keep in mind that duck is difficult to prepare and it's meat texture is difficult to please dinners so any restaurant offers duck are likely to have highly skilled master chefs in the kitchen.  The ribeye was cooked perfectly. Desert we had strawberry rhubarb - delicious! 
Service - service can make or break the experience despite how good the foods are. 
Jonathan, whom serviced us, was definitely making it an enjoyable experience, paid attention to our needs and made recommendation based on our preferences, warm and attentive! Other staffs were also wonderful :) 
Price - it is expensive but not unreasonable given the quality of service , food ... etc. 
Suggestion - hope to offer smaller cut streaks. As a romantic dining/dating spot, most would probably want smaller cuts, if going for different kinds of main course and share with their loved ones. 
Final score - 4.5 rounded up to 5 because of the wonderful service , thanks to Jonathan and all crewsSince we loved other Schulson restaurants, my husband chose Alpen Rose to celebrate my birthday. He made a reservation and indicated that I was turning 21 (he was trying to be funny; 21 about a decade off). It took us almost an hour to drive into center city from our last celebration location, fighting through traffic on a Wednesday night through pouring rain. Didn't find parking right in front of the restaurant, and had to walk a single block, which is all it took for us to become soaked. Since we were out all day and the weather reports didn't forecast a particularly high chance of rain when we left home early in the morning, we weren't dressed for the rain and arrived to the restaurant soaked and cold but ready to have a great time. 
We ordered two cocktails, two appetizers and the rolls, two entrees/mains, one side, and one dessert. The tuna carpaccio (app) and my boneless ribeye (main) were outstanding. The rolls and prawns were pretty good. My husband ordered a half-duck, which came with a very sweet glaze and was not really suited for our palettes. Potato wedges were cooked well, but not significantly tastier than what you'd find at a good chain restaurant. The house punch was refreshing, while #21 tasted like old-timey medicine. My husband ordered a coconut cream pie for dessert. Not a fan. All in all, we had a decent enough time. 
The reason for my below-stellar rating is because as you can see from other recent reviews, and as we also saw with our own eyes, there's a birthday special. People that have ordered additional desserts have received it, and another table that was also celebrating last night received it (I wished my birthday twin a good night on our way out, while also scoping out the plate her sparkler came on). We didn't. I'm not sure why--we were friendly, appreciative, non-demanding, tipped well, and ordered a decent amount of food for two people. Perhaps it was for the same reason that we were side-eyed like vagabonds, homeless folks, or just plain disgusting "others" by the staff when we walked in soaked and shivering from the rain (I even went to the restroom to make sure that my makeup wasn't running and my shirt wasn't completely see-through, as that look made me question whether I looked like a respectable member of society--I did). It's not like they forgot; the coconut cream pie my husband ordered came with a sparkler and the server told me "happy birthday." 
Perhaps it's petty that I care about being treated equally on my birthday as other people celebrating theirs, but I do. I loved this whole chain. Double Knot is the first restaurant in Philadelphia that my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed after moving here almost a year ago, and where we celebrated our anniversary this year. It's still one of our favorites and we recommend Double Knot, Sampan, and Graffiti Bar to friends and coworkers constantly. When we had a group of some friends visiting the US from Belgium for the first time in June, we took them to a couple of Schulson locations. If they had frequent buyer stamps, we'd have been able to cash in a few of them by now, even if it's not always one of us that makes the reservations directly. Last night, on my birthday, I was disappointed for the first time by a Schulson Collective restaurant. Though I would have loved to go back to Alpen Rose to try their other steak options, our overall experience was just not quite worth feeling ostracized on an otherwise amazing birthday.On what would have been my mom's 80th birthday I celebrated in a library themed restaurant for my librarian mother. Every little detail was stunning, from the glassware to the chandeliers to the plates and on and on. All those little details added to the charm. We sat at the bar and Nathan was incredibly knowledgeable and friendly. Our food was delish, tomahawk Ribeye, spinach & potato wedges. The icing on the cake was that I found a pearl in our very yummy oysters. Yes, a pearl. Definitely made a difficult day a little easier and the pearl from above was like a hug from my mom when I needed it most.We hate giving awesome reviews for small venues because makes it hard for us to get reservations. We have to sing praises of Allen Rose. Our server Christina and her team were first class all the way. Diversity of menu, preparation, presentation, spot on. We made our next reservation before we left parking lot.Warning I had dinner here once I may return and have a different experience if so I will amend my review. 
First of all except for the weird entrance (customers have to ring a doorbell to gain admittance and there is no sign) service was warm and fine. It did have some annoying quirks though. The servers introduce EVERY dish including the sauces, with a rapid fire recapitulation of the ingredients and preparation process. I found this annoying. Do I need to hear about my salad? My vegetable? My steak sauce? The drinks menu is a file drawer (I kid you not) that omits a list of spirits. Each food menu is a series of papers clipped together with very small print-in dim light this is frustrating. It's all very precious.
The space is VERY small so if you are looking for typical steakhouse glamour there is none of that. The bar has so few seats so close together you will be tasting your neighbors cologne. I was grateful when my neighbors decamped. You won't be hanging out here to socialize.
Finally, the food: meh. I have faulted some restaurants for adding sugar to everything. Alpen doesn't have that problem, its chef's "addiction" is vinegar, mouth puckering vinegar. From the overdressed avocado salad to the overcooked tough octopus appetizer to the roasted mushrooms, anything that can be made acidic, is. I actually don't know what made the mushrooms taste that way but they weren't pleasant.
I had the "grass fed filet". It was cooked how I requested it and was very tender. But it was served on a room temperature plate and so arrived to me, room temperature, because it was so small. Maybe I ordered poorly but it really didn't impress me. I think the chef doesn't understand the significance of "grass fed". My server contrasted it with "dry aged". Grass fed beef isn't marbled so its flavor is completely different from graded American beef. Filets aren't marbled to begin with so making the filet your only grass fed option sort of misses the point. Alpen's special feature is an open grill. If I had ordered a fattier cut of beef I might have enjoyed more of the grill's special flavor. That said, there is nothing incompatible between a grill and grass fed beef. The "house made" sauces were extremely vinegary and nothing special, I would have been happier with A1 and Tabasco.
Prices are eye watering and give Barclay Prime a run for its money. My bill came to $125 for one person and I didn't splurge or have wine.
So your call. Luxurious but annoyingly precious service, and painful prices for less than spectacular food. Or I could be wrong.Literally my all time favorite steakhouse. This place puts Barclays, del friscos, butcher and singers, ruths Chris, etc to shame!!! 
Three words: Table side service! Ok, I need two more: Dry Aged!
From the outside, you ring a doorbell to walk in. It's literally like stepping into a 20s prohibition steakhouse and you're the baddest muh fucka in town. I felt like Al Capone's main bitch walking in with my gangster as we sat down with our backs against the bookstacks facing the door. We ordered drinks, which they set on fire. Sickkkk!
Anyways, it was my bf's birthday, so he went a bit wild. We got apps of onion rings, thick cut bacon, side of mushrooms, and beef tongue. The beef tongue was BOMB! My Bf usually doesn't like weird food like that, and he ate almost the entire plate. For our main course, we got the porterhouse ($92) and he also ordered me a bone in ribeye($65). It was so succulent and the meat almost melted in our mouths! I, especially loved their homemade steak sauces! Though it wasn't necessary, it's always a thoughtful touch!  For a steakhouse, it is Extremely reasonable pricing! 
As they were serving the food, I was posting it on the gram, I got OVER 500 views from only 900 followers. #CLOUT Additionally, everyone thought the pics looked so good, I know at least 3 couples that made a reservation the very next day. My BF also has friends high up within the Philadelphia PD. After he told his friends, I'm pretty sure His friends unit of the Philly Police Department booked the place for their holiday party! I almost feel like we should get a free steak for the 50 people that we introduced to the place since we went in September!Came here on Mother's Day weekend. Although it was very busy. Everything came out perfectly cooked. Steak was just the way we wanted. Definitely will be back.I wanted to love this place. We went for a business dinner and there were 8 of us. It's got a speakeasy vibe where you have to ring the doorbell to be let in.   The interior is beautiful, like a secret library. 
The appetizers were wonderful. The bone marrow is absolutely the best and you must get it. So flavorful.  The bacon was also good, although I wish it had been cooked a bit more crisp. 
3 of us decided to split the Tomahawk Ribeye. Seemingly more than enough meat for 3 ladies and ordered it medium rare. They are known for their in house dry aged beef so we were excited to try this. Other members of our party ordered different cuts - filets, prime rib.  When it came out they carved it tableside for us which was really cool. But then, the meat was terrible. I mean not tender, over cooked, dry, no marbling, and tasted burnt on the outside. It just tasted very weird. I cannot describe it because there was actually no flavor at all. It was chewy.  I called our server Dave over. I told him it tasted weird. He was like "what do you mean weird?" I explained the situation. He was apologetic. He left with the meat. And it took like 25 minutes to get a new steak. Our dining mates were done with dinner by that time. There was no trip to the table from the manager, I had to go and find him. It finally arrived. The middle slices were much better - more tender, flavor, everything I expected for ribeye. The outsides were still dry and over cooked. I would never order this again. For $125 piece of meat- the whole thing should be perfection. Melt in your mouth. I was really disappointed with not only our steak, but the lack of empathetic service at this seemingly high end restaurant.  They bought the 2 desserts we ordered to share.  That didn't really make up for it for me. 
The creamed spinach was great though.This place is great - wonderful little old school style steakhouse. 
Ambiance is great - dim lighting with a massive bookcase as the centerpiece at one end of the restaurant. It's a small place that feels like a combination of a fancy first class dining car and a speakeasy in the 30's. 
Food was fantastic - we had the avocado salad (which was incredible. I never knew grilled avocado would taste so good), onion rings, potato wedges, ny strip and grass fed filet. The steaks were very tasty, not the best I've ever had but definitely delicious. 
Waitstaff was knowledgeable and welcoming - they were on top of their game and more than helpful. 
Make sure you have a reservation as you will most likely be turned away at the door if you don't. 
All in all this is a great spot to go for a date or special occasion.Took my mom here for her bday. This isnt a steakhouse, its more of a speak easy and ahould stop calling themselves a steakhouse. Food was excellent, the ambiance was great and so were the drinks.  Cool small little spot with a hidden door in the gayberhood.  Would come back again.Awesome experience at this new(2.5 months at the time of this post) Philly steakhouse. I'm sure soon to be very popular and hard to get reservations for. I love the 'speakeasy' type theme of this restaurant. There is no storefront branding outside, which can make finding Alpen Rose a bit of a challenge, but that's also part of the allure. Just a very nondescript wooden door with a single roseembellished on the outside. Very intimate and classy inside. The food was very good and the service was amazing. Jonathan was very knowledgable and attentive and took great care of us as we were there to celebrate my father's birthday. Great for celebrations. Great for dates. I will be returning and highly recommend this place.First the good.  Service was excellent.  The setting is fantastic.  Small and intimate yet friendly and comfortable.   The food preparation was great.  Now the downside.  We had reservations for 615.  We were told that they were already out of beef Wellington.  The waiter told us the specials.  2 minutes later he came back and reported they were all out of the specials. They don't even open till 5 and the place holds 40 people tops!
When asked if they could make a smoked bourbon cocktail that they serve at double knot next door the waiter came back and said "higher ups said no".   Overall very nice but needs to get the act together.I was not impressed by the food at this restaurant.  I love all of the other restaurant he owns, but I felt for this price, the food was way below expectation.  Shrimp was lacking flavor and steak was chewy and lacking that savory taste.  It is hard to compare to places like Barclay Prime in this city.  Otherwise, ambiance is great.  Would go back for a cocktail.This is the most pretentious restaurant I've been to anywhere in the world. The food was good enough, but the entire concept is ridiculous. First you have to ring a doorbell. Then a panel in the door opens, and a host waits for you to speak. If you have a reservation they open the door and usher you in. If not, they close the panel while they determine if they can accommodate you. 
Once inside, the decor signals the concept: a version of an old-fashioned men's club: all dark wood, tufted (pleather) banquettes, dim lighting. The servers are polite to the point of obsequiousness, and the descriptions of the menu items range from useful to totally unnecessary. Did I need to know the swordfish was harpoon caught? 
In a true fine-dining restaurant, the music- if any - is soft, and no plates are removed from the table while anyone still is eating. Not so at Alpen Rose. The next time I'm in Philadelphia, I'd rather get a sandwich at Wawa than spend my money at Alpen Rose.This was disappointing - I was excited to score a last minute weekend reservation thinking that I got lucky. I love Double Knot and so was excited about this opening. 
Called ahead to ask about parking and was told that it would be validated at the lot down the street. Glad to not have to worry about parking, I decided to drive in. 
Waitress was great, no complaints there. Enjoyed the bone marrow app. They were out of some other apps as well, which probably shouldn't happen?
The Porterhouse was disappointing, as some other reviews noted, it definitely required sauce for flavor. Some stringy / tough pieces, which would not be a big deal except at this pricing, you'd expect the best. Would have preferred Peter Luger and Del Frisco's by far.
The generally underwhelming experience was even more frustrating when I went to pick up our car. By validating, Alpen Rose means they get a discount on the parking, which during weekends meant only $3 off a peak rate. Had I known, I probably would have gone somewhere else or at least taken an Uber.Fun for a date. The door is only marked with only a rose, and the host opens a small door to check you out before opening the door. Well decorated, comfortable seating, the sound level not too loud. Food was excellent, bone marrow the star. Drinks excellent, a crack bar staff.You could easily walk by the entrance.  There door is marked only by a rose placard. You ring a doorbell and they open a little head door and they ask if you have a reservation. Luckily we did (for the bar seats). 
The bar tender was incredibly knowledgeable.  They have a menu of drinks (identified by numbers) but the bar tender is also very capable of creating drinks that fit individual palates. 
The food was also delicious. We split a bunch of the apps and veggies. 
 The rolls which we ordered at the end, were amazing, definitely my favorite. We got half sea salt half everything and worth every calories.  
I will definitely be back to try more of the drinks and food!Immaculate dining space like you can expect from any of Schulson's restaurants. Service was very attentive. We didn't get crazy with some of the more expensive stuff but everything we had was great. The filet mignon was incredible, (1 was overdone from what was asked) but they promptly brought out another. The NY Strip was just as good. The sides were all delicious, we had the grilled asparagus, a well thought out avocado salad, & mashed potatoes. They are small portions to make sure the meat is the star of the show. The only thing I found lackluster was the Swordfish, it was a big piece but very thin. Just a matter of preference but I like when swordfish is thick & juicy to make it emulate a steak. Pretty stellar drink program that's heavy on the whiskey cocktails to pair with your choice of seafood or meats. I had the No. 21 & the No. 15, riffs on an old fashioned & a Manhattan with deep complexity & dangerously smooth. Overall great experience, cozy space, & delectable food. A few more trips could move me to a 5 star review.Expected a five star experience and was underwhelmed.   Lighting was designed to be a "speak easy" with the smell of charcoal wafting through the restuarant, and instead, the food was average, the atmosphere was underwhelming, and the experience with the staff, was just average.  
We only wished it lived up to its hype.I love the exclusivity this restaurant exudes. It was a perfect dinner for our last night in philly. You wouldn't even know it was there except for the little winter threshold door outside. We were treated incredibly well and everyone was very kind. The food was absolutely fantastic! I ordered prime rib and my partner ordered veal. We had the creamed spinach, cauliflower steak and mashed potatoes of which all were exquisite. Two martinis equally so. We sat at the bar and the female bartender was very friendly and we welcomed conversation. I would love to come again on my next visit!Went there Friday March 29 as they recently opened on March 27 and from the outside there is no signage only a black canopy, the number 116 and a small rose.  Small sits only 40 people and gives you that cozy feeling that yeah this is going to be good. We were seated promptly for our 5:15 reservation and from there it became a night my wife and myself will not forget. I started with the #76 cocktail that was sweet with a hint of lemon.  We had the smoked bacon as an appetizer that was sweet, spicy and wonderful.  My wife had the dry aged beef rib eye and I had the dry aged NY strip boneless with onion rings and mashed potatoes. Neither of us needed a knife to cut through the steaks and they just melted in your mouth. It was the best steaks we have had in a long time and we have been to many famous steaks places in Philly and other areas. Our server Laura was fantastic, cheerful and had a great beer recommendation for my steak. The general manager Toby stopped by to check in on us. For desert we had the strawberry rhubarb pie which was also fantastic. Toby finished off our meal with a small plate of almonds, chocolate bar and piece of fruit. You will not go wrong by eating there and next time we will try the beef wellington. Forgot to mention each place setting had a different type of plate design and different serving glasses for water that made the whole dining experience even more amazing. Truly an amazing dinning experience with my beautiful wife!I felt this new trendy spot missed the mark a bit. When we went we could only get reservations at the bar. Understandable it's small, we didn't book far enough in advance. Upon check in we let the hostess know we'd like to be moved to a table if one were to open (the bar is not where you want to sit in this place). It turns out a table did open up, but the hostess gave it to another couple sitting at the bar who had gotten there a half hour after us. Very disappointing. Tried two of the signature cocktails and would not order either again. As for the food, absolutely nothing fantastic about it. I ordered the stuffed lobster and would definitely recommend against it. The flavor of the stuffing was Terrible. My husband naturally got a steak, and was very unimpressed. We felt we could have made it at home better. Give this place a try but quell your expectations.What a wonderful hidden gem. This is one of the best steak houses we've been to the service is excellent a great place for a date night or meeting friends. Can't wait to go back again soonGreat service! Impeccable! The passion when explaining the Steakhouse & it's history was so nice to hear! Thorough explanation of everything on the menu! The drink were fantastic & food was even better!! Beef Wellington was delicious! Also the avocado salad was light & fresh. Highly recommend this restaurant!This may be my new favorite steak restaurant in Philly! My husband and I both got the bone-in aged ribeye. My steak was a fattier cut. I love steak with good marbling so I was definitely a happy camper that night. The knife literally went through the steak like butter! We also had their mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and mushrooms. The mashed potatoes were so incredibly creamy and amazing, the spinach is unlike the kind I'm used to (it still had a bite to it and not mushy like other restaurants and not as creamy), and the mushrooms had a tartness that helped cut the grease which I appreciated. The only thing is, I wished they served our steaks with more roasted garlic and pickled onions! We ended up flagging the waitress down for more mid-meal because it was such a magical pairing. Sadly, I did not have room for dessert. Maybe next time?Had a wonderful dinner with friends last night at one of Philadelphia's newest restaurants. The entire experience was amazing. You entering with a ring of the door bell then greeted at the speak easy window cut in the door in which you are greeted and asked your name for you reservation. Then you are seat in an elegant and intimate dark rich wood line room with only eleven tables. There is also a small four seat bar. John our waiter was professional and very informative with the menu and drinks and alway attentive. The food was over the top with incredible flavors and depth. The three of us splurged with oysters, bone marrow toast, prawns and bacon apps paired with a glass of Champagne. Entrées we split two aged dried prime rib ribeye steaks, with sides of Cauliflower, broccoli and cream spinach. All was Absolutely perfect to make it a memorable evening.Celebrated my birthday here a few days ago. I loved everything about this place. Cozy and intimate.  We started with the bone marrow which came with 4 toast points with beef cheeks piled on top. This was my favorite dish of the night,everything was great though. We shared the beefwellington. Came out cooked a perfect med rare with a flakey,crispy,buttery pastry wrapped around an 18oz.filet. Three could have shared the wellington. We also had steak tar tar the parker rolls and a few different sides. Try and save room for dessert. So many baked Alaskas had come out the whole place smelled of carmilzed sugary goodness. I'm a choclate fan and there choclate devils food cake with chocolate ganache layers was out of this world. So rich and delicious.  It came with a scoop of mint ice cream,no chips in the ice cream just straight mint with cookie crumbs underneath,it was choclate crunch from ice cream cake. I cant wait to go again. Dont hold off book a reservation now,you want regret it.LOVED this sexy little restaurant. The details, the well-crafted cocktails, the ambiance... the FOOD! Not good for groups because it's super small, and you can easily walk right past the door, but it's a must try.Amazing meal here. One of the best restaurants I've been to and the service matched the quality of the food. The ambiance is impressive. Our waiter was very attentive and funny without being overbearing. Would recommend for special occasions or trying to impress. We got the beef Wellington, bone marrow toast, potatoes, and spinach - all fantasticI had really high hopes for this restaurant. The atmosphere was amazing, the decor is on point in terms of the details and coziness of the restaurant. We got the Tuna Carpaccio for our appetizer, it was fresh and nicely seasoned, we could have had a few extra homemade potato chips on our plate since they were super tasty. Our main dish was the $125, 45oz Tomahawk Steak! We were waiting for this, we wanted this, we were disappointed by this. It was mainly fat, to the point we were disgusted and put all of the fat back onto the serving platter, over half of it was fat, you could tell that there was no "nice marbling" on this thing and both ends were just fat, to the point where I couldn't cut it with the knife I had. The parts of the steak that were edible were delicious, it was cooked to perfect temperature and had a nice crust on the out side, it left us wanting the fat to be edible steak. The mashed potatoes were okay, they were overly salted. The banana cream pie we had at the end was fresh and overall a decent dessert. The wine and cocktail list was also very nice and gave you a lot of price point options. I'm not sure if we would go back or not, if we did we definitely would not get the Tomahawk again.Fantastic in every way! This is an elevated version of a steakhouse because it's intimate and elegant, yet comfortable and friendly. We thoroughly enjoyed the food and craft cockails -- and the service was exceptional. My husband loved the steak, and my absolute favorite was the branzino -- it was the first time I've ever had it served butterflied (deboned) and it was delicious. We weren't planning to have dessert...but  the Baked Alaska was wonderful. NOTE: Keep in mind this restaurant​ is very "under the radar" and you need to ring the doorbell for entry.Amazing ambience, food and service. They hostess and folks working there were so helpful and considerate knowing we had an infant. They really made the experience worth it!  Will hope to go back again sometime soon. The drinks were also very good, highly recommend getting reservations and going here.There are so many wonderful things to say about Alpine Rose. The decor and ambiance is stylish and cool. The staff is amazing and friend. The bartender is a master with the drinks. Then they serve you the most delicious meal. I loved it so much that I schedule a reservation the day after my first visit.This restaurant is pretty cool and fellas if you are looking to impress your lady then this is a must try.  Amongst a crowded restaurant scene in center city it kinda makes you feel like you're in your own world.  I ended up only being able to get a seat at the bar for reservations but it was still fine.  The food was pretty good.  You are going to be up there in terms of cost but the quality and ambiance is what you are paying for and it's worth it.Delicious. Everything we ate tasted wonderful! Loved the stuffed lobster tail! The creamed corn reminded us of creamed corn from Linden Court from the poconos from years gone by. The baked alaska was a traditionally fun fire presentation for dessert. Order the Parker rolls (we rolled with the sea salt version) 4 to a serving and not to be missed!  Everything we ordered was cooked to perfection. The decor was sophisticated and intimate. Loved the 4 seat bar,  chandeliers and bookcase as a backdrop. Service was efficient and personable. They aimed to please. Cocktails were inventive.  We will definitely be back again! Great for a romantic date night! The only suggestion was that the veal tongue appetizer should say veal tongue not listed as beef tongue on the menu as it could otherwise be thought of and wrongly assumed to be cow tongue unless the customer is told otherwise.We loved everything about our dining experience at Alpen Rose!  Ringing the doorbell to have a small door open with the hostess greeting you was a fun introduction.  When we walked in, it felt like we were at a speakeasy or a large dining area in someone's elegant home.  I loved the decor all the way down to the lovely plates and glasses.  Our waitress was welcoming and prompt.  And then came the best part....
I ordered the No. 76 and my husband ordered a Manhattan -- both were fantastic after a busy workday.  I enjoyed being able to see the steaks being cooked over the fire and the bartender prepare drinks with surgical precision while we waited for our food to arrive.  We ordered the smoked bacon which was perfectly cooked and flavorful, and the bone marrow toast which was heavenly.  We split the Tomahawk which has so good my husband carved as much meat off the bone as he possibly could.  For a second I thought he'd pick it up and gnaw on it!  I loved the way the potato wedges were presented.  They were crispy and complemented the steak nicely.  They also had a very good but not overwhelming selection of wine -- mine was a cozy Cabernet Franc. 
We finished off by sharing a coconut cream pie, oh my goodness it was so good.  I can't think of one negative about this place, we had such a nice time.  Well done Chef!  Next time we're bringing some friends.I made reservations for my husband's birthday dinner at 5 PM on a Saturday. We were seated immediately and service we prompt and friendly. There are multiple wait staff fluttering around and all seem to be available to any table, so there really wasn't much wait time for any request. Our "main" server gave us a rundown of the steakhouse and specialties. He acknowledged my husband's birthday and promptly took drink orders. 
The cocktails were unique and delicious. My husband had No. 3, which was like a tequila sweet tea. I had No. 76. I liked it, however it found it to be too sweet. 
For an appetizer, we had the bone marrow toast. I was looking forward to this, however I was underwhelmed by it. It was weirdly sweet and not as good as the reviews or our server hyped it to be. A table next to us had the bacon, which looked delicious. My husband has already decided he wants that next time.
For the entree, we ordered the porterhouse with potato wedges and onion rings. The porterhouse came out and a server carved it in front of us. My husband and I were in agreement that the dry aged porterhouse was the best steak we have ever eaten. The house made steak sauce and chili sauce weren't needed at all for the steak. The sauces took away from the flavor of the porterhouse. We did use the sauces for the sides. The chili sauce was definitely my favorite of the two. The sides were a great compliment to the meal. The onion rings were light, almost like a tempura batter.
For dessert, my husband chose the baked Alaska. This came out with a sparkler for his birthday and the plate was set ablaze. The baked Alaska was enough for both of us to share. It was a citrus flavor and was a refreshing end to the meal. There were also little macaroons and other goodies brought out to end the meal. 
Overall, this is a well oiled dining experience. I did not feel rushed, but the staff really do work efficiently to clear tables between courses and keep your food coming. There was plenty of food to feel satisfied yet not uncomfortably full. It was a fun experience and something my husband would like to do for his birthday again.$$$$$$$$%%$ and you service is gruff?????? no thanks if i go to any place and thay are "gruff" i dont go back and usally tip accordinglyThis is weird because I don't think I have ever given a negative review, and if I were just rating the food, it would have easily been 5 stars.  We had the Octopus, Short Rib (special), and Ribeye.  Each of them were excellent.  Unfortunately, we had a negative experience with our service.  Kind of hard to describe, but there was just this feeling of pretentiousness and apathy that I would not associate with such a beautiful, high-end, restaurant. 
Hopefully, we just caught someone on an off night, and our experience is not an accurate representation of that of everyone else.This restaurant is beyond words. Amazing and fabulous do not begin to describe the experience and dishes. From the moment they open the door you know you are going to have an experience like no other. The restaurant is so intimate and cozy but you do not feel that you are packed in or on top of people. The bone marrow toast is beyond words it is so fabulous. The veal melts in your mouth and the marrow adds a rich but sometimes sweet element. The Branzino was so tender but had a delicious crispy skin. The baked Alaska dessert was as delicious as it was mesmerizing. The lemon element in there is fabulous with the chewy meringue. 
Our waiter Jonathan was outstanding!!! He was so knowledgeable and answered all our questions. He explained the menu so well so that we got the best experience possible.A truly amazing experience and one that I high recommend.  An excellent date night, double date spot, or a guys night out place.
Let me stress that you'll need a reservation.  We arrived early and figured we'd just sit at the bar. There are only four bar seats and they also require reservation. Luckily, they escorted us to Double Knot, via a cool maybe secret connector, to relax while we waited. That also allows me to begin describing the great service, as they found us at Double Knot to escort us back once the remainder our party arrived and our table was ready! 
Even with a starting drink at Double Knot, I still recommend grabbing one.  We started with the No. 21 (similar to an old fashioned) and a No. 15.  I preferred my 21 but believe both did the trick nicely.
We split a handful of apps including the Octopus, Bone Marrow Toast, and Beef Tongue.  The beef tongue was far and away the winner.  Man, I wish they could throw it on rye and make a sandwich (as it would be the best sandwich of my life). The octopus was good but felt it might have been a bit light on octopus.  The bone marrow toast was also excellent.  Sliced for the number at the table, the toast had plenty of beef to support the bone filled with marrow for the scooping.  I've had bone marrow before and think the addition of the beef cheek really stood out.
For the table, we split the 45 oz Tomahawk and ordered a few veggies (broccoli and creamed corn) to round out the meal.  The tomahawk is cooked to order, with chef's advice provided, and cut for you at the table.  It comes with roasted garlic and I advise asking for extra immediately.  The tomahawk was everything we thought it would be.  The veggies were decent, but no matter how I described the creamed corn, you wouldn't be coming here for it alone.  Bring friends, get the Tomahawk.
I'll close by saying the location is a great, intimate setting.  Seating is limited.  Service is fabulous.  You'll feel well taken care of while having plenty of room to talk.  I felt like we were the only people there (both when we needed the service and when we wanted our space). I'll be booking for a return soon enough.When it's mid-summer and the thermometer is popping at 99 degrees and heat indexes at triple digits are causing excessive heat advisories across the city, the first place you want to take refuge is the four top table next to the fireplace in the cramped 40 seat Alpen Rose.  The restaurant doesn't have a bar, so if your table isn't ready (as our's wasn't) at the time of your reservation you're escorted to the Double Knot next door to wait for the table to flip.  As equally stifling as the temperature was in there, at least there wasn't a fireplace metaphorically burning as a constant reminder of the blistering weather.  People tend to move slower when the humidity and temps are elevated, and boy was that true for last evening at this restaurant.  After buying a drink at Double Knot we perspired through the 45 minute wait to finally be summoned to our fire-lit table in the sweltering restaurant.  A beef-tartare was comped as an apology, which was tasty.  The service then slowed to a snail's pace, even with dining room only half full.  Drinks were slow, food was slow, and we finally were served about an hour and 45 minutes after our original reservation.  The sides were very average for the prices, although the cauliflower was good.  I've had steaks all over the world, and I couldn't differentiate this dry aged strip steak from something I've had at Longhorn or Outback.  At over $50 I expected a bit more than a fatty slab of tasteless red meat.  The sauces, an imitation of those of a famous steakhouse in Brooklyn actually added some decent flavor.  But, they mixed my preferred temperature with the husband's of the other couple we were dining with.  So, it came out medium rare instead of medium well; ironically a very good analogy for this restaurant- under-done.Great place! Highly recommend. Hostess, manager, waiter were all helpful and knowledgable. I advise you to listen to what the waiter recommends because they know their stuff. This is the only place that dry ages their steaks on site so you can't get this experience anywhere else in Philadelphia. Try to go for a cut that is soft and another cut that is more flavorful. We had the filet mignon and the ribeye combo and it was really good with the mushrooms. To end the night we had the strawberry rhubarb pie which was both tangy and sweet. We've been to most if not all of the major steak places in Philadelphia and there's something about this place that is very intimate in the way they prepare their dishes that makes it stand out above the others.Visited Alpen rose last weekend for a small gathering of 5 for my sisters birthday. Both my dad and Mom had the prime rib which was fatty and tough.  They both had to request extra  horseradish because only a limited bit grated on top. My ribeye was extemely fatty and burnt. My best description would be pittsburgh medium rare. The char taste was overpowering. The steak was dry, no sauce to accompany just sautéed garlic..  I like garlic, but not the way this is presented and not the usual way in which a steak is both presented and prepared (note all photos which have the garlic with steak). Ambiance is nice, dark and intimate. This style fits very well for a schulson restaurants which I'm finding have style and lacking substance.  Best thing from the night was the banana cream pie. Good work from the pastry chef.  Way better steak houses in the city than to visit this one.We absolutely loved this restaurant.  Everything from the food & drink menu options to the overall design and exceptional service.  Not really sure why we didn't try it sooner.  This place books up fast so make sure you get reservations in well in advance.  It's worth the wait!This place is absolutely out of this world. It's hard to find on the street because of the vestibule, but I enjoyed that it was secluded and that you had to talk to a host through a peep hole in the door. The decor is phenomenal but the food is unbelievably delicious. Christina was our server and she was extremely efficient, kind, and friendly. My boyfriend and I were so full when we were done but did not regret a single bite. I will never forget my experience at Alpen Rose.We ordered the Prime Rib and and PorterHouse. The steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare), however the cut was not good. The porterhouse was chewy and the prime rib lacked flavor. The au jus was salty and tasteless. We ordered the broccoli and mushroom sides. The mushroom lacked flavor and was nothing special. 
We also ordered the bone marrow and octopus. I thought they were both good but nothing that was an experience we had to come back for again. 
Overall this place was a disappointment and did not live up to the hype. 
Sorry but you just have to do better at this price point.So let me first say I read a lot of reviews and spoke to a couple friends who dined here and here it is.... it's was so AMAZING... the characteristics of the restaurant to charm of staff are top notch. Our waiter explained it all was supportive of food choice recommendations were given where needed. It was a celebration but my party and I can't wait to go back. Here's what we ate Bone Marrow Toast, Prawns, and Parker house rolls to start. All starters were phenomenal but the Bone Marrow Toast is a true gem. For the mains we did Bone In Ribeye which was marbles and finished to perfection I don't think I've had a better piece of meat. Because I came for the steak the sides were to be expected. It is a dining experience not for the faint of heart. And for dessert the chocolate cake and the baked Alaska are stars in their own way. It is worth every penny and I amawe in all of this place and can't wait to go back.Came here for a bite to eat with my boyfriend and his friend. Service was amazing! We ordered some cocktails which were made to perfection. The filet was perfectly cooked. They enjoyed their T-bone steak. The bread however, which is under "hot appetizers" was probably the best part of my night. Defiantly worth it!Having lived in Philadelphia for the better part of a decade, I've spent my time and money feasting in this city. A byproduct of this is that people are always asking for restaurant recommendations. I always had answers for everything, except for this one question:
"What's the best steakhouse in Philadelphia?" 
To which I'd reply, "Go to Vernick and get the bone-in strip loin."
There was no "best steakhouse" because they were, and still are all ambiance factories. The steaks were good at best. But at 50+ a plate, the quality isn't there.
Enter Alpen Rose. Meats from Pat LaFrieda, butchered and dry-aged in house (key), and cooked in their wood-burning hearth. Pair this with , excellent non-steak menu items (looking at you Bone Marrow Toast), A+ cocktails, and a staff that is incredibly passionate, knowledgeable, and personable - what's not to like? This might be my favorite restaurant to eat meat at in the country aside from PL's in BK.
You should already be here.As a guest of Philly not knowing where to we asked for a good tip for a steakhouse at a near bar. Cutting a long story short, Alpen Rose is one of my top five restaurants ever. Not only from being hard to find, but the small shutter on the door opening when ringing the door bell. Service was exceptional, and the food, Mon Dieu, wow. Meat was perfect and precisely as asked for. 
Venue is small (40-50 pers) so make a reservation beforehand.Came here a couple of days ago for a special event.  It is an unassuming place from the outside, and as my dining partner put it, you have to knock on the door so they can open a harry potter like window, confirm that you have a reservation and then they open the door.  All of this was done very quickly and efficiently.
The inside kind of looks like the hull of a ship, lots of wood, and there are books everywhere. Also, it's pretty small and intimate, maybe 50 seats total.  You can also see the giant grill where they grill all the delicious meat!  
Onto the food, we got the bone marrow toast and octopus as an appetizer.  Although the bone marrow toast was good, I don't know if I would get it again, but it is fun to scrape the marrow out and put it on the toast.  The octopus with frisee salad and small potatoes was amazing, I think octopus is one of the hardest things to cook and they did an awesome job, it was just tender enough with a nice char.  My only gripe, I wanted more!
For our entree! We got the tomahawk steak! This bad boy came out and had the neighboring table asking questions.  The steak was charred beautifully and was super buttery, and yes, it is enough for two people, but not more than that. It also came with some delicious melt in your mouth garlic. We got the onion rings and mashed potatoes as sides, loved the mashed potatoes, I wouldn't order the onion rings again. Although they were very pretty to look at, they were lacking a little bit in flavor.
We didn't order dessert because we were full, but they did give us some complimentary petit fours type things, one of them was a caramel macaron, I would buy that shit in a 12 pack if I could.I would  like to caveat this review by saying that our waitress was phenomenal. Our reservation was at 9:00 - when we arrived, we were informed our table was just finishing their dessert, and were asked to go next door to Double Knot to wait at the bar. This was not a problem, as the drinks there are good. We were not able to be seated until 9:30. Not that much of a big deal - it is a Friday night, so morale was good. We were greeted fairly quick by the waitress (who was phenomenal) who took our drink order. The drinks did not come out until around 10:00 (1 hour past reservation). We did not have anything on our table aside from the water, from 9:30-10:00. At 10:00, our drinks finally arrived, along with a complimentary appetizer for the long wait. The plate was glorified roast beef lunch meat, which, though delicious, was not a suitable make up for the hour delay. When our food came out, the filet was neither the right temperature nor the right cut. The best I could describe it would be a cheap cut of pot roast that you would cook in a crock pot all day long to be edible. When questioned, the waitress promptly requested replacement, and informed us that it was the end cut. This would not be as much of an issue if we were not paying $50 for the meat. Even after these noted issues, we were not greeted or approached by a manager, or even anyone pretending to be a manager. This was highly surprising. Most established restaurants would make it a point to speak to a table when they experience an issue. The meal was quite tasty, ambiance impressive, and waitress attentive, but for the cost, it was not quite worth it. We could be more satisfied with a meal at Del Frisco's or Capital Grille. If this restaurant wants to last, it will have to take a hard look at current practices.Excellent Ribeye with bone! Ambiance is stunning and make sure to make reservations since this place is small. I definitely enjoyed my mealWent here for dinner on Wednesday night (I think that's the first night they were open?)  Great dining experience overall.  I had the 18 oz boneless ribeye and it was delicious - definitely one of the best I've had in the city (and I've been to all of the top tier steakhouses.)  My wife had the filet mignon which was also very good.  Cocktails were excellent as well.  We'll definitely be coming back.Loved the speak easy vibe, had seats @ the bar. Nathan was working tonight, he was excellent, answered any questions we had and was just as amazed as we were when we found a pearl
In our oysters. Reservations only so the people in the restaurant want to be there and are not just hanging out. My wife and I had the tomahawk, potato wedges and creamed spinach. It was perfect and the in house chili sauce was awesome as well. We will definitely be backI don't normally write reviews, but since this place is new I'll give it a go. A really good experience all around. The space was very nice. It's small, and classy without feeling pretentious. Its a very cozy room. Dan the bartender was one of the best bartenders I have ever had. He was very knowledgeable and personable, and seemed to really want to know the menu, to provide good recommendations to the customer. The cocktails were very good, and the White Russian I had in lieu of dessert... the best I have ever had. The steak was very good, and prepared perfectly. I am not normally one to use sauces, but the fermented chili sauce was the secret MVP here. It had a nice flavor, and wasn't too hot. It has a nice gentle heat. Try it with the turnip greens. I'm not normally one for steakhouses, but if you do want to go to a steakhouse and have a great experience, it's hard to top this one.I made reservations for my husband's birthday dinner at 5 PM on a Saturday. We were seated immediately and service we prompt and friendly. There are multiple wait staff fluttering around and all seem to be available to any table, so there really wasn't much wait time for any request. Our "main" server gave us a rundown of the steakhouse and specialties. He acknowledged my husband's birthday and promptly took drink orders. 
The cocktails were unique and delicious. My husband had No. 3, which was like a tequila sweet tea. I had No. 76. I liked it, however it found it to be too sweet. 
For an appetizer, we had the bone marrow toast. I was looking forward to this, however I was underwhelmed by it. It wasn't weirdly sweet and not as good as the reviews or our server hyped it to be. A table next to us had the bacon, which looked delicious. My husband has already decided he wants that next time.
For the entree, we ordered the porterhouse with potato wedges and onion rings. The porterhouse came out and a server carved it in front of us. My husband and I were in agreement that the dry aged porterhouse was the best steak we have ever eaten. The house made steak sauce and chili sauce weren't needed at all for the steak. The sauces took away from the flavor of the porterhouse. We did use the sauces for the sides. The chili sauce was definitely my favorite of the two. The sides were a great compliment to the meal. The onion rings were light, almost like a tempura batter.
For dessert, my husband chose the baked Alaska. This came out with a sparkler for his birthday and the plate was set ablaze. The baked Alaska was enough for both of us to share. It was a citrus flavor and was a refreshing end to the meal. There were also little macaroons and other goodies brought out to end the meal. 
Overall, this is a well oiled dining experience. I did not feel rushed, but the staff really do work efficiently to clear tables between courses and keep your food coming. There was plenty of food to feel satisfied yet not uncomfortably full. It was a fun experience and something my husband would like to do for his birthday again.Definitely will be coming back.   Make sure to make reservation!. Dont knock at the door, right the door bell. The hostess will open a small part of the door to greet you.  the place is small but has awesome decor.   I went for my birthday and everything was just perfect.  Food and cocktails are amazing, service is great too.  It's expensive but worth it.Outstanding dinner, exceptional service overall completely top notch! Steaks well prepared to perfect temperature along with perfectly portioned side dishes.  Would definitely return.My husband and I were incredibly excited to take a night away from our young baby to have a birthday celebration at this trendy steakhouse! The inside of the restaurant is extremely intimate and has a wall with books to make it look like a library. The chandeliers are gorgeous and a small bar with just 4 stools in the back makes you feel like you've stepped back in time and are dining at an old speakeasy. So cool! We both ordered the filet mignon which was delicious and had incredible flavor! We ordered the broccoli and potato wedges to share which were both just OK. Also was disappointed when they didn't offer a bread basket and only learned afterward that you can buy a bread basket for extra. Seems kind of silly for a 5-star steakhouse. Lastly we shared the baked Alaska which is such a fun dessert since they live the meringue on fire at your table! Service was top notch from the time we walked in the door, to our attentive and sweet waitress. If you're looking for a special celebration spot look no further this spot is truly something unique!Seated us immediately even though we went on a night that was marketed as reservation only.  Hardwood from floor to ceiling and the intimate layout makes you feel like you're stepping into a dining room on a fancy ship.  Small details make the experience memorable.  Will be back.Alpen Rose is fantastic. The food is amazing and the service is top notch. It's certainly not the cheapest place in town but we'll worth the spend to have such a delicious meal and experienceI was so excited to try this restaurant! I made a reservation a week and a half in advance for my husbands birthday. Honestly, the food was good, nothing more than that. We ordered the bone marrow app, both had a medium rare ribeye and split mac and cheese and the rosti potato. I guess I maybe had high expectations with the prices, but the food was not worth the price, in my opinion. The steak was good, but definitely not worth $68. The drinks were great too. My husband had a #76 and it was very refreshing. I guess overall I'm just disappointed about the prices vs the quality of the food.It would be five stars if solely based on the interior, dishware, and service. The food was a mixed bag, but the entrees and dessert were better than the appetizers. We found the oysters and steak tartare unmemorable, and our bone marrow toast came with little to spread on the bread. The special kumquat pop tart was a nice surprise though. The Beef Wellington and ribeye were also much more satisfying, and the baked Alaska is a must get.The whole experience was a joy! From the moment we ring the bell (my fave part. Almost like a secret location/restaurant. It gives me invite only vibes) to the end was an amazing experience. The restaurant is very intimate. Ideal for the perfect date night or anniversary. The food OMG is spectacular. We had a few things and everything came out hot, fresh & tasteful. My Ribeye steak was cooked to perfection. Our waiter(s) were on point with everything from refills to seeing if we needed anything without being overwhelming. My hands and have the team an additional tip I'm additional to what I left on tab because the experience was just that great! Can't wait to do it again!!!came here for my boyfriend's 30th birthday dinner and had a great steak dinner.
my big tip about eating here is to focus on the steak, don't fill up on too much other dishes because they're pretty average unfortunately
oysters - these weren't meaty as they were described and pretty below average. not worth it
bone marrow toast - this was tasty, but not enough bone marrow filling to toast ratio in my opinion. 
octopus - the octopus was overcooked, chewier than i like it. the rest of the dish was just greens and potatoes that were pretty average. 
mashed potatoes - a little bit on the saltier side 
broccoli w/ anchovy cream - this was dynamite. definitely a must side
i got the boneless rib eye medium rare and it was seasoned and cooked perfectly. the house sauces, i was also a fan of. the steak was flawless.
overall, when you come here focus on the dry aged steaks and don't fill up like i did on the other dishes.