Still remains one of my favorite restaurants in Philly!  Always fresh, tasty, clean, and friendly.  I've been coming here for decades and have ALWAYS had great meals!Everything always tastes like it comes straight from the farm - really super fresh and simple.
Sit in the back enclosed area with the skylight in the summertime - very sweet.
I always order the hummus, which is so good... the greek salad is great and the lentil soup is fabulous too - the labni is a nice treat on a hot day.
it's super cheap and good.I've been dining at Alyan's for nearly 20 years, and have never had a bad meal!  The food is always fresh and delicious. I love the falafel and hummus platter (and sandwich)!  The lentil soup, zucchini sandwich, and fries are also very yummy!!   Service is quick and staff are friendly.This has consistently been one of the best Mediterranean spots in Philly for years! Always amazing food, great service and a family feel. Hommus is the best, I order it for take out all the time.The french fries were the best part of the meal - crispy, but not dry.  I would have liked a little more seasoning and heat, but overall, they were tasty.  The hummus had more garlic than I normally like (and I like a lot of garlic!).  The pita bread was disappointingly dry and thin, and it split easily when we were eating our sandwiches.  My shawarma lamb/turkey meat was also not very moist or flavorful.
The back room with a see-through ceiling and hanging plants is charming.  The staff was friendly, although a little slow (it appeared that there was only one server for the place).I first went here in 2003 when I lived in Queen Village for a year!  My husband, at the time, was Moroccan and he found this place very authentic and we are their a lot!  I just moved back to Society Hill this spring and I started going here again!  I love this place - grape leaves, kabobs, hummus and olives and feta is my favorite!  Also the babaganosh (sp?) is excellent!  Eat in or take out no difference!  I think they've been there 35+ years!Decent sized menu and tasty authentic (or what i would think is authentic) food and good prices. I had the delish combo meal with the spinach pie and my boyfriend had something that sounded like the work kitty. they also put a nice salsa type salad and hummus on the combo meal plate. With a side of falafel and feta cheese....we were set. The food is GREAT and has good spice use (we even got a side of homemade green hot sauce which was VERY hot). Downfall, the place is def a hole in the wall. not the cleanest spot in town, but i'm not a princess....so it worked for me!Alyans restaurant never disappoints. It is the go-to spot for great Egyptian favorites.I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. I've been coming here for years. I think I just presumed I'd already reviewed it (go me).
Anyway, let's talk about Alyan's.
From the outside, it's divey. Hell, inside it's also divey. Sit in the back, with the plastic "greenhouse" ceiling and the 30-year-old air conditioner. Enjoy the ambiance: dangling house plants, a few dusty wall hangings, and plastic table tops (over tablecloths).
Start out with some mint tea, hot or cold (if cold, get the pitcher and ask them to go easy on the ice).
Get the Middle Eastern Combo for your appetizer, which lets you nosh on everything delicious. The hummus is either fantastic or just ok; it depends on the day, but it's usually good. Don't hit the pita too hard (despite its soft, fresh deliciousness) or you'll never make it through your mains. When you run out of pita despite this warning, they will bring out a fresh batch right away.
If you're extra hungry, get the baba ghanouj (best in the city) and/or the falafel (no, it's not as tasty as your mom's falafel, but if you're looking for mom's falafel, get mom to make it for you, man--this is as good as it gets outside of home-made, and it's really, really good--and also the best in the city).
For a main, get the mixed grill platter or the lamb shish platter, though it's all good. If you're on a budget, get the fatoush salad or one of the sandwiches (super-stuffed).
Enjoy all the fresh, delicious, beautiful flavors. Marvel at the single waitress, always Russian, and a different one every time. Where do they come from? Where do they go? One of the unanswered questions of life.
Get rose-water-soaked baklava and Arabic coffee for dessert. Drop about $35 to fill two people up but good. Stumble out into the street feeling sated and vaguely superior to the folks sitting outside of Copabanana next door.
Rinse, repeat.I've been coming here since my parents were still married (and they haven't been married in over 20 years), but somehow this place hasn't changed, in the best way! My go to here is always the Middle Eastern Combo and fries, which come with onions and jalapenos. They are not stingy about the pita, and will give you extra without you asking, and for no additional charge.
Recently my father and I came here and tried the lentil soup (which is vegan) and spinach and mushroom pie as well. Both were excellent. The waitress was very friendly and didn't rush us at all. 
I see people have said the place looks a little awkward to eat at, but I have to say their little sunroom is the back is just about my favorite place to eat in the city. Also one of the few truly wonderful places two people can eat a filling meal at for only $20!
Nothing has changed since I've been coming here, and I am grateful for that, because it's perfect the way it is. Great memories here.Pass the humid front area for the plant filled, air conditioned, romantic spot in the back. It's intimate and remarkably quiet for being on South Street. The pita and baba ganoush were the stars of our meal. Not too much garlic, creamy, and with warm pita. The kabobs were ok, but a little dry. It felt healthy, inexpensive and had a nice atmosphere. Portions were the perfect size; you could finish and be full, but you shouldn't expect leftovers. The salad was the only part of our platters that seemed to really reflect the inexpensive price.I've been a patron of Alyan's for about 10 years now.  I love, love, love their french fries with the fried onions/leeks and jalapenos.  
I love to get a bunch of side dishes as my meal.  Every time I go I have a hard time deciding what to get, but I almost always get their grape leaves.
The garden room is always nice, and you never feel like you're being rushed out, (however, if you're in a rush, you might need to track down your waitress for your check).My friend and I ate in the back greenhouse-esque room this past weekend. Very pretty and allows for natural light. It was nice because it almost feels like spring, despite it being a February in the longest winter ever. Arabic food is an all-time favorite cuisine, so I eat it often. It was good, not the best ever, but a solid good, maybe very good. I got a mixed grill platter. Hummus was nice, it's better at Manakeesh, and the arabic salad was average, the grilled meats were good, but just standard good, an enjoyable meal. The grape leaves were great.
Service is quick. Waitress friendly. Very varied clientele. We sat in the tiny back room with Arabs to my left, Eastern Europeans to my right, and an older American couple to the front.
I would definitely come again.The food, staff, ambience was nothing above mediocre. The location is a hole in the wall off side street, with an upfront kitchen with counter that seems suited for a snack after late night on South Street. The interior is very cramped, with only two tables that can seat more than 2. The evening we were there were only 2 servers for the 10 or some tables. While the service was pleasant, it had no chance of being timely due to the lack of servers. 
I ordered the falafel and had a side of their "famous" hummus. It was fine but I've had better from Wegmans. There was very little taste to it - just creamy chickpeas and a whole lotta oil poured on top. 
The falafel was in the same vein - nothing terrible but nothing that stood out either. The big plus was that it is BYOB. Would not go back.chicken schwarma.... Nooooooo ooooooh ooooooh. good, but not amazing. if you're looking for schwarma don't come here imo. the rest might be good though.Super solid and cool place. Was gonna just give it four stars, but why should I be so stingy about my ? 
You pretty much always enjoy your meal here, and honestly I really like their burgers.What this place lacks in ambiance (though it is cozy, for what it's worth), it makes up for in excellent quality dishes. These are maybe common dishes you've tried elsewhere, but they certainly feel like they've been perfected here. The hummus is great, the baba ghanouj is excellent, the falafel is mouth-watering, and even the humble pita bread is pretty tasty. The lamb soup, though, was a very unexpected treat. What a standout, especially on a cold day like today. 
And, if you may still be wondering, the prices are very reasonable for a filling, delicious meal.The best Mediterranean food in Philly and it's not even close. I'm from a Jordanian background and this is as close to grandmom's I've found. Protip: order the mixed grill platter and the mint iced teaI wouldn't recommend this restaurant. Down the street is Isot and it's much better if you're looking for qualify middle eastern food. One of the line cooks had a cigarette behind his ear for starters. This is absolutely a health code violation. Secondly, the salad is just chopped  tomatoes and cucumbers on what looks like bagged lettuce with some salsa on the side. Not good. The hummus was actually delicious and if it wasn't for the hummus this place would get 2 stars. The meat was over salted and wasn't anything special in terms of marinade.AWESOME Mediterranean food near South Street, great staff that is knowledgeable about the food.  Nice BYOB place with a nice dining area in the back of the restaurant and occasional tables outside.  The food is fresh and there are tons of options.  Possibly my favorite restaurant in Philly with the reasonable price, large portions and friendly staff.  Highly recommend!Was kinda overpriced for the mediocre food we got. I can't remember the name of it, but I got this deep fried football looking thing (2) dinner platter and another dish I can't even remember. The mint tea was not very minty.Delish. Cheap. 
I got falafel w hummus sandwich and Boyfriend got shwarma. Mint iced tea amazing and their fries with grilled peppers and onions... Wow! 
Everything amazing. $20 total. Hello!All you need to know is these are the best fries you will ever have.  Ever.  They toss in hot peppers and onions and the fries are perfect and the peppers and onions add an amazing level of heat and sweet.  I had them about a year ago and have been dreaming of them ever since and when I returned to Philly last weekend they were my top priority.
The falafel is good too.
But really.  The fries.Shit server work there I got nervous because of shit guy. This was very disappointed. Terrible experience.I have to say I have been here a few times. It's a small place and could be easily missed. I really love the food...really, its delicious. However, I will never be going back there unfortunately.
The last time I went there, the very rude waitress-with the glasses and extremely pouty, emotionless look on her face....she was very cold as we walked in...to the point that I thought they were closed and just forgot to lock the door...so I asked if they were open and if its okay to come in....afterwards, her service was so off...maybe it was a bad day, maybe she was tired...I don't know..BUT THEN..
as we are finishing up-which we only stay about 10-15mins tops as we get quick platters to eat...she hands us a bill with an outrageous amount...two falafel platters and 2 cans of soda =$42...now im not a mathematician but at most it should have been $30ish..
Anyways, I bring it up to the cashier and he embarrassingly looks at her...as she shouts "ITS with TIP"...she apparently thought her 10minutes of rude service walking no more than 10 feet warranted her about a 21% tip...now im no cheapskate.. but really? this is a fast-food kind of place...! you were rude...you barely put in any work...and the food was served cold that time!!
I was shocked by the audacity she had to speak with a regular customer like that...the other times we went...it was take out...or we would just end up staying because it took forever to get the food and about 3 different people served us. I tipped the time I stayed btw...and the cashier happened to tell us afterwards that she said we didn't tip her last 2 times we went! 
Either way....there are far too many good, REAL restaurants to eat at in Philly and not have to deal with such rude service...if this witch ever gets fired..Id be back for the food...but I refuse to eat at a place where someone expects that..
I didn't want to come and rant here...or try to defend myself because there have been plenty of times service at different restaurants were bad and I still tipped because it was the polite thing to do...but I am fuming at the way she treated us that night...I almost crossed that tip amount out and just paid for the food...but I was in shock !!I've came to check this place out yesterday for lunch! I ordered a sandwich falafel babaganoush. It was a big portion but the taste is not that good!! The tomatoes are not that fresh. The falafel itself is not so flavorful. Me and my husband make better ones ourselves!! Their fries with onions and hot peppers it was really good fries. Although, they give out big portions! Being a chef, I won't go back to this place ever again....Yeah, the fries at Alyan's are very, very good! They're cripsy with the right amount of salt and those fried hot peppers and onions. I'd like to echo the sentiment that you gotta get the fries...you gotta get the fries...you gotta get the fries. See what I did there, like an echo. Heh? 
I liked the falafel fine but I wouldn't order the shawarma again. It was dry as a desert bone! Maybe it was just an off night for the shwarma though?I would give this place 5 stars but I haven't really tried out the other falafel places around here. Cute hole in the wall restaurant with a family business kind of feel. I was there on time to see the owner scold his daughter for going into the fridge for a soda. "This is not your home! This is my business! You can get away with it at home but not in my store" he said while trying to hold back laughing. I love it!!!  I got the falafel and hoummus sandwich for lunch. it was sooo good! the pita was soft and warm and it was overflowing with fresh veggies. They are not skimpy with their falafel or hoummus either! The portion was huge so be ready to share or have leftovers :)After the 17 years I've been coming here, Alyans cuisine has remained deliciously consistent and fairly priced. I love the exotic ambience of their little back room. With pillows on the wall seats, light arabic music playing in the background, and plants hanging from the glass ceiling, it creates a personal feel of eating a meal especially prepared for you as a guest in a strangers home in a foreign country. It's fabulous.
I recommend the hummus, the grilled zucchini platter and the Arabic coffee.I've been a fan of Alyan's for well over a decade and a half now. It's always been a reliable option for quick stop to satisfy our Middle Eastern craving when in the South Street/Headhouse district....
A $10 platter which comes complete with salad, falafel, hummus and pita is enough for me to split with my two young daughters. Fairly generous portions, especially for the price. The falafel stuffed pita is a good option when I'm a bit hungrier. It's messy and fun to eat. (Don't eat it on a first date though). 
Alyan's offers all of your Middle Eastern faves such as shawarma, tabouli, baba ganoush, etc. They do serve kabobs, but just not on a skewer. Same meat, just different presentation unless you want them in a pita sammy. Hubs enjoys the chicken although they offer lamb, beef and kefta as well. 
You're going to want to go ahead and order the fries with onions and hot peppers for your party to split. While that may seem like an odd option for a restaurant serving up middle eastern cuisine, just do it! They're fantastic!! 
They have homemade mint teas and it is BYO. 
The back room with hanging plants, pillows, lanterns and such is where you're going to want to sit when dining in, although this place makes for a great takeout night! Loading zones right out front make a quick in and out easy too! 
Service is fine. No complaints. 
I'm a fan and will continue to be.I had the kefta kabob platter. The kefta kabob was slightly dry, but the hummus was delicious. My boyfriend had the couscous with lamb and veggies, which was phenomenal. There is a quaint seating area in the back. I would definitely try this place again.Alyan's Restaurant is a little gem in the middle of Philly! Great spot for Middle Eastern food. The place was has that small, homey feeling and kinda divey at the same time, which I love! You walk in and it's wall to wall tables (small place) but then you step into the back room and there are about 5 tables more to fit parties of 4-5 people or possibly more. Love the outdoor/indoor feel with glass ceiling and foliage. 
The Hummus was on point, swirled with extra olive oil and olives, smooth and creamy. We ordered the sampler platter to start which was loaded with lots of goodies like hummus, roasted peppers, Feta cheese, pickled onions, etc..yummy
It was enough to keep us satisfied until the main course. 
My main dish was the Lamb & Couscous with veggies which arrived on two dishes (lamb/couscous on one, chunky veggies simmering in a broth in the second dish) and it was perfect portion size. (In NY, you are given so much food at my fave restaurant that I always save half for lunch the next day)
Price was right, service was good, location was great, and it is definitely a place to return.Having been coming here since it was called Tuil's...over 25 years...try the lamb soup with yogurt...very good and unique...all the sides are a fun way to eat..
grape leaves, falafel, kibbi, tabouli, fries, spinach pie..enjoyAll I can say is yummy , everything on the menu , The owner is wonderful , Service is excellent , The hummus is the best by far anywhere else , this is a restaurant I go to at least once a week maybe more they treat you like family and also give you great portions and the french fries fried with jalapeños and onions is something you definitely have to tryThis place is ok, I wish I could give 2.5. It's a little dirty, but that's more the vibe I get from its location. I have, however, eaten here several times because its easy, close and decently priced. The people that work here are nice and its nice that you can bring your own wine if you choose to dine in. 
I have only had the falafel and shawarma sandwich with either hummus or babaganoush. I actually really like the falafel, its nice and crispy on the outside and not too greasy. The shawarma is hit or miss. It can range from being fatty/rubbery to decent. They should put a garlic sauce to it, but they don't, so I recommend you add hummus to the sandwich (which is good and garlicy). The babaganoush is also pretty good. The main ingredients here are worthy of at least 3 stars.
But the reason for the two stars are the bread and salad at this place. The pita is dry, stale and tastes like the ones you buy at the super market.  Its really a shame. Its like a pizza place where the dough is soggy or a mexican place that doesn't use fresh tortillas, it just makes you wonder how much they really care about the food. Its those details that separate good food form serviceable food. And the salad is dressed with what appears to be water and yogurt? It lacks any and all flavor. All in all its ok. I wouldn't go out of my way, but I will probably eat here again at some point in my life for some serviceable middle eastern food.I've been eating at Alyan's for over two decades. It's very consistent in delivering good food. I have friends from out of town who make a point to eat here when they visit each year. It's a small place. A make-over every decade would help, but service is good and the atmosphere is adequately comfortable. I recommend the Alyan's fries with jalapeños and friend onions. Aside from the fries, there are no standouts - but, there are no bad choices either. The menu is solid across the board.This place just okay. I went with an egyptian friend of mine expecting much more.
There were rave reviews about the Alyan fries, so we ordered that for starters. While they weren't bad fries, they were nothing special. The fried onions and peppers made it sound like there was some great seasoning that would be added, but it seems like the onions and peppers were just thrown into the frier alongside the fries. As a result, there wasn't any additional flavor added to the fries unless you took a bite with the pepper or onions, it wouldn't have been any different to just add it on after the fact. Nothing special.
We both ordered a lamb shwarma sandwich. It was mostly salad and dressing until the last few bites. I don't know if it was a result of the sandwich not being evenly spread or just gravity, but it seemed very sparse in the meat filling area until the very end. That being said, the shwarma wasn't that bad, but again, I don't feel like it was anything amazing. Maybe it was my fault for not getting the platter. 
My egyptian friend wasn't a huge fan of the shwarma either.If I lived in Philly I would definitely come back here.  We found it while wandering around South St. looking for something to eat.  I was starving, and I saw "Middle Eastern," so we went in.  What a pleasant surprise!  The falafel sandwich was yummy and had lots and lots of veggies on it.  It wasn't just two falafel and some iceberg lettuce on a pita.  This had lots of romaine lettuce, big chunks of tomato, cucumber, and tahini plus tasty falafel on a delectable pita.  They weren't falafel balls, either, more like patties, so they fit well in the sandwich and you got some falafel in every bite, but not too much.  It's nothing you haven't seen before, but Alyan's gets it just right.  The iced tea is also really good, and you can taste the fresh mint they make it with.Went there yesterday, wasn't the first time, but the experience was enough to get me to write a review.
Ordered a Falafel and Hummus Sandwich....a bit of miscommunication had me getting just a humus sandwich.......but the situation was quickly righted and i got some of the best falafel i've ever eaten brought to me.  
These guys have some really tasty food...........definitely try the french fries.  Gotta try the french fries.Middle Eastern cuisine, I ordered the Chicken kabob that came with pita bread and a side of salad. The humus was delicious. The chicken was a little bit over cooked and it took awhile for them to make the food, but I have no complaints.My husband and I were on South St. and being a vegetarian, I had a taste for falafel. I went in, not a warm greeting by cashier (not a big deal) I ordered falafel on pita bread with hummus. This is by far the worst one I have ever had, it was extremely unflavorful. I would not come to this restaurant again.This place was recommended to me by someone who grew up in Israel and swore the food would be authentic...and she was so right! The food was amazing and the inside of the restaurant is so cute and warm. There is a skylight above the tables with plants and beautiful mosaic tiles everywhere.I order take-out from here all the time and I've never really had a negative experience here. I would say their food comes out a bit slow at times because the guy behind the grill is cooking for everyone. with that said, I love their pita sandwiches, with the cheeseburger and lamb shish kebab being my two favorites. I love that they grill their veggies to get that caramelized taste to go with the meat. definitely a winner given the price. NOTE: their prices listed here are no longer valid, so if you order take-out, be sure to note that the prices they have now are $2-$3 than listed. otherwise, they are fairly friendly and have been around for a long time. they close at 10 nowadays as well, not 11.Looks are deceiving here.  Walk into the restaurant and into their atrium area for seating.
They had an amazing couscous with chicken and veggies dish, hummus was awesome and so was this braised eggplant dish with peppers, onions, celery and spices!  Falafels were fried just right without any signs of burning!
Can't wait to go back!Great hummus. Decent baba ganoush (but i've had better). Great fries that are nicely seasoned and crisp.
The chicken shish kebob platter was fantastic. Tender juicy chicken. I love the hummus and salad. The pita bread is standard supermarket pita bread. The server was nice and dealt with our large group nicely. 
The platter was $11.50. More than I'd like to pay, honestly, but the portion was huge. 
I plan to get a sandwich next time. For $6-7, they looked filling and just enough.One on the most authentic and delicious shawerma and falafel spots Philly has to offer.Love this place!  I usually order the falafel and hummus sandwich with the Alyan's fries.  The falafel sandwich is pretty filling and tasty and they are generous with the portions in all their dishes but the real winner is the fries, which is a mix of potatoes, onions and hot peppers.  The mix of those flavors is incredible!  I always make sure to get a large order of them, because they are just that good!  Be sure to get a seat in the back, as the ambience there is a lot of fun.  Prices are pretty reasonable and their food is always consistently delicious.  The waitstaff is very friendly and helpful as well.  In the summer, when I'm there with a crowd, we usually order a pitcher of their iced tea, which is very refreshing, with a hint of mint.  This is the one of the few places I'll eat when I'm in the South Street area.Love this place!  Great Middle Eastern Food, done right!  
Service is great, too.  Sometimes a little slow if they're busy, but worth the wait, as it is a pretty popular place.
Great Baklava too!I went to Alyan's for the first time last Sunday. I don't even like any Greek, middle eastern, etc. food, but I LOVED Alyan's! The service was good. Very knowledgeable about the menu since I knew like nothing about the food. Prices were really decent too. And the portions were awesome! They had a decent variety of meats since I don't eat a lot of different meats. I would definitely come back!The environment here is great, very relaxed tranquil setting. The food is out of this world, wouldn't go anywhere else for Mediterranean food. Also their jug of mint tea is pretty good when you have more than 2 people with youthis is the first falafel i ever had, and thank god for that, because some (MAOZ) are horrible. this one is not horrible, in fact, it's fantastic. i like getting a sandwich to go and spilling most of it in front of the tattoo shop next door while staring at the poor souls in line across the street at jim's. it's cool to sit in here too, especially in the back. nice atmosphere. the servers and staff are always super cool. unless i'm on the other side of town and mama's is open, i'm hitting up alyan's whenever i need a falafel fix. yeah!Had the hummus with falafel. It was very good. Now, i'm not a falafel fan after trying some, for the first time, in Brooklyn, NY. There, it was dry and mass produced and tasted like it! At Alyan's, it seemed fresh and it was very savory. Tasty. A crunchy, not overly firm crust with a soft, bread like texture in the middle. The Hummus was great too. The combination of the pita, hummus and falafel was delicious. I was worried that a single pita would not be enough however, it allowed me to indulge in the salad included on the plate. I mixed the salad, hummus and falafel for a nice finish. I loved the food. It was very filling and left me satisifed. As far as the place itself, it is small. We sat close to another table of patrons so it was a little more intimate than I cared for.  In spite of that, I really loved this middle eastern restaurant and will definitely be back.Incredible food, huge portions, friendly staff. Definitely check this place out it's a neighborhood staple and delicious.Terrible service. Mediocre food. I went to dinner with a friend and she had a minor complaint about her meal. The manager was sent to our table and he was immediately aggressive and defensive. He asked if we'd been to the restaurant before and neither one of us had been. He proceeded to tell us he's been in business for 35 years and we're insulting him as though he doesn't know how to cook. Neither of us said such a thing. He continued to raise his voice at us and we just asked for our check so we could leave the uncomfortable situation. I've never been yelled at for not being happy with my meal and BARELY touching. Definitely, will not be going back or recommending this restaurant. Also, their pita is a joke.best falafel!  If you like Mediterranean food this is the place to go!  No frills. Nice people. Always a good experience.Good food and small cozy space.! I had the mixed platter and the meats were seasoned well and tender especially lamb.We went here on Christmas Day after the Mummer's Parade.
Food is reasonably priced and very fresh.  We ordered a lamb kebab $9.95 and the hummus platter $11.95 and pushed ourselves to finish everything. Could have been slightly more flavorful.
Interior decoration is quite plain but the back room is a bit cozier.  Service is a bit on the slow side but everyone is very nice.
This is a BYOB place!  Bring your honey here for a super low key and frugal dateI LOVE the back seating area in Alyan's....you feel like you are in Jerusalam or something, and completely forget that you are really in the middle of Philly for a while. I keep going back just for that. Their food is good, but I always feel like the tahini leaves something to be desired. I reccomend the spinach and mushroom lunch platter for value and taste. The falaffel is good, but Alhambra on 3rd street has a superior falaffel sandwhich. At times the service can be a little slow. However, this place has good Lebanese cofffee and the best baklava hands down!You won't get better mediterranean anywhere else. Everything is delicious, perfectly good and seasoned perfectly 11/10.This remains an OUTSTANDING restaurant!  The BEST Middle Eastern Food in Philly!!!I absolutely love hummus and Mediterranean food!  The food was flavorful, fresh and well-prepared!  I loved the tomato and cucumber salad!  The lamb platter was fantastic!  
The Lamb soup was incredible!!!  
My husband and I wanted a low key Saturday evening.  The prices were reasonable.   
We will return!I cannot believe I didn't know about this place sooner. I've lived in the South Street district for three years and only just started eating at Alyan's about six months ago. Don't repeat my mistakes!
The staff here is absolutely great. They're always sweet and friendly and the guys whip your food up fast in their little kitchen right alongside the entryway. They're always happy to let me have a seat and wait for my takeout order as long as there is an open spot in the dining area.
The hummus, as other reviewers have mentioned, is stellar. Rich and garlicky. I almost always get the lamb shawarma, which is absolutely excellent, as is nearly everything else I've had from Alyan's. The only thing I did not enjoy was their stuffed grape leaves. They didn't seem to have nearly as much flavor as everything else I've had and I haven't chanced ordering them again. 
Nonetheless, I'm a loyal customer. Alyan's is great Middle Eastern food.Yum Yum Yum Happy Sigh
We've been coming her for nearly 30 years.
Always Awesome!!!
The food is athentic just like in Jerusalem
HugsAlyans, so delicious great atmosphere.
The Staff is very friendly, 
My water glass was always full! That's a thing I have when I eat out.
The food was very fresh, my order came out very quick I had the mix grill with ice tea.
Drew CThe one thing you have to do at Alyan's is sit in...don't event think about taking that falafel to go [unless you really have to, then it's ok].
The rear seating room provides a truly authentic feel to the food. The sunlight peers in through the ceiling and the hanging plants give a sense of warmth. There are beautiful throw pillows for the pew-style seats along with pictures of middle eastern markets filled with beautiful crafts to really give you an environment you just don't get at Maoz around the corner. It can get a little cramped when full seated but the food is worth it.
Definitely have a pitcher of the mint tea [served hot or cold] and some of the fries with the pepper and onions. Yum. They also have the best falafel, in my opinion, in the city.
I have not personally tried some of the other dishes simply because I do not eat much meat but they look absolutely delicious. One of the cooks can also be caught singing traditional melodies [as well as some newer mid eastern songs] in the window during the lunch hours. Hey, anyone who can sing a phrygian scale get props from me!
The price is very reasonable for the portions provided in the meals. Sandwiches will run you around $6, which for South Street is great. A Hamilton will get you one filling lunch and bottle of Egyptian mango nectar that will leave you craving for more.I love Alyan's! Delicious, flavorful, fast, and inexpensive. Whether you need a quick bite while shopping on South Street or a cozy dinner with friends/family, Alyan's is the perfect spot. I've had the felafel sandwich a few times and the Middle Eastern Combo is also awesome. But my all time favorite is the lentil soup. YUM.Very good chicken kebab with 2 falafel, special order...very good and reasonable. Fresh pita &  good humus. Wish they'd upgrade their chopped salad but I have a thing against iceberg lettuceThis place is a treasure. Get the french fries - hand cut and fried with jalapenos and onions. My boyfriend and I split the falafel platter which came with a chopped salad, a generous serving of hummus, and warm pita  which our gracious server replenished for us at no charge. Its small but very charming - sit in the back room which has a glass ceiling and is decorated beautifully. The space was quaint, cute, and the food was incredible. Cannot wait to visit again.Nobody, and I mean nobody makes a falafel like Allan's!!! I've been coming here for almost 3 decades and I have never had a bad meal. Hummus is like silk. Fries have hot peppers and onions with them and they are the best fries I've ever had. Pitcher of Home made lemonade and iced tea are perfect. Great place that is very affordable!!!Best Middle Eastern in the city!
The lentil soup is so good, I eat it in and take some home. Their falafel is reliably great. You can usually get wheat pita if you ask. Mint tea in the winter! 
I usually also get: Labne, Eggplant, Ful and Zucchini with feta. It's a feast!
If you have a big group, sit upstairs. 
The owner is very kind. Go!We went in today for an early lunch with the toddlers. There was no one in the place, so I went in to check if they had room for the kids. The waitress was rude and put out that I wanted to bring kids in there. She even rolled her eyes and sighed out loud. I just turned around and left, with a group of disappointed children.  We were so excited to get the falafel and hummus. Its not just about the food....its about the service. Phooey.Fabulous hummus and falafels- definitely one of the best in the city. Portions are big, especially for the price. It's only $5 for a huge falafel sandwich.  As far as seating goes the experience is far better if you can get a seat in their back room - really pretty with skylights and lots of hanging plants.  Service can be slow here,  but the atmosphere and food absolutely make up for it!Lovedddd this place! Cute little inclosed garden made me feel like I stepped into a Mediterranean country.  The hummus was fantastic as well as the chicken.  I can't wait to go again to this fantastic little spot.  Not super fancy, but perfect for a really yummy casual meal.My chicken schwarma sandwich was very bland with minimal seasoning on the chicken. Additionally, the chicken was very hard! However, our side of hummus was very tasty and authentic as well as the spanakopita!WONDERFUL FOOD!
This place has such an eclectic feel to it. Everytime we go we get the Alyan's Fries- which are always to die for. However, the falafel is what I come here for. This tastes just like what I have had in Israel. I prefer mine without the tomatoes in the salad or tahini, but honestly, it is all good.
Very affordable and quick service.So after reading about Alyans on yelp, living three blocks away and a lover of Falafels- I treked on over one night to give it a try. I ordered the fattoush salad w/ a side of falafels. My boyfriend (who is a crazy maoz fan) got the falafel w/humous sandwich. The fattoush was huge, easily could have been shared by two and the falafels tasted fresh as could be- not premade and sitting around. The dressing was delicious, but I have had better seasoned before. He enjoyed his sandwich, he hates tomatos but didn't mind them on here! I haven't found my A+ place for falafels yet, this satisfied me but I wasn't in shock & awe. I will definitely go back for price + freshness and location.Great place to go if you are looking for a quiet place that's not hip and popular. I like it here very much but nobody talks about the place so it's like a nice little secret spot to take someone. The dishes I tried were spicy and tasty. It really had an authentic feel. The service was good but not great. Everything about the place is good but not great really. But I like it. Check it out if you're in the area. Something different.I was really craving a lamb shawarma and a nice greek salad, so we made it to Alyan's on a Saturday evening. The space is very casual, with a pretty cool glass ceiling room in the back. Our food came out quickly and the portions were generous, but the salad was so sad! The veggies didn't seem fresh and they were water-logged. There was basically no flavor, and the feta was really disappointing. This salad was also inside my shawarma pita, which didn't help the taste. I wouldn't order either of these things again, although I thought the service was great. Sorry, Alyan's!Great place! The food was amazing. We got the platters with different meats and falafel. It was well served and delicious. The place is small and cozy, but I feel that if it was full it would feel a little crowded. Also, they were out of a couple things we wanted to get. Regardless, we had a great experience and would recommend it.I've eaten hummus, labane, babaganush, tabouli, eggplant salad, falafel, chicken shawarma, chicken and lamb shish kebab here over the course of 5+ visits. I would say that the quality of the appetizers are top notch and the meat dishes are above average. 
I usually go here just for a taste of the hummus itself. Hummus here actually tastes like the hummus found in Lebanon/Palestine/Israel unlike what you find in 95% of places in Philly claiming to make hummus. 
Furthermore, the prices are very affordable. This is a great little middle eastern eatery.