I give them two stars, not because this restaurant merits them, but I am cutting them some slack because they are relatively new. 
We decided to give Amaris a try because our favorite breakfast spot, the Cedar Park Cafe was a half hour wait. 
My over-easy eggs were raw: broken open and left on my plate left a thin liquid raw egg puddle. 
The kids pancakes were served with out butter and tasted kind of weird. 
I ordered toast. They only offer white and it didn't come with the rest of the food until I asked again for it. 
Husband ordered an omelette listed as coming with either hash browns or grits and chose hash browns that didn't come with his food and when asked about it our waitstaff said, "you want to order hash browns?"
I asked for strawberry jam and they only had grape jelly (I know this is a minor complaint, but I feel like strawberry jam is kind of a staple in diners)
It was inexpensive. 
For what we ordered, given that there were only two other patrons in the restaurant who already had their food, the wait was half an hour.Food was good. Not anything spectacular. The portions were also small. What's keeping them from a five star review is their lack of customer service skills. There was only one lady there with red hair that made an effort to greet and acknowledge we were there. Everyone else seemed blase.This place is totally awful. We had the exact same experience where we waited for about an hour, and the restaurant was totally empty. The server was clueless, not apologetic whatsoever. The food was OK but my eggs Benedict had no Hollandaise. Wuttttttt. I don't even think they poached my eggs correctly. We sat without coffee for what seemed like forever. Every little thing took an ETERNITY, even just running our cards.Outstanding venue, great band, and the food is awesome! This is a great find in West Philadelphia. I would recommend this spot.Genuinely grateful for Amari's, and I think they legitimately make this neighborhood better with than without them.  The ambiance is comfortable and casual but with real class. 
The staff seem invested in making your time and the business's time together a positive experience.
I don't eat meat so I probably have a limited view of their menu, but with that I'll still say their food is an easy 4-5 star quality. Good breakfasts that aren't greasy spoon bathroom chasers nor hipster posh brunches; fresh ingredients, attentive prep.
The salmon cheesesteak is a great filling lunch or dinner (usually lasts me at least 2 meals).
And the Jazz brunch? FREE quality entertainment!I'm so glad I tried this place! Their food was delicious, plenty on the plate and the prices were decent. The atmosphere was lovely because the lights were dim and tget also advertise love Jazz on Sundays with brunch. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. You can order anything from their menu at anytime. 
I had the salmon, collard greens and cabbage and it was cooked perfect. Plenty of seasoning as well. My husband had the French toast, eggs and Turkey bacon. We left feeling stuffed and couldn't wait to go back!
I would definitely recommend this place. It's so worth it!The food is delicious the seafood omlete and waffle is to die for!! Yhe staff is friendly always give a great tip  to KASEY AWESOME WAITRESS!!Came in tonight and wasn't sure what to expect. The restaurant is in a Baltimore ave row so it's long and narrow. The setup is clever with a front seated section that's perfect for taking in the live jazz ($10 cover after 8pm on Friday and Saturday) and a rear section of stalls for grabbing some well-priced breakfast. 
We came in on a Friday night before jazz was scheduled to come on and with a growler on hand from Dock Street Brewery just up the street. The place is byo which is a huge selling point, especially with dinner entres all at $15. 
So yes, it's a bit pricey for the neighborhood, but the food was great and the owner and his daughter who was working as server made us feel right at home.
All in all, I would strongly recommend checking out  Amari's (named for the owner's grandson btw).Yummy! This jewel is the real deal! Real southern cooking, art, music and love. Do it for the culture. #allblackeverythangThe crab meat eggs Benedict was very nice as the Jazz trio crooned "The Summer Wind" in it's own style. Cheesy grits are always on the menu. No pork or ham here!  Turkey will be the meat in your sausage, bacon or ham. Service is always great here and the kitchen is open and clean. Lots of seating. After each meal the chef or owner always makes sure we enjoyed. Old fashioned quality and service with smiles make this place a new favorite with many locals.The scenery is intimate and cozy. The restaurant has more of a diner feel to it. The bathroom is clean and smells fresh. The waitress greets you as you walk in with a pleasant attitude.Their menu choices are small, but they have many options. They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
I ordered breakfast. I ordered a Two egg, Home fries, and Turkey bacon. My plate was hot and the portion was reasonable to the cost. My only complaint is that my food was exceptionally greasy. I felt like I was eating the grease from the pan. The staff was very pleasant, but I have to be honest with my review. I will come back again, and try another item from the menu and see how that goes.My husband and I are foodies so we enjoy good food,even basic food done well but today at Amari's was extremely underwhelming, mediocre at best and I'm being nice. Seems like a home cook got a small business loan and decided to open shop. Very poorly executed "hollandaise sauce" which was nothing more than chicken stock and butter, broken,thin and oily. It's sad. Even the curb appeal was an indication of what we should be expected;it appeared to be closed despite the grand opening signs outside. I had a simple homefries,eggs,sausage. The chef burnt my potatoes I had to wait for more and they were under with huge chunks of peppers and I specifically asked for onions only. The cook spent more time yapping than paying attn to his customers basic requests. We should've went to Local 44 but they were closed. 2 stars is generous believe me.This little jewel on Baltimore Avenue is the place that everyone should visit. Amari's has prompt, friendly service and good food. The menu has enough of the classic food options; standard breakfast and lunch items such as fish, chicken and burgers. Now on the upside and much to my delight they serve crab Benedict! It was flavorful with a generous amount of crab meat. On the side I had a short stack that consisted of three beautiful large golden brown pancakes. Short by no means!I was served a piping hot cup of coffee that was strong but not overwhelming, the refills are free. 
The most important thing of all, they have the most reasonable prices. I commend them for keeping the prices low as they are considering and matching the economics of the neighborhood. Unlike other restaurants in the area who use the college and gentrified crowd to out price the neighborhood. Amari's also has a live jazz brunch from time to time, you have to check their website. Enjoy!!This is my favorite restaurant, everything taste so good. If i'm going to eat out, it's my go to. I love the chicken and waffles. The salmon cheesesteak is to die for.I am still making up my mind about Amari's.  I have been there twice and have not yet had an outstanding meal, either good or bad, but I keep feeling that one must be coming.  When it comes, I hope it will be outstandingly good.
The first time through I got fish and grits, which I do not remember clearly, but they must not have been very unusual because I normally remember food.
The second time I got a chicken cheese steak.   This would have been excellent, except they put it on a spongy roll, not a chewy italian roll but more like a giant hot dog bun.  I really regret that bun, because it would have been such a nice cheese steak otherwise.  It's not hard to get a decent roll in this neighborhood so I don't know what went wrong.
The service has been friendly and prompt and the prices are reasonable.  
I think I'm going to give Amari's one more chance and then see how I feel about it; it might end up anywhere between 2 and 4 stars.Love the shrimp and grits! The omelets are good. The chicken and waffles, a mistake made with frozen pre-made waffles and chicken fingers. The service is personable, attentive and inexperienced. The decor is non existent. The ambiance is jazzy and cozy. 
Give them a try, I'm sure they'll get better.Let me just say, I just left here and couldn't write a review quick enough. Everything was amazing! The prices are great, the food is outstanding. On top of that Ms. Sharon was soooo friendly, she greeted us, told us more about the menus and took time out to let us know about the establishment. I will recommend this with the highest praises. Please stop in.Breakfast was decent and standard. Fast dining service on a weekend.  I enjoyed the local art on the wall.Great to have a new breakfast option in West Philly, and a jazz club to boot. I had a pretty basic breakfast, eggs and home fries all prepared exactly as ordered. The staff is very friendly and clearly enjoy working here. As a bonus, everything is reasonably priced unlike many of he more recent breakfast spots in the neighborhood.UPDATE AUG 2017--
I'm sorry to say that I have to downgrade my initial 5 star review of this place to a two star review. I've been to Amarie's both to eat-in and take out maybe 2 dozen times. The quality of both the food and the service has declined over the past 12 months.  The food is often too salty and greasy and the wait staff is unprofessional. I'm loath to say bad things about a new business of color, but I've had overly salted fish too often here and watched the very young servers be a bit too relaxed, lax and unprofessional. The new chef (lighter complexion with bald head) is rude with respect to demeanor and not at all skilled at the grill. The owner needs to start over completely from the kitchen to the floor with respect to staffing.
INITIAL REVIEW 2016--
My first visit to Amari's was during one of their Friday night jazz plus a meal for $15 events. Both the music and the food were magnificent. The fish was cooked to perfection as were the vegetables. The portion was generous and the staff was super friendly. I've never had a better time at a dinner + music outing. I came back a week later for Sunday brunch and had the chicken and waffles. Again, the food and the service were top-notch. There were people 2 blocks away standing outside waiting for tables at Cedar Park Cafe. I can't fathom why folks would wait online for sub-par diner food rather than walk 2 blocks west on the same street and get really well prepared, super-affordable soul food. Amari's is so spacious, too, with 2 rooms, great air conditioning and live jazz music during the day even on weekends . Go figure! They're also on GrubHub now and offer take-out, if you can't eat-in. This is the best bargain for comfort food in west philly, I think. Too, I always find parking right out front or right on the 51st side street.I'm a first time customer. I tried the shrimp and grits. My boyfriend had the salmon cheese steak. Both dishes were incredibly tasty and prepared well! The service was wonderful and the owner/chef took the time out  to greet us as well. Also what caught my eye initially we're the affordable prices. For example, they have seafood alfredo with lump crab meat, shrimp, and salmon for $20 (which I'll be getting next time). I would expect to pay at least $26-$30 anywhere else. I'll also be going back to try their pumpkin cheesecake. Overall, this place offers good food and good vibes. I enjoyed my experience.My girlfriend and I ordered take out from Amari's for breakfast. We got chicken and waffles and the seafood omelet, both of which were excellent.Wow, this place took me by surprise! When you enter, you're greeted by vibrant original paintings on the walls and a friendly staff. Then the food comes...... mmm mmm mmm! I ordered the fish and grits with a side of french toast. The grits are downright silky; the fish was so well seasoned and the french toast was sweet with a little bit of crunch. But then the bill comes and you realize that it's time to make Amari's a regular spot for brunching and lunching. #DivineDiningI've been going to Amari's since they opened and I really enjoy the food and the friendly staff. Mr. Craig and Casey do a great job of making you feel welcome and cared for and the food: O-M-G. My new favorite is a turkey scrapple, egg and cheese sandwich on potato bread. The savory scrapple and the sweetness of the potato bread go great together. The shrimp and grits are a close second. And they homemade veggie burger is fantastic! I'll never understand why people wait in line just up the street for subpar diner food while Amari's still struggles to get a regular crowd, with better food. But it was nice to see a full house there for breakfast the last time I went. I'm glad to see it appreciated. Go check them out next time you're around!I had the salmon burger which was delicious. It was fresh and I loved the char grilled taste!!! Also, the fries were very fresh! Very reasonably priced, I'll be back!I came to Amari's restaurant for Sunday brunch post Dragon Boat practice with two of my teammates. We were all super hungry, and really excited to try the special brunch menu that Amari's was running for the weekend! 
We ordered the cornbread French toast with blueberry compote, the chicken and carrot cake waffles, and the hennesy sriracha wings, and overall I was very happy with our order. The cornbread french toast was flaky and buttery and filling but not overpoweringly sweet, and the chicken with carrot cake waffles were really great as well. The chicken was lightly battered and fried and very moist, and the waffles had a hint of sweetness and paired very nicely with the chicken. I was a bit less impressed with the hennesy sriracha wings, which were very well cooked but a little bit too saucy. 
Service is good albeit a bit slow (that just means you get more time with whoever you're dining with!), and the jazz and the family feel of the restaurant are really great as well!I've been here twice and wanted to like it so badly because it's right on my block...but this food is terrible. The pancakes I ordered tasted like a burger. The wings I got were too close to undercooked, so we didn't even touch those. The chicken fingers I got on my second visit were straight out of the Tyson's frozen tenders bag; nothing handmade about them! I was shocked. I'm not kidding y'all, it was so bad. It was truly disappointing because we really had our mouths set on some good food, but they missed the mark not once but twice. I don't need a third strike. Nice, friendly people, don't get me wrong, but the food needs a LOT of work.A BEAUTIFUL PRESENTATION.. Very nice staff.. I was concerned I had to ask for a lot,  honey with tea,  why is Belgian waffles on the menu, when they are regular waffles, etc. The experience was niceI decided to try this new brunch and lunch spot since I enjoy trying new places especially in West Philly. It is sad to say I will not be returning here. 
The main reason: EXTREMELY SLOW SERVICE. It took over 80 minutes to get chicken and waffles and shrimp and grits. Horrible. What made matters worse the restaurant was not packed. We placed our order only for the waitress to return 30 minutes later to say--- "we are cooking your order now." What sense does that make? Then, 10 minutes later a cook returns to ask WHAT WE ORDERED. 
No one will wait close to an hour for breakfast. I do not know what the staff was doing, however, when we walked-in they were seated at a table talking...
It was absolutely a bad first impression and I have no clue why the staff was running around like they were busy when there was absolutely nothing going on. In conclusion, they lost our order, they did not offer any compensation. Did not even apologize. Please avoid, there are other places in the area with better service. 
For example, I ordered a Carrot cake waffle and received a plain waffle. Oh and they completely forgot our order of Shrimp and Grits and only started cooking it when we complained. So I canceled that item. Sorry will NEVER recommend this place to anyone. 
FYI: The food is not worth it.I was greeted by a friendly waitress that informed me they were initially closed. I was disappointed since I am new to the area and wanted to try the different restaurants. But after sitting down they let me order and I was appreciative. The shrimp and grits was good so I'll definitely will come back to try other items on the menu. Glad they changed their mind.I visited Amari's Restaurant today, and it was an enjoyable dining experience.  I was greeted by a pleasant hostess who seated me immediately.  The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable.  I ordered the seafood omelet and hashbrowns.  My meal was delicious, with fresh seafood, excellent seasoning, and a generous portion.
I would definitely dine there again.Actually 4.5 out of 5 stars!!!!!
Delicious food!  I had a veggie omelet with grits and turkey bacon.  Very tasty and nice presentation.  Wait staff friendly.  Small restaurant, easy to overlook from the outside.  Roomy interior.  Live Jazz on Sundays 2-5.  I came at a good time so no wait.  I'm sure on Saturdays and Sundays, especially after church, Amari's is crowded.  The food is great which brings crowds.  This is A BLACK OWNED ESTABLISHMENT.
I only did 4.5 out of 5 stars because it was my first visit.  I look forward to my next visit.  I am sure I will adjust the stars to 5 stars.  I highly recommend Amari's.Had a wonderful brunch - Fish and grits and western omelette. Both prepared very well with extremely friendly staff and ambiance. Well worth the experience and this will now be my spot!I ordered the home fries turkey bacon and egg platter with a order of crab fries, the crab fries sauce was just to much it was like someone pour a whole bottle of that shit on the fries without enough crab meat I don't think it had any at all to be honest
And who doesn't give bread with a egg and bacon platter. The food was boring and not worth the price very small portions and I think I'm pretty fair on my reviews and this was definitely a waste of money.ZERO STARS! my boyfriend and i arrived at Amari's at 2pm when we first walked in we stood at the front of the restaurant waiting to be seated i noticed two tables waiting to eat one with a group
Of about 6 the other table was a group of 3
When the server saw us she waved her hand up in the air signaling us to come to the back  that was odd to me
We proceeded to walk to the back she look stressed as if they were busy busy but it wasnt alot of guests there... she then asked us where we wanted to sit we told her we didn't mind
So she sat us back up front
When we sat down she saw we had a bottle of wine because its a BYOB restaurant 
She told us she would be back with ice and cups for our wine
We literally sat there 10 minutes and was greeted by another server
She asked us were we being serviced we told her we were waiting for ice and cups so she went and grabbed ice and cups we legit had like 4 ice cubes in our cups and the cups were cloudy
My boyfriend asked her can she get us more ice
She said oh we have a limit on ice but i can get more
She bought more over maybe with like 4 more cubes to the cup but whatever 
Then she took our order
I ordered chicken wings and waffles my boyfriend ordered the seafood omelette and home fries
All of that was at about 2:20pm
At about 2:45 our server came back over informing me that my chicken wings would take 20 minutes because they needed to thaw the chicken out first 
And would i mind waiting?
I told her yes i mind because at that time I would've expected to be receiving my meal
So i asked her can she just switch my meal to shrimp and grits so she said ok
Its now 3:00pm by this time my boyfriend and i finished our bottle and he told me by 3:15 we're leaving
Our server walked over with our food at 3:10
She didn't realize she didn't bring us any silverware 
So after she sat the food down she asked us could she get us anything else i told her she didn't give us silverware so she rushed to the back
We waited another 5 minutes i looked to the back she was preparing another table 
Im usually pretty patient but i walked to the back frustrated stood at the kitchen door and complained 
The other server rushed out while i walked back to my table another 60 seconds went by and we just walked out 
Do not go to this place hungry!
This place lacks training
It sucks because i wanted to support a black owned business but waiting for over an hour for breakfast was ridiculous ‼This place has a nice homey vibe.During lunch. The Salmon burger was a little 0n the cool side, but was still pretty tasty. I would love to try again during dinner hours.The owner just put a 20% off coupon for first time visitors on the website!
====
I had the most amazing omelet !!!  It's so good I don't want to tell you about it!  Why? Because I am afraid when people find out I am going wait in long lines for breakfast.
Okay, okay, I can't just tell nobody.  Amari's had this seafood omelet FILLED with baby shrimp, lump crabmeat, pepperjack cheese and steamed spinach!  
It made me think I was in New Orleans.  They had booth seating and light music playing.  And the staff was very attentive and very quick with asking about refilling the Colombian Coffee!I'm so upset. I expected more based on the reviews, but everything I got was lacking...
The wings were watery and flavorless, the mac and cheese had no flavor and I've never had sweet potatoes so bad in my life.So I go there to have brunch. Waiting for 10 minutes to be seated no one acknowledged we were there a party of 2 before us was waiting then a party of 4 come in after us and saw people they knew and went back.  Then 5 minutes go by and a waitress comes out and say give her 5 minutes so I ask her why was the party seated prior to us when they arrived after us. She said give her 5 minutes. I asked her to speak to the house manager I explained to him the owner what happened his reply was oh well give us about 5 minutes to have you seated I declined and left the building. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.I've seen this place a few times but on the outside it looks so small I've always just scanned over it. Yesterday a co-worker and I wanted to try something new for lunch so I saw reviews regarding this place on yelp. I still didn't make the connect that it was the place I've seen over and over again but I was pleasantly surprised. It's a full restaurant y'all and it is black owned . The server was very knowledgeable and sweet. The chef made an amazing recommendation (salmon cheesesteak w pepper jack cheese, onions, peppers and spinach) and a day later I'm still thinking bout it. They have jazz every other Sunday as well - and the prices are extremely reasonable. I can't wait to go back. Thank youI ate here one time and was very impressed at this luxury restaurant in the cut. It doesn't attract you from the outside just by looks, but once you step in it's beautiful. The African American Art on the wall was priceless, not only that they were for sell. You can purchase fine art after devouring a tasty meal. 
The lighting is low and gives an intimate setting. This is a perfect place for a date or an apology dinner hahaha.
The servers and staff were extremely professional and friendly. The live jazz makes it even all the worth wild.
I had the chance to order shrimp and grits with a side of scrambled eggs. The meal may seem small and typical, but the taste is not. I was not dissatisfied about my meal. Everything was on point and tasted amazing. I cAnt wait for my second trip here to try something else.We went to Amari's for jazz brunch -- it's great that they have live jazz on Sunday afternoons. 
The cheesy grits were THE BEST grits I've ever had. 
The rest of the food we tried was okay, nothing special.
I'd want to come back for the cheesy grits.Ordered delivery.
Fish and grits -- Fish was pretty good, however the grits were both soupy and ice cold!
Steak and eggs -- steak was tough but eggs were good.
Girlfriend also ordered a turkey sausage and egg sandwich which was good.
I would try this place again if in the area but wouldn't go out of my way to order.Welp... looks like I found a hidden gem! Went for the first time today and babyyy... if you haven't been you better get there! A nice quaint restaurant nestled in the heart of West Philly. The food is fresh, hot, and seasoned to perfection. I recommend the seafood omelette w/ the grits, get a side of fish and ENJOY!This is worth $6.00? Two eggs with what looks like a scoop of potatoes. I've been here before, and they have an amazing Veggie Burger, and I'm all for supporting local businesses, but this restaurant has to do better with portions.Great food, great service, great prices. Cute interior (which is not normally something I care about). Finally made it here for the first time Saturday morning and will definitely be back many times!First time here and it was great! I can't believe I hadn't stopped in before, it's actually quite large on the inside. The waiter and whole staff are super nice and the food is awesome. I got a chicken cheese steak and ordered red bliss potatoes (OMG show stoppers), and my friend got chicken and waffles that I had to beg him to let me try- lol! Great time, can't wait to come back for the Jazz brunch, which is my favorite thing ever.This place is AWFUL. Very poor service, stale food. Fish not fresh and frozen to long and tastes stale. Owner is rude and makes excuse after excuse for poor quality and very limited menu. Don't go there.If you're driving pass, you may miss a great spot! Some might say a hole in the wall but the food is amazing. It's like stopping over Big Mama's house to eat. The breakfast entrees are great including their house grits! I'd bet you never had grits like those. I love that they offer so many seafood and non-pork options. Their lunch menu also includes seafood wraps as well as various rice bowls. They close kind of early but still offer dinner options. My favorite is the seafood omelette, waffles, and salmon with shrimp cheesesteak (without the steak). I drive over an hour just to go there. They also have great customer service. I believe the owner is there everyday. My favorite spot when in the area!The ambiance at Amari's is great! I had a really flavorful and well-cooked piece of salmon on salad with no onions. Wait staff was super friendly and kind. Hard to describe but i REALLY loved this restaurant. Very comfy and non pretentious amid the high priced brunch places on Baltimore. I will return for coffee and eggs and the AMAZING looking potatoes.Very unprofessional I ordered food with Grubhub from this place ,waited 45 mins only for my order to be cancelled what type of mess is that , I'll never order from here again crappy hours and crappy service .If i could give 0 stars i would. HORRIBLE experience. When we arrived at the establishment there was no one at the front to great us. There was an elderly couple in front of us who also needed to be sitted and were never greeted. So there are now 4 of us waiting to be acknowledged. When FINALLY get acknowledged at which time the hostess says she has to clean the tables and will seat us. Now another part of 4 comes in after us and walked right in and began to speak with people they know. Because they knew people that were already seated and who was in the middle of their meal the 4 people were seated in front of us. How do you let that happen when you acknowledged we were next.  We asked for the manager who was rude and didn't acknowledge he was wrong. He proceeded to tell my mother OH WELL. After she just asked why was it ok that the other people were seated firstREVISED!!!! 8/5/17 Went for breakfast while dining I got a refill of coffee. THE SERVER POURED SEVERAL ROACHES INTO MY CUP!!!! I still had to pay my check! NEVER EVER DINING HERE AGAIN!!!!!!!!!
This little jewel on Baltimore Avenue is the place that everyone should visit. Amari's has prompt, friendly service and good food. The menu has enough of the classic food options; standard breakfast and lunch items such as fish, chicken and burgers. Now on the upside and much to my delight they serve crab Benedict! It was flavorful with a generous amount of crab meat. On the side I had a short stack that consisted of three beautiful large golden brown pancakes. Short by no means!I was served a piping hot cup of coffee that was strong but not overwhelming, the refills are free. 
The most important thing of all, they have the most reasonable prices. I commend them for keeping the prices low as they are considering and matching the economics of the neighborhood. Unlike other restaurants in the area who use the college and gentrified crowd to out price the neighborhood. Amari's also has a live jazz brunch from time to time, you have to check their website. Enjoy!!Delicious & affordable local black owned business!! Solid breakfast sandwiches & coffee when you're on the go.. love this spotWell I went to brunch on Sunday for the live jazz band, and I waited over 2 hours for my food & my nephew never received his food..A party of 7 & 6 got there food & my nephew sat there patiently waiting for his food & it never came..Thank goodness the band is awesome, but I don't think I'll go back that was a terrible experience to have to wait that long for food ‍The best grits in Philadelphia, hands down. I felt as if I was being fed a meal by mother. It really is a place that gives you a home cooked brunch, no frills just good cooking and I loved it. I normally always leave a few bites on my plate, but I cleared my entire plate. The place is black owned and I've been searching for a neighborhood spot that makes me feel comfortable and this was definitely it. The artwork was made my local black artists which was affirming. The owner is a really nice guy with an inviting personality and a smile to match it. I would highly suggest this place if you long for a place to get good food in a city that is saturated with food spots that are money driven. The food was cooked with love and there's no better feeling knowing that. I will always give my money to a hard working small business owner. Much respect to the owner!!Walked in and was greeted with good morning and smiles! Home fries are good! Can't wait to come back for a full meal with my family and friends.A great spot for home cooked food! I drive an hour just to eat there. My favorites include Belgian waffles, seafood omelette, French toast, house grits, and salmon and shrimp cheesesteak! The place is usually busy but they are quick to prepare your meal as ordered. I also like that they offer plenty of non-pork options. I like the atmosphere as they usually have music playing just loud enough for you to carry on a conversation. Great family owned spot with great customer service and great prices!My favorite local spot for breakfast and brunch, especially love the seafood omelette and their breakfast sandwhiches. Which are competitively priced to other normal spots around the area and loaded with goodness!
Not to mention it's black owned and has local art on the walls and live music :)Walked in from the rain to enjoy brunch at a local owned restaurant. Waited at the front of the restaurant for a few minutes while the waitress took the order at a table of 12. I asked if we could set ourselves. Walked to the back of the restaurant and sat at a open table. Waitress came over and took our order. 
I Ordered the fish and grits and my date ordered the veggie omelet with cheese grits and a side of potatoes with green peppers and onions. I thought we it would take forever to get our food but it came our fast. The grits are very creamy. The Swai fish was 1 piece but it was good. The prices are in line with the portions. 
The waitress checked on us a few times and the food comes out quickly. They should have a sign to seat yourself. 
I will most definitely return for lunch or dinner when in my home town. I do enjoy patronizing locally owned businesses. 
They have jazz from 12-3 on Sunday but the jazz players never showed up while I was there from 12:30-2.