Great neighborhood bar w good food, a Solid beer list with lots of local brews and a full bar.Dined here for a friend's birthday celebration. Staff were very attentive, pleasant and accommodating to our growing party. Excellent draft beer with a solid list of selections. Typical bar food menu though the food was surprisingly very flavorful and done perfectly. There is a lovely outdoor area here. Highly recommended.Don't expect a huge menu if you're going for lunch/dinner, but the food you get is actually pretty good and different from regular "bar food". They have a good selection of drinks and the atmosphere is great. On warmer days there is an outside patio which is really nice. Friendly staff. Good service. I recommend!American sardine bar is a fun place with friendly staff and a great draft and bottled beer list. But that isn't the reason for 5 stars.
It's this. The kitchen appears to be run by an evil 5 year old genius. The sandwiches are all the stuff you'd love to put between two pieces of bread but would never have the nerve to serve yourself, let alone friends. The salt and pepper fries are perfect. The spaghetti sandwich is to die for (top tip, do not attempt to eat as a sandwich, use a knife and fork) and the spicy ham and cheese may be one if the best things you could ever put in your mouth. And the prices are very reasonable, service fun and atmosphere lively.
Great place!I can only say this about this place.....holy delicious food and beer.  Ill keep voming back asling as it stays the same.Fun place with a good sized outdoor area.  Old fashioned's here are a little pricey but very good.  Food was reasonably priced with a very eclectic offering.  I high recommend the veggie French dip if it's available in addition to the giant beer battered onion rings.Eh. Good beer list but needs descriptions of beers. Menu also is cryptic and needs description--on paper not just on board!So warmed up about this place. Menu is super cheap and portions are really large. Everything looks so tasty and the decor is well done. Kudos point breeze. Well done!One of my first ventures into South Philly night life landed me at Sardine's - a casual, spacious bar with a small menu of decadent eats and a nice beer selection. The walls are lined with the eclectic art of a local artist, and christmas lights dangle from the ceilings. 
Sardine's is a two story joint, offering two different vibes - the downstairs had the feeling of a local pub, while upstairs felt like hipster heaven. There's also a nice outdoor area that seems like a great place to enjoy a summer happy hour. 
Compliments to the chef, Doreen, for her amazing food! The menu varies daily, but there's no doubt you'll easily devour whatever you select. Our table sampled some spicy harissa carrots, a hummus and pita spread, and pretzels with vegan beer cheese. We also ordered a wild mushroom grilled cheese, that I kid you not, was as big as my head. It was melty, gooey, and everything a grilled cheese sandwich should be.
Big fan! Will definitely be back when the weather gets nicer.ASB was worth every cent of my $11 Uber ride from Fairmount.
Motivated by their California-centric brew event, our group of ~10 [Yelpers and friends] arrived and settled into a big booth next to the bar. For the next few hours, we managed to order most of the beers on their special list (Hey pretty Almanac! Love you, Ballast Point and Alesmith!) while also getting a taste of their regular food menu.
I went with the pulled pork sandwich. Definitely not my usual meal choice, but theirs was pretty interesting in its own way. As Steph S. put it, the sandwich somehow paralleled a cheesesteak in taste. I liked it!
After eating, some of us went outside for a bit. It was a cool night, their fire pits were ablaze and the bar was decorated colorfully with classic lights. So nice.
Point Breeze isn't a neighborhood I visit all too often, but I'd be happy to return and explore more of ASB's menu and draft choices in the future!Went to American Sardine Bar last night with a group of friends and it (mostly) lived up to the hype. 
- Beer list: extensive
- Onion rings: overrated.  Tasty, but nothing special. 
- Falafel: falafel itself was a bit dry, messy/saucy but delicious
- Salt & Pepper fries: the perfect french fry
- Walt Witt Braised Pork Sandwich: sooo freakin good - tender juicy pork + creamy boursin cheese
- Location: a little sketchy but it's easy to find parking
Unfortunately they were out of brussels sprouts, so I didn't get to try those. I ate a ton of food & had a beer for a grand total of $25 including tax & tip.  Friendly service, awesome beer list, delicious reasonably priced bar snacks - if this place were in my neighborhood I'd be there all the time.  It's worth the trek out from other parts of the city to check it out!After only two drink-only visits to American Sardine bar, I've determined that I like them. A lot. 
The first visit was after the "South Philly Run the Lights" event. After a 3 mile run, American Sardine bar was the location for the after party. Given they don't close off the streets every day, but it was nice of them to allow for a little block party and even nicer of them to sell all of their PBC beers at $3 a pop. They were festively decorated for the season as well. 
The second visit was for their "California Dreamin'" beer event. They had a killer selection of brews from Cali that are a little hard to find normally in these parts. If only they had the Alesmith Hawaian Speedway, Almanac Mandarina Sour, and Bruery Mischief (just to name a few) on tap every day! I didn't eat, but the food ordered by others looked good. My group had a table inside and our servers stayed on top of our orders throughout the evening. I went outside to hang out with a different group of friends and our server had no problem keeping track of my order and bill it to the appropriate table. For this event they had the fire pits going again and the outside patio was still festively decorated. 
It's a little out of the way to become a regular stomping ground for me, however I wouldn't hesitate to return for any future special events.First off, it is awesome that this place is in this neighborhood. It's the closest bar to my house now, it's cozy in there, and I am stoked about that. Welcome! I hope more bars like you show up soon!
Beer list is crafty and solid and changes frequently. Cool. Onion rings and fries (with pickle sauce!) are perfect to share. The tomato macaroni (helpfully described by our waitress as "macaroni...with tomato on it") is more like mac n cheese than pasta and marinara; it's good comfort food. Pickles are garlicky and kinda spicy and really tasty.
I have had awesome luck with cruciferous vegetables here: a firey kale soup (there are always two soups and one of them is vegetarian, much appreciated) is exactly what I want to eat when it's 35 degrees and grey outside, and brussels sprouts are rich with butter and spicy chilis. Not so great luck with sandwiches - the grilled cheese is a gooey mess with stringy onions, and the fried PBJ needs more PBJ guts to stand up to the breaded bread on the outside. I have heard good things about the (vegan) falafel so that's next on my list!
It gets loud in here, and some part of our order has been forgotten every time I've visited. I don't mind the chalkboards in lieu of menus, but I feel for the servers, who must repeat the chicken sandwich ingredients 138 times per shift. I think this place could be great with a little more attention to detail (I was gonna say "spit and polish" but...ew). As it stands, though, I have a feeling I'll be back for beer and soup pretty much all the time.Prior to boo and I's visit the only thing I had heard about ASB was that it was a shining beacon of hope in a sea of despair. For this reason I always figured I'll prob never go there, no need to really. Welllll as life would have it we just bought a house at 16th and Carpenter which is a beautiful neighborhood.... without any bars *nearby so when we wanted to celebrate a successful home inspection our choices we South Street or ASB.
I looked at boo and said "it's now or never baby let's do it". We walked up to 17th banged a left and shortly after crossing of the Washington Avenue super highway we were there. American Sardine Bar may be a beacon of hope however that has more to do with whats inside than whats outside. The neighborhood looked fine, kids running around, dudes skateboarding, certainly not a sea of despair. So we go in and sit at the bar. It's about 2:30 and its quite an eclectic crowd. Against the bartender's suggestion I ordered a Mardis Gras ale and boo had a boozy cider. I got two sardine sandwiches, and a whole pickle, boo got the onion rings. The bartender was right, the beer sucked however the boozy cider was awesome and almost knocked ol' lightweight off her bar stool. The food was delish and if we weren't going out to dinner that night we prob would have ordered more. 
We stayed for about an hour and a half. After my mistep on my first brew I left my next 3 choices in hands of the tender and brother was dead on. I can really only remember the last one which was an English brown ale from Brooklyn Brewing. It was perfect, exactly what I wanted. With IPAs so prevalent these days its really nice to have something with a little less hops. 
Great beer and food prices and I have a feeling we'll be spending some serious bar time there.
*We currently live in Center City so our definition of nearby is a bit skewed.Checked out the American Sardine bar in my new hood last night.  Pretty fantastic.  The service was awesome, not too crowded, and the food was delicious and cheap!  I liked the decor of the outside w/ a giant, rusty sardine can hanging in the front.
I heard great things about the onion rings, but they were just okay.  The rings were huge and nicely battered but they tasted like...celery.  I know, it was very weird.  I felt like I was eating fried celery.  The Walt Wit braised pork sandwich w/ boursin was quite tasty.  The falafal sandwich, however, was  a bit dry and was hard to eat.  The spicy sauce made the dry, hard falafal pieces slide out of the pita.  The fries were FANTASTIC.  Skinny and super crunchy!
I will definitely be back for more drinks and food.This is the first place I went when I arrived in Philadelphia and I was not disappointed! The bar has a great feel and there are a ton of beers on tap, and a huge variety of canned beers. The bartender was friendly and made great recommendations. I got grilled sardines and brussels sprouts. People say they don't like brussels sprouts, but when you have them roasted with toasted garlic, honey and spicy oil, they are amazing. The sardine was cooked perfectly and everything was delicious.Great local addition to the neighborhood. Fantastic beer list and good bar food.Absolutely love this place. Rotating food menu, and a draft list that never disappoints.
I always get a sardine sandwich to start (slider sized - just 2 bucks!) while I decide on the rest. Love their creative twists on classic items. Also, their onion rings... WHOA. Had the best service I've had in Philly in a WHILE from Heather last night. We could tell she was busy but she kept our drinks filled and was cheerful the whole time!The ONLY good thing about this gastropub is the food. The service on the otherhand, left much to be desired. I came here on a Firday night with my boyfriend and our friend for a few drinks and grub. From the second we sat at the bar, the bartender was extremely rude to my boyfriend. He has been to this bar before and has always asked for extra mustard for his sardine sliders and the first thing out of this Pseudo-Hipster's mouth was "No. I can't do that for you. You're not getting extra mustard." Throughout the night she grew increasingly more rude, tossing napkins at our friend and tossing a pen at me. All the while serving her friends that came in with a smile and great service. She ignored us for half of the time we were there. If you go to this bar, avoid the slack faced bar wench with the bad attitude. How will you know it's her? From the terribly cut black bangs, the brown crocs and the generally nasty disposition. You've been warned!very slow service.. Didnt put in my takeout order till i arrived there... had to wait a long time for my food.. i wasn't very happy about it.My favorite place to be whenever I'm in South Philly. The menu seasonally rotates and they have an excellent beer selection. Staff is friendly enough and the space is great. Generally a great place to hang with palsThis is my second time here. Great food, great service. Cheeseburger fries, need I say more?Struggling with how to rate ASB.  Even though I am far from a hipster the bartenders and staff have always been cool and accommodating. The restaurant is nice open and clean. Beer list is great and a really good selection of cans. Personally I think the food is a little overrated -tends to be heavy and tries to be overly complex. I will say that my friends and my wife like the food more than I do. Cool place to enjoy a craft beer and the outdoor seating is great. Still a pretty sketchy neighborhood so not sure if I would go there late night.good beer selection and cute warm environment. the outside area is appealing and i am looking forward to warm weather because of it !Recently had my first experience at the Sardine Bar. Super cute decor, we sat outside on the patio. The staff was very friendly, checked in on the table multiple times, and we're knowledgable about the beer. I had the vegan soup and it was delicious. I also ate a bowl of French fries with an excess of ketchup. My friends and I enjoyed ourselves and would go back again. Prices are very reasonable.LOVE THIS PLACE! 
First time there tonight, and it was just a short bike ride from Grays Ferry. We walked in around 7pm and were greeted with a nice atmosphere; a big bar and a few small tables in the back. They told us there was more seating on the second floor, and to our delight, the upstairs was quite roomy. Green walls with striking black and white prints lining the walls, exposed beams with a dark beige/mustard ceiling with string lights. We chose the first round table with the two large green armchairs; there were other similar tables as well as a few long wood tables for bigger parties. The armchairs were comfortable, but less than ideal for eating a big sandwich. Not a problem, just an FYI. The beer menu was extensive, the mixed drinks were incredible, strong, and cheap, and the food was AMAZING. Two of us tried the stout marinated short rib sandwich, one Pittsburgh-style and one without; both amazing, but watch out for that horseradish. Another tried the fried PB&J (pan fried, breaded with crushed frosted flakes, and then baked) and said it was great. I tried the marinated shrimp torta, which was incredible and huge. I would love to come here again, and I'm glad they're in my neighborhood. 
Definitely get here by 8 on a Saturday night and you'll be able to seat a fairly big party upstairs. Great food and drinks, amazing atmosphere, and the staff was very helpful and perfectly on point with service. My husband and I had entrees, two drinks each, and shared an app and we spend less than $50. LOVE IT!American Sardine bar is the quintessential corner bar where the owner has taken things to the next level.  Great craft beer selection (many of them in cans), four different preparations of sardines, and at least 1x a year they have a special of Michigan Coneys. Chili is made with beef heart, the dog is a dearborne sausage imported from Michigan, the roll is toasted, and the dog is topped with onions, mustard and a sprinkle of Tabasco.  One of the best dogs around.Great beer selection and great happy hour.  The food is above average.  However, I highly recommend the seitan cheesesteak.  I hate seitan, but this cheesesteak is pretty awesome!This is a great bar. They have a good selection of beer that changes (weeky?). I've also never disliked any of the food I've ordered. The onion rings are a personal favorite.Watch out for the sticker shock on the sardines!  I asked to split an order 1/2 grilled and 1/2 fried.  The bartender said sure no problem.  Wow was I wrong for assuming there were 4 or five sardines in an order!  We were billed $20.00 for four sardines.  (an order consists of 1 sardine for 5.00) Yup, thats right!  Why did he not tell me that there was only one sardine in an order?  Who would have ever thought since you can buy these things by the pound for under $10.00.  Heck they were not even de-boned!  Why was I not told that if you were splitting an order that you would have to cut the little fish into 4 tiny pieces?  To sum it up I placed one order of sardines and received 4 orders, that is how you split an order between 2 people!Gotta keep the 5 stars rolling on this one. 
Went last night and had the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak ($12). It was pretty massive... stuffed to the gills. The steak itself was decent meat cooked very well... slightly strong on black pepper and smothered in white american. Finely diced (VERY finely... kudos)  thoroughly cooked onions on a pretty soft/doughy roll (usually not my thing, but it works for this behemoth). next comes a layer of thin (not quite shoestring) fries that are laid to rest under a blanket of cole slaw. It's a pretty outstanding sandwich.
Was digging this place so much that I went back today for lunch. I ordered a sardine sandwich ($2) and the pork sandwich ($8). The sardine sandwich was prepared similar to a tuna salad. The ingredients were fresh and the sardine adds a nice but very subtle oily fish funk.
The superstar by far was the pork sandwich. Freaking phenomenal... period. Slow-cooked pork (shoulder?) pulled/shredded and crispy at the corners/ends. It's seasoned well (again slightly strong on black pepper). The meat alone is pretty divine... but then there's the white spread... some kind of mayo meets horseradish meets boursin creation. This combined with the perfectly prepared pork is simply divine. ...And then there's the bread. it's served on a ciabatta... a cibatta that is grilled to the point that it's almost a pretzel... but not quite. It's hard & crunchy on the edges but still soft and firm underneath. It's perfect. Cook it any harder and it's a hockey puck... any less and it's just like anywhere else. They brushed it amply with oil before putting it on the heat and the crispy inside face of the roll holds retains good bit of the oil. Makes for the perfect texture to liven up the tender pork & spread mixture it surrounds.
Almost forgot about the beer... great prices... like really great prices. Kenzinger is $3. All kinds of craft brews for $4.50/$5.
Bottom line... go here. (and there is always parking down around that way)This place is a solid staple for me being that I live in Point Breeze. Their back yard space is great on a summer day. They have a great selection of craft beers and interesting food.One of the few bright spots in Point Breeze.  They have a good among by of outdoor seating (roughly 10 tables).  We wanted to bring out dog for dinner, but the wait time was too long.  We decided to drop her off at home and eat inside.
Two dining sections - downstairs and upstairs.  We sat upstairs and it was significantly cooler than downstairs on a hot summers night.  
The service was slow - there was one guy was got way overwhelmed with the amount of people that showed up.  Took awhile to get our drink and food orders.  
The food was great - got the fried chicken sandwich on a sesame seed bun. I personally think this is a better fried chicken sandwich than the philly mag winner federal donuts.  Juicy chicken and properly breaded chicken  definitely the best I've had.  Salt and pepper are on point as well - had two ordered of these!
5 stars for food and minus 1 for serviceThe reviews speak for themselves.  Friendly knowledgeable wait staff?  Check.  Eclectic seasonal menu?  Check.  Beer garden?  CHECK!  Hipsters?  Duh.  Very popular with the 20-30 something crowd.  I had my first sardine sandwich there and I don't regret it.  I am not the biggest fan of their food honestly but it still gets 5 stars for just pulling off the first nice neighborhood joint in the area.What is up with this place!? Holy crap it's awesome. Honestly, I didn't think anyone would drool over grilled cheese and onion rings but American Sardine Bar made me do just that. We each ordered a main dish and a side and shared bites here and there of each others food. We passed around big bowls of spicy brussel sprouts, onion rings and french fries with pickle dipping sauces. Not a complaint from any of us... we were too busy stuffing our faces. The beers on tap looked good and reasonably priced, and the jukebox played some chill tunes. It's small and dimly lit but the atmosphere is cool and laid back. The bar goes on forever so it can accommodate quite a few folks. And let's not forget about the service! friendly as can be and helpful. When I asked if they had ciders and they didn't, the waitress suggested something else for me that was just lovely. I love this place and now I know why my friends brought me there after having just been there 3 days earlier. It would totally be my neighborhood hangout if I lived there too :)This is my second review because it deserved. The rude man I spoke of in my previous review is no longer there. So I decided to give it another try went during happy hour and loved their 1/2 off beer can selection. Although the menu has changed which I was a little sad to see cause I loved the sandwich I had here before, food was still great! I got a side salad with spicy ranch dressing which was soooo good, they have my favorite pickles I've ever had! And onion rings are huge and delicious! Thank u Scott for informing me that the rude man is no longer, and encouraging me to come back.Okay, can I just say that this is an awesome addition to Point Breeze? The fact that this is just around the block is amazing; it is definitley a great addition to the neighborhood. So pumped.
Aside from location, the food is awesome (fries with pickle dip are sooooo good) and they have a pretty swell beer list. Looks like East Passyunk may be seeing a lot less of me in the future....Onion rings made for the gods! Love this place. Thankfully it's not close to my house or id be clinically obese!!! What they do they do extremely well... Big fan.This place didn't disappoint! I was here for the first time last night. I showed up with 8 of my friends because I heard they have a great beer selection, chill ambiance and is perfect for larger groups. They have a diverse beer selection, knowledgable/friendly bartenders, and the upstairs is intimate--perfect for large groups. Can't wait to go back!I ate here at the end of February for the first time. It was around 5pm on a weeknight and it wasn't too busy when my dinner partner and I showed up. As we wrapped up our meal there were a considerable amount of people there. We got:
1. Onion rings: the best I've ever had... seriously. the special sauce complements the batter and onions very well (slightly creamy and mustardy). you can take a bite of the ring and the the onion doesn't pull out of the batter --- THANK YOU LORD.
2. Falafel sandwich: big portion for the price. it wasn't bad but it didn't wow me. the falafel tasted like the kind you make out of the boxed mix from the grocery store.
3. Brussel sprouts: i am a huge fun of brussel sprouts in general and these didn't disappoint. watch out for taking a bite with too many peppers because your mouth will be on fire like mine was. sprouts were very flavorful, well seasoned, not too soft or tough.. pretty damn delicious!
4.side salad: for a side salad this was a good sized salad, especially when 10$ gets you a few pieces of lettuce elsewherWent here for the first time Saturday afternoon and liked it so much we went again for Sunday brunch. Delicious original food and 16 craft beers on tap, all at a perfect price point. Not to mention great relaxed service and good music. We'll definitely make the trip to South Philly more often for this place.
Recommended:
- Open-faced roasted chicken sandwich (buttered toast, mashed potatoes, sliced mushrooms, amazing gravy)
- Onion rings
- Breakfast cheesesteak (marinated beef, fried onions, french fries, spicy hollandaise, 2 fried eggs)
- Bloody mary
- Any beer on tap; there are 16 and I don't think any were over $6 or maybe $7I love the beer selection here. There is always a good variety of styles. The prices are typical of say a center city bar, but it's located kinda far from the action to be priced in such a way. The food is consistently good and of high quality, and worth the price paid. I love the French fries with the pickle sauce!Went here for the first time for brunch and had the artichoke cake with coffee. The coffee was terrible like something you'd get at Denny's. The food was ok but small and overpriced and didn't come with a side or anything. I had to go home and have a sandwich after. Instead of just refilling water and coffee, you had to ask, and only the person who asked got theirs refilled instead of everyone. The menu was just on chalkboards with no explanation. I would definitely not recommend it.Stopped here with some friends and managed to get an outdoor seat. The food was delicious, the service was good and the atmosphere was perfect. Couldn't have asked for a better night!All of the food I have had here is great. The only reason this is not a five is that I would like for them to have a more consistent menu. You never know what you are going to get with their daily menu so if you really like a menu item you don't know if they will have it again.My boyfriend and I were hungry and decided we wanted to try something new! We sat outside for lunch and ordered two sandwiches. Assuming that an $12 and $13 sandwich would include at least a few pieces of lettuce to call a "side salad", to our dismay we were left side-less. In total, I paid $27 for two sandwiches that were lonely and sad. Not to mention didn't really live up to our tastebuds' expectations. 
So, just a little tip Sardine Bar...if you're gonna make me pay more than $7 for a sandwich, please give me a side that doesn't cost an extra $5. :)We stopped in for brunch after the Broad Street Run and surprisingly the place was either understaffed or have no sense of service. Come on, after the Broad Street Run?? Where thousands of runners are freakin' hangry after the race?
Nonetheless, we sat outdoors on the patio- def a hipster vibe with various seating and huge chalkboards for their menus/ I could dig the vibe but not the lack of service. Felt like we waited around forever to get our orders in and out. 
Their only saving grace is that their brunch items were pretty tasty- we ordered the fried sardines & fries to start and then huevos rancheros, breakfast tacos, smothered biscuit jawn and french toast. 
We were one of they lucky ones who ran fast to brunch and got dibs on the food. By the time we left, half of the menu was erased on the board.Bar tender is completely oblivious. We actually started a timer after we finished our beer and it took almost 10 minutes for him to realize there were multiple empty glasses on the bar. Water glasses are never filled. Eclectic menu and wait staff has no idea what they are. Food is OK but with this kind of service you might as well serve yourself. There are way better places in point breeze and South Philly.Fun urban hipster menu. I liked everything but the sardines. And I really like little fish. I'm more of a weekend lunch guy. It's really good but it could be great.This is a great local spot! I wish the happy hour started at 5 but other than that I have no complaints! The food is always top notch, the brussels sprouts, bologna sandwiches, onion rings and the french fries are some of my staples. They are vegetarian and vegan friendly which is a huge plus! Great atmosphere and during the summer and spring the outside seating is a must!I live in the neighborhood and come here regularly for drinks and dinner.  While the portion sizes have gotten smaller over the past two years, and the sandwich prices have gone up, I still love coming here and find the staff very welcoming and knowledgeable.Something about this place made me incredibly sad.  I work in Point Breeze and stopped in after work since I'd seen an ad in the paper and figured it was one of the closest places to grab a beer (usually I just hop right back on the sub, so I still don't know South Philly really well).  It's like...this weird, clean yupster utopia in the middle of a totally shot out crap neighborhood.  It just reeks of gentrification and redevelopment and it sucks that it's happening to yet another Philly 'hood.  I guess I fit in, but I feel like they would have had one hand on the panic button if my fiance had walked in with a hat pulled low. 
The bartenders seemed kind of standoffish.  The beer selection was ok, but Philly is a pretty good beer city so it didn't stand out as unique or special.  I just had an order of the salt and pepper fries, which were not hot and oddly, needed salt even though I'm not big on salt and rarely add it to anything I order in a restaurant (though the serving was super generous - they gave me a huge bowl full).  The Yelp-loved pickle mayo was good, but not as good as the raves I saw here.  I can make better at home.  I almost ordered a sardine sandwich.  I wasn't super hungry and I'm sorry I missed out - I love me a good sardine sandwich - though I was surprised they only had one sardine related item on the menu.  My last complaint?  They have both the menu and the beer list on chalkboards.  Which is totally fine, but instead of being easily readable from every seat in the bar, from my spot on the end I had to get up and stand in front of both menus to read them.  I dunno, maybe I need new glasses, but it wouldn't kill them to print a menu as well.
I like a good microbrew as much as the next person, but honestly I'd rather get a Bud Ice in a plastic bag from the corner deli and drink it on my way home next time I'm desperate for a drink after work.  I somehow don't mind the yupster vibe quite as much in Center City, but it bugs me here.I came here not too long ago and loved the atmosphere and food.  I ordered a seafood PO boy sandwich that was on special that night.  It was a very generous portion with a great flavor profile.  The menu items were interesting and more elevated then your typical bar food.  The service was friendly and attentive.  It was also a dark cozy atmosphere.  Would definitely come back.Solid beer selection, beer is reasonably priced. Nice atmosphere indoor and outdoor space, good food but slightly overpriced. Happy Hour specials are sort of weak but good place to throw back a few.This spot just came out of nowhere! I really like their outdoor seating. Laid back atmosphere and good service. Their food is on point! Fries omgggggg one of the best spots in the city. I had their fried ribs too... Salty and amazing. 
Beers and alcohol in general are all reasonably priced! $5-7 a piece. They use an iPad when u place ur order and it goes straight back to the bar/kitchen. So up with the times and cool. I think my friend and i sat outside for close to 3 hrs the day we went! 
Its on the border of good/bad neighborhood, but i really hope that they continue to get returning customers b/c they're a fabulous addition to the area.I had been hearing such wonderful things about this place and am always so intrigued by the sardine can signage I was dying to go. I finally went with some friends this past Friday night and was totally worth the sketchy freezing cold trek from the subway at Federal-Ellsworth. The service was great and the beer selection was perfect for the cold winter weather. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is the Walt Wit Pork Sandwich was a little skimpy on the pork. The meat to bread ratio was a little weak but the flavor was perfect. The condiments really complimented the meat well. I wish the sandwich came with fries or chips but we ordered them anyway. The salt and pepper fries with fresh dill pickle dip hit the spot. We also ordered the brussel sprouts, potato tacos and Mom's Macaroni. Everything was so tasty and comforting. The macaroni was delicate, not too thick and cheesy. Definitely will be coming back for more!I can see how this place is probably a real gem for people who live in the neighborhood. The bar is cute, has an extensive well-crafted beer list and reasonable prices.  The bartender was very nice, fast and attentive. I only had drinks here, but the food looked pretty tasty, and the menu looks pretty damn awesome. I will be back for some food. I think seating itself might be a little limited, but I didn't explore the back.
I love the giant front door, but it does cause quite a draft during winter months and it's so close to a large chunk of the bar that it gets pretty cold whenever opened, which I can assume would be quite a bit on weekends.The food is superb, with ample portions, meaning you'll probably be taking some home for lunch the next day. The beer list is great, although I really wish they'd bring in some brews from the west coast. The service is great, which helps to augment the ambiance of this aging edifice. All of this coupled with great prices makes for a restaurant you will return to again and again...I do.The Food is pretty good here, but the atmosphere is what really impressed me. The atmosphere comes off as a hipsterish, nice dive bar which has some pretty good food and beer to boot.
Food: Pretty good and would probably go again.
1st Dish: Cowboy Chili- Skip this one, while it was good, it was expensive and did not seem worth it compared to the other foods I ate.
2nd Dish: Onion Rings- These were some of the better onion rings I've ever had and also had a great dipping sauce as well.
3rd Dish: Fried Sardine with Sliced Apples- Good tasty sardine that had a lot of crunch and saltiness (which is what I look for in a sardine) Apples were a good contrast.
4th Dish: Fried Ribs with Pinto Beans- By far the standout dish, the fried rib was crispy, hot, and tasty... Perfect beer food as the beer cut the intense flavor. I HIGHLY recommend this dish and it was only $4.
Beer: Solid beer selection, but played it pretty safe.
1st Beer: American Sardine Bar Ale- Pretty standard beer, nothing too fancy, easy drinking.
2nd Beer: Cisco Grey Lady- This beer was awesome, had hints of citrus and was like drinking earl grey tea. The aroma was also great as well.
Overall, this place was pretty solid, not too expensive and has some pretty tasty beer food. I would probably recommend someone go here if they were in the area. I probably would not recommend you go out your way to go here.Their pork and beans soup was perfect for warming me up on a chilly fall night. If you like pumpkin beers try the Kenzo'lantern on draft. It's my fave pumpkin beer so far!Awesome awesome bar. Great bear selection, lots of beers that you don't really see in other bars. Tried the fried sardines and they were delicious ($4 each, good size). Service was probably the best service I have ever had here in philly. They gave us great beer recommendations, were happy to talk about the different beers they had and when my friend accidentally spilled his beer they got him another one right way and were super quick to clean our table. One of the best bars I've been to in philly. Just note the place is pretty chilled. Go there to hang with friends or on a date, but don't expect a partying crowd.Downgrading to one star.  If I could give zero I would.  Was in on a recent night and the bartender was visibly intoxicated.  Okay I understand neighborhood bars and work in one myself.  Drinks with regulars frequently happen.  But I can't begin to understand why this person was still allowed to be working.  The rest of the staff seemed annoyed.  I ordered a call shot and the bartender poured from the well and denied it to my face. In addition I was told if I didn't like it I could write a yelp review.  So here it is.  Hate calling people out since we all have our days but how about not taking out your issues with customers and not trying to make money overcharging people for well whiskey.Heckuva happy hour. All cans are half off which means $2-$3 per beer! I won't complain there.
I think the major flaw the bar has its location. I think it's great for the area but it detracts people from going west of Broad with so many great options east of the main corridor. American Sardine has plenty of space and it looks to have a really solid, inexpensive menu.
I ordered the basic, salt and pepper fries with dill sauce. It was delicious. I think this place deserves a lot more attention but its location makes it difficult for people who rather focus their evening on the more bustling eastern portion of South Philly (Italian Market, Bella Vista, East Passyunk, Pennsport, Queens Village,etc.).
I look forward to coming back and trying a sardine sandwich and the Walt Wit Braised Pork!First time here and I was blown away! The beer (can and draft) selection was great! A lot of smaller micro breweries with a great variety of styles, which is so hard to find. The food was excellent! We had the green goddess chicken salad sandwich, the spicy shrimp torta and the salt and pepper fries. The bartenders were the absolute best! Very knowledgeable about all the beer and gave us great recommendations! Added bonus, we were surprised by how inexpensive it all was. We will definitely be back!Nice local spot. Good beers on tap and decent food selection. Sardine sandwich was pretty good, but again the beers are what shine here. Bartenders are friendly and attentive (something hard to find in Philly!!!!) and I can see this being my new local spot. Very happy to be in the neighborhood and have the Sardine Bar near-by!This place always keeps me coming back. I always order food whenever I come here because the changing menu never disappoints. Good beer selection. We rented out the second floor for a private party and were so happy with everything. The upstairs is a great space with string lighting, multiple tables, feels cozy, and can host quite a few people. Service is great.This is a great neighborhood bar...I just wish I actually lived in its neighborhood so I could go more often! They have a fantastic beer list and the food is a little more interesting than typical bar food, but without any pretension. If you're a fan of anything pickled you'll be a happy camper here, and you shouldn't leave without trying at least one preparation of their namesake dish. I've had the fried and grilled sardines and try a new kind every time I go back. The enormous onion rings are also not to be missed. 
The service here is always spot-on, and our waitress on a recent Saturday night was incredibly accommodating to,
and patient with our large group. As far as ambiance goes, daytime drinking here has a beer-gardeny/divey feel, whereas at night they dim the lights for more of a date night vibe. Not to be missed!I just want to give this place a hug somehow. It's so different and charming. It was perfect to be here on a nice summer night in their awesome outside area with lawn chairs and just this old american (with a twist) vibe. They had fresh herbs/produce growing in pots around the tables outside, a great beer list that I found to be a little cheaper than average (Sardine ale for $4 was well worth it), and some unique and affordable menu items. 
I was gonna go for their claim to fame and try some sardines, but I was quickly assured that no one wanted to be around my bad breath if I had it. I'll be back with some drunker, equally as stinky friends next time. We got the tomato zucchini plate which was really well done with some nicely charred heirloom tomatoes and fresh parm and bread with it. Fries were great with the pickle sauce. Wouldn't say it was anything too special but very pleased for the price and everything about the place. 
Our server was great and remembered all our orders even with 6 of us all shouting different things we wanted and brought it out quick/checked on us frequently. The hand written chalkboard menu, the little painted shed out back and the goofy chairs all made my smile. Nice job you salty slimy fish lovers.I have to come here more often, great happy hour specials, the jukebox doesnt change, and I am just fine with that. Its a great neighborhood bar. Did I mention I had a brain sandwich here? Yeah, it was pretty tasty.Get the salt and pepper fries with dill sauce and you won't be disappointed. The food is just tradition bar food (except the sardines, of course) . Outdoor seating in the summer is and fun. Great local bar.I'd give this place less if I could. I live so close it should be my go-to place. I just don't get the hype. The menu is awful - I've been there and have been unable to find something on the menu I remotely want to eat and settle for something lame like soup. The beer list is pretentious and the bar itself is drab. This place is overrated. I just don't get it.No pretense. No cute food. Solid eating. Sledge hammer flavors.  Working man prices. 
Favorite sandwich so far, braised pork. Close second, the sardine sandwich, buy 'em by the bag full.  Batter fried onion rings, a required side.  
Lots of good beer.This place continues to serve excellent and unique food day in and out with an always changing menu.  The tomato macaroni with cheese and bacon is neither tomato soup nor mac and cheese but is absolutely delicious.  I have had the falafel pita wrap multiple times and always enjoy it.  Both the onion rings and salt and pepper fries a great indulgence and good for sharing.  Their short rib entrees are also delicious.  They always had a fresh cooked vegetable side based on what is fresh and it is always cook to perfection.  Half off cans and discounts on certain growlers during happy hour are another reason to go.  They always have a great beer selection and this place is just expanding.  The staff is very friendly and they are very good to their regulars.  I personally love going in at 11 or 12 during the week.  It is a very friendly and layed back atmosphere.  Definitely a place to check out.  Personally prefer this bar to any of the ones in Graduate Hospital.  Just another great reason to come to Point Breeze.So a gay couple and their straight roomie walk into a bar....
That happens to be the best foodie place in the hood.
Just moved into the area and have been cleaning and painting our dwelling. We checked out this quasi foodie haven dive bar at the suggestion of a co-worker.
First off Sarah our Goddess Bartender was epic. Polite, friendly, but no bullshit and is a shining example of what every bartender should be. Quick refills, attentive, comforting, polite, and just naturally cute and inviting. Superb service skills. We've gone the last two nights and some of the food is downright amazing with a decent selection of craft beers. Think southwest Philly's Bishop's Collar with a twist and much better food and that's this jawn right here. Food we tried the cowboy chili, the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak (which isn't genuine but quite Frankly I think tastes better), Pork Meat Loaf Sandwich, Roasted chicken open face sandwich (omg so effin good think sos but with mom's homestylins), onion rings (best we've ever had), Nancy's buttered noodles (classic comfort food, delicious), fried ribs (why haven't I ever tried this before??!! Fantastic) and their Peanut Butter Chocolate Pretzel Sandwich (shut the front door and holy garbanzo beans that sandwich is like eating a "take five candy bar" only in sandwich form omfg that shit is amazeballs). 
Cons: Cowboy chili was good, the taste is there but it's kinda soupy and the texture is off, throw some more fixings in and top it off with some masa and it would be golden. The pork meatloaf sandwich was ok. I feel either the taste of the bbq sauce was off or there was too much of it or maybe both. Again a little tampering and this could be perfection. The menu is on a chalkboard which isn't easily eye accessible from every angle of the bar. I understand saving paper/trees/meaningless minutes wiping them down in the am (as I too have worked in the service industry) but it's super annoying to fight the crowd to take a gaze of tonight's fixings and I wasn't prepared that awesome epic Sarah would be able to repeat them exactly and didn't want to be an ass by assuming she would know them. Maybe put in another chalkboard menu near the door so those sitting there can see easier? And last but not least the crowd. I was actually very surprised that the workers there didn't want to do mortal combat battle against some of the patrons there who walked in the front door and did not so much as even glance to make sure the door closed behind them on a cold fall night. Patrons get your class together just because your in a place to be served doesn't mean you toss out all politeness and respect. 
Pros: Food is really great so far you can tell whoever is in charge is really passionate about what they do and uses quality ingredients that are fresh. Reasonably priced forthe most part. Beer selection is nice. And a very homey/punky feel to it. So far thisis a favorite of mine. Thank you staff at Sardine Bar, your effort and hardwork shows!! ; )New to the neighborhood and totally love this place upon first visit. The outside area is super relaxed with lawn chairs making you feel right at home. The service was very friendly, I could have sat there all night! The beer list is excellent as well with many fine craft brews to choose from. My choice of the night, Elysian Superfuzz, the taste of Summer. The food was tops as well...bologna slider, plancha sardines, fries with crack, I mean dill pickle sauce, and the short rib bahn mi. A great spot just far enough away that I won't be there everyday!i've been in this neighborhood since 1987, so to see a bar that's right up my alley and not on the other side of washington avenue is...interesting. especially since i'm not 100% comfortable with walking the 4 blocks here at night.
anyways, the food is great, the portions are huge. onion rings are mandatory with their wonderful spicy ranch dipping sauce. 
when they were taking a while to serve our food, the bartender gave us a round on the house. loves it. 
of course, i'm coming back.Nothing like a wonderful evening of copious smoke blowing in your eyes and smelling like a campfire when you get home because of crummy old low to the ground outdoor fire pits.  How hard would it be to get a couple of chimineas so smoke is diverted away from your paying customers?  I would suggest coming here in the summer or not coming at all, because the slow service and mediocre taplines aren't worth tolerating sort of a shabby-for-the-sake-of-shabby vibe.This place is boiling with potential.  The neighborhood, the space itself, the patio -- all are elements that could contribute to a great experience.  The beer selection is good. 
Tap lines, however, taste musty and the food is underseasoned, uninspired, and greasy. 
Too many new places are popping up offering affordable and delicous food.  Sardine Bar should take note of spots like Fountain Porter and Berg's Hideaway that serve simple but much tastier food at a good price point.I was finally able to check out ASB after hearing so many things about it before it opened (this review is being written a little belatedly!).  I was expecting great things because of how much I love South Philly Tap Room, and wasn't disappointed.  
Unfortunately I wasn't able to partake in the alcohol at this brunch, so I had to settle for trying sips of what my fiance was drinking.  They have an excellent selection of seasonal beers on tap.  The Bloody Mary was neither excellent nor horrible- nothing unique about it really, but still good.
Food was delish, especially the big white bowl of salty/peppery fries with what I believe was accompanied by some sort of tartar sauce dip.  I had the falafel sandwich which was great, but could easily feed a den of bears.  The Krab Cake sandwich (made with fake crab) was great!!  I would go back just to have that as my own order.
The area is a little sketchy, especially at night, so I don't think we'll be going there for late-night drinks...but who knows, stranger things have happened.  Definitely an awesome new brunch/lunch spot.Wow.... Great onion rings. Great beer list. Hubby had a sandwich , open face roast chicken, very nice. A small but very tasty side order of deep fried ribs and house salad rounded out the meal. Nice place , good crowd . Great thing to see in this neighborhood .