When AmeriThai opened in South Philly, I was perplexed by the menu; cheap curry and Thai noodles, but also hot dogs, cheesesteaks, and turkey sandwiches. For my inaugural trip, I stuck to the Thai section of the menu.
Crispy wings were not crispy as promised, but had a nice spicy and tangy, Thai influenced flavor.
Chicken satay was passable though not memorable; it wasn't dried out and was somewhat browned.
Pineapple fried rice was a bit overcooked, though there were plenty of veggies and it didn't suck for a big $6 plate. I am not quite sure if big, uneven pieces of tomato have a place in fried rice, but I could be wrong.
Pad thai was similarly overcooked, which resulted in clumpiness, but at least it didn't suffer from over sweetness. I wonder if the cooking issues are a consequence of doing take out rather than eating in. The mungbean hand was quite overzealous.
In a town where curries run watery, the thickness of AmeriThai's massaman was a treat. The $8 bowl (with beef) was the best of the day; a warm, aromatic bowl with potatoes, carrots, onions, and peanuts.
Was passing on hotdogs a mistake? Maybe. Besides the curry, the food here is pretty middle of the road, though I definitely not find the place or its food as gross as  Victor did.This is a really solid Thai neighborhood takeout. The prices are reasonable and the quality is consistently good. They are friendly and efficient. We really enjoy the crazy noodles and pumpkin curry. As if the food and service didn't suffice, they give out free Goldberg's peanut chews.
   They need to get an answering machine and update their website when they go on vacation.Believe the good reviews. This is a fantastic little Thai place nestled in South Philly in a reasonably good location.
I could use lots of superlatives to describe the range of flavors that were presented but the bottom line is: excellent food at reasonable prices with quick service and fun staff -including a good sense of humor. 
I get the sense this is a family operation but I will tell you there is nothing amateur about what they deliver. This is my new go to Asian food stop in South Philly. 
By the way if you go ask for the pumpkin soup. It's a freaking religious experience.Great food. The curry and noodle dishes are delicious. Quick turn around time for meal ordering in takeout. I'm a frequent here for Thai food cravings!Very delicious Chicken Pad Thai
Shrimp Tom Yum Soup can make it spicier. 
Good combination of Red Curry and Coconut Rice.
Will come visit next timeI should have known better. I should have walked away when she asked if I have cash when I presented my credit card. "Credit costs money," she said. I did have some money I just took out of the ATM for another purpose. She said "$13." [ The cost of Tofu Pad Thai in the menu is $12. With 8% tax, should be $12.96. Woah, wait, first you are going to tell me that the credit card machine costs YOU money, but then you are going to take EXTRA money, albeit $0.04 from me? I almost walked out of the store at that point, but then decided my hunger was greater [it's my own fault] and I didn't want to argue. I immediately decided I would never come back. Sorry, there are other, better places that will treat a customer right with way better food. [cough, Circles]
The food was a huge portion. You're thinking, "Well that's good!" Yeah it is if the food doesn't taste like $9.99 buffet style noodles. For whatever reason there was NO spice whatever, it was mushy, with mostly carrots, and little bean sprouts...and it tasted strongly of tomato sauce, not fish sauce and tamarind.
You had one thing to do. ONE THING, and you blew it. Yeah, that peanut chew you gave was definitely no redemption.  I am mad about the taste more than anything, I rarely order out anymore, this was the first time in WEEKS, and it's gross. Disappointing, I expected much more.3.5 stars: ordered the tofu pad Thai, tom yum noodle soup, and shrimp rolls. Shrimp rolls were not that great...oddly long and not enough shrimp in the rolls...literally half of the roll contained shrimp and the other half empty. Pad Thai was a bit spicy for 3 stars but tasted okay. Tom yum soup was bland...had to add pineapples for flavoring. Prob will try the fried rice in the future.I have yet to dine in the restaurant but I will admittedly say I have ordered takeout from AmeriThai more times than I can remember - they are THE BEST takeout Thai I have had in our city. The service is phenomenal and anything on the menu is delicious. Also, Thai is typically on the $$$ side of ordering out, but you get the bang for your buck here. Their prices are lower than their competitors and you get a lot of food. Planning to stay a loyal customer!Curry is very creamy (got the massaman curry with tofu). Mango tea was creamy and bubbles had no flavor. AmeriThai does accept cards for charges of minimum $20.One of my favorite thai restaurant to go too. Best seafood tum yum noodles soup, mango sticky rice dessert and fortune bag appetizer. Very authentic thai food. Reasonable price and the best part they accept debit/credit cards minimum of 20 bucks.  I wouldn't go to any other place.This restaurant has decent food. We ordered the green curry with chicken and teriyaki chicken. Green curry was ok. The teriyaki chicken was better. I would only go back during lunch hour because $12 is pricey for the food quality. However, the service was great. Very friendly lady at the counter. There is also a good amount of vegan and vegetarian options.This place is absolutely amazing! I wish I had pictures to upload but these are must haves!!!
They have the BEST Garlic basil duck with Amerithai hot!
Sweet potato puffs
Quail with chilli sauce
Frog legs are to die for!!!
IF I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE 1,000 STARS I WOULD! And their fast delivery definitely puts them at the top of the chain.Very authentic Thai Lao food I'm so happy that I found out it's had this wonderful restaurant like AmeriThaiI ate here last night with three friends and we all cleaned our plates! Two of us had the Red Curry, one had Vegetarian Delight and one had Crazy Noodles, all were excellent, and much cheaper than Circles.
YES, the service was a bit amateur. The waitress was very young, didn't know what a wine key was, and didn't seem to know the ingredients of all the dishes (which we had to ask about because only some items on the menu had descriptions. And some are mislabeled- for example, the salmon dish is called "Black Bean Sauce"). Also, there didn't seem to be a bathroom for customers. Since I live half a block away that's not a problem for me. 
I will definitely be going back. As soon as I finished my Red Curry I wished I had another one, it was amazing! It had just the right amount of spice that I like without me even having to ask.
Also, they were playing Top 40 radio in the dining room. Kind of weird.
I had to call to find this out, but they are BYOB.Likable staff, and fantastic tom-yum.I really like it here. I generally get evil jungle princess or crazy noodles, and they are delicious. Having just been to Thailand a couple months ago, this place really satisfies my cravings!I recently moved to LoMo and am a huge Thai food fan- I've frequented so many Philly Thai places which were fair to ok- I can't believe how good this restaurant is. My husband and I had the Massaman Curry, Thai Dumplings and Quesadilla. It was quick, super affordable, creative, and easily the best Thai food I've ever had in Philly. I can't wait to order from here again!The Chu Chee duck is the best thing I've ever had delivered. The duck skin was crispy and the meat was moist and soft with a super satisfying cream sauce. I ordered it today for the second day this week and they were sold out - again! That's how good the duck is.I eagerly waited for this place to open and ordered take-out their second week of business. Someone took my order, then called me back a few minutes later to tell me one of the items I ordered wasn't available after all.  Oops! While that's an honest mistake for a new business, I was totally disappointed with the food. I ordered items that are typically spicy and received food that was under-seasoned and bland. I'll probably try a few other dishes before I give up, but I was execting much better.I had to find a break between stuffing my face with this delicious food to write a quick review. I ordered two items for pickup and got the call that it was ready only 7 minutes after sending the order! Everything I've tried so far has been delicious, and the ladies are so sweet. This is my go-to Thai takeout!Enjoyed a delicious lunch special .Angry Princess (chicken).fresh ingredients., spicy not too much heat.it came with a bowl of miso soup.very delicate in subtle flavors.The youngman who took my order wasn't very helpful in suggesting anything off the menu.Ordered delivery...food came pretty quick which was solid delivery driver was a good guy which was Also solid.
Ordered the chicken satay shrimp and chicken pad thai crazy(drunken)noodles and wonton soup 
The chicken satay was big portions and had solid flavor
Pad Thai's were better than average good size 
Crazy noodles some of the best I had lots of chicken veggies and noodles next time will get it more spicy
Wonton noodle soup my favorite out the dishes very flavorful liked the thin noodles and flavor we very solid 
Overall highly solid will definitely eat here more oftenBelieve the good reviews. This is a fantastic little Thai place nestled in South Philly in a reasonably good location.
I could use lots of superlatives to describe the range of flavors that were presented but the bottom line is: excellent food at reasonable prices with quick service and fun staff -including a good sense of humor. 
I get the sense this is a family operation but I will tell you there is nothing amateur about what they deliver. This is my new go to Asian food stop in South Philly. 
By the way if you go ask for the pumpkin soup. It's a freaking religious experience. 
Same verse, second stanza. Frickin outstanding. And NOBODY eats in at this BYOB. Idiots. In phila? Really? No worries. 
More room for me anytimeI frequent AmeriThai a lot during lunch time and also order take out and delivery.  Service is always excellent.  The owner is always smiling and always friendly and she remembers my name every time. Everything that I've tried was delicious.  I've had the pad thai, crazy noodles, nhem khao, papaya salad, Tom yum soup and the pho.  The only thing is some of the dishes are spicy and it doesn't state it in the menu.  So when ordering, make sure to ask if it is spicy or not and tell them how you handle your spice.  The nhem khao and papaya salad were both way too spicy for me when I first ordered them.  But when I told them my preference of spice it was good.  Definitely worth a try!The food is pretty good but they are terrible with consistency. They do not stick to their hours and are almost always closed. I would suggest going to another Thai place in the area (there are plenty!)This is my favorite Thai places to go to. The location is a little off the path of some of the other Thai restaurants, so I was very happy and surprised to find this place. I have to confess I've been to a lot of Thai places, and amerithai beat any I've been to. even ratchata and they make absolutely amazing food. I'm still working my way down the menu but I've had the Spicy string bean, chicken noodle soup, and any curry. this place is great and should really not be over looked.We live around the block and were very excited when we heard a new Thai restaurant was opening! Since going there twice I have had a great experience both times.
I haven't eaten in yet, but so far my take out experience has been good. The first time I got the Pad Thai and my girlfriend got the Basil Fried Rice. Both dishes were excellent and the portions were fairly large. Plus when I showed up and asked about the bubble tea (i had no idea they had it), the young girl at the counter immediately asked if I wanted one with my order, and proceeded to make me a tea very quickly so I didn't have to wait any longer for my pick up order. The bubble tea wasn't the best, but the food easily made up for it. 
The second time I stopped in, we only ordered a side of spring rolls as a snack. When I showed up to pick up my food the owner came out and explained that they were out of spring rolls - to make up for it, she had an order of egg rolls already ready for me, and completely on the house! I think that shows great initiative in customer service and care for their customers - she was very apologetic and nice about the entire situation and I really appreciated the free appetizer. 
Overall, the food is fantastic, the prices are fair for the amount of food you receive, and the ambiance is somewhat lacking. I'd recommend doing take out!Great, flavorful food at very reasonable prices. Insanely fast delivery.  My only complaint is that the spiciness is a little inconsistent.  I usually order a 3/5 and never know exactly what I'll get. Sometimes it's quite mild and other times it's got some serious heat.Needed to have a quick lunch close bye in South Philly. Read the reviews and thought I would give it a try. The Summer rolls are some of the best I have ever eaten. Fresh and tasty. The Tom Yum, soup was delicious along with the Best pad Thai. Price was reasonable and I will be returning in the future.I remember walking past this place before it officially opened and was very eager to try something (it had a calendar pic for tom yum so of course I would be attracted to it...).
I finally stopped in here today. Even from the outside I noticed the tables were set with really pretty and colorful cloth and napkins; the decor is very homey. The main chef/waitress greeted me and my friend and informed us of the lunch special (main course + soup or salad), I decided to get masaman curry and a side of tom yum and he had ordered the pineapple fried rice (sans pineapple...lol) with tom yum. We also got the Thai iced coffee. The coffee came out first but it was too sweet for me; I usually drink coffee black; but he enjoyed it, so I gave it to him. Then the tom yum came out and WOW it was so good. It's my favorite meal in the world and it was done right, it had a bit of kick and was very bright and flavorful, the veggies in it were nice and fresh. The masaman curry with chicken was very rich but everything was totally fresh and the carrots still had a little bite to them and the chicken was really tender; the textures of that with the rice and its richness was perfection. The waitress was super nice and gave me extra bowls of rice. Those dishes totally hit the spot for me. For my friend: he enjoyed the fried rice. It has more veggies than most take out places but I'd totally try that later on.
The main chef was very attentive and kept checking up on us and was SUPER sweet. My friend got his side of soup to try (it wasn't disgusting, he just wasn't used to the taste) and she even offered to make another dish for him to try. And when we were done, she took our plates and he offered to straighten it out for her (he used to work in a restaurant) and she quietly said "No...it's okay, we're here to take care of you."
The younger waitress (daughter?? daughter and friend?? daughterS?) was so sweet and was the one who gave my friend his rice w/o pineapple and profusely apologized not realizing it didn't say no pineapple on the ticket. It's all good in the hood.
Totally check this place out, it is very new (top 40 radio in the background, paper menus) but it has great potential.The food is pretty good but they are terrible with consistency. They do not stick to their hours and are almost always closed. I would suggest going to another Thai place in the area (there are plenty!)You know how you get chinese take out and you know that it's bad chinese but you get it anyways cause it's satisfying and cheap? This is that same experience but with Thai food and more expensive. 
Got the Pad see ew, it was pretty dry, not enough sauce. The coconut soup isn't that great either. Try Circle instead, their coconut soup is AMAZING along with their noodles and curry. It's a little more expensive but I think that it's much more worth it to be honest.Glad to have another Thai option in South Philly.  I've ordered take out from them twice now and it seems like they have had some growing pains that they are working out.  The first time, I ordered a chicken pad thai.  The serving size was ok and it tasted good (although I like mine with a little bit of heat- I should have mentioned that to them).  
The second time, I ordered tofu drunken noodles (or whatever name they have for them- crazy noodles?) and my husband got the tofu pad thai.  I noticed that the pad thai serving size was noticeably larger on this visit.  Interesting.  My drunken noodles were pretty good but could have been a bit spicier.  On a future visit, I'm going to request more heat.
Like other Yelpers have mentioned, the ambiance isn't great for dining in.  I'd recommend only doing take out.  While it is MUCH cheaper than "the other Thai place in South Philly" (we all know who I'm talking about!), I find the quality is slighly lower than its nearby competitor.  But the price ($9 for a noodle dish with tofu), portion size, and tastiness is definitely going to make me a return visitor.Came here to check back and they've fixed up the papaya salad.  It seems to be back where it needed to be, hot as Hades with shrimp (no more out of place fried chicken) and lots of flavor.  Wonton noodle soup is pretty solid, the wontons taste of a little shrimp, ground pork, lots of white pepper, and have a nice bouncy texture.  I think the wrappers are the square Twin Marquis brand ones I get from 6th and Washington and the noodles I think are also Twin Marquis brand wonton egg noodles.  I don't think the stock is made in the restaurant from bones, but they do doctor it up with garlic and dried seafood to get that Southeast Asian flavor going on a bit.  I think the good stuff to order here, though, is the curries, papaya salad, naem khao, and any Thai basil stir fried dish.  You might miss out on some flavor if you don't get 'em spicy though, because the curry pastes are going to have chiles already mixed in with the other ingredients.  I haven't tried the dumplings on their appetizer menu, but if they are made in house like the wontons are, I would imagine those would also be quite good!Very delicious and superb service. Nina and the rest of the staff were very friendly and gracious. We had the chicken satay, pineapple rice, chicken red curry, and mango sticky rice. Get you some Ameri-Thai!Was not a fan of this place. Very bland curry that lacked the complexity you would expect let alone the heat. Crab Rangoon was so forgetful my husband just reminded me we ordered it. 
Girl at the counter was sweet. Seems like they're going through some opening pains...Wow. Came for the lunch with a coworker, because of their close proximity to our location and their lunch specials. 
When you hear about an $8 lunch special, it's not an automatic assumption that you get the full portion--but that is the case here! In addition to a soup or salad, you also get a full entree for $8. Such a great deal! Especially when you consider the quality of what comes to your table. 
The only soup option for the lunch special is the Tom Yum soup--mushrooms, onions, basil in a lemongrass broth. It was sooooo good, flavorful and fresh, and a good size portion too. 
Next up came the entrées...I got Mango Chicken and my friend the "Crazy Noodles" which anywhere else would be Drunk Noodles. Huge portions, more than either of us could finish even if we hadn't just had soup. Plenty of meat and veggies in both--my mango chicken had stir-fried chicken, bok choy, carrots, broccoli, onions, and mango in a mango sauce (sweet but not too sweet) with a side of plain sticky rice. 
I left full and satisfied, with a full meal for another time. Can't wait to eat it :)
We'll definitely be back, and we'll be bringing friends! We'll also be trying the "dine-in special" of half-priced apps when we do! (M-Th, 11-7, with purchase of an entrée).
Enjoy your meal!Wow I did not expect this place to be as good as it is. Definitely my new favorite take out restaurant. The Pad See Euw with Tom Yum Soup, maybe the best 2 things I've ever eaten. I highly suggest trying them. Everyone who works there seems really nice too.Solely basing the review  on one small takeout order. 
Ordered Tom Yum Soup with vegetables (medium) and Thai iced tea for take out and I was disappointed with both. First of all, medium soup seemed like small size and I was charged $12 for both which I thought was outrageous. I could get a whole meal entree and soup for $12 at any other Thai restaurants. 
Thai tea was meh, I have had much better Thai teas at other Thai restaurants in Philly. 
Tom Yum soup was nothing special. It had more of a spicy flavor than anything with Thai flavors. 
Service was friendly and order was ready on time.
Since my order was so small, I will definitely give this place another try for entrees and apps.I have been searching for a good thai place in south philly and I finally found one! My meal was awesome! The spring rolls are not what you would expect from typical Asian restaurants- they are much more authentic and absolutely delicious. The pad Thai was fantastic as well. I will definitely be back!After a year of being open, I feel like Amerithai has worked out some of the earlier kinks.  They now offer delivery, they removed all those weird American items (who in their right mind would order a hot dog at a Thai restaurant??), and seems to have stabilized their prices (I remember them fluctuating a lot at the beginning-- to the point where I didn't have enough cash because the website wasn't accurate!).  Also, they finally have a decent website and I believe you can order online via Grubhub.
I really like their portion sizes and everything I have ordered has been delicious.  I have yet to dine in, but I would definitely recommend trying out AmeriThai when a Thai craving hits you!I am shocked Philly is not talking about this restaurant. Food here is far more flavorful and authentic in comparison to other Thai restaurants in center city and ritten house area.
This is my new go to place. Since I live in center city, and they deliver I may find myself eating here far often than wanted
I tried following and recommend every single one of them
Vege spring rolls
Crab Rangoon
Tom yum soup
Drunken noodles ( crazy noodles)
Basil fried rice
Masoman curry
Red curry 
Mango with sticky rice
I went with several friends, and everyone gave thumbs up to this restaurant. By not trying out this restaurant u are depriving yourself from an exquisite Thai food experience.Randomly decided to order from here while babysitting my niece. My boyfriend and I got the Thai burrito, AMAZING. We only ordered the one time but from other reviews I saw I guess their lunch special is a great deal. People in south Philly need to know about this place, seems like the only game in town and it's worth it!Did a search on yelp for Thai food in south Philly and found this place. I'm so glad I didn't shy away!
I ordered the fresh rolls, Yum Naem Khao Salad, green curry, and the coconut custards.
The fresh rolls were made as expected with shrimp, mint leaves, rice noodles, etc and tasted fine. Nothing spectacular but not bad either, kinda like "oh, yep, it's a fresh summer roll." The peanut sauce that comes with them is somewhat dark & thick and fairly tasty. 
The yum naem khao salad was fantastic. The right blend of cilantro, basil, just everything in proportioned amounts... Very tasty. Nice and crisp in all the right places. I'll totally order it again. 
I ordered the green curry in medium spice, with chicken, and with brown rice. Holy cow, it was quite robust and with a little spice kick that didn't over power the flavor. I dislike when places fill the curry with loads of onions, wasting valuable real estate for tastier foods. That didn't happen here - Only a few on top. The chicken was fully cooked and not rubbery. The brown rice was a wonderful addition and was very soft. Bonus: there was no up charge for ordering brown rice vs white rice. Thank you for that! 
Finished off the meal with coconut custards. These desserts are served in tiny ceramic dishes and I would describe them as baked moshi. It's two layers of gelatinous goodness. Eat with a tiny utensil or it will be over too quickly.
Service was fast. The person I dealt with was incredibly friendly. Overall, a good food experience at a reasonable price.Love adding another solid takeout place to the local list. 
I'm a traditionalist with it comes to crab rangoon - pass me the duck sauce. However, AmeriThai's rangoons were cooked perfectly and came with some kind of mystery sauce that blew my mind and changed up the experience, which was great!
Both their Pad Thai and Pineapple Rice were very good and the portions were very generous.
Staff is super nice, and now spend $20 and you can pay with credit card.
The restaurant is really cute, and really clean - so I'd definitely be up for a sit-down meal as well.I was eagerly anticipating the opening of AmeriThai, and I am thoroughly satisfied with my overall experience. My fiance and I prefer to dine-in at new restaurants to get a better feel on the quality, freshness, preparation, and presentation of the food and I am glad we did.
Atmostphere
Although the space is small, the the dining area works well for the space they are in. The decor is simple and the room is clean and comfortable. 
Service/Food
The waitress was polite, took our order quickly, and the food was brought out in no time at all. I had the green curry with beef and brown rice and my fiance had the green curry with chicken and brown rice, both made extra spicy. Both of us were extremely satisfied with our order. 
Overall AmeriThai is a really great addition to the neighborhood. The service was fast, the food was delicious, and everything is very reasonably priced. I am looking forward to going back so that I can try some of the other items on the menu. 
Helpful tips:
-Cash only
-BYOBI've had the pad Thai, red curry and iced tea. I am so happy to have more Thai in south Philly and it's way more affordable than Circles. Its small and simple, It's not really a place you go and sit down for meal but I love getting take-out - I'm going there again tonight!!If I could give 1 star, I would. Rice tasted like it was frozen, then over microwaved. Shrimp crazy noodles had 5 quarter sized shrimp, watery , not stir fried. Chicken Green curry had hardly any green curry. Don't do it.great tasting thai; cute lil byo eat in option with fun music videos playing in the corner; accomodating and friendly service and great for take out / delivery as well!First time ordering from AmeriThai (via GrubHub) last night, and it was a great experience! We ordered the appetizer platter, papaya salad, and pad thai with chicken - all were extremely fresh and flavorful. Papaya salad in particular was not overdressed and had two very good sized nicely cooked shrimp. Appetizer platter was generous and inexpensive! Pad thai (ordered with a 3/5 heat level) was also great - sprouts were fresh and plentiful, chicken was cooked well (could have been spicier, we'd do a 4 next time). 4 stars simply because we've only ordered once (can't speak to consistency or to other menu items - will definitely try the curry, tom yum soup, & drunken noodles SOON), and with delivery fee ($3?!?!?), tax & tip our order (1 main, 2 apps) was just over $45. 
OH! Super fast! GrubHub said an hour, delivery was made in about 30 minutes! FYI!Tom Yum Soup - exactly as flavorful as the others mentioned. Mildly spicy, sour, salty, and a delicious mix of other strong flavors.
Papaya Salad - they asked what level of spicy and I said medium It was substantially more spicy than the soup, so I'm curious how crazy it'd get if I asked for very spicy. Thin strips of green papaya on top of lettuce, with peanut halves, onions, carrots, tomatoes and string beans. Unexpectedly, it also came with two big strips of chicken fingers. Nowhere was this mentioned on the menu. I had no problems since they were tasty, but this might not be a good surprise to Vegetarians, Vegans or folks with food restrictions.
Tofu Pad Thai - on the sour side but still delicious, a solid choice.
Thai Ice Tea - Strong, just the way I like it and expect it. It came with a plastic straw that had the paper covering half-removed and twisted in a fancy looking way, but I sucked up a bit of paper that was not completely removed.
Atmosphere is nice, colorful table cloths and what seems to be a mix of Hindu/Buddhist decorative art.
Good value in terms of price, and it could be in flux, as mentioned below, they've crossed out prices on the menu. I've noticed price deductions and price hikes.
Everyone is right about the kinks that need to be worked out. I called to order pickup and I arrive about 10 minutes later. I was greeted by two friendly servers, but when I said I'm picking up, they initially didn't expect it, then realize someone else took that order and didn't put it down on paper. Maybe that also meant it wasn't placed because at first she said it'll be ready in 5 minutes. After 5 minutes she said we're sorry the food is taking a long time, and offered me any drink on the menu for free while I waited. That is a very nice gesture, which is why I won't deduct points for the straw paper in my drink. When my food finally arrives, the server lists what I ordered and said Chicken Pad Thai. I ordered tofu and said, well at this point I'll just take that since I didn't want to wait anymore. She doubled checked with the kitchen, turns out it was tofu, she just got it mixed up. The lid on the plastic soup container was not closed securely and so much soup came out walking 4 blocks home that the paper bag it was held in was completely destroyed. Also, not a fan of styrofoam containers used for the other food.
Overall, I'm happy with this place and will gladly come again. The young servers were super pleasant and hopefully will learn from experience.One of my favorite places to go! We wanted an authentic Thai experience and AmeriThai is it!! The food is always wonderful and the service is amazing. Our server Nina was soooo sweet (her and my fiancé always have great conversations and she knows her Thai food!)
If you want a true Thai cuisine...this is the place! My fiancé has been to Thailand and he said it was like "being back in Thailand".This place is small. 6 to 7 tables. Decorated with Laos accents. We walked in and were seated by our waitress, hostess, food runner. Lol. They are definitely new at the food service business.
We ordered out drinks. Two Thai teas and a sprite. The Thai tea here is excellent. Sweet, earthy and creamy. It's perfect. We ordered Tum yum goong (shrimp) was good but could have been served hotter. Yum woon sen (seafood) was served with imitation crab meat, shrimp and squid. Flavor for this dish is good. Yum neu (beef) is good. On the smaller side but good. Som Tum (papaya salad) was great. I asked for 5 hot peppers. This was spicy good. Larp gai was excellent. Authentic and spicy. I'd highly recommend this dish if you were looking for what Laos food can dish out. Lol. Nam khao is a rice salad. It is also excellent. Last but not least. Fried bananas. This was pretty good.
Overall, this place is authentic in flavors. It is a hidden gem with really good food. Service could be alittle better and I think it will come with time and more experience. Until then I leave this place with a 4 star. 
Parking is pretty easy to find.Decided to give this place a try for the first time. I'm pretty satisfied with the food. Very flavorful and reasonable priced. I would definitely come back when I crave for Thai food. For those who likes tom yum soup I would definitely recommend the tom yum noodle soup.Came here for lunch.
The place is nice and clean.
The hostess is very nice and attentive. 
They have a really good lunch special deal.
$8 for miso soup or salad with an entree.
My favorite thai dish is Drunken noodle. I was looking forward to ordering that dish.
However, i couldn't find it on the menu. :(
Saw another dish that i thought was similar to drunken noodle called CRAZY NOODLE (guess being drunken and crazy is similar right? People go crazy when they are drunk.)
I order my dish with the miso soup. Thought it was kinda weird that they offer that soup instead of the Tom Yum. 
The Miso soup had a lot of tofu and seaweed, more so than any other miso soup that i've tried in the past. However, i feel like they didn't use enough soybean paste for the soup and it was a little salty.
The crazy noodle dish was nowhere near the drunken noodle dish. It was too sweet for my liking. 
I also had a chance to try  Pad thai. I thought the pad thai dish was sweet also. I think they over did it with the sauce. The noodle looks too wet. 
My favorite dish is their mango rice pudding. The rice has a nice coconut aroma. It was topped with a few slices of mango and  finish it  off with drizzle of condense milk. 
Will i come back to this place? I MIGHT if i'm really in the mood for thai and don't feel like driving, since this place is within walking distance from where i live.Very tasty curries and soups!    We ordered a variety through Grubhub and everyone was happy with their choices.    The crab Rangoon appetizer was definitely not run of the mill.   It wasn't super cheesy, but it had nicely spiced veggies inside.    The wonton noodle soup with bok choy and bean sprouts was perfect on a chilly day.   The wontons were thin skinned and the broth was great.    
All the curries were flavorful, but a spice level of 4 was barely spicy at all.   So if you like heat I'd ask for Thai spicy or a 5 at least.    Also the packaging was really leaky.    All the curry platters were a mess by the time we got them.   Otherwise, no complaints!Finding good Thai food in south philly isn't easy. There's plenty of Cambodian, Mexican, & Vietnamese (all delicious), but when you're in the mood for Thai options it can be tough. AmeriThai is a great go to place. I've never eaten there, but the take out services is excellent. I've called ahead as well as got off the subway on Snyder and walked in. When I ordered in house, they offered me a water which was so nice and were very pleasant to speak with. The food was ready in about 12 mins. I had the pad Thai and Panang curry...both very good & huge portions! We had had leftovers.Everything we ordered was delicious. I had mango iced tea and red curry tofu with sticky rice. We had mango sticky rice for dinner. I'm going back soon!After hearing very good reviews from my friends, I decided to come here for dinner with my family (9 ppl). We decided to do a family style dinner so we can try out everything. It wasnt a busy night so the food came out quick. We ordered curry puffs for each person, fried Udon noodle, crispy duck (level 5 hot),  crab fried rice, Papaya salad (I recommended level 3 hot), red curry, and a Udon soup dish. Everything was amazing! I would definitely come back to try out more of their food! And what's great about it is that it's byob!What a gem! The waitresses were as sweet as pie! When mom is in the kitchen of a restaurant using grandmother's recipes you can't miss.  We had green curry with brown rice and chicken, udon noodles with pork, and pineapple fried rice. My favorite part was figuring out how spicy to make everything with the waitress. We decided on 5 out of 10 because she didn't want to hurt us, but next time bring on a 10. TOM YUM soup is a must have.Have yet to try to food. But their customer service is very friendly, nice people 
I've only had their drinks so far. From, uhh. Avocado smoothie with jelly, and (x2)Honeydew boba tea . Gonna check in rehab soon due to my addictivenessThis is a really solid Thai neighborhood takeout. The prices are reasonable and the quality is consistently good. They are friendly and efficient. We really enjoy the crazy noodles and pumpkin curry. As if the food and service didn't suffice, they give out free Goldberg's peanut chews.This was a disappointment. The food didn't have much flavor, the Thai Iced Tea tasted watery and the service was lackluster. All that and it was pricey as well.On the corner of 13th & Snyder in South Philly, AmeriThai was a pleasant respite on a steamy late June afternoon. Although as colorful as a Thai temple with rusty orange hues and elephants abounding, sitting in a quiet corner with the air cooling only ourselves, it felt a chill oasis. 
The menu offered plenty of choices from soup to noodles, curry to bigger game like chicken, pork, beef and duck. We order Chu Chee Duck and Crazy Noodles, with appetizer of Curry Puffs. 
In reverse order; the Curry Puffs reminded of Indian Samosas -  Sweet and White Mashed Potato, Onion, Peas,  mixed in mild Curry powder, deep fried, with semi-sweet/spicy Chili Dipping Sauce in a small brass dish. Excellently golden. Crisp shell. Tasty innards. Tart sauce. Liked it a lot!
The Crazy (Drunken) Noodles with tender Sliced Beef was a load and a half with big Fat Noodles, Veggies, and hot spicies. Plenty of dry Chili Pepper flakes in the mix. So glad we had Thai Iced Tea to tamp down the flames. 
Chu Chee Duck had wonderfully crisp skin, moist delicious meat and a pale orange cream curry sauce. This became slightly sloppy finger food, as every morsel was too good to miss and required close examination and tongue probing to suck it all off the bone. 
There are many very good Thai houses in and around Philly, and AmeriThai is certainly one. It is a little frayed around the edges, but it fits well with the neighborhood. Others mentioned that the kitchen is inconsistent, but I don't know about that yet. What I know is that when they get it right, it is an excellent place for dinner.Really amazing Thai food! I have gotten take out from here twice and have been impressed both times. (This included pad thai, tom yum, and the summer rolls) The prices are great and the quality of the food is incredibly high! Definitely worth stopping in!  Believe the good reviews.Tried this place for take out and it was eh. Chicken basil fried rice came in a huge portion but did not have enough flavor. Massaman curry was good but we asked for level 3 spice and there was no spice at all. Summer rolls was a disappointment because it was all veggies and noodles and like three pieces of meat. The worst was the crab Rangoon, it was super oily and did not have enough filling.  $50 for this was not worth it. Go somewhere else for Thai!!A friend of mine in LV owns a Thai restaurant and is THE most amazing cook. Amerithai is the first place to hold a candle to Nittaya. 
Right on Snyder ave this place is a gem and really cute. The wait staff is sweet. They even know to ask, "American or Thai medium " vs just accepting 'medium'.Friendly staff and tasty food. Definitely slanted more for Western tastes, but I am white so I love it! Their crazy noodles are tasty, and you can never go wrong with a big bubble tea!I already gave Amerithai a great review, but I need to do it again. Every single time we eat there it's absolutely delicious. I think I have had every vegetarian thing possible now, and I loved it all. Eating my leftovers now and was so inspired to share how much I love their cooking.My friend suggested we stop here for lunch a couple of weeks ago. The flavored either weren't to our liking or the food was way too salty. Not a place I'd revisit.I was given about an hour wait for delivery, that was normal. My food showed up an hour an a half later, cold, and with the wrong soda, I ordered 2 cokes, and received 1 diet coke. I called the restaurant to see what can be done about my 30$ that I just wasted on cold take-out.  The person who answered the phone was very nice and polite, and replaced my order.  The new order, got to my house in 20 mins, with the correct amount and kinda of soda.  Not going to order from there again, the food did not taste good, and the "crispy" chicken wings were mush, and drowned in sauce.I live around the corner, and was so excited when they FINALLY opened.... and it is awesome! 
5 of my friends and I came in on a Friday evening around 8:30pm. BYOB which is great. We ordered the sampler appetizer platter to start. Everything was very tasty. The chicken satay was incredible. The crab Rangoon was good, not earth shattering, but tasty. It came with a bunch of other stuff, which was all very quickly eaten. ($14)
I asked our waitress to culinary transport me to Thailand, and she recommended the Tom Yum Soup. - It is crack. I am addicted. I can't wait to have it again. Spicy, tangy with shrimp and mushrooms. It is incredible. Seriously, it is on my list of "when can I get my next fix"  It is on the same level with the soup dumplings from Dim Sum Garden. Like i seriously may have to go back in the middle of this review. .....
I had the crazy noodles. - Awesome, I really enjoyed it. 
My friends had the Pad Thai - Tasty. good size servings. They seemed pleased with their pick.
I would like to go back and try the curries as they looked really good on the menu. 
Speaking of the menu, it actually had some printed prices crossed off, with lower prices written in.....which surprised me as, normally when that happens the price goes up. All the prices were reasonable, in fact, I was kinda worried that some of them were too low. Like we might go out of business because we are giving our food away low prices. But truly, very affordable.
Total bill for 5 people (5 entrees, $14 sampler platter, 2 soups) was around $70.
Atmosphere was pleasant and clean. Gorgeous table linens, cloth napkins. Open kitchen concept. Q102 playing the background. 
My friends and I had a great time, LOVED the food, and will certainly return!I would love to order from this place if they ever answered their phone!  
It's funny, you are able to get a business loan, store front , remodel the place, put a menu together, hire a chef , make tasty food,  but you aren't able to answer the phone to get customers to give you money!? 
Crazy.   I'll try for the 9th time in a row to call.   Oh and their answering machine is full so you can't even leave a messagethis was my first time eating thai food. the staff was very nice and attentive. their pad thai was excellent. definitely going back very soon!We have had AmeriThai both delivered and in-person, and it was waaaaay better in person. Great staff, pretty good food. I'm from Seattle, where delicious Thai food abounds, and this is not that. But it's good for the area and we enjoy the food. 
We have had the Phad Thai, Drunken Noodles, a few of the curries, spring rolls, and fried rice, all vegan versions. They have a great selection for plant-powered eaters. Two recommendations for them: 
1) Would recommend they fry their tofu (rather than serve soft) since it has absolutely no flavor and too soft a texture otherwise. Those who want it "healthy" can request it unfried rather than the other way around. 
2) More veggies please!  (This goes for most Thai places in the area.)
Overall, a great choice if you're craving some Thai food.My daughter and I ate her a few weeks ago. The small room was nice and the service was great. The food came to us fast. 
Our appetizers were spring rolls, crab rangoons, and tulip dumplings. . The rangoons and rolls were good and tasty. The tulip dumplings we really didnt like because of the texture. 
My daughter had crazy noodles with seafood and I had Tilapia with shrimp. Both were good.  Also we had thai ice coffee. Was sooo good. 
Going there tonight.  This time we are bringing are byobVery good!  Authentic and fresh.  I highly recommend the green curry, massaman curry, spring rolls, and fried bananas dessert.Thai place that delivers. Pretty good pad thai, and they even put a couple peanut chews in the bag because it was Halloween! Very nice of them.I would've gave this thai restaurant a 4 star , but the food is very inconsistent. This is the 3rd time I bought seafood tom yum noodles soup to go. It feels like a hit or a miss.   the soup is very spicy I couldn't  enjoy it or take a bite. I'll give this place another try. Next time I'll ask for no spice.3.5 stars: ordered the tofu pad Thai, tom yum noodle soup, and shrimp rolls. Shrimp rolls were not that great...oddly long and not enough shrimp in the rolls...literally half of the roll contained shrimp and the other half empty. Pad Thai was a bit spicy for 3 stars but tasted okay. Tom yum soup was bland...had to add pineapples for flavoring. Prob will try the fried in the future.