Had been wanting to come here for a while, since I won't pay Vetri prices for food, and loved the pizza at Osteria. We were a bit diappointed, though. This was New Year's Day at 6pm, so the place was pretty empty. Service was fast and courteous and helpful. Somehow though, it was loud. And though the music wasn't loud, it was classic rock. I'm a fan, but it in no way fits here. Perhaps it's the play between the bar and the restaurant atmosphere mixing in a small space?
Anyway, the food:
Swordfish meatballs - excellent
Striped bass crudo - good
Rotini with wild boar ragu and pears - very good
squid ink linguine - good
We expected excellent all aorund, but the prices were in line with the quality. We'll have to try again to give it another chance.We live next door, just moved here and thought we would give Ami's a try for Sunday brunch. I had the hazelnut, maple waffle and my husband had the scrapple with sunny side up eggs. We also had a Bloody Mary and mimosa. Every bite was delicious and the cocktails were superb! We enjoyed the sidewalk table and had excellent service. Looking forward to bringing our friends here!Amis was possibly the best meal ive had in the city in a very long time. It was so good because every aspect of the experience was spectacular. We wanted to try everything because it was so hard to choose just one or two things. So we got about three different appetizers, three anit-pastas, two pasta dishes and two desserts.  That's the way to go!  The veal tongue and octopus were incredible. The papparadell was aldente and melted in your mouth. We got two caraffes of red wine and I topped the night off with a hazelnut chocolate tartufo and a macchiato.  Our bill was so reasonable. I got out of there well under $75 with tip per person.... $75 for all that food!  Our only complaint was our server rushed us a bit. We sat at 8:00 or so and we wanted to sit and relax and enjoy. We let her know we'd be ordering a little at a time because we wanted taste, then decide on our next dish. She was a little put off by that and told us they were busy and we should order all at once. She was very nice about it however, we weren't going to be rushed.  To her dismay we ignored that suggestion and ordered bits at a time anyway.  All in all it was sinfully delicious food and wine, great friends and perfect ambiance to enjoy the perfect company in.I really can't complain about any of the food I had or service I got on the night I came here. When I saw that the average rating was only four stars, I was expecting a good but not great meal. Luckily, I can say I truly did get a great meal. 
To start they have a small but well curated selection of local craft beer, so I indulged in a brew from Free Will brewing, which I rarely see on tap. The restaurant was also taking part in Negroni Week when I went, so I snagged some sips of my fiance's drink. It was stiff and very well made made. Honestly based on the ambiance I would say you could come here just for a drink, but you should definitely stay for the food. 
For a starter I had one of their meatballs (Sal's old school meatballs that is), and it was quite tasty. The texture was interesting and the flavors cohesive. When it came to picking a main course I was a bit stumped, since everything sounded good, but their special sounded like a good choice. It was a beef cheek ragu, and let me tell you, it was amazing. The beef cheek was cooked to perfection and nearly melted in my mouth. There were cherries in the ragu which added a lovely tart note to the whole dish, and gave it a somewhat less heavy flavor. I wish it were not a special because I might order it every time! In addition I also got to sample some cacio e pepe, which was equally flavorful despite it's simple ingredients. All the pasta was nicely cooked, a true treat and something you can't always take for granted at Italian restaurants. 
This is the point where I talk about what was possibly the best part of the meal; desserts. I ordered the tartufo al bacio and was not disappointed. It was extremely rich but very enjoyable. While the overwhelming flavor of the dish was chocolate the cherries and hazelnuts were what turned this into a phenomenal dish. The taste was perfect, the texture was perfect and the fact that I wanted more was a good sign. Another one of my dining partners raved about his dish, the olive oil cake, and I snagged a taste of it. Let me tell you, this olive oil cake is unique and delicious. The cake itself has a nice chew to it, and the sauces and cream combine nicely to make one perfect bite. It's not too sweet, so those who don't like desserts might actually really like this dish.
Overall I was impressed with my trip to Amis. There was nothing to be left desired and I enjoyed every bit of food placed in front of me. With my closing thoughts I will say that the uniforms the servers wear are a bit odd; their car mechanic shirts are more reminiscent of a gas station than an upscale restaurant. I would implore management to reconsider this choice. Then again, it is just a uniform, and neither the service nor food suffered because of it. I hope to be back.Food: 3.5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Location: 3.5 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
Recommendations:  I would recommend starting off with a combination of the bruschetta and salumi for appetizer. The 'imported bufala ricotta and black pepper' is a must have.  The whipped ricotta is so smooth and creamy; it literally melts in your mouth.   The 'mixed salumi' plate is a great addition to the ricotta.  The variety and quality of the salumi is excellent.
The main courses unfortunately did not match the quality of the appetizers.  The initial pasta we ordered was the 'spinach pasta with sausage'.  It definitely was the better of the 3 main courses.  The pasta was very fresh but the sauce was a little flat. The 'gnocchi alla romana with oxtail ragu' was far too salty as was the "mixed seafood grill' secondi.  My girlfriend who enjoys food on the saltier side was overwhelmed by the amount of salt used in the dishes.
Overall, we had a great time at the restaurant.  The ambiance is great and the service is wonderful too.  The general consensus was that the food did not meet all the initial hype and expectations.  I'm not sure if we will return for another dining experience.
Overall: 3.5 starsAmis is quickly becoming my favorite Italian in the city.  I need to keep coming back to try new things, as well as revisit my old favorites.  The cacio e pepe is outstanding. Swordfish meatballs are as good as everyone says.  Squid ink pasta? Yes!  
Service is always spot on.I have been to Amis twice now and was disappointed both times. While the atmosphere and service are great, they can't make up for the obscenely small portions and obscenely high prices. The menu is deceiving because everything is priced $10-25; but it takes about 2 of their "entree-sized" dishes or 4 of their "lighter bite" dishes per person to give you the sense of having actually eaten dinner. Add on a few drinks, and there is no way you're having dinner for two for under $130 there (and you'll still probably go home and break out the cereal). I hate leaving a restaurant feeling ripped off, but that's exactly how I felt both times I left Amis.Very unhealthy menu and very unaccommodating
in response to a request for healthier versions of
their entrees or vegetarian selections generally.Outstanding food and service. Depending on where you sit you could be very cramped.  Very loud the evening we were there.I was really looking forward to our meal here, especially after they were rated so highly in Philadelphia magazine.  Unfortunately, it was a complete disappointment.  The only positive thing I can say is that the restaurant has a good vibe.  But I've had much better italian food at our local bar.  For our entrees, we had the gnocchi with ox tail and the papardelle with veal ragu.  Both were fairly bland stew over a bland starch.  Honestly, nothing stood out here.  And they rushed us through the entire meal.  Apps through dessert in 75 minutes.  When I tried to slow down, they just brought another course.  One last bit of annoyance - the waitstaff had obviously all been instructed to recite the same cheesey lines such as "the artichoke sells out by 8:30" and "the tiramisu has been haunting my dreams" which we heard repeatedly from several servers.  This isn't Fridays people.I've been here a few times and always had a wonderful meal.  The things they do with cauliflower and brussels sprouts!  Fantastic atmosphere.  Good beer selection.  The staff are friendly and informed on all the menu items.My girlfriend and I returned to Amis for a second time after a late summer dinner that we enjoyed heartily. Our server, knowing that I was vegetarian, and my girlfriend was vegetarian-leaning, suggested we return for a Meatless Monday tasting menu. 
After securing a reservation on OpenTable (100 points, y'all!) we returned this past Monday evening. Soon after being seated, we found out that they have stopped their Meatless Monday promotion. We were saddened to hear this, but our waiter kindly offered to check with the Chef to see if he could accommodate; luckily, Chef was more than happy to help. 
We received imaginative, off-menu items that were delicious. We received 3 courses -- an appetizer, a pasta dish and a dessert. This was the best meal we have eaten in a while and would return again. Amis took care of us (Chef/Server[s]/etc.). We'll be more than happy when it is time to return for another wonderful meal.I've been coming to Amis for 7yrs. It's been one of my all time favorite philly restaurants. I moved two years ago but when even I travel back I come straight here for a granita and their delicious small plates. I've never had anything less than excellent. Everything has always been executed perfectly...until today. Sadly I was so disappointed. First they no longer had my beloved granita, the icy mulled wine in prosecco that I crave, then the pecorino with honey wasn't nearly the quality, nor was it gooey and melted the same with the crispy edges it had always had previously. Even their signature pasta didn't taste the same.  I had a great time and the service was suburb....But in a city where food is excellent you can't have less than  average nights especially at these prices.SO Good! Julianna and I had one of the better meals of our lives tonight! The rabbit antipasti was absolutely amazing! We also had the fresh mozza, sweet bread, mortadella moose, strip steak, lamb ragu, and jalapeño pasta. We finished it off with the Belgium waffle, Nutella, and ice cream. Everything was absolutely perfect! The service was especially great too. We really enjoyed donating $ towards helping kids eat healthy, and Amis matched which is really cool!The food, atmosphere and service were all great at Amis but even at a late dinner (9:30 on a Friday) the restaurant was just too loud. I could barely hear the person I was with or the waiter. If they figured out a way to better the acoustics, this place would definitely get a 5 as the swordfish meatballs, duck and peach special, flank steak and tiramisu were all delicious.This is my favorite Vetri experience to date.
Prices aren't bad, food tastes great, mostly smaller sized plates for sharing and trying multiple dishes.
Amis is on my list for a return trip.When the waiter was cleaning the crumbs from our table I asked him to put them in a to go box. Another fabulous restaurant by Mark Vetri. Great service and fantastic food. Olive oil bread basket was incredible. Tuna croquettes were these wonderful little balls of savory delicious tuna. The pecorino and pepper pasta....NEEDED MORE! Savored EVERY bite! Bucatini with jalapeno and almond pesto is as good as it gets!  No dessert since we were stuffed by all the food we ate!Meh is what it says when you give a restaurant a two star rating here, and meh is exactly how I felt upon walking out after my meal.  Don't get me wrong, the food was wonderful, a real treat and a luscious throw back to the best trattorias of southern Italy. And I'm really not a complainer when it comes to restaurants, but my experience made me want to take the time and sit to write a review. 
The overall experience fell well short of the expectations we have of the the top restauranteurs in this city.  The service was mediocre at best.  Most of the staff left me with the feeling they were "overtrained" to be nice.  I like a more relaxed natural discourse with the staff than that especially in this type setting.  The waiter was confusing in explaining the menu, eventually admitting there were no special.  It was just that the menu had recently and completely changed.  The bus boy whisked a dish away without first asking.  I really wanted some more of that sauce on my arancina oopss...too late.  He never bothered asking if I was done before grabbing the dish.  
Also Marc, and I know you and your staff read these reviews, would it kill you to put more than one amarena cherry in the tartufo?  I know they're a little pricey, but often people want to share desserts.  It would be nice for each person to get a full effect of the flavors the  chef intended.  Especially since the menu says cherries (plural). After touting the flavorgasm of amarena cherries to my significant other, upon finally finding one and digging through the rest of my tartufo  it was "Oh sorry honey, I had the only one they put in the dessert.  And jury's still out on that bread.  I'm pretty sure I can bake the same thing in my bread baker and the recipe that came with it now that I know to just add sea salt on top.  And salt does seem to be a common flavor which stands out in most of the dishes.  Particularly the pasta.
The ambiance was very nice, but rather loud if you like conversation that's especially personal in nature given the next tables are five inches away from your elbow.  I did enjoy hearing about the sex life of the two energetic young ladies at the table next to ours though.  The four of us decided we're going out together next week to try a Garcas restaurant.  Thanks Marc!
Seriously, it's quite a shame when the food is this good that so many other things seemingly have fallen through the cracks.Very good food and reasonably priced for quality of food. Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Pasta dishes were impressive and swordfish meatballs were nice treat. Not sure food lives up to acclaim of restaurant, but still a good dining experience. Only real complaint was the LOUD rock music playing in background. No idea why it's necessary.Giving 3 stars to a Vetri restaurant seems like sacrilege, but I had an equal amount of hits and amísses.  
The olive oil bread basket is absolutely ridiculous (if you typically skip the bread, try this and try to each just one - good luck).  After analyzing the menu and pointing out all of the recommendations, we went with the following:
- chicken liver toscani: ever since I had and loved the chicken liver at The Spotted Pig (NYC), I haven't been able to find it as good anywhere else.  The streak continues....
- baked pecorino with almond honey: absolutely amazing.  I took more than more portion, ordered it again, and took more than my portion again (it was so good, I didn't care about the social repercussions). 
- Sal's old school meatballs with tomato potato: all parts of this appetizer were delicious - the meatballs, the sauce, and the 'tomato potato'. 
- grilled veal tongue with pepper mostarda: I had high hopes and it was just ok (nothing memorable). 
- tonnarelli "cacio e pepe" with pecorino and black pepper: I was distracted by the overcooked pasta (I didn't finish my plate which is rare)
- polenta with brown butter: it was bland. I was expecting sweetness from the brown butter, but all it seemed to do was make a brown ring around the polenta.  
- spagetti squash with pork jowl and pecorino: I was strategically taking spoonfuls of the pork jowl (and you'll do the same) - wow.We've had dinner and brunch here. Very creative menu with offerings made from fresh ingredients that taste great. Highly recommend this place!Went here for valentine's day.  Had a lot of small dishes, including:
Baked pecorino cheese with almond honey (appetizer) - really really good, lots of melted cheese
Root vegetable salad - so so, probably should have skipped it
Mussels - in Romanesco sauce, with awesome bread for soaking up the sauce
Rotini with black trumpet mushrooms - Amazing.
Salted butter gelato waffle pizzele - enormous and worth going back just for that.  Best thing we had.
Bottle of Cava - always good
Service was pretty attentive and professional.  They also have chef's table style seats facing the kitchen, which  might be cool to check out next time.We went here last Wednesday evening when we couldn't get a reservation anywhere else close to our hotel. We sat at the "chef's table," which was similar to a table you would find at a sushi bar, where we watched the incredible kitchen crew rapidly prepare and plate complex dishes for the entire restaurant. The restaurant was incredibly loud, and entertainment from the kitchen staff was key to allowing us to enjoy dinner without feeling the need to scream at each other to be heard. Do -not- go here if you're looking for a nice place to eat and have a quiet conversation! The music in the restaurant is booming, and so all the diners have to take it up a notch to talk.
Our food was good, but not outstanding, but what really made our evening was the amazing waiter who was, by far, the best waiter I've ever encountered. I wish I could remember his name, but what made him so great is that he was extremely attentive, very friendly, casual when the situation warranted, and knew the menu inside and out. I noted that he should quit his job and develop a school for waiters because this guy was top notch.
Summary: Good food, LOUD atmosphere, outstanding service.My expectations were high and they were not  met. I ordered the polenta and it was BLAND. I also had  2 pasta dishes the gnocchi and cannelloni, both were very average. For dessert the waffle w ice cream was good, that was probably the best dish. The service was great  but the food was very average and overpriced. I dont think I would go back to eat .Had the bucatini pasta with jalapeno and almond pesto. fantastic! Well worth the price. 
I have now been here three times and the restaurant has never disappointed.  My wife said the pork chop parmesan was 'to die for'.
Tonight we actually had some space for dessert and the chocolate tartufo. amazing! even if you come just for this dessert, it is well worth it.Awesome food. Well prepared with fresh ingredients. 
Mortadella with Hazelnut and Honey was awesome, a great combination of flavors.
Bucatini with cheese was very good, pasta is fresh and cooked perfectly. 
My only regret is I wasn't hungrier so I could have eaten moreHad a great meal with the family at Amis. If you're looking for a more quiet & relaxing experience, definitely choose a table outside! It was nice to be able to hear each other talk. All of the food we had was delicious -- the eggplant caponata, pecorino with almond honey, duck pasta special, and Mom Mom's rice pudding being a few standouts. Beer is reasonably priced and they have a good variety on draft. My mom and brother really loved the peach cocktail. Service is friendly and Mr. Marc Vetri himself even stopped by to refill our waters and make sure we were having a nice time.On a quiet part of 13th Street, Amis is bustling once you arrive inside. I came as a part of Philly Wine Week. Even with a reservation, our table wasn't ready right away. (I saw a couple people being seated with drinks already, and I'm pretty sure that's just what they say to get you to wait at the bar first.)
After looking at the wine flight on special: four 3oz pours of limited/bottle-only wines for $55, we decided to split a tasting to see if any of them stood out enough to order a full glass. That was definitely the way to go because we ended up liking two, indifferent on one, and really disliked one; so we were glad to not be stuck with expensive wines we didn't love. We ended up just ordering a carafe of the house wine instead of something fancy after that.
For dinner, we started with swordfish meatballs and calamari. Both appetizers were delicious. The meatballs were so tender and flavorful, served atop creamy polenta. The calamari was also tender, not chewy, fried with jalapenos. For the main dishes, I got the chicken alla diablo with a chili oil and spicy cherry peppers. The chicken was cooked very nicely and was juicy. I usually don't get chicken at restaurants but it's just what I was in the mood for, and I wasn't disappointed. My date got the lamb shoulder, which was served an odd fashion. It was pressed flat and thing with a crisp crust on it. While my bite was fine, I felt like it tasted drier than it needed to. Served with cubes of potatoes, it was just a slightly underwhelming dish. 
On that note, we decided to skip dessert. Plus, nothing really stood out. There were a lot of other appetizers and the pastas that definitely seemed worth coming back to try. Someone also mentioned a good brunch menu.So I had quite the unique experience here. I'm contemplating on changing this review to a 3 star (I decided 4 star because I'm feeling generous right now)
My friend and I went on a walk on Sunday morning and passed this place and decided to have brunch - it had only opened a couple of minutes before we decided so we were literally the first customers of the day. They were setting up inside so we decided to eat outside (they have about 4-5 tables outside) to stay out of their way - we thought we were being nice and doing them a favor. I ordered orange juice to drink and it came out right away (as expected).Since we were on a walk, I had to use the restroom before ordering my meal so I went inside. I was in the stall doing my business (sorry, too much information maybe) when two frustrated waitresses came into the bathroom talking about how annoying my friend and I were because we showed up to eat right when they opened. One of the girls literally verbalized, "What bitches! How rude to just show up like 5 minutes after this place opens! No one does that! I'm so annoyed and I want them to leave!" 
I had never felt so awkward in my life!! I literally sat in the stall until they left - it was terrible!  Now that I think about it, I should have walked out and been like I heard that!! 
I ran outside and told my friend what had happened to contemplate if we should leave or not and she said she had just ordered for us. We decided to stay and eat - we didn't want to be even more of a burden than we were (apparently). 
So back to my rating of this place - the ONLY reason I rated this place a 4 star is because of the food. The hazelnut waffle was AMAZING. I would eat it for breakfast every single day if I could. My friend didn't enjoy her breakfast chorizo though. 
Overall, I didn't enjoy my experience here because of the awkward and unwanted feelings my friend and I had. If a restaurant says its open, they should be happily serving... even if it is 5- 10 minutes right after. I don't know if I would come back here again - depends on how much I am craving that waffle and on how confident I am to go back hahahI loved the beautiful, charming and romantic space at Amis, as well as the innovative small plates here that were completely new to me and a delight to my tastebuds. We were warmly greeted and immediately seated, and our waiter was helpful without being a constant interruption. I enjoyed an Old Fashioned type cocktail that was wonderful and reasonably priced at $10. My friend and I then ordered a number of small plate combinations to experience the diverse menu. We began with the swordfish meatballs and the toast with almond honey butter (which also includes cheese I think), then ventured on to the Arancini and fried cauliflower with pecorino and salsa rossa. By far, our favorite was he cauliflower with the meatballs a close second. I'm disappointed that I didn't get to try the bufalo ricotta bruschetta, as it is a favorite of my friend and raved about a lot here on Yelp. We avoided dessert, but the tiramisu looked extraordinary. This is a great Vetri choice in downtown. At the same time, and I look forward to more experiments with Amis in the future.LOVED it.  The buccatini all' amtriciana is quite possibly one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The arancini made me swoon and the grilled smoked mozz with pickled veggies was heavenly.  The wine, ambiance and service rounded out the evening.  
Amis has a cozy setting that's quieter than Osteria yet more attainable than Vetri.  You can dress up or dress down, spend a lot or a little, but either way you go.. you'll have a fantastic time.Absolutely love Amis. It's the only restaurant that has my favorite dish cacio e pepe & it's delish! They have a menu that changes seasonally. Tonight we had the bucatini and the fettucini with corn. So sweet and a perfect summer dish. Great atmosphere and vibe.I would definitely expect more from a Vetri establishment.  Alas, Amis just did not meet my expectations at all.  First, it took about 15 minutes just to get a drink and bread on our table.  Then we ordered appetizers and found everything to be greasy/oily and simply not that good.  The best thing we tried was the swordfish meatballs.  We had one pasta--the chestnut duck; you know that it's bad when you think that you would have been better off having frozen store bought pasta vs fresh VETRI pasta.  Yeah, it was that bad.  It was goopy and the noodles had an odd consistency.  One dessert we had was the saving grace of the meal: the nutella waffle was very well done except that only half the waffle was covered in nutella.  Otherwise, it was a tasty dessert.  
Moreover, the service was pretty atrocious.  We were ignored for very long stretches of time.  We had about 3 different waiters so none of them could remember what we had already ordered.  It was very haphazard.  
I definitely would not return to Amis.  I would much rather go to Osteria or Vetri.Oh my god!!!!!! Food is excellent (highly recommend bucatini) but the service out shine above it all. The best restraint service experience I've ever had in the past decades of many restaurant service. 
Thanks to the amazing shied Drew and great server Diana. We will be back with more friends and family. 
Just go there and it would be the best time you would ever have.Came here for dinner with my friend this past weekend and we both absolutely loved it! 
To begin with my friend and I both wanted to order a bottle of wine. She wanted a white and I wanted a rose. The waitress helped us pick one that was a happy medium for both of us. It was absolutely delicious! It was sweet without being overly sweet and had a nice pineapple note to it. 
For the appetizer round we ordered the buffalo mozzarella with marinated eggplant and chili's. It was absolutely delicious. The marinated eggplant was just the right amount of tangy and the chilis gave it a slight kick without being too spicy.  The cheese was perfect as well. Honestly, we could have had an entire dinner of just this. 
The entree round was a little more difficult to decide because everything looked so good. Our waitress helped us out here again by suggesting two incredible dishes based on our preferences. I ended up getting the fettuccine with charred corn and scallions and my friend went for the classic cacio e pepe. The fettuccine was wonderfully cooked and corn sauce with charred corn was sweet without being overbearing. It all harmonized well. The cacio e pepe was good and what you would normally expect. 
For desert I wanted something chocolate and my friend wanted tiramisu. When we couldn't decide our waitress brought out tiramisu for my friend and chocolate gelato for me with a candle on it because she saw on my ID that my birthday had passed recently. The tiramisu has wonderful flavors but at that point my friend and I were so full we couldn't finish it. 
All in all my friend and I were more then happy with the service and loved all the dishes we ordered. I will definitely be coming back here again. And shout out to our amazing waitress who made the experience so pleasant.I really didn't get the hype of this place and was essentially disappointed after having read the rave reviews.  Makes me think trendy metro Philadelphian diners live on boxed mac and cheese except when they eat here.  The menu is eclectic to say the least. So over-the-top eclectic that deciding on something was just to pick a few things and hope for the best.  Low lighting is usually a good sign that the dishes are not eye appealing and of course  they were all mega-petite as well. The salumni, -- the terrine was the better part of it but if not for the sauces, nothing amazing. The baked pecorino with honey was a cup with a half-inch of melted cheese at the bottom. The squid salad had no flavor. The swordfish meatballs were good (not for everyone's palate) but the polenta did not match and was bland as hell. Fried cauliflower, again nothing to write home about. From the entrees, our server, who was very gracious but lacked table-side personality, recommended the chicken sausage.  Really, this reminded me of the turkey sausage patties at the breakfast buffet, gnarly and salty, and served over the once-again bland brown polenta. Four over-salted scallops for $24; not fried, but seriously charred salty brussels sprouts; my friend who loves whole fish was not impressed with the bone-laden, flesh-lacking Dorado and the thin pork chop was similar to what one gets from using Shake n' Bake.  Perhaps a home-made pasta dish would have brought redemption but we didn't try any. Semi-fredo with chopped fruit and chocolate sauce is a mix of odd texture and taste that obliterates the smoothness.  By 7pm, the noise level was so aggravating.  If this was Italian fusion, it doesn't work and we wondered why an Italian restaurant has a French name, but moreso, when I drop over $300 on dinner (only because few of us had cocktails), I expect to be wowed. Not the case here. Apparently the celebrity Vetri name no longer needs to prove quality.  Eating a name?  Maybe for some, not for me.We indulged for an evening of deserts and drinks at Amis. This was another favorite of our hosts, so we were excited. I don't remember what everyone ordered, but the twin and I shared the Belgian style waffle with Nutella. The The waffle was topped with vanilla semifreddo and toasted hazelnuts. Semifreddo is a frozen cream or custard, almost like ice cream. My  first bite into the fluffy warm waffle, laced with melting sweet cream and Nutella was simply heavenly. I have no other words to describe it. It was fantastic and our entire group loved it! I ate it so slow to savor every moment with each bite.
Aside from the heavenly waffle, I really enjoyed being there. Very casual and definitely a great atmosphere. Drinks were reasonably priced as well.
I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.I've been meaning to review this place for a long time.  This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  The atmosphere is great: laid back and casual, but rustic and trendy.  
The food never disappoints.  I highly recommend the baked pecorino - it's the perfect mix of sweet, salty, and nutty.  The bucatini with jalapeno and almond pesto is also a "go to" dish for us.  Otherwise, I recommend trying whatever is on special, because it's always awesome.  They also have a nice selection of wine and a few craft Italian beers (bonus points).
Where this place really shines, though, is in the service.  Servers are knowledgeable, friendly, and honest.  If you ask how much food to order, they will tell you the right amount without trying to "oversell" you.
Overall, I highly recommend Amis for simple, rustic Italian cooking and the feeling that you're having dinner with your "friends."Great food, reasonable prices, and great service. I started with the homemade strawberry rhubarb soda. It was so refreshing. The swordfish meatballs with creamy polenta and pine nuts were absolutely delicious. The Sal's old school meatballs with tomato potato (more traditional) were also delicious, but not as good as the swordfish meatballs. The fettuccine with corn and scallions and the spaghetti with chilies and parmesan were both delicious. The pastas were perfectly sized portions for one person if you also get an appetizer. I ordered one appetizer and one pasta, and I was full when I left. Definitely not the best Vetri restaurant, but I would return.Love at first bite. Really. It is THAT good. I have to admit, I found the menu to be a bit intimidating, but luckily for me I wasn't doing the ordering. Everything that was ordered for me and suggested by the bartender was incredible. We had an assortment of "meatballs" ( swordfish, traditional, and tuna croquettes) and each was better than the last! The only thing that I would consinder to be average were the mussels, but the blush sauce that they were in was perfect for dipping the fresh bread in! Can't wait to return.very good italian, definitely good for a weekend night out, good for small groups. Enjoyed it very much.Seriously disappointed. The noise level was so high it was hard to hold a conversation. I was prepared to put up with this if the food had been better. Everything was seriously under seasoned. We ordered the shaved pork belly with watermelon and the meat had no flavour. As the table had no salt and pepper I am assuming the chefs would have fine tuned the seasoning. The steak was so under seasoned we had to request salt.It is close quarters with nearby diners, but we've had tighter accommodations so it is not worrisome. The noise, however, is near-deafening. I struggle to hear myself, let alone the poor quiet-voiced server who tries to relay the evening's specials. Juliet has to help translate. As the night wears on, the chaotic garble does ease slightly.
I begin with a generous pour of Prosecco, with a sidecar of red wine granita. A spoonful of the frozen red wine goes into the sparkling wine. Mix. Drink. Repeat. Enjoy. It is sweet and lively on my tongue, preparing me for the roller coaster of flavors to come.
Ever since dining at Joe Allen, I have been craving escargot again. As luck would have it, Amis offers braised snails in a scallion crema. They are bright green chunks coated in a thick cream sauce. Take a scoop and dump them on a toasted, burnt-edged piece of bread. Yum! These are not quite the full-bodied, wine-soaked snails I had in New York; they are more subdued and earthy, with a delicate onion taste. The combination of burned toast and creamy snails is decadent. Juliet also orders pan-fried artichokes (they are crunchy, oily, and tasty) and pork liver terrine topped with tomato marmalade (sweet, slightly greasy, and tastes much like any other pork terrine I've had).
There are so many captivating entries on the menu, I'm not quite sure what to order. I really don't want to "meat it up" with a hunk of veal so I settle on seafood. Since Juliet doesn't like peas, I seldom get to eat them at home...and I love peas! My eye gravitates toward the braised squid with artichokes and spring peas. Thick-cut circles of firm squid flesh bobble in a shallow, spicy tomato broth sprinkled with green peas. Islands of quartered artichoke hearts peek out from beneath titanic wedges of more crisp-black toast...which I use to sop up the soup when I've polished off most of the calamari. The dish is demonstrative, bold, and very addictive. My only criticism is the squid seems just a smidge too firm, as if it had been slightly overcooked or left under a heat lamp. I highly doubt the latter, though. Suffice to say, it is a good dish and one which I'd happily order again.
From good to great, now. While Juliet opts for crispy veal breast with marinated mushrooms, she had also been circling another plate: the fettuccine with lamb ragu and mint. Did someone say mint? As some of you might know, I'm a mint fanatic. Love it. Put it in everything, please. I, too, considered ordering the fettuccine but ultimately went the seaward route. A quick pow-wow, though, and we decide to order it for sharing. Because sharing is caring. Or something like that.
Man, am I glad we ordered that pasta. The noodles are perfectly prepared, not too squishy, but slippery and glistening with olive oil. Hearty bits of shredded lamb ragu mingle under a mound of shredded Pecorino cheese. Little green specks of mint add just a hint of color. It is imperative to gather all components on your fork, so you get the full effect--salty, meaty, with a surprising lightness from the mint. It is pasta like a sexy poem in your mouth.
I am full now. Dessert is totally out of the question...until I read the very bottom item on the menu: prosecco rhubarb granita with pistachio biscotti. Saving the best for last, eh, Chef? Surely there must be cracks in my stomach that need filling. The granita is sweet and very tart, actually quite refreshing. I get uncomfortably close to brain freeze as I use the biscotti as a spoon for the shaved ice. Time to stop. Time to go. Time for bed. From our little tour of Chef Michaud's cuisine, it's pretty easy to see how he earned his award. Kudos!
But don't take my word for it. See what my better half has to say on our website (linked in my profile).First time visiting Amis for brunch. We started with the Bufala Ricotta with hazelnut honey ($8) was to die for. Come for this alone. We also tried the Baked Pecorino with almond honey which was good but too salty...and I LOVE salt. Next came the Belgian Waffle with salted butter semifreddo, hazelnuts & maple syrup ($12) - two small square waffles with maple syrup already poured over it which surprised me because with the sweet semifreddo the whole thing was too sweet. We also tried the Rigatoni with Sausage & egg yolk was good but the portion was small for the price ($16). Friends had the Gnocchi alla Romana with chorizo sausage ragu and scallions which they thought was okay...not made with potato as warned by the server. We also had a side of the polenta scrapple which was just okay. Coffee was delicious and perfect strength. Brunch cocktails - mimosas and bloodies were good but pricey at $10. Service was excellent. Overall, an interesting brunch menu with some real standouts. But If money is an issue it's on the pricey side.My favorite Italian in Philadelphia! I love the jalepeno almond bucatini.I dined at Amis this past April and enjoyed a fabulous meal.  I met my mom at this restaurant mid week to catch up and spend a night out on the town.  We were able to get a last minute reservation at Amis and were not disappointed.  
A few things you need to know about this restaurant.  First, it pulls in quite a happy hour bar crowd.  There were a lot of suits lined up at the bar chatting away.  Second, the tables are quite close together.  When you combine those two elements with the fact that the restaurant has a warehouse type feel to it, the place can get obnoxiously loud.  If that is a turnoff for you, then look for a different place to dine.  Also, Amis is not a BYOB.  This was a plus for us, since we were specifically looking for a restaurant that wasn't BYOB.
Onto the food!  My mom and I started off with a couple of small plates to share.  We split the Eggplant Caponata which was delicious.  The saltiness of the eggplant balanced out the olive oil that it was cooked in.  The bread that went with the dish was delicious.  We also shared swordfish meatballs.  These 3 meatballs were laying on a bed of polenta with toasted pine nuts.  The meatballs had so much flavor and were incredibly moist.  The polenta complimented this dish wonderfully and the pine nuts added some texture to really round out the dish.  For entrees, I had the lamb and my mom had a fried flounder special.  The chef prepared the lamb very different from anything I have had before.  The lamb seemed to be slow roasted and then shredded off the bone and crisped up on a griddle..... think almost like a jerky style texture, but not quite as dried out.  The end result was shredded lamb that was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  The roasted potatoes that it was served with made for a memorable dish.  Another highlight of the meal (besides the swordfish meatballs) was the pappardelle with oxtail ragu.  I had heard so much about this dish and it did not disappoint.  My mom and I split this as a side dish and it was wonderful.  The rich oxtail ragu was just enough to balance out the wide pasta sheets that were cooked just a tad past el dente.  Extremely tender and fresh.  
If you haven't made a trip to Amis, I would recommend you try it.  The place isn't for everyone, but if you are a foodie that likes to get creative when dining, then this could be your next gem.  The plates aren't huge, so you have to order multiple things on the menu to create a complete meal.  
PROS: Hip Atmosphere, Innovative Menu, Divine Food (especially the swordfish meatballs and pappardelle pasta)
CONS: Small vineyard winelist, noise levels can be extremely loud, and this is not your traditional menuDont book if you expect to actually do something afterwards. 
We booked our table for 4 people 1 month in advance at 8:30. We arrive there exactly on time and the hostess informed us it would be a 15 minute wait. Still 1 hour later after watching SEVERAL tables that had finished dining since before we had arrived still sitting there and chatting without even ordering any more drinks we still weren't seated. 
When we finally did get a seat they served us with an order of complimentary appetizers. Hardly any compensation for the lost time spent waiting for their folly.Back for dinner and sat at the chefs table. We had dessert tangling in front of our eyes the entire time! Everything was splendid! The buccatini is a must and a classic. The eggplant caponata and butternut squash with feta were both simple but divine. Not overwhelming but oh so good. The quail was so great too. We didn't get the veal tongue but will definitely come back for it. The pork cheek and lamb were a bit salty for my taste by the time I had gone through so many dishes. The meat dishes were well done but I'd say what makes amis shine was their pasta, apps and desserts. The rice pudding and tiramisu were to die for.My family and I were just walking around looking for a place to have lunch before leaving for the airport, and we are glad we walked into this place. Starting off with the waitress coming over to introduce the menu, everything sounded very interesting. We ordered A few different appetizers and all were very good, and the bread basket was amazing with scones, raisin bread, and chocolate muffins. 
My mom and sister ordered the gnocchi and they were very good. I ordered the fettuccine with duck that was also amazing.Absolutely loved this place!
Service was wonderful, everyone was friendly, attentive and fun! 
Appetizers and entrees were the best. Especially enjoyed the Turkey Milanese - was awesome! Desserts were scrumptious also.
Definitely going back again, when we can get in :)Phenomenally noisy. We will never return. The food was mediocre, too. My pasta was gummy. The roasted brussel spouts were extremely salty.   The caponata has no flavor at all. But make no mistake about it, the noise level was so painful had the food been good we would still never return.I would say this place is very average. We ordered the ricotta bruschetta which was just okay. The bread they serve you is both cold and also burnt which was unpleasant. I ordered the cacio e Pepe for myself, which was pretty good but not spectacular. My boyfriend had the pork chop parm which was probably the best thing of the dinner, but we both agreed it was still pretty average. We also ordered the polenta as a side and it was sooo buttery it made my stomach hurt. I really wanted to like it here, but my boyfriend and I agreed it's not worth coming back to.If I could give 6 stars I would. The food was insanely delicious. Every part of the meal was satisfying and exciting. The service was great as was the ambience. Can't wait to go back!!!!Made my first visit to Amis on 1/2/11. Totally enjoyed my meal and atmosphere. For starters my companion and I shared the shaved vegetable salad. It was very tasty. Had the persimmon and fennel lasagna with a side of roasted squash for my entree. Both were excellent. Finished it off with the apple cake which also was great. Can't wait to go back.I was thrilled when a date made a reservation at Amis. I had wanted to go for awhile, but it's not cheap, or easy to get into. After dining there, I realize why--excellent service, large menu, transporting food, and a great atmosphere (though strangely, they were playing 80s music. But I digress...) We had read on chef's feed that the swordfish meatballs were exceptional, and while I was was less than excited for them, they were amazing. We were sad there were just 3. The braised calamari was tender, and swimming in a brown/red sauce that was a bit fishy, but in a good way. And it was served with toasty bread. Sweatbreads were a little too fried for my taste but dusted in a tasty almond coating so the tempura was nicely complimented. And you should not miss the veal rago pasta, which was perfectly seasoned. The cacio e pepe was the only disappointment, in a thick creamy sauce which was slightly tasteless. But if you do dessert--if you have room after the rich food--the rice pudding, which I'm typically not a fan of, was smooth, creamy, and covered with a cheery sauce which was equally sour and sweet. Our server was friendly as was host staff leading to a warm atmosphere. I ca't wait to go back and try more of the amazing-looking menu items.My husband and I had our first wedding anniversary date here, on a friend's recommendation.  We enjoyed every single moment. 
It was snowy outside and cold. we found close by parking spot that wasn't filled with piles of snow.  we walked in - reservations of course, and were promptly seated. The waiter was kind and always around when you needed him, and not too obtrusive.  
We ordered many things to share, and i believe we had Sal's meatballs (delicious) and some fried Brussels Sprouts (life-changing, seriously), among other things. Our overall experience was a pleasant one and we would both love to go back and try more things on the menu.  Nothing we ordered was bad, i am pretty sure you cannot go wrong here. They were out of the appetizer i wanted (pecorino with almond honey), so i guess i just have to come back to try it!
one gripe- i always drink water.  why please tell me, is water $5?? since when did restaurants start charging for tap water? This left  a bad taste in my mouth - but thankfully i polished off my meal with a yummy latte to clear that bad taste.  I am normally an outspoken patron, and would have mentioned it to the waiter, but my husband rushed out the door before i had the chance.What a fantastic meal! I went to Amis for dinner on a Friday night. We started with wine glasses at the bar and were quickly informed that our table was ready. We started with the Buffalo mozzarella with carrots and sunflower seeds - beautifully seasoned, very refreshing and the crunch of the sunflower seeds is a very welcome addition - and the scallop crudo. The scallop crudo was, simply put, one of the best things that I've ever tasted. So fresh, lemony in a perfect way, it's hard to explain, you just have to try it. Our server told us they serve a small quantity of scallops because of how selective they are about the scallops they use. It definitely translates in amazing flavor. We followed the amazing starters with one more glass of wine, the grilled redfish with fava beans - delicious - and one of the specials, the rabbit ragu. The ragu was phenomenal, super flavorful and the pasta was one of the lightest I've ever tried. All of the specials had rabbit in it. According to our server what they do is they select a protein and make many different preparations of it, so they can use most of the animal, which I thought was a great idea. Service was also really good: attentive, friendly and informative. I'm definitely coming back!Good food and nice ambience for a date or just having dinner with a few friends.first vetri experience, so I was really excited... I only do a handful of fancy/expensive dinners per year and because there is so much good inexpensive food in this city, I need a pricey dinner to be extra-delicious... Amis was so disappointing.  the brussel sprouts, cauliflower and rigatoni with salmon (a special) were almost too salty to eat.  the jalapeno pasta was decent.  the bufala bruschetta was also mediocre.  highlight of the meal was dessert - rice pudding and the waffles were both good...
 nice place - not too loud.  but the food wasnt even mediocre.  service was so-so.  nice bartender, friendly knowledgeable server.  but i had another server bring me a beer that wasnt what i ordered; when i said "I ordered the pilsner on draft," she said "no, it comes in a bottle."... so i pointed to the menu - "heres what i ordered."... "well you have the wrong menu," she said.  kinda strange - as if i brought my own menu to the restaurant... finally got her to bring me a different beer.
... went with two friends and we all agreed it was a pretty big disappointment.  sorry to be a negative nancy.Amazing! Every single time. I was scared that the new "corporate" takeover was going to affect this wonderful restaurant but it hasn't. The menu is still as good as ever, the wines to choose from are not your normal pa liquor store wines, the service was still on point, but the specials which used to be somewhat extravagant weren't what I was used to. I can't say enough about Amis, I love this place. Brought 3 newcomers with me and one of which is not a foodie. All three were blown away with the rich flavors and savory dishes. I strongly suggest not going into Amis with the appetizer, entree, and desert attitude. Go with friends or coworkers and order as much on the menu as you can and share everything family style. There are way too many good dishes on this menu to not try and by sharing everything that comes to the table it gives the opportunity to get a taste of everything. Make a reservation and try Amis, they will not let you down.Amis is delicious.
No really, the whole restaurant is delicious.
Get the squid ink pasta with chorizo- it's creamy and perfect. It's black and will probably make your smile a little silly looking, but as long as you share it, that's fine. Both you and your dining mate can have black smiles for a little bit. The bits of chorizo add just enough meat flavor to offset the otherwise too luscious nature of squid ink. 
The bruschetta bread is great: it's thick and grilled with just enough olive oil to add a nice juicy crunch. The imported buffalo ricotta is creamy, but that's about it. It's fluffy, but there's not much flavor.The salami, similarly, is fine. It's cured meat, and the beet jam is pretty good. If you put the salami on the buffalo ricotta, then you've created a great appetizer. The mild saltiness of the meat combines nicely with the otherwise undetected sweetness of the black pepper ricotta. 
As for dessert, you'd be a complete idiot not to indulge in the tartufo al bacio" chocolate and hazelnut semifreddo - even if you're allergic to nuts. Basically, you've got some sort of semifreddo mousse/ice cream blend speckled with hazelnut halves covered in a dark chocolate fondant ganache. It's a hill of succulent indulgence with the perfect sweetness offset by the perfect bitterness of the dark chocolate.Wow! Love this place. It really takes a lot to wow me. We shared Escarole
Salad, mussel appetizer, monk fish cacti ore, and pasta with jalapeño pesto. Enjoyed my wine by the glass so much I'm looking to find it to buy. 
Loved it all. Neighborhood really nice. Service was great - we were a little early for reservation and table was ready. The only thing I would say is wish swordfish meatballs didn't have pork (we didn't try) and the tartufo might have been a bit too chocolate heavy. Will definitely be back on our next trip to Philly.I recently went to Amis for a friend's birthday dinner and I really liked it. 
We got a selection of bruschettas, octopus, and meatballs for appetizers. Everyone loved them all. For the main course, I got a homemade pasta dish and it was to die for! I will get pasta every time I go back (which will be often). The friends I was with really enjoyed their seafood dishes. For dessert we received complimentary ice cream, for the birthday girl of course. The ice cream was soooooo good I couldn't stop eating it even though I was full. 
I thought the menu was reasonably priced. It was a little bit loud and crowded inside and I wasn't a big fan of our waitress, but the food was delicious and overall I really liked this place.Had an excellent meal...the main was lamb...so we tried the lamb croquettes...they were good didn't expect them to be so creamy, also had the portobello pasta which was great...the pasta there is just so good! I had the main lamb dish with grits...it was good but I enjoyed our pasta dishes way more oh and the ricotta with pistachio pesto and pumpkin was excellent!Bucatini with jalapeño and almond pesto.  
Bucatini with Jalapeño and almond pesto. 
BUCATINI WITH JALAPENO AND ALMOND PESTO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You go now!  Put into face!  Repeat!  YOU'RE WELCOME!
Also deliciously notable: 
Baked pecorino and honey- very good
Swordfish meatballs: THE BEST MEATBALLS I'VE EVER HAD.  INCLUDING ACTUAL MEAT BALLS.  
Tonnarelli cacio e pepe: fresh pasta, cheese and black pepper.  Incredibly delicious. 
Rice pudding: as good as it gets.  Rice to Riches in NYC needs to take a lesson from the folks at Amis.Four of us celebrated my husband's birthday at Amis last weekend.  We had high hopes for Amis, as it's part of the Vetri family of restaurants.  Our hopes were met with the food and dashed with the service.  
The food really was amazing.  The baked pecorino with almond honey was beautiful.  The tonnarelli with pecorino and pepper sounds simple, but was some of the most delicious stuff I've ever eaten.  Mom-mom's rice pudding was a perfect ending.
My only complaint about the food is that I wish the portions were a bit larger- five appetizers, two pastas, four entrees, a side and a dessert (plus a reasonable amount of wine, of course) didn't really give me the full belly I'd expected for close to $400.
Our server, while knowledgeable and pleasant didn't really get the timing right.  We finished our pasta course and ordered glasses of wine all around.  Roughly ten minutes later, our entrees arrived, but our wine had not.  We waited, and waited for someone to check on us, but no one did.  After another ten or so minutes and no server in sight, I had to get up and go find a manager to get us the wine we'd ordered.  By the time it arrived, our entrees were warm, at best.  
Amis has big shoes to fill and right now, they seem to be nearly stumbling around in dad's loafers.Mixed Seafood Grill: Scallops, tender skate, calamari,swordfish. Grilled to perfection, simple salt and pepper. 
Palenta with brown butter: also simple and very good
Escarole and radish salad: very light and refreshing.
Drinks
Campari and grapefruit with basil....one of the better combinations with Campari I have tasted.
Limonchella and iced tea vodka
total bill just about 65, including drinks. 
Overall very pleased with the meal. Best seat in the house is overlooking the open kitchen.Yum!  Have been to Vetri and Osteria and loved both so I figured I'd enjoy Amis - I was right.  The atmosphere was lively and energetic.  Amis appeals an energetic crowd.  I had the lamb ragu and it was delicious.  The restaurant is more affordable than Vetri's others and offers a diverse menu.  Highly recommended!I'm a little lost on what to rate this place, so I'll explain my experience first. My husband and I live on 13th and Pine, so we were excited that we were so close to a "good" restaurant (they are always packed), so we made a reservation for a Friday night. We were promptly seated and explained the specials, drinks, yadda yadda yadda. I ordered a sparkling red wine to begin with which was one of their specials and we got a bottle of rose to split during our meal. (We found both of these were good and I was pleased that they offered a sparkling red, although at $12 a glass I stuck to one)
We began with the fried artichokes which were very good and then I ordered the tuna fillet with fennel and my husband the roasted lamb with potatoes. We kept our menus just in case we wanted more as I know they are a tapas style place, but since we ordered off the "main course" area we assumed that the price (Around $20 for each) would probably mean that they were larger than the standard tapas. 
Alright, this is where the evening takes a turn, I was presented with my dish, a very nice fillet of tuna with sauteed fennel and lemon. Flash seared on one side and raw on the other it was just to my liking. However I can't say the same for my husband's dish. The lamb was a small (about the size of a cordless telephone) and was accompanied by 4 roasted potatoes. 
That's. It. No sauce. No garnish. Nothing.
The lamb itself was lackluster-dry and chewy-and the potatoes were..well...boring. The table next to us had the same dish and the same reaction. The service was good and I enjoyed my half, so maybe we just got them on a off night or ordered the wrong thing. I'd like to try them again, but my husband refuses to return. 
Total of check was around $115 (the wine totaled to about $50),and I certainly wouldn't say that it was worth that amount of money. I rate it 2.5 stars as it wasn't the worst, but I am still not convinced enough to give it 3.Cucina Romana is a unique cuisine that focuses on preparing fresh ingredients in a simple manner.  The flavor should be intense and clean.  They are at Amis.  Our dinner left me feeing like I was back in my favorite trattoria in Rome.  
Nice bar, good wines that can be bought by the glass or bottle at reasonable prices.  Be sure to start your evening with an cocktail apertivo and save room for the dolci.In the past few years I have dined often enough at Amis. I almost always sit at the bar and I honestly have never had anything less than an amazing experience. Most recently, I took myself on a date: dinner at Amis and a great football game with other rowdy fans. It was a Monday. I wouldn't say I dine solo often but I have done it enough times to have felt uncomfortable in a space and to also feel totally at home. The staff at Amis made me feel quite special this night and so I just had to write this review.
The food at Amis to me is always delicious. A few times dishes have been slightly salty but I can deal with that. This particular night I ordered just two plates and a cocktail. The staff brought me an extra plate for no particular reason (except maybe because I was solo) and all three were extraordinary. I gobbled up every last bite. 
But the service in particular this night was perfect. The bartender was ever attentive but not overwhelmingly so. When you dine alone, this is crucial. You want slightly more attention than if you are in a group but not so much so that it draws attention to the fact that you are alone. This bartender really just nailed it and I'm so appreciative that there are others in this world that are aware of and possess the capability to provide a level of service that is intuitive. Thank you for what you do!AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!!! I came here about four months ago, and I honestly don't remember what I ate or drank. It's a blur. I ONLY remember that I had a DELICIOUS DINNER and LOVELY night at the Amis. Amis has a very similar ambiance as Vernick and Rough. All are very romantic and dimly lit, which is perfect for dates!! Also, they are more on the upscale side, but I find Amis more young and lively (or maybe that's because we were sitting by the bar area). 
Again, we ordered two appetizers. One of them was the fried potatoes. It was okay in compared to Vernick's potatoes. These potatoes were cut too largely, so it wasn't as crunchy and was more starchy (potato-y). Also, with the great amount of starch, it fills you up quickly even though it's only an appetizer. For the main course, I got an order of pasta with little chunks of meat. I CANNOT RECALL the name of the pasta, but it was SO PERFECT! I usually never finish my pastas, but I FINISHED it! I almost wanted to eat the plate too....but my date stopped me. The pasta was cooked to the right hardness, about a minute passed al dente. Soft enough but not too soft giving a bouncy feel. The sauce - tomato, meat, and cheese - was in great proportions creating a satisfying and comforting meal! 
The BEST was the alcoholic drink. Again, I don't remember the name of the cocktail because the waitress recommended it, and with all those Italian names that I cannot even pronounce, it's hard to remember the names. The drinks was PINKish-RED. First I was given a glass of (I forgot what color) wine or champagne. Then, I got a side of sugary, shaved ice looking like type of thing that I added to the glass. That unknown substance was delicious! It made the drink sweet but alcohol, which is EXACTLY what I wanted.
Besides the food, the ambiance is awesome! Upscale, romantic, yet relaxing. Also, the server knew the menu very well and gave very good recommendations! I would totally come here again to try something knew plus find out those names of the dishes!We went for dinner with high expectations but were disappointed with the food. Ordered the combination salumi platter, quail antipasti and cacio e Pepe pasta.
Quality of salumi was good but the plate was unimaginative. Left us wanting for some cheese or pickled veggies. And overall too sweet. 
Quail again was cooked well but came with cornmeal and cherry(?) sauce.. Nothing that wowed the palette. 
Cacio e Pepe was dense and Parmesan that became a cheese sauce making the pasta too heavy. 
Was expecting clean, fresh flavors overall from a restaurant this caliber, unfortunately it falls short.
Liked the ambience (loud but it was appropriate) and service.Even on a Tuesday evening, Amis is completely booked and running smoothly thanks to the watchful eyes of the general managers and professionalized staff.  Our table of three indulged in smaller anti-pasti and the so-called "quinto quarto" dishes (Italians give this name - the fifth quarter - to parts of the animal that are euphemistically called "variety meats" in the US).  At Amis, these include sweet breads, veal tongue and Roman tripe stew.
All appetizers - the escarole salad with apple, the fried cauliflower (generously offered by the suave assistant general manager), the veal tongue and veal terrine, the scallop crudo and tripa, and the eggplant caponata -  were very good, full flavored and well prepared - the sweet scallop crudo being a stand out.  I have two minor quibbles: the mostarda, served as a rhubarb/strawberry version with the terrine, and a red pepper version with the tongue,  did not have the mustardy snap I love so much and was too sweet for my taste (I have noticed this at other Philly restaurants).  The amount of cheese on the Roman tripe was excessive, similar to a French onion cover rather than the light dusting this dish should have.
We tried two pastas - the bucatini with almond pesto and the special, fettucini with ramps and guanciale - both very good with a nod to the bucatini for lightness.  The bone in lamb shoulder chop was sizable, nicely seared but as one would expect from such a cut, tough in places. 
I also liked the freshly baked, soft bread save for the burned areas that gave it a bit of an acrid taste.
A friendly and effective wait staff, a good beer selection and small but adequate wine list (steeply priced as almost all Philadelphia wine lists) round out an all-around pleasurable dining experience.  No wonder Amis is so popular.  With its assertively flavored plates, bustling atmosphere, and fine service, it ranks among the elite of Philly's restaurants.Amis was my pick for my birthday dinner back in November. I'd been wanting to give it a try for a while now and it did not disappoint! We started off with the bufala ricotta bruschetta and baked pecorino w/almond honey. While both were good, the baked pecorino definitely won that round. Next up were Sal's old school meatballs.. they were simple but in a good way. For our main dishes, I had the fettuccine w/duck Bolognese and he had the bucatini w/jalapeno and pesto. I'm a sucker for anything with duck in it- so getting the fettuccine was an obvious choice. It had lots of flavor and the portion size was perfect. The duck complimented it well. The bucatini was also very good, but after trying both dishes, we each liked our own pick better (as per usual). If you have room for dessert, get the Belgian waffle! 
Ohh and can't forget about the drinks.. I was a huge fan of the Alto and plan on attempting to make it at home!Amazing Italian food. The pasta is some of the best I have had in Philadelphia. A must try if you've never beenCame here for Mother's Day brunch after hearing rave reviews and we were very happy with our experience. The staff was very attentive and truly cared about our experience. The server setting the table next to us even overheard us asking questions to each other about the menu and enthusiastically jumped in to explain. 
I tried the Jersey Cannonball sandwich, which I would highly recommend to anyone who loves a good pork roll, egg, and cheese. It was on a garlic and herb crusted bun that was thin and crispy, with some kind of tomato based spread that was very subtle but made the sandwich special. I'd love to come back and try some of the other items, I had a hard time choosing just one! Also -all of the side items came in pretty large portions. We got a couple for the 4 of us and it was plenty!Reliably excellent! We have been going for years and have never once been disappointed.Really really delicious!  Some of the best food that we've had in Philly.  Our menu:   
Salumi Plate, Olives 
Oxtail Ragu Gnocchi
Mixed Seafood Grill, Fried Artichoke
Polenta and pear dessert 
Go, if only for just the fried artichokes!  I loved pretty much everything we ordered.  Only the dessert was o.k. - Good but not wow.FULL DISCLOSURE- We ordered two bucatini pasta, pork chop and charred octopus and ended up paying only 20 bucks plus tip but here is my honest review. Salty! Salty! Salty! It's very rare to come across bad food. It's easier to come across bad service but this place was just the opposite. They offer "complimentary" water and now I know why, it's cause their food is extremely salty. The charred octopus was more of a burnt and salty octopus. I should have known it was a bad sign when the complimentary foccacia was super salty, still wanted to give it a chance. But then came the bucatini pasta and pork chop, it was just unbearable to eat that we needed to provide feedback to our very nice and attentive server that the food was way too salty. He let his manager know and they ended up charging only for one pasta. We all have different palates but I will use Chipotle salty as a standard to set an example to,this was WAY saltier than Chipotle. I hate to say this but it was unbearable saltiness but this review comes from someone who would prefer bland food to add salt to than salty food that cannot be helped. Two stars is for the service, ambiance is dark and moody which is great for date night.