Finally a South Indian spot in Philly! Totally satisfied my dosa craving ! I had the idli and split the Mysore masala dosa. I loved the sambhar and the stuffing inside the dosa. The raw red onions inside also gave it a little kick. I loved the spice level but may be too much for some. The dosa was spongier than I'm used to, I am used to crispier ones. You could see others had crispier dosas that were not stuffed so that may be the difference. Either way it was good! I am not a big coffee drinker but couldn't resist ordering the filter coffee. Delicious ! Can't wait to go back and try some more things!
Also, we were seated right away, but waited a really long time for our food. I think it's growing pains of a new restaurant but make sure you save some extra time to go here until they get into their groove !Amma's has the best dosa's ever. I have had about half a dozen masala dosa's since they have opened and everyone of them has been fantastic. I hope this place does not go away. I just love southern Indian food.My wife's family is Southern Indian, so eating here was like being back in mom's kitchen. The smells brought us right home and the food was just as good! Every part of the meal was authentic and nothing was Americanized which made it that much better. The spice was great and the attention to detail made the meal, in my opinion, the best Indian I have eaten in Philly. We have tried tons of different Indian restaurants since we moved back to Philly, and nothing quite hit the spot, but I am so glad Amma's is here because now I know I can get the flavors I have been craving!4 stars because the food is amazing! I think Amma's is the first and the only authentic South-Indian restaurant in Philly. The food is great and worth the money. The only issue I have with this place is that the couple of times I've waited they have messed up my order - forgot to place the order or the wait for the food has been painstakingly long! We were given discounts every time i've been in to compensate for the delay! This place always has a wait and if after getting seated they are still messing up orders it's a huge deal breaker. It's been a couple of months since this place opened and their kitchen management is still an issue. I hope the management figures this out. Def will go again for the food!!So initially when they first opened  I gave this restaurant a 4-5 star rating. The food was and still is phenomenal however, the service is a very different story. I was going to Ammas restaurant at least twice a week if not 3 times a week. Just hoping and giving them more time to get it together and have better and faster service. But they completely failed and I just refuse to go there again or even recommend anyone. Don't get me wrong, the food is still great. But that's only if you feel like waiting at least 1 hour for the simplest dish! It's hard to find parking in the city as is so look forward to receiving a parking ticket. Every time I go there I have to keep bugging the waiters for my food. One time I could tell they totally forgot about my order because the food came out cold. I understand the weekends can get very busy and crowded but I've gone there during the weekdays and pretty much tried my luck on every day of the week. No luck at all. So if you wanna have great food but are willing to wait at least and I improvise on AT LEAST ONE HOUR then this is your place. I'm talking at least 1 hour for a simple dosa. Imagine how long the other more complex dishes can take.  They lost a great customer here. Needless to mention I'm always a group of 3.This is the best place in Philly to go for authentic South Indian food! Their Sambhar is perfectly balanced with the spices and the idli is super soft and tasty. I had badam milk as the beverage and was extremely pleased with the flavor of saffron, cardamom and almonds in the milk! I would be returning to Amma's again, for sure!Great dosa, great appetizers though everything was very spicy for us. The dosas are quite sizable and delicious- finally a true great spot in philly. My only complaints- the service was very slow and the size of the restaurant makes it very difficult to move around.By far the BEST South Indian food in the tristate area, if not, the entire east-coast. All of the food is very authentic and is extremely tasty.The best south Indian food we tasted in the US! We had chilly chicken, chicken kothu porotta and masala dosa and all of those were really delicious.. Masala dosa is as good as it gets! Perfectly crispy dosa with a very tasty masala filling. We went there on a saturday during lunch hour and even though the restaurant was crowded, we got our food quite fast.. Pleasant staff and great service.. Will definitely visit again.. :)Best Indian in the region, hands down. Intense and yet subtle flavors. Wonderful variety. Great takeout!Great tasting food with a variety of menu choices to pick from. Staff is friendly and quick with service.One of the worst dining experiences I've had in a very, very long time. I came for lunch and was seated in the back hallway, adjacent to the bathrooms, where they apparently had no server assigned.  I had to flag down people from the dining room to put in our order, and then waited.  And waited.  After 45 minutes, knowing I was pushing against a meeting, I asked to have the food to go and to have the check.  After an hour, still nothing, not even the mango lassi that my companion ordered.  I asked a couple more times about whether the food was coming, "two more minutes" was the reply each time.  After an hour, I went to the front to again ask for the check; the manager(?) came back, checked in with the kitchen, and said the food was coming out in two minutes and whether or not we wanted it to go (as, apparently, the kitchen was unaware of the request).  I said yes, but that we needed the check now.  And then we waited.  After an hour and 15, I needed to run and left my companion to deal with the check (and he was going to bring me the food at my office).  The check apparently came soon thereafter (with nothing comped or even an apology for our trouble), but it was another half hour before the food came, by which point he was also running late for a meeting across town.  So, in the end, the two of us spent almost $40 for the privilege of sitting next to a bathroom and one of us got to eat cold food after his meeting; according to him, there was not even an apology.  Food smelled great!  But, that only really counts when you get to actually eat it.The best South Indian food I ever had! It's a little spicy for me but totally yummy. I have become a regular patron of this place since I moved to Philadelphia. Highly recommended!So excited that Philly finally has a full-on South Indian restaurant! I'd been wanting to visit Amma's in Voorhees for awhile. Now I don't have to! My friends and I split Mysore bonda and gobi Manchurian for appetizers. Both were excellent - the gobi especially was light and not overly sweet, as it sometimes can be. We then ordered idli with rasam, and two curries - the Chettinad with "country chicken" and the Gongura. Both excellent. I will be returning soon. The atmosphere and the service was excellent.I ordered the South Indian Non-Veg Special... and it was more disappointing than I had expected... which is kinda sad... I heard from one of my co-workers that Amma was really good...  Maybe it's the dish that I ordered or the fact that I wasn't sure how I was supposed to eat everything that made my experience worse.  I did takeout as I had to get back to work...
Another thing is, I paid $15 for my meal and it was a to-go container full of rice, a small container of some lamb stew thing and the rest were all in 8 tiny condiment containers. I got two fried wrap things and 1 wrap.  This really was not worth the price that I paid.  And the food was a bit too spicy for my liking as all I could taste was the spiciness and not the flavors anymore.  The spiciness was overpowering.  
I'm still hungry... I'm not sure if I would try Amma again, but if I do, I would probably try something different...My rating is more of a 3.5, but I'll round up since Amma is fairly new and still working out some kinks. My girlfriends and I came here for dinner a few weeks back and had a generally enjoyable experience. If I were only rating them on food, I would totally give 5 stars. However, the service was pretty disappointing. Despite having a reservation, we still waited quite a long time for a table. When we got seated, no one came to take our order for another long while. After we ordered, waited, and the food finally came, the server did something strange--he used a spoon to dig through our curries because he wasn't sure which curry was which. Halfway through our meal, we discovered that they had mixed up what I ordered with what my friend had ordered, so we ended up unknowingly eating each other's food (partly our fault for not realizing, I suppose). I will say that the food itself was pretty amazing. The manager did try to compensate for the mix-up at the end by not charging us for the rose lassi I had ordered, which we appreciated. Overall, I would definitely go back to Amma for another round of deliciousness, though I would probably wait until they've worked out some of the issues when it comes to their service.One of the best Indian spots in Philly. Amazing variety of South Indian food, as well as North Indian options. I would highly recommend this place if ever in Philly. Prices are higher than a standard Indian restaurant, but you can taste the difference in the quality. Fantastic service as well.Was suggested this place by a colleague of mine. I was here few weeks ago and cannot stop raving how good the food was. One of the best south indian food in Philadelphia.Glad that a South Indian speciality restaurant i now is philadelphia in such an accessible location. The food is great, but service is a bit slow. I guess they are still figuring it out. Overall a nice place.Really incredible. If you're a South Indian novice like me get the lunch combo special. There were a bunch of different things that I never had and never heard of that were outstanding. Best way to try a new cuisine.. just get the special. May not go back to North Indian cuisine!Me and my wife have been here couple of times. It serves very authentic South Indian food . There are not much south India  restaurant here in philly . What we like about this place is food . If you love Dosa this is the place to come . 
What I don't like about this place is service which is below restaurant standard it seems like the kitchen is chaos and they don't have a proper food line in the kitchen  . For example we order 1 masala dosa and 1 rave Dosa .After half hour of wait the masala dosa came to the table and we both shared it but then we have to wait for another 20 mins for the next dosa which I think is little too much . They were nice and gave us discount but it was not the first time for us we have experienced the same kinda service previously but we will still come there just for the food . So if u are foodie and like to eat and yeah get a drink it's a byob because u have to wait long for food . Why not get a drink. 
So overall food is 5 stars , Service is 2 star . They need professional people in the floor who have worked in a fast paced city environment everyone seems to be lost busboy , sever . But I am still giving 4 star because of the food . I hope they will improve their service and get used to the fast pace city.Delicious. Glad to see a south Indian place. The food is so much better than north Indian.The South Indian at Amma's is super authentic. And the dishes are consistently good. We tried Mysore Masala Dosa, Chettinad Masala Dosa, Mutton Kuttu parotta, medu wada and non veg thali. Each of the items was consistently authentic, fresh and of very good quality. The Mysore Masala Dosa though was a bit too spicy for us. Would definitely love to go back. Parking is an issue as the place is in Philly downtown and is a medium sized establishment that tends to get packed super quick.Its the best south indian food place in Philadelphia i love the food over here 
I have even suggested all my friends to visit this place .
The price is perfect and the food over here is even good.We were looking for dosa in Philadelphia and stumbled upon Amma's. The dosa was everything dosa should be: crunchy, lightly sour, accompanied by delicious sambar and other sauces. It came with potato masala which was also excellent. Can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu! So glad this place is open in Philly nowI took my husband here on a random weeknight. Staff was courteous and seated us right away. They even offered to move us to a table that was away from a busy walkway within the restaurant, which was also very sweet. 
I'm South Indian and I have really high expectations for Indian food. I'm not really a fan of non-authentic Indian food, or anything laden with cream...South Indian food can also be hard to get right in my experience because there is a tendency to load our cuisine with oil. I'm also kind of a wimp with spice and I can't really handle it if a dish is absolutely nuked with chili. 
However, I have to say this restaurant is the only one I've been to that has matched (dare I say even surpassed?) my parents' home cooking. We both had the rasam to start and it was perfect, sour and spicy. I ordered a rava dosa which was absolutely wonderful, cooked to perfection, very crispy and had terrific flavor. The coconut and tomato chutney served with it was also fantastic.
My husband had one of the chicken curry dishes that I can't remember the name of...his dish tasted exactly like my parents' chicken curry and he looooved it.  The spiciness was on POINT--it wasn't so much that it gave me heartburn, but I still felt the satisfying burn that reminds me of home.
The ambience is simple, the service is prompt, the fare is very authentic, the price is right, and we'll definitely be back!Amazing! I really like this place and it's extensive menu. If you can't decide you can't go wrong w any type of dosa.Me and my husband dined in today at Amma's restaurant. We were actually on a vacation at philly. I just checked their reviews before dined in. We ordered appetizer mendu vada, idli vada, entrees mysoor madala dosa, sambhar rice bowl with papad and pickle, desert Amma's special vanilla ice cream and madras coffee. We were so amazed by the taste of South Indian food. The food is very authentic served in a banana leaf. I must say There's none restaurant like Amma's restaurant in entire New Jersey. I highly recommend this restaurant guys. Thank you for the food you guys prepare please keep this taste and quality up you will never loose any customer.The chettinad here is one of the best things I've ever eaten. It's spicy as all hell, but I've never had anything quite like it anywhere else. Sometimes I just kind of think about it. I wouldn't even be hungry or anything. I just like to think about the chettinad and life and stuff. The podi dosa is also something I recommend trying. Again, spicy as hell, but tasty.Best Indian food in Philly. This place serves great dosas.Simply excellent. Prompt seating and service (5:30 PM on Saturday), perfect spice, rich flavors.Excellent South Indian food! We ordered the nattukozhi soup, chicken kottu paratha and spinach masala dosa. We loved all three! Thank you for bringing my Amma's kitchen to Philly!Delicious food, excellent service, amazing location. I am a butter chicken and saag paneer snob, and both were done to near-perfection. The staff were polite and extremely accommodating. Definitely a great addition to Center City; I'll be coming back.I was going to leave a decent review, but OMG! can the staff be anymore scattered/incompetent?! First they added stuff to our bill we hadn't ordered. Then they forgot to put in our to go order and made us wait over a half hour after we had paid our bill and vacated our table. We asked over and over and were told 'just a minute'. I am so mad now that any good impressions are just gone.Great food. Got the veggie lunch special. Lot of food and priced well. Everything was perfectly spiced.As a girl straight from Hyderabad ( As South Indian as it gets ), I had high hopes for the restaurant. I genuinely think the place has such high reviews because there's rarely any South Indian restaurants in center city but a plethora of North Indian cuisines at every corner.
To start positive, the chai here is amazing! It feels like you're back in India when they give you the copper cup and saucer. The dosa, however, isn't your standard crispy masala dosa. Although it was pretty good, I've had much much better dosas at places like Sarvana Bhavan. The vadas also weren't fluffy ( the dough was still pretty sticky inside )and had way too many black peppercorns in them. The utthapam was your standard onion- chili utthapam so I would definitely give that a go!
I didn't order any curries so maybe the place is great for that (: overall, a pretty decent place to satisfy a South Indian dish craving. If you want classics though, Edison is your best bet ( north Jersey).Food's decent but min wait time before bringing anything from the order on all 3 visits has been 40 mins. Max was 1 hr and 5 minI live in West Philly and haven't had Indian food outside of West Philly because I feel like nothing outside West Philly will be better (unless I go to NJ). How wrong I was. This place is incredible. The dosa was incredible. My friend who has been to South India says it's legit. I don't have a point of reference as to its authenticity but I loved everything we ate. We got the potato dosa, the saag paneer, and then a special eggplant dish. There was so much food that we ended taking half of it home. The staff were incredibly friendly and it was BYOB! Go here and you won't regret it.I was so optimistic about giving this place a 5, but read on and you will see why!
My SO has been saying this for years that there is no good South Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and we always took a road trip to Edison, NJ to get his fix. So I was more than excited to share with him the news of this gem opening up in center city. Unfortunately we picked the wrong day to visit- Sunday afternoon for lunch! It was packed and the average wait was 30 minutes, since we spent 10 minutes trying to get our name on the list, I noticed that the staff was clearly overwhelmed by the response and they were simply not trained to manage such a huge crowd. 
Any way we got our table around 45 minutes later and were given the menus, luckily we were able to place our order immediately, some of the other patrons had to wait a while, or get the attention of one of the servers. 
We ordered the chicken Chukka for appetizers and idli Wada with sambar and for the entrees we got the chicken khotu paratha and chicken biryani. 
Our appetizers came out within minutes, however we had to hail down a server for silverware, taste wise it was a 5/5, perfectly spiced and deliciously fresh. This set the bar quite high for the main course, while waiting for the entrees we looked at the menu more and wanted to get a dessert, after about 30 minutes we asked one of the servers to add the dessert to our order, 10 minutes later they brought the dessert but no entrees, after pointing out the obvious the manager rushed over and apologized profusely, we get it. The place is barely a month old. 
Entrees arrived and they were so so so so good! However we couldn't finish it all and took most of it home. Caution - food is authentically spicy so if you are not used to spicy food, ask the servers for other options( they have plenty) 
My second visit was today and it was during lunch hour. I got the non veg thali which has 15 different things on the plate! Each one as delicious as the other! 
I can't wait to go back and give them a 5 star review!I'm happy Philly is finally hopping onto the South Indian train. India is such a diverse country, it can't be that the representative Indian food outside of India is only limited to Punjabi or north Indian cuisine!? We ordered the Kerala Fish Curry and Gunpowder Dosa. Amma's has a very diverse menu with representative dishes from all regions of south India. However, from the two dishes that we ordered, we felt the taste was slightly off. Both the dosa and Kerala Fish Curry were tasty but lacks that Indian masala kick to it. I felt like the chefs may have toned down the flavors to cater towards the non-Indian patrons, which is a shame for this restaurant. It's packed with people and has so much potential. The Gunpowder dosa was supposed to be spicy but was instead mild. Kerala Fish Curry was pretty bland as well. I admire what this restaurant is trying to do but I feel like it has a long way to go. Work on the spices and seasoning and maybe this could go from a good south Indian restaurant to a GREAT south Indian restaurant.Vannakam, in other words Welcome! Welcome to this amazing South Indian restaurant in the heart of downtown Philadelphia. Amma means Mother and I was dying to salivate over her recipes. The aroma of the Masalas is the first thing that drew me in and then the modern design of the restaurant. It had a simplistic view, I loved the bricks. To my amazement, it was quite busy on a Thursday evening. 
My friend and I ordered few of his favorite dishes and shared everything. We started the meal with mutton chukka, goat nestled in spicy masala and caramelized onions, soo good. The spice level was quite high, even for my taste buds. Next, we tried Podi Idli and Masala Dosa. Idli is a saucer-like steamed bun, very vegan btw. Anyways, they cut the Idli and stir fry with masala. Again, it was very spicy and soo good! Masala dosa was good but it was little cold when I started eating it. 
We ended the meal with Madras Filter coffee. I love love love Bru coffee, reminds me of the days i vacationed in India. Such great memories. Isn't it great when a certain food/drink brings you back to the happier days. That's what I felt when I dined at Amma's. 
I will surely be back for more.Great place ....
The Place opened Two weeks ago and the food is very tasty & authentic.....
I had a spicy Royalaseema Kara dosa - reminded me of the time I had it in south India....
The flavours were so fresh.
Very reasonably priced for the location and the quality of food.....
Customer service definitely above par...
My server Nisha helped me choose the right kind of dosa per my choice..
And asked me multiple times if I was enjoying my food and whether it was as per my taste.
Overall a very good experience....Food was good. I've eaten Indian a few times but this menu is different than what I'm used to. I ordered malabar porotta, aloo bonda, chilli chicken and a side of rice. I liked the aloo bonda which was a little appetizer stuffed with potato. The chilli chicken was nice and spicy and went well with the basmati rice. I've had better roti than the malabar porotta so I wouldn't order that again. Overall very great and yummy.Dropped in on a Thursday at 8 pm. This very simply decorated easy to find restaurant was packed with happy young adults. I told the friendly waiter that I was not hungry and he recommended their Onion Rava Masala Dosa ($13.95). It was plentiful and delicious, and came with three wonderful dipping dishes, all so tasty, one clearly spicy. Was stuffed with potato veggie combo also yummy. There is no beer here, but their Mango Lassi was superb. Room for sweet and hot Gulab Jamun, also perfect. Very efficiently run by large attentive staff.  Wish I lived nearby!The customer service was top notch. I think I have had better S. Indian cuisine but our party of 3 ordered chicken biryani, paneer tikka masala and the vegetable lunch (the one that comes with various mini small plates). For drinks the mango lassi was awesome. The chapathi was good but the other buttery bread they had way better with the sauces. Their paneer tikka masala was probably the best meal since it was very rich and the food was quite a lot. The biryani was good too and also spicy and did I mention top notch customer service? Will come again but I will try a different meal.Ordered take out, they told me 20-25 min. I came back in 30 min and they told me 5-10 more min and I saw people come in order and get their food and leave before me. Took 50 minutes to get my food. Food is alright, not worth the wait. They weren't even that apologetic.I'm just floored by the extremely fair and even generous pricing of such a diverse and opportunistic menu. A MUST try for anybody that enjoys or would like to expand their horizons on Indian cuisine in PhillyThis is one of the few amazing South Indian places around Philadelphia. While the food is amazing, the service was slow, inattentive, and honestly overwhelmed. This could be very well due to the new opening and just unexpected volume. But the food was amazing. We've been doing takeout since and it is absolutely worth the wait. It's also great to sit down and eat if you have some time. Maybe Philadelphians are used to a quick turnaround and service and this place asks you to sit down and take time to enjoy the experience. Either way, we will be continuing our weekly takeout from there!We genuinely enjoyed the food! Tasted very authentic! 
Service could definitely have been better. It's a new restaurant so maybe they are just getting a handle on the place. However, the place was PACKED around 1pm on a Saturday and the service was terrible. I think there were two waiters total for the entire restaurant. An improvement in service is definitely needed to compete with other Indian restaurants in the area. 
If you're not too picky with service, this place is excellent for quality South Indian food!Terrible over priced food. What a waste of my $16. I ordered Tikka Masala and it came in a small bowl instead of a normal big platter size container. The basmati rice was awful. Didn't look authentic. I only got 4 pieces of chicken in my Tikka Masala and the rest was nothing but gravy with no spice and no flavor.  Absolutely disappointing.i visited this place for weekend lunch recently. Service was efficient and staff were very responsive and attentive. I tried a lunch menu for non-vegetarian.  I liked cabbage stir-fry and curries a lot and i enjoyed a desert like purple color sweet soup much more than i expected after spicy foods. The flat bread like pancake was tasty, too.King our waiter was excellent. The restaurant service was amazing. Looking forward to coming back.Delicious food with some pretty authentic South Indian recipes. Their dosas are generously sized but slightly on the pricier side. The chutneys were on point.My go to. I just love this place so much. They are the GOAT. I've gone back I don't know how many times but I've tried 4 types of curry. All of the soups. The roti was so good. Their mango drink was amazing. And it's for such a great price for excellent food. If you haven't gone there do yourself a favor and go."Amma" means mom in Telugu ( one of the main South Indian languages)
Growing up eating my own amma's food everyday, I was very skeptical about this place. But seeing how popular it had become in just a few weeks after opening, I had to go see for myself. 
The menu has a wide variety from the classic chicken tikka that most people have heard of to more traditional South Indian dishes - like dosas, idlis, and vadas. The menu is extensive so I recommend googling pics of things before ordering or going with someone who knows the cuisine - at least the first time there!
My thoughts: 
- Chicken 65 was dry - I think it could be made better with gravy. 
- The masala vada was average - a little more dense than I would have liked. My friend described it as similar to seasoned/spiced corn bread, which is a pretty spot description. 
- Chicken curry with rice was good - can't remember which type of curry I ordered but it was towards the bottom of the list. 
- The onion masala rava dosa was very similar to the dosas made at home so enjoyed this very much! It comes with potato curry as a side. 
- based on other reviews, I will try the chai and the uttapam next time!
I may have higher standards because I was spoiled with these foods growing up, but when my amma's cooking is not close by - this is a great option to satisfy that Indian food craving. This is a great and very unique addition to the Philly food scene!I have impatiently waited many years for an Indian restaurant this good in Center City. My personal favorites include the cauliflower appetizer, the paneer appetizer, and the saag paneer entry. They also make a terrific spiced coffee.Our food didn't get to our table for over an hour. The dishes were mediocre. The portions were very small. Don't waste your time.Amma means mother in South Indian languages and the food served at Amma`s takes you down memory lane and reminds you of your mothers food- simple yet delicious, fresh and finger-licking good. The warm smell of dosas and the filter coffee is inviting and makes me nostalgic of India. It has a very southern Indian ambience. Though it is always crowded, the service is quick and the staff is friendly and attentive. The menu provides a mix of popular dishes like dosas, idli and regional specialties made with fresh ingredients that are truly authentic and shine with flavor. This is the best South Indian restaurant in Philadelphia and they serve the best sambhar in town. 
What we like? All dosas. (my personal favorites- Mysore Masala Dosa and Podi Dosa), Idli , Rasam, South Indian Thali and Eggplant curry. 
Dress: Casual
Spend 15-20$ per person.Excellent south indian food, warm and friendly service.
The dosa was not oily. Highly recommended this page of you are craving for home made dosa!Food: 4.25 Out of 5
My goodness almost everything I had on my non-veg lunch platter was incredible! Authentic flavors and they weren't shy with the spices! The owner checked in with me a couple times and I let him know yes I am slightly glistening from the spices but I love it. The non-veg platter is a set menu of a 7 small different dishes including basmati rice, plain naan, and a crispy dosa for $13.95.
Service: 4 Out of 5
I don't expect to have a conversation with my waiters when I'm starving for late lunch at 3pm. Also no news was good news to these folks.
Environment: 4 Out of 5
Only a couple blocks from city hall. Casual to business casual ambiance.
Overall: 4 Out of 5
A little pricer at $15.07 out the door. Not what I'm used to, but my opinion it was worth it! In addition it was all that you can eat lunch when you order their one of their lunch specials, just let them know! More please!We foolishly decided to come here on New Years Day and had to sit in traffic.  It was absolutely worth it. We tried the Rasam Idli, Malabar Parotta, Chicken 65, and Ennai Kathrikai Kuznambu.  Everything was spiced perfectly and tasty.We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday 30 minutes after they opened and it had already started filling up. By the time it was 1 hr after opening there was a line of people who had to wait. My advice is to get there at the lates 30min after they open unless you have reservations. 
We had this curry soup that has rice and other veggies and boy was it good! 
Then we both got the South Indian Non-Veg Lunch Special.... $14! What a freaking deal. There is so much food. Don't let the small portions fool you. It all adds up. Every dish was excellent. I haven't tried all of the food there but I can tell that the food is just excellent. You can taste all of the spices and it's just a beautiful blend! You will love it trust me. 
The service however... not so great. They aren't trained very well. It's very slow and you have to constantly ask for your water to be filled or for them to take away your empty plates. These really are the minimum requirements I think. But either way the food is 10/10. You should still go there and I cannot wait to go back.This place packs flavor and authenticity like no other Indian restaurant in Philly. I came here for lunch with my colleague who grew up eating South Indian cuisine, and this place brought him right back to his childhood. The place has a very casual sort of rustic yet plain decor. It is essentially one big room with about 20 tables. The servers are very attentive and the orders are served quickly. I noticed that the lunch menu was very reasonably priced. We both ordered the non-veg lunch special which came with an assortment of stews, soup, rice, bread and dessert. We also ordered the idli for an appetizer. 
I never had idli before. It tasted like a grit patty. It was very tasty. I liked the gritty texture. The sauces that it was served with were delicious, especially the orange pepper sauce. 
The lunch special was delicious and very filling. The bread was thinner than naan, but pretty good. The goat stew was really tasty. There was a chicken stew that was pretty good. The rice was very long grain basmati and cooked very well. The desert was like a pasty banana cake. For less than $20 (including appetizer), I was incredibly full. I am very glad this place opened just blocks from my job. I will be back. Their dinner menu looks good too. And it's BYO.Fantastic food.
Pleasant ambience. 
Very courteous people serve food. 
Feel as close to home as we can from this side of the world 
Thali is a must have!I'm in shock. Not sure what just happened to my taste buds. The food here is outstanding. Ordered a tea and the vegetarian meal and went on a journey. I'll be sure to come back.
My only criticism is the music playing. It was this repetitive ambient music that was better suited for a funeral home. Change that up and you'll be perfect.It has been a few weeks since I did not go into the restaurant and today I will not set foot into the place again.  My first experience was nothing but warm and welcome.  Not only was the food superb but the wait staff was so awesome they even gave me unlimited cups of hot masala tea.  Since that time, I tried to get into the restaurant many time.  It has been so busy, due to its outstanding performance that I just could't get in.  But today, I would never want to go in again.
I went up to the person at the hosting platform.  I asked her if I could speak with the manager.  I was going to surprise him because all I wanted to do was give a good review and apologise for not coming in but that everytime I came in, they were simply busy.  The hostess asked me, "What is this regarding?"  I stated a customer relations experience.  She stated that she couldn't let me talk to a manager.  I asked why.  She stated that there were no managers present.  I said that that would not be so because I recognized a few on the floor.  She asked me to leave.  I asked her if she was a manager.  I asked what was her name.  She did not speak at that point and became silent, as I was filing an online complaint with the BBB. 
Since she was no help, I signaled the manager, not one that I recognized, and said I needed to speak with him.  He stated to me that I needed to wait outside and he would speak with me.
After him not coming out I turned on my webcam and went back into the restaurant.  Yes, I was filming.  The manager and the waitress charged me, grabbed me and try to retrieve my phone.  They got it for a second, I managed to grab it back.  I have marks on my eyes from being beaten by the hostess and the manager who did so while they locked the door and I could not get out.  I managed to escape their stronghold, quickly unlock the lock, and left in fear.  This is all recorded but to show you just a clip of who was involved, here are some snap shots from the video.
I have never had this happen ever.  I was never so fearful in my life and attacking a United States Disabled Veteran is not, who happens to be gay, and a caregiver for someone with a traumatic brain injury, is not how we should treat each other.  All I wanted to do is surprise the manager with a great review, they will be getting a letter in the mail.  I am still shaking from the incident.  Sad I live right nextdoor.  They called the cops on me.
If this is hard for you to believe, I look forward to seeing the video once it is released.  Until then enjoy the screenshots I took during the confrontation with staff.  My warning...  Walk in with Battle Armor!Food was as expected. Bit on pricer side of South Indian food given its known for simplicity, price paid for big city dining. Steel leaf plates were huge, tables not so big enough. Extra charge for chutney side was not a norm. It's like McDonalds charging for Ketchup.Amma's is the restaurant Philly needed.  I tried there dosa and it was just delicious. The owner and the staff are really friendly. We went on a Saturday night and it was super busy. So somehow they served 4 of us and forgot to bring out food for the other 2 people. So when we asked the manager, he made sure we got the food in the next 5 mins. And then he was kind enough to send us a Sizzling brownie at the end. There Ras malai is the best I have had in the country. I recommend this place strongly but would suggest a little more attention to the orders.Have been so excited to go since I heard this place opened. I ordered the rasam, mulligatawny, chettinad mixed vegetable curry, and onion rava masala dosa. The rasam soup was by far my favorite. Dosa was good but it wasn't hot so just a minor let down but am excited to try it another time anyways. I'd pass on the chetinnad mixed vegetable curry though...not that it was bad just nothing special for me. I also got the filter coffee after reading reviews here and I didn't love it like everyone else.
I had wanted to get the vegetable biryani but the staff member thankfully mentioned they mix it with yogurt which sucks a little bit for my non dairy eating friend so we passed on that. I am actually not even a fan of raita and usually don't add it to biryani anyways so it would be great if they didn't premix it in before serving it.
edit: 2nd trip. Got the 15 item thali and I wish i took a picture but for some reason it only had 11 items...idk why. I read another review where they had the same thing happen. We also had a solicitor come in and ask for money/our food. I get that this is philly and it happens but the staff completely ignored it and allowed this which i find somewhat unacceptable.This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Philly. Incredible and authentic South Indian food (get the Lunch Special!) and not as stuffy/expensive as indeblu.This is an amazing South Indian restaurant in a weird spot next to Popeyes on Chestnut. 
Once you get past that, the interior is really nice. I thought the tables looked way too small for all the food, but once we were sitting and the food came, I realized that it did indeed, fit.
We started with the spicy dosa which was definitely spicy as well as the lentil soup and dip it was served with! We then got and shared the Saag Paneer and Tikka Masala Paneer, served with rice. Both dishes were fantastic but I'm still dreaming about that Saag Paneer.
I look forward to many more trips here.This place definitely needs more credit. I've eaten here a few times. Each visit my friends and I never had to wait for seating, the service was amazing and fast. I enjoyed the various presentations when the food arrived. Above all, the food was outstanding!I came here February 11, 2020 for a group dinner. Pre dinner it was authentic, very hot, and quite good. But little did I know. The next day I couldn't stop using the bathroom. At first I thought ok, maybe this is normal, but then the day after that the same. Now I know it's something wrong, first I thought it might be the spices, I don't really eat Indian food much, but after 4 days of diarrhea I had to see a doctor. I also talked to my others coworkers, they also got sick 5 of us in total. I looked the restaurant up after on phila.gov this restaurant had gotten shut down, multiple citations for food violations. Thawing shrimp in hand washing sink, water not at correct temperature, contaminated meat. I had to sent stool samples to the lab, she told me salmonella poisoning is a possibility, I'm currently being test for all stool bacteria. I'm still having diarrhea issues and I'm posting this on February 18, 2020. DO NOT COME HERE. Unfortunately I can't post with zero stars, so I have to give it a 1.You passport is just around the corner in a new eatery!. A spice of life to delight all, plus to refresh the mind and body?. Way to sooth the spirit!.I went here for my 30th birthday. When I tell you guys they have the best butter chicken in the city!? They have the best butter chicken in the city! What stands out the most is their turmeric flavor sauce compared to the traditional tomato sauce at other establishments. I'm sure there is still a certain level of tomato paste and there but I love how it doesn't over power the chick or rice.This is the best hospitality I have ever had from any restaurant!!! When I ordered my dish and it wasn't up to my spice level and tasted sweet, the staff was extremely apologetic and understanding and was so quick to making sure we got the correct dish that was ordered. Within minutes, they were at my door to give us a new dish, and called to follow up multiple times to make sure we were enjoying our meal and offered to bring more dishes. You will never find a place that is this hospitable and caring towards their customers. Thanks Amma's Kitchen!! We really appreciate it and recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for some traditional South Indian food in Philadelphia.The one and only South Indian restaurant in the city of Philadelphia. Great staff, the food is of amazing quality too !
Recommendation: Dosas/ Madras Filter Coffee
Pros:
* Authentic South Indian: Being of South Indian heritage myself, I can pretty openly say that the food served here comes super super close to what one can get in a South Indian household.
* They've an extremely diverse selection of choices, ranging from breakfast food to big dinners.
Cons:
* The spice levels might not be for everyone's palate.
* A little on the more pricier end.Nice ambiance, noisy, not so good food. 
- a dish that was a signature dish was not available. 
- gobi manchurian was very spicy
- the rice was watery and mushy (they replaced after asking)
- the chettinad mixed vegetables was meh without much flavor. 
- Dosa and pavaakkai pakora were ok. 
I am an Indian who has lived here for many yearsBest dosas in Philly! Service was just as great as the food. We were welcomed by a friendly employee, who told us to sit anywhere we'd like. To start we got the Gobi 65 which are crispy cauliflower bites that were served with coconut chutney. They were so fresh tasting and they had this tangy seasoning on them. I then got the onion rava masala dosa. I love my dosas extra crispy and this place made them perfectly crispy! The dosa was over a foot long and was filled with enough potato masala for each bite! They were also served with sambar, coconut chutney and a red chutney. My fiancé got chicken lollipops and the chicken dosa and he was also very satisfied with it all. The location is also so convenient for us. We will definitely be coming back!Service was excellent and also the food quality! I have taken away one star because the rava dosa was awful!
Thali and other items were really good