First things first. Their waiter, Michael is awesome. Attentive, knowledgeable, helpful and very nice.
The food was all good and ambience was good too...
But nothing made want to return anytime soon for some reason...nothing unique or different maybe?
Warm French bread with sweet butter was simple and yummy :)
Their sunchoke soup was creamy and warm.
The chicory salad lacked acid big time.  The hazelnut was perfect in it but a squeeze of a lemon would have helped a lot...
Husband really enjoyed his steak frites.  
I thought the scallops I got was lovely and really delicious with its accompanying sauce and vegetable.
The chocolate cheesecake proved to be too thick and rich for us BUT the blueberry/apple tart with salted caramel ice cream was AMAZING!  Really, truly warm, flaky, not overly sweet and just darn good :)
Actually, I want more of that tart now :(Dined here for Restaurant Week which we took the same way we do Sips; slightly off the beaten path choice where it's not overcrowded, you get a good value for the deal, and try somewhere you might not go otherwise. Think Amuse : Square 1682 : : Fogo de Chao : Ladder 15.
As previously mentioned, but worth repeating, reconfirming, and making a point of the service here is slow.  Really slow.  I love the idea of enjoying your meal, trust me.  The Mediterranean 3+ hour meal is something the dining scene here would do well to promote.  But this is different, this is not order when you're ready style relaxation.  This is wait to order...order all at once...wait...wait...no drink refills (you could've made more money off me, I wanted to drink more than one cocktail)...get food...wait for next course...you get the point.  We had to pull the ol' give the credit card to the waiter as soon as he brought the check trick because it could've been another 20 minutes before we saw him again.  Meal was a hair over 2 hours long.
So...the food.  I was expecting good food, of course.  But what I got was great.  Actually impressive.  First course was burrata + heirloom salad.  Do you know what a basil crystal is?  Neither did I.  Basically a concentrated crunchy basil.  One of the best salads I've ever had.  Thyme roasted chicken was also impressive.  I usually think the chicken selection is a cop-out but this was totally worth a try.  Better than the steak frites I tried, but heard they were very nice as well.  As was the beet salad.  Dessert was peach cobbler.  Very big, filling, and again excellent.  The 6 spice ice cream is that gritty type that makes you feel like the stuff is homemade.
Food here is 5-stars, but service is a 2.5.Pretentious. Long wait in an almost-empty dining room, although apparently the bar was filling up based on noise level. Bizarre presentation of Chicken Roulade with tiny chicken leg stuck up in the air. Undercooked beans and overcooked inedible beans. Steak frites strangely spongy, both the steak and the frites. Still not sure what the jelly or jam at the end was supposed to be.  Huge disappointment all around. Great looking place, though!This place was disconcertingly empty right in the middle of lunch. We were one of only 3 tables in the place. 
Now 3 stars is A-OK and that is exactly what this place was. It wasn't great or bad. It was truly OK.  The Potato soup (special) had me a bit worried - I'm not sure I ever found any potato in it, it tasted lemony(?) and wasn't great. The Steak Frites was better - nothing wrong or outstanding. The Bernaise sauce could be improved upon. Desert was "chocolate mousse" which came out as cake(?). Excellent cappuccino. Great service except the waiter was bit hard to understand - perhaps the reason my chocolate mousse ended up being a slice of cake. 
So 3 stars, and let me tell 'ya there are plenty of place in Philly I wish we'd gone instead - but it was worth a shot.The bartender was wonderful made the drinks which made our stay great citrus martini ! Absolute citron with a dash of simple syrup lemon  don't drink to many !This restaurant in located in Le Meridien.  We decided to come here for breakfast after spending the night at the hotel.  The service here is so extremely slow, that I think a snail might have been faster.  It took forever to clear a table to seat us, then forever to take our order, then forever for the food to arrive, then forever to get the bill.  And for the price of the food, the service should be snappy because this place is not cheap for what you get.  I had the cinnamon apple french toast, which was pretty tasty.  It was a nice size portion, but I had to pay extra for a side of meat, which I feel like should have just been included, but whatever.  I also ordered tea and at least when I got a refill, that refill was not at an extra charge.  No one was really thrilled with this place.  It was just okay.  If I were to stay in this hotel again, I would not come back here for breakfast.I am so thrilled I was able to experience this restaurant.  I purchased a travelzoo voucher for dinner for two which included two glasses of prosecco, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and a dessert.  Our table had a fabulous view of City Hall at night.  Our server, Megan, couldn't have been more gracious.  We each chose salad for the appetizer, my husband had the butter lettuce and I the arugula.  We were presented with a piping hot loaf of french bread in a white paper bag and creamy butter to start.  The salads were ample and delicious.  My husband chose duck for an entree and I had the tenderloin.  Our entrees were both tender, delicious and ample.  The bordelaise sauce on the tenderloin was to die for.  Since we are not huge eaters, we appreciated the portion sizes and were filled.  My husband could not eat dessert but I ordered the apple crisp with dark rum ice cream.  I wanted to eat it all but didn't have room.  I won't lie, this place is pricey, even with the $69 voucher we spent an additional $76 including tip.Our 3 additional drinks cost $33 but I place it on par with the Four Seasons for service, ambiance and quality.  The space is very chic and trendy.  I don't think enough people know about it. The restaurant manager, Kevin, came to our table to ask how everything was and we had a nice conversation with him.  We will definitewly be back!This place was just ok, which was rather disappointing. I had purchased the Groupon a while back for dinner for two which included 2 drinks, 1 appetizer, and 2 entrees. 
First, the service was kind of slow. Our waiter was very kind, but I think I tad overworked. He was the only waiter I saw and while not a huge place, not a tiny place either. There should be at least two waiters at this place. Maybe there are and the other one called out - I didn't ask.
The drinks were very strong. They did not cheap out on the liquor, which on one hand is nice if you're looking to get smashed. I wasn't looking to get tanked, so I didn't really like mine all that much. I added a little water to it and it was fine. I prefer not to have to do that though.
They brought over a small baguette which was delicious but oddly served in a paper bag. Were we in a supposedly nice french restaurant or were we on a street corner? Felt like like latter. 
We ordered the mussels as the appetizer. They were good, but some of them were bad. This also doesn't usually happen at higher quality restaurants. We had a steak and halibut, and they were pretty good, although they did take a long time to come out. They both came with some vegetables/sides that were fine.
The star of the show and the reason for three stars and not two is the dessert. They had a sweet potato cheesecake that was phenomenal. I might return just for that - and maybe coffee. If you are staying in the hotel and want dessert, order this. 
There are plenty of other options if you walk south a few blocks toward Market St.Very disappointing. 
I made a reservation for our family to celebrate a special occasion. We arrived on time and the hostess was very short and rude with us. She sent us to the hotel lobby with a promise she would come get us in a minute when our table was ready. We sat for 25 minutes with no word from her.  When my husband went to see what the problem was the hostess was at the bar (not at the hostess stand) and the restaurant was only 1/3 full. We ended up leaving. Very disappointing. Amuse ruined our anniversary.I didn't actually go into Amuse, but I was staying at Le Meridien and Amuse prepares room service meals for the hotel. After a tiring day a work, I just didn't have the energy to move from the room so I ordered the sweet potato quiche and the steak frites ( a $7 portion of French fries, so my expectations were pretty high) I was exceptionally disappointed when the meal arrived and the majority of the fries were overcooked, crunchy sticks of grease! Ugh, don't get me wrong, I like a nice crisp fry that crunches when you bite into it, but I could've broken a tooth on these pomme frites! I'm assuming they fried them, let them go cold, and threw them back in the fryer again to heat them up. Disgusting!
Not only that, the quiche was made with puff (flaky) pastry instead of the usual hard crust. Which would have been a nice twist other than the fact that the pastry was completely raw! Not exactly what I was expecting! The hotel kindly removed the cost of the meal from my bill, but I shall not be trying this place again.Went toAmuse tonight at Le Merdian tonight with my wife for my birthday. It was excellent, start to finish. I had the onion soup, my wife a wonderful salad with a duck egg and asparagus, both were top notch. We both had the hanger steak which is their specialty and was awesome.  We ended with creme brûlée which again was great. When we finished, I had an after dinner drink, my wife a wine. The manager knew it was my birthday, bought the drinks and even the desert. Pretty darn nice. We ended having an after dinner drink at the beautiful bar with a top notch bartender. All could not be better and we will be back very soon.I first went there with family because we had a coupon, a great deal that got us 4 drinks, 2 apps and 4 entrees.  The drinks were amazing and so were the apps.  For dinner the lobster bouillabaisse was extremely tasty so much that we were drinking the broth.  I unfortunately got the ribeye, which was pretty much inedible.  I told the waiter about it and got the steak frites instead, which turned out to be juicy and delightful.  The manager came up to us and apologized for the horrible ribeye and gave us the meal on the house as well as 4 free desserts.  They told us to come back, gave us their email address and told us to use our groupon at a later time.
I did come back with friends and used the groupon.  I emailed them like they said to let them know we were coming.  They took care of us extremely well.  Food and service was impeccable.  I highly recommend the lobster bisque, lobster bouillabaisse and steak frites.  For dessert, they make everything in house, but our favorite had to be the homemade gelato.  I  highly recommend this place, they definitely take care of their customers and deliver amazing food and service!  We will definitely be back!A thus far undiscovered gem of Philly. Beautiful environment with the blown glass chandeliers and old wooden arches. The food is wonderful. Their specialty steak frites are mouthwateringly tender and tasty. The service is amazing, I went here once, then came back a month later and the server remembered our name and drinks, such a rare thing! I highly recommend it as a nice date spot.I was just here for the drinks- which were strong (plus!!) no draft beer, (minus!). Bartender was awesome. Small bar.Yummy breakfast.  With kids home from college, my partner and I were looking for a place to have both a casual a good breakfast.  We definitely found it in Amuse. The building is a historical property, having served as both the YMCA and the Pennsylvania Atty. Gen.'s office during its history.  And now, completely refurbished, houses Le Meridien hotel with Amuse as the restaurant on the bottom floor.
Our reservations, made through Opentable.com, were honored on the spot.  Service was extremely good. Their breakfast menu consists of several hearty selections, including freshly squeezed orange juice, delicious Eggs Benedict, and sumptuous pancakes.   Their coffee is superb.  We will have to come back at another time to try some of their other selections.We had two really, really bad meals here during my work trip to Philly.  It is such a shame because the dining room itself and the service are both fantastic.  The wait staff especially were friendly and quick.  Helpful with the menu and good at making recommendations.  
The food was absolutely abysmal.  I hope it was just an off 24-hours, but my feeling is that whoever was executing the menu was not very experienced.  The French Onion soup was cold, the cheese on top had not been fully melted and I was not able to even finish it.  The Flounder was over cooked and the lentils that accompanied it were undercooked.  The pomme frites were oversalted and overcooked, yet cold (a theme for this restaurant, unfortunately)
We were rushed in the morning so tried it again for Breakfast.  Hotel breakfasts are usually good.  No so here.  My potatoes were cold and had an artificial taste to them and my bacon was over cooked / burned but still cold.  It was actually inedible so I sent it back and went to Starbucks.  
Very disappointing because this is a good hotel in a convenient area for where we have to work in Philly.The bar sits in the middle of the hotel lobby.  Actually the hotel lobby is the bar area.  I ordered an old fashioned.  My non-drinking date had a rum based cocktail.  We had some beef sliders and beef tartare.  The tartare came with some toast that were cold and very tough.  The sliders were a little salty.  We sat for about an hour.  Bartenders were friendly and very attentive.
On to the dinner.  I had the salt cured foie gras.  They weren't kidding about it being salt cured.  This was a mistake.  I am sure there are people who will like it.  But it is way too salty for me to enjoy them.
On to the main dinner.  
We had the lobster bouillabaisse.  The seafood was cooked perfectly.  However, they were too salty.  Really not much going on in there besides saltiness.
The lamb loin was the saving grace.  They were tender and very tasty.
For the price they were charging, there are better options in the city.I went there today with my best friend for dinner. The view of the city hall is spectacular. The decoration is good and helps to relax and enjoy your meal. Also, the music is in the perfect volume, high enough to listen while eating and low enough to be able to have a conversation.
We had the restaurant speciality steak with frites, Camparro wine and cheesecake for dessert. Everything was great.  The meat was juicy and soft and the wine was excellent (my father makes his own wine so I consider my self able to judge the good wine, even if I had only 4 sips). Before our meal the shef offered us free appetizers and after our dinner they offer us some impressive chocolate-mind sweets.
The people that work there are really friendly and nice, especially our waiter Michael, he was truly helpfull and he had a nice sense of humor.
I will definately go there again
check the photos for visual details... ;-)Extremely long time waiting. 15 mins to wait for the waitress to take order. 10 mins for the bread. Another 10 mins for our first soup. More than an hour for the main course and the excuse was that the beef needed to be defrost properly before cooking. Our claims was so small and very salty. We didnt expect the French food that salty. Their signature steak was ok. Steak was dry and a little burn. Fries are similar to poppy fries but bigger wedges. If we come back, we would just order the lobster bisque and eat it with bread. That was the good dish. Service was ok. There was one waitress that served 20 people at that time.Came in with a party of eight and all I have to say was...we were entertained (or should I say amused), in both good and bad ways.
First, the good. Since we ordered so much, the staff provided a couple complimentary appetizers, which was really nice of them. The appetizers were really good!
I think one of the reasons they provided appetizers was because it was taking FOREVER for our main courses to arrive. We had to inquire about the wait time twice before staff realized we wanted to eat more than socialize.
The complimentary appetizers set the bar high, so once the main courses came, we were all pretty let down. One person ordered the salmon, and it came drizzled with BBQ sauce. ??? Also, the steak-frites were very...American and we ended up questioning whether this place should really be called a French restaurant at all. I myself had the Lobster Bouillabaisse, which was good, not worth the 34 dollars it cost. I would make it more like a...18 dollar dish. I ended not finishing it since it just wasn't that good.
While the servers were super nice in piecing together tables to fit all 8 of us, it was a bit difficult to get their attentions (or let alone find them) when calling for the check or even inquiring about our food order. I have no idea whether our orders were that difficult to make, but the cooks were taking way too long, considering there were only two other partie in the restaurant at the time.
All in all, the three stars come from the complimentary appetizers, the environment/ambiance of the dining area, and the cool bathrooms.One word, Awesome! This place is awesome top to bottom. The steak, cooked perfectly. The salmon,  I will order next time. So beautifully prepared and presented. The staff are amazing as well. Sherod, if he is on, ask for him. He knows his stuff. Drinks, strong but not overpowering. Just go and thank the reviewers later. Lol.We came for an early 5:30 pm dinner on Valentine's Day and it was pretty empty at that time, which was actually kind of nice.  We were able to get seating by the fireplace, and treated to an herbal infusion Amuse Bouche by the chef.  
Some highlights:
1. Duck parppardelle: Amazing!  Succulent seared duck breast, squash, and pearl onions tossed with hand-made pasta in a creamy yet surpassingly light sauce.  Just fantastic.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and very tender.
2. lamb shank with potato puree, ciopollini onions, and squash: This was a huge entrée was but the lamb was very juicy and tender, and the au jus was perfect with the potato puree.  The vegetable side gave it a nice flavor boost with a hint of tomato and garlic.
3. Chocolate molten lava cake: served with creamy vanilla bean ice cream and a small side of strawberries and whipped cream.  Decadent chocolate cake that meshed perfectly with the ice cream.
Service was just okay, though, as our server forgot about us.  However, the rolls are served with freshly churned butter, which is a nice touch.  A great date night option, albeit a pricey one.  Entrees are around $32-34, and desserts around $10.  They do served Illy coffee, as well.  If you aren't coming on a holiday (ie. Valentine's Day), they do accept Groupons (there's one for $32 for $50).I really liked it. Since I'm not French and having only been to France once, I cannot tell you whether it was truly authentic. However, I am really picky about my food. At Amuse, wine and food were delicious and tasty. I personally prefer oaky or smoky wine. That night, we finished three bottles of same wine that I really enjoyed. I ordered the duck breast, very flavorful and juicy. Even my vegetarian friends liked the only vegetarian entree.Really pleasant experience with great food and extremely attentive service (despite a rough start).  Upon entering, you are not even sure if you are in the restaurant.  It looks more like the hotel lounge for the Le Meridian Hotel (where the restaurant is located).  Our hostess was a bit overworked and there was only one waiter (it was a late meal) and her stress showed at first, so much to the point we almost left. BUT, when she came back, she was much more pleasant and accomodating, which continued through the evening when she checked back on us and brought us coffee and dessert.  All picks were fantastic, from the broiled brussel sprouts w bacon (we shared as an appetizer versus the side dish it was supposed to be), onto the warm and crusty french bread they brought to the table, continuing to the steak friites (cooked medium with AMAZING friites cooked in duckfat), finishing with a rich and decadent espresso mousse with french pressed coffee.  Our main server was top notch as well.  Definitely will return to this wonderful place.One martini.  Two martini.  Three martini.  Lunch!  I took advantage of Amuse's Three martini lunch special and I was not disappointed.  What a bargain!  You get onion soup, steak frites, and (of course) three martinis of your choice for $30.  (Only in the month of September...hurry!)  The steak and frites were both delicious and accompanied by a delightful pesto and aoili sauce that spruced things up a bit as well.  Our server, who was the bartender, was quite friendly and helpful.  I have a dairy allergy, which left me unable to partake in the onion soup.  They were happy to substitute a delicious salad.  Also, there was a list of 5 martinis to choose from, but the bartender was flexible about those selections as well.  My only complaint is that I think they were a bit busier than expected.  There were no tables available (which is not surprising with such a great deal!) and the bartender seemed a bit over extended.  But all in all I was pretty darn satisfied.  I would stop back in for a drink or a steak frite lunch again.Went to Amuse with my boyfriend mid-week. We used a travelzoo deal. There was no one in the restaurant when we got there, but very loud music and a large crowd out at the bar. The service was good- all waiters were extremely friendly and offered opinions on the menu. The food was delicious- charcuterie and veggie plate to start, 2 glasses of house red cabernet. I had the house special- steak frites, and my boyfriend had the chicken. My god were they good. Seriously- even the chicken, which I feel is usually a cop out when dining out- but at Amuse it was divine. For dessert we shared some ice cream- it wasn't great, but I didn't let that ruin my overall experience (and the waiter did offer to bring something else when he noticed we weren't eating the ice cream).
Overall- great place. Ambiance a little strange/stuffy, although it did fill up more as we ate our meal. Service was excellent. It's pricey, but great if you have a coupon/deal.Tried this place out for restaurant week. It's a restaurant that's in a hotel which was very modern and chic. I loved the interior! The dining area is small yet spacious. Tables are a white marble, which was a nice change. I was in a party of 5, on a Wednesday evening. And although we had reservations, it took a while for us to be seated. And there was only one waiter and I believe a hotel employee who was bussing tables... 
The bread and butter was seriously the best part! I think the restaurant made it themselves. They also gave us a spoon with a sample, which was good! 
Overall, the wait time between plates was long. But it's a French place. We waited probably 45 mins for our entrees so we assumed something happened in the kitchen. The waiter was very apologetic and offered us a round of drinks on the house, which we took! Haha 
The overall experience was alright.#lateryelp for 1/30/13
I went to Amuse for January's Restaurant Week (1 appetizer, 1 entree and 1 dessert for $35) and had a great experience! My friend and I arrived around 5:30pm on a weekday. It was completely empty so we had an attentive waiter.
The food was amazing - the flavors were well-balanced and the portion sizes were perfect! 
Cured duck starter (starter) - The waiter brought out a starter of cured duck w/ tiny croutons compliments of the kitchen. It was okay - nothing spectacular. 
French bread (starter) - The bread was presented in a paper bag which i thought was unique - it felt very European/rustic. You could tell they just took it out of the oven because it was hot and fulfilled the 2 golden rules of perfect bread: crunchy on the outside & soft on the inside. 
Lobster bisque (appetizer) - They didn't skimp on the lobster - every spoonful had a big chunk of lobster which was luscious and silky. The bisque had an interesting earthy undertone - almost as if it was infused with mushrooms. It's hard to describe but all you need to know is that this soup is yummy!
Scallops and Pork Belly (entree) - The dish came with 3 scallops and 2 pieces of pork belly. It was surprisingly filling. The scallops were succulent and had a nice sear on the outside though I didn't care for the accompanying apple compote. The pork belly was the true star on the plate. It was almost melt in your mouth tender, and I really enjoyed the braised red cabbage and pork belly pairing. The entree was my favorite part of the meal.
Pumpkin cheesecake (dessert) - The pumpkin cheesecake was fantastic. The piece was pretty big - I couldn't (but wished I could) finish it all. 
The mint chocolate was a nice touch to cap off my meal.
I would definitely recommend coming here for dinner because the decor was beautiful, and you get an awesome view of the city lights. 
And don't forget to mention if you're a Starwood member! At the time, Starwood was running a promotion for restaurants in the Le Meriden, so I ended up paying $30 instead of $35! Membership perks FTW!I......should.......write.........this.........review.........like.........this, so that you get the idea of the speed of the dining experience at Amuse. But, first things first....
As you walk through Amuse's 20 foot oak doors, climb the stairs and go through their equally as large glass doors, you instantly feel like you don't belong. The place is immaculate. It was impeccably clean; chairs lined up perfectly, servers in crisp, clean black uniforms, marble and mahogany everywhere, AND, no one so much as looks at you when you walk in. We stood around at the hostess stand for about 3-4 minutes just looking lost until someone came to assist us. Also, there was some CREEPY video playing behind the bar of a man standing perfectly still in the middle of the ocean. The waves were moving but the silhouette was PERFECTLY STILL. It felt like Jason coming out of Crystal Lake. Seriously, creepy. 
ANYway, after finally being sat, we waited AGAIN for literally 10-15 minutes before our waiter came over to us. Despite his speed, which was somewhere between "glacier" and "turtle drunk on NyQuil" he was an absolute gem. He was VERY nice; almost suspiciously nice, and very polished. He was helpful and knowledgeable and took care of us very well. After placing our orders; onion soup for the misses and the charcuterie (meat and cheese board) for me, we waited....again. (Coincidentally, our DRINKS came back pretty fast; a cosmo for her, and something called a Boulevardier for me, which was VERY good. (Makers Mark Bourbon, Campari, Sweet Vermouth) The drinks are strong and not terribly over priced. Somewhere around $10 for each. As the drinks came out, our waiter noticed we had not gotten our bread and he brought it out. It was good as far as bread goes. It was piping hot and soft, but still having a crunch on top. The only knock was that it was served with like a quarter teaspoon of butter. I really wish there was more butter but at this point I was so hungry I would've eaten the menu.
When the appetizers came out, we got down to business. The misses onion soup was classic onion soup but my meat board was something to behold. Taste wise, it was good, not great; some pate', pepperoni, a soft cheese (Brie perhaps?) fresh ground mustard, ginger root and a fig compote served with crustinis. The presentation was beautiful. It was all served, nicely laid out on a wooden block. 
Again, we were Somolian hungry at this point, so apps were gone in a few minutes. Then, we waited. And waited. And WAITED. After what felt like FOREVER, but was probably around 40-45 minutes, out come the entrees; a pepper crusted ribeye for me (medium! what took so damn long?!), and a salmon roulade with artichokes and a white clam sauce for the misses.
When they say "pepper crusted," boy do they mean it. The steak was ENCASED in a pepper shell. I almost had to CRACK it to get to the steak. The steak itself was beautifully cooked, and was served with mushrooms and fennel bulbs, but the pepper overwhelmed the steak a little. The salmon I found to be a little "fishy," although the white clam sauce was delicious. With dinner, we also had two glasses of house wine; pretty good, with a standard pour.
Off to dessert, and this is where Amuse kinda went off the rails. On the dessert menu were 6 spice crepes. The description was "Chocolate Ricotta Filled, Bananas Foster Sauce, Nutmeg Chantilly"...uh, YES PLEASE! It was like someone wrote down my own thoughts for deliciousness and handed it to me. We decided to split that and away our waiter went. After another wait, (I honestly forget how long this one was. We were conditioned to ignore time and space by this point) out come our crepes. First, I don't know why the number 6 is in this title. There were TWO crepes. Second, I don't know why "bananas foster sauce" is in the description. There was none. Third, I don't know why this dessert is on the menu. It was TERRIBLE. UGH. 1 bite and I dropped my fork in horror. Our waiter came over to ask how dessert was, and I told him that I had to be honest and that it was atrocious. Like I said, this man was a gem, so he said, "let me make you an apple crumble!" And sprang to the kitchen to get us a proper dessert. He came back with a blueberry apple crisp with house made salted ice cream. The apple crisp was infinitely better, but still wasn't very good. I made it through 2 spoonfulls before I decided it wasn't worth the calories. I wasn't going to complain twice and thanked the waiter for his generous act.
So, final thoughts? Amuse is GORGEOUS. It is annoyingly slow and disturbingly quiet, and little bit dark in the dining room, but it is still a nice experience. The waitstaff is very professional and polished. The meals are good and the drinks are strong. The place has an elegance about it, without being pretentious. The prices were a LITTLE bit high (our bill came to $136)  and I can't recommend going willy nilly, but if youre going on a Groupon like us, check it out.A very, very solid four stars. Exhausted and hungry, I initially worried I was "settling" for the hotel restaurant. I couldn't have been more wrong: I was served an absolutely perfectly prepared piece of sea bass with unique but finely tuned flavors. The textures of the dish's components were pretty much flawless. Very good service and an atmosphere that isn't at all unfriendly to someone dining alone. 
My only real complaint is that the by-the-glass wine prices are fairly outrageous. Fortunately, bottles are much more reasonable (many about the same as two glasses) and you can take them up to your room to enjoy later.No no nope! The seasonings were off on everything. If I weren't so hungry and lazy (I was staying at the hotel), I would've walked out.I ate here multiple times last year while on business and staying at Le meridian.   I really enjoyed it, especially the seafood.   The chocolate mousse is out of this world and definitely worth trying if you want a desert. Really enjoyed the fresh bread as well. Unfortunately now I'm stuck at the Sheraton around the corner sad faceI suggested this place for dinner last week because I was craving brussel sprouts. I had been wanting to try Amuse since Le Meridien opened but Monday night was the first time I made it over. 
Le Meridien is on a kind of weird block north of the Municipal Services Building and in between a dive bar, a Sweat gym, the probation department, and a McDonald's. But when we walked into the lobby it was a completely different world from what we had just walked past to get there.
When you walk into the lobby you are basically in Amuse-- it reminded me in an odd way of a resort where as soon as you arrive you are handed a drink. The bar itself is small and has a cozy feel even though it is exposed. There is a lounge-y area with cushy chairs and couches, a fireplace area, and more secluded dining area. I really liked the lighting and ambiance of the whole place. 
We sat near the fireplace and ordered drinks. Almost as soon as we had menus our waiter brought out an amuse bouche-- mussel and tomato-- very tasty and it set the mood for a French-inspired evening. We ordered steak frites of course, which were as good as they had been anticipated. Brussel sprouts turned out not to be on the menu, but when we asked out waiter he said it was no problem to get us an order. We also had pomme frites with aioli, baked camembert with jam and apple slices, and macaroni and cheese. The manager checked on us twice during dinner and was really friendly. 
This is a place I will definitely come again-- good place for groups and great food. I was a little surprised how empty it was, but it is in a weird location.The boyfriend and I made a last minute decision to come here for restaurant week , primarily because it was the first restaurant on the alphabetized list that was also within walking distance.
We arrived at around 5:30 on a Sunday night to find just a few people at the pub tables by the bar, and the rest of the place empty. Not only did this turn out to not be a bad sign, but we also scored the most coveted table in the house, immediately in front of the oversized fireplace. Solid five stars for ambiance.
We started with cocktails from their extensive specialty drink menu. I had a Fleur de Lis (Finlandia, Chambord, cranberry juice, lemonade) and the boyfriend had the William Penn (tequila, lemonade, pomegranate juice) since they were out of mint for Mojitos. Both were delicious and I might as well add reasonably priced at around $8 each.
First came the amuse bouche, a shot of spiced apple cider, along with a warm baguette. The bread was served in a white paper bag, as though it had just come from the bakery, which I'll assume was kitschy rather than true. In any case it was delicious and it was all we could do to kindly decline the waiter's offer to bring us some more. Throughout our meal, service was flawless and all courses well timed and well spaced. We spent over two hours there and I appreciated that at no point were we made to feel rushed.
As a first course I chose the rainbow chard and red cabbage, served with duck confit and a poached duck egg. The combination was only weird on paper; the flavors, textures, and temperatures all complemented each other perfectly. Unfortunately, I didn't see the offering on their regular menu, but perhaps glowing reviews like this one will change that.
My second course was the Grilled Strip Steak, served with Brussels sprouts (which I typically tolerate but this time actually enjoyed), potatoes, and a mushroom vol au vent. I ended up offloading most of the steak onto the boyfriend because it was just too much for me (and his duck cassoulet was less plentiful), but what I had of it was very good. The vol au vent was a flop: pastry almost to the top, garnished with several pieces of mushroom. It wasn't just flaky but papery, and the mushrooms would have been better off on a pizza. 
We both ended with Pots du Creme, which were quite good, but also nothing special. I thought I'd seen creme brulee on the online restaurant week menu, but didn't see it there. I just checked online again, and sure enough a berry creme brulee is offered, so there must have been some substitution. 
The bill came out to $100 with tax and before tip, as I'd anticipated. I wouldn't say the quality of the food suffered because it was restaurant week, since there were very few other diners present, and all but our appetizers were listed on the regular menu. I would definitely come back here, if only for the decor and enticing cocktails (and my rainbow chard salad, perhaps?), but I wish the other courses were more interesting.I was disappointed in Amuse. Came here in December for my birthday dinner. It was pretty much empty though it was a weeknight. The portions were extremely small, my husband was still hungry after though he enjoyed his dinner. I had the moules frites to start and the frites were really good. The turbot entree was way overcooked and had no taste. Even the cheese tray was mediocre with no really interesting selections. The cocktails were very good so I would  only come back here for drinksStill only 3 stars.  Stopped in alone and the bar was hopping - but the dining room was deserted.  Server was pleasant but often disappeared just when I needed her.
Delicous bread (baguette) and butter garnished with garlic chive blossoms.  Cute Amuse.  
Best thing?  Salad of rainbow chard and too-salty duck confit with a poached egg.
Leat favorite?  Mushroom vol-au-vent.  Too earthy for me.
$38.50 for dinner for just me - NO BEVERAGE NO DESSERT.
Ouch.The first clue that Amuse is trying to be something it's not was that as I approached the fancy doors, the two high school kids who are paid to open the doors sprung up from their seated positions on the stairs likes a couple of bats out of hell.
Hey I was 17 once, too, and I was a very below average stock boy at Office Max. So no worries.
Later, I stood with the rest of my party for several awkward minutes at the desk waiting for a host or hostess like a bump on a log.  For those prices, that desk should never be unmanned or unwomaned. Finally a nice guy who wasn't the host came up and asked me if I was being helped.  And while well-intentioned, he didn't know how to use the computer, but he was at least aware of the fact that some folks were hovering around the desk awkwardly, gazing around, like me at a 7th grade mixer trying to catch the eye of little miss scrunchie.
The meal was decent, and I said so to the myriad of people who asked me many times during the meal.  The waitress asked. Another person who was a hostess or something asked. "How is everything?" Good, thank you. "How was everything?" Good, thank you.
If you're going to spend that kind of dough, there are many better places that you could go.
- Billy BluewaterYes, the dining room was empty but more for us!  The bar menu was unique and delicious!  The waiter, Michael, knew his food and was terrific.  The BURRATA & HEIRLOOM TOMATO appetizer was great and the SALMON ROULADE and POUSSIN ROTI entrees were some of the best food I have eaten in recent memory.  End the meal by sharing the ILLY ESPRESSO CRÈME BRÛLÉE.  Wow!  Fantastic!Got a spontaneous table on a Friday night, right next to the fireplace. The atmosphere is lovely (though I was a little creeped out by the bizarre {Japanese?} video that was looping on the bar flatscreen--something about people wearing giant plastic mouse faces is not conducive to dining). 
I had the baby lettuces, which were lovely, and the sweet potato gnocchi, which was enough to feed a small army. The bf had the steak frites--I didn't try the steak, but the frites were yum.
We shared the coffee & donuts dessert--which wasn't quite right--or at least, was nothing like what I expected of something described as bread pudding.Definitely one of the best Groupon meals I've ever had. Our table ordered the crab and lobster salad, the duet of lamb, the beef tenderloin, and for dessert the chocolate almond tart. The salad was a light, palette cleansing start. My lamb was melt-in your mouth delicious, but honestly I think the polenta on the plate was the star. The beef tenderloin with roasted cauliflower and sprouts was also amazing -- juicy and tender, veggies were crispy and buttery. The tart was ok, frankly mediocre compared to the rest of the meal.
Service was good, the atmosphere is modern and upscale but not pretentious. We really enjoyed our meal, it is on the pricier side without the deals, but well worth it for a special occasion.Holy yums. I've been here twice now, both with a groupon, and it was fantastic and pretty much empty both times. 
Most recently, we got the charcuterie board, steak frites, and the lobster bouillabaisse.  This was one of those meals that makes you comment after LITERALLY every bite how majestically delicious it is.  Kind of drooling just thinking about it. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium and came with a bernaise aoili which really took it to the next level. The lobster chunks in the bouillabaisse were sweet, succulent and abundant. Not to mention the other variety of seafood swimming around in there, aaaand the broth was drinkable. As in, give me a straw and just let me go to town on this bowl of heaven. We had leftovers for lunch the next day and it was still amazing the second time around.
A hidden gem for sure.Some people rave about Michael the waiter.  They must be the ones he pays attention to.  Our party of four was ignored for almost three hours.  I had to grab him by the arm at last to get the check.  He chatted with others, disappeared for long periods into the kitchen.  The absolutely worst service I have experienced in Philadelphia.  Good luck to all of you who do better.   Some of the food is good, others is average.  Chef does better with his sauce than the duck.  Skip the Creme Brule which is misnamed.   Try your luck or try somewhere else.My friend and I came for Restaurant Week because the menu looked good and the location is close to our office.  This building was formerly a YMCA and Tha Philly DA'S office was next door.   The lobby looks like it's a combination of both building's lobbies, but I haven't been inside for years prior to today.  It looks much better than it did, but it's still hard to believe that what used to be a run down building is now a fancy hotel.  Anyway, we received a delicious amuse bouche, a roasted asparagus spear with phyllo dough topped with garlic aioli, and unfortunately,  it was downhill from there.  I ordered French onion soup, which tasted like dishwater topped with cheese, followed by crab mac and cheese.  It had no taste at all, and the cheese was liquid.  My friend had pretzels and cheese fondue, which was good, and ratatouille for am entree.  It looked and tasted like a can of Tuttorosso tomatoes was put into a casserole dish and heated.  In fact, both of our entrees looked premade, like they were prepared, put into dishes, and heated after ordering.  My friend left hungry.   We had chocolate covered eclairs for dessert, and fortunately,  those were good.  The only other dessert option was sherbet, and to me, that shouldn't count as a dessert.   The waitress was very nice.  I was honest and told her that the meal wasn't good and that I ate it because I was hungry.   She said no one has ever cimplained, and I told her that's  because many people won't complain, they will eat and then save the complaints for later.  That's a shame, because silence is as good as saying it's ok.This is the first time I've ever had fish served to me that smelled and tasted like ammonia. I had to google why fish would reek of ammonia and learned that it's because it wasn't fresh. I told the waiter, let him smell, it and he confirmed. He offered to replace it with the steak. The steak came out with a strange bloody vein that was gushing. I'm not talking about being rare - I'm talking about a weird tumor looking thing right in the center of it. I am bewildered. 
Everything else was good,though. Highly recommend the pumpkin spice frappucino.I was lucky enough to be treated to a lady date here. 
I can't remember everything that we ordered but it was all seafood, and it was all scrumptious.  The service was excellent, though we were one of the only tables there, so there would be no excuse for it not to be.
I would definitely go back here if the situation presented itself.Such a romantic spot inside the Le Méridien! The restaurant is right across from City Hall. Came here with friends for restaurant week on a Friday night. The ambience was great and the service was perfect. Our waiter was really friendly and accommodating! It's a quiet place with just a few seats, so be sure to make a reservation. 
The restaurant week menu is actually really small and the food was just okay, nothing special. The portions were pretty big for a French place though. Their full menu also has a lot more choices that sounded really good. We had a chef's welcome of slightly salted tuna, which was pretty good. For the first course, we tried the smoked tomato bisque and the fresh caesar salad. I actually hate both tomatoes and salads in general but they both ended up being really tasty! The second course took forever to come out even though the place wasn't even busy, so that was a bit annoying. We had the half roasted chicken w/ whipped Yukon gold potatoes and the Scottish salmon w/ seasoned parsley risotto. Both dishes were presented really nicely but they were SOO salty that none of us could even finish our meals. For dessert, both the tiramisu and sweet potato cheesecake they offered were not that great either. 
Overall, the quiet romantic atmosphere and our friendly waiter is what I loved most about this place. The food could be better but I'm not sure if I would want to come back to try their full menu. It was still a great experience though!Had the steak frittes and it was legitimate! Excellent preparation all around. Service was a little slow, Monday night...Came here for date night w/ my wife. First impression, it's small! It was a Friday at 7 and there was basically no one there, though bar had a few people. Server wasn't particularly personable if you care for such things.
The drinks were strong, they didn't skimp on alcohol. I had the duet of lamb, it was cooked perfectly, could break with fork and portion was just right. My wife had the beef tenderloin, medium well, it too was cooked perfect, good flavor and portion, the side of brussel sprouts were very good as well. I like light crowds so I'd go again but overall not special.I vacillate between 3 & 4 stars because there are, indeed, numerous kinks (mostly service related) that need ironing out.
I came to Amuse with a group of 13 women, and we sat at the large high-top communal table in the bar area.
Service was scattered from the get go - they only brought out 3 menus, we asked for more.  They did not give us water until we asked.  Many of us had no cutlery nor napkins.  Again, we asked.
Sasha - one of our servers, was lovely - but stretched too thin to accommodate all of us, who ordered (partially separate checks) bar items, bar menu items and dinner menu items.  Items and courses sometimes came right away and other orders were lost in the shuffle and never arrived.
Meanwhile, my partner (on the same check) and I shared the $3 Parisienne Gnocchi (Paris is not known for Gnocchi, by the way), the $5 Mac & Cheese (both from the BAR menu) and a $7 side of sauteed brussels sprouts.  All were delicious - but the gnocchi was SWIMMING in butter and I would not order it again.  The brussels sprouts were the high point for me.
Others at the table had the Quinoa/Ratatouille dinner entree - and the Quinoa was way, way undercooked.  It was crunchy.  Fortunately the ratatouille was excellent.
Decor is sleek & gorgeous (I mean, the place is brand new.) and the food is NOT "Mariott-era" hotel fare.
I am pleasantly surprised and plan to return - but I will allow ample time and expect erratic and weird service.Purchased a Travelzoo voucher to try Amuse, and it was worth the full price for sure. Have used many vouchers at other restaurants in the past & felt like second class customers at times. Not so at Amuse. They were gracious when we arrived late, and Michael, the server, provides the best service you can imagine. He truly enjoys his time at Amuse, & is incredibly knowledgeable about all aspects of the menu. It is rare to find a place where the service is as good as the food, but Amuse is it. We never felt the need for anything through our meal, but the staff was not overbearing at all. 
Scallops with pork belly: melt in your mouth.
Butter lettuce salad: perfection. Sweet/tart pomegranate, savory pieces of house made bacon, creamy buttermilk dressing. Yum!
Shortribs & tenderloin: cooked perfectly without losing any moisture. 
Creme brulee: worth the calories.
If you are looking for an intimate space for dinner (the restaurant is small) and would like to enjoy a lovely meal at a leisurely pace, this is the spot. Not the best choice if you're on a diet though, as this food is meant to be enjoyed through every last calorie :) 
Thanks Travelzoo for showing us this gem, and thanks to all the staff at Amuse for a great evening!I took my girlfriend here for a special dinner a few nights ago. When we walked in, we were greeted quickly and seated immediately. I felt like I was in a much more upscale setting than I expected.
Our server, Michael, waited several minutes while we looked at the bar menu before he came over to our table. Constance is right, formal but not over-formal. He took our drink order of one Alibi and one gin Bloody Mary. Not even two minutes later, we had our drinks which were well crafted and spoke loudly of an experienced bartender. 
Michael timed his order taking and deliveries well,  we never waited less than four minutes or more than seven for a course to arrive or to place an order. Long enough to let the last course settle and not to feel rushed, but never long enough to be considered slow.
We ordered off the bar menu to begin with because it had things on it that do not appear on the regular menu. We ordered the macaroni and the cassoulet. They were both either outstanding starters or the best bar food ever. From there the courses changed to starters. We had the onion soup and the beet salad. The salad was well plated and presented and the flavors of the veggies used had interesting flavor contrasts. The onion soup was a real standout, some of the best I've ever had.
The main courses were going to have to be good after the starters and the bar. They didn't disappoint. I had the Steak Frites and my girlfriend had the sweet potato gnocchi. The steak frites was basically nothing more than a really high quality piece of marinated, grilled hangar steak with Belgian style double fried fries served in a steel cup with a paper lining. The chef clearly wanted you to think of European street food. The steak was coated in a sauce which could just barely be recognized as being distantly related to the sauce you get in a diner when you order the French dip. It was different enough and made with ingredients that were orders of magnitude better than said diner sauce.
The sweet potato gnocchi was another study in interesting flavor contrasts. There was enough sage and thyme in the gnocchi themselves that the greens and little pieces of crispy duck weren't overpowered. Definitely impressive.
I think that there are a few key points that need to be mentioned about this restaurant. First, there was enough food. The portions were not huge like they are in diners, but neither were they tiny as in restaurants that style themselves as the best restaurants in that particular city. I hate it when high end places do that. I'm hungry and I expect to be fed, why else would I be in a restaurant? And pretensions of fashion be damned. And don't charge me $60 an entree for something that would barely feed a four year old with an upset stomach.
Secondly, pricing. Amuse succeeded here. For the very high quality of the food and the excellence of the service, I would expect to pay around $75 a head, not including the bar tab. Imaging my pleasant surprise when I paid only $75 a head including tip and the bar tab for two. 
Overall, this place is a real jewel in Philadelphia's crown. I'll definitely be going back.Always good food.  Quiet - one of the few quiet restaurants in Philadelphia.  The negative is slow service.  Salads and seafood are wonderful.  Try their kale salad with chicken for lunch.  Amazingly tasty.   The other salads are good too, especially the Cobb.  For dinner try the seafood entrees - all are excellent.Had both lunch at dinner here while staying at the Le Meridien. Dinner was better than expected - had lobster and it was very reasonably priced for a hotel restaurant and tasted as expected. Lunch just meets expectation - portion on the smaller size and good, but not sure if it's as amazing as the menu description or staff had suggested. Would come back for a business lunch because it's a small space and quiet but probably not for a personal meal.I am not crazy about the location of this restaurant but I wanted to try a new place and the breakfast menu looked delicious. The inside decor and whole experience had a very hotel - vibe. When I arrived they were already on the lunch menu and don't offer Sunday brunch. The food was good but nothing special ( I had the sweet potato quiche). In addition, nearby tables were not cleared quickly so I was looking at leftover dishes and dirty tables while eating. With so many great places to eat in Philly, I would skip this one but if you are starving and nearby, the food is good.Awesome atmosphere, food was crazy good and the staff couldn't have been nicer. HIGHLY recommend the duck! My boyfriend said it was "the best food he's ever had, ever". I see that a few other posts talk about the Travelzoo deal which I also bought and let expire. The manager was gracious enough to extend a credit which was very cool of them to do. The hotel used to be a YMCA so there is a lot of charm and old architecture that has been enhanced with very modern, upscale decor, however, there was nothing snooty or pretentious about the place, especially the service. We were there for a romantic dinner, however, this would be a perfect place for a meeting or client lunch as you overlook city hall. We were most impressed by the pride of the folks working there. Everyone seemed genuinely excited to be there and to tell the story of the restaurant and all of the cool things to see and do in Philly. We don't live in the city and have many, many dining choices in the suburbs but this one is worth the trip!Ate here last week with my husband. The lobster salad was great!  The reason for 2 stars-service was not friendly. Our waiter seemed to rush us and took my martini that was only 65% finished. He didn't even bother to ask if I was done with my drink. He also never refilled our water glasses. We had to ask for more water after one glass was completely empty. I didn't expect this lack of service at a nicer establishment. I really enjoyed the food but got a bad taste in my mouth due to the poor quality service.The ambiance is amazing and the food delicious. I would kill for their home made charcuterie board with fresh black currant jam and french bread! The service was bit slow but the wine last is fabulous. I hope to come to philly more simply to some ay AmuseOutstanding!!! The ambiance is sleek and sexy.  We had a beautiful view of city hall at night from our window table.  Highly recommend the citrus martini.  The lobster bisque was amazing with CHUNKS of lobster.  The striped bass and steak frites both cooked to perfection.  The hot bread, tuna tartare and homemade mints delightful detailed surprises!Probably the worst French restaurant I've ever been to.
Don't get the steak frites or the tiramisu. They give you 6 tiny pieces of steak that tastes like I just threw them in a skillet for 5 minutes. That's how I cook steak at home and that's how their steak tasted. I could open a restaurant too and charge $26 for 6 tiny pieces of beef.
The tiramisu also wasn't done right at all. All bread layers should be soaked with coffee, but only the bottom layer had any coffee flavor. The "cream" tasted like frosting instead of real tiramisu cream.Absolutely blew my expectations away. We bought a groupon for four people and it was so much more than we bargained for! We waited at the bar for a little while which was a lovely atmosphere... very chic with an upscale feel. 
The dining area is very open yet intimate and very tastefully decorated. 
For an appetizer, my husband and I shared the crab and lobster "salad" which was to die for. Certainly did not skimp on any ingredients, it wall all fresh and delicious. For dinner, I had the scallops and others had the steak and lamb. We were all very full and very happy with our meal choices. 
Because we were celebrating several occasions that night, they gave us a round of champagne on the house and we all got to choose our own free dessert (I had the chocolate torte which was decadent!) 
Amuse was very generous with their "on the house" items and I would recommenced this place to any and every one.First of all, the historical building is just awesome and the ambiance perfect. There are several fireplaces, seats overlooking city hall, a separate bar and bistro seating... not a bad seat in the place. The blend of modern glass & marble w the historic wood & marble is fabulous.  We went here after our annual trip to the Christmas Village at City Hall, so convenient and near our parking garage. Now, some of the food was very tasty but some was not even as good as what I can make (and I'm no chef). I think the chef must have been off this night and left the recipe cards for the Sous Chef.  There was only 1 waiter on who was nice, but it took a reeeaaaly loooonnnng time to get a drink (which was yummy), then an extremely longer time for the food to start coming out, not even a piece of bread. The Cesar Salad was just like I could get at wawa, square store bought croutons, standard cheese, no distinctive quality for a $16 bowl of lettuce I expect better. Still not even a breadstick w the salad or anything to hold us over. Again another long wait until dinner came out, which was very tasty (my niece said chicken was awesome and my steak was cooked perfectly), the fries were just ok and the order of Brussel sprouts tasted as though they were boiled then tossed w some not so great thinned out sauce, not very tasty at all.  Took ANOTHER LOONNG time to get the check and by this time it was really late. We arrived by 8:15 and were leaving well after 11pm. No appetizer, just salad and meal. We didn't complain, the bus girl?manager kind of walked past us and asked "everything ok", I didn't want to fuss as I didn't want to make my niece uncomfortable. Had she come up to the table to ask, I may have asked about the delays or told her about the lackluster Brussel sprouts, but she was obviously not really interested in knowing. As an aside, it was NOT crowded by any means and they kept on moving around three "reserved" signs, as IF more people were coming, guess that makes u feel better about dropping $150 for poor staffing (slow service) & some low quality (some food was very poorly delivered). Won't be back here again.For my birthday I wanted to try something different. I've never had french food before and chose Amuse to dine with several of my friends.
The dining room is much smaller than I had expected but the decor is anything short of impressive. Bubble chandelier light fixtures, fire place and pretty white chairs and tables. The tables were adorned with fun mesh place settings and plenty of bottled Fiji water to go around.
We started with some cocktail cuisine: Philly Pretzel Nuggets, Parisienne Gnocchi and Macaroni Au Gratin. I would recommend ANY of these as they were all delicious. I would also recommend getting a couple because they are inexpensive but also the portions are on the smaller side. As far as wine and cocktails, the wine list is pretty impressive offering a great selection and choices of 6oz or 9oz pours. I chose the William Penn cocktail, a mix of Blue Agave Tequila, Lemonade and Pomegranate juice. It was wonderful!
While waiting for our entrees the chef sent out complimentary mussels for the table. I believe they were in a type of white wine saffron sauce. AMAZING! I hope he adds this to the menu.
For dinner I had the Crisp Duck Breast. I have never had duck before so this was me being a bit adventurous. I must warn other newly epicurious diners I did not expect it to be served medium rare. I suppose I could have asked for it at the temperature I preferred but if this is how the chef suggests eating it I did not want to send it back. I will say, even though it wasn't what I was expecting I did think the duck was very good. It was served with a three bean salad, baby carrots and bacon apple gastrique which was DELICIOUS. Most of the rest of my party had either the Mustard Crusted Salmon, Free Range Chicken or Le Hamburger (which my friend described as the best hamburger she had ever had!). Everyone enjoyed their entrees.
We thought we were too stuffed with delicious food to have dessert but did manage to try the Pots du Creme and Mille Feuille Classique. I've never tried a dessert I didn't like and these were no exception. The Pots du Creme I recommend to the chocolate lovers. What it lacks in size it makes up in chocolatey flavor! I wouldn't share this one as I could have eaten the whole thing by myself. The Mille Feuile Classique I think is pretty large and good for sharing. It is like a pastry puff with a sugar glaze and a colorful display of berries.
All in all I would have to say I had a wonderful birthday and going to Amuse played a great part in that. The service was A+, the food superb. I would recommend this place to anyone who'd like to try some French cuisine.Wow! Very haute cuisine! I came here to meet a consultant and review some drawings over dinner. I was not only impressed by the overall design of the restaurant (minimalist) but the food was outstanding. I ordered the organic chicken and was blown away. The veggies they used were extra fresh and the chicken was out of this world. The skin was so crispy but not overdone. It was honestly my favorite part of the chicken. The meat of the chicken was very juicy and you can taste the organic-ness of the chicken. If you're looking for a super high end place to eat come here. You will not be disappointed. Also, you have amazing views of City Hall.I dined at Amuse during restaurant week and I was excited about it for entire week preceding the dinner. It was a HUGE let down. The staff was really nice, I'll give them that. They brought out a complimentary amuse-bouche  which was really tasty. It was actually the BEST thing I had the entire night. That's sad when a MEATBALL beats the main course. I had duck rillets (pâté) with crostini for the appetizer. The crostini was ROCK HARD and the pâté tasted like a salt lick! For the main course I had the quail which...had a nice wine flavor, but lacked salt and was pretty bland. My friends said the same about the steak. One of my friends actually ordered the skate (which I initially contemplated, but changed my mind due to the nasty, fishy smell of the restaurant) and ended up sending it back because it smelled and tasted badly. When her fish was replaced with the steak, she remarked that it wasn't hot and we ALL were thinking the same thing. NONE of our food was hot. Even the pâté was ICE COLD. For dessert I had the scarlet cheesecake with plum petals. The cheesecake (which was in a strange tube shape and had NO CRUST) tasted like yogurt. I'm not a picky eater AT ALL. I'm a self-proclaimed foodie and I rarely eat in local restaurants in which I really don't like anything about my meal. I guess there's a first time for everything. I'm glad to check this restaurant off of my list of places to try...but if I ever eat here again, it would be too soon.3 Martini Lunch. enough said. 
This special was supposed to only be for the month of September but maybe they brought it back for the holidays?
A few girls from work and myself went for our xmas lunch yesterday. For $30 you get onion soup, steak frites and 3 martinis, we immediately were all "yes I'll have that."
I started with a french martini which I had never had before and it was delicious! It was vodka, chambord and pineapple juice--I love pineapple!
We received an amuse bouche which was a small spoon with artichoke and oven dried tomato. After that our onion soup came out. I am an onion soup aficionado so I was super psyched to try this. It was really rich and had a great broth except for one thing--it wasn't seasoned with salt! (don't look for s&p shakers on the table either--it's a no no) It also could have used some more cheese on top but either way it had a great slow cooked onion flavor.
Our steak frites came out after we had finished our soup and noshed on some baguette. The frites were PHENOMENAL dipped in the aioli, yes even better then the steak itself. I ordered mine medium rare and it was perfect in the middle but overdone on the ends. I enjoyed eating it with the shallot and parsley pesto. It wasn't too bad but once again the steak and pesto desperately needed S&P!
After my meal I ordered another martini, this time a cosmopolitan and whoa was it strong.
One of the great things about this place is that if you don't drink all of your martini's you can get vouchers and come back. Yeah it's a great marketing scheme to get you to come back in but it's pretty damn cool.
Definitely gets an A for decor, very modern and funky!We were enjoying a Philly weekend at Le Meridian. At Amuse we enjoyed a long, luxurious, delicious meal.  Our waiter, Michael, made our 6 year old daughter feel like a Princess.  The kids menus are chalk boards on the back.  Overall it was a terrific dining experience.I walked in ... and immediately felt like I didn't belong. It was 10 minutes to 10 and I tried to get some food. I stood around waiting to see if anyone could help me with that, but, just ended up standing around...
I stopped someone who looked like they worked there, as they typed away at a register monitor, I asked, "do I just sit anywhere?" and he replied with turning around and walking away. I then waited again... for anyone, in the empty restaurant(?) or bar... to help me out. The only break I got was when a spot opened up at the bar - so I figured that was my chance. 
The GOOD: I just needed a quick snack for dinner before heading out. I got sliders, one Lamb, one Beef, one duck. Tiny in size but, with a side of fries, errr... um, pommes frites... a good amount for a quick bite and paired with a Stella, under $20.
The BAD: Only the beef was the juicy of the three - the other two were dry. They were small, but - about three bites each - so, all together, a decent amount.
OVERALL: Amuse was just good. I didn't understand the douchey server - but the bartender more than made up for it. Bar food was decent price, while the full menu had prices around 25-30 bucks. Fancy. Overall though this was a quick bite to eat, I enjoyed the feel of the place even though it seems far more pretentious than it needs to be.A perfect date spot.
This place is grand, spacious, and the staff knows their stuff. They know this is a date-place and gauge just how much interaction you need on just the first interaction. 
I came in here originally on a Travelzoo voucher and I'm glad I did. Each course was delectable and was the right amount to fill my stomach to capacity. 
The ambiance was warm and inviting, but intimate enough to keep each table separate from the next.Tried it as restaurant week. Would not go if there isnt a deal as the food and service was average, if that, for me. The portion was little small for me and I didnt fill like I was full when I left.I was craving Steak Frites and this sounded fantastic and reasonable, so I chanced a visit here for Sunday night dinner and was impressed. My friend was a bit worried that she wasn't dressed up enough but jeans, a nice shirt, and cute shoes/heels are perfect for this place. The maitre d' took our coats for us and took us to the table right in front of the fireplace. We were the only people in the dining room (everyone else was at the bar) but that didn't bother us one bit. 
The staff was courteous and very helpful. Our waiter was fantastic and the service was great. The cocktail list is just perfect for a drinker like me and I love how the listed drinks by type. I chose the royal rita (7.75) and my friend got the liberty bell (8.50) and for the price and quality of the drinks, this is definitely some place I would come back to just to enjoy the cocktails. Both drinks were strong and mixed perfectly. A definite must try for whiskey drinkers.
We also received fresh bread, which I could not stop eating!, and a little appetizer (for free) before our main course. And what a main course it was! My friend and I had spent a few days in Paris two years before this and had eaten at one of the best restaurants in Paris which served exclusively steak frites, so in honor we knew just what we were getting. And it was delicious. I usually like mine rare, but decided to take the advice of the chef and get it medium rare and it was perfectly cooked. The dips were scrumptious and the bearnaise aioli was my favorite. I savored the food for as long as I could and was so sad that it was gone.
But I was delighted when our waiter came back and informed us that the chef was sending out a dessert on the house just for us, to remind us of our Paris visit. He brought out this layered delight that was a cream sauce for the base, three layers of puff pastry, with strawberries, blackberries, and blue berries scattered for the filling. It was to die for. Perfect blend of crispy, tart, and sweet! 
Overall I was very very impressed. The decor is beautiful and the fireplace was a fantastic finish. The staff were very friendly and the overall experience was delightful. I very much intend to come here again, especially for the drinks, and do hope that they are getting more service during the weekday. This is one place that I hope will survive.Tried very hard to spend money here; but they weren't having it.  We went on a Saturday at lunch time, the space (which is basically the hotel lobby, the bar faces the front doors) was empty other than hotel guests waiting for assistance with their luggage.  Yet they were open - a couple was dining in the dining area.
We finally found a waiter, who said we could sit at the bar and someone would be right out.  
Then - nothing. No sign of life, even the waiter disappeared.  No bartender, no waiter, not even a bellhop.  We waited...and waited...and finally gave up, and left.Two words: steak frites. SO. GOOD. 
The cocktail menu was great, as are the dessert options. 
My only criticisms would be a) the pricing is somewhat high and b) the menu is very heavy (understandable for a restaurant favoring french cafe food).Excellent food and service!! Very nice for a date night.  The Chef and staff have it nailed!This review is for the bar--not bad at all for a hotel bar. The drinks are on the more innovative side, though not particularly memorable or special, and the service attentive. It's not the liveliest or most exciting spot, but not bad for grabbing a sip on your way in or out the hotel.I went to Amuse with some co-workers today for their lunch special, and returned about an hour ago.  If you know anything about their lunch special, then you know to disregard typos etc from here on out.
For those that do not know, Amuse hosts a unique power-lunch.  It harkens back to the era of mahogany desks, 3 piece suits, and the mandatory snifter in each wood-walled office.   Where a mid-day martini was not only not frowned-upon, but expected.  And what better way to modernize this 50's-era ideal than to torque it to excess.  For at Amuse, you get not one martini with lunch, but 3.  Couple that with an amazing cup of french onion soup that could serve as a meal in itself and a fresh baguette.  Then, to throw the testosterone levels off the scale, toss in  a flank steak frites that is perfectly prepared, with 3 different sauces serving as its accoutrements, and now you are ready to make some serious deals.  Three martinis, soup, and a steak, for $30 practically seems like 50s era pricing to boot.  
Never mind the fact that you are enjoying this delicious meal in the presence of massive chandeliers and neo-classical furnishings, completed by a large hearth, with a fire ablaze.  I strongly recommend this lunch special to all who enjoy their  classy beverages and some serious food.Now, I'm not normally a fan of hotel restaurants. For one of my Christmas gifts, my boyfriend purchased a TravelZoo coupon for Amuse that consisted of 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 glasses of prosecco, and a shared dessert. We were a little greedy and went with 2 desserts and ordered a glass of the Cotes de Rhone (to remind us of a 2 euro bottle of the same wine we got in purchased Paris), but the everything was incredible!!! We were first offered and amuse bouche from the chef of salmon and kale. Nom nom. I went with the crab salad with a lemon and white truffle vinaigrette which was outstanding! My beau got the venison angiolotti, so delicious and tender I needed to taste it 3 times. For our main meals, I got the filet mignon with a potato cake and butternut squash in a red wine sauce while he went with the lobster bouillabaisse. Both were out of this world! For dessert, an apple and cranberry tart with 6 spice ice cream, for him, the maple nut creme brûlée. Our waiter, Michael, was amazing! At the end of the meal he offered us both another glass of prosecco, which I of course took! The dark hues of the room combined with our hearty meals, great staff, and a perfect view of City Hall make Amuse one of my favorite hotel restaurants!Amazing!
I went here for a late bday dinner with a friend. Michael, our server was very kind and offered great suggestions. He was formal, but not over-the-top.
Drinks: Excellent. I love a good Manhattan.
Watermelon Soup- crisp,tasty
Scallop App- Oh my goodness. I almost licked the plate! The curry/almond sauce was like nothing I've ever had before. I usually avoid any dish with curry.
Lobster Bouillibaise- Great! I loved that Michael didn't seem annoyed that I kept requesting more bread.
Steak Frites- This is what they are supposedly known for, but I wasn't blown away. It was good.
Rhubard Tart- YUM!!!!!!!!
Total Damage (dinner for 2) - $140 with tip
I would be a regular @ Amuse if I lived a tad closer. The drink specials, service, food, even the coffee - FIVE STARS!Stayed at Le Meridien for business and thoroughly enjoyed the food, decor and service at the hotel restaurant & bar, Amuse.  The furnishings (down to the salt & pepper shakers) were chic and obviously chosen with care. The servers were attentive and very professional. We had fantastic Eggs Benedict for breakfast, French onion soup and baby lettuce salad with compressed pear and bleu cheese for lunch, and juicy, tender pepper crusted ribeyes for dinner.  The apple blueberry cobbler with housemade salted caramel ice cream was to die for.T and I had an amazing dinner here before we caught the Philly Pops at Verizon Hall.
The atmosphere was dark and sexy with fabulous bubble chandeliers and a fireplace complete with chic silver reindeer and red nutcrackers. We started with an amuse bouche of beet salad. I've always thought beets tasted like dirt but this salad was different. Sweet and slightly crunchy. A delicious start. We both started with the onion soup. It wasn't created entirely of salt like other onion soups and had deep layers of flavor. It was almost meaty and chock full of sweet, caramelized onions and gooey cheese.
For dinner I got the steak frites. The steak was succulent and perfectly seasoned. Done a perfect medium rare, I definitely made the correct entree choice. And then there were the frites ... I don't know even know how to describe them. They were sublime, coated in butter and salt and somehow melted in your mouth. Par boiled and then fried? Whatever it was, all frites should be made exactly like that. The whole mountain disappeared embarrassingly fast.
T got the duck served with squash risotto. I had a nibble of both. The duck skin was crispy and delicious. The risotto was cheesy and tender. Yum. For dessert I got the donuts and coffee (donut bread pudding and coffee ice cream) and T got the blueberry apple crumble with salted caramel ice cream. The bread pudding was dense and not too sweet with crispy edges that were perfect with the rich, creamy coffee ice cream. The ice cream is made when you order. There was a slight delay in getting our desserts because the ice cream machine was having a glitch. Now THAT is fresh. The crumble was warm, the ice cream a perfect, salty compliment and the crumble was light and full of brown sugar and magic. Just ... so good.
Service was leisurely. Dinner took about two hours which was so nice. Michael, our server, was amazing, describing the menu and recommending favorites. He also had us out the door and in a cab so we could catch our show. We JUST made it since dinner was so relaxing but all that matters is we made it! An amazing start to our Christmas-y evening. :)Amuse ... I like you very much!!! Especially, since I discovered you during Restaurant Week!  You are an excellent value.  
For $35, you get a great tasting menu. Restaurant Week is still going on in Philly as I write this review. For those who are still considering going, I definitely recommend this place. It has a great view! Nice portions! Fine taste. Good parking! 
My friend and I came to try out Amuse based on Yelp reviews. There were some low reviews and some high ones, but the average was 4 stars. We thought it would be worth a shot. We were very pleasantly surprised.  The normal menu looks appealing. However, the prices are a bit high for our normal budget range. The appetizers were normally around $9-15, the entrees $25-45, the desserts eh... We rarely get desserts.  For restaurant week, you could get all 3 for $35. This was very intriguing. We worried a little that we would get small portions, but we got a VERY nice sized meal.  It was definitely worth the price tag. 
When we got here, we were kind of surprised. There weren't that many people that showed up. This might just be because the restaurant is in a somewhat awkward location. It is inside of the Meridien Hotel, offset from the Lobby area. It does have its own private section.  The decor is very dark themed and metallic. A lot of solo business diners were present. I think this is just because foodies don't normally wander to this side of street.
Anyways, back to the food. We enjoyed fresh bread and creamy butter. We got an amuse bouche of pumpkin puree soup to start. It tasted excellent!  This was one of the best amuse bouche I've ever gotten. Next, I ordered a delicious new england clam chowder. It had a lot of clam and bacon, but was not too salty at all. This was perfect! It had a very fresh taste to it.  After this, I ordered steak frittes with fries. The fries were a little underwhelming since they were only warm but the steak was good. I got it cooked medium.  My friend got scallops and they were huge! She let me try some. If you are a scallop fan, you should definitely get those.  Finally, I got dessert which was recommended by the waiter. It was a cake with fruit inside as well as some ice cream on top. All in all, it was a very nice meal. I left feeling full and happy that I came and spent my $35. With tax and tip (since I normally tip 20% +/- for good service), it was $45. I was much pleased.  
For restaurant week, this is a definite hit!  The chef really was on his A-game.