I really liked my visit to Anastasi! The eggplant risotto is to die for and my bloody mary was quite delicious too. Service was good but actually a bit much...the wait staff/manager/bartender all came over a little too much to check on us but not the worst thing in the world, at least they are very attentive! Good food, good service, highly recommend!!I have three words for you:  Crab Crème Brulée.  Hello lover.  I'll be over here, at the adorable first floor bar, or the cozy second floor space (check out the shellfish and fish theme classic art- awesome) or their beautiful outdoor space, whispering sweet nothings at this dish.  Don't mind me.
If you're not coming here for this delectable dish, you're coming here for the extensive oysters menu, and indulging with a glass of bubbly in hand.
The remainder of the menu eats well.  The scallops, tender and sauteed just so, a risotto with the right amount of bite.  All around, an excellent, elegant (while also accessible) option on main street Manayunk.Serious raw bar. Not cheap but decent Happy Hour specials. Nice people, good service. Prices for entries were reasonable.  Oysters were fresh and tasty.  IL be back with friends.A friend dragged me back to Manayunk where I haven't been in a couple years.  It had gotten to the point of little interest, it got stale, and the last major ex-girlfriend wasn't the Manayunk type. i.e. Main Line and Manayunk don't mix well.  Actually Main Line and I don't mix well. ;-)  I'm a city boy at heart, I have passion for the simple things and a happy hour visit to Anastasi brought me back to city life.  With the windows open to the sidewalk, a cool, eclectic happy hour crowd invited us in.
The bartenders were excellent, Barry and Giavanna, service with a smile, friendly and proficient, and very helpful.
Weekdays, the 5-7 pm happy hour is 'buck a shuck' time from the raw bar for the house's oyster choice for the evening as well as one clam choice.  We started with the oysters and middle neck clams.  Fresh, clean, delish!  In addition, a $1 off beers on tap just made the early evening more enjoyable.  There were only 6 beers on tap, but there was one IPA just for me, I was happy.
And, as oysters and clams are never enough to eat for two guys tying on a load, we had to get more.  My choice of the Lobster Roll was genius.  It's almost as good as you would find in the New England states.  Large hunks and chunks of lobster mixed with the right amount of spice and mayo on a soft bun.  Fries or a side salad, I chose the salad, my friend chose the fries, I ate his. :-)
Returning soon, no doubt!Went for dinner with my gf and her family.  No one liked their meals at all.  Mussels we believe made us sick.  Waitress was very nice and friendly, but the food was sub par.We came here for Manayunk Week.  The best part of the 3 course meal was my appetizer, the mussels were amazing!!! For my entree I had the fish and chips, the fish was to greasy and the chips (fries) were somewhat on the dry side, for my dessert I had the pudding - it was good.  
I would visit here again just to have some more mussels, the best mussels I ever had.  The mussels came with little bagel type chips, I would suggest giving you some bread instead so that you can really soak up some of that delicious sauce.Up front expectation management: It's Main Street, so parking is brutal...even if you try parking down by the new theater. 
We went there on a Saturday, and while the place was pretty packed (from both reservations and foot traffic), service was on point and very accommodating. The owner and the owner's mom even came over once or twice to ask how things were going. Very adorable family by the way. The dad was sitting in there and talking to customers, trying to get their opinions and a feel for things. Such a nice family. And all of the staff there was great. You almost wanted to stop eating just to have drinks with them. Infectiously friendly and happy.
You'll probably hear this over and over again, but try the Lobster Roll. Tons of meaty lobster with just the right amount of crunchy vegetables and a little bit of mayo, all on a perfectly toasted buttery roll. Give it a shot. 
Squid ink risotto was solid too. I was there was more squid in it though. Go for their happy hour shucks. Solid selection of oysters and clams, all served pretty quickly. 
And if you're feeling adventurous, go for the oyster shots. We got the Maria (clamata, tequila, oyster) and the Pickle shot. Pretty interesting. We'll definitely be back!We had dinner here last night. Got there early to get buck a shuck happy hour on a Saturday night!! Started off with 2 dozen Oysters from Virginia they were large plump and juicy and very good. Next we shared the grilled Oysters very good. And the grilled Octopus salad which was so tender and one of best Octopus we ever had.  My wife had the Scallops cooked perfect and very good. I had the Pescatore it was different not in a red sauce just clam juice and I did not care for the flat noodles in the middle they were overcooked and stuck together. Would have been better with Linguini.  There menu was small but more than enough for us. And the place was set up a little different and with very dark walls.  Our server was just starting her first night and she was excellent. And the owner Frank came over and introduced himself nice touch. Overall we had a very good dinner and will go back againReally nice atmosphere.  Good for a date or small or mid-size group.  We read a review on the squid ink risotto and it was real good.  Same with the lobster roll.  The raw bar is obviously pricey but was real tasty also.  Wasn't impressed by the mussels marinara (the mussels were good, but sauce left a lot to be desired).I can't tell you how the food was, because we never got farther than the drinks.
After missing Beast & Ale for a while, my boyfriend and I decided to check out its successor on a Friday night. We were sat upstairs, where it was mostly filled up. Our waiter came over, and we ordered two Allagash Whites. We end up waiting a long, long while. Our waiter is quite attentive to the couple right next to us. We see him come up the stairs, realize he has forgotten something, puts it into the POS system, go back down, come back up, and tend to a different table. We see this numerous times. 
At this point, we're getting a little aggravated. Finally, he comes up to us with a blank look on his face, and goes, "Oh... you guys never got your drinks...?" My boyfriend responds, "no, we'll just take the drinks and the check." He finally gives us both.
I have to say I'm really cautious about going here again.Went for Happy Hour. Sat at the bar. Our bartender, Barry was great. Ordered buck a shuck oysters and for $1@ they were great. Then we ordered lobster rolls (NOT). They were mostly sea legs and seasoned to mask the fact that there was little to no lobster. Also ordered crab and bechamel fries as well as Brussels and bacon. Turned out to be mediocre fries with cheese sauce and some crab meat. Bechamel Sauce does NOT have cheese. That would be Mornay and even then, it had way too much cheese. Brussels were served in a crock (like what French onion soup is served in) half filled with what I can only guess was bacon fat. Sprouts were too hard and bacon was hard to find.
I would suggest to the owners that if they wanted people to come in for happy hour they would be much happier to get what they ordered.Was looking forward to my first time at Anastasi's and was not disappointed. My son and I stopped in on a week night and were absolutely delighted. Had PEI and Kumomoto oysters and was in heaven. So fresh and they tasted like the sea. Joe had clams, crab and shrimp and was equally thrilled. We savored every bit. I then opted for fried oysters and never had such deliciousness. They were fresh , creamy and like butter. WOW. Followed this up with a roasted chicken entree and didn't expect anything overwhelming. 
Wrong.......it knocked my socks off and I enjoyed every morsel. Done perfectly with a light sauce that was superb. Yes, this is over chicken. Joe had the lobster roll that he is still raving about. So glad  we were able to finally try this haven. Our waiter was helpful and friendly and went out of his way. Neat looking place and spotless. Everyone was friendly and I will return SOON! Incidentally,this  visit was after a very bad week for my family and was just what the doctor ordered. A real UP. Thanks Anastasi and best of luck in your venture. looking forward to my next visit.The octopus salad was absolutely delicious. I am obsessed and will definitely be back again soon for it! Fresh oysters, great draft wines (only $5 from 10-12) I would recommend checking this place out. Can't wait for the weather to warm up so I can sit outside :)Good friendly attentive service.  We were greeted very nicely by the bartender who offered us our choice of seating. Tim was our server and he was very personable.  We tried each of the oysters and they were all fresh and delicious. Second we tried the Irish Clam Chowder. It was very flavorful although a tad on the salty side. I would order it again though! We also had the shrimp cocktail - the shrimp were huge and perfectly cooked. Finally we shared the lobster roll which was also delicious, well prepared with a good balance of mayo and celery and seasoning.  I will be going there again and again. Really nice job - no real kinks to work out and they've just been opened less than a week!Ahhhh finally, a buck a shuck place in Manayunk!!! HH specials from 5-7 on weekdays. Oysters are fresh. We also ordered lobster mac and cheese and pasta. They are pretty generous with the seafood in both dishes. The place is also new so the ambiance is very clean and chic. Overall a great new addition to main street!My wife and I dined here July of 2016.  The food was great.  Raw bar came out fresh and prepped for us and the entrees were really well made.  The drinks were nice and complimented the food.  I only give this place three stars because the waiter was horrible.  We waited too long for everything and weren't even told the specials or greeted properly.  If the wait staff was up to par with the food I would have given five stars.  It's unfortunate that the waiter was either brew, overwhelmed, or just bad.  At one point he told another waitress he was looking at Facebook after being gone for a long time and he always reeked of cigarettes.  Oh well, one can only hope it was a rare occurrence but I can't speak to that.Only had drinks and Appetizers but great service and I felt welcomed.  Would definitely revisit for dinner.  Menu looked very appealing.  We ended up ordering from raw bar because the orders coming out to table looked and smelled so good.  Good luck Anastasi's welcome to Manayunk!!!!!Went  with my wife on Saturday night and sat at the bar. The bartender seemed uninterested to help us when we originally sat down and was overly consumed by the service bar. The food came out quickly and was better than average. We finished our drinks and then sat without drinks for approximately 15-20 minutes. The bartenders refused to acknowledge us and never looked at us or asked if we needed anything. We finally waved down our bartender in which we hate to do, but in this situation it  needed to be done to get our check. One of the managers overheard us and offered us a free drink as an apology after the fact. We declined and paid our check and left. This might be subjective but the offer felt insincere. The service was lackluster and as customers we felt unappreciated.Cute place. Liked the bars on the main floor. The dining area is upstairs, not sure about an elevator. My friends really liked the raw bar and HH specials! I didn't see any specialty drinks offered so I just had a Long Island Iced Tea which was excellent. I ordered the fish and chips and it was only ok. It didn't have too much flavor. The menu had some good choices but not too much else to choose from if you're not a seafood fan. 
Service was excellent. Can't believe the servers have to run up and down the stairs all day long.
I hope Anastasi makes it. Manayunk needs a raw bar.So because I know that I have about 7.5 seconds to keep your attention, here's my main message:
GET THE LOBSTER ROLL.
Seafood is my thanggg.  I'll pass on a burger any day for an ice cold tray of raw oysters, some buttered, fried, steamed, scampi'd up i-don't-care-what-you-do-with-it shrimp, and alllll of the lobster!  What I'm trying to say is...  I know my seafood.  
They do the lobster roll RIGHTTTT here. HUGE chunks of lobster (the real thing, my friends!) sandwiched within a flaky buttery roll - AMEN.  I wish I ordered three.  
The squid ink risotto is also right up there with the lobster roll.  If I weren't in public, I would've licked the bowl.  That good, guys!  I promise.  We were kindly informed (upon our order) that the squid ink would get on our lips and teeth a bit with each bite, but WHATEVER - so worth it!  
I was slightly disappointed with the crab mac and cheese, but I attribute that to my expectation of it being super cheesy with all sorts of cheddar.  It was good, but ya know - can there just ever be enough cheese?  
I highly recommend ending the night with some oyster shooters.  It was my first time trying those out, but I'm glad I did at Anastasi - they did not disappoint!  Try the Maria (+++) and the Mikhael and slurp up those oysters!
One last thing to note - and very important I may add!  The servers, hostess, and owner (met her at the end of the night, so nice!!!) are all WONDERFUL there.  We had Ray (ask for him!  great server) and he did an incredible job in guiding us through the menu for our first time.  Without his recommendations, we wouldn't have had the lobster roll or the oyster shooters - so glad he was there to show us the way!  
I am SO glad that this place is less than a five minute drive away from my place...  I'll surely be there a few times a month.... or maybe even a week.  :PExcellent happy hour! We came on a Sunday evening not expecting any special deals and were surprised to learn about their 7 days a week happy hour specials. Included were buck a shuck oysters! They were so good we ended up putting in a second order. Their crab claws and shrimp cocktail were also excellent, although a bit pricey. Definitely worth it to get such fresh, delicious raw bar options right on Main Street! We sat upstairs on their outdoor patio and loved it. Service was pleasant and very fast (although it was not very crowded while we were there).
Definitely recommend coming during happy hour (5-7pm) as the deals are great and the prices are a bit high otherwise. We will be coming back, for sure!Amazing seafood 3 blocks from my place?! Just what Main St. was missing. 
Service is super friendly, food is A+, vibe and decor are on point. Don't be foolish, try this place out!! 
Plus, banging happy hour deals!! Keep doing you, Anastasi's!Was looking forward to happy hour and buck a shuck.  Arrived at 5:55 on a Saturday, had saw the happy hour posting on Facebook.  
We sit down at the bar, and order 1 dozen oysters and some drinks.  iPhone says 558.  Bartender says ok I'll get this in right away.  Comes back and says its to late, system won't allow it.  My iPhone says 559.
We order a beer and go elsewhere for dinner. 
Not a good first impression.  It wasn't the money, but the principal.Super friendly bartenders! Perfectly shucked oysters! Beautiful bar! Outstanding beer selection and outdoor seating! Heck! You might as well be in New England!Craving seafood and not wanting to go to Center City, we tried out a new spot, well, new to us, and it was really good. Oysters and clams were really fresh. Shrimp cocktail was decent. Sticking with our New Year "intentions", we ordered a few sides. Sautéed spinach was perfect, carrots with thyme were a pleasant surprise, but the star of the night was the eggplant risotto. We both love eggplant and I'm always looking for new recipes. I'm definitely gonna be looking to duplicate that recipe. Service was decent, we opted for a seat in the bar area as opposed to upstairs. That atmosphere was livelier. We'll go back.We had a great meal here. Oysters we excellent. I got the branzino and it was also very good. They have some house wine on tap, which is interesting but great if you don't want a whole bottle. We will be back! The outside area is very cool - will be popular when the weather gets warmer....only con is my waitress was very new. Hopefully she will get more familiar with the menu & drinks over time so she can make recommendations/describe different types of oysters, etc.Went on Friday nite great happy hour food and service was a ten ! You can tell they know what thee doing ! Since they own Anastasi seafood and Pescatore byob !Favorite happy hour in manayunk so far! If you are a big fan of oysters and seafood definitely try this place out. Mon-Fri the Happy Hour is from 5-7pm and 10-12am ($1 oysters and $4 oyster shooters). Their oyster shooters are delicious, I recommend the Maria! They have a full bar and interesting selection of drinks, although not much of a vodka selection but you can always ask to substitute it into one of their drinks.While the food is decent, the prices are outrageous.  $22 for mussels and linguine? C'mon.... I am a chef so maybe i know pricing a little better than most but that's just robbery.  The raw bar was good.  The service is pretty bad though.  We walked in the door, it took way too long for anyone to come great us.  The hostess was nowhere to be found.  After we sat down it then took like 15 minutes for someone to come over and say anything.  I saw two people arguing about who would come over and greet us... That was a red flag.  Then after that, one of the male servers was bringing a bottle of water over and the bottom of the glass dropped out and glass and water spilled all over the floor and got my legs/shoes wet.  That wasnt the problem because it was a mistake, the real problem was that the server didnt even acknowledge that it happened to any of the surrounding tables, he just stared at other servers to come help him clean it up.  He never apologized once nor did he say ANYTHING to us.  It was strange... Then later my dad had a complaint about the water... Yes, i thought he shouldnt have even complained because i doubt the restaurant would do anything about it anyway, but at the end of the dinner my mom sort of apologized for it and the server said "don't worry, im used to it".  
Being in the industry, that is NOT what you say.  The customer is always right and you basically are just supposed to apologize for any inconvenience no matter how rude a customer can be.  They're lucky i dont call their manager and tell them all this coming from someone who has been in the food industry for YEARS.   This restaurant will not last the way it is now!I came Thursday October 29th around 8pm. My girlfriend and I sat at the bar. She was there before me and placed the food order prior to my arrival. Once I got in we were looking to order drinks but it took a very long time for a bartender to help us. I'm not sure if they thought we didn't want drinks because my girlfriend has already ordered food.  Eventually a guy behind the bar (who seemed like maybe he managed the bar) tapped one of the girls and told her to help us so we finally were able to order drinks. The problem here was I really wanted beer but there was something wrong with their draft system. Everything was coming out with tons of foam.  I decided to just not even try that and get a glass of water and whiskey lol.  We had hoped that the food would make up for the long wait and beer problem. As an appetizer we order the octopus dish.  It was not terrible  however I would not order it again. The octopus tasted pretty bland. After the appetizer we had 2 entrees coming. Our order was placed at just about 8:00 and we did not receiver our entrees until just about 8:50. I had the fish n chips.  At $22 this was definitely not worth it at all.  My fries were a little too well done and the fish was just ok... Definitely not worth $22.  My girlfriend had the seafood pescatore (I believe that was the name). She did enjoy that except for the fact that there were not many clams in the dish and a ton of mussels.  From listening to conversations from the employees I found out they ran out of clams.  Overall the service was very shaky and it just seemed like they were not fully prepared as this is a new restaurant.  I would go back and try them again if the food was great however the food was far from it.Manayunk has always been a college town until a couple years ago. It seems like the town is maturing as the classy & trendy businesses are starting to open. I can absolutely say that Anastasi has been a great addition to the growth of this young hip town.  The staff know their menu, drinks and most importantly... their customers. You're always greeted with a smile, a cold drink and a warm meal (unless your meal consists of their exquisite, fresh oysters- they're icy cold). 
Needless to say, this place is a must for anyone visiting or living in Manayunk. Highly recommended.I came here at 5:30 on a Saturday, opening day, and service was perfectly smooth. Some new restaurants struggle to work on the kinks the first few days, but I can say that we were very well taken care of. Our waitress, Shannon, was very attentive and friendly. 
The food: Blue Point and Cape May oysters were on offer and we tried both, served with lemon wedges, cocktail sauce, and what I believe was red wine vinegar. The Cape May had a great texture and flavor - I would highly recommend. Anastasi is sourcing good fare here. I wasn't very hungry, so I opted for the Grilled Octopus salad as my entree. I was not disappointed. As someone who knows how difficult it is to make tender, well-seasoned octopus, I can say that this hit the mark. Perfectly seared slices of octopus were arranged around a bed of arugula, drizzled with balsalmic, and a little sprinkling of parm. I *think* there were some fresh tomatoes thrown in there too. It really was great. 
Try the horseradish sauce that's house-made on the table. What a great bonus!
I would absolutely come back here again, and I look forward to seeing what happy hour options show up, once they're up and running!I was always a huge fan of Beast & Ale and so sad when it closed. My roommate and I stopped in here the other night. We wanted to wait a little bit after the grand opening to let them work out any new restaurant jitters. We arrived for dinner around 7PM on Sunday night. The host was very friendly and seated us promptly.
There is a somewhat limited menu. I do want to disclose that I am not a fan of seafood, so I was expecting a few more "seafood-less-friendly" options. They did have an Eggplant Risotto and a Thyme Chicken dish that sounded good. I thought I saw online they had a Crab Cake Sandwich, however I didn't see it on the dinner menu (must have just been for lunch). I ordered the Shrimp Cocktail ($3 per shrimp) and the Irish Clam Chowder. The Shrimp Cocktail consisted of surprisingly large shrimp for the price. I ordered four (4) shrimp, which was plenty for an appetizer portion. I wasn't very hungry so I got the Clam Chowder for my meal. It was creamy and savory and delicious. I could taste the potatoes and leek flavor, which was really nice. It even came with four (4) clams (in shell). My roommate got the Cape May oysters, which he liked. He ordered the Fish N Chips for his meal. He said the fish was ok, batter was decent, but the really loved the fries. 
The atmosphere was open but dark (possibly due to daylight savings and the navy paint). The paintings on the wall were interesting (fish/sea creatures covering the faces). My favorite thing about this place is the outdoor seating, which I took advantage of many times this past summer when it was Beast & Ale. The server was pleasant, albeit a little slow to check on us and refill our drinks/water. Overall I had a decent experience, however this would not be my first choice for a night out.Ate there last night, 4 people, 4 dozen buck-a-shuck James River oysters, most of which were scrawny.  Two of us had lobster rolls.  Plenty of lobster, but if you expect what you get in New England(e.g. Maine) lobster rolls, you'll be  very disappointed.  Lobster cold, and rolls similar to hot dog rolls  Far from first-rate seafood.They had me at Prosecco. on. tap.
Lobster Roll was amazing. 
Raw bar sections were fresh and tasty.
Crab legs delicious.
Service was perfect - we were there on a slow night which can be a little annoying but this crew knew how to handle it. We sat at the bar and bartender was friendly but not obtrusive. Happy hour specials were great. Cant wait to go back!Great spot for happy hour. Got a dozen blue point oysters and a couple glasses of prosecco for under $25. 
The oysters were very fresh and had good options for toppers including horseradish, cocktail sauce, red wine vinegar sauce, and crackers.
We'll be back for sure to try the main menu!Stumbled in here on a whim and was blown away.  The freshest seafood raw bar, attentive service and delicious wines on tap.  Same owners as the 105 yr old Italian market seafood market of the same name.  This is a true Philly gem - The Real Deal.  Will come back for sure and support this family business.Wonderful meal. The octopus salad was done just right, tender and tasty. The mussels were a bit spicy in a nice white broth. The fish and chips were better than any I had in the UK. Our waitress was excellent as were the other servers. 
My only complaint was the noise level, 97 on my db meter. Way too loud.My new favorite place! My friend and I went today for happy hour and got the buck and shuck clams, fish tacos and crab salad. All were amazing in their own way and the prices were great for the abundance that we got. The $5 sangria was amazing as well and had a surprising kick to them that made it very unique. Service was superb and we felt like home. Plus there was a dj on the roof top! Best kept secret for sure!I've visited Anastasi twice- once with friends and once for a date night. Both times we received exceptional service and delicious food at a very reasonable price. 
Happy Hour- This runs from 5-7 (even on Saturdays!) and offers buck a shuck oysters and clams, which are super fresh. There are also drink discounts, but I stuck with the $5 wine both times. I'd also recommend an order of the crab bechamel fries. They might be the best cheese fries I've ever had. 
Dinner - For appetizers, we split the squid ink risotto (my favorite); scallop and pork belly with sweet potato puree (couldn't tell the difference between the scallop and meat, but it didn't matter because they were awesome); and mussels marinara (a sizable portion that everyone enjoyed). For entrees, the Crab Mac N Cheese and Linguine Pescatore were huge hits at our table. Every person raved about their meal. 
Once the weather warms up there will be outdoor seating on the second floor deck.
Overall, a great addition to Main Street and hands down best seafood in the area.Heard about this place from friends. I stopped in for happy hour to check it out, and was not disappointed! They offer a nice happy hour which includes a buck a shuck selection, a dollar off wines and drafts and discounted oyster shooters. I went for the oysters, and they exceeded my expectations. Super fresh and delicious. They def don't skimp on quality, which is important when it comes to seafood. They also have a great craft beer selection. Bartender was super friendly and attentive. I really hope this place survives the Manayunk college crowed.This restaurant was such a great find!!  Normally new places don't warrant a second visit but I will absolutely be back. This place has a seafood market in south philly owned in the same "family" and the seafood was super fresh and yummy!  They have a roof deck and sidewalk seating for nice weather and Frank really made our night special.  Not only did he give us the most amazing service, but he also went out of his way to help my friend ask me to be her bridesmaid!  Oh!..did I mention the happy hour specials are it of this world?!  $5 wine and buck a shuck oysters and clams!!!Welcome to the Yunk, Anastasi! I am so excited to have a legitimate and delicious happy hour in the hood. Draft Prosecco!?!  Yes, please! You just cannot go wrong with buck-a-shuck oysters and grilled octopus.  Please check this place out -- Anastasi is a diamond in the rough on a BBQ & dive-bar dominated Main Street.Went here during the Manayunk Arts Fest.  They had a limited menu that day.  We ordered a beer to start with some Oysters.  No description of where they were from, but they were not bad.  We also ordered a Lobster Roll and a Fish Tacos.  The lobster meat was a bit mushy and didn't have many chunks of meat in it.  It was also over-sauced.  Definitely not Luke's Lobster.  
They said they were serving cod tacos.  The taste was OK when you got a bite of fish, but the fish portion was not enough.  It needed about 50% more for balance.  It was nice to sit outside, but not worth the $60+.  
The servers were nice and friendly, but seemed inexperienced.   I  wonder why they would only offer a couple of menu items on such a high traffic day.  Maybe I would stop back in for a cold beverage, and maybe oysters, but not for any other food.My husband and I have had an amazing experience every time we've visited Anastasi. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and strive to make a personal connection with all patrons. The bartenders create fantastic craft cocktails with wonderful flavor and creativity. The food is also great; the seafood is fresh and it would not be a stretch to say that Anastasi serves the best brunch on Main Street. A must in Manayunk!Was fortunate to give Anastasi Raw Bar another chance last night. GREAT seafood place! Plump, tasty buck-a-shuck James River oysters beautifully served on a tiered ice tray (party of 4, 3 dozen oysters).  Clam chowder delicious, uniquely presented by having 6 full clams in the shell in the chowder, (rather than the usual serving of chowder with pieces of clams).  Outstanding lobster roll, full of large pieces of fresh lobster.  Seared yellow fin tuna, one inch thick, perfectly rare. One of our party had mussels, full in their shells, sauce delicious. Service (Josh) very friendly, helpful, expeditious. And, Frank Kemp, the owner, always around the tables, making certain everything is happily accomplished.  Don't miss this excellent seafood restaurant. Glad I gave it a second try.Wish the menu had more options.. not many items on it that weren't appetizers, sides or fries.. 
The cocktails are good especially if you are into brown liquor. 
The staff is nice and knowledgeable about the menu 
Overall my experience was okay, I would probably only go back for happy hour. :)Stumbled in here on a whim and was blown away.  The freshest seafood raw bar, attentive service and delicious wines on tap.  Same owners as the 105 yr old Italian market seafood market of the same name.  This is a true Philly gem - The Real Deal.  Will come back for sure and support this family business.Went on Friday nite great happy hour food and service was a ten ! You can tell they know what thee doing ! Since they own Anastasi seafood and Pescatore byob !Buck a shuck everyday 4-6PM- you can't really beat that! I haven't had anything else but the oysters that were delicious but I already love this place just for the good deal. 
I looked over the menu and was surprised to see the limited selection given the wide range of foods offered at the South Philly location- but I'll wait to try until I make any assumptions.Give a girl a buck a shuck happy hour and I am happy as a clam! Stopped in a few weeks after they opened (tip: wait before you go in to a new place to let them work out their kinks) and I'm super psyched to have a place in Manayunk that feels like Center City. 
Three words: Prosecco. On. Tap. Whaaaat? My kind of place right off the bat. The food was great. Mostly pub food heavy on the seafood. Fish and chips were just like when I was living in London. Crab Creme Brulee? What is that? I don't care but I want a big tub of it all the time. 
Cute design. Not too different from Beast and Ale but I was dying when I saw the posters on the wall.  I'm soooo excited about that roof deck. Picture me, come spring, elbow deep in crab legs with my carafe of bubbles. #lifegoalsWe went for the buck a shuck and loved the oysters and clams. Great service, we were able to sample a draft beer or two before deciding. We ordered the crab beschumel fries, they were excellent. Money well spent!!!Went in for a brief happy hour.  I got half a dozen oysters and a beer.  The oysters were fresh and cold although I'm more a fan of the briny kind of oyster, the oyster de jour was still pretty good.  The menu looked good too.  I wonder if a college crowd will come in as the place is not so hip or trendy but I've got a feeling the quality of the food will be their reason people stop by.
Went there again w an old pal of mine the other night for happy hour and dinner.  We started w a dozen oysters which were fresh and good.  Oysters were from Virginia.  Then we got two gin martinis.  Also, made just right.  I then ordered fish and chips, my friend the halibut.  The fish n chips were made very good and the portion was outstanding.  Maybe the coating could have been a bit more crispy and a tad more oily.  Friends halibut was good. Also, the portion was big, big.  Service was friendly and professional.  It's not a trendy place or hip but for Main Street (Manayunk) it'll stand out nicely.Was interested in eating here after reading the reviews as there is a paucity of good seafood in the area. Clearly a mistake. The clam chowder was overwhelmingly salty and the fish on my fish and chips platter was undercooked and had a metallic taste to it. The chips were soggy and again everything was too salty. I sent the fish back and waited another 25 minutes for a new plate to arrive. It too was undercooked and had the same weird taste. My companion's crab Mac and cheese was bland. Sorry. No return visits for me!!!
The manager and waiter were quite apologetic and took the cost of the fish off the bill.This place is a joke. From entering the restaurant I felt a bad vibe. Customer service is out the window. Service was so terrible we didn't finish our glass of wine and appetizer and cancelled our order.  The waitress and bartender was going out of their way to a void us. People who came in after us was service before we were. After we told them we are ready to leave because of the service there was no apology instead they got really defensive. It's clear to say our black *** was not welcome and so I'll take my same green dollars elsewhere.Amazing seafood 3 blocks from my place?! Just what Main St. was missing. 
Service is super friendly, food is A+, vibe and decor are on point. Don't be foolish, try this place out!! 
Plus, banging happy hour deals!! Keep doing you, Anastasi's!It's been said before but I'll say it again... GET THE LOBSTER ROLL!!!  Giant chunks of tasty lobster, perfect amount of mayo, and a yummy, buttery roll, already planning my return trip.  Prosecco on tap hit the spot as well, my friend got the the merlot and also enjoyed hers.  While it was too cold to sit on the patio (uhhh snow in April?!?), I imagine it will be quite inviting in a couple weeks.  Service was prompt and pleasant.  Can't wait for round 2!I was glad to see something had opened  up here as,I remember the former establishment there wasn't too bad but Main St. Is a,popular strip so vacant space is dissapointing. Anyhooo, on to what I liked  loved and hated which brings me to this moment of frantic typing. My husband and I stopped in here as we love seafood and its Manayunk cocktail week. Upon arrival we were greater by a nice hostess who sat us promptly where I requested.  It took a moment for out server to come but it's all good, we are patient  folk.  We asked about the drinks special for cocktail week and he had no idea what we were talking about. He went back and asked about it and came back and told us,oh yes there is one but by then my hubby had pulled up the drink from online and showed him what we meant. No biggie I would allege......until the bill came. We will get to that after I finish my recap. We instead ordered 2 of the signature shooters to start. They were ok bug needed tobasco. We then ordered the cocktail special and the "lousiana oysters". When they arrived they were very meaty and pretty! The flavor was good but like I told them ( the wait staff  ) promptly they were not authentically seasoned. Anyone who has been to the well loved and respected foodie haven  of new orleans will tell you if you gonna do it, do it right. They missed it, the topping did not have that parmesan type crust on top and it was not char grilled from the bottom. It was their own take on things ok I get it but give it another name.
So here we are at the bill, he brings us our check. We look at it and usually We are the "throw our card in and not really pay attention" type. Good thing we didn't this time because it was all shapes of wrong. He charged  us double for the signature drinks that should've been cocktail l week price. He charged us for everything except what we ordered. We told him immediately  and he "corrected it" and when he brought it back it was still 6 shades past wrong. Sheesh it was so painful to get it together we said f@c# it and paid the random  bill rather than spend 20 more minutes  trying to get it corrected again. Sooooo will I try them again??? Well I love seafood and it was fresh. But imma need them to get their service life together. Cuz, hunnti things were not on fleek last nite but I digress. I want to be able to come back and see improvement, so one more try is in me. But one more and that's it.Great place for seafood in Manayunk. Crab legs were great and so was the mac and cheese!