So gooood, reasons prices, old school modest diner. Weekend mornings you'll always find a line,but service is quick and easy. Enjoy homemade comfort food, American Italian etc. a must try!We come here often for breakfast as two of us can eat for about $12 including drinks. Staff is always attentive. Cheapest place for breakfast/diner food in the area. Clean bathrooms are always a plus in my book. They have a small salad bar. You can sit in a booth or at a table as well as the counter if you're a single diner. 
They are always busy but great at serving food fast and efficiently. 
The only negative experience we've had here was the last time we ate there before this morning the booth we were sat in smelled like urine. They do have a large senior clientele and it happens and the booths are vinyl covered so easy to clean and sanitize. However as soon as we were sat and I smelled it and told the waitress she moved us to a different booth nearby with no apology or any words at all. We watched to see her clean it but she didn't, they sat people there without cleaning the seats. 
This was a one time event and our experiences before and after that have been great.Good food at an amazing price. The service is so quick. Staff is OK, could be a little more friendly.I can understand waiting about 20 minutes for a table during the lunchtime rush, but I can't understand why they won't let me have my dessert "to go" when it is part of my meal special yet had no time to eat it because of the long wait I had prior.
If someone I was with was allowed to take home the leftovers in a box, why couldn't I receive my dessert and take it home in a box as well? Apparently this practice is "only done at dinner time." If you aren't going to let someone enjoy the entire meal they paid for, then don't offer it.Been going here since I was a kid! Love this place! Always get my usually hungry man with French today! We always take our visiting family here for breakfast. Will never stop coming here!!The wait was longer today and we have a schedule to keep so we sat at the counter. I've never sat at the counter anywhere bcuz i thought it would be awkward but it was actually great! The waitresses interacting is hysterical plus the side comments. I wouldn't hesitate to sit at the counters in the future!Awesome, awesome food and shockingly good prices. Little tough to wait when it's crowded but definitely the best diner in the area.This is one of my go to spots for diners in the area. I like coming here mainly because of their portion sizes which is generous for the price you pay. The workers and owner are very kind and do their best seating everyone, especially on the weekend where it's very busy. Definitely my favorite local diner and would recommend you to stop by!Stick to diner type food and you'll be fine.  Prices fair & service friendly.  However the wait can be problematic as there really isn't a waiting area. Places is small.Decided to give this diner a shot after my daughter's indoor soccer game.  All I can say is we both were glad we did.  The wait was a few minutes but well worth it.  The staff was knowledgeable and friendly and most important the food was good and plentiful.  I had the broiled flounder combo (Flounder Florentine & Flounder stuffed with crab meat).  The meal came with bread, soup, salad, two veggies, dessert and soft drinks...for about $10.
I will most certainly be back after her next game.So, you show up at this place, and half the time, there is a line.  The only reason I can figure is the large portions, which seem to appeal to many of the seniors and families who frequent this diner.
The food is bland, but I guess that's what many people want...I'd rather have a meal with a little more character.Not a bad first impression ...
I was actually gonna head to another diner that i hadn't tried when I drove past this place, which i had my eye on for quite some time. Very nice outside and inside. But also very small inside, so be prepared to not get seat near a window if that's what you like. Also, I don't recall seeing any tables w/chairs... Just booths and about 8 counter seats. 
I walked in, said hello, and was told that I could have a seat where I liked... The waitress immediately brought me coffee and juice. Took my order, and literally within minutes, my plate was on my table piping hot... The breakfast was very good, along with the friendly service. I got there early and got a seat right away. Within minutes the place was full.... 
I told the waitress on my way out that I planned on returning soon. Hopefully next time for lunch.My husband and I ate here for the 1st time today. I saw their rating on yelp & thought why not try it. Well we're glad we did. Great food served hot and fast with a smile, not to mention very reasonable prices! We will be going back very soon!This place is always busy but the turnover is incredible. You never have to wait long. We were 4th in line and were seated in 10 minutes. The line is an indicator of how good Andonio's is. 
We've been here for "brunch" multiple times and they never disappoint. Even today when our waitress tossed the creamer down onto the table which annoyed me greatly we just  went back to eating. She was in some kind of mood, in guessing she's new and is having a bad day given she kept asking all the other waitresses if they have her checkbook.
The coffee is really good and has unlimited refills. If you like corn beef hash get there early as it's homemade and sells out quick!This place is a nightmare!!!! Service is horrible. If it just sucked it would be an improvement. It is so noisy you can't even hear the person sitting next to you!!!! The food is fair. There's no reason to go to this place. I wouldn't go there if the food was freeLet's get the obvious out of the way. Andonio's is fast, delicious, friendly and familiar. All of the hallmarks of a great diner. The menu is stacked with options. 
But that's not why I'm writing. I grew up in the Northeast and ever since my parents became empty nesters, they have become regulars at Andonio's. I would often hear from them about how much they enjoyed it and liked eating there. Sometimes, when I was home in Philly, I would join them. Always had a pleasant experience.
Yet, on a recent trip, they provided service above excellence. My father had recently passed away and I had been home with my family. My mom, brother, sister-in-law and niece went in for breakfast. The owner instantly recognized my mom and came out to say hello while we waited for a table. Later, my mom informed him that my father had passed. 
When we were finished, we asked for the check. I knew from my parent's mentioning it many times, that the prices were extremely reasonable. But the check never came. Instead, the owner and our server came over to offer their condolences again and to tell us that they were picking up the check.
It wasn't just that the meal was on the house, it was the loyalty and appreciation for their customers that truly makes Andonio's a special restaurant. You can't find that kind of personal service and attention to details many places anymore. My father loved Andonio's and we are happy to see that the love went both ways. Thank you!There is ample parking available. As soon as I left the diner I had diarrhea. I'm disappointed because while I was there, the scrapple, hash browns and over easy eggs was good. Sorry, but I am never coming back!My favorite diner in the northeast. Great breakfast deals, great food, and love the staff. They have had the same employees working there for years and they are super friendly. Majority of people who go are regulars. Definitely recommend.This diner is right where I grew up, I've been coming here over a year for breakfast only although I hear that the dinner's are great as well. But the breakfast menu is real cheap the food is great the server's are (my favorites are Dawn or Cissie) if you get there before 8am you'll get a seat any later you'll wait.  If your looking for a good breakfast go to Andonios "Where Good Friends Meet"Andonios Diner is located on Krewstown Road off of Grant. It's kind of set off from the road between a couple of buildings, so be sure to watch out while you are driving. 
If you head to Andonio's for dinner be ready for a wait. They have an early  bird dinner that lasts from 4 -9 (There must be lots of worms for those birds!)  So, there is usually a bit of a line. They don't take names. I suppose they just assume people will be honest - well if not I am sure another diner would bark up so it's no big deal.
Andonio's seating is a mixture of booths and tables. I sat at a table this time and it was just fine and comfortable for the meal. I usually prefer a booth, but with the previously mentioned long line I figured beggars can't be choosers. 
The menu is pretty large and filled with all sorts of specials, Early bird, daily and I assume specials for each meal of the day. The special includes a salad bar salad, soup, a beverage, your meal and a selection of treats to enjoy after dinner. (I had the chocolate ice cream.)
The salad is from a salad bar, which I am not usually a big fan of because of the lack of freshness. But, this place does a great job of swapping out everything so nothing was wilted or even close to old tasting or feeling.
The dinner itself is delicious. I had the shepherd's pie. And, well, here's a complaint it wasn't what I think of shepherd's pie. It looked like they backed the meat and then threw a couple of scoop of mashed potatoes on top. Which is not my idea of the meal. You need to bake the mashed potatoes with every thing so you have that nice crispy brown top. And, you shouldn't be able to see through the potatoes to know there is meat under there. After I got over the initial disappointment I really enjoyed the meal. And, there was plenty of it! 
Dessert was fine. Not an outrageous ice cream sundae, just a scoop of ice cream in a small bowl. But, it was good ice cream.
Very reasonable. Everyone was very friendly (aside from a foul mouthed old woman waiting in line in front of us. Hard to blame the diner for that.) I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good deal on a meal.this is a great diner----with delicous food, a long early bird special, a nice salad bar, fishcakes (where can you get them today) and a great lunch (mon and fri) special of lox,bagel, cream cheese, vegetables, etc for about $6.99. another home run. many of the food are truly home made.
i gave the diner 4 stars out of five, so that you might not come. too good to wait in a longer lineI really like this place! It is one of the best diners in the Philadelphia area -   It might get quite busy at times - but the food is worth the wait.  Service is wonderful and price is very good.
Any food that you get from here is worth it - whether it is breakfast, lunch or dinner.
Coffee is very good -  The Bagels are amazing! As are the eggs and sausage.
Parking lot is small - but should be ok on most days.
Highly recommended!My favorite diner in Philadelphia, always get the lunch special! Food is so good and so affordable!Breakfast is not a daily routine for me so upon receiving a tip about this diner, I stopped by and was not disappointed. My food was delicious and cooked just like I asked for it. The smiles from the staff were plentiful and each of them were courteous and helpful to each others customers.Really good food, generous portions, and low prices. The service is always good and the owners, Laz and Teddy, are super friendly and nice! What more could you ask for?!I'm a bit reticent to write a review for Andonio's diner. Why? Because too many people already know about it! We've been eating there at least once a week for probably a decade now. Unless you go on off hours, you'll have a wait. Sometimes a really long wait. The value is unsurpassed and the food rarely disappoints; I can count on one hand the "bad" entrees I've had in the past 10 years. Now, keep in mind it's a small, local Greek diner, and don't expect haute cuisine (although they do make some surprisingly unusual dishes). The salad bar, while small, is always very fresh due to the constant turnover. In fact, just about everything we've had has been fresh. I think they have so much volume of business that ingredients don't have time to get old.
The waitstaff really shines here... almost without exception they are incredibly speedy, hard working, and friendly to all (but don't get on their bad side). The owner, Lazoros, is often "working" the dining room, greeting guests, and making everyone feel at home. That's something you don't often see at restaurants any more.
Yes, the clientele is often geriatric. That's probably why you don't see very many Yelp reviews for it. But, despite what another poster said, it's always been very kid friendly in our experience (we've been taking our now-seven-year-old son there since he was born). It's unusual to not see at least one family with children there, and the staff positively dotes on the young guests. (For the record, we're early 40s, and started going when we were in our 30s.)
What could be improved? When there is a wait it can be a bit of a mob scene. For some reason they never take names for the waitlist, rather relying on where people are standing and their memory of the order of arrival. This can make for a stressful wait. Also, they could do better at keeping the place clean. We've never felt it was bad enough to make us worry about the food, but I agree that the high-volume probably makes it hard to keep the place spotless.
Most of the seating is four-person booths, with three booths that seat up to six, and a couple of tables/chairs in the back that can be pushed together. I'd think twice about just dropping in with a group, as you'll probably have to wait a long time to get seated. I believe they may take reservations for bigger groups, although they don't for other parties.Come here to cure your hangover! Top 3 reasons why:
1. Most of their HUGE breakfast plates are under $10 (in case you spent all your money on  vodka or strippers the day before). 
2. The staff is surprisingly friendly (especially for a diner, that never happens).
3. They have the best steak and eggs ($10.50). Seriously, juicy thick steak, seasoned home fries, 2 freshly made to order eggs, crispy buttered toast AND endless cups of coffee.
It's not a place where you bring your cousins visiting the US for the first time, you come here to get good food for a good price. There is plenty of parking, the longest wait I've endured is 15 mins and it's 10,000X better then the gross Perkins a few blocks away.I had heard a lot of good things about this place, so I was surprised at how bleh it was. The service was great, but the food wasn't very good. My wife and I both ordered a omelette which came with hash browns. Not sure how you can screw that up, but both lacked any flavor.
On the bright side the coffee was good and the service was excellent.Great spot for breakfast good cheap and consistant it can get very busy especially on the weekendsThis time I came was way better then the last- the service was great! Fast and very helpful. Kept refilling my beverages and checked on us multiple times. 
I got the lunch this time and it was huge! And very tasty! Got a turkey club and it was so fresh- had coke slaw and chips with it. I ended up spending $24 for 3 people to eat breakfast/lunch- so happy about the price. 
The parking lot wasn't as crazy as it was previously and since we were there after 12 we missed the morning mayhem. 
Very please with this trip!I havent eaten here before but i came in hungry and grumpy for breakfast. I loved the hungry man special. The servers are all full of smiles and sent me out in a great mood.Enjoyed an inexpensive full course meal that was delicious. Early Bird dinners available that include soup, salad entree, drink and dessert!Excellent diner food at decent prices. Always consistent with pleasant waitresses and fast service.Great for Breakfast. The only thing is it is noisy. If people would learn not to talk loud. It would be perfect.Best diner in the Northeast. Period. Food is dynamite(they have a kick-ass pizza steak; make sure to ask them to toast the roll, as this bad boy is full of tender steak!!) Breakfast is the thing here, though..... it's DIRT cheap( nothing on the dinner menu over $13, & that's seafood, breakfast the most expensive is $10.75, steak & eggs, a surefire hangover cure!!)), really extensive menu( & if you don't see it, ask, they will probably make it for you if they can) dynamite taste, & they feed ya !! (I'm a big boy, & this place filled me, which is a rarity for diners). If you want breakfast, get out of bed & be here by 7am( when they open), just so you can beat the senior mob. The only drawback is that it is small, & if you get here past 8am, you will be waiting(& waiting, & waiting) for a seat. My go-to place for breakfast!!My family and I eat here almost every weekend. Very good and super nice staff. The only complaint I have is their bathroom has this awful, awful smell all the time. It needs a severe cleaning .Mediocre food.  Noisy, cramped.  Waitress was tapping her foot for me to leave my booth after dinner, so other people could be rushed into my seat.  Very rude when I can both see and hear her.  
Basically, a place for cheapskates.  Not my kind of place.Not impressed. I was by myself so maybe I wasn't worth more than the minimum. Everyone but the actual owner seemed miserable. The food was worse than plain. It seemed like leftovers. Why is it so hard to make your core foods taste good? Why do I have to dress it up with fruit and syrups? I was just visiting but I should have gone somewhere else. Young owners but decor looks to date from the 70s. Regulars look like they do too.Ordered hamburger for me and rigatoni w/ sausage for the wife. Hamburger was frozen patty and came with yellowish coleslaw. Rigatoni had very little sauce which may have been a good thing since it was a watery orange color. Staff was nice but atmosphere/décor was outdated at best. Prices were cheap. $18.00 for two meals. I don't expect great food at a diner but Mayfair or Suburban diners are WAY better options.The wait was so long by the time I ate I didn't wanna eat anymore- it is Good Friday so maybe that's why everyone was here. Sat down ordered a hot tea, waitress was okay and seemed to be overworked. I honestly hadn't noticed any other waitresses in the back area besides her running to the tables. 
They had a breakfast special running which was really cheap! But you know what that means cheap food prob isn't very good food- and that's my experience here. 
I ordered 2 eggs scrambled, home fries with onions and rye toast. 
The eggs didn't look like two eggs and had a weird taste. The home fries were okay but the onions on them were a mix of cooked ones and raw which turned my stomach a bit. 
I also had an issue with the rye toast- it was either in the toaster to long- (toast was hard as a brick) or it was stale bread toasted.(couldn't quite figure it out). 
Maybe their service and food was lacking due to it being Good Friday and everyone was off from work- but I honestly had a terrible experience here- and don't usually give horrible places a second try. 
I've only been here one other time and got lunch which I wasn't a huge fan of either. 
I notice a lot of elderly people come here- maybe they enjoy it because many of them don't have taste buds! 
I have a thing about bathrooms- if they aren't clean- most likely the kitchen isn't clean- 
The bathrooms were terrible- and had a terrible stench. Walking past the men's room with my daughter the door was wide open and you can see the toilet- it was covered is splattered poop- disgusting but probably not the restaurants fault per say- just wondering if they ever clean their bathrooms.Whether you stop in for breakfast lunch or dinner you always leave satisfied. Great food, great prices.......you will not leave hungry. Stopped in today and had one of their Tuesday specials......Baked Pork Chops in tomato sauce with 2 vegetables. Fork tender, so delicious! All the specials come with a cup of soup, salad bar (its small but fresh) dessert. The pork chops were $8.95! My Dad had breakfast for dinner......he says they make the BEST eggs. Andonio's is consistently great! Yes we will be back!!Great food with great prices. Family oriented. Salad bar a bit small but it works. Friendly staff..a lot of regulars. I love the dip of beef..Decent food at a low price.  Visit during the week for breakfast under $4.00.
I ordered over easy eggs with home fries and bacon.  It was all ok.  I would have preferred the home fries to be cooked a little more.  The coffee was surprisingly good too.
I would visit again for a cheap breakfast during the week.Food is decent and cheap and the manager is very nice. He shows a lot of concern for the customers. The decor is kitschy diner-esque and the portions are big. My biggest gripe is the service. The waitresses are indifferent to any solo diners or non-regulars. They are often loudly yukking it up with their favorite customers and will completely ignore you other than giving you the bare minimum until they slap your check down at the end with an attitude of "ok I'm done with you." A little tact and charm go a long way and would improve the experience here tremendously.I went here for brunch, the food was very tasty and cheap. The atmosphere was that if a typical diner; family oriented and busy.Best place I eat there alot, nice friendly people, nice staff, just a comfortable place with good prices .I have discovered what IHOP aspires to be: Andonios!  
Seriously - I can't count how many times I've been to Andonios, and I have yet to come across a meal I didn't enjoy, be it breakfast, lunch or dinner.  My favorite meal here, though, is breakfast.  You just can't beat it.  My first choice order is the waffle with any meat.  The pancakes are better than IHOP.  I'm not a huge fan of eggs, but my family members are more than happy with any of the breakfast egg dishes they've ordered.  The salad bar is always fresh and full; it's not about quantity, it's about quality.  And the dinner specials are a great bang for their buck.  
The staff is SO friendly and sweet!  Most of the clientele are regulars, and the staff knows the life stories of most of their clients.  They love to dote on the kids.  Some of them can get the shy-est of kids chatting up a storm.  
Whenever I leave Andonio's, my face, stomach and wallet are always smiling.  How can you possibly beat that?Andonio's Diner is a great experience, old and new friends await you there. The food is above average to good, portions are large so you can share with your "co-diner". The Greek salad was especially good and comes with grape leaves and spinach pie. The soup appears to be home made. There is ample parking and the prices are very fair. We are planning on making it one of our regular places to eat.We eat here often mainly for breakfast, the menu is great for choice and very good  the price is right. The waitress's are outstanding and very friendly, there is a little wait but that also tells you something the food is good and not many walk off from the line. I recommend Andonio's  diner to everyone you will not leave hungry.This diner is amazing because it's a favorite for the locals. I've been going here since I was nine years old. The owners and waitress makes you feel like you personally know each other and like you're family. Everything in this place taste amazing and fresh. The corn beef hash is a local favorite that it even runs out. The atmosphere and interaction makes this place great!this is a great diner----with delicous food, a long early bird special, a nice salad bar, fishcakes (where can you get them today) and a great lunch (mon and fri) special of lox,bagel, cream cheese, vegetables, etc for about $6.99. another home run. many of the food are truly home made.
i gave the diner 4 stars out of five, so that you might not come. too good to wait in a longer line.
the line seems long, but there is a counter and the line moves!Huge wait to be seated. Could be cleaner in all honesty. The waitress was unorganized and forgetful but I Loved the pancakes! I've tried so many places for pancakes but this is one of my favorites! Gotta come back soon to do an updated review to see if the food is just as good. One of the better diners in philly. Probably the best one in northeast!Love love
Love this place! I take my grandmother almost every Sunday! The staff is so kind! The food is so good and not expensive!We been coming here for years the food is excellent and the worker friendly and kind and the owner is also great. Location great prices are good.
Barb EdDessert Review
We stopped in Adonio's Diner as the last stop after foot massage and Afghani dinner. Just wanted some java and something sweet to finish the night's run. They advertise that they had a bakery, so they had to have some nice stuff. Right?
Not quite. 
Perhaps, because it was a long holiday weekend, and they gave the Baker's the day off, but all they had was cheesecake and apple crumb pie, neither of which looked to be made in house.  Ordered the apple slice anyway. I have never seen a smaller excuse for a diner dessert. Where most diners go out of their way to be excessive in these situations, Adonio's fit on a small saucer, practically flat and with little apple.The taste was industrial. The accompanying cuppa joe was also small and not very good.
The dinner customers were scoring large platters of whatever, and seemed satisfied. So, this was all about apres diner offerings. For unknown reasons, mine sucked. My friend's rice pudding was okay, but also miniscule compared to what most diners provide. 
First and last impression.I eat breakfast here almost every day. They are consistent and affordable. Don't let the long lines discourage you as they turn around tables quickly. I love their coffee and excellent service. I generally get eggs and breakfast meat however their creamed chipped beef is outstanding as well.I love this diner! The staff is super friendly as well as the customers who frequent this establishment. It's like cheers where everyone knows your name...lol the food is Great and it won't put a dent in your wallet! Just be warned it can be super busy around the main times of meal hrs; be patient it is very worth the wait!Nice neighborhood diner with comfortable seating, good food and low prices. Just a decent place to eat. Large senior crowd was nice to see at breakfast enjoying their coffee and each others company.  My cheese omelette was perfect.Went in a Sunday around 1130. Waited a few minutes for a table. I wasn't so sure how I was going to feel about this place by the looks of it, but the breakfast I had was great. 
I ordered chipped beef and home fries. It has the right consistency, the toast didn't have burnt marks on it, and the home fries had a crispy outside and soft inside. 
Hubby said French toast was excellent. 
I'll be going back.I was visiting Philadelphia this past weekend from Los Angeles Ca. went in for brunch to Andonio's Diner and let me say this place is amazing not only the food is delicious but the service is amazing as well the waitresses make you feel welcome when you walk in the establishment they are so nice when taking your order this type of service is spectacular and makes me want to visit Andonios again when I m in Philadelphia. Staff is super nice and made my diner experience a great time I wish we have this type of service in Los Angeles you just feel the love in this establishment. Thank Andonio'sWas a favorite but it's a shame things change I don't like eating at a place I have to worry about my belongings 
Waitresses who have been at the place are great I suggest you get cameras or check on your new staff. Lines are very long because most other places closed down I won't be back and it's sad.This place is awful i ordered a cornbeef special the worst the meat was gray and fake . how does anyone eat here discussing!Great food and value! Nice service although place is small so expect a line at peak times.  We were lucky because we came for breakfast around 10:30.   Looking forward to lunch next time.This is a great hole in the wall place for breakfast. Please do not let the long lines deter you. They do move fast. 
I love that ALL of the servers are so nice and friendly and since I have been coming here for years, I have become very friendly with them. 
The best part of breakfast is their specials because you get a ton of food without breaking the bank. They have breakfast specials til 11 that includes coffee/tea and other ones that include your choice of coffee/tea  and a small juice. They recently added that you can now upgrade to a large juice for .99. There really is something for everyone, eggs, tons of breakfast meats, oatmeal, cereal, french toast, pancakes. Hubby and I can get breakfast for about $10.00. I know a lot of resolutions are to save money or not go out to eat but this is your happy medium. 
I have only been here once for lunch but their lunch menu is pretty extensive. They do have a small salad bar too. 
If you have never been here you do not know what you're missing.Perfect diner experience. I grew up down the street and ate here 1-2 times a week. Just came back to see if it's still as good as I remembered from 19 years ago...IT IS. Same friendly service, cute holiday decorations, same set up and delicious cream chipped beef! I wish I still lived close by. Worth making the 1.5 hour drive once in awhile though!if you looking to go early in the morning on a weekday, make sure to have some patients when it comes to finding a parking spot. All spots are filled, always waiting for someone to come out so you can get a spot. This Diner gets the business. I drove around for 10 min. 
It seems many know each other and know the waitresses very well. 
The prices are so great you can get Breakfast under $8 and it's good food to. 
The staff is nice. Service is okay, it's just waiting for fill up for your coffee. But big reason for waiting is how busy they get. They could add few more waitresses, 
I look forward to going back for another breakfast!! Or mabe even try the dinner one time. I had the creamed chipped beef with home fries, it was average. But home fries kinda burnt. Just to well done for me. 
But would recommend trying this place.This place is a nightmare!!!! Service is horrible. If it just sucked it would be an improvement. It is so noisy you can't even hear the person sitting next to you!!!! The food is fair. There's no reason to go to this place. I wouldn't go there if the food was freeThe best Italian style pork chops that I ever had.the other foods are good also very good location and easy to find so stop in and have dinner sometime.
Thank you
Edward PThe restaurant is very clean and the food is very good and the prices very good and the worker is very hard worker and very nice.
Ed & BarbAndonios is average food at best after you get past the terrible exterior. The interior is far from impressive leaving my family extremely disappointedThis place is wonderful! Great for any meal. Good food, prices and portions! Their early bird dinners are an exceptional value. Since Covid, their salad bar is closed, and individual salads are served. They do a wonderful job to create a warm, welcoming environment. It's definitely a community diner and serves the area well by making Andonio's a "home away from home!"We did takeout on their first night re-opened. The service is following social distancing and yummy as ever! Let's support this amazing local businessFor a neighborhood diner, Andonio's is good. They give you a lot of food for a small amount of money. My crabcake dinner was $8.95 and included vegetable soup, salad bar (it's small, but the veggies were cold and tasty), two crabcakes, sweet potatoes (my choice of vegetable), and chocolate pudding with whipped cream. That's a lot of food for 9 bucks. The service is pretty good. The place is always busy, so the waitresses can't be super attentive to each table, but they are friendly. I went to the restaurant with my dad and 4 other people. My dad, who is a very picky eater, gave this place an 8.4 out of 10 in his personal restaurant rating system. His major complaint was that there are not enough big tables in the diner. (It's small for a diner, much smaller than, say, Tiffany's or Four Seasons--other NE Philly diners.) There are only 2 larger tables in Andonio's and they were both taken when we arrived, so our group was squeezed into a booth that was really for about 4 people. But if you plan to eat a casual meal with a group of 2-4 people, Andonio's is a nice local choice.Four stars - keeping in mind that this is rate as an inexpensive - home cooking diner.  Four of us had four courses each - total bill Fifty dollars.  Entrees included Chicken, Prime Rib, Grouper (2).  Chicken was o.k., Prime Rib was good, Grouper was excellent (as good as any that I have had in upscale Seafood restaurants).  Salad bar is small and could use more "clean-up."  Vegetables were not memorable.  Beef Mushroom Barley Soup was delicious.  Service was very accommodating. 
Looking for a good inexpensive meal with an atmosphere reminiscent of the mid-twentieth century family restaurant - this could be your "go-to" place.Tonight I ordered Chicken Marsala and Split Pea Soup. AWESOME! Other Rests. Are cutting portions, not Andonios. Highly Recommended.This restaurant has very good food the people that work there are very good very nice very polite and their coffee is terrific and not to say their prices are very goodThis place is a gem. It radiates comfort and nostalgia in both quality of food and atmosphere. We stumbled upon it for dinner after a walk in Lorimer Park and were shocked to see that the "early bird special" (which is anytime before 9 pm) includes an entree, side, soup, AND salad for under $10. Those prices are pretty much unheard of anywhere in this region. Service was friendly as well, we'll absolutely be back when wanting a break from the hustle and bustle of center city.Old fashion dinner done right.  If you're looking for upscale dining, complete with a menu filled with trendy ingredients  in an elegant setting, this is NOT the place for you.  If you are looking for decent food at an inexpensive cost with exceptionally pleasant service, this IS the place for you.  Four of us enjoyed full course dinners for under fifty dollars.  Beef Barley soup, Ham, Pork chops,  Chopped sirloin, and puddings were   rated very good.  Veal Piccata was a bit bland (perhaps, more lemon) but definitely worth the eleven dollar cost. 
However for me, the atmosphere was the high point of the experience.  Located in a working class section of Philadelphia, it gives new meaning to the phrase "Neighbor Restaurant."  Judging by the easy banter  between staff and diners, restaurant appears to have great local support.  The staff, including the owner, are fun and seem to enjoy their working experience.  First time here since the Pandemic.  Can't wait to go again.We went there today for lunch and it was the worst food we have eaten. First I have to start by saying that when I sat down the server spilled two glasses of water on me. Since I was traveling I was in wet clothes for most of the day. Then I place my order and didn't want soup (have restricted diet) I wanted two sides instead. Nope you have to pay for the extra side , but its ok you just dumped two glasses of water on me and didn't even comp my meal let alone 1side. Then food comes and we both thought it was the worst. No flavor and mushy, Meatloaf tasted like dried out sausage and veal had no flavor ,pasta was mushy. Since we were visiting family that was the only good thing about the meal.