We've done take-out and eat-in and been really happy both times!!  
I grew up in Elkins Park and always thought we had a plethora of good quality Chinese restaurants.  Not so much when I moved to Roxborough almost 15 years ago.  I feel like we finally got one!  Their brown garlic sauce is perfection (shrimp w broccoli), and everything else we tried was also really tasty.  Also, the restaurant got a really nice make-over on the interior, and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.  And their menu is pretty extensive, so I look forward to exploring in greater detail.  One small fyi- everything we ordered tended to be very spicy.  I love spicy, but if you don't, you may want to ask them to tone it down.We really enjoy Ping Pong and treasure its proximity to our home in Mt. Airy. We hadn't found great Chinese near us, and then arrived Ping Pong!
My husband had the spicy beef soup, and I had garlic chicken. Both dishes were flavorful and portions were generous. I'll definitely go for the spicy beef next time around! 
The service was superior to what we've experienced in town as well. Thanks, Andorra!Just ordered for the first time. Called in for pick up and they literally went on yelp to find the dish I was interested in since I couldn't find it on the menu -very accommodating! Food is very good albeit a bit pricy. It's also spicy (which I love!) We had fish with Szechuan & garlic sauce, braised beef/noodle soup and Dan Dan noodles. All was very good. The fish was REALLY tender. Good stuff, will be back.That was best decision we made on Easter to visit this restaurant. 
The food was amazing and the service was great. I can't wait to go back.Best spicy beef noodle I've ever had in US. And the waiters are very friendly as well! Highly recommend!Delicious, authentic Chinese food from some of the nicest people. This place is such a gem that part of me wants to keep the secret all for myself! For me the scallion pancakes, Dan Dan noodles and deep fried chicken with dry chili peppers are always a winner. Though I have to say, everything else there that I've had has been absolutely delicious as well!Came here after I found this place on yelp and it is definitely worth five stars. Wonton soup, egg rolls, fried dumplings, and our entrees were all superb. The people there are very friendly too. Best Chinese restaurant in the area!Great place! The outside of the restaurant makes it look like your average low quality Chinese restaurant but don't be fooled! They are a BYO and offer some great choices for dinner. We had a hard time picking but went with the dan dan noodles, really delicious & huge portion, the fried rice with pork, also really tasty with lots of egg & veggies and a very big portion and then the chicken hot pot that comes with a side of rice. The service was great, both of our servers were friendly and attentive. We'll be back!What a great find! My husband and I love Sichuan food and are very happy to have found a good one so close to our home. The food is authentic and the service is top notch. Very friendly staff. We will be coming back for sure.I couldn't resist to give them a review. This area needed authentic Chinese restaurant and Andorra is right on the spot. Amazing food. Same food quality thy I expected to get from China town. Will definitely come back soon.This restaurant is a real gem. Tucked away in the unasuming Roxborough suburbs is a Schuan(Szechwan) restaurant that can hold it's ground with any of the Chinatown spots. 
The food was authentic, delicious, and came in large portions. The prices are slightly higher then other Chinese food places, but adequate for the quality of food. While they do have the standard Chinese/American dishes, I highly recomend you order something from the Schuan inspired side. 
I can personally recomend two very classic  Szechwan dishes 
1) Mapo Tofu (Tofu with Szechwan spices and ground meet) called that on the menu, not Mapo Tofu *google it 
2) Fried chicken with chilie peppers.(think of a plate of popcorn chicken with chinese spices, peanuts, and hot peppers)
Everything we ordered was hot and fresh. 
They are the real deal and I wish them the best of luck!Hands down my new favorite local authentic Schezuhan restaurant. Everything is so good and burst with flavor and tastes amazing. Wishing the owners much success in the community! Glad to have you so close to home.I gave this place a try this weekend after seeing the yelp reviews. I grabbed a quick takeout order of Dan Dan Noodles and Eggrolls. The staff was very friendly and food was delicious! I look forward to trying more of the menu.As you ponder how delicious your food is at Andorra Ping Pong, you will shake your head in disbelief, moving it back and forth like you are watching a ping pong match. Seriously, though, this place is legit. Our neighborhood has long been bereft of Szechuan food, and Ping Pong not only brings it to the neighborhood but offers a masterful version of the it. 
I would note first that the food is not your corner restaurant Chinese fare. There are dishes meant to appeal to people look for that -- General Tso Chicken, etc. -- but overall the food is much more delicate and balanced. You won't find much food swimming in a barrel of sugar here. 
We had the wonton soup to start, which may seem mundane, but it was a stunning execution of the humble soup. The broth was dark and a little fatty, and I'm wondering if it was made from boiling beef bones. It had delicate hints of cinnamon and ginger. All around, this was the most surprising dish, as I expected the soup to be more like the wonton soup you get anywhere else. The dan dan noodles were good, but I didn't get the full experience of them, as my wife doesn't eat any spice and we had to ask for them with out the characteristic chili oil. Speaking of which, Szechuan food is known for its spice. But you shouldn't let this scare you away if you don't like spicy food. They are very accommodating and can make many of the dishes that are normally spicy without heat. I had the cumin beef, and it was delicious. 
Finally, the staff here is excellent. Everyone is so nice, from when I called to confirm that they are a BYOB (they are a BYOB) through when we were seated and waited on. The young lady who was our server was very fun and upbeat and she made the experience what it was: memorable and something we will look forward to experiencing again. 
Highly recommend.This place is awesome for lunch! Great lunch specials that are $7.95 and include a soup. Today I ordered off the regular menu and tried the Deep Fried Chicken w Dried Chili Peppers. Super delicious flavor, great spice level, the only complaint is the salt level. Super salty! But that didn't stop me from eating it because it was THAT good!
I highly recommend you give this place a shot.Disgusting! I have an open mind and an iron stomach.  I couldn't even finish the fried chicken "Chef's Special".  I asked for my check and ended up leaving three-quarters of my meal on the table. The tea was luke warm and poor as well. It wasn't just me. I overheard another table describe their meal as "tasteless".  People in NW Philly know good ethnic food of all kinds when they taste it. This place will never fly in Andorra. Look for an empty storefront this time next year.By far my favorite Chinese restaurant of all time. Such kind staff, amazing authentic Chinese food, and super fast service!When I first heard the name of this restaurant, I was certain this was just another Americanized unauthentic Chinese restaurant. Turns out I was WRONG! Yes, they do offer those kind of options if you prefer, but they also serve legit Szechuan style cooking! When I'm too lazy to drive and find parking in Chinatown, this is the next best thing. Nice, clean, and delicious!In the words of my 93-year-old dining companion, "Oh, man! This is delicious!" The opinion came from a woman who had grown tired of local Chinese eateries although she's ordinarily crazy about Oriental cuisine. We sampled food from Andorra Ping Pong for the first time today and everything was a big hit.
   Today's shrimp fried rice has flavor! It's such an improvement over what I've eaten at Chinese restaurants over the course of decades, including King's Palace which used to  be located where Ping Pong now resides. My broccoli with garlic sauce was ordered MILDLY spiced. Since Ping Pong specializes in Szechuan (super-spicy) cooking, the mild spice level had plenty of kick. The broccoli (with a smattering of assorted other vegetables) was about 50% undercooked as one would expect and it is delicious. The menu's "Delicious Eggplant Strips" was an unknown to me. Wow, they arrived looking like French fries tossed with spices and possibly shredded cabbage or onion. They are SCRUMPTIOUS and highly addictive. An appetizer of Dan Dan noodles was a first experience for me. Oh, my...  The spaghetti-sized noodles are decorated with fried or roasted bean curd and various vegetables and possibly chopped nuts. A person could easily be transported to Heaven after a plate of Dan Dan noodles! The flavor is mild, yet complex and tasty. Lastly, the accompanying sticky white rice was perfect for absorbing that luscious eye-popping ("mild") Szechuan sauce from the broccoli.
     The portions at Ping Pong are adequate enough to provide me with many more meals over the next few days. My appetite isn't equal to that of a robust young man, but Ping Pong's portions would surely satisfy him, too.
     Ping Pong is newly renovated, spotless and upbeat in decor. The owners/staff were professional and inviting. Listen up, folks. If you've been yearning for Chinese food with personality, this is the place to go. The next thing that I intend to order is a steam pot that offers the choice of protein with assorted vegetables in a rich broth. The owner/staff told me that it can be packaged for takeout.My son and I went to Ping Pong last night for dinner. The meal was very good, but the star of the night were the Dan Dan noodles. The best I've had - ever! A must try!!  In addition, the staff - from to host to wait staff - were very nice and attentive. We'll be going back again.The Sichuan style cuisine here is very delicious,I had gone to many chinese restaurants in Philadelphia, I think I can say this cuisine is authentic like what I eat in China. I like grilled fish，after finish the fish I was suggested to take the soup back to my home. Today I use this soup to do hot pot，It still has good taste.I came in having read previous reviews about the restaurant being legitimate Szechuan food, being a fan of spicy food I was excited but hadn't made up my mind on what I wanted to try until walking up to the building and seeing a picture of the Hot Pot Style Pork outside the restaurant. I ordered that and it did not disappoint. Delicious, spicy, and a very generous amount of food to boot; needless to say I've got a nice snack later if I get hungry again before bed. Awesome place, I'll definitely return.This is the place for the best Sichuan cuisine in Philly.  Amazing flavors! The produce is sourced daily. Housemade silken tofu in the stuffed tofu dish. Fish in dry pot with Chinese vegetables is aromatic, perfectly cooked fish crispy outside fluffy inside. Beef and tripe cold appetizer is one of my favorite dishes and they do a searingly hot and delicious version. Beef soup with pickled turnip greens and clear noodles has a delicious broth, hard to not order this every time. So flavorful and light. Stop reading this review and just go eat there!Had dinner here with the family recently and we were all blown away by the experience.  Very friendly and helpful staff.  Absolutely delicious (and spicy - be warned!) Sichuan cuisine.  Very traditional.  No egg foo young here.  Hope to see this place thrive.  Can't wait until our next visit.Surprisingly enough, as good or better than any Sichuan place in /near Philadelphia, for what that's worth.
I like ma po tofu.  This place and xun yu si kao are the only places I bother getting that at now. Really good.
Highly recommend.Hands down my new favorite local authentic Schezuhan restaurant. Everything is so good and burst with flavor and tastes amazing. Wishing the owners much success in the community! Glad to have you so close to home.My dad was very excited that there's a new Chinese restaurant in the Andorra Mall, right across Henry Avenue from where he lives.   He is absolutely right.  I can't speak to the issue of Schuan authenticity, but this was not the typical mush of Americanized Chinese cooking.  We began with hot and sour soup that tasted freshly made and carefully seasoned, not like pepper on top of tasteless vegetables in hot and sour soup that that seems like it's been sitting around for a week.  My dad and I moved onto salt and pepper eggplant - delicately breaded and fried eggplant strips - this wowed me, just like others said about some of the other salt and pepper dishes.  The spicy style fish fillet hot pot was also great.   Every dish was well-prepared with distinct and interesting flavors.    Looking forward to more meals at Ping Pong soon!Heard great things and we we're pleasantly affirmed! Great food. Forget Han Dynasty, and definitely forget New Ruby. Ping Pong is the new best Chinese Food place in Manayunk. Just as good as Han Dynasty but even better because they serve a menu that satisfies not only Hipsters, but working class people who crave well done Asian food. General To's shrimp, amazing. Actually fresh seafood, that was well seasoned, and not only 3 shrimp for your money. Lomein, fantastic, because, it was second thought noodles tossed for no reason. Great addition, to an otherwise Siberian take out land scape in RoxboroughOmg I'm hooked on the dandan noodles!! Yum yum great new place in Rox! Friendly kind staff and super yummy foodFantastic authentic Sichuan in Andorra!  Got the hot pot spicy chicken and dan dan noodles. Highly recommend!!!Excellent, cordial service, great menu options, and delicious entrees.We had been surprised to find the restaurant, tucked into the Andorra shopping center.
The food was WONDERFUL!. We just tried a few things, but were very pleasantly impressed.  The food was of a high standard. Certainly equal to or better than szechuan food I've had downtown.
Of particular note was the cucumber salad, which was mouth-wateringly delicious.
One negative note was the service.  We were seated between two large tables, which were heaped with the detritus of departed diners' meals -- left over food, dirty plates, etc. etc. I spoke to the person who served our food, but it was as if I hadn't said anything.  Perhaps a language problem.
I plan to go back there soon!  Maybe they'll hire a bus boy.We have been a long time customer to the original Ping Pong restaurant in Wayne PA and heard that a second one opened up led by Mr. Lee. We always enjoyed the various dishes served at the original Wayne place, and we were delighted to find that some of those same dishes were at the Andorra Ping Pong, but there were also some NEW(!!!!) dishes. 
We always liked Ping Pong because they served authentic Szechwan food instead of those Americanized Chinese food, and Mr. Lee told us that the new Andorra Ping Pong was serving Szechwan food but from a slightly different region within Szechwan (thus explaining the slight difference in the menu). 
As usual, we were stuffed, had a variety of great tasting meals, and even our finicky daughter was also full and satisfied with the traditional and new items from Andorra Ping Pong. We had whole fish, tofu dishes, spicy tendons, noodles, soup and some other dishes that were all flavorful and excellent. Thank you Mr. Lee for opening up this new place, we'll be back soon.This place is great. We've been there 6 or 7 times now. The service is friendly and prompt. Portions are excellent. The hot pots are fantastic. They'll adjust the spiciness to your taste. I end up taking half home for lunch the next day. Love the soups and the small  portion is more than enough.I was very disappointed, the staff was nice but the food had little to no taste. The chicken was very fatty. It was pretty expensive for the quality of food.I was hoping for more, but want to give it another shot. It seemed to have a menu of more authentic Chinese cuisine. Everything I ate had its high points, but nothing particularly hit every mark. The spicy beef noodle soup had great beef, decent flavor (slightly bland outside the spice), but weird noodles. Wontons in spicy sauce had good sauce, but the wontons were kind of bland on their own with minimal filling. Steamed dumplings had good dough, and an ok filling.This place is so good. I highly recommend the sesame chicken. The chicken is exponentially better than other Asian restaurants and the sauce is epic. With that being said, I think any chicken or sesame dish would be super good here. The shrimp is also incredible. And service is very cute. I'm a big fan.Authentic and superb Chinese cuisine in Andorra!  Who would have guessed.  The menu is amazingly varied, and along with the more usual Chinese menu-traditional seafood, poultry, vegetarian and meat entrees, it also includes some more exotic regional selections.  The scallion pancakes, which arrived piping hot and perfectly crisped, were the best I've ever tasted.  I would highly recommend the Fish fillet in Szechwan sauce.  Perfectly spiced, and loaded with fresh fish.  When we requested some vegetables to be added, which they easily accommodated, it was wonderful.  The service was excellent and we met Patrick the owner.  We arrived late on a Sunday night and were warmly welcomed.   Can't wait to return.This was our 3rd time visiting.  The smell when you enter is intoxicating. 
 First time was good; we were impressed; this last time not as impressed as we should have been.  The chinese greens were great; just as I expected. Pan fried dumplings didn't have enough pork in them; very little.  Again for the 2nd time, the beef with scallion tasteless; beef was rubbery. The salt and pepper baked shrimp were soggy; not like I expected (I consider myself an expert with this dish as I have eaten this dish many many times @ Lee How Fook in Chinatown and it's to die for!!!)  The beef chow fun, my friend said,was very good.  May give this one more shot. Not sure.I am very confused how and why this place has such high ratings. 
I got chicken in garlic sauce, sesame chicken, beef w/ broccoli and eggplant in garlic sauce for lunch. Their food tasted pretty decent. The quality of their meat was below average, you know the kind of meat you get at cheap Chinese takeout places that you can't tell if it's real or fake but still edible yet not so enjoyable bc you don't know what what the heck you're eating. Their beef almost tasted like fake meat. 
I guess I expected too much and was hoping this place to be the same quality as the other ping pong (r&z's) in Wayne. They're definitely not the same and I don't think I'll order from this location again. This place does have better service than the one in Wayne but the food quality is definitely not the same. 
Overall, I just think this place is way too overrated and I would much rather pay less at cheaper Chinese places for the same quality of food.We stopped for an early dinner after having a late lunch therefore not real starved.  
Everything was great.  We only ordered wonton soup, egg rolls and dan dan noodles.  All was outstanding.  Unlike every other Chineese restaurant, the egg rolls were dry, not greasy at all as well as delicious. Everything came out piping hot. 
The service was superb and everyone was so friendly.  Patrick and the others were awesome.  
We certainly will be back.Ordered at 630.. said my order would be ready at 0655. Got there and waited until 715. Asked how much longer.. they went in the back and asked and they told me they didn't start cooking yet and would be ready in 40 mins and if I just wanted to cancel. I won't be going backThe best Chinese food I have ever had. Everything has a ton of flavor. It says authentic on the menu and it definitely is. The portions are large and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. This is my new go to Chinese spot for a sit down meal.The food is good and the services are great for all, please try tofu sizzling dish and sesame chicken (the best ever) it's so yummy. Happy to have this Restaurant nearby.We had an amazing party here last night. The server Patrick is and was awesome. He really made sure everyone was enjoying themselves. We went with all schezuan dishes and everyone said they can't wait to come back. I can't recommended Ping-Pong enough. If you are unsure what to order just ask Patrick :)We so excited that Ping Pong opened pretty close to us. At first glance you may think it's pricey but the portions are enormous and not full of veggie fillers. Dumplings were good but the dough may have been a touch thick but the filling made up for it. The succulent chicken appetizer was literally half a chicken, something that four people could share. It so flavorful and very light. The pork noodle soup under noodles was was once again a huge portion but also packed with flavorful. The hot pot is a taste sensation. We saw the salt and pepper shrimp go by and it was a massive tower of shrimp and we know we would be back for it. The only negative is the timing of the food was off and there was some waiting. Will be back.This is a gem in Roxborough. So many  Chinese food restaurants do not offer the diverse menu and helpfulness that Ping Pong does.
Had a large event of 14 people and the service was excellent. 
Spicy wonton, dan dan noodles and the hot pots are some of the best choices. 
If you have never tried spicy food, now is the time to try and this is the place. Go for it....life is short.Every time I start to feel like a cold is coming on I go and order wonton soup. I must confess I am a wonton soup snob. I have been to every Chinese restaurant in the Roxborough/ Manayunk area to try their wonton soup. It really is soothing and helps relives a cold. Unfortunately, with the change of season I believe, I am coming down with something. I ordered wonton soup (of course) and picked it as takeout. Upon getting home, I noticed that the did not add the crunchy noodles!! Which is essential as far as I'm concerned and they also did not add a fortune cookie. Also, in the wonton soup there was no meat slices, vegetables or scallions which I enjoy and believes is necessary in a well done wonton soup. The texture of the noodles were nice but a little on the chewy side. The meat instead was tasty but the meat- noodle ratio was not even close. I will say the broth was very good. I will give the place another try maybe ordering different items off the menu.Amazing food! My brother is a regular in China town and he helped us order and said it was some of the best Chinese food he has had.  We had the Szechwan tofu dish which was this amazing flavorful and spicy sauce (we requested spicy and they do spicy right!) with incredibly soft, delicate tofu. We also had a deep fried chicken dish that was small pieces of chicken perfectly crunchy.  My favorite part of that dish was the peppers - small rings so crispy they were like chips but packing this amazing flavor.  Our server was friendly and helpful.  Looking forward to going back.What a great find! My husband and I love Sichuan food and are very happy to have found a good one so close to our home. The food is authentic and the service is top notch. Very friendly staff. We will be coming back for sure. Dan Dan noodles, double cooked pork, and pork with shredded peppers are some of our favorites. The whole fish chinqiong style is perfect for 2.Good quality chinese food. Ive tried a number of dishes on their menu and all were well prepared with decent quality ingredients. It's more authentic Chinese cuisine than your average philly takeout.I have visited this restaurant many times since my original review. This time, my dad and I came and got a delicious fish dish. I think it was called broiled fish in spicy sauce Chongqing style. I will miss this when I move to Japan. I guess I might just have to visit Chongqing.   P.S don't get this if a fish head would freak you out. The hot pot is always a good bet.Authentic, delicious Szechuan. "You know a Chinese place is good if you see Chinese people there." Beef soup - on point, and so was the tofu. But the true star was the pork hot pot- so flavorful! There were a lot of dimensions to this dish. Be careful, it is very spicy - and we asked for light spice.My husband, dad & I just enjoyed a delicious dinner at Ping Pong's!!  The service is excellent  & very friendly!!  Thank you Candy & Patrick!!  I recommend the DanDan noodles, salt & pepper shrimp, mongolian beef, and General Tso chicken and shrimp.  Also the spring rolls were very good, not greasy!Ping Pong is on another level. Please don't refer to this restaurant as a "Chinese" restaurant. This is authentic Szechuan done to perfection. 
My favorite dishes are the fish dishes, hot pots, hot sauce, stewed fish, and country style. 
BYOB restaurant, so bring your favorite wine or cocktail, and enjoy the night.They are so nice here and the restaurant is very clean and has relaxing atmosphere. The food is great, Really good sesame chicken and they make wonton egg drop soup( even though it's not on the menu).Moved to the Roxborough area from Pittsburgh about 6 months ago.. I was lucky to have a good selection of very good Szechuan restaurants in PGH and was hoping this place wouldn't let me down. well guess what....
I. Love. This. Place. 
My boyfriend and I have been coming here a lot. Sometimes we would get out of control.. coming 2-3 times a week. 
To be honest, I have only ordered the Regs Chinese food here once and it didn't knock my socks off... (General Tsos, Chicken w/Brocc etc) but then again I tend to prefer a little spice in my food!
They have excellent Szechuan dishes- if you like the flavors of cumin, chili oil, chili peppers and an explosion of flavor in your mouth then try the dishes off the Szechuan menu.. Some of the best dishes are under "Chef's Specials".
I would highly recommend:
1) Deep Fried Chicken with Chili peppers
2) Toothpick Lamb
3) Cumin Lamb
4) Tofu In Sichuan Spicy sauce with Minced Pork ( its Ma Pao Tofu) .. if you like soft Tofu - which I love!
5) Chicken Hot Pot Style (Fish or any meat is also excellent choices) 
The wait staff is super friendly and they will recommend or help you with any questions about the dishes. :)This is a gem in Roxborough. So many Many Chinese food restaurants do not offer the diverse menu and helpfulness that Ping Pong does.
Had a large event of 14 people and the service was superb. 
Waiter, Patrick is the absolute best. 
Spicy wonton, dan dan noodles and the hot pots are some of our favorites !Finally some authentic Chinese in the area. I was by myself, so the plan was to have leftovers, but not a crazy amount. I did the deep fried chicken and an order of water spinach. Both were fantastic. 
The chicken had that szechuan spice, but everything was absolutely edible. The peppers were so well cooked... Crispy and tangy, not overwhelming.
The water spinach was a massive portion  and was delicious with the chunks of garlic.
I had the food the next day (microwaved) and was nervous about it being really soggy, but everything was excellent. I thought I might have made a mistake not throwing it in the oven or toaster.
Definitly will get back to this place soon to have more off the menu.
Lastly, the staff are very friendly and accommodating. It is really a great spot.Great meal and excellent service.  The staff was very attentive and the food was excellent.  
Ron and Vicki KPing Pong has some of the best Szechuan food I've had. Their other Chinese offerings are fantastic as well, i.e. General's chicken. Really good lunch specials, great value. All of the dishes have an authentic taste and delicious flavor. The hot pot chicken is a must. The lo mein is sublime. The hot and sour soup is all time. They also have some adventurous items like tripe and frog, a rare find. To top it off, spectacular service. Go. You will not be disappointed.Fantastic authentic Szechuan! Cozy atmosphere and good service. We always get the Dan Dan noodles, wonton in chili oil, and the string beans.Looking for for authentic Chinese food. We found Ping Pong in the Andorra shopping center. We had the Chicken Hot and pot and Orange Chicken for entrée
To start we had Hot and sour soup and egg drop soup
The menu is large and has many very authentic ingredients dishes from the different regions of China
High quality food and moderate prices.
Patrick explained the many different styles of food which are not the typical American version of Chinese food
This has now replaced my yearnings to drive to ChinatownVery fresh and very tasty.  I am assuming very authentic... not your usual Chinese fare.Really nice place with great food well above all the chains out there! I ordered the salt and Pepper shrimp which was amazing! Also some of the best beef fried rice I ever had, and the service was great! They definitely have a strong passion for their food and Happy customers! :)Wow this is the best Chinese I have ever had.  I have ate inside once and had take out probably 8 or so times.  It is excellent.  I love the Garlic Chicken, Hot Pot Chicken, Dan Dan noodles, and the Deep Fried Chicken with Chilli Peppers.  Have not had a bad item here.  I live in Mt. Airy and can't order from anywhere else now.  It is easily worth driving a little out of my way to come here.  They do both Americanized Chinese (Orange Chicken etc.) and some more authentic dishes.  Both are very good.
On top of the food being excellent the owners and staff are all very nice and really seem to appreciate my business.  I will keep coming back.What an awesome addition to Andorra! Excellent, fresh and delicious Szechwan Chinese cuisine. Everything we had was really good. The dry pepper chicken was my favorite. The hot pot was excellent as well. Wontons in hot sauce were great too, light and definitely house made. Lots of options on the menu including normal American/Chinese stuff. We got sweet and sour chicken for the kids and it was probly the best version of that Id ever had. We ate in and the staff were super friendly and attentive. This is our new go to Chinese restaurant. And for the convenience and quality, not even worth going to Han anymore. We will be back!Really good authentic Chinese food. Whether you want the very American style dishes or the very Chinese sautéed pig kidney, you will find it here cooked beautifully. I really hope this place does well because they deserve to.This is the best Chinese food in Roxborough and arguably Philadelphia. I've been to most of the good ones wholes in the walls to nice places. The food is different than Han and I would argue better. I am so surprised this is here in Andorra. The best fried rice in the city. Also got pork shank  came with bok choy ... it was truly amazing. Broccoli with garlic sauce on point. Wonderful management. Never written a review. Felt i  should for this place. Management was wonderful and really cares about the food. So many places don't care what they put in your body. Soooo great !! Go !!!
Ok so I wanted to add that since this experience there have been some inconsistencies... but I still stand by the fact that it is delicious. Since the opening they seemed to have dumbed down the food... i am sure they got complaints, in terms of the Dan Dan noodles they started off authentic and hot with lots of oil then switched. Also depending if the chef is there the chicken with chili peppers can be inedible otherwise it is the best. Sometimes it's off with more salt and less hot and authentic. I have had more success dining where I can be more specific about my order. Still great to have and I hope it goes back to the intial opening vibeThis Is a keeper in our list. When you don't recognize most of the items on the menu, you know the food is as authentic as it can get!
Just be careful when you ask for "spicier" (unless you're a heat maniac like me) - the chef will take the request seriously!Finally - some really good Chinese food in Roxborough.  The owner is very knowledgeable about vegans.  I am able to order so many different items on this menu. A favorite in my house is the lightly fried tofu with veg - no pork.  
Pro tip - Szechuan cuisine contains alot of pork.  Dishes you would not even think have pork added to them.  Make sure to ask and they will leave it out.
The scallion pancakes are light and crispy - absolutely perfect with the house made spicy mustard.
Our new take out spot!This is legit my go to Chinese takeout spot outside of chinatown. Everything is always so delicious and pretty authentic for the suburbs! There's also plenty of parking so that's a plus! My go to is the hot pot stir fry - I can be buried in their cauliflower!Went to this restaurant for a date night with my little man and it was really good. We were seated right away, the staff was attentive, the food came out in a timely manner, and was delicious.This restaurant is my guilty pleasure, as I totally adore Szechuan cuisine. Since they've opened, they have been (still are) consistently excellent. I can say this with confidence since I dine here at least once a week. It all started with the Hot Pot (beef or  shrimp) while pregnant, it's all I craved. The DanDan noodles are fantastic, the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup is my go to when not feeling well, wontons in chili oil is an amazingly delicious quick lunch, balance out any of those spicy authentic dishes with the cold garlic cucumber! I can go on and on about how delicious the food is but what really makes it special is the customer service  and the pride that shows in every dish they serve. A true gem. Oh...and there's Plenty of parking too!Thought we would try Ping Pong since they're close by and parking is ample.  I had the shrimp hot pot and my boyfriend had sweet and sour chicken.  My shrimp hot pot was flavorful but it had too much black pepper flavor and too much cauliflower.  My boyfriend complained that his order had too many vegetables.  The food was also pricey.  I know that a lot of people order from here and love the food, but I'm going to stick with our go-to in Bala Cynwyd next time.The food is pretty good and probably better than the Ping Pong in the Gateway shopping center, they claimed that it is the same owner.  Anyway, the food  is very authentic and yummy.  Service is very very good and waiter and waitress are very friendly.I've been here a few times.  They didn't have some of my favorite dishes, lemon chicken and shrimp toast, but I was excited to try new items.  A fw items I couldn't find anywhere else.  Frogs?  Awesome!  
The deep fried chicken with chili peppers were really good.  Nice and hot, decent flavor.  I enjoyed the rice too.  We went with the house style rice, which had chicken, shrimp, pork and other items.  A decent place, but maybe not decent enough to make the drive for me.Good, though not excellent, Sichuan fare.
That said, portion sizes aren't quite as ample as one or two other places locally.
Probably still worth a visit if you're in the area and impatient for good Schezuanese food.Really love this place. So happy to have a sitchuan Chinese food restaurant in Andorra for spice and variety.  Also, very good service and a pleasant environment to dine in (at least it was pre pandemic--now we get carry out). Appetizers are very good.Salt'nPepper chicken wings were amazing, flavorful and crispy.  Not what I expected, a truly unique find in Andorra Shopping Center.