Andy's Chicken is the real deal. It honestly may be the best KFC (the original Korean Friend Chicken, not Colonel Sanders) I've ever had, Los Angeles included! Hot & Spicy is the way to go if you really like it hot.  If you're really daring, I'd go Hot & Spicy Level 2, an sauce that Andy keeps off the menu because it's too hot for the average. The sweet chill is pretty decent as well; a bit too sweet for me but the sauce is so sticky that it's almost like honey!
As for the sides, I always go with butter egg and rice. It's kind of basic but there are times when I have to embrace the fact that I'm Asian and that rice is the best median for any type of meat,  fried chicken included. I recommend calling ahead and not walking in expecting to pick it up when you walk in. Keep in mind this is a take-out restaurant so must take it home or eat it on the side walk in the cold like I did last time. So worth it!Me and the wife had their golden soy chicken the other night and absolutely loved it. It wasn't greasy at all and it had that awesome crunchy exterior you'd expect from a Korean chicken joint. The staff were very friendly and we will definitely be back to try more of their flavors. :-)Yes. Chicken here is delicious, but don't forget the fantastic rice dishes they offer!Update... So I had refrigerated the last remaining piece of chicken (large fried chicken breast) over night. Was hungry the next afternoon (Monday) noticed the left over chicken in the fridge decided to eat it. I was in a rush so I didn't bother to reheat (next day fried chicken is always still good but rarely crispy). Andy's chicken was still super crispy and just as delicious as it was fresh from the fryer.I called in the minute they opened because I was warned in advance about the long wait. I specifically asked how long the wait would be and I was told 25 minutes because there is currently no orders in. I ordered chili chicken with mac salad for $11 during HH.
FIFTY minutes later, which was DOUBLE the wait time, we got a call saying the order was ready. I swear they must've forgotten about calling us or something because we got there in 5 minutes, but the chicken was already COLD AND SOGGY! Who wants SOGGY fried chicken?! And not only that, our side order was INCORRECT. 
The people were nice and sauce was good, which is why I am not giving them 1 star, but ultimately we just paid and waited for a cold old order of something we didn't even want.Best Korean style BBQ chicken in fishtown. It takes 30-45 minutes to be ready but it never disappoints. You will lick your fingers, guaranteedWowzers this is good chicken...
Between BF and I we shared 3 half orders to try some variety. The hot and spicy was our favorite. It had amazing fresh pepper spice flavor. 
The golden soy was also really really good. Comparable to soho chicken and better than bonchon.
The original was good and a nice simple option but we found ourselves using the leftover spicy sauce at the bottom of that box for dip ;)
Incredibly friendly service and very kind owner (I assume) making our chicken fresh in front of us. Growing up in my mom's bakery this hit home the most-- I really adore the mom and pop feel of this sincere and honest hardworking neighborhood establishment. And the chicken lives up the the hype!I order the sweet chili, golden soy chicken, bulgogi and kimchi fried rice. I was so excited to try it out cuz of all the good reviews they had but when I got my order home and sat down to eat the food. The chicken was dry and not well seasoned on the inside also it wasn't crispy enough on the outside but the sauces wad really good just the chicken was not well prepared. The kimchi fried rice and bulgogi was really good.Extremely satisfied. I rarely review unless the food is either amazing or garbage. I got the sweet Chile and my wife had the golden soy chicken. Perfectly crispy outside with a thick sauce and the meat was just right, nice and juicy. Onion rings and sweet potato fries were perfect, seasoned well and not greasy. happy to have this place in the neighborhood. Additionally, the guys working there let me try the different flavors and couldn't be nicer. PERFECT, in case I didn't use that word.Three words: Sweet Thai Chili. The chicken is delicious and the staff is friendly.Wings were great but the sweet chili and honey garlic were a bit too sweet for my taste. I will definitely go back again but i have had better korean wings before in northern virginia (bonchon and chi mc). the onion rings at andy's were really fantastic... perfectly seasoned and hand breaded.Love this place but lately their sweet potato fry portions are very small, even if you order it as an extra side. Not worth the extra money. Disappointing. Are they trying to save money? Also they should start offering their food on grub hub or yelp for delivery options.Tummy yummy yummy, I love the Cajun style chicken. I would definitely recommend get the sauce on the chicken.  The make it fresh that day and the give you a good size piece of chicken.The chicken was very crispy. The Sweet Chili sauce was deliciously sweet and spicy. The employees were very friendly, and they gave me a complimentary drink with my lunch special. 
They are slightly pricey for lunch; but, what isn't in Fishtown?
Give them your business so they can get air-conditioning for their employees!Great KFC place, incredibly friendly staff! The bulgogi was great as well. Worth the trip to fish town for sureBest Korean Fried Chicken in the city and the sauces are to die for good. Crispy to the core with intensely good flavor. Will be back asap.The chicken is fried to perfection, providing crunchy and juicy texture. The sauces are all incredible, but the spicy is my fave. The Korean dishes like Bulgogi are delicious too, a little on the small side compared to most Philly servings. I only wish they also served chicken tenders bc their sauces would be perfect for dipping.The most delicious chicken! Cooked to order and served hot, this chicken has a crispy exterior but a tender, juicy inside. Very friendly staff/cooks, too! Such a little gem in Fishtown. Only downside is the parking situation in the neighborhood -- street parking only and it's tight. Will return again and again!They have the best chicken in philadelphia.
With special sauce, chicken and onion rings are best of the best. Fresh, special :).
Also all employees were very nice and helpful. I loved it.Sorry, an hour and a half is too long to wait for 6 pieces of fried chicken especially for a pick up only establishment. 
The cole slaw is the inedible, wholesaler-brand you scoop out of a 5 gallon bucket. Gross. 
The chicken was as good as gas station fried chicken in the south. 
Andy -  I want you to succeed and you've gotten some great reviews. Please consider getting another deep fryer. Two is not enough. And please upgrade the sides. The thin wax paper bag my sweet potato fries came in burst open from the grease and wound up on my kitchen floorThe chicken is incredibly tender, yet just the right amount of crispy on the outside. I think the golden soy is the best. If you're not in the mood for chicken, the rice dishes are also awesome.  The staff is very friendly and kind. Overall amazing place!Have had Andy's a few times, each time it's amazing. The chicken has the crispiest skin but the meat is so juicy and tender. I would drink glasses of his sauce because it's so delicious. Best sweet potato fries I've had. Eat here immediately. Try to order ahead about an hour before you plan on eating because it's a small operation and sometimes they get busy.Call ahead and place your order before they sell out for the day.  We tried ordering on a Friday around 7 and boom sold out.  The next day we called around noon for the happy hour special and our order was ready in about 45 minutes.  The wait is no big deal if you plan accordingly.  Happy hour is daily from 12 to 3 and costs $8.50 for a wing, thing, breast, and leg.  I'd call that a steal.  I was quite full from the 4 pieces and didn't even order sides.  We got an order of the original and sweet chili.  The skin was very crispy.  The meat was fresh and juicy.  The sweet chili is a must order flavor.I really appreciate good fried chicken and this place is hands down the best I have had in Philadelphia.  The chicken is super crispy and moist and all of the sauces I have tried are really good.  Just make sure to call ahead and order, otherwise you might find yourself trying to kill 30 minutes while they make your chicken (which I had to do the first time I went).  They have also started delivering via Caviar, which is just down right dangerous.I love it!!! The sweet chili has been my favorite so far, fun and delicious treats to bring to friendly gatherings or parties. The staff are so nice and it always smells so delicious inside. I am hooked and it seems that I am here weekly. I do wish that they had chicken wings on the menu so it could be a great treat for game days, tailgating, etc. Keep up the great job!good korean style wings but no where the wings at dolsot in cherry hill. They use too much batter on the chicken. Flavor is medicore. place is very small and you can only order for take out. Call I'm advance because the wings and some menu items could be sold out. Staff is very friendly.No frills take out place with "one table and two chairs" outside. The chicken comes with seven different sauces and they are willing to let you try before buying.  For the price ($12 for a combo with rice) I felt I could have gotten better. The chicken was good but not $12 good. Everyone enjoyed the meal and if I'm around I'd certainly stop in again but wouldn't take an Uber over specifically for this reason.I called Andy's for a pick-up (they were not doing delivery on Sunday night), and got a friendly employee who took my order.  However, 1 hour later when I picked up my food and  brought it home, I realized I was missing all of the sauces that I ordered, a side dish, AND the food was lukewarm at best.  Extremely disappointing.  I order large portions of food for meetings a lot and will not be calling Andy's again.The best chicken on the planet we tried a few of their sauces and they are very good but the Sweet Chilli is GREAT it's joy & mouthwatering all at once. The only thing that we didn't like is that WE ARE HOOKED and we can't stop coming back for more. The chicken is brought in daily & you can tell it's very fresh. The spicy pork dish is to die for. Andy & his crew are the nicest people you will ever meet which makes great food even  taste the best.Crispiest chicken in the game, even covered in sauce and day old, still addictively crunchy. The wait, when there even is one, totally worth it!Ordered honey garlic, sweet chili, and original. All cooked extra crispy to perfection! Best fried chicken I've ever had.So  clucking good. I am staying in the neighborhood for the weekend and noticed this eatery. I am so happy I did and would recommend it to anyone. The chicken was amazing, moist, tender, and the skin was perfectly crunchy and flavorful. It was nice that they sides and friendly and attentive service. No seats in the restaurant, so this place is fabulous for carry out.Just left andy's, they are doing a free sample today 2 pieces of chicken with the sauce of your choice. it was totally amaze-balls, SO CRISPY!!! makes federal doughnuts look like amateur hour. GO THERE NOW!!! or wait till monday when they officially openReviews cannot be trusted as owner skews results buy giving discounts to those who post positive reviews. 
The chicken is satisfactory. Extremely greasy and overpriced, but edible. I was mostly turned off by the owners unsavory business tactics.
This is a take-out place.Totally exceeded my expectations.  Ordered four half chickens (Sweet Chili, Hot & Spicy, Original, and Honey Garlic) to share among five adults and two kids.  Also ordered onion rings and sweet potato fries.  Ordered and picked up 30 minutes later.  Everything was really delicious, but the Hot & Spicy chicken was my favorite.  I can't wait to get it again.  So much for my healthy diet!Not as crunchy as traditional Korean chicken  , but the meat was moist and cooked to perfection .  The seasoning for my hot and spicy chicken had a great balance , a hint of sweet but still spicy enough to keep on  eating . Differently one of the Top  fried chicken joint in Philly!Ordered takeout on a Saturday during the fall. Too a while but they do make to order. The food was just average and on the bland side. You can not compare their chicken to Bon Chon or Soho. It's not on their level. The kimchi friend rice had almost no flavor. The chicken was not as plump and juicy as the competetion. I think its just a one and done place. At least I tried it out.Super fresh chicken! The owner Andy butchers his own chicken every morning... this is definitely not your typical fried chicken store. Which is exactly why you taste the quality of fresh meat verses packaged frozen chicken from other places. Super friendly staff, one of the best I've been to. I won't compare this place to Soho/Bonchon though because it serves a different style of eating/has different sauce flavors (gives the whole chicken such as wing, leg, thigh, and breast in an order rather than just wings or legs at Bonchon/Soho). 
Flavor of chicken to try:
-Honey Garlic (my favorite one, very flavorful and balanced in my opinion)
-Sweet Chili (Good, but moreso sweet than the chili taste. super messy to eat)
-Original (there is no flavor on this, just fried chicken- will not get again)
-Old Fashion (meaning no skin on the chicken, but is fried. No thanks. But great for those who want a healthier alternative)
-Golden Soy (pretty good) 
Want to come back to try Cajun, Hot and Spicy though
SIdes: 
-Sweet potato fries/onion rings (good, but nothing special. Good deal to do the combo offer if you want a little something extra with the fried chicken) 
Tips: 
-Order in ADVANCE.
I ordered at 2:30PM for a group of 10 people for pick-up at 7PM. SO glad I did! When I came to pick up the chicken, people walking in behind me were told there was an HOUR AND A HALF WAIT. Save yourself from this tragedy... or the fact that they sell out fast, especially dinner time. 
-Take Out OnlyThe staff was great !!! The food was even better, I had the Cajun chicken and onion rings .. The chicken was crispy and juicy and the onion rings were great !!! It was so good I wanted too lick the box when I was done !!! Only issue was I had to wait 45 minutes so next time I will call ahead ..Definitely a solid addition to the neighborhood. If you are giving Andy's 1 star for being sold out of chicken then you should probably do the same for Pizzeria Beddia down the street, it's ridiculous that people want to give Andy's 1 star for being successful. The chicken here is fantastic, the crunch is awesome and the chicken is still very juicy. We did a couple of half chickens and the bulgogi and sweet potato fries. Everything was awesome and I so full by the end. I guess one thing to note about Andy's is that it's just a pick up counter place, there aren't any tables or chairs so just know that going in. We went in on a Wednesday afternoon around 3 pm and they were quite busy and it was about a 30 minute wait for food to take-out so just keep that in mind. I am really glad that Fishtown has its own Korean fried chicken outpost now and that it's really good! Looking forward to going back to Andy's soon.I didn't know how busy the place was. I was driving by on my way home one night and thought I'd 'run in' and grab dinner. When they told me it was  an hour plus wait I couldn't understand. Admittedly I was a little pissy, it's just fried chix. I order for pick up one night. Way better than I expected or could explain. The person that took the order put my order through as two combo meals. I would have paid more for the same order if he didn't. I respect when a place looks out for you like that. It was only a dollar something difference, but I wouldn't have know and would have happily paid it. Aside from wishing I could get it sooner when I'm hungry and don't plan ahead, I love what this placeDear Andy's Chicken, I can't eat chicken anywhere else now. Why have you done this to me? Why? I will continue come and eat your delicious cuisine with carnivorous zeal. BBQ, Garlic, Cajun... Man, it's all so good! Now please start delivering!This is the best fried chicken I've had in Philly by a long shot. Federal Donuts and the rest are going to have to up their game.The chicken was pretty good but it's a lil over priced. There no seating which kind of sucks, so we couldn't really eat it there. The chicken probably would've been better if we were able to sit down and enjoy it when it's fresh out the fryer.I was at Andy's chicken the first week it was open.   I knew my diet was shot!   This is one of the best fried chicken places I have ever been to. The chicken is always crispy and top quality.  The people behind the counter are always kind and helpful and offer a smile when you walk by even if you aren't going in which I love and appreciate!   If you ever get the pleasure of meeting Andy himself, you are in for a treat.  Kind, friendly and always quick with a compliment!  I highly recommend!!!Finally got a chance to check this place out after hearing so much about it. Living in jersey I am exposed to a ton of fried chicken joints and when I heard about Andy's I had to give it a shot. Upon arrival we walked in and ordered our food. Very hole in the wall type place. Me and my friend ordered the sweet chili and it was advertised as a happy hour. 4 pieces and a side for 10.99. With the drink it came out to about 14 dollars after tax. I went with the sweet potato fries as a side and my friend went with the butter egg rice. After ordering he told us  it would be 20 minutes so me and my friend strolled around the block until it was ready. 
After we returned he handed us the food and we walked to a foreclosed house right up the street and ate our chicken on the stoop. Like a real Philadelphian should. Haha but anyway about the chicken, it was absolutely cooked to perfection. The sweet chili sauce was incredible and very savory and thick. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The breading was one of a kind. I gotta say out of all the pieces the thigh was the best part and the sweet potato fries were excellent. Not too bland and had plenty of salt and seasoning to compliment them. My friend wasn't the biggest fan of the butter egg rice but I mean what more can you ask for with rice that has an egg slapped on top of it. My only complaint about this trip was the man didn't give me more napkins. It was very tough eating that chicken on the stoop with 3 napkins because the sauce was very sticky haha. Had to use those napkins very strategically. But all in all this was so delicious and I will definitely be returning.Me and my roomie heard of this place through a few friends in the neighborhood.  We drove across town today to try it.  We ordered the Hot and Spicy chicken which was amazing!! it wasn't too sweet and was definitely spicy...lots of black pepper to help give it some kick!
The chicken was super crispy and still very succulent.  Hands down, superior to, (dare I say...) Federal, which is usually on the dry side.
Onion rings were also nice and crispy, not soggy and greasy...the macaroni salad was a bit disappointing, too much sugar and overall underwhelming.
Next time, I will call ahead to avoid the 20min wait time.  (However, it is very good and still worth the wait!)Andy's kitchen staff was a bit offputting when I ordered. They dismissively said I'd have to wait 25 minutes for my chicken. The wait I'm fine with. I understand good fried chicken, especially Korean style, takes time. I'd prefer a more warm personal experience. As always, this does not affect my rating.
I ordered the sweet chili half chicken basket for $9.50. As far as half-chicken restaurant meals go, this is not terrible pricing. A Peruvian a la brasa joint would likely charge a similar price for a half chicken. 
The first thing one notices about this dish is the sticky, gooey, sweet chili sauce. It's a solid flavor punch. Notes of dried chili, sugar, and garlic. 
The crust of the chicken is very crunchy with more corn flavor than USA-style fried chicken. The bite on this skin is quick, crisp, and not too strong. I've had Korean chicken that uses too much batter. This does not.
The meat on the dark meat (thigh,wing, and drum) was tender, moist, and well seasoned. These were the standouts. The chicken breast had the right skin, but it didn't excel beyond the nature of the white meat. The bite was too tough. Though there was no chalky stick to the protein, it was definitely drier and gave significantly more bite resistance than the other pieces. Perhaps a longer, more intense brining, lower internal temp, and baking soda bath to soothe the protein a bit.
Overall, this was a pleasant eating experience. The food was good. For a dollar less I can go to Giant and get twice as much chicken that's probably 75% as good. Andy's would therefore not be a meal that makes my regular "go-to" list for deals. However, I would certainly come back and pay every once in a while for that last 25% of Korean crafted goodness.Andy's Chicken is hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had in my entire life. Went with the Sweet Chili for my first experience. The skin was crisped to perfection, the sauce was beyond flavorful, and the chicken was unbelievably moist. I was blown away by how incredible each bite was. Literally couldn't stop eating it. Also ordered a side of onion rings, and they too were amazing. Do yourself a favor and experience the wonders of Andy's Chicken. You'll never be the same again.Maybe it was all the excitement around this place when it opened, but I was underwhelmed. The chicken was good. I've had better. It's a little pricey for what it is. Maybe because my husband grills an amazing chicken, so I am underwhelmed by this fried chicken. It's definitely a good addition to the neighborhood especially in that space (my husband and I were convinced that the "pizza shop" there before was a drug front). I don't see us ordering from there again. I would recommend getting them naked and getting sauce with it instead of ordering sauced versions.It's good, folks.  Half a chicken was just enough for me, but too much for my girlfriend.  I wish they had delivery.Read the reviews, so I tried it out.  Went in close to closing and the staff was very welcoming and nice. I ordered the sweet chili chichen. It was delicious in every bite! The was just the right time and the food was nice, hot and crispy. The chicken was juicy and packed with flavor. I will definitely be back to try other flavors and those onion rings.Move over federal donuts! A new star has been born.  This was a 5 star experience from the phone call.  Conservative wait time was given on the food and it was ready ahead of time.  Props to promising a later completion with an earlier turn around, you can never disappoint that way.  I received a call when it was ready which almost never happens with pickup.   I was in the door and my food was still hot even after me being late for 10 minutes. The service was friendly and expeditious.  I arrived home and the food was still hot 5 minutes later.  It was really delicious and the side offerings were traditional Korean staples that matched very well.  The price tag is ambitious and competitive at the time of this review.  Hopefully it can stay that way so we can continue to enjoy and the business can survive.
Thanks and I'll be back
ChrisAndys chicken is the most amazing chicken I have ever consumed. I order it multiple times a week. I have never been addicted to drugs and I think this is the closest i will ever come to that feeling. Highly recommend the Cajun styleI had Korean fried chicken once and it was fabulous.  So the bae and I decided to go to Andy's for lunch just two days after it had opened.  We placed our order and was told it would be 20 minutes,  ONE HOUR LATER.... our chicken was ready.  Now lets remember this place is brand new and the woman working the register was very apologetic and offered to throw in some sides since we had to wait 3X as long as we should have.  So I forgive them for this and hope that in the future they will get the timing down to a science.
As far as the chicken goes, it was delish!   We got a half order of the sweet and sour and a half order of the cajun.  I thoroughly enjoyed both.  Bae is a fuss monster and he was not a huge fan of the cajun as he said it was not what he expected.  It was delish, dont listen to him.  It was enough to have leftovers too!  
Bottom line:  Go when you have a lot of time to kill or call it in an hour before you want to eat it because it is very delicious fried chicken and I will be back for some more in the future.Amazing!! I managed to time it perfectly between the lunch and dinner rush so I got in and out quick. Crispy skin, juicy fresh meat, absolutely fantastic! I loved the flavor of the sweet chili! I hope to be back soon!Yo, this place is swag. Best chicken I've had in town! Friendly people, they seem like they care a lot about chicken, and daddy likey chicken!! 
I had the honey garlic.... That skin was crispy, that chicken was pimpin. I had a great time. They give you a free bottle of water, which was dope cause I was real parched. I got coleslaw, pretty standard. Next time I'm going to get the sweet potato fries cause I hear those are swaggin out of control!
Will go back, fo suuuure. ANDY IS MY BOI !!The honey garlic  chicken was amazing. Andy has the best onion rings ever and its worth the 25 minute wait .This place blows Federal Donuts and most other fried chicken places in Philly out of the water.  I just wish it was closer.  It was quite a walk from my place in Northern Liberties.  And since there isn't anywhere really to sit, I ended up lyfting it back home just so that I could enjoy the chicken while fresh.  It was delicious, as well as the sweet potato fries.  Next time, I will probably order delivery.While it can take a while to prepare and they don't deliver, this is definitely better Korean fried chicken than Cafe Soho. It's also better than Federal Donuts. It's not much of a spontaneous meal because of the wait- but if you plan it out, ordering before you're hungry, you will be very very satisfied.I'm obsessed with Andy's. some must haves are the onion rings and the Hot & Spicy sauce. Chicken is awesome too!I got the beef Bulgogi and it is very flavorful and tasty. I should've asked for some hot sauce.
Staff is very friendly and the place looked clean. 
The only suggestion I have is to serve in a wider container because by the time I got to the bottom of the deep cup, only plain rice was left.As a Korean American from Chicago, I know good Korean fried chicken when I taste it. Andy's Chicken satisfies my craving in every way. I ordered the Honey Garlic and my friend ordered the Spicy Chili. The honey garlic was sweet and savory; the garlic was strong but not too overpowering. The spicy chili prominently shows off heavy notes of gochujang, the perfect balance of sweet and spicy. The chicken itself was so crunchy and tender. The workers have the fried chicken on a wire rack, but double fry the chicken at the store so that each chicken piece is hot and fresh. I've had good Korean fried chicken, but Andy's is the best I've had. There's no room to sit, and the wait is 20-30 min long, but if you like fried chicken (who doesn't?) stop by Andy's!Andy's Chicken had sold out of chicken the first time we went. We got there about 30 minutes before closing on a Saturday night. The second time we arrived at about 2:45 in the afternoon. Plenty of chicken. I ordered the sweet chili fried chicken and a side of buttered rice and egg. My wife ordered the golden soy fried chicken and sweet potato fries. While the skin on the sweet chili was tasty and crisp, the meat on the larger pieces was undercooked. Fried chicken meat shouldn't be chewy and blood tinged. My wife reported the same about her chicken.  The sides were serviceable. Nothing special. I suppose we could return and  ask for the chicken to be cooked well-done. But, I'm fairly certain that we won't be going back.Best fried chicken I've ever had, hands down. Spicy hot chicken was unreal. Folks here are friendly cool peeps!Order the spicy chicken it was awesome, the bulgogi was great as well definitely will be back. Be sure to order ahead of time and pick upRealized I should've provided an update since my first one. I understand they had just opened at the time. Their chicken is excellent and their bulgogi even more so! This is now a go to place for my hubby and I. Enjoy! :)So I love fried chicken but you know what I love more than that? My thoughts and opinions being heard bc I am patronizing YOUR organization. So I have a group a friends who kept telling me to check out this chicken jawn (yes, I'm from Philly) in fish town. Cool I get there and apparently you can only order a whole, half or quarter chicken. I immediately am turned off as I only ate WINGS and breasts. But I go ahead and order bc we came ALL THE WAY to fish town (from Rox)  for this damn chicken that folks kept ranting about. So the second strike was there isn't really anywhere to sit and eat inside the establishment. For the folks that live in that particular neighborhood it's no problem, but I just told y'all I came all the way over here from Rox & I was hungry. Fine.  Cool, they ring us up and proceed to say "follow us on IG, twitter and fbk &I leave feedback" (I smile and think - you don't know who I am, I will definitely be leaving feedback, check out my other reviews #MrProTip). So I tell them in real time, y'all should definitely have an option just order wings (bc in Philly that's how you make your money and satisfy your target audience... SELL WINGS!!! And the chick kinda rolled her eyes and mumbled something about nah, this is how it is. And I said, understood but since your not from here, I'm giving you a Pro Tip on how to (again) better serve your patrons. The guy hands me a grease soaked brown paper bag with an order of onion rings and say sorry that's just not what we do. Cool then two weeks later on instagram i see "Wing day" advertisements -Y'all owe me a check! Lol. So we get home and the chicken was phenomenal. Onion rings a lil on the greasy side (but it was cheat day) so it was cool. But another Pro Tip: don't ask for feedback then get mad when we give feedback and then steal the ideas that you scoffed at in person. I'd come back (on wing day) IF I was in the area. Wouldn't make the trip on Gp. #MrProTipThe best fried chicken ever - totally hooked. Golden soy is my go-to. get a whole chicken for two people.The fried chicken is tits!!! I had the sweet chili and it was so good. I like federal chicken, but this might be better. The option to have sides definitely makes it better when I want more than donuts. The pork and kim chee fried rice was even more amazing and I couldn't stop eating it. I had andy's 3 days ago and plan on having more delivered today. Happy belated bday to me!!!!Long waits, but the chicken is very good. The first time we tried this place, they took our order, we waited over an hour and then they called and said they had a problem in the kitchen and couldn't fill our order.  Turns out they just oversold and I guess didn't take this into account when accepting orders.  The owner was very apologetic and gave us a discount on our next order.We went to Andy's Chicken based on the rave review that I had read in the Philadelphia Inquirer. Although I did not expect it to live up to the review, boy was I pleasantly surprised! We tried 4 different sauces with the chicken and all were delicious, with my personal favorite being the sweet chili. We also tried Kimchi  for the first time and enjoyed it, as well. After an enjoyable conversation with Andy, I understood why the food was so tasty. With a sparkle in his eyes, he told me how much he enjoyed cooking and how important it was to him for people to enjoy the eating experience he provided. If you want to experience some of the best fried chicken you will ever eat, Andy's Chicken is the place to go!Chicken is always fresh and delicious. You can watch them make it if you choose to wait. The original is probably my go to next to the sweet chili. The staff is always courteous and can answer all your questions. Highly recommend.Good chicken.  I love me some fried chicken.  This chicken was moist and juicy.. Its rare that the white meat is as good as the dark meat, but alas, that was the case.  A little expensive and the wait is long... but i love that its MTO. I shall be back to try again.Really good chicken.  Had the sweet chili with a side of onion rings.  Both were tasty.  Called and ordered ahead.  They said about 25 minutes and they'd call my phone when it was ready.  They called in about 20 minutes.  Gonna try the other sauce options next.Andy's Chicken is great addition to the Fishtown/Kensington Neighborhood.  I've gone there twice and haven't been disappointed. The wait time is pretty quick for Korean Fried Chicken and the portions are huge.The best fried chicken in Philadelphia! Like, like, like!!! Just got there and try it! P.S. Mussel soup was flavorful and good!My favorite fried chicken. Honey garlic for the win! Wasn't too keen on any of the sides, but I had to remind myself why I came there in the first place! The staff and owner are very friendly. I want to try other items on the menu but I am just too hooked on that chicken.I recently just came back from South Korea and had Korean fried chicken withdrawal. Cafe Soho is always good, Bonchon is a joke, Fed Donuts is a joke, Andy's was absolutely perfect. This place is the real deal. Love that you can get full and half chicken too -- not just wings or legs. 
This is my new go-to spot now.The experience starts before you walk in the door cause you can smell the delicious chicken as soon as you approach the corner. Without fail whenever you walk in all the employees greet you. The fried chicken is the star, and the bulgogi is another favorite of mine. All the different sauces for the chicken are good, honey garlic is our go to. And on your way home to enjoy your feast, all of the staff says bye. Great food and friendly service. This place is a must visit when in Fishtown.Yes! Andy's Chicken!
Absolutely best fried chicken in Philadelphia!
I'm usually big fan of fishtown join but  finally I had a chance to stop by in south st location and NOT  disappointed! 
First of all we don't have to talk about chicken! (Because it is BEST) sweet chili and honeygarlic !!
Service was very friendly! 
And I definitely will coming back!Really good place for Korean fried chicken.  We called ahead so everything was ready when we arrived.  Small place with 2 picnic tables.  The highlight is the chicken.  Really crispy skin.  Flavors were excellent.  I had the sweet chili.  The side dishes were just so so.  Good for takeout.By far the best fried chicken I've had.  The outside is super crispy without being greasy, and the inside is perfectly moist.  I ordered the sweet chili flavored chicken and it was a treat.  And they give you extra sauce if you need to indulge your senses even more.  I've my eye on the Cajun fried chicken for my next visit. You do wait a few minutes for them to process/cook your order.  But it's fresh and hot when you get it and totally worth it.  I'm so glad my husband introduced me to Andy's ChickenBeen in search for a new chicken spot for some time now and I have to say that I found it in Andy's. Started with some amazing onion rings (way better than the junk you usually get). Then came the actual chicken, they're not kidding when they say it's fresh. It's so good and only issue I had was trying to figure out which sauce I liked most. Went with sweet chili! Can't wait to come back.Awesome fried chicken! Skin is super crispy but not too heavy. We tried the original with a side dipping sauce and also their sweet chili. Both delicious! I did wait about 10 min for it but that's bc they cook to order so it's fresh and hot!I rarely give 5 stars but this chicken was good not usual Korean fried chicken as it was not super crispy because of the sauce but it was crispy enough. The breasts were cooked to juicy tender perfection. Jesus thank you it's been a very long time since I've had chicken that is not homemade that has the fill in the blank like it was fried in a cast iron skillet! I even took some home warmed it up in the microwave the next day and it was still good, good enough that there was nothing left but bare bone  oh and let us not forget the super crIspy and delicious onion rings. I don't even like onion rings but they were fried very light in tempura like batter and I kept eating them.
Andy on South St glad it's down there much easier to access.They have some damn good chicken here... great quality too, you can taste the freshness. The honey garlic is amazing... My diet is ruined, cuz I go here about 3 times a week... can't help it.The chicken and service are amazing! I love korean fried chicken and this convenient location is great for when I need a quick fix for a pretty reasonable price.We have been searching for a good wing spot in the city for a while and finally found it!! This place was incredible! We got the cajun and hot and spicy level 2 and sort of got our butts kicked but in the best way possible. Chicken was quality and breading was thin and crispy. Will be back for sure!Opened three days ago and was excited to try it. Fantastic chicken - it's a good price for half chicken/combo and it is great quality and the flavors are bomb. They are already selling out early every day.After this place recently opened near my house, I decided to give it a try!
The inside of the restaurant is small and has two picnic tables. I went right at opening at 4pm and it was already very busy. I ordered a half order of sweet chili fried chicken and it took 45 minutes to get my order. It seemed many people were calling in and I think this is definitely the way to go with how long the wait was!
The chicken itself was amazing. It was crispy on the inside and soft and juicy on the inside. The sweet chili sauce was sweet with a little bit of spice. It was great. The half order came with a thigh, a breast, a wing and a leg. 
Overall, this place was yummy but took an excessive amount of time!This is some of the best Korean fried chicken that I've had. The batter is so light and crunchy; chicken itself is so tender, juicy, and flavorful. The half chicken is so filling. Wish there were more sauce options, but what they have so far is delicious (I really enjoyed the cajun).
The interior is very small. There are 2 picnic tables that you can dine at. Wish they had bigger, thicker napkins instead of the cheap flimsy ones. In addition, wish the dine-in option had trays instead of just the boxes.Not. That.  Good. I was really hoping it would be better. Not one star. More like a 3 but gotta bring that 4.5 rating down.  Hopefully whatever restaurant they put in there in 2018 will be better.  That's a tough spot though.Fried chicken to die for. It's soooooooo good. Wish I lived near here because I'd be going every week. I'm hooked!So good. This place hits the spot every time. Chicken is always freshly prepared, and the flavors are *two thumbs up*. The best way to eat Andy's is to sit in the store at one of the picnic tables while your order is pipping hot. Crunchy, delicious, happiness.Great addition to the neighborhood. Love the diversity of flavors. Was highly anticipating their opening for quite some time. Made me hopeful about Korean style chi-mek coming to South street. Have ordered from here 4 times and...each time the breast is insanely dry. Sucks-away-all-your-saliva dry. Overcooked chicken is wrong. Also, no beer license and kind of a small interior to eat in. This place is mostly a take out spot. Andy, if you are listening, please fix the dry chicken. On a happier note, the sauces are on point.We ordered the original and sweet chili chicken with rice, fries and onion rings. Chicken was juicy but the flavor was just okay. The fries and rice were mediocre. Service was quick and easy.Get some chicken with the onion rings, do it now you won't be disappointed! The Sweet Chili sauce is amazing, but they have a bunch a flavors to fit any palate. This location just opened, so they are still optimizing everything, but the chicken is delicious.I like the down south small kitchen look of Andy's place.  You are able to see all the way to the back of the kitchen and the picnic tables make you feel you're in some small town in the South.  I have too add, and I no nothing about the art Feng Shei, except that it is used to harmonize everyone with their surroundings like Wind is to water.  I felt comfortable, even though it was small for a guy my size.
I ordered a Cajun half chicken Korean Style.  Not spicy hot, but spicy enough for me.  Almost a bar-b-cue, but not so much it took away from the fried chicken texture.  There were courteous as well.  I hope to go back and if I worked in the area I might frequent Andy's Chicken at least three times a month.The chicken was great, and super spicy! And I was starving. The staff seemed very unhappy that day, but I was treated well enough and the chicken was moist and crispy and all that you might want for fried chicken.Had chicken found it good, not great ..
Would probably go back again if in area.
In all fairness i think its best to give a place a couple tries unless it was exceedingly bad..One of the (not-so-new) additions to South Street is a hit. They make excellent fried chicken (especially their sweet chili). The batter is light, crispy, and the chicken is filling. It comes with a side of fries, which is perfectly seasoned. It was so good that I was craving it several weeks after I first went (and I don't usually crave it). If today's going to be a cheat day, make it an Andy's chicken day.All of the sauces are a bit sweet for my taste . I finally ordered the spicy level two and honey garlic . I had to doctor my chicken up with seasonings I had at home . The chicken was crispy at least . Customer service was also okay .But the pieces were tiny especially at $10 just for a half of chicken . I won't be back  hate to say it .Meh. Andy's chicken was ok. Overall, I was underwhelmed. 
I ordered the half chicken with Cajun sauce and pasta salad. We also tried the fries and Cole slaw. I was really unimpressed with the sides. Theyacked any Korean flavor and were really bland. They didn't have kimchi as a side option.
The chicken was pretty good. They warned me away from the hot sauce, which I regret because the Cajun seasoning was not that spicy. The chicken had already been cooked once. When we arrived, there was a huge sheet of fried chicken. They quick fried the chicken again and then sauced it.
There are two picnic tables inside that they really should change out for small two seater tables. There wasn't enough room for everyone to sit.Amazing experience, staff was super friendly and this is now unquestionably my favorite fried chicken place in Philly! Chicken is super moist & juicy with perfectly crunchy skin, and I would literally bathe in the sweet chili sauce if it were socially acceptable to walk around dripping sauce everywhere. A must try!Today for my lunch devours I finally decided to slide ‍ to Andy's chicken Korean style fried chicken (@andys_chicken )to finally find out what was all the hype about; and come to find out the chicken is really hyped up to what the city of Philadelphia says it to be. They only use fresh quality chicken and it's not frozen to enhance the flavor and quality of every bite.They offer a variety of fried chicken marinade it in the least and their secret house sauces. Today I tried the honey garlic chicken half. When i say "half", it means that my order came with One leg, one wing, one thigh, and one breast. I also ordered a side of their steak fries, which were really good. Their menu also offers a Rice Menu that has a wide variety of different things, such as spicy pork with white rice, kimchi and pork fried rice, mussel soup that comes with noodles, and Oden soup. They also have a chicken happy hour which I think is pretty dope. They have two locations so if you ever find yourself in fishtown or in the graduate hospital section of Philadelphia stop bye and live the hype!  #chicken #rice #chickenlegs #chickenwings #chickenthighs #chickenbreast #philly #philadelphia #fishtown #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodporn #foodstagram #foodgasmFriends weren't lying when they insisted I try Andy's!!! I don't eat fried chicken all the time, but when I get the craving I need it right away and it better be GOOD. The flavors are all amazing. I have yet to try one I don't like, and it's just really good chicken! My friend recently ordered a bunch of flavors so we could eat to our hearts content. Definitely too much chicken, but hey, when you want it you want it!! Customer service is also EXCEPTIONAL (huge for me), and because of that I have become a loyal customer. Andy's can do no wrong :)So glad this opened in my neighborhood (South St near 22nd). Awesome Korean fried chicken and sides. The chicken is very delicious and you get a choice of chicken coated in sauces or get standard fried with sauce on the  side. I always prefer my fried chicken unadulterated and sauces as an option.  
I can't indulge too often of course but definitely it's my go to spot when the craving arises. Would be perfect if they delivered!Ordered from here a few times in the search of Phillys best chicken. The half chicken order comes with a couple of different pieces of chicken with bones and all. I ordered every time the sweet and spicy level 2. Tried their Cajun and other sauces on side. The level 2 is their max and provides good heat while still being edible. The chicken crispy isn't like other Korean style double fried chicken but still very tasty. Probably my favorite in Philly that I've tried so far.The chicken was moist and very flavorful. The wait was a bit long, but it was worth it. I wish I would have read the reviews on Yelp before ordering because I would have ordered the onion rings... looking at the reviews, it seems like they're a favorite for many people. I had to fried komachi rice, which was pretty good and the chili and garlic wings (1/2 and 1/2). The restaurant was clean and the guy who took my order was polite and friendly. There are two long benches inside the restaurant for those who choose to dine in. I would definitely recommend and come back.The fried chicken here is so on point. The batter and fry on this chicken is near perfect. I have been to this location over 10 times and the chicken is consistently great. This is mostly a takeout place; there are only two picnic style tables and benches. An order usually takes 20-25 minutes. The chicken is cooked to order, which is awesome. A whole chicken feeds about three and costs about $22.00. The fries are fresh-cut and delicious. The bulgogi is super delicious. The rice is cooked to perfection. The beef is tender and the flavor is super tasty. 
My only criticism is that the hot and spicy is not spicy at all. I am not sure if there are heat levels but I was never told there are or asked which level I wanted. Other than that, the place is so good. Delivery is available through GrubHub. So glad Andy's came to Graduate Hospital.Probably sticking to Bonchon. This place is closer to where I live, but the chicken doesn't really taste double fried, and also pricier. The plus is that they have more flavors, but then no radish :(
The restaurant itself is really tiny, there's like two benches. This is more of a takeout spot, especially in the winter where the cold ass air cuts through your soul as soon as the next person walks in.Good chicken and fried onion rings.  Clean restaurant and friendly service staff.  Try them out!Boyfriend ordered for us and got two combos with the onion rings. Lets first start with the fact the combo usually mean that you're saving money, but we paid almost 30 for onion rings that were falling apart and that were really oily with half a chicken each. They were overly salty and I like salty but it was extremely over powering.
The only reason why I'm giving three stars is because the chicken was really moist and crispy. We got the golden soy and original which honestly weren't that different in taste. The flavor was very subtle. 
Overall, I'd say that there are better places to get Korean chicken. Also, the area is packed with great food places and i would probably recommend going to another place.Called in an order for pickup.  Told 10-15 minutes.  I show up 20 minutes later.  Store is EMPTY; not a worker or customer.  I see my food sitting on the back counter, but not a soul there to give it to me. I wait 5 minutes and no one.  I leave.  Wait 3 minutes, call the restaurant and walk back.  Rings...rings...rings. Empty store still.
5 minutes later, after I am home again they call.  Order is ready.  Where was anyone before?  They all needed a break, so they all just left. Seems the guy was sitting on the steps next-door out front of the store.  Just sat there, watched people enter the store, watched them leave the store, but couldn't be bothered to get up and get them their food.  Then he calls and acts like they did nothing wrong and I had better come and pick up my food.  Which by this time is now cold and has been sitting on the counter for over 12 minutes.
DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS STORE AT ANY COSTS!!!!!Best chicken in town. Love the flavors. The service is great.  Can easily become my next food addictionI had a half chicken with the garlic honey sauce. It was great. Crispy and juicy. I definatly will be back.Well disposed administration and the chicken is great companion chicken. Not certain I would call it Korean style, yet at the same time great all the equivalent. Likewise, the chicken wings are very extensive, so you could get numerous suppers from a full request.The reviews are legit my friends! Top three best fried chicken joints I have come across in my lifetime and I swear to Christ with my hand to the bible  as I bit into the first taste of the nugget I said would I choose this as my last meal if I was on death row? Strong statement I know but what I am getting at is it is worth an Uber / Lyft trip to come here for the food.
I got the 12 piece nuggets which is a new offering from the establishment where you can choose up to two sauces. The double-fried Korean recipe results in an audible crunch they are that crispy and the sauces you have a plethora of options -I went with the honey garlic and the hot and spicy. Honey garlic is spectacular and the hot and spicy I thought was a bit too sweet and a little too spicy for me but some reviewers are saying it was not spicy enough, I will let you be the judge but your likely to find a sauce that will appeal to you with all of the options.
I am going to try really hard to make this only a once a month type of endulgence but I will be trying there meal options soon. Only competitor to Andy's chicken in my eyes is Federal Donuts and that also is a strong statement.
As always people SYOY!!!Excellent fried chicken.  I had the garlic honey flavored chicken.   Delicious.   The orders come as either half a chicken or a whole chicken so you can't get all dark or white meatI was soooo hoping to give Andy's a 5, but it just wasn't in the cards. The food is NOT bad by any means it's just not what I expect from Korean Fried Chicken. 
They have pretty solid flavor option, and you get good cuts of chicken. The sizing just isn't super convenient.
This is definitely a take out place as there's literally 2 picnic tables to eat at. Not good for more than 2 ppl.
I think the pricing is super reasonable but it just didn't wow me.
The staff there is just there and really offers no real help or suggestion. I also wouldn't use the words friendly or present... they're just there.
Everything is super fresh and it does take a while for your order (that's a good thing)
It's a 3.... FAR from the worst, but i would eat there again if friends wanted toAwesome bbq!!! Tasty without bring overwhelmed with bbq sauce.  The fried chicken is so crunchy! 
Yummy!!!After finding crazy waits at both Honey's and Ants Pants for brunch, we opted to just eat quickly and get our day started at Andy's Chicken. This is a solid Korean fried chicken spot, with crispy battering and good quality chicken. I did a half portion ($9ish) and couldn't finish. The sweet BBQ sauce was good.
Space isn't exactly hip, but worked for what we needed. Service was reasonably fast. Not a bad backup if you find yourself screwed over by brunch waits and think, "Eh, I would probably be getting fried chicken anyway."Meh. It's ok but not worth the trek if you don't live in the area. Got here a little after 8:15 on a Saturday night and didn't get our food until 8:45. The guy then told us that we can only stay until 9. 15 minutes to devour a half chicken? Challenge accepted. I got the sweet chili flavor. Maybe it was because we were being rushed out of the place, which forced me to eat much faster than usual, or maybe the chicken just wasn't that good. Probably both. Either way, I won't be back. Oh, and none of the rice dishes were available.Andy's is a east meets west locale offering deep fried chicken with kimchi fried rice along with other popular Korean dishes. We tried the chicken yesterday. It's good, but it is not Federal Doughnuts level chicken, though they have several more, and in our opinion, better sauce options. Their "spicy" comes in two levels, and both are a pleasant balance of heat and flavor. Yet, we couldn't try the kimchi fried rice as they were out of kimchi (fail!). The service was a bit scattered and underwhelming, which is impressive since we were the only customers. Given the newness of the place, we also expected it to look a bit newer --  it has a look of a take-out front that has been around for years. Overall, our return is not imminent, but if you are looking for something quick near the South Street bridge, it is a good option, and we are happy it is in the neighborhood.Chicken is fantastic. Good portions. Not too fatty. Skin is perfectly crispy. Lunch combo is nice as well. Good selection of sauces as well. And (this is personal preference) the chicken was not drowning in sauce - it was just the right amount. 
Sweet potato fries and onion rings left a little to be desired. Very salty for one thing. 
Very fast service and relatively short wait for chicken. I think the price deserves two Dollar signs. You can spend less but you probably won't be full. Great chicken option for south street!This place is amazing! The chicken always tastes so fresh and comes out super flavorful. They have a great selection of sides, too! Definitely would recommend even if chicken isn't really your "thing".I'm a bit torn with this review, mainly because I felt their menu description/photos are inconsistent with what was served. The kimchi and spicy pork fried rice was a bit deceiving. It wasn't so much "spicy pork", but bits of bacon. The egg, shown in the menu as a sunny side up whole egg, came out scrambled. I was looking forward to a silky, runny egg atop the fried rice, so was pretty disappointed when it came up scrambled. I was definitely expecting more for a $13 order of fried rice...would probably never get this again.
The hot and spicy chicken was pretty good, but it wasn't crispy enough - perhaps drenched with too much sauce. Overall, I think that their chicken is pretty tasty, but can't get over the inconsistency between the menu and what was served.By far the best crispy fried chicken I've ever ate! I crave this place! I had the honey garlic chicken my husband had the sweet chili both were scrumptious! Sides are great too like the delicious sweet crispy onion rings. Can't wait to returnAndy's Chicken is a fast-casual joint that specializes in made-to-order fried chicken. As someone who's had Bonchon, BBQ Chicken, and multiple other versions from NYC Koreatown, this place has the absolute best Korean fried chicken. Besides KFC, they also offer standard Korean fare such as bulgogi, kimchi fried rice, udon noodle soup, etc.
They have a weekday lunch special from 12-3pm that you should check out if you're in the area! 
I ordered the Hot & Spicy (Level I) half chicken. All half chickens come with a breast, thigh, drumstick, and wing. The skin was out-of-this-world crunchy. It felt as if I was eating a hot and flavorful chicken-flavored potato chip. The meat itself was juicy and tender. I waited almost fifteen minutes for my order to be ready, but it was definitely worth it. 
I dined in at the restaurant, but there were a lot of people who came in for pick up and/or delivery. The cashier, a middle-aged Korean man, was very friendly and welcoming. He was the one who recommended the Hot & Spicy flavor to me! If I were ever back in Philly, this would definitely be on the top of the list for me to revisit.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!! When I lived in Fishtown I would get chicken from Andy's regularly, when I saw they opened another place right by me I was pumped. Same quality and friendly service as the Fishtown location. Honey Garlic and the Sweet Chili are by far my favorite two sauces. Would definitely recommend.The chicken may be good but the trash service and wait time isn't worth the hassle. The workers are incompetent. Not to mention the sides are average at best. 
Currently at the 45 minute wait time and still no end in site.  Gonna eat the money and eat elsewhere. 
Was nice to hear the idiot behind the counter mention that they ran out of chicken. Had to make more. It's what your known for dumbo. Idiots. 
What a joke. Never again.I came here after raving about Korean fried chicken to one of my Korean friends. She told me this place is very legitimate. They have alternative hours for Covid but still are open pretty much any time you would be in the mood for fried chicken during the day. Got the honey garlic half chicken and it was really delicious. Their chicken isn't as crusty and thickly breaded which I like because there is more emphasis on the flavor.I have no idea what they are doing to their chicken to make it so perfectly crispy on the outside and moist and tender inside but I hope they never stop. The sauces are incredible and the service is great. Orders are prepared timely with great attitudes from staff. My favorite chicken spot in all of Philly hands down.Incredibly good chicken- fried to perfection without being too dry. The staff is friendly and helpful. French fries are also extremely delicious. I've become a frequent customer thanks to the ease and danknessDefinitely a great place for food overall but their Korean Fried Chicken is the Star Attraction.Wait time for take out is fine, not short but not too long. The chicken tastes pretty good. I've had better but it's still good. I've had the sweet and spicy, and also the Cajun sauce. Both of them could be spicer. I had the macaroni salad and egg butter rice sides before, both of which were extremely bland and boring. Service is great, no complaints about that on my end.The chicken is amazing, all different flavors too. The sides are nothing to write home about. Staff is very nice at both locations I went to. Could be my new go to spot.Still five stars. Without a doubt a takeout order of Andy's delicious fried chicken is the perfect way to celebrate Valentine's Day. After all, it's a holiday that began as a feast to celebrate the decapitation of a third-century Christian martyr, or two, and morphed into a holiday all about love.This place is unbelievable - I've given up on being a vegetarian, 
Let me walk you through the best chicken-related-experience of your life.
1. The first thing you notice is the crispness of the skin that greets you with audible *crunch* like biting into  a stack of potato chips 
2. Then you notice the rich tangy-yet-hot glaze that is so thick and sticky it could be used an an industrial adhesive 
3. Finally the meat, the most technically impressive part, is so juicy, moist, and soft (EVEN THE BREAST!!) that it makes you realize just how bad your mothers cooking is. 
its worth the wait - come here.Ordered a sweet chili half chicken and an order of kimchi-pork fried rice. The chicken was really good and left little to be desired. However the kimchi pork fried rice was a major let down as there was very little pork and an abundance of bland rice.Got delivery for this order of sweet chili chicken and onion rings. It was warm when it arrived and tasted great! Not too spicy, and the portion was generous. The drumstick was particularly perfect. The chicken had a nice, crunchy shell and wasn't soggy in the sauce. The onion rings were so crispy that the breading was cracking (which I think is a good thing--a rich texture!). I kept it in the oven at 200 degrees for a few minutes to keep it warm before I ate, which worked well. Great takeout!Been here about 4-5 times. My favorite is the soy garlic wings. Cajun is another flavor that I enjoyed. All the times I've went, the fried chicken was saucy, juicy, and perfectly fried. 
But when I went last night, the chicken wasn't so great. It did not have much sauce on the chicken and it was overly fried that the fried chicken skin was hard. 
I'm giving the chef the benefit of the doubt that it was an off day for him. Hopefully the next time I go, it will be as good as the first few times I visited.Sopped by for lunch. It wasn't too busy, and service was fast (less than 10 minutes to prep the food).
I got the chicken only happy hour special. The chicken was delicious. Super tender and juicy, with light and crispy skin. I got the honey garlic and sweet chilli sauces on the side. The sauces were not as strong as I would have expected, but they had great flavour and didn't overpower the flavour of the chicken, which was refreshing.
Would definitely go here again.We tried Andy's Chicken and would have to say that it is nothing like traditional Korean fried chicken (gampungee) but its damn good fried chicken. It is crispy, hot, and not overly greasy. The flavors of the sauces are amazing...you really cannot go wrong with honey garlic, sweet chili, golden soy, or sweet bbq! I haven't not tried Cajun or old fashioned. 
At this location I recommend calling your order in at least 10 min in advance of pick up. Also have wet naps available!Seeing as the only other Korean Fried chicken place in Philly I frequent is Bonchon I can say this place is solidly much better. Super fresh, extra crunchy, and delicious. We did the half order of the sweet chili which is their most popular flavor. It comes with a generous breast and wing, average drumstick and thigh for around ~$10. They have a happy hour from 12-3pm which features really reasonable pricing on their chicken and sides. I could see this being a total win for an area that I would describe largely as a good dessert if you aren't hungry at peak brunch and dinner times. The inside is small with two community seating style picnic benches. Absolutely would recommend to anyone looking for a wing fix.So updated they recently changed things to not even longer give side sauces and the flavor started to really take a hit. I would order from their other location in fishtown or try another storeI got Andy's to satisfy a recent craving for Korean fried chicken and overall I enjoyed the experience! Friends of mine recommended this place, and I was excited to see all the different sauce options they had ( other Korean chicken places I've been to usually only have a sweet or spicy sauce option ). Full disclosure though, I did end up getting their sweet chili and spicy flavors despite seeing all of their other sauce varities hahahaha. The chicken arrived nice and crispy, which was great considering fried food really doesn't travel well on takeout. The chicken was juicy and flavorful, and I did really like the sweet chili and the hot and spicy flavors that we got. The onion rings also were amazing as well as the fries.  Everything was reasonably priced for a 1/2 or full pound of chicken, and they give you different pieces of the chicken too instead of just drumsticks / breast etc. (we got a 1/2 of each flavor and it was broken down into a piece of thigh, breast, wing, and a drumstick). Andy's was a great option for Korean style fried chicken and I do definitely want to try it again in person when times are better and I can enjoy the full crispy experience right away. I don't know that I would put this at the top of my fave Korean fried chicken places but it definitely scratches the itch!Really tasty Korean fried chicken, and the honey garlic sauce is one of our favorites! Rich garlic flavor with a little sweetness makes for a perfect flavor combination to complement the juicy chicken. They even manage to have cook the breast just right (although it's still not as juicy as the dark meat).  The onion rings are also the best side - the fries are regular, and the butter egg rice is just an egg on a rice.  Our biggest complaint is the fact that the combo prices are inconsistent and the price for the sides are a little much - $3.50 for a small bag of onion rings with about 6-7 onion rings is a stretch...Awesome fried chicken! Perfectly crispy! You can get a half or full chicken, and they have a lot of sauce options. We got the hot and spicy level 2. I would say they could add more heat to that since it's the spiciest sauce on the menu, but the flavor was great. Also great Mac and cheese and coleslaw sides!
Here's our breakdown: 
Meat:
Crispiness: 6/5
Meatiness: 5/5
Tenderness: 5/5
Sauce:
Heat (spicy level 2): 3.5/5
consistency: 4/5
flavor: 4/5
Uniqueness: 4/5
Sauce amount: 3/5It's a hearty family joint. my new NFL spot Sunday. The word is out. The chicken is tasty and fresh.Same great chicken you would get if you went to the original hole in the wall in Fish Town. My suggestion would be to call ahead and definitely order the hot and spicy level 1 if you want to try their most interesting flavor. Maybe even go for level 2 if you're feeling adventurous. The wait will be long but it'll be worth it! Best of luck to Andy and the crew on this long-anticipated second location!Ordered Andy's through Caviar - delivery was quick and everything was hot. We got a half original/traditional and a half sweet chili for three people. Chicken pieces seemed on the small side, but we had plenty of food. Chicken was fine - crisp, pretty moist. But nothing to write home about. Overall we liked the original better than the sweet chili. But honestly probably won't return - would rather hit Southgate for their KFC next time a Korean fried chicken urge hits. 
The two stars is really for the sides. Onion rings were fine, as were fries (if a bit grease-laden). But the slaw and macaroni salad were horrible - I can make better slaw, and the macaroni salad was sweet (???). Also, SMALL portions for $3.50. Total bill (with delivery and tip) was close to $50 for a dinner that was not memorable at all.I live in the area and walked by this place many a times while it was under construction in the fall. I tried two plates on my first visit: sweet chili and honey garlic. Got sweet potato fries with both. I found the fries to be okay, but not as crisp and crunchy as I would like. I think part of the problem is the pouch they put the fries in (at least when I ordered to-go). The pouch seems to trap moisture and I think leads to them being a bit soggy. 
For the chicken itself, the sweet chili had good flavor, but was basically covered in a very dense, sticky sauce (my fingers ended up sticking to themselves). The most disappointing piece was the breast I think, which was INCREDIBLY dry - rather disappointing. The honey garlic sauce was a bit better, but I think generally had too much garlic in it. Neither were spicy though (but there are spicy options on the menu if that's your fancy).
For a place that is targeting the take-out crowd (the interior of the place only has two tables), I would have expected the cost to come in a bit cheaper, especially for me when the sauces seem so similar to a Chinese take-out place.This is absolutely the best fried chicken I've ever eaten, Korean or otherwise. I got the sweet chili variety and ate it as soon as it was made. The crunchiness of the coating and juicy tenderness of the inside was unbelievable and the sauce had me licking my fingers and gobbling my half a bird like a hungry puppy in front of a bag of potato chips. I loved every bite of this chicken from the very start. You will wait a long time for your order, but it's so worth it. Someone please give this place more awards!The chicken was very juicy and crunchy and flavorful. We ordered the spicy hot, soy, and Cajun. The side order of cold slaw was tasty, but very small portion for the cost. The chicken is a little pricey, but hey, you gotta pay a little more to get anything worth eating these days.The service is exceptionally slow for really sub par chicken. It's way too expensive for what you get. The crunch and texture of the chicken was nice but the flavor was lacking and it was too greasy. The sides are hugely expensive for what you get as well. I definitely won't be coming back.The hot and spicy chicken (level 1) - amazing! Crunchy (but not TOO crunchy), a little sticky with a glaze, a little sweet a tingly spicy kick. I would get it again and again. 
They do chicken RIGHT.
Also, the owner was so welcoming and friendly!After visiting the original location multiple times, I had high expectations for Andy's new flagship location - and oh man, did he deliver!
As usual, this restaurant will be the best chicken related experience of your life - guaranteed.Finally tried this small eatery! There are two benches inside for seating; seems like it's more of a pickup and delivery joint! Although we enjoyed the bench! Chicken was very 'Korean crunchy' and tasty! We ordered half an order of sweet glaze and half honey garlic with sweet potato fries. I'm not too sure if the chicken was fried for you to order on the spot; because it didn't have that piping hot feel to them. Nonetheless, it was still really tasty! I only wish the place was bigger- for that more inviting atmosphere people love when going out. Awesome service; very nice owner! 4 yelps.