It's Labor Day so I decided to give this spot a try and it was just not very good. I had the ribs and brisket. Both were tender,  it lacked flavor, and contrary to the pictures they posted, absolutely NO bark on either. It's almost like they perfected cooking meat in the oven. 
I really did go into this experience hoping for a great outcome and a hidden gem, but it was highly disappointing $30 later. The sides I had were tasty-baked beans and collard greens. The place is small, and very neat and clean. It's just not how I like my BBQ to be prepared.This place has the best deal!  Flavorful sauces and so much food!  Fast delivery!  I really enjoyed their beef ribs with Mac and cheese, and potato salad.I ordered from here through UberEats. I had never heard of this place before so I read some of the reviews and decided to give it a chance. I ordered pork ribs, collard greens, and  macaroni and cheese. 
The food arrived hot and in place. The collard greens had smoked turkey in them and they were good. The macaroni and cheese was basic. The ribs do not look or taste like they were cooked on a grill. About 15 minutes after I ate the food my stomach started hurting very bad. I was in the bathroom all night long. I called the restaurant the next day to speak to the manager. I explained that I hadn't had anything to eat that day except for the food from them. I also said that I thought it was the ribs that I got sick from. I was issued my money back. The restaurant smells like bad meat. The smell was on the money and in my daughter's clothes when she came out of the restaurant from picking up my refund. I would never get food from them again.I've had the chicken wings, brisket, and pulled pork and all three have been just wonderful.  The staff is also incredibly friendly.Ordered pork and beef ribs and The whole meal tasted like lighter fluid. We ended up throwing out most of it because the taste and odor was too strong. The hot bbq sauce was excellent but we unfortunately had no ribs to eat it with. The portions were also large!I had the pork rib platter because they were out of the wings. The ribs were OK. I am a rib lover, but these had a very overpowering smoky flavor for me. I loved the side orders. I had the sweet potatoes, macaroni and cheese and collard greens.I went the other day after reading the reviews on Yelp and wanting a good barbecue. I only got ribs because I needed to be sure that I liked the food. The ribs were delicious. Falling off the bones delicious. Rest assured I will be returning and ordering other foods. The best barbecue I have eaten from a barbecue restaurant in years.I love this place! The first time I heard about it was through a friend and was surprised a place like this was near my job. I always order 1/2 pound of brisket and candied sweet potatoes. The brisket is perfect for me. There is a little bit a fat but that's what gives the meat it's flavor. The sweet potatoes are delicious! I come here so often even the owner learned to recognize my face lol.I had the pork ribs. I didn't particularly like them. I've had much better.  I loved the sides. I had the Mac n cheese, greens and sweet potatoesAs soon as you walk in, you smell smoked barbecue. It taste as good as it smells too, they don't mess around. I asked the woman who took my order, "how's the potato salad?"... she raised her eyebrows and gave me that old school look, lol. It was enough said. Everything was very good. Y'all know everybody can't pull off potato salad ... Mac & cheese is on point too... Throw in some of that blueberry cornbread too ... You'll be back.I was craving pulled pork and wanted to try something new. So I went to Angry Deekins and I'm so glad I did! The pulled pork sandwich is so delicious and has more than enough meat for 2 or 3 people. The mac and cheese was just as good and didn't taste like the crappy kind the other restaurants serve. Oh and the customer service was great. Thanks ladies!The service is amazing here the women here are so polite! The food is great here the sampler is way more than I expected which is amazing. Gotta try this spot if you havent!Delicious ribs and greens.  Best bbq I've had in Philly.  I had the pork ribs which were big and meaty and well seasoned.  Highly recommend grabbing some takeoutLove the food from small mom and pop shops. They always have the best food but they usually have the worse service and location. 
    This place is not much in the way of décor or presentation. But the brisket was some of the best that I have had in a very long time. 
It was perfectly cooked, seasoned, and did not have big hunks of fat.
The prices were extremely affordable. My only complaint would be no adult beverages at this place. I usually have a shot of whiskey with my brisket, oh well.Had the brisket. Was close to the best I've ever had. BBQ sauce was also pretty good and I would recommend the mac and cheese.The ribs here is amazing! You really don't need to get the sauce on the ribs because the ribs are season enough. I would recommend the platter of ribs with 2 sides. I love it!I was in the area for a concert and didn't know where to eat. Yelp recommended this place. I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was incredible. Really saucy and it's huge! Staff were friendly and we got our food fast. Mac and cheese was fantastic too.I ordered the pulled pork, brisket, pork ribs, and beef ribs. 
Every single bite has been delicious!  The mild house sauce is perfect for bbq. I would give this place 10 stars if I could. 
I don't give recommendations very often so take this as a personal guarantee that you will enjoy every savory piece of meat.This was such a wonderful find!! The later hours on Friday and Saturday are perfect! The staff there are very nice and personable- I felt like family. You walk in and smell the amazing smoker doing its work! I was also excited to see most of the decor was involving the Philadelphia Eagles! The food was perfect! I tried the brisket, rib tips, and bratwurst- all of which were seasoned and smoked to perfection! The Mac and cheese tastes like how your Grandmom made it and the same goes for the yams! The food wasn't a grease fest and left you feeling full, but not disgusting. The other thing that was great was the way they packaged the meal to go. They individually wrapped the meats and put foil over the sides to contain them. Their portions are also very generous! Their prices for what you get is very reasonable. I HIGHLY recommend this spot! I can't stop talking about this place! 
Next time I will add pictures and not just jump into the food immediately.This was our first time visiting Angry Deekins Ribs and will probably be our last as well. Nothing was bad it just wasn't great. My husband prefers that his ribs be cooked with sauce instead of the sauce being poured over the cooked ribs. The Mac n cheese was tasty as was the seasoned rice. I received enough pulled pork to last a week but my side of baked beans was a child sized portion.This was my first time trying Angry Deekins BBQ and I'm glad I did. I stopped in before I had to be at work and I'm glad I did. I got the half slab rib platter with collard greens and Mac and cheese. The ribs had great flavor and they were so tender, they just melted in my mouth. The collard greens was on point. The Mac and cheese wasn't my favorite but it was good. I will definitely be going back and recommending this place to my family and friends. Awesome Food!!Angry Deekin Ribs is the perfect way to satisfy your bbq craving. The two of us ordered half pound of beef brisket and a one pound pulled pork platter with candied yams + Mac and cheese. 
Let's start with the sides. Candied yams were nice, soft, and easy eat with a fork. The perfect amount of sugar and marshmallows to make it creamy and sweet. The Mac and cheese was baked to perfection, the top layer had a delicious crust and the cheese was the perfect viscosity, it did not drip and was in and on every single noodle. Coated to perfection. 
Onto the meat. Some other reviews had mentioned the generous heaping portions. I will reiterate the fact that they definitely do not weigh their food and probably just eyeball it and wind up double your order. At least. Not a bad problem for the customer. 
My half pound of brisket was the size of five iPads stacked on top of each other. Probably weighed closer to a full pound. My only gripe with the brisket is that I had to slice it myself. Not a deal breaker for me but I know some of you out there are lazier than me. I smothered the brisket in the bbq sauce and went to town. There were no survivors. 
One pound of pulled pork? Yeah, they gave us closer to a pound and a half. The pulled pork was very finely shredded. I prefer my pulled pork with a bit more width and heft. The texture and flavor were perfect. They gave us some white bread and buns to make sandwiches. Delicious. I wouldn't have hated some pickles to throw on my makeshift pulled pork sandwich. 
Tired of getting nickeled and dimed for your bbq? Come to Angry Deekin Ribs, they will hook it up.Great pork ribs with a nice smokey and very flavorful rub. Best ribs I had and it was great that the sixers promoted this business or I would have never found it. Be warned, the hot BBQ sauce is pretty spicy. I will go back for the beef ribs and wingsFood was splendid. The wait time was not. 45 minutes it's too long unless I'm dining in somewhere. I will argue the wait was warranted for freshly hot food though. Keep up the good work.Hmmm. It's a no for me. Heard of the place on Facebook as one of the best Black owned restaurants in Philly. Hoping to finally find a good barbecue place, but again was disappointed. Ordered the beef brisket platter. Beef was cut too think and I believe was an inexpensive cut of meat. It was very fatty and also tough. The meat was not seasoned and tasted bland. They put barbecue sauce  only on the top piece of meat. The barbecue sauce tasted like it was poured from the bottle. Honestly I had better at the chain Restaurant Famous Dave's. I will say that the potato salad was very tasty. The collard greens were tender and flavorful but had too much vinegar in them. I would go back for sides only. Only gave 3 stars because of the sides.Enjoyed the beef ribs for our great national holiday. Worthy of this great country. Great addition to the expanding Spring Garden experience. Recommend to any authentic BBQ connoisseurs.The pork ribs are awesome and the BBQ sauce is next level. Also really loved the mac and cheese and collard greens. Some of the best BBQ I've had in Philly.
We tried the beef ribs and those were pretty good, but we liked the pork ribs way more. If you like beef ribs, you'd probably really like them, but they were less meaty than the pork ribs.Let's start by saying that this is the best bbq I have ever had hands down!! My boyfriend got the baked beans but I definitely had to try them as well! I am so glad he got them I really wanted to get them but I knew that I had to try the collard greens and Mac and cheese first to make sure that this was the right place. They did not disappoint they were both very good and the ribs were great. They were falling off the bone and with the right amount of spice! The platter included two slices of bread. The portion is very generous and I actually couldn't finish the whole platter so YAY left overs!! Looking forward to coming back and this time I will add the baked beans to my platter !!!I love this place but it has gotten too popular. If you want to order around dinner time, good luck- they're probably already sold out of almost everything My partner and I often don't get home from work on the weekends until at least 6 and by then it's unlikely we can get anything nowadays. Seems like we're probably not the only people who would be happy to order more if the business expanded the amount of food made.Everything about the meal was god awful! The beans were too sweet. The ribs had no flavor. The cornbread tasted like it was made a month ago. The slice breads in the baggy was just sad.We moved up here from the south have been looking for a good BBQ place for a couple years now. We tried a bunch of different places and we're never really satisfied until we tried this. It is by far is the best we have had in Philly. The brisket and beef ribs were cooked very well, and both of the bbq sauces tasted great and had good consistency. The blueberry cornbread was something new to us and we loved it. We finally found our BBQ spot!Every now and then my partner and I get a big hankering for BBQ! It was our first time trying this place, and we ordered for delivery. The food came on time, and was simply delicious. We enjoyed everything we got, even the slices of white bread, lol. BBQ sauce was on point. Can't wait until next time. Somehow managed to get a picture of our order but not the actual food, whoops!Drove from Nj to try this place because there aren't many good bbq spots near me. Definitely worth going over the bridge for this food. The ribs were nice and tender.  You have a choice of hot and mild. We got hot and they were flavorful with the right amount of spice. The meat fell off the bone a little too easily but tasted delicious. The sides were as good as the meat. The greens, Mac and cheese, beans and potato salad were all delicious. The beans were my favorite so I wish they gave me more. The potato salad portion was generous and had good flavor. The greens and Mac and cheese tasted great. The beans took the gold and the greens took the silver but it was all amazing. Will be driving over the bridge again to eat angry deekins bbq.Summary:
This is no frills, no bullshit BBQ Food is solid, employees are pleasant.
How it works:
This is not a full-service restaurant. You order at the counter, pay, and grab a seat. As of writing, there were 3 tables, each seating 2-3 people, so not much seating. They bring the food to your table. You eat. You finish. You leave your shit on the table and leave.
Location:
- This is neither a date spot nor a hangout spot. There's not much seating. Because of the openness of the place, your clothes will smell like meat when you leave. As of writing, 12 hours later, the only pair of pants I packed for my trip to Philly still smell like meat.
Food:
- Meats are cooked without sauce; sauce is on the side. That's how it should be done, because I hate having to drink my ribs when some restaurant gets trigger happy with the Sweet Baby Ray's.
- Beef ribs were solid.
- Blueberry cornbread was amazing; more like a moist blueberry muffin.
Service:
- Everyone was exceptionally polite and pleasant. I'm not sure if this restaurant is family-owned, but it definitely has that family-owned vibe.Rented out an AirBnB nearby. Stopped by for a quick bite. Owner is friendly, and it's not too costly for a BBQ place. It does cost more than typical burger spots but hey you get what you pay for. Good quality meat. Beef Brisket Sandwich is great. And it is BYOB. Mac & Cheese could have been betterI have patronized this BBQ spot several times before but this is my first review. I wanted wings this time but they didn't have any, on a Friday afternoon??
Anyway, i decided to get a rib sampler and a pound of brisket. The ribs were good and this time they had some with the BBQ glaze on them already. Good. 
But the brisket was AWESOME!!  It was nice and tender and moist. It could've had a little more seasoning but it still was wonderful. I even went to the store and bought some rolls to make a sandwich. I ate myself into a food coma. I will definitely get brisket again. 
Why 4 stars then, -.5 for parking issues and -.5 for no wingsThe ribs here were so incredible they made my fiancé start eating meat after being vegan for 5 years. I'm not kidding. She never had a problem eating vegan while I ate meat until we came here. I'm sure some people would hate to read this but it really is a testament to how powerful their ribs are. Tender, flavorful, cooked to perfection. And the service is sweet like honey.Let's put it this way, I drive from Baltimore to Philadelphia once maybe twice a month just to get my hands on these delicious BBQBeef Ribs.  But nothing you order could you possibly be disappointed withMy husband was in the mood for some Philly BBQ and found this hole in the wall place. This being our first trip to Philly we weren't quite sure what to expect and were somewhat skeptical before we walked in. Ms. Lynn patiently answered all our questions and guided us with our dinner selection. The slab of beef ribs we got were by far the best we have ever had and the potato salad and beans were delicious too. 
Jeremiah was extremely courteous and made us feel at home. For all future trips to Philly we will be making this place our first stop even before Pat's or Geno's, enough said!!!Drove 40 mins just for this place and they did not disappoint. We ordered 4 different platters with just about every side they offer. The Mac n cheese and the potato salad were my favorite but the greens and beans were also delicious. They have huge portions that definitely left us with leftovers. Do yourself a flavor and try out this black owned business! You won't be disappointed. (Wish I took pics but we ate too fast lol)I really enjoyed the food here! I had a taste for some BBQ but didn't want to pull out my grill so I came to yelp to find my options. That's how I found this place! When I found out it was black owned, that was even better.
Okay so I came on a Sunday. There was street parking. I'm local so the neighborhood was normal to me but for some it may come off alittle sketchy. If you're familiar with Spring Garden I can probably guarantee that you probably passed this store a million times and never noticed it. 
But moving forward, I had the beef rib platter, potato salad, yams and Mac and cheese. My food was soooo good. It's literally HOME COOKED FOOD! I was taken back by how good everything was. The ribs were tender. Everything was SEASONED. And I loved that BBQ sauce. I tried the mild one. It was good. Honestly, I barely ate my food there. I had a few bites and wanted to take the rest home to eat on my couch while watching tv. Lol. My gf had the wings, yams, and Mac and cheese. She enjoyed it. The next day her leftover wings were just super salty. I didn't have that issue with my ribs. 
Customer service - The ladies there were friendly even tho it was alittle awkward when we first walked in. I would suggest the person sitting by the door just be alittle more welcoming I guess. Especially because most of the ppl who come there are more than likely not from that area and stopping by based off hear say or yelp. But like I stated before, they were nice. In my opinion, that first impression matter‍
The Establishment was small but very clean. (Plus for me) Gloves and sanitizer was used by girl in front. It's Perfect for a quick lunch outing (2 or 3 ppl cuz a sista needs elbow room at the table) or for take out! I don't see this being a date spot unless it's casual. They have TVs but I think maybe adding some music (NEO soul RnB or something). 
My only downside was the cornbread. They were just okay but my biggest issue was the price. I had the blueberry one and my gf had the plain cornbread. They were like 5 dollars a piece (expensive as heck) and super big. I'm never one to question prices but Maybe they should offer a smaller piece for half the price also. I ended up throwing most of it away. Both of us.
Overall, it was good! I would come back without thinking twice (I don't eat out much, keep that in mind) & I would recommend anyone with the taste for BBQ to try them out.Babyyyyy. *lip smack* lol Ok let me start by saying: YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED! Today was my first time visiting after looking endlessly for some good "non commercial tasting" BBQ. I ordered a whole slab of Beef Back Ribs and sides of Macaroni & Cheese, and Sweet Potatoes. The ribs were so tender! The mild sauce has a sweet after taste but the Hot BBQ sauce seems to be the fan favorite because on all of the tables in the establishment, the container of Hot was almost empty vs the Mild sauce. There are about 4 small tables inside but it seems like more of an exclusively "take out" place. Our order was placed and we had our food in about ten minutes. Friendly staff. Will definitely be returning!This meal made our Friday night!!  So excited to find an amazing BBQ spot close to us now.. Ribs and pulled pork so delicious...and loved the collard greens and mac and cheese!! 
Can't wait to try wings next time..check it out if craving some great BBQ :)I searched Yelp for a quick brisket spot and thankfully found this place. The service was pleasant and made me feel comfortable, like eating at a friend's house.
They seasoned the brisket perfectly. The collard greens had a nice briney flavor. The candied yams finished off the meal as almost a dessert. They were in a sugary syrup and VERY sweet. Overall, I enjoyed it and would go back again.Ordered a rack of ribs via uber eats from here and all I have to say is wow. These were so good I actually decided to take the time to write a review and I'm hard pressed to do ever do that to begin with...! I was desperately searching for some good BBQ after living in Texas and the Midwest for many years and Deekin's sent it out of the park. I had to call my mama to let her know that if I died I've already made it to heaven. Perfectly crafted and cared for, amazing smell, extremely tender, and great sauce to boot. Highly, highly, highly recommend. Y'all are a blessing to Philly!How do you open at 6, and don't have what ppl want until 6:30! THEN YOU OPEN AT 6:30!!!! Plus we're standing there waiting while the two women are talking to one another! NO ONE SAYS,"JUST A MINUTE LADIES"! The manager had to say something to them!!!! LIKE I SAID, "WHAT WE WANTED WASN'T EVEN READY! The lady that came in after us left right out as well. Maybe they'll get it  Not looking good for y'all right now!!!!!!!Hasn't disappointed us yet!!! This establishment has the best sauce for BBQ I've had since my brother's. You have the choice of beef or pork ribs and the choice of hot or regular sauce. The dern cornbreads are like cake!!! Mannn... we take the drive and its worth every bite!!Rented out an AirBnB nearby. Stopped by for a quick bite. Owner is friendly, and it's not too costly for a BBQ place. It does cost more than typical burger spots but hey you get what you pay for. Good quality meat. Beef Brisket Sandwich is great. And it is BYOB.I'll give this place a star because the two women at the counter were EXTREMELY POLITE!
That being said I had a pork slab and the  beef brisket. Neither of these meats were smoked  or seasoned  and sadly lacked flavor...
There were no smoke rings on the brisket
And the ribs tasted like they were made in a Crock Pot or baked in an oven
The best compliment I can give  is the collard greens,they were delicious.These ribs are hands down the best I've had in a long time. My new goto spot. I got a full slab of pork ribs (hot bbq sauce). Boy is it hot. The rib meat falls off the bone. Plenty of sauce left for the 2 slices of bread they give you to dip. I'll have a half rack left for food all Sunday. Well worth the visit. Full slab and 2 sides came to $38. Worth every penny.I like the beef ribs, good size portion, seasoned and cooked just right, and delicious. The hot sauce is some of the best around. Collard greens and baked beans just top off the meal. The reason I didnt give a 5 is because I haven't had the wings yet. They must be good because they get sold out. So better order early!Amazing. Amazing. Some of the best BBQ in Philly!!  I got spare ribs, mac & cheese, and baked beans.  The spice with the baked beans made me want more and more!!Ribs were Outstanding great customer service and I really enjoyed the blueberry cornbreadBest ribs in Philly! We've ordered them countless times since we discovered this place just last year.Enjoyed beef ribs & mac& cheese. Service was excellent got call from the Deekin informing me of a discrepancy. Angry Deekin has a costomer.This Black owned establishment serve Good Food! Ribs have good flavor! Yams were the best to me! The Mac and cheese was good & moist. But I wouldn't order Mac without Yams! (Just me and my favorite combo) only thing I would suggest is warming BBQ sauce before putting on the ribs or serving on the side. But I would return to patronize again!today was my first visit to angry deekins, a place i didnt even know existed until maybe two weeks ago when a friend told me about them. the menu is short, sweet and simple. they offer the basic bbq staples such as ribs, brisket, pulled pork and wings with traditional sides like mac and cheese, greens, potato salad, etc. 
i decided to call my order in as i was driving to the restaurant. they answered the phone promptly and the young lady was friendly and courteous. when i arrived, the same young lady greeted me as i walked in and welcomed me to deekins. the place was empty so the food was prepared fast and was ready before they said it would be. i was in and out in no time. 
now, to the food. i ordered the pulled pork platter with a side of potato salad and a side of greens and also a chirizo sandwich. i have a bad habit of expecting small servings of food so i tend to over-order when trying a new place. BIG MISTAKE at angry deekins! they give you HUGE portions of food. the bag felt like it had a brick in it. when i opened all of the containers to check my order i couldnt believe how much food there was. i had clearly ordered too much. so, first, the pulled pork .. it was tasty but i found that it had way too much sauce for my personaql taste. the next time i will definitely order it with the sauce on the side. i felt like it was very sweet and overpowering. i wanted to taste more of the meats flavor. the greens were very tasty and spicy. i normally hate collard greens but i figured why not try them. i was pleasantly surprised. i only had a small taste of potato salad. it was okay. not quite as good as mom's but i suppose thats subjective. it was cold and seemed very fresh. the real treat here was the ginormous chirizo sandwich with peppers and onions. this thing was huge. it couldve easily been a meal by itself. it was also very tasty. i got it with sauce on the side which made it alot easier to eat on the go. 
overall, i like this place and will definitely be back. good food and great service.We live in Montgomery County outside of Philly and were looking for a BBQ spot and Deekin hit it out of the park. The ribs, pulled pork, mac and cheese and greens were spot on!
If you want great BBQ without attitudes check em out! 
We will be back soon :-)Very good ribs! They offer mild and hot sauces to put on but I didn't even get to any of that because they were great the way they served them up. The pork ribs are much larger than the beef ribs just FYI so be ready for that. And if you get a platter (comes with two sides) I definitely recommend the baked beans and use the bread to sop up the sauce. There are a few small tables to eat in but I think this is mostly a takeout joint.I'm proud to be the first Yelper to review Angry Deekin Ribs!
ADR is located on a sketchy stretch of Spring Garden Street with street parking which can be difficult depending on time of day.  My first impressions: this restaurant is very clean and, yes, that includes the bathroom.  Very cozy with signed celebrity memorabilia aplenty adorning the walls.  Big screen TVs, too.
I opted for the pork sparerib platter.  The ribs are St. Louis style and were incredibly smoky and quite flavorful.  Meaty, moist, not super fatty.  Two kinds of sauce: mild and hot.  And the hot is pretty damn hot.  The fact that the two sides were ginormous does not make up for the fact that there were only four ribs in the platter, not a great value for $17.99.  I was definitely left wanting more.
The mac & cheese was cheesy goodness and I enjoyed the collards, as well, although I feel it would've benefited from chunks of turkey or pork.
ADR is more than just ribs; brisket, chorizo sausage, bratwurst, ribs tips, wings, and pulled pork are on the menu, as well.  
Service was friendly and efficient.  I plan to return.Great ribs and the Mac n cheese are excellent. I have a new place to eat at when I'm in Philly. I really appreciate a black owned business doing the dam thang! Anthony Bourdian would definitely approve, may he rest in peace! God Bless!I was looking to support a black owned business and came across Angry Deekin Ribs. I placed a delivery order of a spare rib platter with baked beans and greens, with an extra side of cornbread. The ribs were falling off the bone, juicy, and covered in a delectable BBQ sauce. They were so delicious! I only got a little bit of baked beans. Maybe they were running low. I did enjoy what I had. The greens were the weak link. I wouldnt order that as a side again. The cornbread was a large piece and tasty. I was so glad I was able to split it and have it for two days. The platter also comes with 2 slices of bread, which was a welcome add on.
I almost forgot to mention I order pulled pork to save for dinner the next day. The pork was pulled really really thin, which is not how I prefer. But that Angry Deekin BBQ sauce is on point so  I was still happy with it.
I'm looking forward to restaurants reopening so I can visit Angry Deekin in person.Angry deekin is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. They have all the usual suspects in a BBQ joint from ribs to brisket, sandwiches to platters. I opted for the rib tip platter with greens and Mac and cheese. They seriously gave me the biggest pile of rib tips ever, and they were delicious!!! The greens were seasoned to perfection and not overcooked. The Mac and cheese is also very good, it could be a bit creamier but honestly there is absolutely nothing wrong with it. The platter was $12.99, so hard to beat! I opted for delivery through GrubHub, which is also a huge bonus. All in all a great bbq joint with great meats and sides, definitely worth checking out