This Animo location has become increasingly inconsistent in the past few months. I will probably only come here as a last resort. 
The juices and smoothies are always good, ingredients for the food is fresh, but the service is extremely inconsistent; when it's good it is great, but when service is lacking, it is pretty bad. They have gotten my food order wrong twice in the last two months, and wait times to get 2 burrito bowls has varied from 10 minutes to 20+ minutes despite going at off peak times with no line. 
When I ordered a burrito bowl I got a salad. When I ordered 1 chicken and 1 beef burrito I got 2 pork burritos.  Yes, they will happily fix your order but keep in mind this will take additional time that was originally unanticipated. 
I'm not sure which posted store hours are correct, but I tried to going around 6:35pm on a weekday and their doors were locked.The food here is always good. I enjoy their salads and beet juice. It is cheaper than most vegetarian places in the city. Get here early for lunch because seating is tight, if you plan to eat-in.Got a veggie burrito here twice.  Blaaand and overly spendy.  Many grains of undercooked rice. Yer paying for decor, not food quality.Tasty! Really good burritos, fresh ingredients, great smoothies, and super friendly staff!!! Prices were within a reasonable amount, leading to a full belly! Check them out!!The border salad with chicken is honestly one of the best salads I have ever had in my life. Only negative about this place is the prices but hey, that's the market for salads these days.I work close so this is a go-to lunch spot for me. The salads are great! I had a bad experience with their burritos so I have stuck to the border salad and have not been disappointed since. The frozen banana is the best thing ever. Be prepared for lunch rush hour from 12 to 1 pm during the week. It gets a little crazy in there. Aside from that, they are usually quick to get orders out.Well I didn't get a juice while I was here, just a couple of burritos when I had lunch with the wife recently. First off, it wasn't too crowded and it was close to the office which I appreciated. We both ordered burritos and they were both pretty good. They had a bunch of healthy type of beverages to choose from which do not necessarily taste good, but you feel a bit better making a better choice. 
The wife got the chicken and guacamole burrito which I tried and like it, while I built my own burrito and was actually pretty similar to hers except that I added the fajita style vegetables and it was pretty good - very similar to Chipotle tasting. I ordered my rice and beans on the side and while delayed were actually pretty tasty and a nice size portion.
The seating was uncomfortable and sparse. I would get the stuff to go if I were to return; but here's why I won't:
They have a business practice where they round up the cost of your bill. They are not upfront about this. This is totally shady. I noticed this when looking at the receipt, and a confrontation with the cashier was unapologetic, describing that the rounding up is their policy. I wasn't demanding my twenty cents back, it's not about the change as much as it's an unfair business practice. I saw Office Space last night and it reminded me of this place, because of the penny shaving. As I looked around the busy restaurant, I thought twenty cents off of that person, 20 cents off of this person. That must add up. They could ask you if you want to keep it or ask if you wanted to donate it to a nice charity but they don't do any of that.I've been going to Animo regularly for about 3 years. Lately it's as if they are moving at a glacial pace. The workers just move so slowly. I now can't run down there for lunch even if I have 15 minutes until my next meeting. I've been late for many meetings now because I'm stuck waiting down there while the workers chat away to each other. Pick up the pace people!Good quality all around. Clean environment, good customer service, quick service and good fresh food.
I have over 37 visits to this location.So happy I found this place close to my work! I ordered the Fast and Furious burrito bowl with chicken and added quinoa. It was so good and the portion was big. A little pricey and the service was a little slow but worth the wait! It's nice to have a healthy lunch option! I'm looking forward to trying their juices!Just ok. Plus they completely messed up my order- left the did not add the beef to my burrito. Didn't even add veggies.The smoothie was delicious! However it was very disheartening to see an employee smoking a cigarette, then come in and start working on the food prep area without washing her hands...I've been in the middle of moving so I have had no food in my fridge for the past could of days. Animo was a great find for healthy food that will keep my energy up when I have to carry boxes up and down stairs after work.  I actually went two days in a row because of how great I felt yesterday. Their smoothies are my favorite. Today I got the Nirvana which turned out to be very orange, but did not taste just like carrots. The cantaloupe, banana and mango gave it a refreshingly sweet taste. I also got the fajita burrito on a bed of salad.  It comes with beans, rice, and delicious roasted vegetables and possibly mushrooms. My friend and I got them together and thought there might have been mushrooms in there. Either way, it was really good!  I ordered the smaller size and there was WAY more than enough. I would recommend ordering the smaller size if you get a burrito and splurge on a juice or smoothie! So good! It did come out to $15 though. So come prepared to spend on healthy and fresh ingredients.Cool atmosphere and super fresh, delicious juices!
I ordered the Beets juice and it was awesome!
Also, the location is great and easy to find!Huge selection of smoothies and burritos! Lots of gluten and dairy free options! Portions are good, I usually get a burrito bowl!I have been waiting for a great healthy spot to open up near by work! I was so happy to stumble upon Animo one day! It's so hard to find a good salad in philly-not to mention a burrito that isn't dripping in oil. Animo has fresh and organic ingredients that are reasonably priced. I also love that you can get a small burrito size! 
The burritos are great and so are the juices and smoothies! I love everything!
My faves are: 
Haight and asbury & kale and quinoa burritos
Gimme a Beet juice
Chilly Palmer smoothie
I just wish the line wasn't so long but it's definitely worth the wait.My favorite place to get a smoothie in the Logan Square area! Animo is so fresh and delicious. If I am ever feeling like I'm getting sick, I will hop on over to Animo and grab an MD.  If I'm hungover I'll go grab a shot of ginger and if I need an energy boost I'll go for a wheat grass shot.  Their healthy options are endless and do not stop with smoothies and juices.  They also serve a wide array of burritos, salads, and bowls.  All striped of additives and preservatives, so it doesn't make you feel overly full and bloated after indulging like Chipotle or other similar spots.
My only thing is that it's not cheap, which is why I can't come everyday.  This is more of a treat for me once in a while. 
The atmosphere is pretty, hip, and trendy and the staff is always friendly, helpful, and accommodating.  No other smoothie spots compare! Highly recommend.
Also the frozen banana!!! A+I work very close to Animo and absolutely love acai bowls. On my first trip to animo I was so impressed my acai bowl was the best I've ever had. I thought I'd be going there 2 to 3 times a week. My second trip I had half a frozen banana in the bowl. I thought I should give them another chance and today I received 2 MASSIVE chunks of frozen acai in the bowl. I wasted $8.50 more than half of my bowl consisted of the frozen chunks! I even took a picture of one! The bowls are very small and I was very disappointed. I guess I will need to find a new place to get acai bowls in philly. IMG_2601.JPG (hopefully people can click the pic and see the chunk if not I'll have to find a new way to attach it)This place is amazing!  I had a banana custard (think yonana) with peanut butter today and a small kale and quinoa burrito - both were FABULOUS!  I went at 2pm and I was in and out within 5 minutes.  The line can be long at lunch time but its probably because the place just opened. 
My food was fresh, tasty, healthy and they even gave garden of Eden organic chips on the side - nice touch - bc w all the gmo corn out there - it's great to eat something I already know is organic and gmo free.  
The vegan menu options, which are plentiful, are clearly labeled plus  the menu is easy to read. You can omit cheese and substitute veggies and create any vegan burrito you are looking for. though, after the quinoa kale burrito i dont see a reason to order anything else.  They use eco friendly packaging for take away and have very cute bowls and plates for dining in.  
Note: The burritos come in two sizes, small and large, I had the small and thought it was sufficiently sized. The pico is GREAT - add it on you wont regret it. 
Vegans:  The banana custard is vegan (its just frozen bananas) the chocolate sauce is vegan as well.  
I can pretty much imagine eating lunch here every day.Check your order ...nice spot & people are nice but they were messing up the orders.   My order - chicken & guac burrito - was fine & very good.For lunch, I am usually a burger, hoagie or pizza guy. In an effort to eat a bit healthier, friends of mine (Patrick and Mary) recommended that I try the PB&J smoothie from Animo. 
Wow.
Glad I did. It was terrific and I will certainly come back to get it again. It was filling and had great taste. 5 STARS!This place is wonderful! Coming here was a friend's suggestion and I was a little hesitant because I was not in the mood for a burrito. I ordered a border salad with beef and it was delicious. They put an appropriate portion size of cheese, guacamole, and pico. The lime dressing was refreshing and full of flavor. Even during the work week lunch hour with a line almost out the door we were in and out in a half hour! I left feeling satisfied but not bloated. Next time I will absolutely try one of their juices!Another salad with minimal toppings. $12 and I got totally jipped. This is becoming a repeated offense.Customer service is lacking. The girls working their were giggling about messing up someone's name and making jokes about- a little unprofessional. Other then the food is ok..juices are pretty good. Most of the juice seems to be pre made too...This is my new favorite lunch spot in the City Hall area.  Healthy, spacious (some customers were so smitten they nestled in to work on their laptops, post-prandial) Customize anything, no problem.  Fantastic selection of salsas and condiments, offering spices to please every palate.
My favorite is the border salad, complete with luscious guac and huge chunks of diced chicken (see my pic).  Only a few bucks more than Chipotle, and so worth it.  The staff is super friendly, adding to this place's positive vibe.  Large corner windows provide a pleasant view for people watching while you enjoy your meal.  
Only open on weekdays, so plan accordingly.Just AWESOME!! The food is delicious, and the staff are so hopefully and polite! Has become one of our FAVORITE lunch spot!!!High quality food. I was impressed with how tasty it was. Definitely adding this place to my lunch rotation.Animo is super close to the office so I've been here a few times.  I've had the Popeye salad, which is a pretty large portion.  I got a side of chicken with the salad for about $3.  This was a sad addition.  The chicken was dry and not worth the price.  
The chicken burrito was okay.  I forgot to mention which size I wanted and the cashier never asked so I don't remember which I got.  It came with some chips and you can grab some sauce yourself from squeeze bottles.  A bit pricey for lunch but it was filling.  The premium is for quality but it goes a bit unnoticed in the burrito.Food is good and fresh. Portions are small. A veggie and humus burrito in a bowl is nothing but a spinach salad with a spoonful of humus. How can you have a burrito without rice and beans? And for $8.90, it was very small and I am still hungry.I used to live and work a block from Animo and popped in multiple times during the week when Animo first opened.  I could not rave about the freshness and quality of the food and the professionalism of the staff.  Well, my experience last night when my lunch order was wrong demonstrated that Animo's customer service is now abysmal if not nonexistent.  
Yesterday at lunch time I ordered the Border salad that comes with guacamole and the employee neglected to put it on the salad.  For $11.38 I expect to get everything that is supposed to be in the salad.  Once it became clear that the employee neglected to put the guacamole in I closed the salad and decided I would pop in on my way home and address the issue.  No biggie.
Well, I walked in after work and there were no customers in the restaurant at all.  I walked to the counter.  Nobody is there.  A woman working behind one of the food work stations eventually walked over and I explained what happened with my salad.  I showed her my receipt and politely asked to have a FRESH salad made up with the guacamole.  She then began to make up excuses as to why the employee messed up my order.  Ummm...okay.  
She then proceeds to just add guacamole to the salad I brought in.  She brings it to me and I reiterate that I want a fresh salad.  At this point the employee working the front counter has made her way over.  The young woman who brought over the salad just looks at her.  The other employee says, "We normally don't do that."  That was all I needed to hear.  I then told them I just wanted my refund.  The woman that had thrown the guacamole in the salad begins to suck her teeth and talk under her breath as if she is a sullen child. Really?!?
The apathetic and indifferent behavior of these two employees spoke volumes.  They do not care.  There are too many other healthy options in Center City now.  I advise you if you are reading this to take your money elsewhere.  The customer service has dropped to a level that shook me to my core.  Very sad considering the high level of service Animo used to provide.  Moreover, after considering the Border Salad is half of the size what it used to be at the same price I think I was better off just getting the refund.  As a long time customer, the changes to the menu have not gone unnoticed (think: no more Peruvian Thunder).5 stars for the kale quinoa burrito bowl.  
5 for the ginger lemon cayenne shot. 
0 stars for plastic utensils.  metal used to be the norm.  kinda bummed about that.I came here for breakfast looking for something hearty and healthy! I got it for sure in the form of a fresh vegetable juice with fruits and an egg spinach and pico de gallo burrito. I must admit the juice was extraodinary! I was expecting a bitter vegetable juice considering they put a lot of kale in it but I was pleasantly surprised as the juice had vegetable tones but tasted like a fruit juice without the feeling of consuming entirely too much sugar (Which I probably was). The burrito was tasty but not something I'll remember, it was simple and filled my belly. I mean how hard is it to screw up eggs pico de gallo and spinach? I could probably make the burrito at home so I won't be coming back here for burritos, however I do crave fresh juice from time to time so I'll definitely be back for some juice!Although I love this place I have noticed a difference in the staff over the last year.  I went there yesterday and was unable to get a juice for the second time this week.  The staff starts taking the juice machine down at 6:00, an hour before closing.  So disappointing.  I was only able to order a smoothie.  I went at 6:15 one day and 6:30 yesterday.  I hope this changes.  They were also out of rice and quinoa yesterday.  Although this was bad, it's not as ridiculous as not making juice at a juice bar.Love that they serve in IKEA dishes.
The pepito burrito in a bowl was A-OK, but not something I would return for. While the guacamole was tasty, it came with ~5 tortilla chips (i.e., gone in a flash), everything was just a bit bland. Since I live nearby, I'll likely be back to try a salad, a soup, and their juices/smoothies, but for anything burrito-like, I'll head to Chipotle.Rude staff, never open.  I never liked this placed and I left for 4 years and I still don't.Huge selection of smoothies and burritos! Lots of gluten and dairy free options! Portions are good size.Service is awful and food is mediocre. The wheat wrap tastes like dirt not worth eating. The only reason I gave this place three stars is the complementary chips are actually good but nothing  else was.What a gem! I was visiting Philly and staying at a nearby hotel when I walked past this juice bar. I ordered a Gimme A Beet juice and a Greens and Eggs gluten free breakfast burrito. Both items were delicious! Simple whole foods, healthy and tasty. I was so pleased that they were able to make the breakfast burrito gluten free with a gf wrap! Staff was helpful and friendly. My order was ready in less than five minutes. Will definitely visit again next time I'm in town.Animo has the best acai bowls in Philly. The manager is super cool and gave us a special tropical bowl that wasn't on the menu just because it was Saturday and he wanted to hook us up. The guac is also poppin. Definitely would recommend!Much better than a Chipotle or Qdoba -- definitely feels healthier. Lots of options for Burritos and burrito bowls. They even have gluten-free wraps. And the smoothies here are awesome. Burritos come with chips on the side --- dont forget to grab some of their homemade orange hot sauce. Definitely try this place over Chipotle.I just moved to Philly from Los Angeles and this was the best piece of home I could ever ask for! Healthy and delicious juices, smoothies, bowls, breakfast, EVERYTHING. So so excited for this place!Ok I'm not sure why I waited SO long to try this place, probably because every time I have came in the past there is a freakishly long line, and I always happen to be in a hurry. Well, finally, got the chance to juice it up with my veggie burrito bowl. The bowl was super flavorful and fresh, def going to get this again!
I got a veggie burrito bowl, told them
I like my spice level to be extreme (I love spicy food) and that's exactly how it came out. Don't worry, I'm positive they have the average spice level avail, not everyone wants spicy. 
I got the Lime Light juice, which was carrots, Apple, ginger, lime and celery. Absolutely delicious!! It's refreshing.I absolutely love the Haddonfield, NJ location of Animo and was looking forward to this location opening for the longest time.  While I am still excited, I have been let down on a few occasions which has made me less eager about making the long walk across the city for Animo... I hope things improve and that the Philly crowd really enjoys this spot bc they have a great and rare thing to offer in their healthy and tasty menu options.  
Criticisms: 1) Price is even higher than Haddonfield, 2) I havent been there yet without some error in my order whether it be wrong ingredients in my burrito or something missing from my order...very frustrating, 3) Staff is friendly but clearly not well acquainted yet with the menu which may account for the errors, so hopefully this is just a matter of time, 4) Some favorite items from Haddonfield are different on this menu with different ingredients... why change something that works!I really dig the chicken and guac pepito/burrito. Nice, clean, efficient service.  One of my go to lunch places.We were happy to find this place when traveling to Philly for the weekend. Good food and good drinks.I finally got to try this place out after watching the preparations for opening with much anticipation!
I enjoyed the Mission burrito with veggies and a Coast to Coast smoothie.  The smoothie was especially good.  The burrito came along with a very small portion of chips and salsa, but it was just a nice little taste on the side.
I felt healthy and satisfied after my meal, and I would definitely like to come back, but it was a little pricey for an every day lunch.
The atmosphere was really nice as well - modern and natural with lots of wood.You really can't go wrong with Amino.  I love that there's a healthy lunch option amid so many unhealthy options in this area.
The burritos are decently portioned and although I'm a protein junkie, I have a love affair with the kale and quinoa burrito.  The salads are amazing, especially the mexican style one.  
I find myself coming here a few times a week in the morning hours for a protein smoothie - the white lightening is super tasty, as are all the fresh-pressed juices.
Give Amino a shot instead of waiting in line at Wawa next store - you won't be sorry.Great place! Healthy ingredients, nice atmosphere. People are very pleasant. I eat here weekly.Very beutiful place to eat. The staff was very friendly and I love their menu. I've had a chicken fajitas and it was delicious.I was sad when Fuel across the street closed, but this place has been a great replacement for healthy foods and juices. The Chocolate Thunder is a nice treat, but I tend to stick with the juices. 
Burritos are great. I dont really love their beef, so I stick with the chicken. The guac is great. I do wish they were a little less skimpy on the chips and they were open a little later.
It's nice to have healthy lunch options in CC. Not that I don't love Wawa, but it is good to change it up.Burrito was skippy...and had a typical taste that did not set it apart from any other restaurant.Today was my first time here and I thought the food was very good (hummus and veggie wrap) as well as the service. I also like that they smile at you when you walk up to them to place your order. The juice I got-the Limelight, was exceptional.Shira made me this beautiful pitaya bowl! It taste so good. The consistency is great and the seeds and granola are super crunchy! Love fresh fruit! Wish it didn't come in plastic though. I'm going to have to reuse it like four times and put a plant in it now. Thanks animo!!!!Walked by and hadn't had breakfast; smoothie sounds good, why not? First, I love the lay out and architecture; lots of space and I love all the wood use. I was recommended to get the "Cobbler" smoothie, and all I gotta say is delish! To top it off, Charlotte and the rest of the Saturday crew are personable, and down to earth! I will definitely be back!I always love coming here when I'm feeling like I've had enough burgers and French fries and just need something good for me. I love all of the juices and being able to sit and relax. Be super specific if there's something that you want and they will make it happen!First time trying this place after getting rave reviews from co-workers. Got there a little before noon and the place was jammed! That being said, the line moves really quickly and it gave me time to peruse the menu. I ordered the kale-quinoa burrito bowl and added tomatillo salsa and jalapeños. I also had to try one of the juices. Settled on the carrot/orange/cantaloupe juice. Fantastic! The food was so fresh and felt like a party in my mouth. Will definitely be back to work my way through the menu!My husband and I stopped in for a quick bite. I had the Tahini Caesar- it was ok, a little flavorless, but plenty of kale and chickpeas. He had a burrito with chicken, rice, lettuce, cilantro and red onion-looked and smelled delicious. The only reason why I'm giving it 4 stars is bc the young lady at the counter seemed rude. She was very short with her answers and never once cracked a smile. I thought perhaps it was bc it was later in the day but it's never too late for a smile:) We quickly ate, cleaned up after ourselves, and were on our way about 15 minutes before they closed. All in all, I would eat here again, perhaps I'll try a juice tomorrow.The food was good. A little on the expensive side for the portions. I was mostly disappointed that they gave me 3 single chips with my burrito bowl, I wish I was exaggerating. If you are going to advertise that the bowl is served with chips, at least put a servings worth in it. Other then that the service was great and everyone was friendly!To busy that you don't even have time to chew ? Get a juice that will fulfill your needs, keep you full and maintain that hourglass figure.
I got their CinCity which is a delicious juice, naturally sweet and healthy.
Honestly, anything that has spinach banana and milk is a win in my book. Add some honey, cinnamon and PEP, you are golden. I think this drink was the only reason why I didn't pass out on my 6 mile run post a long day of work. Thank you Animo!My paradise juice and kale and quinoa burrito were phenomenal! You have got to try the chipotle salsa. Great music and friendly staff. I will be back for sure!This place was great!  I got the Kale and Quinoa burrito and the Ginger Snap juice blend.  Everything was delicious and promptly served.  Definitely going back!This past Saturday my husband and I took the baby out to enjoy the beautiful weather... As a new mom, it takes a while to get bags packed, baby fed and out of the house. So many times we are all set to go, only to realize that I've totally forgotten to feed myself.  Of course, this happened on Saturday, and I needed something that didnt require any work to eat and would hold me over for a few hours... I went to yelp, and realized we weren't far from Animo (a place that I've been meaning to try for some time now).  
I wanted something with Protein, so opted for the white lightening, although I ordinarily wouldn't go for a shake with peanut butter.  I'm so glad I did, b/c this was truly delicious ... so delicious that my husband (who usually turns his nose up at drinkable meals) had a sip and even came back for a 2nd / 3rd sip!
I'm totally a fan, and only wish I was on that side of the city more often, to justify more frequent visits!!Went for a quick lunch. It was delicious, fast,  and just the right size. I had the chicken and guac petito burrito. It was yummy and the perfect size for lunch so I wouldn't return to work and fall asleep at my desk. Plus, it even came with some black bean chips. 
I really liked the inside and the staff really kept the line moving. A lot of people came through while we dined without it ever getting too crowded. 
I'm definitely going back and this may become a work lunch staple.After a few months of waiting for Animo to open at their center city location, I was finally able to experience this fantastic burrito and juice bar. The first thing I noted was the coffeehouse feel of the restaurant. As a first timer, I was greeted by the friendly staff and asked what they would recommend. I was enlightened on the history of the restaurant and was happy to support a family owned business. After some deliberation of the menu, I decided to go with the fajita burrito and peligrino which came to about $11. Although the price was a little bit more than I expected, I feel as if it was worth it because of the chips/salsa, the quality ingredients, and customer service. Water was complimentary and had a hint of lemon which was nice. 
If this were ebay I would leave the feedback as AAAAAAAA+++++++++
I will be back again to try something from the juice barI woke up 3 days before my wedding with a sore throat and freaked out.  On my way into the office, I googled solutions.  First, I went to Walgreens where I stocked up on the medication that you have to sign for; the hard sh*t.  Next, I ambled down 17th street to Animo.  I recalled my former boss pleading with them to deliver to our old office, so I was intrigued.  I went up to the counter, and said to the woman "Help me not be sick!".  A shot of ginger and an amazing juice later, I was back on my way to the office with the pharma approach in my pocket, the all natural approach in my belly, and hope restored!  They couldn't have been kinder, or nicer, or more helpful at a time when I needed someone to be kind, nice to me, and helpful.  
I've been back for lunch since... and their food is delish too.  I'm a fan of the petito burritos.  Just think of it as a wrap, and any mexiconfusion will get all cleared up.  For dessert, there is nothing like the frozen banana whip!  Add peanut butter and chocolate... and while it doesn't mimic ice cream at all... its a healthy treat that satiates like nobodys business.
Thank you Animo!First and foremost this is a cool little spot which is great to sit near the window and creepily stare at people as they walk past.....
The drink and food selections are vast and really good. However, for a nutritional juice/food bar, how do you not have any nutritional information? It would seem that the crowd you're drawing in here is health conscious, as I walked a mile away from my hotel to check the place out and avoid most other places along the way.
All I had here was the Chicken and Hummus bowl and added quinoa to it and it was really good! The chicken had a great seasoning to it and the food was fresh as well. Next time I'm in Philadelphia, I'd definitely come back to try a protein shake!This place has a great selection of juices and burritos/burrito bowls. However, I've found that everything is pretty inconsistent.  I've had instances where my drink was pure ice and barely tasted like fruit. Other times I waited for 20+ minutes for a juice that was never made. But all in all, it's fresh, healthy and convenient. Try The kale quinoa burrito, it's amazing.I'm kicking myself for not trying Animo sooner since I work so close! All my lunch prayers have been answered! 
My first time was everything I had hoped it would be. I got a fajita style chicken burrito bowl w guac, sour cream, lettuce and tomato; along with a cin city smoothie. 
It was so good that I wanted to inhale it all immediately, so filling that it took away the sting of the semi-high price tag, and it reassured me that I could pretty much order anything off the menu and not feel guilty about it. I will for sure be back, and extra props to Animo for the sweet potato chips that was just the icing on the cake of this dream lunch.Great lunch spot in a busy part of the city with fresh ingredients and unique flavor combinations! I had the hummus and veggie in a petito bowl, it was a very filling lunch and the black corn chips added a tasty crunch.Not a bad place for lunch but the cost v. quality/quantity of the food you get leaves a bit to be desired.Fantastic place! I was in Philadelphia vacationing for 3 days, and came here for 2 lunches, 2 breakfasts, and 1 dinner. Tons of great gluten free options. Their breakfast burritos on gluten free tortillas were outstanding! All free-range eggs, all organic ingredients, all freshly made, and you can taste it in the food.  I also tried a kale salad that was huge, very filling, and delicious, and a tortilla-less burrito. The chicken was incredible, I don't know how they got it that soft with that much flavor in it. I had some of the fresh juices and a shot of wheatgrass with a side of pineapple chunk! So good! I wish this place was closer to where I lived - I'd go daily! :)Awesome burritos!  I always get the Haight and Ashbury Pepito and it's delicious.  Very good guacamole too.  I haven't had any of the juices though, just the food.Please stop watering down your hot sauce. It is tasty, but has the consistency of water which is gross.Fresh food and drinks with really healthy options.  I cant think of any similar restaurant/cafe in the area except for fuel.  And this is better.  They have new seasonal offers which is pretty cool ( Currently have an acai bowl that is great) Pricey but worth it.  They could expand their breakfast options a bit though.Really disappointed -- missing ingredient, charged for item not received, and sort of a long wait. I ordered the Southwestern bowl with pulled pork. It was supposed to come with sour cream but did not. I paid for a side of pico de gallo that I did not receive. It was basically just rice, pork, and cheese with a few grilled fajita veggies and a little salsa. Pretty bland. Thank goodness there is hot sauce in my office or it would have been dismal. I guess you're supposed to request lettuce and tomatoes if you want them but that wasn't clear to me. 
The cashier also assumed I wanted a large when the small is really more of a regular size. I guess to try to trick people into spending more. The pork was decent though and I like that they have brown rice instead of white. If I ever go back, I'll just be VERY specific with my order and check it before I leave, advice I should have taken from another review.I really want to love this place. The quality of food is good and the location is great for breakfast or lunch during the work week. BUT they cannot get an order correct and the service is extremely slow. What is taking so long if you're not making orders precisely how they are placed? My latest visit, I purposely went at 11:30am to beat the lunch rush because I know how long they take. I tried to call ahead to avoid a wait, but the phone was out of service. I ordered a burrito bowl. I asked for my receipt to make sure the order was placed properly. The order ticket was correct, but at least 2 ingredients were missing! As a "burrito bar", you can't mess this up! The nature of a "burrito bar" is for people to choose everything they want in it! Very disappointed. There are far too many juice and burrito places around the area to settle for this poor service experience.Today, I tried Animo Juice for lunch and opted for a small burrito bowl. I ordered the works: rice, beans, cheese, guac, jalapenos, and all the salsas. It was better than expected, great actually, and tasted way better than Chiptole and other chains, however, I spent $8.50 for HALF the portion I would receive at an chain restaurant. If I opted for a large, it would be spending nearly $11.00 and that is definitely not in my lunch budget. 
I give props for the tasty and fresh food but a no on the price.This is a fun, fresh real food spot that I'm happy to say I work near.  I've stopped in multiple times, both for breakfast and lunch and I'm down with what they're serving up.
Check your GMO and non-organic ish at the door, you won't find it here.  Animo prides itself on the use of organic, real food to make portable tasty items for those on the go.  Burritos?  Yeah they got them in multiple varieties including meat, vegetarian and vegan.  Soups and salads, yeah, those are no problem either and finally, if you need a smoothie, they have vitamixes running 24/7.
For breakfast, I've had the gimme a beet which comes out in a vibrant red and tastes really light and tangy.  It's a recipe I've tried to make a few times at home but somehow, they best me on it.
For burritos, I dig all of them but I keep going to back to Haight and Ashbury.  It's got everything you need for an indulgent meal and those blue corn chips definitely win me over.
It's certainly not the cheapest spot around but I'll pay for quality ingredients.  Now it's just a matter of getting there early enough to beat the line which most days is significant.Service is somewhat slow and the homeless block the entrances at times, but I can't get enough of their frozen banana custard. I recently switched to a primarily paleo diet, so the fact that there's no additives is fantastic. 
They also have water cups and a pitcher available in the utensil area because paying for a non-alcoholic beverage is a waste :)First visit was okay. But today the acai bowls and burrito were amazing!