Breakfast menu choices for everyone.  Bottomless coffee. Friendly service. Some menu choices sounded more special than tasted, but food was ok, somewhat bland.  (It's mushroom season and was served what appeared to be canned mushrooms.)  Really wanted to love this place! Has possibilities!   Needs some character...slap the great Australian fun facts on the menu up on the wall and add some Aussie flavor!!Wanted a cozy spot for brunch on a lazy Saturday afternoon in August.  Stumbled upon Ants Pants Cafe and enjoyed The Lot (eggs, crispy bacon and French toast) and a BLAT (blt w/avo). Also had a half caf latte (perfectly made).  
Sixteen tables of two can be put together for larger parties with just enough room to host 16 separate parties of two!  Very cute, clean, airy and cheerful decor. Background music was definitely high energy and loud enough to drown out private conversations at other tables (thankfully).  
Staff seems very friendly, not obtrusive and helpful.  They clearly know what they are doing and seemed to make each customer feel welcomed.  
YES I hope to return to this very cute "Aussie" breakfast/brunch restaurant located in South Philly.Love their location on South St and am so excited they opened up a second shop! The food is fantastic, great little atmosphere, great music playing. Clean, cute, can't be beat!This place has servers and hosts that seemed uninterested in seating/serving us. Throughout our order process we were met with glares and unhappy faces. I felt like an uninvited guest crashing someone's bunch.
They have another branch open on South Street and I definitely recommend that place over this: I have been there and was met with smiling faces, friendly service offering a delightful brunch experience.
Food was good, so if you are carrying out and/or ordering delivery online so you don't have to actually interact with them, it's ok!Great place for brunch!! Australian inspired menu, which is cool because there's not too many restaurants like that in Philly. Huge menu selection, with sweet and savory options and healthier dishes as well. Ordered the Iced Mocha Latte and Brie Stuffed French Toast, both of which were amazing! I'm not a huge sweet brunch person, but the french toast is definitely worth trying. Prices are fair for the portion sizes. Remember to bring cash, as it is cash only. Somewhat of a small location and service can be a little slower with high volume, but overall, worth coming back to!I really like this place! Good fresh food and worth the price. There's European twist to their food - fresh squeezed juices and egg Benedict dishes are so tasty and fresh.This review is for breakfast. 
I can here for brunch yesterday. I ordered the Aussie iced coffee (2 shots espresso and vanilla ice cream) and the vegetarian sweet potato hash with beets and 2 eggs and I added avocado to the meal. 
The iced coffee was delicious and very filling. 
The sweet potato has was very good but way too salty. Some bites were almost inedible because it was so salty. Overall very good but I would have enjoyed it 10x more if they went lighter on the salt. 
My boyfriend ordered the 3 meat omelette and the Aussie iced coffee. He said it was really good!Four of us had a late lunch and all cleaned our plates and licked our forks! The espresso milk shake I drank was , well, I'm still thinking about it! 
We ate a BLT, grilled chicken sandwich, eggs Benedict and veggie sandwich much to our delight. The fries accompanying our platters were done perfectly, too.
The service was extremely friendly.  The fresh bright white decor with the beautiful mural enhanced our experience.
Needless to say, can't wait to return.CASH ONLY!!! 
I had a mocha and a chocolate chip cookie. Both were very good. Cookie was a little dry but I think they would have heated it up if I had asked. And I didn't ask. My mocha is amazing!!!Just moved to the neighborhood from grad hospital and one of the things I knew I would miss most about my old 'hood was Ants Pants. Imagine how excited we were to stumble upon this one!! So happy I can get my fix of turkey avocado on gluten free bagel with sweet potato fries! Also, do yourself a favor and try the Aussie iced coffee (it has ice cream!!)I ordered the hash from here and it was very good! I hadn't had a chance to dine in, but from what I've noticed when I go in to grab iced coffee, they get slammed for brunch on weekends but still manage to get ppl in and out, I would recommend come during the weekdays if you can. The coffee is amazing, I've noticed another reviewer say it wasn't good enough to drink. I beg to differ. Its my new spot for coffee. I get it iced and it's cold pressed which makes it even more special. I've seen 3 different workers who have all been friendly and helpful. This place is cash only but they have an ATM. If anyone has a problem with the coffee come see me.Meh. The coffee was offensive (honestly, we couldn't even drink it, and at $3 a cup, coffee should be drinkable). Pancakes were pretty good, but my "brekkie" dish left much to be desired. My sourdough "toast" was more like warmed bread and the mushrooms were...weird. We never got the side of hash I asked for and waited entirely too long for the check. Server was perfectly nice, but I suggest you spend your hard earned money elsewhere.I love this place so much the food is excellent. The only downside is that the water glasses really smell like a dog licked them (maybe even an old mildew rag smell). To start your meal to such an awful smell really through me off and left me disappointed and hesitant for my other utensils, plates, glasses; etcDelicious breakfast- they have a really varied menu and plenty of gluten free options. Service was fast and friendly.Australian inspired cafe great for brunch. I got the Brie stuffed French toast with an apricot jam that was delicious, sweet and just a little savory. I had a few of my friends fries too that were nice and thin and crunchy. The ambience was very nice, bright with soft pleasant music. This place only takes cash, so remember to bring it! Though they do have an ATM.Our favorite spot for brunch! Both of my kids feel that the menu offers them a number of great options and the grown-ups Agree! The service is friendly and well-intended but can be inattentive and the music is strangely loud, but in general the decor and atmosphere are welcoming, warm, and friendly. The food is fantastic.What a wonderful brunch I had. I can't believe there wasn't a lengthy wait for a table. Perhaps being "cash only" deters some people but it sure worked out for my benefit!Food was definitely 5 star worthy! We got a few breakfast sandwiches, an omelet, a grilled cheese special, chocolate chip pancakes, and one of the hash dishes. Everything was delicious and cooked well (besides some burnt toast, but that got replaced quickly). A group of 6 of us went around 1pm on a Sunday and the wait was only about 15 minutes, but they were out of a few menu items, which was a bummer, and the air conditioning was blowing directly on us and made both all of us and our food cold (this the 4 star rating). That being said, we'll definitely be back to try other items on the menu!!Ate here with friends for brunch, and it was pretty good. The atmosphere was nice, but it was quite small inside. Coffee was cold and service was a little slow, but the food was satisfactory and not bad. Grilled cheese with green apples was very good, and everything seemed fresh.I was very excited to see that Ants Pants finally crossed over to the East side of Broad St. Their new location is more spacious than the original and has the same delicious food. The staff is friendly and accommodating. We love stopping by for early weekday breakfasts with our baby :)Came here for a brunch on a Saturday morning before exploring Philly for the day! I ordered a Chai and my friend ordered a mocha, both drinks came out warm, verging on Luke-warm, but we drank them so quickly that I didn't feel the need to ask for a new one.
Really enjoyed the food here, would really recommend the potato chip things (I forget the name of them) which are essentially fries in the shape of a ruffles potato chip. They also make their own ranch for dipping which is always a bonus for me. My friend and I both really enjoyed our food, which was in pretty big portions so we probably honestly could have shared a few things. Would return to get the fries again and try more things on the menu!So I found this while searching for brunch ideas on yelp. It was very close by to where I live. I honestly passed by it many times and never noticed it. Today I decided to try the stuffed French toast. 
The French toast was very good. Perfectly cooked and not overly sweet or soggy. 
The eggs were unfortunately a little too salty. Same thing with the eggs in the eggs Benedict. Which made it a little unbearable to eat. 
The iced mocha was very good. Not overly milky like in most places. Very cooling on a humid day. 
Will 100% come back again despite the little saltiness in the eggs! 
Don't forget your cash!This has easily become one of my favorite brunch places in the city! The venue is small but quaint and they have a huge menu with lots of savory and sweet options, including options on the "lighter side" for those who might be on a diet or watching their caloric intake. All of their food is made with real, fresh ingredients and there are lots of options for those who are health-conscious and want to enjoy a meal out but not indulge and "cheat."
The reason I gave 4 stars is because the service during my second visit wasn't the best it could have been. It took them a long time to come and take our food orders for one. But also, I ordered a house brewed coffee and it never came to the table even though my friend, who ordered a cappuccino at the same time, got her beverage. I had to ask a server to bring me coffee. In the end they didn't charge for the coffee though.Exactly what you would expect from the second Ants Pants in Philly! The seating policy is first come first serve so get here early because the lines are real. It's a real tight squeeze, probably seats about 15-20 people. They have a variety of espresso based drinks which is a plus because it's more fun than just serving coffee. The menu is really similar to the one in Graduate Hospital, and the food is on par. My only complaint is that the seating style is not organized. People who came after us were seated before us and it's just super hectic in a tight place. I would like to see a system for seats other than the barista calling people over.I came here for brunch on a Saturday. It was pretty busy, but there wasn't much of a wait. Both my girlfriend and myself ordered the Aussie iced coffee. They were delicious. What is better than vanilla ice cream and espresso in the morning?
I ordered the three meat omelette for my meal and it was really good. I have no complaints. My girlfriend ordered the vegetarian sweet potato hash with beets and 2 eggs. She really enjoyed it as well, but thought the sweet potato hash was a bit salty.
Overall our meals were very good and I would love to come back for brunch again sometime.I was wondering around the neighborhood and decided to grab a bite for breakfast! I was not at all dissapointed.This place has a great quaint atmosphere for a nice breakfast or brunch! We came here as a big group and they were welcoming and accommodating with great service. My group got various egg dishes and everyone enjoyed theirs. The green juice was delicious as well! FYI - It is cash only.I came here after a morning yoga class with a friend. Funny thing was I was prepared with cash on me that particular day, and sure enough this place was cash only. No ATM fees for me.
I had the french toast. The texture was crispy and not moist, but I have to say I liked it. There was a lot of cinnamon on it. The meal, the Lot, came with cheese eggs and 2 slices of bacon. The bacon was thin but crispy and good. I was still a bit hungry afterward, so we shared tater tots sprinkled with old bay.
I enjoyed the intimate setting and would come here again. Nothing really blew me away, but I also wasn't dissatisfied with my meal. It would be a cute place to meet up.I had the vegetarian sweet potato hash and it was divine! I could try to recreate it, or just walk a few blocks and know it's going to actually be delicious. FYI cash only! (Everyone else loved their food too, if a carnivore the maple bacon sandwich is supposed to be really good.)What a hidden gem of a find this was! Or somewhat hidden, I was just surprised a brunch place on a weekend during brunch time wasn't absolutely packed. We had a relatively short wait in the late morning on a sunny Saturday. It's small on the inside, but well decorated with a nice atmosphere (including the bathroom). The food was great - and surprisingly, the shoestring fries were a huge hit, perfectly crispy and were pretty good with the runny egg yolk from the breakfast sandwich. Would definitely come back here to try other foods, and some of the interesting drink options (tim tam milkshakes?! Yes please). I'm a huge fan of brunch and this was definitely up there at the top for great brunch experiences.Always here and Idk why I've never written this review. Must be because i was always too busy eating my really good food or chatting with real cool locals and other moms from the area with our kids sipping iced chai lattes. Come here. Relax. Eat. Enjoy. Repeat often.Great brunch or breakfast option on south street! Trendy place with great options when it comes to breakfast. Haven't tried the lunch options yet but would recommend to a friend.Amazing little place! I was in Philly walking around looking for something to do and this cafe totally caught my eye because it had such a clean and simple aesthetic. Brekkie was great! Made fresh orange juice right there. If there's one thing you have to know before you go, though, its cash only, which is a bummer. That was my only downside to my visit- panicking as I rifled through my purse desperately clutching at random bills I had. Other than this side note, whether you're a 19 year old looking for a place to have a very grown-up like brekkie or someone just getting off yoga, this is a spot for you!Always a classic. Can't go wrong with either location. The stack and the sweet potato hash are my two favorite options. Probably one of my favorite breakfast spots in the city. Very open and tons of natural lighting. You need to get there early to make sure you don't have to wait. Food comes pretty quickly so even if there's a wait it doesn't take long.This place was just okay.
Omelettes were mediocre- they cooked 2 giant pieces of sausages and a bacon piece and put it into a plain egg omelette instead of folding it into the eggs. Bacon was soggy. 
Service was lackluster and the server was disinterested 
Cash onlyThe menu was interesting and the food was excellent! Great service, clean and staff was friendly.To those who want to go here after night shift, beware this location opens at 8am. 
The maple bacon sandwich was worth the wait though. Focaccia nice and fluffy, fillings of golden beets, avocado, arugula, maple bacon, and egg piled high. This is a messy sandwich but oh so good. I've been getting this forever and not gonna stop any time soon :)The new Ants Pants is great! I love their place in Graduate Hospital and their new little shop in Society Hill did not disappoint. It's tiny, but I think since it's so new we were able to walk right in around 12:30 on a Saturday. Everything is in a modern bright white with cozy seating throughout the narrow interior.
We went in for brunch, and I intended to get some of their delicious breakfast, but after viewing their lunch menu I couldn't say no! We got the BLT and Grilled Cheese and both were huge! The grilled cheese had a nice touch of mustard to make it unique. I also opted for their famous chip fries which are just unbelievable. Paul got the regular fries which were incredible as well.
They are still new and have some of the little things to work out. But the portions are huge for this tiny place and I will certainly be back again soon!I had been wanting to try this place out. Friendly staff and customer service. Also has a very cute homey vibe. Unfortunately the food wasn't a hit. I tried the tofu breakfast option and it tasted like stale spongey bread, really dry. 
Also it would've been nice to be told it's cash only at the beginning & not the end. 
Many people seemed to be enjoying their meals so perhaps it was just an off day for what I ordered.Came in here on a fluke because we were doing other things in the South St. area. Loved it! Everyone was so attentive and the food came out so fast. Speaking of the food, holy cow! I got the Maple Bacon breakfast sandwich and it was literally the best breakfast sandwich I've ever eaten. Perfect combo of sweet and savory! My SO got the Brie Scramble and he loved it as well. They also brought him a second Flat White, on the house, which was very kind. Overall, amazing service, food, and atmosphere! Thanks for taking care of these DC tourists!Loved the beef sweet potato hash and bottomless coffee. I had such a hard time deciding since their menu has so many options. I'm usually a simple eggs bacon toast kinda gal but I couldn't pass up the hash. The rest of my group enjoyed their meals as well. Cash only!This place was just okay.
Omelettes were mediocre- they cooked 2 giant pieces of sausages and a bacon piece and put it into a plain egg omelette instead of folding it into the eggs. Bacon was soggy. 
Service was lackluster and the server was disinterested
Cash only tooHonestly, this was probably the best breakfast that I've ever had. Delicious would be an understatement, there are just no words for how amazing the food tasted. Aside from that, the service was great too. I definitely recommend this to EVERYONE! Oh and it's BYOB - which we didn't know, but now we do for next time!This was probably the best breakfast I've had. I had the beef sweet potato hash. Amazing flavors! Will definitely be back!I have been waiting for the right location as my first review for 2019 and to celebrate my second year as elite!  This perfect is it... has been on my radar for a while but i always find it hard to pass my other go-to try it...
I was early for a haircut apt next door and decided that it was the best way to "waste time".
I ordered a green smoothie (spinach, mango, pineapple..) to kick things off.  Very good option if you dont want one of their fresh juices.  I also liked that none of the flavors were too strong (didn't feel the spinach)
I then order  the beef hash and pancake (the things i do to give you a good review ;) ).
the beef hash had amazing flavor and their homemade ranch dressing is great. 
The pancake would not make me drive here (solid but not wow) but it def complement well if you have something else or are sharing 
Service was very welcoming and intimate.  In addition it was fast... 
Verdict: i will come back with my daughter :)Love this new location! Same old charming ants pants cafe as the one in grad hospital. Super convenient since it's close to south street and society hill.
The interior is cute with a couple of tables inside and outside. It is small so on the weekends it does tend to packed. 
We stopped by and got the usual maple bacon sandwich  and the apple and brie sandwich. The maple bacon is definitely a favorite among the crowd. The maple bacon usually comes with shoestring fries and those are amazing too. The coffee is strong and the iced mocha is also something I can highly recommend. 
Also cash only!!
I'll definitely be coming to this location more since it's a lot closer to me :)What a cute little place with a couple of locations in town. I found it a bit overpriced for what it was - I think my cold brew coffee cost over $4 - but my waiter was so friendly and the food was tasty that I am still willing to overlook the elevated prices and give this establishment 4 stars. I had the eggs with dill and opted for some extra avocado and my friend had the salmon BLT with avocado. I think his sandwich with the extra avocado and salmon ended up being about $18. I liked that there were a lot of vegan options.Food is good, place is just poorly ran. Many times I walked in and tables open and no one from the restaurant comes up to the front to greet you. Stand up front for 10-15 minutes until you are greeted although I'm looking at open tables. They rather you stand up front for 20 minutes while they "set your table up" set up meaning put 2 glasses of water at your table while your still standing up front. My opinion Let the costumers sit and look at the menu and what not in the mean time rather then stand up front like a fool. Workers are kind of rude alsoBest place to go if you're in the area. Super cute place with great service. Food is amazing and it comes right away. Definitely recommend!The most unprofessional staff and owner I have ever met. There is no hostess to greet people and advise them of their wait times. When you ask for an estimated wait time, every employee just ignores you and can't be bothered. Stay away.Have been to the other location already and this was one another excellent brunch experience (and this is coming from someone who generally doesn't understand brunch). 
Seated quickly at 1PM on a Sunday which was a nice change of pace, especially for a group of 6. Very extensive menu with several lunch sandwiches and brunch options. I really appreciate that they have some "simple" breakfast options that are done up a bit. Its not all eggs benedict and chicken and waffles and steak and eggs. There are several egg scrambles each with a small twist (Tofu, dill, brie). I had the brie scramble and the cheese wasn't overwhelming and just gave it a nice creamy texture. Mixed in with sausage and onions and it was quite cook. It comes with a dash of hot sauce on it and it was just a perfect amount. Also got the chip fries which I was confused about at first, but they are basically somewhere between a waffle fry and a ruffled potato chip. Delicious!
Nice waiter. Open bright space inside. once again, one of the better brunch experiences I've had in Philly!I was on my way to brunch when I saw Ants Pants finally opened their 4th St location!
While not having been to the Graduate Hospital spot (and always wary of opening week hiccups), we decided to give it a shot.
It's a narrow building, but the decor and mostly neutral color scheme gave it a more spacious feel. Sating is on the cozy end, with one funky seat located under a sloped ceiling (short people only!). No space for stollers - please secure them outside or folded up in front of the coffee bar.
We ordered:
Maple Bacon. $12: foccacia w/ golden beets, avocado, arugula, garlic aioli, pickled onion & over medium egg w/ maple bacon.
Brie French Toast with apricot. $9
Coffee - bottomless. $3 
The French toast was delicious, but steep at $9 for just a bit of brie. The apricot was delightful and definitely puts this under the "sweet" category.
The bottomless coffee was ok - folks usually underestimate how fast I make coffee disappear. Definitely on the pricier end of bottomless coffee, and we had to flag folks down for refills.
Now the Maple Bacon. Holy moly get this before you consider anything else. This is glorious: all the ingredients played beautifully together, and I did not want to surrender the other half to my spouse.
At $30 (including tax and tip), it's solidly in the brunch range for this neighborhood. We'll definitely be back to try out more of the menu!Finally, something different just off of South Street with a great menu. Brunch is delicious! And we have a breakfast place again! This place is worth supporting. This is our new favorite place.Amazing food! My boyfriend and I went for brunch on a Saturday afternoon and the food was phenomenal. I got a chai latte, which was so amazing. My boyfriend had the chocolate chip pancakes with strawberries and I had the dill scrambled eggs. Amazing food, friendly service, and decent price! Would reccomendDefinitely the best breakfast in Philly so far!!! I got the Maple Bacon Sandwich and it was AMAZING! I got the alioli sauce on the side because I don't really like alioli that much and it was perfect! I'm not sure how much different would it be with the alioli in it. The service was great too  100% recommendedSweet little spot off of South Street on 4th, cute and comfy vibes inside. I work around the corner and come here for brekkie/lunch a great deal - the Maple Bacon is my go-to, but the rest of the menu also divine.  Service is always attentive & friendly.  Love it here!The most unprofessional staff and owner I have ever met. There is no hostess to greet people and advise them of their wait times. When you ask for an estimated wait time, every employee just ignores you and can't be bothered. Stay way.Delicious! Went in for brunch hour at 11am and was seated right away. Large menu with interesting options, and I went with the waiter's recommendation of the goat cheese, spinach and caramelized onion omelette with fresh fruit.
My meal came out in just a few minutes! Eggs are perfectly fluffy, and the omelette is loaded with spinach, goat cheese and delicious onions that have the perfect sweetness to them to complement the cheese.
With that, I had an iced mocha latte that was good, not great.
The restaurant is small, yet bright and airy with a colorful wall mural and classy decorations. Very clean.
Overall, very enjoyable experience and great place for brunch.A group of us happened across Ants Pants Cafe by accident almost - and what a happy accident it was! It was a scorching hot Saturday afternoon and six of us had a bit of a time constraint, but none of those factors affected a solid afternoon lunch.
The interior is adorable, clean lines and modern minimalist vibes - yet comfortable.  There's a coffee bar area when you walk in, which had a variety of coffees and even milkshakes on the menu (I was VERY temped to order one).
For lunch, the menu was plenty large - offerings from breakfast to brunch to lunch.  There was some sort of cinnamon bun french toast, egg dishes, sandwiches, and salads - something for everyone!  I (and incidentally, another person at the table) went with the Avocado Turkey sandwich.  It was made with honey maple turkey, avocado, brie, arugula, & honey mustard on focaccia bread; it was super delicious, flavorful and bright.  Served with fruit or greens on the side.
I also tasted a delicious chai tea latte with almond milk - it was divine!  If you're in the area, I'd definitely recommend stopping by for a solid lunch!This place is kinda small so come early if you want to get a table! I had the Australian Iced Coffee and the Italian Sausage Sweet Potato Hash, which were both amazing. Service is quick and friendly as well!Great French toast and the Aussie iced coffee has vanilla ice cream in it and was really good. I felt like the grilled tomato that came with the French toast didn't mesh well with the toast and the Italian soda could be a bit more carbonated, but it was still good and I was satisfied. Prices were somewhat reasonable. I would come here just to get the Aussie iced coffee again.Ohhhh brunch was such a treat at Ants Pants Cafe! I absolutely loved the menu - so many varied sweet and savory options, Aussie inspired coffee drinks and daily specials that all looked so delicious. The interior is adorable - loved the cute, boutique vibe and the accent wall! 
In terms of the menu, I had such a hard time deciding but I opted for the spicy tofu scramble which was served with crispy, shoestring French fries. Mmmm couple that with a mug of their delicious house coffee and you've got breakfast perfection. My dad raved about the 3 meat omelet which was served with sweet potatoes and onions. My sister had the dill omelette which there is an option to add salmon to. Such a uniquely delicious omelette- points for originality! Dan had the Italian sausage sweet potato hash, again wonderful.
A couple things- if you are a vegan/vegetarian there are tons of options! It is CASH ONLY but they do have an ATM available, with a relatively low service charge. It's a relatively small place so you may have to wait a bit for a table if you have a somewhat larger party. But, it's worth the wait. Great food, good service- will definitely be back!Just tried to go to ants pants for brunch - completely empty inside. The guy seating/serving was going to require us to put my son in a high chair instead of leaving him in the stroller. Because of blocking other tables. But if you move a chair (I've had him in the stroller 3 times previously in there this way) then it doesn't block tables or the aisle. I get it if you're packed i would totally understand it getting crowded - but it's 2:00 and your empty.... only giving this review because it's the principal.An absolutely amazing spot for brunch in Philly. The food here is unique, and the menu has a good variety of classic brunch standards in addition. I had the dill scrambled eggs with smoked salmon, which were absolutely to die for. Also worth noting that the menu has a lot of healthier options as well, all of which looked great. The place is small so if you have a big group make sure to plan according.
A few things to note if you come here for brunch: 
1.) If you're looking for mimosas, they don't serve them here but fear not. If you bring your own champagne they'll set you up with some great freshly squeezed orange juice to go with it.
2.) There are two Ants Pants locations, and they won't seat your party until everyone arrives. Don't be a fool like me and let your friends go to the wrong one.
Great spot overall, and a solid place to spend a weekend morning.I guess I'll give it 5 stars (kinda borderline). Overall, I really like this place; reminds me a lot of breakfast places in the South when I lived there in terms of atmosphere. Small, but very open space, with lots of lighting; feels cheery when the weather is doing a Philly special (bad and worse :) ) As others have noted, it is cash only (same is true for both Honey's and Green Eggs).
Nice selection of items here both from the breakfast and lunch menus. Service is very caring and they seem to know the menu pretty well. Coffee selection is pretty good, although cold brew is on the intense side, even for cold brew.
Probably my favorite breakfast place now (well except for Hungry Pigeon, which isn't REALLY a breakfast place) near Center City, given the worsening in quality at Honey's and the change in the menu over time at Green Eggs, removing most lighter options from their menu.
Favorite items:
Breakfast: Eggs Benedict,  Bacon Stack, Dill Scrambled Eggs, French Toast, Salmon Platter, Brekkie Platter, Oatmeal.
Lunch: Grilled Chicken, BLT, Crispy Bacon & Feta Salad, Aussie Burger.
Drinks: Café Latte, Hot Chocolate, Boiler Maker, Flat White, and Long Black.*CASH ONLY!*
BYOB, fresh juice, Aussie specialty coffees and treats, unique menu specials, and mouth-watering food? I mean - what's not to love?
I knew I'd like this place from the second I walked in. It's bright, clean, and crisply decorated, like straight from a trendy a Instagram account. Obviously, this is not the most important factor in choosing a brunch spot, but first impressions are pretty important! Before I moved to Australia for a year, I had no idea the country was known for their coffee, but I have missed it every day since I've left. There's just something unreal about their brews. Fortunately, you can get a taste right here in Philly! Not a coffee drinker? No worries - indulge in one of their freshly squeeze juices or delectable milkshakes (with flavors like TIM TAM!)
For food, we ordered a French toast for the table, and I purchased the sweet potato and Italian sausage hash. Everything was fresh, hot, and flavorful. The sweet potato hash was unreal. I couldn't stop eating it. Had I any self-control, I probably could have leftovers. The French toast for the table was the perfect idea - it was good, though not the best I've ever had, and very sweet. Too much to eat as a full entrée alone, but sharing allowed us all to have a piece. 
We arrived with a party of four, and only waited about 15 minutes. The place is small, but they utilize space wisely. I'd advice against coming here with more than 4 people, however. While not impossible, it would be trickier to seat. Street parking is available all over the surrounding areas, some metered, some free - just pay attention to the signs. 
I will definitely be back. No ifs, ANTS, or buts about it.This is my second time at this Cafe. We visited on Tuesday, it seemed to be the only open place around for sit-down brunch at 1:00 pm. Great choice! We all got different items: the stack, the Italian sausage hash, and the hot and sweet bacon, egg, and cheese roll. 
The stack was simple, but very well executed. My friend who ordered it was more than satisfied with it. I ordered the Italian sausage hash, and it was AMAZING, I almost ordered some extra sauce for it. If I come again, I'll definitely order it. My other friend got the cheese roll, and she thought it was delicious. The garlic aioli tied everything together. 
All in all, wonderful experience. But also remember, this place is CASH only!Took our parents here on a weekend for brunch when they were in town and had a great experience. The restaurant is on the smaller side so be prepared to wait during peak times and it's also on the louder side. Menu had several creative and yummy egg dishes and drinks. The orange juice was fresh squeezed and blended and reminded us of Orange Julius! Delicious!! Service was friendly and they kept our waters filled. Only negative was it is cash only which in today's world is a bit of an annoyance if you ask me. Would definitely come back for the yummy food and charming ambiance!Possibly my favorite breakfast spot in Philly. The coffee is incredible, the Aussie flat white is to die for! The breakfast selection is great with so many balanced egg-based options. Brie&Apple scramble was so good I literally cleaned out the plate, and the side of sweet potato fried is a must-try! Great chill vibe & super friendly atmosphere. Found this place by accident but will definitely be returning for more!maple avocado toast absolutely AMAZING. Byob. pretty small so kinda cozy but the staff was friendly and very attentive. Little off the craziness of south street but still fresh and fun.The best hash skillets in the city - the sweet Italian sausage plus the roasted sweet potatoes w/ all the fixings is so good I can't stop from ordering it every single visit. The vibe in the place is nice and low-key. The table service is quick and efficient - Nick is an especially talented server and we always love seeing him. (Just a downright positive dude... he's like our cup of coffee, talking to him is simply a pleasant way to start the day.)
The ownership does a great job - the place and the menu is authentically Australian. Still can't convince me, though, that vegamite is actually worth eating. ;-)Vibes: charming, homey breakfast cafe with a coffee bar upfront 
Tasting notes:
Iced chocolate: starts as kind of a thick milkshake with varying intensity of chocolate depending on where you stick your straw and becomes a light, cold chocolate milk (I did sip it on the slow side); very generous swirl of whipped cream on top with two pieces of chocolate
French toast: thick, fluffy bread slices with light eggy coating; sour cream was surprisingly airy and not too tart, a good contrast to the deeply flavored, sweet syrup 
Vegetarian hash: delightfully crispy diced sweet potatoes with earthy golden beet chunks and thickly sliced caramelized onions, topped with two sunny-side up eggs
Thoughts:
-cash only
-can handle a couple bigger groups, but would recommend coming with one or two other people
-impressed that the drink list takes up the whole other side of the menuWe loved Ants Pants! The food was absolutely delightful and the service was exceptional. We picked up to-go and brought it home. The food was still fresh and displayed perfectly. We can't wait to return!Great place for breakfast or brunch. They have a variety of creative egg scrambles, omelettes, french toast, and sandwiches. You can bring your dog to outside seating. Also, one of the best cappuccinos I've ever had. They have an ATM inside but be prepared that it's cash only, even during COVID.Australian Brunch... I thought it would be weird, but I was weirdly amazed, rather! Delicious. Wide range of coffee selections, drinks, and a menu that is tasteful for all dietary walks of life. I ended up having the breakfast hash and I can't say a single bad thing about it. The service was wonderful, the food was full of flavor, and very unique, too!! Overall a wonderful experience, other than the downtown parking and traffic fiasco. But i will definitely be making another stop here when I am in town to visit again. Delicious and worth the price, I had lots of leftovers!After Michelle C and I made plans to meet here at noon on a Tuesday, I decided to skip breakfast so I could really enjoy brunch. All I can say is that I'm so glad that I did because I got to fully devour the Dill Scrambled Eggs that I ordered off of the breakfast menu!
I'm not usually a huge fan of scrambled eggs but in this meal they came with spinach and tomato, and were topped with feta. They were definitely an upgrade from your basic scrambled eggs. I thought the portion was huge, and they were very generous with the feta. The eggs came with a side of honey wheat toast which I liked as well. I normally would have put toast to the side and enjoyed the main, but the honey wheat was great!
This meal usually comes with fresh fruit but after hearing about how great the chip fries are, I decided to get them instead and it was the BEST decision I could have made. The chip fries were homemade and fantastic and better than I had even imagined. Everything on my plate was delicious but these took the gold medal! I was stoked to take some home with me (honestly kind of surprised that I didn't just eat them all on the spot, but there were so many!). 
Service was good and our waiter was friendly.  This location is very small and the room is pretty cramped. Since they don't take reservations, you can probably expect to wait a little if you're going in at prime time. Also be sure to bring cash with you since they don't accept cards (womp womp). 
All in all, great experience and I definitely wouldn't hesitate to return here when in the area and craving breakfast food!Great neighborhood breakfast / lunch spot.  Never had a bad meal here and there's a lot variety for whatever you are looking for.  Good for large groups if they are not busy, and also very kid friendly.Such a cute and cozy little cafe. They have a great selection of items and I love all the different Aussie drinks they have too. I got the egg scramble with feta and dill and my boyfriend got a special with sweet potatoes and mushrooms. They have an awesome vegan selection here too if you happen to be vegan. 
The food came out quickly and tasted homemade. It was fresh, healthy and exactly what we were craving that morning. In the future I want to try the Brie stuffed French toast which sounds so decadent. 
Just a heads up, cash only here so come prepared but just in case you don't they do have an ATM on sight.Another really good meal. Had brekkie, long black (double shot of espresso and water) and French toast (best in Philly I think). Another outstanding breakfast here.