i think that this was good. i like applebees always
i love applebees 
i love the two for twenty
love to save mineyEvery dam time we come here it's an issue!!! Either the steak isn't cooked right or hair in the plate or a piece of something in the kitchen got in the plate smh I try always giving the benefit of the doubt but this is far beyond that!!! The manager don't even care.. all he said was sorry instead of saying hey we will cook it to your liking or do you want something else instead!!! Nope he just came to the table and said oh sorry and walked away!!!!  
His name is Amonte or something like that!!! 
I don't mind paying whatever for a good meal but this is ridiculous!!!! The waitress on the hand was awesome!!!I went to the apple bees in this location and it was an unpleasant experience, The tables i arrived at were dirty, when i ordered i got a salad and the 2 for 20 meal for me and my uncle when the food arrived my soda tasted like windex and my uncles rice on his plate was like eating plastic pellets it was clearly overcooked. I will definitely not be returning to this Applebee's anytime soon. Thank you for reading my review.Hey ! Pull over ! There's an Applebee's . Our server Anthony was great. Friendly & informative. Quick & attentive . We were hungry . It was decked out for Halloween . The Chicken lime 550 calories grill platter is what I had . Stanley had the bruschetta chicken salad . Yum.I always considered Applebees as an average place. The food is ho-hum nothing special. At times i wonder how long has that food been sitting there. I believe a lot of food is pre-cooked earlier that day, then microwaved and served. I think the Burgers are cooked fresh though. Just fyi, to any of the previous posters or whomever reads this review. This Applebees on Castor is the training/eval center. I havent really had a problem with the actual service here. Its just the food isnt the best. This goes for all Applebees although im sure some are better than others.Myself and my son went here on the rare Saturday night that I had off from work. I had a giant margarita, and we both had the steaks. I always love this location, it's never really crazy and loud like some of the other locations and the staff are always very friendly. Plus it's good for a 9 year old, which makes a difference to us!this is the wrost applebees in philly . waitress rude i watching the the game there tonight and because i was muslim they changed it at my table .i would never come back here.This place is really 50/50, its either good or its bad. I've had times where my waitress never came to check up on my table, times where my waitress made me lose my appetite and other times where there are no complaints. Really taking a chance with this location, but luckily there are other good restaurants around :)First of all, our waiter, Kel, he's the best waiter we've ever had. He is everything you would want in a waiter - friendly, nice, attentive, well informed, funny and laid back. We will go back just because of him! He's amazing!
The food was good, filled with flavor and a good portion. 
I would had gave 5 stars based off of that. But when we first walked in, the girl seating people didn't say anything. She proceeded to seat us in the bar area, which was loud and we kindly asked her if we could be seated away from the music and the bar. She gave an attitude and walked towards the stand, we walked a little further than her and she was like, "where are you going!?".. I kindly thanked her for seating us elsewhere and she just walked away with an attitude. If you have mostly empty seating on the other side (the quiet side) why would you try to seat us in the noisy bar side? Anyway, when we were waiting for our food she would walk past seating others and giving us dirty looks. Seriously, I wish I would have gotten her name but she is extremely unprofessional and very rude.
Kel saved this particular restaurant from receiving 1 star from me.I love this apples bees!
I have noticed that they seem to be more on top of there game when it is during the evening (thing end of dinner and after dinner crowd) and things are packed, than during the day when things are slower. Not sure why that is, but its true.
The staff here is friendly, and love to make conversation with you. The food is up to applebee's standard and the bar is always packed out. I have yet to have an unpleasant experience here, and we've been eating here over the course of four years.It's a freakin' applebees..... are you people serious?  Nothing but a bunch of "bought in" microwaved crap.  Save yourself the money and buy a frozen dinner b/c that's what they're doing in the kitchen at applebees.I'm a big fan of this place! I treat myself to a 12oz. steak once a month and even have a managers "frequent visitor" card that gets me a free meal after my 6th stamp :)
I like the bar during the evenings while watching HD sports (go flyers!).
Cool crew. Great food. Better prices.Wonderful staff. Cold beer! Very clean and great atmosphere! George, the bartender, is the greatest!So me and my fiancé were all excited about the new two for 20 deal is up in here so we go in there get a nice waitress young gentleman thing at all this is about to be good my fiancé orders the mozzarella bruschetta type cheeseburger with bacon and I ordered the new pasta arrangement it comes out it seems to be misunderstood with with my fiancé order they put a slice of cheddar cheese I want to fly out burger with a bun with no type of sauce and no type of tenderness and I just got a plain old pasta with no type of seasoning child I do not recommend you go open there  turnaroundMy band and I come here most thursdays before rehearsal. We love it unironically. And tonight Shauna D. was our favorite bartender yet. She was funny, hospitable, and charming. And she didn't make fun of us for splitting a bill 4 ways. I would have spit on us. Thanks 'Bees!Great location better then the blvd location everything started good till we got the food we order couple  appertizer n two antries we got the appertizers and only one of the platters the steak was over cooked no garlic bread  then we received the second one 20 min lata   sad 3 stars for the drinkThe service and wait time is usually pretty decent, I've been there a few times now for food and drinks.  It's not the cleanest Applebee's I've been to and the servers let people get a little bit too drunk sometimes, hence the 3 stars.Foods pretty decent nothing special, staff can be a little slow, the bright side is their hours, and drink specials. If you need a place to sit down to eat or a quick hangout its a good spot.My girlfriend and I went there after prom, and I have to say that once again Applebees has satisfied my appetite to it's fullest extent. I am a guy who loves meats. Steak, burgers, or chicken. Applebees makes a flawless effort to deem all of these foods irresistible. The seafood is amazing, and I wanted to make the appetizers the main course, they were so good. I did have to wait a while for the food, but I'd say the wait is worth it. I even loved their strawberry lemonade. I guess the only problem with the store is the wait, so please don't go there if you're expecting "fast" food.Very good place to chill after long day at work. With my Hubby and kids. Love the foodThey have nice specials. I love their Peach Sangria! Food is decent, and they're usually pretty quick when I come on my lunch break and sit at the bar. Only complaint would be off-putting bar tenders. I work in customer service myself, and understand having a bad day, but you'd think having your salary based off tips would make you crack a smile once in awhile instead of looking annoyed by everything.Super clean, parking is not an issue, food is delicious, waiters are friendly... Need I say more? Excellent place to eat and we will definitely be back.Same ol, Same ol. The food was food. The bacon cheddar burger came out cooked great but the fries were salty as hell! The waitress suggested a drink the yummi gummy martini and it was entirely too sweet. And I much as I am a fan of good customer service, she was obnoxious. Sorry, but I don't like to be hovered over or interrupted every 5 minutes. She insisted that my guest go online to rate the restaurant as we were seated and was a little too pushy.So I've been ordering from here using Grubhub for a few months, until one day my food came half eaten. I stopped getting food from here for almost two months. But today I decided to take my son to this location on Castor Ave for dinner. 
  I must say that the service was outstanding. The food came fast, it was fresh and delicious. I am very pleased with the outcome. I will never order from Grubhub again, it's so much better sitting at the booth. 
  Oh and special shout out to the lady that made those wonderful cupcakes for charity. They were good as well, even the one bite I took because I'm diabetic ‍. 
  But thanks again for such a wonderful experience.Had a great time.  Food and customer service was great.  Loved there berry sangria!  Had 2 of them! Its a great place to eat and try to catch up on the latest gossips with an old friend.What can I really say about Applebee's... I'm a fan (some employees at the Center City location know me by name *shrug*), so a good review is not hard to get out of me.
They sent my annual "Happy Birthday, Free Food For You," voucher last week, so Thursday morning, after a particularly sloshed birthday celebration, my brother, my sister, and I took our hungover tooshies to get some grub.
We split an order of boneless buffalo wings, then I went for the chicken fajitas, brother had the chicken penne, and sister had the A-1 Realburger. I was hesitant to taste the penne after the experience I had at Chammps, but, o.m.g. it was good. Everything else was just perfect, as always, but next time, I'm going for the chicken penne.
Side notes: 
1- I am so weak over those Realburger commercials. (They make me want to run screaming up 15th Street and demand as much beef as they can give me as fast as I can shove it into my big, fat mouth.)
2 - A tad annoying that my voucher always specifies the Aramingo location, when 15th Street is within walking distance, but, oh well. 
3-  I think the hiring manager must be a woman, cuz those men/boys in there are BEE-YOO-TEE-FUL. And our waiter was a doll. Wanted to take him home with me. So sweet.Visited this Applebee's with my wife all set to order our usual order of spinach and artichoke dip, double crunched wings, with a side of chicken breast and white rice, when we were greeted by the unpleasant and arrogant manager, Amante Nuualiitia. He says "every other Applebee's has it wrong and he has it right." You can't order that. Even after telling him that we order the same thing at Applebee's all over the east coast and that the menu says opposite, he shrugged his shoulders. Then I asked for the general manager's name and he said "it's on the side of the building." Needless to say "we won't be back here."I've gone here TONS of times and have never had a bad experience. The food is always great and fresh and the service is always quick and friendly. The managers are always present and ask how everything was.
 Theey have a daily drink special, late night happy hour, and a 4-6 happy hour as well.
The only truly bad thing about this establishment is the crowd that comes in here. Nothing like seeing a 15 person party not tip their server and loudly brag about it.I came here with my friend and my 1 year old. 
The person that brought me a high chair brought me a dirty high chair. That was a sign right there to leave but my friend wanted Apple bees and it was her b day weekend so I just wiped away the Mac and cheese and broccoli from the high chair. 
Then the server that was there to take out orders smelled STRONGLY of  cigarettes. VERY STRONGLY of cigarettes. So I kindly told her "I'm sorry you smell like cigarettes " and requested a new server. She walked away VERY kindly with no attitude or anything to get a replacement. 
Then I ordered the chocolate melt down... it came To the table and... looked AMAZING !!!! 
I was ready to dive into it , went to grab my plate and turn it around to the cake and I hit a nice wet surprise under my plate . It was covered in avocado sauce and bbq sauce ... the plate was filthy like they just grabbed it out the sink and wiped only to top of the plate off...they served my cake and ice cream  on a dirty food plate. 
I could not believe it. Disgusting. The manager Marques Brooke (Ques) came over to me and said "they told me to come over is everything ok what happened?" I'm like ... they didn't show you the filthy plate !?! 
His excuse (with sass and an attitude!) was "I like to get straight to the table first " ohhhh ... yes that makes perfectly good sense let me go straight to the customer that just had a bad experience instead of first finding out what the problem was .... . 
He then came back with a 10$ gift card for my NEXT visit as if I'll be coming back & made it seem like he was doing me a favor by removing the chocolate lava melt down from my bill ...I requested to speak to someone above him and he said he could give me his bosses bosses card with her number. I said ok. He came back with an attitude and I asked for his bosses name he first said I could call the store tomorrow to speak with her and I asked her name again and he wrote it down WITH AN ATTITUDE and said she will be in tomorrow. As he walked off an employee said something to him and his response was "I ain't scared " .... Yeah ... needless to say I'm highly disappointed in my experience and will not be returning to this establishment.The waitress was nice very perlite drinks amazing the food presentation was horrible the appetizers ceasar salad was tangy lettuce was black as in dry an not eattable lime chicken looked like someone vommited on my plate i enjoyed my other applebee's on the rooservelt blvdthis is some nasty strong food woarse then a shot uffThis my favorite Applebee's location. I can't imagine going to any other. A friend and I went last night and out of the like 10 other times we have been here last night was less than stellar. Normally when we go the girls are running the bar. I believe her name is Megan but no matter how crowded the bar is she is so attentive and your drinks are always on point. She really is a pro at taking care of the bar and the house ordered drinks. Can't wait to see her again.
Last night Ian was running the bar and it was not good. He was not attentive, the drinks were practically juice and being sent back from the other patrons who were at the bar. We even saw folks walk out and they had arrived right before we were going to leave. People were asking where their drinks were because they had ordered them like 20 minutes ago and the restaurant wasn't crowded either. When he made our drinks he never came back to how it was and if we wanted to order food. I had to flag him down and asks to put a food order in. I asked him for the pretzels that were on the menu and he had no idea what I was talking about when I asked for extra cheese. Our appetizers finally come out. They're good but not once did he check on us. I had to flag him down once again to order my favorite dessert there - Blue Ribbon Brownie. Once we were done I had to flag him down for the check  which he took 20 minutes to print out. At this point I was so pissed I walked around the restaurant to find the manager and asked him to run my card. Ian really needs better training in fact the girls need to train him because so many patrons were disappointed last night because of him.
I'll definitely be back but when the girls are behind the bar.I went today to enjoy a nice dinner with my significant other. First off, the servers looked like they hated being there. At least one of the servers which I recall, Megan, gave better service than those who came with our food and served it to our table with a bitter face and left our table. The appetizers came out at different times and so we waited until all our appetizers came out so we can chow down without feeling bad for each other. My entree was a 6oz steak with mashed potatoes and garlicky green beans. It was overall good except the green beans were bland and somewhat watery. My boyfriend got an 8oz steak with mashed potatoes and fries. It looked as if they gave him a 6oz steak and a leftover piece of steak they had from a previous order because it was burnt as hell and so he did not finish it at all. Then the check came and it seems as if our server put in our order wrong just by a mere dollar but we let it slide and paid for it to leave.What a surprisingly excellent experience! Stopped in to get some grub before grocery shopping, and had a fantastic time. Had low expectations, being a chain restaurant, but this Applebees went above and beyond to satisfy us. Sat at the bar. Bartenders were attentive and kept an excellent balance of conversation and "leave me alone", very well done. The manager checked on us periodically, doing a table touch shortly after our food came out and before we left. Overall, I am very happy with the experience we had here. We will be back before all grocery shopping in the future! Thank you so much.Me encanta este Applebee's La Comida Deliciosa Y Calientes Siempre me Traen Lo Que PidoThere is certainly a difference between going inside and carside To Go. If you head there will low expectations then you'll be fine. 
i've had 3 bad experiences ordering from carside. usually I pull up and wait 5 to 10 minutes for someone to come out to the car to acknowledge me.  One time I actually went inside I waited so long. The food is inconsistent. I've had very good food and on the same menu item overcooked or soggy veggies. 
It is good that they align with Weight Watchers points and have some diet-friendly items to choose from. But that is no different from the national chain.I'd say this place gave me the worst service ever, but if be lying because I actually didn't get served at all. 25 minutes sitting at a table in a half empty restaurant at 8pm on a Monday and I got nothing. Not a hello, a drink, acknowledgment... A manager walked by and a server from another section about six times and not a peep... My boyfriend and I eventually left our complaints with the hostess and walked out... Took a ride to the cherry hill location and was seated, ate and paid in 40 minutes. I will never go back here again.Complete trash of a place.. got spinach dip amd the  jar came  half empty and with busted up chips... had a party of 5 four got there food 1 had to wait another 10 min.. 3 out of 5 orders were wrong..we tried to drown are thoughts of there amazing service in the half price drink specials that were supposed to be served in mucho glasses.. well i guess are server figured its halfprice so we get half the size of glasses.. theres no comparison to the other 1 on aramingo ave do your self a favor and go there not here I seriously felt like punching myself in the face by the time i leftLast night i went to Applebees with my girlfriends from High School ( Mastbaum Class of 04') The service wasnt bad at all, Our waiter was very polite and friendly & we all decided to get the Ultimate Trio . I actually got mozzillara sticks, boneless honey bbq wings and the fried dymantic shrimp. I thought the food was good and it was nice and warm & plus the best part of the night was getting the dessert and of course the drink which was a Mucho Strawberry Mango Rita :)  The 5 of us had the triple meltdown chocolate cake and it was awesome! We all had a smile on our faces Especially since i love Chocolate Cake too :) and we all couldnt believe that no one didnt complian at all about anythingThis poor review is well deserved. Why? Because I've been coming here for two years. The Chicken Parmesan was the worst I've ever eaten. The pasta was a little overcooked and tasteless and covered in a flavorless tomato sauce. How do you manage to make that simple dish tasteless is beyond me. The chicken was in a heavy tasting crust with no flavor whatsoever. Again, how did they manage that? I asked for salt and pepper twice before I got it. I ordered Parmesan cheese in the hope I would improve this disaster. It too had no flavor. I complained to the manager who said she would take it off my check. I declined since I ate everything because I was starving. I will think twice before coming back. Stay away from the 'Italian' menu. No Italian since Columbus ever managed to cook Italian this badly. Believe me. You've been warned!Only reason I'm giving above 1 Star is because our server, Kevin, was PHENOMENAL! Literally too good for this place. The rest of the staff was lazy & downright rude! Not only to us but to our server. I will never step foot in this establishment again & hope that he finds a job worthy of his skills & personality!Sitting here as we speak. Seated fairly quickly. Took the waitress over 10 minutes to come greet us another 10 before she came back to take our order. My pasta tasted like water and my husbands chicken was burnt. She came about 15 minutes after the food came out to refill our drinks and we waited almost 20 minutes before she even came for the check. Beyond ridiculous. Felt bad for the table behind us because she spilled their drinks on their laps. Beyond horrible service. 10 minutes later and we're still waiting for her to bring back our credit card.I don't care if it's COVID and businesses are struggling. I expect at least decent service. Don't get me wrong. The guy who brought me
My phone was professional and nice. But when I got home and my wings were plain instead of honey bbq it's a problem. I called the store and they told me that their receipt said plain. I have two receipts that say otherwise. So there only resolution was for me to drive back and they will replace it. What! I have to waste more gas for their mistake. Disgusting! We all struggling and we supporting your business only to be slapped in the face. The manager should have offered a gift card or for me to come in another time to get what I ordered.I came in and had a 2 hr wait to be serve chicken alfredo and it smell like a dead animal. Worst applebee's in philadelphiaThis place has terrible food and management. Once I was seated, not a single server glanced my way for 10 minutes. A server came over and apologized. Which is fair enough and I proceeded to order. So I got the Applebee's rib primelette. The food came out in a timely fashion. The ribs weren't hot at all but that wasn't even the deal breaker. Maybe the experience wasn't all that bad, until I bit into a cold piece of ribs. There was also this one customer that was obnoxiously loud. I get that around this location is rather ghetto but Applebee's is a chain restaurant. Their standards should be upheld in all of their restaurants. A day in hell would be better, at least my food would actually be hot. All in all, would not recommend.They forgot to put sauce in my pasta and then as I was eating it I found a hair in my food. ew.I have eaten at Applebees throughout the country and not been happy with  most of them.  I am pleased to say that finally I found an Appleebees that meets and exceeds my expectations.  The food was great.  We had just hamburgers but they were served at the right temperature and the service was superb.  My favorite though was the Nachos appetizer.  Perfect!!  Manager stopped by the table and was very nice and helpful.  Way to go Appleebees!!!!This is the closest Applebee's from our house and we decided to come here after a long day of Christmas parties and shopping at the mall. There was a wait, but it is a Saturday evening.
Once we sat down we were greeted by Will. A very nice and professional waiter. He went over the specials and persuaded me to get the $1 cherry Jolly Rancher margarita! Excited to try that. My girlfriend ordered chips and salsa and some buffalo wings as apps. They're great! The chicken could've had a little more sauce on it.
We ordered the 2 for $26 deal. I got the four-cheese mac & cheese with honey pepper chicken tenders, and Alyson got the bourbon street chicken & shrimp. That's both of our go-to's and we love both. Depending on the day/night or batch. It could be better or worse. Most of the time, the entrees are great though! Alyson felt like they had given her less than usual, but it was still delicious.
The $1 jolly rancher drink was not too good unless you like very sweet drinks with hardly any alcohol in it. Not saying it's bad, just not my cup of tea.
I gave this place a 3 out of 5 because it's just a decent place to come. Our waiter, Will, definitely was the best part of the experience. If every waiter in the world was like him, I'd probably enjoy any establishment.First of all, let me start with the lady who brought out my nachos. I asked this bih for some salsa and she gone tell me to try it first. Huh?! Listen how, I've been eating these nachos for a long time and I know how I want to eat them. Go get my damn salsa and let me take my food home. She has to goSo I decided to write this review so you won't think that the last reviewer was a lone wingnut in a sea of contented patrons. I've been here three times. The first time the service and the food was ok. The second time the service was very slow, though the food was ok, so I chalked it up to a busy night. The third time, I came on a Sunday night, starving. I was seated across from a couple near a window. I saw them get their food. The gentleman across from me started mumbling something and making a face. He got a server/manager and complained about large particles of dirt in his salad. The server rushed off to fix whatever was wrong with that guys salad. Meanwhile I"m sitting there waiting, hungry, smelling all the food of everyone else. After at least 5-10 minutes of waiting, I decide to start the clock. My rule of thumb is, if they seat you and don't say anything/don't take an order within 5 minutes, its time to walk out. Sure enough, 6 minutes pass, no service. Not one person that even came by and said "Hey sorry, we've been slammed. Can you hold on a minute and I'll take your order". No one offered to get me even water. Finally I walked out pissed. As I reached the door, the person in charge of seating says "Leaving already? I said yes, no one gave me any service. Then and ONLY then did someone offer to take my order". At that point I was so pissed I just left. Instead I went to a nearby Subway. The owner of that establishment was grateful for my business and processed my order in a timely fashion. And I didn't have to tip for crappy service.
Never again. Avoid like the plague.So tonight we get to this location at 9:29PM only to find the doors locked and a sign on the door saying Closed for one hour for maintenance... Yet there was a bar full of patrons who were eating and drinking inside. We're at the other Applebee's now on 2501 Aramingo and told them what we experienced. The bartender said she now understands why they suddenly had a huge influx of customers and that Castor Ave was wrong for that and it's against corporate policy.I ordered the chicken garlic wing combo. Everything was mediocre. The chicken wings were fair. The quesodea was ok. The artichoke dip didn't have any discernible artichoke!  I won't return.Service lousy! The food is typical Applebee's! I been here several times & my food has come out cold. No lie cold!! If you love Applebee's food the one in Fishtown is a mile away from this one. The service here comes with no smile & a lot of eye rolling at customers.The food came out on time. It didn't look fresh and the salad had way top much dressing. I was embarrassed I brought my family here. What do you expect it's Applebee's.Went back here during Covid take out procedures and it's AWFUL. I've been so patient with food take out during the pandemic but Applebee's really messed this all up. Ordered online and was told to pick up in 20 minutes. Wait outside for 45 minutes with a SWARM OF PEOPLE at the front door, call and my order can't be found. Speak to Louis the manager and cancel the order who never once apologizes and can give me no answer about my refund time. Do not go here unless you want to not eat and get covid by standing in an unorganized mess of people in the parking lot.Usually our go to Restaurant, Menu is Decent and Prices aren't bad. We've Never had a Bad experience here, but tonight was Absolutely terrible. We were Sitting for an Hour and a Half, we only Received drinks and Apps. We Only seen our Waiter twice. 
We got Up, offered to Pay for what was brought to us so we could Leave. The Manager was Professional, Kind and Understanding. He Comp'd the whole Meal. 
Unfortunately, we Probably won't return.It's a good place to get a quick lunch or dinner.  I'd say that 'Fridays' offers a bit better menu, but Applebee's is never a bad place to eat.Ordered 4 cheese mac and cheese with chicken fingers to go and it was HORRIBLE. There was sugar in the MAC and cheese and the chicken fingers were more like nuggetsThis review is a visit for myself and fiance's anniversary dinner in January. We were broke and still wanted to celebrate so don't hate. Aha.  Forget our total because I had a $25 giftcard from Christmas, but, service and product was good as usual even seated at the bar. This chain never disappoints.This is a block from my job so it's very convenient. I usually get the 2 for $20 with co-workers. I have tried to call ahead to save time to arrive and someone has lost our order. So you have to order then sit there. I've eaten there a few times at lunch. It is always empty so we're quickly seated. One time the service was horrible and another superb. It's so inconsistent, hit or miss. The one time that my order was not forgotten over the phone I went directly to the to go side to pay for my order. Someone that looked like a manager (not wearing the usually apron or shirt servers wear but black pants and shirt) was on the phone on a personal call. Didn't stop his call and totally ignored me. One of the servers took pity on me and checked me out but whispered to not disturb the call. WTH!My biggest complain is that the food wasn't fresh or at least didn't taste like fresh. I had the steak with portobello mushroom and the potatoes tasted like they were kept in the fridge for weeks. My wife's pepper steak also was not very good. Side dishes (spinach and mashed potato) seemed preprepared/reheaten. Even the sirloin itself wasn't tasty. I'm giving two stars because at least I was well attended. It is a shame because the location is great and the menu seems well chosen.OK, as many of you know I loathe chain restaurants, but I tried (I really did) to keep an open mind when a colleague of mine - who likes it here - wanted to have lunch here.  (She also graciously paid for lunch - and she is a good friend.)
After our server took our orders she quickly brought drinks and water.  The Philly-tap water tasted just awful.  So I drank my diet coke and kept quiet.  (I am a big water drinker and had a bottle of brita-ized water with me.)
We passed on the 2 for 20 deal and both got salads. I had the Shrimp/Avocado salad and the salad, was really not good.  Strangely enough the lettuce was just fine, but the shrimp were so oversalted/seasoned.  Also the avocado had obviously been chunked much earlier in the day as it was brown and slightly dried out.  Eew.
And thank god I got the gloppy green avo-based dressing on the side.  It was awful.
Thus, my faith in Applebee's has yet to be restored.
Next time I'll go to Shiroi Hana across the street.  What possesed me?  Oh yeah - a colleague wanted to come here.Pretzel appetizer was disappointing  :(   too many seasonings going on at one time
The berry sangria is tasty but loaded with ice so I am not sure how much beverage I actually had!
The waitress was excellent!It's alright if you're not expecting much.  I do love the half off appetizers, though. You can't go wrong with nachos for about 4 bucks.
The service is hit or miss.  Sometimes you get really good service and sometimes it falls flat.  
All in all, it's okay.  Not the best but also not the worst.  If you keep an open mind about it, it's not too bad.  Be aware though; a lot of college kids tend to go here so be ready to see someone you know.Being somewhat skeptical of chain restaurants in general, particularly in a city where there are thousands of independently owned and managed restaurants and cafes, you'd be hard pressed to find me at a chain restaurant EVER, unless it's really something special.
Applebees...is not. Don't bother. Seriously. Check out Good Dog, Misconduct Tavern, or Monk's instead.Stopped by ,five of us ,on a Sunday night .crowded ,waited for a table ..that's understandable..food is okay ,with a few shining stars on the menu ..chicken won ton tacos appetizers are really good .  The burgers were okay ,kids loved them.some stuff is annoying ,asked for well done burger for myself ,it was still pink.ick.big ick for me ...
also waitress forgot our appetizers ..we were eating them with our meals ..
also the check was brought out Yo settle before we received our orders of desserts ..we get it ,we are hurrying !
nice waitress even with the blips..
expensive fair food though ...Let's start with food.  Definitely disappointed, but not surprised... Applebee's food just isn't Chili's grade.  Ordered the half-rack ribs, mashed potatoes and cole slow.  Ribs were from a miniature pig (size of my palm), not to mention a little tough around the edges.  Lots of bone, not much meat.  Cole slaw tasted like something out of the box.  No sweet flavor to it, very garden-ish.  Definitely not southern.  This is not the south, so I guess I can't hold that against them.
Customer service is pretty good.  Staff is friendly, but not very natural.  Even the server "small talk" seemed scripted and fake.  Natural or not, the server was still very nice, very timely and frequently asked if I needed anything.  Could get a sense that the server crew enjoyed their jobs and worked well together.
After only taking seconds to eat the small half-rack of ribs, I asked the server if I could get the other half, with no additional sides, and pay for the full rack, .  For some reason, that was not an option, saying "I'll have to charge you for another half-rack." (pointing to the point-of-sale computer.  Now last time I checked, two halves equal a full.  Unless they are ripping off people with the size of a full rack.  Apparently two halves don't make a whole at Applebee's -- fuzzy math.
For casual dining, I still think other brands far exceed what Applebee's offers.  Although this location was in walking distance to my hotel, I'll not return.Bathroom looked like a combination of a war zone and a college bar, really disgusting. Service was OK, manager was nice, food was what you would expect - OK.I wish they will go away and let another restaurant more deserving of the historical bookbinders building occupy the location.Now I don't expect a lot from a chain like Applebee's, however I do expect courteous hosts and professional wait staff. All I can say is stay away!!! Waited 10 minutes to put my name in....but wait had to remind the hostess to take it.....staff looked unkempt and spoke unprofessionally. Walked right out! Applebee's corporate office should take a long hard look at this location and revamp!well what can i say about applebees? its applebees...this one just gives a damn about its customers. i ordered my food and the waiter put in the wrong order. i dont mind this since it was 8pm on friday night. so i took the food- yummy either way!!!!--- apperently he overheard me drooling over the maple butter blondie so he brought me one!!1 free of charge for the eariler mix up. that kind of sentiment will always keep me loyal to APPLEBEES!!!!it's a chain..that being said it still should be worth a trip and a bill of almost fifty smackers for three...soup is always good , burgers are fine...had the chicken taco wonton appetizer twice..and good but different each visit...odd..
last visits server was a nice guy...they all seem a bit too "happy "though.
celebrating a birthday here gets you an ice cream thingy with chocolate ,and an in your face clapping song.Stopped by while in town and it happened that Thursday was Karaoke night. Really cool, young crowd. I'd go again for the drinks and the karaoke.I'm sorry, I can't help but love these chain restaurants. I'm not sure if their menu qualifies as such, but I find their food comforting, so I call them "comfort food." I like the salads, their seafood dishes, and their burgers. You REALLY have to kill the quality for me to hate it because I don't set the tier high when I visit chain restaurants. Just satisfy my cravings and give it to me in a reasonable time and I'm totally cool.
This place hasn't disappointed me so far, but it also isn't OMG excellent so I think 4 stars would suffice.How do I start? Overcooked steak, ok drinks, food smells like a fart... waitress Chay was excellent, so I can't blame anything on her. Warning- if you go here and no one is here, there's a reason! This is a last resort place. Go to Good Dog or Max Brenner across the street.EW. Food was cold and gross. Servers were unfriendly, discussing issues between employees right in front of the customers, and very unprofessional.The food seems to be pre-packaged and warmed up like a frozen dinner.  If I wanted a frozen dinner, I'd buy one.  The reason I feel like this is pretty accurate is because when I have asked for parts to be left out I am always told that that is not possible because it is all made "together" and that just seems a little fishy to me.  I know that other chain restaurants do make their ingredients as fresh as possible and so I try to go places where I CAN get things removed from my salad or meal.  I am just not digging a place where they tell ME how I want my meal and what I can and cannot have.  FAIL.Although it's very busy on a Saturday afternoon, this is not one of the better Applebee's.   My wife's steak was overcooked twice.  The last time she ate it because she was starving. The desserts were too sweet and the service was marginal.  There are better choices downtown.Our server was great, but we were seated right by the kitchen where there is a terrible smell. I had the homey bbq boneless wings which were great, but my main entree had no taste. I also ordered the new blackberry sangria and it tasted horrible - don't waste your money on it. The chocolate dessert with ice cream we had was good, too. I don't think I'll be back here.Applebee's, Applebee's...
I thought this place was OK before but I honestly don't know what I was thinking. I didn't get rude customer service but I didn't really like my food at all.
I ordered the cajun shrimp pasta and I recommend you NOT to get this.
The BF got the French dip sliders and they're okay.
The soups were way too salty-- we tried the tomato basil and the french onion.https://www.google.com/amp/www2.philly.com/philly/health/special_reports/clean-plates/philadelphia-restaurant-inspections-health-clean-plates-20180918.html%3FoutputType%3Damp
I really don't expect this from Applebee's. Significant health violations.I came here with a friend, he ordered an entree I just asked for an appetizer. My appetizer ended up being sent to another table, the waitress came and told me she would see what she could do. By the time my friend are his entire meal, I finally got the appetizer. The waitress did not seem to care much, she did not even apologize for the wait. I was not trying to make a big deal of it, nor was I trying to be stingy but when she brought the bill I was charged full price for an appetizer I ordered and had to eat after my friend had already finished their food. Having worked in a similar position, if this were to happen to one of my guest I would do my best to offer an additional menu item of speak with a manager to see if the person could get either a refund or a coupon for a future visit. When I couldn't hold it in anymore and began to complain to the waitress about the poor service she simply explained to me why it wasn't her fault. I will never set foot in this place because I just cannot deal with the lack of professionalism. I should've asked for manager but was so upset I just wanted to leave.Its too dark for starters. The waitress I had was rude and she didn't attend to my table often. When it came to the check I already decided it was no tip for her but to my surprise there was the $7 tip.
She also told me I could fit a whole bowl of pasta into a small container. This bowl was huge! The food was okay but it was service.Food was good, waitress was friendly but not very good. Both our drinks were empty and she didn't ask if we wanted a refill. She asked if we wanted dessert when I was only half way done with my lunch, then she asked if we wanted the check, I said "yes" and continued eating. When we got the change, we were shorted by 60¢. I ended up having to give her a 20% tip because I didn't have any singles and the change she gave me were three $5's and one $1 so I'm dropping my rating from 3 to 2 stars.  There's so many better places to eat lunch at in Center City.I know, I know - chain restaurants!! I usually only visit them when in my hometown (because that's all there is), but some friends got it in their heads that it would be fun to order fruity drinks and save a few bucks doing the "Two for Twenty" deal.
Did we have buyers remorse? Yes. Indigestion? Most likely. A good time? Definitely.
Upon hearing where we'd be dining, my husband said, "There's an Applebees in Center City?" 
We went into the evening with low expectations for food and service, but to our pleasant surprise, the service was actually great. The food, however, was not. 
If you live in Philly, then you expect superior quality when it comes to food. You know Applebees will not deliver. However, for those who hail from cities where chain restaurants are the norm, then this place is a safe choice when it comes to dining. Perhaps that's why it exists.I would give minus rating to the hole! Worst place I've eaten in 20 years. We had a few kids and thought it would be ok. Everything anyone ordered was put down at one time. Soup with no broth, terrible service, ends with stem on sandwiches, never given knives and when we asked we were give what a butcher might use! This place is just awful!! AWFUL!!One of the best ones in Philly,kind of fast and their food is always hot...also very good service! They get 4 stars because it is just applebees but their wait staff has earned it I usually get waitress's with pissy little attitudes then we have to ask for another waiter or snubb em on the tip and I hate to do that but y I should I give a tip when your giving me tude for no reason but this applbees great staff.Came here for happy hour on cinco de mayo with friends. Workers honestly seemed annoyed at us and rude. We asked them multiple times if they were mad at us. Don't know if I would return.I am in love with Applebee's! This one has great service. The hostess was inviting and the server took care of my friend and I. Half off appetizers after 9 and Long Island specials on Fridays. I'd highly recommend this place to anyone considering a place to eat at in the area.My fiance decided to take us out to dinner ( around  9-ish) 3 weeks ago and I'm already looking forward to going again. 
It was my first visit and I didn't know what to expect from the chain,but, it was well worth it. We got burgers (bacon and quesadilla) with onion rings to share, all fantabulous. Their appetizers are huge and we actually had like half a container to take home with us.
The drinks are actually strong and well priced. We enjoyed the shit out of our "Perfect Margaritas". 
Service was friendly and quick.My last review of the night goes to the absoultely worst place in centre city Philadelphia. If you know me, you know i absoultely HATE to give out one star rates but this place was gosh awfull ! It was my birthday weekend and my south Philly girls wanted to take me out for a few drinks and some tasteflul food. where do i even start with this restaurent... Terrible ! Gross!  Sticky! They have the secret recipe for disaster. First of all the crew and i walk in and are immediately greeted by the hostess and sat down quickly. all is well! it immedeiatly goes downhil from there. We waited for nearly 30 minutes until our waitress came to ask for our drinks! Yes it took that long I am not exagertating!! We were wainting for so long we told her we want to order with the drinks. Love my gals we all shared some appertizers and had some sangritas! anyway let me tell you about the place. Filth... the place was filled with food all over the floor and the place was noteven that buzy!! come on now applebee. Out sharing plates were still dripping wet with dirty dishwater, yucko clean up! i took a pic i will ad. When our food did come the waitres SPILLED all my chips on the table and on the floor. She did get moe chips for me but where is training?  That was the last time we saw her. never filed our water . I also got the chicken three cheese cavatoppy. Decent at best. I feel bad because she must have been knew and probly had little to no training. Thank the heaven that the drinks were good and strong. Only thing that didnt ruin our little girl night out! Will not be returning to this applebees! you shoudlnt either..
Talk to you soon Yelp, lots of love!!- Fran xoSo I was looking for a place close to my work to grab a quick bite to eat. I was in the mood for pasta (I know there are a few good places around there) that would not cost an arm an a leg (and yes, that is the kicker). I settled on Applebee's pick two lunch special. 
I ended up ordering the 3 cheese chicken penne pasta and the broccoli Cheddar soup. The broccoli and Cheddar soup was actually quite good. Unfortunately, it was the tiniest of portions. 
However, the pasta was just awful. There was hardly any alfredo sauce on it at all. The chicken was almost inedible. It had flecks of black "char" on it. However, the char was terribly, terribly bitter. I am not really confident that it was char at all. I would not be surprised if it was really just a bit of ash scooped up and sprinkled on the chicken. :p There was not really grill mark patterns to the char. 
Adding insult to injury, prices "start at $5.99", but nothing on the website indicates what, if anything, bumps up the price. I ended up paying over $8, including taxes for this tiny, unsatisfying meal.Actually the worst service in all of philadelphia I could've scavenged food from dumpsters like a raccoon for faster and better qualityThis place is seriously less than one star. I have been here plenty of times due to location but always leave unsatisfied. I have recieved undercooked cold chicken , overpriced small appetizers, nonappetizing burgers ect. Anyone that gives two or more stars is niave or ignorant. There is never a wait here take that as a clue, they hardly clean bathrooms or bar its disgusting!!!!Bourbon Street Steak was pretty good. However it was way to loud in there I couldn't wait to leave. Good service.The green bean crispers and triple hog sandwich are both awesome and really good deals for the price!I've unfortunately had the pleasure of eating here on two separate occasions and both experiences were bad. When you first enter the restaurant you are greeted by the most unfriendly hostesses. Also, the food is slow to come out and is luke warm at best. On our last visit not only did a member of our party not receive their meal, but another received someone else's meal which happened to contain some pieces of cardboard. Unfortunately, our server was too busy chatting with his comrades to notice or care. Needless to say we asked another server for our check and left. Avoid this Applebees at all costs!!!The best food. And to me very inexpensive! Try the steak/parmigiana shrimp combo. It's the best! Drinks are to die for! I eat here at least once a week. Nice setting rather it's single, couple, family, work or play. They all work here. Kitchen staff are on point. The Waite staff gets the food out in a reasonable time, while you sip on a delicious cocktail. I strongly recommend this spot. You can tell the any poppin' place by the crowd. Even during the week, it's a nice crowd. During the end of the week/weekend, a short wait. The operative word is,"short".Our waitress, kept forgetting our food. She was not attentive at all, we sat for 15min for mayo for our burgers, by the time she came back the fries was so cold. She brought out the wrong order twice. Another server brought a hot plate of food out for my one year old to eat!! Who gives toddlers hot food?!! I will never go to another applebees location in my life.You truly have to appreciate the great food Apple  bees  provides.  A flavorful 4oz steak,spinach and artichoke dip,asparagus,mash potatoes,and meatball appetizers. It was a great meal for me and my fiance. Thanks apples bees !Stopped in for a late night dinner with couple other friends. Haven't been here for a very long time because the food here is not good compare to other restaurants in the area. Food is still bad. The manager on duty is rude. If you don't want to sound too much money on food in the area, skip Applebee's, try Ruby Tuesday at 17th and chestnut.Time for a more recent trip and it's still gravy.
Went here for late lunch/early dinner during a Friday afternoon with an old friend of mine a couple weeks ago. 
I got the Take 2 with the steak & the wedge salad while she ordered the cajun shrimp pasta. I also got a Coronarita. 
Both of our entrees were great and my drink was huge.  Literally a goblet. The potatoes that came with the steak were excellent. Really would love to know what the sauce/seasoning was. All-in-all, our bill came came to about $34+tip. Service was fine as always.First ones in and the only ones around and the sever never came around after our food was dropped. The quality of the food was nothing close to what was pictured. I even had to yell across the restaurant for another drink and her response while on her phone was "I forgot I y'all were here. Oops!" I haven't been to a Applebee's in 3 years and was excited to try your food based on the pictures seen, I will not be returning to your establishment.#Applebee's- the crumbiest restaurant in existence.  Patrick, our server, tried hard, but it couldn't make up for it.  I was embarrassed having suggested it to my colleagues for lunch. 
As far as the food that I had, the lunch combo was a half roast beef sandwich with onions and cheese. It came with a mixed greens salad.  The salad did not taste fresh, was clearly from an industrial bag of greens that they opened a month ago. The half sandwich was so amazing greasy *and* almost only salt.  
Do yourself a favor and head elsewhere.Was staying at the Le Meridien and the guys at the front desk recommended some pub across the street from Applebees.  Well the pub was super busy, I had just flown from SNA-PHL and we decided to walk in the cold to the pub.  
Fast forward a few minutes and we're over at the Applebees.  20 minute wait unless we wanted to eat in the bar area.  Bar area we went.  Over a water and crispy tacos for me and a soda and bbq chicken sandwich for him, we caught up about everything.
Service was pretty good for the bar area.  
Really loud TVs and patrons. Blah.  Not that I was expecting anything different, but seriously, I couldn't hear my fellow diner talk to me.
I don't have a reason to go back, but it is a decent place to grab a quick bite to eat.I'll be upfront, I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants, especially in a city known for its eateries. However, I was given a few gift cards to the place and decided to use them a few times. That said, what can I add about an assembly line? Quality was consistent, as I expected, wait time was typical for an eatery and considering the location, the staff were quite good. 
   On two visits the place was not busy but it still took the server several passes to notice my beverage was empty. I haven't had any of the alcohol beverages here so I can not comment on them. Overall, expect typical chain restaurant food but for the price there are so many better choices in the area.I like the TV audio remotes at the bar. If you don't like what you are watching you can change stations, increase or lower the volume yourself.  And listen to something else than the group next to you.  
They have good specials, particularly after 9pm when they have a cheap apps menu for the bar. However I stopped getting my lunch takeout here because of the automatic gratuity added. If I want to be generous I'll give a tip. The food is sort of plain and I believe the automatic grat has the potential to only detract from the urgency of the service.Seating was fast and the staff was honestly super friendly from the start. We came on Saturday night and it didn't look busy at all. Once we were seated our server informed us that there was no clean silverware for whatever reason so we had to eat with plastic forks and knives of what I'm guessing was part of the "to-go" utensils. Once we ordered and received our food we noticed that the plate that had preserved sweet potato fries instead of regular fries had about 14 fries while my friends that ordered regular fries got a decent portion of fries.  The serving size of that grilled lemon chicken was terrible and not worth the money. Given that this is chain restaurant I expect more of it. Joseph our waiter was super friendly, outgoing and just overall good vibes and was quick to fix the fries issue, I know the things that we really dislike was not his fault. The staff and our server are the only reasons I didn't give this Applebee's 1 star.This is the worst Applebees I've ever been too. Shitty, slow service and food is not up to par. I prefer Applebees on City Avenue any day over this place!I don't like that nobody was there when we showed up. If we had paid online, we would have to wait for the longest time! Also the waiters were just standing around looking at us and not offering us seats at the restaurant!!! The place was sooooooooooooo dirty and not fit for food consumption. We left and went to the Cheesecake Factory!Me and my wife came here for dinner last Friday. Unfortunately we receive horrible service, the managers were very rude when we told them our food was cold. The drinks were not great. I think I will stick to my Applebee's instead of this one.Maybe I came on a good day...
I felt like the service was very friendly. The hostess was attentive and the manager even came around to every table to ensure that everything was fine.
2 for $20 and an appetizer was the reason why we stepped in. I mean c'mon that's a great deal.
Boyfriend got the Fiesta Lime Chicken. I got the 7oz sirloin cooked medium rare. My sirloin came out great and tender. The mashed potatoes were also fine. Boyfriend's food was okay but I preferred my sirloin.
For the appetizer, we settled with the boneless buffalo wings (mild)... It tasted good for a while, until I started eating more. I guess I'm not a fan of boneless buffalo wings. It's just not the same. Although it was mild, it was pretty spicy...
Aside from that, I didn't find Applebee's to be anything special. The decor was interesting, but not really eye-catching. Maybe the atmosphere just made me sleepy.. Aside from the dimmed light above us, there were two flat screened television sets that shown light.
Now awful, but not amazing either. 2 for $20 deal anyone?!I've only been here for drinks and I probably won't be back. If you can mess up a drink as easy as a margarita, then the food probably isn't worth the effort.
I also don't understand how they don't have regular happy hour (5-7) specials. They only have an annoying late night happy hour or daily drink specials. Sometimes I just want a cheap beer, but now I know to look elsewhere. 
Not a fan.My first time in Applebee's and it was a disaster. I went with a friend to have dinner. When we arrived around 5:30, they were still doing the shift change so it was a bit slow to sit down, but understandable. From there, everything started to go downhill. The waitress who took our order was not very knowledgeable of the menu and couldn't get our order right. We asked for water and came in 10 mins after we order. When they brought the food, both my friend's and mine were incomplete and when we asked the waitress for an explanation it took her 2 mins to realize what was going on. She was definitely lost. Finally, when we received our check, there was an extra charge for playing a game in tablets they have on the table that we didn't play. 
Overall a big disappointment.Your experience really depends on what time you go! I went on a casual date with my boyfriend before he headed off on a very long business trip, so I wanted something kind of quiet so we could talk and enjoy each other's company. We went around 10 on a Saturday night. It was nice, quiet, empty and they had an awesome promotion! Past 9pm you can get half priced apps, ALWAYS go there for that if you can! Honestly makes it worth it because you pay less, and with the promotion, the price matches with the quality well! We ordered the wonton tacos, salsa verde beef nachos, sweet potato fries, and the boneless wings. Awesome value! It was $25 for everything including the $4 Red Apple Sangria, my favorite drink there. All the food came out fairly quickly and was delicious. My boyfriend especially loved the nachos. The chips were crunchy and plenty of toppings. Tacos were crisp and delicious. Fries were awesome with the various dipping sauces. The wings however were mediocre, like all cheap wings, but you get a lot. The restrooms were really gross though, watch out for that.
All in all, would recommend for the half price apps but only late at night.Horrible horrible service, they servers me rotten chicken and when I addressed the issue the manager Terry tells me well it's not rotten we sold a bunch of them all night. I was not even asked if I wanted something else to eat until I flagged down the server to say I still wanted food. He was extremely rude and it has been the worst experience I have ever had from this restaurant chain ever! If I could give this place no stars I would. I will never come here again and I will strongly recommend anyone looking for someplace to eat to go some place else unless the want terrible service and to get sick from rotten food!Very POOR SERVICE from our server CHRISSIE. Took for every to approach us and take our drinks and then the lady act as if she didn't want to take our food orders! I had to remind her when she started to walk away can I also order food! The jack and Pepsi beverage was FLAT!! Horrible all the way around and highly upset. Smhtheir promotion 2 entrée for $20 is manageable for a college student. Their portions are really filling. Got Cajun shrimp pasta and the portions are large and I had to take some back home. The pasta was seasoned well but their shrimps were a little on the salty side. Their desserts are amazing. I love their dessert shooters and usually get all three :] The only thing I would complain about is that their music selection is a little weird and their bathroom are not labeled on the doors so it felt weird opening the doors. lol.I am an Applebee's fan and pretty much rely on the after-9 1/2-off apps menu on a weekly basis. 
Get the boneless wings. Do not give yourself or your waiter any chance to think. Just get seated, and immediately order the boneless wings before the waiter can even hand out a menu. 
The other options are pretty standard fare and nothing too shabby but not at all bad either. My friends enjoy many of the lemonades, shakes, etc.. The chocolate meltdown cake for dessert is definitely a great pick, but again, don't waste your time, just get the boneless wings. So good and very filling. 
I give this specific one four stars because in three visits, I have only had amazing waiters. Cheldon and whoever the last guy was gave me very memorable waiting performances. They should get a button or some swag for their valiant efforts. 
Random tidbit: they really have the perfect music volume here compared to any other place I have been. It is played at the perfect volume to hear both it and your fellow foodies perfectly. In fact, music seems to be an oft-talked about topic at this because of this perfectly equalized volume.Sticky floors and seats.
Best for the college crowds.
Good for junk food.
That's all I have to say. 
Food and servicce was mediocre.
But if you craving it, be my guest.Every other Friday I get to leave an hour early since I have 9 hour days. This Friday I opted for a quick pop in to "your neighborhood bar + grill." I'm a fanatic for finger foods and all things nachos, so when I saw the taco topped queso, I was sold! Then $1 drinks to kick off my weekend?...HELL YES! ( well more like heck yeah since I'm a light weight & left half the drink still there. Lol) But let's not celebrate too hastily! It didn't take long for my food to come out but the taco meat...sweet Jesus why wouldn't they drain the grease? Don't they know grease don't mix with cheese? It was still good though. The chips weren't stale but there were more broken pieces than full chips. Ashley the server at the bar was pleasant and seemed to know her regulars and cater to them more than mere off the streeters like myself. The drink was tasty to me, although some say they are watered down. There weren't many people in there so there wasn't a lot of rowdy background noise. Enjoyable 3 pm lunch.I ordered online they said the food would be ready by 9:50 I got there at 10:00 and had to wait till 10:40. When they finally gave me my food it was cold And extremely disgustingThe food was mediocre, and when it finally reached our table, it was lukewarm. The dish that I had, hardly had flavor. It looked nothing like tha picture advertise in the menu.  I guess I was expecting a lil bit more since I have wanted Applebee's for the last 3 months now. My waiter seemed a lil overwhelmed because he had several tables to attend to.Went out with friends late one night. We sat at the bar and had appetizers, they were good. The bar tender had great customer service, he checked on us in a proper manner making sure our food and drinks were good.Ordered the food and it was 1.5 hours past the original time. This is twice this has happened so won't be ordering from here again. Also both times food order was incorrect and very cold.This Applebee's was the worst one my sister and I have ever been to. We were here from out of town and decided to stop in here for a meal. I asked numerous times for lemons for my water, what I ordered wasn't on the menu anymore so they brought me what they decided to. My sister asked for a chicken pasta dish but without chicken because she only wanted the pasta. When it arrived, they failed to put sauce on it, so  it was barely moist. She complained and then they gave her room temperature sauce as if it came right out of a can. My salad never came. Need I say more? Avoid this location!!!To begin, this was the worst meal I have ever had in my life. So, I ordered an Applebee's favorite, the four cheese Mac and cheese with honey peppered chicken tenders topped with bacon. 
First of, the bacon was nonexistent. There was no bacon on top of my Mac and cheese or my tenders. Secondly, the Mac and cheese was a soup, I could have ate that with a spoon. 
Thirdly, there were not four cheeses in the Mac and cheese, there was only one. Finally, i asked for ranch on the side and it was spilling over my meal when my food got here. 
All in all, this was a waste of my time and money, the food was not good at all. I should have went to Friday's.
Glen Almon. March 21, 2019Worst Applebee's I've ever eaten at. ALL the food we ordered was cold and hard. My meal certainly had very little taste, I felt like I was eating a leather shoe! Our waitress also had no clue what she was doing. Any question we asked was replied with a "ummm" or "I don't know". She seemed half asleep. I will certainly never go back to this applebees...Came in on a Monday night. Just your average Applebee's. Subpar food with subpar portions yet more than generous amounts of calories. Our waitress Jordan was super nice/sweet though. The $1 margaritas are not worth it. Mostly syrupy, no tequila at all really.My friends and I have beenn coming too Applebee's for regular biweekly hangouts. Applebee's is the perfect place for a casual night with friends. Their regular 1 dollar drinks and specials for entrees are very much somehting to look forward to. You will leave this place entirely full and satisfied with more food to take home, all for a very affordable price. The staff is fantastic, and we will keep coming regardless of occasion.This is absolutely the most horrible restaurant I've ever eaten from. I came in today and the service was trash. Me and my friend did the 2 for 26 deal. We both got the steak. That steak was soooo nasty and dry. I also got mashed potatoes n string beans. The mashed potatoes were okay but the string beans were horrible as well. My appetizers were trash too. The drinks were the only good things. I do not recommend eating at this restaurant. I honestly didn't even want to pay for my food I didn't even finish my food I barely touched it. This place is hyped up and a big waste of moneyService was a 2 out of 10. The food was terrible. My kids didnt even want to eat it. Total dissapointment  overall!I ordered online for curbside takeout.  First they said it will be ready at 12:15pm, we were there on time and had to wait an additional 30 minutes.  When we started to eat, the steak was pink and we asked for well done.  The coleslaw was dry with no sauce.  The only thing good was the ribs so I gave them a 2 instead of a 1.I took a group of 30 Fifth graders with only a couple hours warning. The management team and staff were great, friendly and accommodating. There are not many places in the city to take a big group of kids and for a reasonable price.This Applebee's is a traditional hangout for me and my girls and every time we come the experience just gets better and better. The first my friend was really excited for the chocolate triple meltdown and left really upset because it didn't slap like it used to. In our most recent experience, we had Aaron as our server and he was PHENOMENAL! He waited on us hand and foot and was just really patient and attentive to our table. If we continue this tradition I'll be back for Aaron.The food was on par with what I usually expect. We went in for late night happy hour to get the half priced apps and the $1 drinks. However, I would not recommend the January drink the Frostbite it taste like nothing but it supposed to be pina colada and pineapple.Eric and Steve was the best!!!
So it wasn't in the plans to come here last night however, due to a very unsettling experience at another restaurant (I won't name)- we ended up coming here to watch the fight. Since there are so many other places to choose from on this strip, tonight wasn't as packed as I'm sure it could've been. 
When I walked in, I automatically walked up to the bartender (Eric) and asked him if he could turn to the fight. At first he didn't know which network it was on but was super diligent in making an effort to find out the channel. Once we sat down, I ordered a Pino Gregio and my friend ordered a sangria. Upon sitting at the bar we were greeted by Steve who poured our drinks and entertained us while we were there. 
A small gesture such as turning to a sporting event made all the difference because we just walked out of another restaurant that actually promised to turn to the fight but catered to a different crowd once we were there. These gentlemen made our experience well worth it. 
Steve and Eric- you rock!!!!HORRIBLE ! I'm going to corporate about my experience ! 
Got there around 9:40pm . Kelly Was our server . Girlfriend was either High or REALLY high .  We ordered our drinks , 10 minutes later , got them ( 2 cokes )  ordered our food , 23 minutes got it ..  Boone's wings were Hard , never got a refill , The table that came after us got their STEAKS BEFORE US ! The Manager was too busy Watching the game to even notice the horrible service ! Never Again !Terrible place never again will I come to this establishment. The waiter jared forgot about our drinks, appetizers, and entre. Informed him and he kept saying I will get that for you and never returned. Service terrible food was warm.  The bourbon chicken and shrimp cake out warm but they had it on a skillet that wasn't sizzling, what was the point of the skillet.Applebee's is consistent, and I appreciate that. The food is always good, the service is always friendly.
I had the spicy orange glazed salmon. It was delicious.I don't even really know what to say except I had to go here for someone's birthday and it was everything I thought it would be: crumbs on the vinyl booth benches and all over the floor, tons of signage yelling at you from every direction, oddly-cramped dining area that I think is intended to make you feel comfy (or at least make you feel like not moving, an effect that pairs nicely with the meal you consume), and a menu that sounds like a combination of food dares (provolone-stuffed meatballs!) and food jokes (riblet basket).
I have to say, though--the table tops were shiny clean and the servers were actually really good.Been here a bunch of times. Service and food are good, however was double charged .  Management was zero help. Gave me THEIR vendors number to call to resolve.  Who does that?  My bank says Applebee's double charged me.  I need to call their vendor?  That is the WORST response that I have ever heardWorst place I've ever been too! Food sucks customer service is nonexistent! Food came out cold was sent back to me from microwave still awful! Everything's from the freezer cheap at its finest!The chain has gone down over the years. All it is now is low quality food and watered down drinks. This location was ok, I was seated within 5 minutes for walking in the door. Our server was Jamil he was nice but very slow, I understand that the bartender makes the drinks but I also understand that the server must first place the order. He took extra time placing the order which made the wait longer. He was friendly but at times overly friendly. Chains have to do better.The sangria's are sad today I don't know who bar tending but between their sad ass drinks and the waitresses non friendly approach to her job I hope the food tonight makes up for the fails that I am encountering thus far. Not to mention so far looking at the table top bill they are attempting to charge me for two soft drinks I clearly didn't order foh with that shit. This will be a evening of the No Tip For You.
And omg the food first time around made me want to get up and just walk out. They cooked the food wrong even after taking the order and the potatoes were drowning in salt in which the manager says oh that's how we season them you should've asked for no salt "really" like I knew they would be bathed in it. I will say after unfortunately complaining they did get things correct but still makes me feel this is no longer the Applebee's for me.Went here for a 2nd time back in November with my sister and her boyfriend. 
Food was good. They actually have an alright french onion soup. Got the steakhouse brushetta sirloin as my entree which was actually really good and cooked medium-rare like I asked. Beer was cold and my Fireball lemondade was strong plus a decent size. 
No service issues or WTF moments this time around. Looking forward to a return.Wanted to try out the all day brunch burger at Applesbee's.  My first inclination was to go to the one in Center City however I was limited on time and parking was a factor so I decided to go to this Applebee's.  Unfortunately for me this was a mistake. I said to myself I should not go to the Applebee's in the hood but decided to give it a chance.  The one redeeming quality is that there is no problem parking, as they have a parking lot.  So got in and got seated. Let me just say I noticed the waiter had stains on his shirt "mind you this was early in the day, they just opened"  Ordered the signature margarita and the Oktoberfest beer.  Let me just say that the drinks were not up to par. One thing I have to give the waiter credit for is he didn't make us take the drinks off the serving tray. I noticed the waiter at the table behind me made the customer take their drinks off the tray instead of serving them.  So back to the drinks that were served,  The beer was flat and the margarita tasted like a cocktail mixer on ice.  Maybe Applebee's makes there margarita different, but I have never known a margarita to be served with olives.  I thought that was for a martini.  Anyway finally got the brunch burger let me just say the only option the waiter gave to how the burger could be cooked is pink or no pink. The commercial advertises endless fries however the waiter did not mention it.  I guess participation varies. After tasting the fries I was almost glad I did not have the option for endless fries. The burger it self was small and tasted unseasoned like it was made from a frozen patty.  Received the check and had to run the credit card myself at the table.  Apparently this is latest technology.  Did not particularly want to touch the kiosk as it had a film of dirt and looked like it had never been cleaned.  Anyway in the end I decided to only tipped 10% because I had to ring up my own check. Maybe its my fault I could have gone to Shake Shack and gotten a much better burger for half the price.My service was good. Came here by myself on a Thursday night to catch some football in the bar area. My only issue was that it was the worst wings I've had at any Applebee's. It's usually a happy hour favorite of mine. Maybe it was just a bad night. I won't write them off just yet or bad mouth them because of one item on the menu. I'll give it another chance. But you know, it is just Applebee's. Applebee's is usually Applebee's.Can be hit or miss at this location. This is Applebess so dont expect the best food. What Applebees provide is atmosphere, decent prices and average tasting food. One time i got some wings here and they were ok. My date wasnt feeling well so after i had a few wings I told the waiter can we order another set and wrap these. No problem and the waiter was nice. The first order of wings were good.  When we got home the 2nd order was absolutely horrible. The last time i went here we were charged for a extra soda. When we told the waitress we could tell she was slightly bothered by having to go back. Also my date who was paying ask for change for a $10 so we could give her the tip. Our bill was under $20 and we werent there that long. I guess she was expecting a $10 tip, I could tell she was bothered but was trying to hide it as best as she could or knew how to but it still came through. However this was the rare exception as usually the staff is nice.This Apple Bees is the best very professional I have been here like 5 or 6 times but didn't have this app yet to review My latest visit was Valentines Day 2/14/17
My husband and I waited 10 minutes was seated n immediately our waitress was at our table the staff is nice we even joked with the table next to us they almost gave us there food my husband said maybe we should switch that looks delicious n they laughed the food is always good the waitress wasn't overbearing she came by once n we called her once for refill on our beverages Love this Apple Bees see ya next timeWe had Matt as our server and he was awesome. Even at the end of our meal he asked what our names were and shaked our hands. I will def ask for him again!!!Came for half priced apps. Food arrived quickly. Pretzels were great and the sriracha shrimp was good too. The server was a little less attentive than expected.Horrible! Can't not say it enough. Half hour wait with an entire empty section. Please spelled of body oder. Wait staff and hostess very unprofessional. I am so shocked they are even in business nevermind having a wait.This is my 2nd time at Applebee's and my first time at this location.
Myself, my great uncle, and my cousin all went for lunch earlier in the week. I forget what they ordered individually but we shared a few plates of green bean crispers together. 
As for my entree, I decided on the grilled shrimp & spinach salad which was pretty damn delish.
Service was quick & friendly. My only complaint? We were given like 2 napkins when we asked for some for our table  Lolwut?This a great location. And the food is good and the Manger's are nice and so is the service.Very fast service. The food was great too. We sat at the bar and it seemed like our food came faster than those at tables.I am not a fan of Chain Rest. but this spot is good. Food was great, Beer was nice and our servers were wonderful. Eric and Jessica A. - They rock! visit, enjoy and give a nice tip. Don't be cheap and give 20% damit!Service sucks. We sat down for at least five minutes went by before our server came to our table.  I've had her before I was impressed she was still here. Normally a server will come by before your meal comes and after and she only came by because I had to get up after our meal was delivered to get another bottle of ketchup. It was a Friday but her section wasn't busy. It took her 20 minutes to get me a water. Do you have to pump the water yourself?I've eaten here a few times,  but the last 2 times were horrible.  One night we came here and we were seated quick  (which was great). It was later like 930 10 and the food was just awful. Dry, small and just not appetizing.  We figured it was just a bad night.  I went there the other day and again it was horrible.  Mt chicken was rubber. I basically ate around it and most of it was chewed and spit back out. I didn't say anything to the waitress, but my friend did. The waitress said, Why didn't you say something,  we would have switched your order. Nothing about seeing what she could do about it on the bill or anything of that nature. I get it, I ate it, but it's still the point. I will never ever, ever go there again, not even to a different location.A typical Applebee's restaurant - nothing bad but nothing special either. We had $1 Long Island Ice Tea. The LITs were vwry strong and in good quantity. They didn't skimp on alcohol. We had 2 for $25 which had one appetizer to share and 2 entrees. For apps we ordered buffalo chicken  (only boneless option available ). For entree we had, chicken & shrimp skillet and baby back ribs (half rack). The skillet came with home potatoes which were nice and crispy and there was a big chunck of garlic butter on chicken resting on chicken breast....yummy. Baby back ribs came with a choice of 2 sides, we choose green beans and boiled broccoli.  Am generally not a big fan of broccoli but these were very tasty. My only complaint was that the food temperature was a lil cold for baby back ribs. The skillet was nice and hot and we enjoyed it, but ribs could have been warmer and the sauce was very sweet. 
The service was nice and prompt. No complaints. 
With Applebee's you know what u get. So expect accordingly. $1 LITS are a must try...Wtf. I've been coming to this specific Applebee's for a very long time, I order to go constantly on my way home from work and always enjoy dinner with friends and family here. Service has always been amazing, except tonight. Our waitress named London (yes I'm putting her name out because she is the worst waitress I've ever encountered) and I am in the restaurant business myself so I know the difference between being confused or someone just having a bad day, well not her she's just slow and lazy and doesn't give a sh*t. We sat down, took her about ten minutes to come get our drink order, which by that point we were all ready to order so we had to grab her attention after taking the drink orders that we were ready. Okay fine, slow at first no biggie. Well when our appetizer came out before she gave us our drinks ( another 15 minutes still no drinks) that's a problem. She didn't offer us plates or silverware, another waitress was kind enough to come see we didn't have anything and brought it to us herself. She never came back to check on us until we were ready to pay and leave. I love Applebee's but your service is headed the wrong way!Wait time is usually bad; the bar staff is slow and inattentive. Food is usually room temp by the time it comes to the table.Applebees food is always good. However the service here isn't all that great. It took extremely long for people to get there food and my table ordered food to eat there and ordered other food to go and we ended up waiting for our to go food for 30 minutes AFTER our dinner was done. If you don't have any patience this is NOT the place for you. All the waiters seem to be more concerned with prancing around trying to be cute!!Been there twice and both times were horrible. The waitress took forever to take orders and even bring them to the table. The portion size was a lot smaller then what I'm used to at other locations. I would rather dine at another location then to come back to this one.What I thought would be a normal night eating chain restaurant food bought with the obligatory Christmas gift card turned out to be the weirdest experience i've ever had at a restaurant...
I ordered a burger, and asked for it very rare. Yes, I KNOW I should not be ordering rare meat at Applebee's, but I was deliriously hungry and figured they would overcook it anyway. Literally 2 MINUTES LATER the waitress comes back with a frozen, raw burger patty (inexplicably without a bun?) on a plate. I'm not shitting you, or exaggerating for comic effect; it had not touched a source of heat. She presented it to me and asked if that was good, or if I wanted it cooked more. I replied, confused and slightly frightened, "Yes, can you please cook my food?"
Another (cooked) burger came out, with cold, droopy fries and undercooked broccoli on the side, and it was bad, like even for an Applebees, but it was whatever and I ate it. We get the check and pay and as I'm walking out to the door the waitress JUMPS in front of my path and exclaims "Did you like my joke?!?!???" I was again confused and frightened, unsure if she was trying to cover for bringing me a raw burger or whether it was some joke between her in the kitchen. I smiled and nodded like you would at someone who is insane, and the person I was with just gaped at her.
Totally bizarre and horrible, ONLY GET DRUNK HERE DO NOT EATMy son took me here for my birthday so that alone made it special. We were quickly provided a nice table and the staff was very friendly.  They assisted us with ordering our appetizers while waiting for our meal. The food was great I ordered my favorite dish which was Chicken with shrimp.  Since I was the DD I didn't order a cocktail but my sister did inform me they were watered down. It was a nice visit.I am writing this review based on a st patty day weekend visit during the late night happy hour. I was able to enjoy a green yuengling! and friend had a green coors light. We only ordered happy hour items. They had some amazing pretzels with dipping sauce that I look forward to trying again. The mozzarella sticks were just okay and my wife didnt really enjoy her wontons. I would give 3.5 stars for the experience and would visit again for those pretzels !!!Service was great. Food came out timely. It was a little on the warm/slightly cool side. Drinks were good too. If you're looking for a good sangria, Applebee's is actually not bad.Do not get the shrimp here. Every time anyone I know get the shrimp, that night, they get a stomach ache. Other than that, everything else is okay.
I came here recently for a friend's 21st birthday and the waitress was real patient with us trying to figure out our order.The worst!   I will never eat here or any other Applebees!
The manager should be washing dishes, a position that may suit his personality best instead of a managerial position that allows for him to deal with the customers directly.. He lacks profesionalism and customer service skills. 
On April 26, 2013  my sister and I stopped at the Applebees on Aramingo ave for a meal and a couple drinks to celebrate her bday that was the day before.
The waitress sat us down and took our drink orders, my sister ordered a glass of wine and a corona, while I ordered a mojito. The waitress informed us  she was only able to bring one drink at a time to a customer...we said fine...my sister asked that she bring the wine first but please do not take too long in bringing the  beer, the waitress said ok.
The waitress brought over our drinks to our table, the wine for my sister and the mojito for me, she took our food order, we also placed a food order to go. 
A short time later, the waitress returns with the corona for my sister..her  glass of wine still full. I took  a sip of my mojito and did not like it...it was a bit too sweet for my taste.  It actually taste  like a soda or spritzer. The waitress stopped  at our table and asked me how was my drink? I said I dont  like it, a bit too sweet for me. She offered to take it back and bring me something else. I said no thank you , I  will keep it, I did not want to make a big deal out of it. The waitress brings over our appetizer, by the way the portions were small, hardly enough for two people to share. My sister asked to try my drink and so she did, she said she liked it, she offered to take my drink and I could order something else...I agreed. I asked the waitress to bring me a glass of wine.
Well, this is when the manager from hell comes over to our table.
The manager walks over to our table...doesnt even introduce himself...his first sentence to me was "Oh no, "THAT" is not happening here! while pointing to our drinks on the table.  I asked him what was  "THAT" that we are doing? He continues to explain the one drink at a time to a customer rule and that my sister had three drinks in front of her. I explained how she ended up with my drink.
He refused to bring me the  glass of wine until there were less drinks on the table.
I could understand if he refused to serve my sister another drink but to refuse ME it just didnt make any sense. He said if I did not understand the rule, he could clear the table. Clearing the table meant, he would call the police and have us removed.
Keep in mind, not at any time was I rude, loud, obnoxious. We had not previously been drinking...the only drink I had was a water. His attitude was unwarranted.
 I say to him, it is customerary at times for someone to order a shot an a beer, what does he do in that situation? He continues to say oh no, that is not allowed here at Applebees.  He walks away. I am left baffled. The waitress brings  over our order. Again, the side  portions are small except for the steak but it was overcooked and tasteless. My sister feels bad that I do not have  a glass of wine to enjoy with my meal, so she drinks  the mojito fairly fast so we would have one less drink on the table. The waitress comes over takes away the empty glass, my sister asked the waitress to bring me my wine...the waitress said no that the manager will still not allow for her to bring the wine.  Why?? 
We finish our meal and our food order to go was ready and we obtained the bill.
Well, here comes the manger from hell again, stopping at our table. 
He asked me if "WE" were ok?  the "WE" he was referring to was he and I. 
I say  NO  "WE are not ok!  He continues to say "I thought you understood the rule. I said I understand the rule but that doesnt mean I agree with it or I am accepting of the rule. And I do not know how the rule even  apllies to me. I came to Applebees to eat a meal, have a drink and spend some time with my sister...I have been refused a glass of wine for no apparent reason.. All I wanted was a glass of wine with  my meal. Thanks to him, my  evening was ruined and my experience here at Applebbes was terrible! At that time he offers to bring me a glass of wine! I said NO! I am done my meal, our order to go is ready and I have my bill ready to be paid, all I want to do is leave! I do not want to stay here any longer! He walks away. No apologies...nothing!
I should of walked out from the begining. 
The worst experience ever!The worse experience I have ever had! Never have I went to a restaurant in which where I had dirty silverware and when I made it known the waitress with long thick red braids had an attitude about it went to the other side wiped it off with a napkin and sends it back! some of the first appetizer plates where dirty as well !  Then she has more of an attitude and asks me if I wanted HOT WATER! I guess to put my silverware in!!!!! Then the waitress drops food all over my sister because I was arguing with her about my silverware !! On top of all of that our food was all wrong ! Steak almost burnt to crisp sauces were wrong ! We ordered shrimp that never came to the table !! Like what the hell!!! Never got our melted butter just cold ass butter brought to the table ! I am beyond angry ! The manager tried to appease us with dollar jolly rancher drinks and free meal tickets  ! What the fuck man everyone needs to watch out for this Applebee's it's just dirty as hell!!!!! My advice is to stay away from this place!! Their service SUCKS !Absolutely the worst service. Waiter was really impatient and was unable to be located for about 30 minutes. I ordered nachos and they were salty and greasy. I won't be eating at this location EVER again. The one star rating is for the water. It was good.I came here one day and our visit started off with the waitress making faces at us. 2 sets uf silverware had paper on them. A person in my party is allergic to onions and this was made a point to them. They then proceeded to give said person a spoon that had onion residue on it. Their throat swelled shut. There was paper in our dessert... Left before finished in rage. Will never go back again.WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I've ever received. The host and the waiters have the worst attitude and no manners.  Our silverware was as dirty as the waiters hair. The bathroom smelled like kitty liter. Very unorganized. Half of the staff were talking to one another by the car side to go area. Our drinks took 20 minutes to come to our table with little to no alcohol. The manager was nowhere to be found. You get better service at K&A by a hooker than at this resturant.Four stars for Alex, who took great care of us despite being one of his last tables of the night.
My friend and I are visiting from out of town and came for the cheap cocktails. While you likely won't ever be blown away by a meal at an Applebee's, you can always count on getting decent late night bar food. This one in particular was quiet and fairly clean. Everything came out quick and the food was pretty much what we expected it to be. Alex did a terrific job with us, and was attentive and fun to talk to. I did in fact enter prepared for the typically mediocre service I often see at this chain and certainly did not miss it.
Long story short, it's an Applebee's. If you've been to one before, nothing will shock you about showing up here.I love Applebee's 
The quesadilla burger was bold to me at first but I have grown to love it. 
Just a suggestion:
The Applebee's app should be renamed Le Bee's so it can be App Le Bee's
Just sayingGosh darn I love this place. Half off apps with the lady make us both giddy for a night of topping around. The mozz stick and Alfredo grease drips down our chins as we slurp the dollaritas, slowly preparing for our nights of intimacy. The bathrooms are always clean (+ a star ) highly recommend the large lager. I can't get enough Yueng king. Can't get enough of my baby gurl greased up wjfb marinara. After a night at the apple bees bar I'm surely eating good in the neighborhood ‍‍Was somewhat busy. Not a long wait to be seated. A little annoyed our greeter asked were we next? When we actually were the next in a formed line. As soon as we had been seated our waiter came over to ask what we wanted. Didnt even have time to really decide. He offered more time. We ordered drinks and and tried to decide. What we did decide on couldn't be substituted(Brisket Tacos).I dont eat red meat. The waiter offered more time.With a bit of something in the air I cant explain. Finally we agreed on something! Just then beef nachos immediately on the table! We ordered chicken nachos. Not for us..I just I dont eat..ok!! Next the queso...Something brown in it!!They did replace it. And those nachos they came in the end after the manager verifying a few times.. 
This has never been my fav of the applebbes.
But under the impression you should order fast and get out at this one! They need the seating!I was over charged for what I ordered and I said something about it and she lied to me I will never go there again and the place was very dirty food all over the floorActually garbage. Restaurant staff is honestly completely unprofessional and ghetto. Was taken to a table that lowkey was still dirty with food debris and stickiness all over. On top of that i didn't get greeted at the table until about 10 minutes later. (there was no one actually in the restaurant minus a few people at the bar and one table next to me who seemed to be friends with the server) once the server actually came to the table she came over with an attitude like she was mad that we came in and that she didn't want to serve us. Never got a refill on any drinks the only time she even table touched us was when she brought over a box to see if we was done eating so we could leave. Food itself wasn't bad but service was absolutely garbage. I surely won't be coming to this spot again or probably any Applebee's for that matter. Reevaluate y'all employees.The got are orders wrong. The steaks were small, the pasta was cold and the service stuck.Stopped in here quite a few times for late-night appetizers. Parking is easy in the lot and always got the standard Applebees experience. The waiters were always friendly and didn't seem to mind serving us our late night half price appetizers. You always know what you are getting at the Bees and this location is no different, always an A-Ok experience!We live nearby and wanted some cheap bar food unlike our usual cuisine. Have been here a handful of times prior but THIS will be the LAST EVER. We got a pitcher of beer, order half price apps and waited..then saw a ROACH crawl along the bar. I closed my eyes at the sight and my boyfriend chased it down with a napkin to show the manager as proof the sort of business that patrons were seeing in front of their eyes. The manager simply said "oh I'm sorry about that." Obviously half price or not we were outta there. Story only gets better. Get to the car to see a needle laying along side the passenger door! Keep it classy people.DO NOT EAT HERE! We ordered to go at 9:07 at 10:35 our order was not "received ". When I called th person answering the phone said it wasn't seen until 10 mins ago! Manager got on the phone and said "no we are just busy". So rude at that!!!!and our food was COLD!I am writing this from the bathroom.  The 15 minute walk from this Applebee's to the place we're staying is how long it took for the (lack of) food quality to start having its effects on me. My son is in the bathroom downstairs.
It has been 3 hours since we arrived in Philly and this is the first place we went to eat. 
Problems started almost right away.  Unfriendly, tired staff, my son didn't get his drink, I didn't get the right size of mine, my wife's sangria tasted weird, she didn't get the salad she ordered, and all our steak and chicken dishes were burnt with no flavour. 
I would never go back to this place.  My advice: stay away.Sorry Applebee's but you just really aren't the great deal that you claim to be. For 12.99 you could get a whole juicy cheesesteak literally anywhere around Philly and probably even get some fries out of it too. 
The only reason I'm ever in an Applebee's is to wash away my tastebuds with their rotational $1 drinks or to try their half priced apps that they have available twice a day between 3 and 6 and after 9 until they close at midnight. 
Also, stay alert of the spinach dip on their 1/2 priced featured apps. Its really sludgy and gross and if that isn't bad enough they never have any good chips. You always get the bottom of the bag and honestly, I'd rather stay away from their paper-like excuse for corn tortilla chips anyway.Wow, Applebee's Grill + Bar was really epic. The prices are great for the city. Every single thing I've tried thus far has been amazing. Workers are extremely lovely and service is very quick. Why would you want to go anywhere else besides Applebee's Grill + Bar?Applebee's Grill + Bar you are most certainly terrific, I had a lovely experience here yesterday. I'm so thrilled to be here and the atmosphere is so pretty. These guys got a phenomenal menu also. All of the staff are incredibly courteous - you truly feel welcome and taken care of. Definitely going to go back!The food taste pretty good at this location, but I am starting to notice that the next day, both me and my boyfriend have stomach pains or feel nauseous. This has happened 3 out of the 5 times we have visited. Not sure if the food is the cause, but it does seem odd, and it has happened without ordering alcoholic beverages, which by the way are good, and not weak. Wait times are sometimes long, seating as well as service.Wow, Applebee's Grill + Bar was cool. Excellent location. Applebee's Grill + Bar is one of these spots where all the menu items look magnificent, I had Nov 08 - Dec 13 and it was wonderful. The staff is outstanding and really welcoming. Love it love it love it.They have updated and changed their menu. I got the ribs, their Mac n' cheese, and veggies. I always enjoy the ribs so that wasn't anything new. I was pleasantly surprised by the Mac n' cheese.Lord, somebody come get this bartender. He has no clue. Firstly, greet your guests. Secondly, learn how to properly operate a tap. Thirdly, why don't you know what a PBR is? Fourthly, you had no clue what dishes were going to which guests. Fifthly, I know you aren't new/training cause I was here a while ago and had this same experience. Basically they need to put this boy elsewhere in the restaurant cause he has no business behind ANY bar.This was the worst experience at an applebees I have ever had. The waiter was horrible, they did not have what I came there for, which was cheese sticks and ribs ... The excuse was they were really busy for the last couple of days. Then when I ordered what I finally settled for the food took forever and then was not warm. I had to send back what I did order because it was so poorly prepared. Just the worst experience I have ever had at an Applebee's and I visit frequently . I do not recommend this particular branch. That's all.I don't mean to pile on with so many 1 star reviews but this place is really bad. Save yourself 40 bucks and go to McDonalds.Yeah, no. It's time for these places to move along and make room for good, inexpensive restaurants. I like supporting local franchises, but the more of these there are, the harder it is for other places to thrive. I won't patronize here again, but I didn't think the pancakes we ate for the school's fundraiser were at least edible.Thier customer service is horrible called 5 minutes before I got there because we were a party of 15 and was told that there was no waiting and when we all got there had to wait for a whole hour and then I spoke with the manager and he told me that there's nothing that he can do. WE WILL NEVER COME BACK IN TO THIS PLACE!I would not eat here if you paid me to!!! So much for a neighborhood bar and grill that leaves trash all over outside, and lets people shoot up and pass out on their property.  My husband and I just cleaned up 2 1/2 contractor bags worth of trash in their back yard.  Thanks for being a STELLAR part of the neighborhood Applebee's!This is the worst place I ever ate!!  We were seated quickly but it took 40 minutes for us to get drinks and they were wrong, twice! We ordered boneless wings for an appetizers and they came out raw! Only one entree came out, missing the sides, uncooked chicken and looked like it sat around for days! The satff was horrible from the minute we walked in until the minute we walked out. We will never eat or recommend this place to anyone!!
          P.S.  It would one been negative 5 stars but they make you give atleast one star!!I must be missing something..Firstly, we got no water, no salt and no pepper..I just must be tripping but I thought you at least get that.. the server Kevin, seemed to have no experience..hell none of em did. I watched one employee step over a dropped napkin about 5 times as she's going back and forth. We got spicy ribs, and alcohol, but no one offered us water, no one checked on us, and when the other servers were bringing out food, they didn't know to clear off the table with the dishes from the appetizers before placing our main course on the table, so me and my sister and niece was scrambling to clear the table. Kevin saw my noodles were dry and asked if I wanted sauce.. I waited for the sauce that he never gave me. When I finally got someone's attention, I was explaining what was wrong to the lady and before i could finish, away she went. ‍ Kevin went to get sauce for my overcooked chicken alfredo noodles and he disappeared too. After I voice my opinion, and made the girl pick up that damn napkin she kept stepping over, 5 people come with salt and pepper and ONE glass of water for 3 people and the sauce. I ask where is our server she said he's busy, but I could help you..I said, no, apparently Kevin is the one that needs the help. THROW THE WHOLE RESTAURANT AWAY.I didn't even get served at all good luck on your waiting time , I got up and left after I kept getting ignoredLet's start this with a disclosure, I am not a fan of chain restaurants and have always found Applebee's to be mediocre at best. However, I was outvoted and ended up here.
All in all, it is in the up and coming neighborhood of Port Richmond. Kind of crazy seeing how Port Richmond has changed for the better. But anyway, this is a convenient location and has for many the comfort level of knowing what to expect.
I would recommend that here or at any of these chain bar type restaurants that you stick to the safe bet type stuffing, meaning hamburgers, sandwiches, wings, etc. I just find that if you expect a great Italian dinner or an earth shattering steak dinner, you are setting yourself up for failure. 
All in all, if you are a visitor to Philadelphia, go find something that Philly is known for, the obvious is a cheesesteak, but check out a pork Italiano sandwich or one of the independent restaurants. Philadelphia is s grest restaurant city. If you are a resident, well, still go to those places, but if you just want something quick, well, you could do worse.Service here is absolutely horrible. I walked in and it didnt appear to be too busy. I was with my 3yo son. The hostess asked if i didnt mind a high top. Mind you im with my 3 year old (as he could see). I politely requested a booth. He then states "oh well it'll be a wait" I ask how long "I don't know it'll be a wait". Now most restaurants will give you an expected timeframe. So rude i walked out and went to another restaurant. This is not the first time I've had an issue with this location. I will never go againLunch special is good deal. $7 for all you can eat sald, soup/chili, breadsticks.  Salad was presented in a small kidney shaped dish which made it really difficult to eat.  French onion soup ok, but chili was greasy.  Breadsticks were really nice.  Staff good.Okay 
So I went with my youngest son to spend sometime with him. The hostess was friendly. The waitress took time to get back to us and serve us. The food was tasty, but the portions were small. 
Not really impressed and for the price it was expensive for the portions we received.This place Applebee's  food is 'Horrible' I order 2 for $20 meal. I had order lemon chicken n it came with rice. Rice is so hard n  very dry. Even chicken were very dry no flavor n chicken were burnt. I did not pay for this horrible meal. They need to fire this chef who ever made this horrible food. Get another chef who know how to cook with flavor!!!!  This chef need to go back to culinary school n start from the bottom. Chef Ramsey came to this Resturant ate this food. He would of spit it out!!!! That's how 'Horrible food is. I would give Zero rating  to Applebee's. They need to improve their food n get new chef. No flavor to the food no one will dine in. Food is all abt presentation, taste n flavor. We all first eat with the eyes then taste. Get a new chef Applebee's!!!!Went there today and wasn't expecting much from this establishment and of course, I left EXTREMELY disappointed. I guess if you want good service sit at the bar. If you want horrible service, sit at a table. I went here for a night out with my wife. It was actually my first time at Applebees so I ordered a beer. The waitress asked me what size I wanted but didn't explain to me what sizes were what. I told her the biggest one thinking I'd get a pitcher and of course I get a tall glass. There was alot of other things that happened during my short time here, this will certainly be the last. Next time I visit a applebees establishment it'll be the one in Manoa Shopping Center.Brought the kids here last night and we had a good time. My review is based on the service I received from Ashlee, she's a great server an did an excellent job tending to my families needs and wants. She frequently came back to check on us to see if we needed anything, she was very attentive an interactive with my son. We all enjoyed her, keep up the great work Ashlee, need more servers like you!The waiter didn't come to our table until 30 minutes into us sitting down. It was 9:30 and the place wasn't even half full! Thank god for the self ordering tablets on the tables so we could actually get some food ordered! Food was good as usual but the service was nonexistent.Of course I have to rate Applebees high, I just love eating there for some reason lol.....I love the deserts mostly, I never had any complaints about them.just had dinner with my family here. food is soso .very bad severs!!!!!!  super bad !!!As expected.. not very good. 
Came here because the showing to a movie for my son and I was later then expected. 
Riblets were cold and flavorless. 
The $4 special pint of Sam Adams seasonal tasted old. 
Rap music was way to loud and odd to be playing in an Applebees.  Imo.  (I like old skool hip hop) so no hate on the music.  Just not the time or the place.  Seemed off. 
Service was slow. And not overly friendly.  I unfortunately heard at least four conversations from wait staff about the abysmal morning mandatory staff meeting they all had.    
One servers comments.   "I've been up since 6:30 this morning.  This is ridiculous! I'm tired .".  It was only about 1:30 in the afternoon.  Hmmmmm.... Still trying to figure that one out. 
Just avoid here, like I know I should have.  It gets the second star because of while I couldn't fathom eating the food I was served.  My kid Loved it.  And ate every bite.I usually go to the Applebee's on street Rd but we were on the Boulevard so decided to go to this one. Food was ok but our waiter made the experience unbearable. He was rude and when we asked for the free refills on our fries with the all American burgers he said no.... I ordered drinks for my mom and aunt and we didn't get them until we were almost done our food. Overall a terrible experience and will definitely never to backI just left this apple bees celebrating a family members bday party. We called ahead the day before to warn them that it would be a 21 person event, we were told to call tomorrow we called again today a few hours ahead of time and they said okay. We arrive and we are told we only need to wait 10 minutes which turned into a 30 minute wait JUST TO BE SEATED. So we are finally seated and we wait another 20 minutes to order our drinks which all but 2 were fountain 4 were fountain drinks we waited another 20 minutes to receive them we finally get to order our food we had one waitress named Keisha whom did her absolute best considering the circumstances it took one of us talking to management to see about getting her some help considering how many of us there were. We spent more time waiting for everything then we did enjoying our time and celebrating our loved ones.  once our food arrived there were multiple mistakes with our meals and it got too the point one of our guest meals took so long to come out she no longer wanted it. This is the worst service I have ever received at any restaurant I have been too and will never come to this establishment ever again. DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT GO TO THID APPLE BEES UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE SERVICE AND MANAGEMENTI finally got the chance to redeem the gift cards I received during the holidays. This Applebee's location is located in a strip mall. It has ample parking spaces, and handicap accessible. We were seated immediately as we entered. The server approached our table in minutes and was friendly and  knowledgeable. The Napa Chicken dish I ordered was delicious. They could do better with the presentation of the parmesan shrimp dish, while the Blackened tilapia needed more seasonings but was good. We finished off our dish with a chocolate chip cookie sundae. The ladies bathroom is large, spacious, clean and wheelchair accessible. There is a changing table for the little one. I will definitely return here in the future. Oh, and one more thing, they have free WIFI!!!!Tuesday evening about 9:30 and sitting at the bar.  Appetizers a good value and beverages aok.  Bar service pretty damn good - Khaleef.
Almost left due to one employee getting off work that was bitching out loud to the bartender about having to close on Monday and not getting the hours she wants or the money she needs.  Air your complaints away from customers.  Who wants to hear your sad story.  She is probably not worth keeping.  Attitude.Came here for my niece birthday and I noticed they made a lot of changes to their menu. I ordered from the 2/20. I got the fiesta lime chicken an I ordered the cheeseburger egg rolls. I must say the food was blah ! The salad was served on a small plate, an kept falling off when I tried to mix it. The rice was not done on my fiesta lime chicken . I did eat the chicken it was served over wonton noodles an a salty sauce. The cheese sauce in the cheeseburger egg roll was not good at all, too thick. However the service was great from start to finish to the food not so much !Our waiter, Doug S., provided us with EXCELLENT service. He was fast, very attentive and entertaining. It is hard to find good service at restaurants these days. - Kudos to Doug; he made our visit pleasant. He anticipated our needs well; he brought out enough napkins, brought us refills (even remembered the lemon!), cleared the table and checked in on us - all without asking. Our food came out hot and fresh. We'll come again for this!This place is hands down the worst place I've ever eaten in my life. To start off my server was very rude and didn't check in on our table to often. After we ordered (4) drinks a half hour went by and our food came out before the drinks. When the food came out it didn't seem as if it was a fresh as it could of been. Not cold but not hot. After telling the server for the 3rd time that we ordered drinks they finally came out. Poor service mediocre food if that wouldn't want to ever take my family back.This is the absolute worst location but I tried giving it a chance anyway since it is so close but never again. Certain things you expect when the restaurant is crowd it however this restaurant hardly had any anyone in there and the service was still terrible! Once my  date and I was seated it still took another 15 minutes for our server to come over just to take our drink order. It took  another 15 minutes just for us to get our drinks in. By the time our food came out I didn't even want it especially since everything was heavily salted and Just was not good at all. Our server never came over to check on us to see if we were OK or  if we needed refills on our drinks,we had to call him over. I think it's absolutely ridiculous that I have to go out of my way to go to another restaurant just to get good service. I didn't even bother sending my food bclbecause I don't trust kitchen staff with my food once it has been returned. And by then I was ready to just go. I didn't even bother calling a manager over to voice my complaints. I Will never return to this location ever again.I go to Applebees almost every Friday, i sit at the bar and have some wings & a drink, the waitresses give me great service even though they are very busy. the food is hot and tastes good, the price is right. I had 1 problem when I went with my family i sat at a table. the service was horrible!!! i complained to the manager and he did everything he could to rectify the situation. it would have gotten 4 stars if it weren't for that 1 timeIf I could rate lower than 1 star, I would!  Service was horrible. After we were seated all I could here is the group of employees leaning over the wall next to my table talking like little high school kids. Very unprofessional. Only reason I came here is because we got a gift card for Christmas. Not only was my steak cooked wrong, the quality of it was bad. Never again will I come here. Our server Walked up to a manager to explain the steak was not prepared properly and he just shrugged his shoulders. What a joke! Don't waste your time or money here. Go to where the staff genuinely care about your experience.We were told the wait would be 10-15 minutes. It was actually 35 minutes & we were only seated after I angrily asked why we weren't being seated when there were so many tables empty. The food was decent, but some things were petrified & others cold.I mean the food is okay most of the time and the prices aren't to bad for the amount you get. Way better than going to McDonald's at Andorra. My main problem is that the service is terrible. A lot of the staff just sit up in the front just talking and not even acknowledging you when you come in unless you say something. Anytime I order car side to go my order has been wrong so I never use that terrible service. Honestly I wouldn't go there unless you're hungry and just don't care about the service.So my boyfriend and I wanted to do a little cheap date so we decided on here. Not to far from crib. There's an advertisement that says buy one get on tv; so we had our minds set on that. We asked the host and she told us that the deal still existed & to tell our server. When our server came she told us deal was over. Then she comes back and says the the deal ends today. So if a deal ends today and it's still today is the really over?? We were very confused and didn't understand how the deal ended today if it's still today. I could see if she said at 6pm, but she said today? Idk bro it was weird.Service was lousy from beginning to the end
We do recommend! food over cooked Manager was no help.Oh, good grief!  Recent lunch here left me totally underwhelmed, as it broke the bank. Although our server was extremely personable, the food left a lot to be desired. The calorie count on most of the items lowered my choice to just one item: a 400 plus or minus calorie something called a Thai salad. It was supposed to be broiled shrimp on a bed of greens with an Asian flavored dressing on the side. The greens were inedible, tasting like limp playing cards, and the penny-sized shrimp were simply shameful. Most likely cooked several hours previously and left to bake under a heat lamp, probably in the hopes of getting a tan, I choked them down with an ice tea that cost the better part of five dollars. My friend had some kind of taco dish, nothing remarkable and containing three small tacos, plus an iced tea. I couldn't believe my eyes when the check came and informed us the total came to $33! For me, food got one star simply because you need to give it at least one start to post a review here, but the price totally tanked. I won't be going back there anytime soon, if ever.Had a terrible experience at the last Applebee's I went to but this one was much better. We had dollaritas boneless wings and entree salads. Bartender immediately replaced my well done steak with the med rare I requested. Steak was terrible and chewy but that's what I get for ordering a sirloin at Applebee's. Fun bar atmosphere and good service. I'll be back for drinks.Mike said it best in his tip: just okay.
I happened to come on a trivia night, so they had a lot of tables to just one server. While he was nice enough, I got most of my needs (extra dressing, etc) from the busser who kept coming by to check on me. My server did spend a ton of time with his regulars, so I never got a refill on my drink although I got my check fairly quickly.
I do like Applebee's but the odds of me returning purposely to this location are low unless I happen to be nearby.I'm writing this review solely comparing this location versus others and comparable chain restaurants in the area. 
I have never eaten-in here, only do takeout or carside. The day before last I called in my carside order and it started off just fine. But upon arrival I realized that there are not designated spots for you to park in. I called in, the parking lot was packed, and was told that I had to come in. Why call in "carside" and not just takeout? 
Anyway, I parked and came in, only to find that my order was not ready as promised and that I had to stand and wait for 15 minutes. I was not happy. 
The order was accurate and food was fine. But I will go to the Havertown location next time. They keep their promises and bring the food to your car.The food was great. Service was a little slow due to our server having 5+ tables. But he was very professional and appeared to try to give the best service he could while being busy. We will be back if in the area again.You'd hardly notice this Applebees if you were driving by.  Lived around the corner for a year and a half and just got around to stopping in.  It's actually a pretty nice little Applebees, but I must say it was the least crowded one I've ever dined in.  As most do, we went for the great deals, like the 2 for $20.  Ended up getting an appetizer sampler (my favorite of any restaurant) plus the two for twenty.  Everything was good as usual.  Nothing ever blows you away here.  Portions were large so both me and my fiance had left overs that I enjoyed for the next two days.  Staff were very attentive and the service was quick.  Couldn't have asked for me.  Recommend this Applebees to anyone looking for a decent meal at a great price.2 stars for the food the service is sucks from the manager  to the waitress by the way while we eating the waitress was throwing up on the floor yukkkkkkk  also these little flies wont leave u alone they keep circling around u  the food s okThe food is good, I am actually sitting in the restaurant as I write this. The speed of the service, however, would make turtles look like jackrabbits. The service is friendly though.The commercials make it look like a great neighborhood bar and grill, but truth be told it is not. The food is barely average, except for the fries(which are surprisingly good). I'm not sure if I will be back.It seems that this location is a hit or miss.  Came for the late night happy hour and they got about everything wrong.  Ordered the red apple sangria special.  Brought the twice as expensive appletini.  Ordered strawberry margarita.  Got the regular.  Ordered mixed veggies.  Got broccoli.  Only.  Chicken was insanely salty for being on the 'healthy' menu!  Ugh.The food was bland and We felt rushed by our waitress the service suck im bout to stop tipping rude waitressCame Tonight for a friends graduation dinner & the service was horrible.  Messed up tables orders then gave us bad customer service.  I wont come here to this location againThe worst customer service I ever experienced!!!!!!!!!!  I went to the Roosevelt BLVD location to pick up a to go order that involved numerous things including a dessert. I had a coupon for a free dessert, and when the young lady came to  my car and gave me my bag, I gave her the money and she went inside to cash me out. A couple minutes later the manager came and said that I could NOT use the coupon I had to get my free dessert. She said I would have to "drop in" to get my dessert. I explained the last time I was there, my husband and I received such horrible service that the manager gave us 2 of those cards. She began to argue with me! This woman was so rude, with NO sense of customer service skills whatsoever that I ended up leaving everything that I ordered, because I refused to spend 1 dime of my  hard earn money to this location with such horrific service yet again!! Well no wonder our service was lacking so much last time we dined in. Is this the leader, this is whom the staff is learning from!!! OMG!!! I am literally speechless! I didn't want anything from the store and I will never be back to that location again! This African American woman, and I suppose she was the manager who was simply just rude and nasty nasty nasty nasty!! Perhaps she should take courses on management 101 before you unleash her to us folks who are spending our hard earned money.  You should really rethink about who you have in position of management! When it comes to customer service skills, if a person does not have it, understand it or buy into it,  then perhaps they should work in the kitchen where they won't have first hand dealings with the public.  This black lady was just rude and nasty, and the way she looked at me the way she spoke to me, I would rather spend my money elsewhere then spend it at that Applebees!!!! Thank God for choices!!!!I ordered through a delivery service. The receipt says Alesa S, so I'm assuming she put my food together at the restaurant. Whoever cooked my food did an amazing job and Alesa did a great job packaging it and making sure everything in order. Everything was correct and the food tasted great! The beef nachos had the perfect amount of toppings, the wings were crispy and saucy, and my quesadilla was filled nicely. I wish I had slowed down to take pictures!Stay away. My fiancée and I came in one night and it was so unprofessional that we got up and left without service.I go to this applebees sometimes, its right near my house..Their food is pretty standard applebees, nothing special to right home about. Good for a dinner out and not going to far away from home.Good food and great service! My family and I went last night for dinner. Our server was very attentive, friendly and provided great customer service. The food was excellent. Very happy and WILL be back again. Thanks Applebee's for making our dining experience a great one. Thumbs up!!!I'm here now for a light birthday dinner and cocktails  and while eating my dinner I discovered a finger nail in my meal. I brought it to the attention of our server; she was very polite and asked if I'd like to see the manager to which I replied yes. And here is where the story gets interesting! He came over to our table and initially just stood there. After 30 seconds of awkward silence  I finally said to him "it was me that had the nail in her food". He said "OK". Again 39 seconds of awkward silence he finally said "well all my cooks wear gloves...soooo" I replied well there was clearly a nail in my food. BTW, the server took both the plate and the nail back to him and showed him.  He was very unapologetic and basically said well what do you want me to do??  I was stunned at his response and lackadaisical attitude. He walked away and my friends and I just looked at one another. He did offer to come my meal but only after he realized that he should at least  do that. Once he walked away I thought about it and decided I wanted to write a review in Yelp about my experience. But before I did I wanted to give the manager a chance to right this wrong. I asked the server to call him back out. Once he got to our table and again just stood there looking at us, I asked him what his name was, as he had not introduced himself. He told me his name was Jonathan and I informed him that I wanted to give him a  chance to correct the issue before I posted this negative review on Yelp. I explained that this would probable negatively impact the restaurant and that I didn't want to do that if he planned to show a little more interest in our incident. 
Needless to say he still wasn't very apologetic. All I can say is had he handled the situation in a more professional and empathetic manner this post would never have been generated.Well, sometimes you just gotta stop into one of the neighborhood chains.
Quality: Tasty basics and some unique favorites. Food is cooked properly; not under or over cooked steaks, chicken and sides. Ingredients are basic, no fancy stuff here like aged beef.
Drinks: basic bottles and drafts, creative mixes.
Location: Residential shopping area, plenty parking, easy access. Shopping center security. Be patient the area is diverse; from young mofo's to complete families to turtles.
Service: Friendly rookie kids tend to forget some things. (why does wait staff think it's impressive to memorize, just write it like they do on tv and get it right the first time....sheeeesh) They take their sweet old time... Meh, I've seen worse.
Value: spot on for food, drinks are too high for the atmosphere and location.
Atmosphere: Feels local with Overbrook High and St. Joes stuff on the walls. Friendly service makes all the mistakes very easy to deal with. Happy birthday songs for the birthday person!
Recommend: Boneless wings, Mozz Sticks, Nachos, Steaks, Pasta Dishes.
Avoid: Artichoke/Spinach Dip, Rices.
Conclusion: It's ok, I will return.Not understanding the bad reviews here I absolutely love this applebees. The food is always great and the service fast. We never have to wait to be be seated and they allow us to always have our preferred table. This is my go to whenever family comes from from new york or maryland.Love it.Customer service was below average I think that if you are a waiter and you depend on tips for good service it's just a no brainier to give good service the menu needs to be updated to a more healthy menu they offer nothing healthy to meLove how they rearranged everything since the fire.. good was good, service was good and drinks were awesomeUmberto Eco says Americans have a horror of emptiness they try to fill with "insane abundance." 
Shenanigans, I say, I just want a four inch thick steak with lobster and baked potato, and sour cream and melted butter, and grilled tomato and horseradish sauce and a spinach-salad appetizer with candied fruits and bacon and Gorgonzola, and for dessert the Leaning Tower of Fudge. 
I'm looking over the edge and it looks like the cliff over which the rule of law drops into a Hobbesian free-for-all. 
It looks delicious.
I had 18 beers and four shots and I feel great.Applebee's food... 0 stars. (Mo?), The Bartender who served us and kept us intoxicated... 5stars!!!!Average food, pricing is good. Customer service is not so great, pretty slow. If you want a refill, you'll have to ask them yourselves.There are obviously much better places to eat than Applebees, but once in a while, when we are in a rush, we'll pick up dinner from here. The food is what is to be expected from a restaurant like this. We ordered take out last night and when we got home, my husband opened his food container and found the potatoes wrapped in a nasty plastic bag. Just disgusting! If they miss something as obvious as taking the food out of the bag, god knows what other unacceptable things are happening here. No matter how pressed for time we are, I will not be back.I love their house sangria and on Saturday there just $4.00.  I like the service the staff has been friendly and the food is pretty goodThis place was awful. Don't believe 2 and 1 for $25 hype unless you plan on spending your night on the toilet. I've served better food in soup kitchens. Applebee's step your game up and stop using Grade D meats and produce. See ya never!i so love the bar. i like the appetizer, and the new menu.Hello apple . I was very disappointed a t my sever. We're 2 Beggin .. First I thought. He was new.. It was Friday dinner with my family and kid..I asked 4. Beer took. Him 20min, when he bought my drink it was. In glass I. Asked 4 bottle. Then he took 20minn bring my food out.... Em not coming backI love this Applebee's because I only go the bar there. Amy the bartender is awesome. I don't have to order she know what I like. The food is good too . The selection of drinks is good too. I like the new menu they have , more choices.Love this Applebee's! I rarely dine in there, mostly take outs and they've been awesome. my fave is always the fried chix oriental salad and that fried wonton things (chix/pork wih limes).Showed up dead tired after work not expecting much...actually, I saw the bad reviews and expected the bottom of the barrel. I was just hungry and wanted something to eat and the ability to actually look across at my boyfriend you know, one time this week.
The restaurant smelled great outside when we got out of the car, and was packed when we walked in. The hostesses argued over whose turn it was to seat us when we walked in and one reluctantly got up and did it without as much as acknowledging us.
We were sat next to one of the most obnoxious, ridiculous groups of people I have honestly ever seen eating out. The most foul things were coming out of everyone mouths, talking about the baby's dirty diapers, and the 18 year old telling her mom she barely had time to shit before she showered that morning. I guess the clientele reflects the neighborhood.
Our server offered the server who was overwhelmed with the aforementioned party some help with us, and I'm glad she did because she was great and very sweet. Everything was on point with her-- I changed my order (after the kitchen messed my salad up by putting the dressing on and on the side), she brought share plates, new waters--with lemons without us asking. 
The garlic sirloin was great as well. I never thought I'd like a steak from an Applebee's. But, I really thought it was good and would go back again.I came here just a few times by myself when I'm shopping in the area and I was compelled to write a quick review. I have had great service by the same waitress who even recognized me!! I ordered wine and steak and it was spot on. She made sure I had enough wine :) and I was totally content! It was quiet enough for me to enjoy a little dinner while reading on my phone.This place has definitely changed for the better! The staff is friendly, management is almost always on floor checking up and asking how everything is going! They're pretty fast (even on busy nights) I come here often and I haven't had a problem in a long time! Food is cooked to my liking 99% of the time. Great three cheese penne and boneless wings!While the bartender was friendly, my drink was made in the wrong glass and did not taste the same as I've had it before. She also left for a smoke break, which was obvious by the cigs and lighter in her hand, and left the servers to wait on us. Our food was out quickly and was pretty good.I order something for takeout, a salad. The Oriental chicken salad which is supposed to come with croutons lettuce and other things. All I got in my salad was lettuce and chicken, which the salad was very small and skimpy. If you think this is the average Applebee's it is not, I was very disappointed.Good... Good ....Good! Service was really attentive and good. Food as usual is gr8.How is that every time I go to this Applebee's I get CONSISTENTLY HORRIBLE SERVICE??????  The waitresses are forgetful, the wait is unbearably long, and the food is mediocre and usually served COLD the first time around. (I say FIRST TIME because you usually have to send your food back at least TWICE to get what you want!!)
That being said, the Manager is GREAT and has been accomodating each time a member of his staff screwed something up. So.... Catch 22.  The waiters suck but the Manager will try his damndest to make sure you leave the restaurant satisfied.The bar staff here is great, and the food is just as good. Definitely a great neighborhood place.Its a pretty good place. Food is good to a certain degree. Like the ribs were pretty good but the pasta is a lil bland. The noodles and shrimp was on top but all the sauce, seasoning and flavor was on the bottom. 
The fries aren't crispy but pretty good anyway. Drinks are delicious and so are the desserts.
The staff is pretty nice but you can tell they hate there jobs. Their face says it all. Lmfao 
The alcholic beverages are pretty good but will creep up on you if your not careful. All in all a pretty decent place. If you dont mind crowds. LolApplebee's is a good place to hang out with friends. But this place this location I will never come back. The chicken with bone in was so salty. I order Medium-done steak, the kitchen made it as well done. I told the waitress, they changed a new one, still well done. I don't know how other people feel when the kitchen keep making wrong food for you. I feel bad about it.A friend and I stopped in recently for lunch. We were greeted by a very personable young lady who was to be our server. We found her to be quite attentive as she stopped by our table quite a few times to ask if we needed our drinks refilled, and if everything was okay, etc.  
I thought the $10 price tag for approximately a cup of salad and roughly a cup of soup was a bit steep, but I was really more disappointed to see one other thing, or rather the lack of something. With the exception of the skimpy soup and salad, there was truly nothing on the menu that was diabetic friendly. When are restaurants going to smarten up and realize that just like everyone else diabetics need to eat? The problem is, we cannot eat most things that those who are not diabetic can eat.  I am tired of paying for French fries, other potatoes and  other high carb starches and so on  that usually come with the meal (and that I cannot consume) which would send my glucose levels off the scale! This also goes for bread, buns, and croissants, which usually accompany burgers, other meats and cheese. To me, the ideal sandwich would a serving of food without the bread -- and it should reflect the lack of bread in the price I need to pay. 
I found almost all of Applebee's offerings way too high in carbs for me. For diabetics, it goes far beyond being trendy or being able to choose a way of eating. Our very health is at risk when we eat out. I would love to see far more low carb dishes on their menu. Maybe I would eat there more!Im very disappointed to have to write this review.  But the last two out of three times that Ive been, including tonight ive had terrible experiences.   The food was cold BOTH times.  How?  The first time the bartender, who was AMAZING, sent for the manager.  He looked at me, nodded and apologized.   Then he turned right around and offered the ladies next to me, who had the same cold.food experience gift certificates for their next meal.  Terrible.
My second experience wasnt much better but this manager did seem more attentive.   
Doesnt help that I got cold food twice.  Wont be going back for any food.Our Spinach dip was served with stale chips. My dad's soup was Luke warm. My chicken Caprese was excellent! Our waitress Sophia was trying hard, unfortunately I guess her kitchen staff wasn't supporting her. I would recommend  it maybe you can come on a not so peak time! We came during the evening dinner rush!Can you say flies and bad service ...if so that's what I got...shame on you Applebee'sI stopped here to have lunch today with my family because I had a gift card. I had a mixed experience. The food was good but the service wasn't great. Our waitress was really nice when we first got there but then once the food came out she just never came back until we were given the check. We only asked for a condiment and one refill of water and she forgot both so we asked twice for both things and felt like a bother so we just left. It's strange because the restaurant was filled with employees standing around. Employees were moving tables around and some were just standing in the aisle in the way of the restroom on my way to and from so I had to move chairs out of my way and ask people to let me through just to use the restroom. Then, once I got to the restroom it was DISGUSTING! 2/3 stalls were unable to be used due to urine all over the seats. The one stall I did use was the handicapped one and  the seat was broken and the handle to flush it seemed on its last leg as well! I should've taken my gift card to one of those kiosks that just gives you cash for it! I hate chain restaurants for this exact reason! I've been to other Applebee's locations where we've had way better service and cleanliness so I guess it just depends on the location/management? Good luck!My first and last time eating from this location. I've had the quesadilla burger at another location and it was really good, so I talked it up to my mom. We each ordered one to go and were very disappointed. The burger itself was small and broken in pieces. My mom was even skeptical that it was a whole burger. The description says it comes with bacon and cheddar cheese, but there was neither. It just looked lazily and sloppily prepared. The ones I've received from other locations were cheesy and delicious, but this was just sad. Also, I was cheated out of my fries.
Not to mention their customer service could use some work. The guy brings my food and check, nothing to lean on to sign, no clipboard, no nothing. I had to lean on my purse. And then he just took the signed copy and pen and walked away. No "have a goodnight" or "enjoy your food."
The food was edible, but I was highly disappointed.the menu is the menu - you know what they have.
Service is dicey here.  Last time we were there...totally understaffed.  The servers were pleasant, but over workedI wrote a review for this Applebee's earlier in my reviews and it was a limited review as it was only based on their "to-go" orders.
Today, I went into Applebee's because it was conveniently located to my apartment, my mom and I were hungry after running some errands and I honestly wanted to give it another 'chance'.
To get straight to the point, the in-restaurant experience was far better than my "to-go" experience with this Applebees. As with most chain-restaurants you expect 'decent food' with a clean environment, good service and leave with a full and satisfied stomach. A review of my "to-go" experience is that their food had to be their 'mistakes' or the orders they care-less about and give to customers who come to pick up food from this location. The pictures I posted of the food was not appetizing at all.
I mention that once again because the food in-house was actually aesthetically appealing AND was 'good' in the taste department. Service was from a really nice waitress that, though I forget her name, her service was memorable. My personal thoughts are that chain-restaurants won't have you raving about their food for days after you have it, but it is a place you go that won't break the bank and just fill the belly with "no-bad-eats".
So - I did have a good experience and a better opinion about this Applebee's Restaurant. It's okay in my book.Applebee's sometimes gets a bad wrap because the food is pretty low caliber but I'm always a fan of the half priced apps and trivia nights. I attempted to attend this Thursday, but was greeted with a rude demeanor at the door. The hostess seemed annoyed that we wanted to sit in the Quizzo area and stated it was full, so we were seated in a back portion of the restaurant. The service didn't improve. The waiter walked away while taking our order on several occasions without explanation and confused orders with our drinks and food. Again, I know this is Applebee's but I've had better service at other locations. My friends were dissatisfied with the boneless wings, which I attached a picture. Additionally, the sriracha shrimp had a "concerning texture, equivalent to a gummy bear". Overall bad experience for those involved.I ordered the fire grilled vegetables along with my 6oz sreak and got a couple big hunks of zucchini and squash that were cold and like rubber. Seriously could you slice it down into edible portions and actually grill each piece?!? The six ounce steak with seriously about as big as my thumb. I'm guessing it was around 3 ounces after it was cooked it and I had to cut half an hour out in fat and Gristle. If it were not for the waitress Maria I probably would have had a stroke flipping out so badly on this dump. Best waitress i have ever had. Someone needs to hire her away from this place and shut this dump downThe chicken was rubbery, and every thing tasted disgusting. Apparently my mom saw the kitchen and it was a disaster. Perfect spot to treat your worst enemy, though every then it's a waste of money and would prolong this establishment that shouldn't exist. Eat at own peril. Only the burger was ok, everything else was gross. Fake, disgusting, not worthy to be called food. Would not even go for free food unless I was starving and without other options.Had a great waiter .. Tyler.  He was very patient and suggested the brisket tacos that were so good. Next time I go back I will ask for him.  He made our dinner very enjoyable.I have been to three other Applebee's besides this one and I have to say this one is the worst so far. The server is the only reason this place is getting another star from me. The place does NOT look clean whatsoever. You walk in and feel you need a shower. We were seated right away which is nice. Now I have food allergies and I wanted a Bourbon black & bleu burger which comes with mushrooms, onions and peppers. I did not want the peppers due to my sensitive stomach. The waitress comes back to tell me the cooks yelled at her for even asking them to remove the peppers and that it was impossible. I had to have everything removed from the burger (mushrooms and onions). Then she tells me I can have the mushrooms and onions on the side for an extra price. I was so disgusted they would charge for something that should have been with the meal to begin with. I don't blame the waitress though since I know it was those terrible 'cooks' over in the kitchen. 
Never going back.This has got to be the worst chain restaurant on City Ave.  While the service makes an effort the food is absolutely bottom rung.  I've given this place a number of chances since its close by, but I'm officially finished.  The incredibly dry burger that seemed pre-cooked to death and then microwaved was the straw that broke the camels back.This Applebee's used to be my go-to place for a late night eat. From experience I can say that the server's are very hard to get a hold of. Not because they are busy but because they are too busy standing around chit chatting. The last time I was there, the server took away our plates without asking. When I told her I wasnt finished, she puts the plates back down AFTER she had already stacked them in her hand. I won't be back again.This restaurant needs a redo of food and cooks. The staff was very pleasant but the food and drinks were terrible. We ordered Long Island Iced Teas that tasted like the liquor was expired. The appetizers (sriracha shrimp tasted like old seafood and the bowl of spinach and artichoke dip was halfway filled). I ordered the bourbon street chicken and shrimp that was; lacking flavor. My niece's beef and potatoes required seasoning. We had food left over that we did not want to take with us.I gave this restaraunt 2 stars because the server was good. He was attentive and pleasant. I ordered 2 kids meals and 2 adult meals. The kids' meals came out cold. My food was mediocre in taste. At least it came out hot. I ordered steak and red potatoes. The meal did not look like the picture. I thought that the potatoes were roasted. They were more like hash browns.  The soda machine broke during our visit and I was unable to get a refill. I would say save your money or go to Chilli's.Order take out, Ribs, fries, house salad and a soda. never got the fries or soda, tibs were dry, and when called to tell them what happened, VERY RUDE, will not be coming back.Unbelievably horrible! Restaurant was empty and they sat 3 screaming kids next to us. We asked to move and the hostess said well I can't seat you anywhere else because the wait staff is in rotation and I just sat a table on the other open area. 
We could sit at the bar if we really wanted. We asked to see manager and he was cooking and offered to seat us on the other side, but after all the disrespect from the hostess we wanted to leave after we voiced nicely our concern.
Manager gave us some free appetizers vouchers--but seriously the place was EMPTY!
Such a disappointment and lack of customer service.  
Is there any such thing as customer service anymore?????This Applebee's is never packed when I am there but is also never empty.  My experience has been that service is slow and not very attentive.  I thought that the addition of the touchscreens would be a good change and helpful to check out or call server but they do nothing to help any of that.  The servers don't tread on other servers tables to help each other out so if your server is MIA then good luck.  The appetizers are really good.  The entrees are just chain restaurant food and nothing special.  The drinks are drinks.  There is always three servers near the front door that seem to just be hanging out so they definitely always get the door for you as you come and go.I'm usually a fan of these chain restaurants because for the most part, you know what you're getting into going in. I've yet to have a good experience at this Applebee's. it's never been absolutely terrible, but never real good. There is usually something wrong with at least one of our dishes, like over cooked steak, or something that doesn't taste quite right. Someone gave me a gift card so I stopped in for lunch, I had a cup of chili and a salad. Everything seemed alright, till after I left and wasn't feeling well. Oh well. It just wasn't meant to be.Came in with a big party and they were able to get us in on a pretty busy night so that was a plus.
Food came out in a timely manner.
Service was decent. I would have given 4 stars but the way the waitress handed the tip situation and basically demanded that I write a tip on my receipt (I'm a former server so I would never not tip and I don't know what she was thinking, but her whole attitude about the tip was unnecessary.) Otherwise, everything else was okay.Review of Carside to go - Horrible experience.  I called and was immediately put on hold for 7 minutes.  I called back and was put on hold again for another 7 minutes.  Hung up and called back and voiced my displeasure with the 15 minute hold just to order some chicken fingers and my order was taken right away. 
The chicken fingers was tasteless btwPretty good place to eat. Me and the old lady usually go here on date nights. Food is great, reasonably priced, and the wait staff is really friendly. Drinks are usually amazing, but for some reason, yesterday I had a pretty awful bloody Mary. They usually prepare this drink in a huge goblet with a lime and olives, yesterday it was a beer glass. Tasted really odd. I'm guessing its a new bartender or something. All in all, its a good place, fun atmosphere, and great food. Can't beat that!Typical Applebee's. But I actually love Applebee's. We always go for half prices apps after 9 and dessert. This location is usually crowded but the service is still very good.Outstanding greeting upon arrival..  clean restrooms and dining area. Food was mediocre... not sure why... subpar to other Applebees.This place almost lost a good customer, after being seated we waited 20 minutes.. before we were greeted..and then it was not even the waiter is our section...just a amazing gentleman named Alex.he turned the entire evening around he took such care of us.. going above and beyond.. if you want to enjoy your visit here please ask to sit in his section..if not dine at your own risk..Food is what is expected, but the 1 star is for service
Lazy and lazy. Waited for service then try and get another drink. No one asked how everything was, forget about getting a box to get anything wrapped
The help were all gathered looking at their phones
And this was my second time there, just figured it was a bad shift
Figured wrong.. Decent food shitty serviceNice place food was good and I tried the boneless wings and the chicken tortilla soup which was good. The server was very nice checked up on us couple times and explained everything for usMenu needs to expand. Miss the tequila n tango selection. Good weekly drink specials and ladies night on a Wednesday.My worst Applebees experience!
Don't get me wrong, me and my wife love Applebees. We've tried out Applebees across many states when traveling but by far, this branch is the worst!
Horrible customer service. To enumerate, food took 45 mins before it came out (1 app and 2 entrees) our server forgot our appetizers, entree's was served cold and worst of all my steak was not cooked medium!!!
It seemed to me that our server was not paying attention or her mind is somewhere else. I don't know. I often look to see if she's around but she's not, so asking for something like water, sauce or ketchup would take you a long time. To me, it looks like she doesn't care at all.
We will never eat at this branch again.Can' t go wrong w/Applebee's and this doesn't disappoint.  Good speedy service at a resoanable price for sureYou're probably wondering why I came back to this place since I rated it 1 star last time... well, it's within walking distance from my house and again I wanted to try out trivia...and again I was denied. That was expected so we continued the evening anyway for half priced apps and the drink specials. Once again the service was just subpar. The waitress didn't know anything when we asked her and mixed up orders when we literally ordered only two things. She got multiple beers sent to our table when we ordered 1 (but I guess none of us complained about that). It was also hard not to overhear the table next to us complain to the manager about the quality of the food, which was mediocre at best. Again, this is Applebee's but I expect more.  I worked at one location a few years ago as a hostess and know that the service was much better overall where I worked and if I ever treated a customer the way some of the staff treats the customers at this chain I would probably not have a job anymore. This is a cry for help to the managers at this place because it's within walking distance from my house and I WANT TO COME HERE but I keep being let down. SOSApplebees constantly updates their menu, haven't been there in forever and I was happy to see there were tons of healthy options! I got the shrimp and chicken with vegetables, and were all awesome. Also, they have brownie bites with ice cream...for only $1...and it's the perfect size for a dessert that you can still split and not feel too gross after. Our waitress was really nice, and the manager was great and when we mentioned the steak wasn't done as expected he immediately ordered another one, even when we insisted we didn't need one. Overall great option for quick, no wait dinner in the Northeast...that's 100% better than that Olive Garden down the street...Food is not super great at this applebees.  French onion soup cheese looks like its rotten, cooks never understand the concept of well done chees.  Spinach dip is bland, steal taste like alpo dog food.  Better applebees in east norriton or jenkintownDecent friendlier staff then I'm use to and was very clean today hmmm maybe a new manager I like itBeen to many Applebee's and this by far the worst. In fact, anything off of Ridge Ave is the worst. We got the 2 for $25 deal and both of our meals were not correctly made. We've been to plenty of Applebee's throughout the phila area and never experienced such bad service. My 3 cheese pasta did not have any cheese on it and my gf's pasta dish was served in a big pool of grease.. the cooks obviously did not know the recipes. My pasta had a piece of plastic in it which made us have to check our plates and left us with an unsettling feeling. There were 4 different people who brought us our food, drinks, and salads so it wasn't even clear who we could complain to.. everyone was very unprofessional. Needless to say, I would never go back to this Applebee's and will tell of our experience to people so they don't go either. Honestly, the place should be shut down IMO.Waiter Mike was very pleasant,customer friendly and he has worked here for three months. To me everything interaction matters when I sit down at a restaurant from my great at door to my good bye when I leave. We ordered from the 2 for 20 meal"The baby back ribs". They were very tasty. They taste like they had a whole pig in the back roasting lol. 
Back to my experience .... Please visit this restaurant and make sure you ask for Mike...I came to this Applebees twice with a group.  Each time, mistakes were made, the service was bad, and the food was poor quality.
When my boyfriend was given a gift card to Applebees, we decided to try their take-out option to avoid another bad experience.  We ordered two ordinary menu items by phone.  The girl who took the order said that our food would take 15 to 20 minutes to be ready for pick up.  It took one full hour.  
We arrived 15 minutes after we placed the order and sat on a bench at the front of the restaurant for 45 minutes.  The teenager at the desk basically pretended that we weren't there.  Several other people sat around waiting for their take-out orders too.  This was a Wednesday night, and the restaurant did not look busy at all.
At the hour mark, a waitress dropped off several take-out bags in a little alcove nearby.  She came out and delivered one bag to a girl who was waiting.  The other bags sat in the room unattended.
Finally, a waiter arrived, picked up our bag from the alcove, and took our payment.  All he said was, "Is there anything else I can get you?"  Are you kidding?
Because it had been neglected, our food was cold.  We waited an hour for cold, part soggy, part dry, bland, unhealthy food.
No one said "Sorry for the wait," "We're really busy tonight," or "Let me see what's taking so long."  No one even acknowledged that we had been waiting.
How does this place stay open?Went here on a Friday night for the half price apps and drinks. It was packed, but we were seated immediately in the bar area. It's definitely a good deal for the half price drinks and apps!The food here is pretty good and inexpensive. This is a good low-end restaurant... nothing fancy. Good place to watch sports or just hang out. Alot like Bennigan's.Staff is friendly. Occasionally I get a slow waiter/waitress. The food is usually good but not enough for the money. They give u these giant bowls/plates with a tiny amt of food. Just tried the American BLT - which says- Six slices of crisp Applewood smoked bacon piled high and smothered with melted American cheese on freshly toasted Tuscan bread with smoky mayo, fresh iceberg lettuce and tomato slices. Thats a lie! It's 3 pcs of bacon. Since they cut the sandwich in half I guess that's the 6pcs they are counting. And.... my smokey mayo was on the side. WHY? Why would you put it on the side unless I ask for it on the side? I was not impressed!I was very satisfied with my to-go order from Applebee's. I got the Mac and cheese with chicken tenders, root beer, vanilla milkshake. Everything was delicious! We also ordered the Triple Bacon Burger, Whiskey Burger, Raspberry Lemonade, Raspberry Iced Tea, Fiesta Lime Chicken, mozzarella sticks, an apple fritter, and another vanilla milkshake and everyone was super satisfied with their order. It was the perfect portion size!!Food was ok but the service was horrible. I wouldn't recommend this applebee's to anyone.The food here was average at best, but the triple chocolate meltdown was really good. One downside was that I told the waiter it was my girlfriends birthday, but no one came to sang or anything.Believe it.  When you read these posts, understand these are real life experiences and if the majority of them are saying the same thing it will probably be your experience too and you should probably decide to go somewhere else.This place is awesome because of our waiter Tyler!!
Please help him out because he works so hard and is very nice and helpfulMy woman picked me up from work and told me Applebee's was getting delivered. I was reverting my hunger pangs were taught. We get to the woman's house, which is across the street from the bee's, mind you, and the food wasn't there. It said between 7:00 and 7:15 and it be 7:16 now. Where my mozz sticks. Where my neighborhood nacho beef? Where my cedar salmon with mustard glaze? By the wAy, you cCANNOT order the half off apps. You apparently have to be in store. Whatever. I'll probably stop by for some miller lite later anyway.It's what you'd expect from a place like this.  
Loud, obnoxious, mediocre food.  The saving grace is it was pretty cheap and the waiter was pretty helpful and honest about what to order and what not to order.
I ordered a Queso appetizer, and it was watery.  Not what I expect when I'm ordering chips and dip.
Dinner was a chicken, cheese, and pasta dish.  Pasta was undercooked, chicken was badly badly overcooked (charred).  
I guess you get what you pay for.Very rude at first, no host to seat us a nearby waitress looked at us and just walked by so we ended up seating ourselves but our waitress was very attentive and listened to our complaintsThe food came out fast and we were seated fast. Our server was patient, friendly and attentive for the most part. The only complaints I had was we had a pile of plates on the table (app and entree plates) and they took a while to take them off the table. I ordered a burger and they were stingy with the sauce.I'm new to Philadelphia but my friend once brought me here and we had a really bad experience with 2 employees kept looking and laughing at us I called the supervisor over to let him know what was happening he immediately took actions so I thought that was nice when it came to the food they brought plate by plate out with a 3- 5 min distance to eacother we had 5 kids with us there excuse was children get served first but if that was the case they should have served all 5 at the same time.... then me and my friend waited another 10 min for our food..... So since the supervisor was so nice and friendly to us he also gave us a complementary meal... so I decided to come back with my family and it was a bad idea the waiter did not get our order at all rite of course blame the people in the back rite but what was funny was they didn't get all the orders wrong once they got it wrong 5 times we were so hungry and just getting done work so I was getting really upset because of my kids it was 7:30.... long story short I tried again because of the supervisor being so polite but this Applebee's I don't recommendBurger had three day old bun , waiting for replacement , ate at bar Great Tv good Bartenders , food not that good , how can you mess up an American classic like a BurgerIt's Applebee's, nothing more or less than you'd expect. Definitely better than any of the local diners for a late-night meal. I wanted to give recognition to the management at this location. Anytime any part of the meal isn't satisfactory, they go above and beyond to not only make it right but take the time to make sure you're absolutely satisfied. It doesn't even have to be regarding an actual complaint. They seem to pay attention to what servers are relaying to the kitchen about a missing or wrong item and are extremely proactive about making sure orders are correct and satisfactory. It's not often to see such helpful, proactive management at chain restaurants as they have here.I visited for lunch yesterday while running errands  In what appeared to be a non busy time for this Applebee's location. It took 10 mins to get seated.
  The service is this location is very slow it took 15 minutes just to place an order by our waiter.  The waiter apologize for the wait saying that his section had just calm down from a crazy lunch rush.  If we had to wait another 5 minutes I was considering walking out without ordering.
  In the section we were sitting there were 2 other tables. However I noticed the rest of the section still had dirty dishes everywhere on the tables. So maybe they don't have any bus boys  to clean the tables. 
    Needless to say I placed an order of chicken broccoli Alfredo and my friend placed an order of baby back ribs.  The food was good however compared to other Applebee's locations did not taste as good as others.  When we paid our check it took the waiter 5 minutes to return with our change. Unacceptable speed of service.
   My opinion of this location over all is the service is poor and that and it appears to be mis-managed.The best part about this place is the bar staff.  They're always great, attentive, helpful and quick to refill your glass.  There are some tasty cocktails on the menu, but I think the basics are best.  It's not the best place to watch a game, as their TVs are placed high and have limited selection.  The seating is also strange for the TV viewing.  The food here is just below average.  It's salty and everything seems heavy.  It doesn't even look appetizing to me on TV - and if they can't make the commercials look good, that's a problem.  Sometimes I pop in here for a drink after work, before shopping at Kohls, but that's about it.  I don't go for meals anymore.I absolutely LOVE Applebee's.  Everything!  The food, the service, the restuarant, the atmosphere, everything!
I love the Carside ToGo!  Like I said! Everything!
I am never disappointed when I visit this place.  Always helped fast, never a terribly long wait, the waiters are pleasant and professional.  The drinks aren't watered down, and the General Manager of this location cares about his customers!Can't even rate this Applebee's. Was there last night with a group of people, ordered drinks which came about hour after we ordered, had to ask the dim waitress for water, I never received my beer that was ordered and as for the food, waited to that to come out I never received my dinner,
Told
Waitress three times, and still nothing. Beer and meal taken off bill. Manager could
Care less what his staff does. They are slow and could give a shit if you eat or drink, they are more concerned about be ignorant to people, like I owe them something. It was disgusting and they sucked as waitress and management all should
Be fired !!!!!!Where to start. Ordered go to and they said they will bring it out curb side. Waited 15 minutes once I got here and passed the time they said it would be ready. I went into the restaurant and 5 employees are standing around and just looked at me. Then after telling them what I was here for i waited another 10 minutes for my food. After I got it and glad I looked before I left it was cold and my wrap had a few small pieces of chicken in it. They seam to not care about customers and their food they serve. I will never be coming back here. Make people want to come back not as they are a Burden to you and the staff.This Applebee's is so convenient right at Henry and ridge ave. All Applebee's taste the same, but this one has a very friendly staff and the restaurant is generally cleanWent with a bigger group, and chose the Bees because I expected them to have open table to seat us (and they did). 
Hadn't been for a while and it was as I had expected for Applebee's. Which is disappointing, because I had low expectations. Server was kind, but everything else was just - meh, it's ok. 
From the speed of service (slow to start), to the temp of food when it came out (not hot), to the environment (table and booth sticky). I ordered off the 2 for 20 and what I thought was hilarious was their choice of how to cook the burger - the menu literally instructed you to choose pink or no pink. Lol.Female manager with short hair was very nice and accommodating. Unfortunately I didn't get her name, she took my girlfriends burger off the receipt because she noticed she didn't like it. Food was great, fast, and nice new look inside.I never complain when I go out to eat because I understand sometimes people are having a bad day but damn!!! Our waitress was absolutely horrible. She wouldn't know what hospitality was if it hit her smack in the head.
 While we were being seated I noticed a server sitting at the table next to where we were sat. Apparently it was her section. We waited five minutes before she even got up to greet us. When she made it to our table (mind you there were only 3 tables occupied in the entire restaurant) she dropped app plates, silverware and napkins at our table and just walked away. Didn't say hi, didn't say anything just dropped the dishes and walked away. 10 minutes go by and she still has yet to even greet us or take a drink order. While we were sitting here thirsty and hungry she was at the back POS system just chatting it up with 3 other coworkers!! Are you flipping kidding me!!! Thank goodness for the computers at the table because I hit see server. As I am watching her do nothing she finally comes over and said oh are you ready? I said hon you haven't even asked us if we wanted anything to drink. Horrible! Absolutely horrible! At this point I just wanted to leave but I gave her the benefit of the doubt. We gave her our entire order so we didn't have to wait again for her to decide to want to work. That was the last time we saw her. I had to ask for the manager and explain that she is the absolute worse server and that she just lost a customer. She was apologetic, sweet and corrected the situation professionally. Our server didn't even crack a grin. She never dropped our check nor checked on us at all during our dining experience. I will be calling corporate tomorrow. Don't ever go to the crapplebees on the blvd. It doesn't matter who your server is they suck!!! I'll drive to bensalem or newtown location because I know they have great service. best part of my experience tonight was the male host who greeted us promptly with a smile.So we did take out and were very pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious, the portions good, and reasonably priced! Our expectations were definitely exceeded!Horrible service here! It took them forever to attend my table. Yet our server came around twice and didn't even refill our waters, food was cold. Look at this box??? Such a joke..I was never really a fan of chain restaurants to begin with, but this took the cake for one of the worst experiences ever.
First off all,  We were greeted by a server carrying about 8 dirty glasses, after she just finished clearing a table.  The greeting was very bland and this server did not seem at all like she wanted to be there.  Next, we were passed onto another waitress who wasn't sure where she wanted to seat us.  Finally ,we were seated in the corner... The table was ok.  It was a table for 6 when I only had a group of 2.
The service was mediocre.  The server was kind, but not overly friendly.
The icing on the cake, however, was that one of the servers decided it was time to clean and actually got down under our table to sweep while we were eating!
When we got the check, Philadelphia was spelled incorrectly, and to my surprise our bill was extremely high.  $7 for a beer.  C'mon now.
...Wouldn't go again anytime soon.Quesadilla Burgee , don't even know why I ordered this in the first place , smothered in diced tomatoes ... smh it was sloppily put together and the mango lemonade tasted like water , never again , I'll stick to what I know , lesson learnedJust about everything that could be wrong with a restaurant was wrong here. The wait was so long I felt almost obligated to stay since I'd already invested so much time, dining area was unclean with fries crushed into dirty carpeting, MULTIPLE tables not bused, house flies buzzing around and a weird smell. Staff wandered around aimlessly with seemingly no sense of what they were supposed to be doing unless they were stopping to shoot the breeze with each other. I didn't see anyone who appeared to have any managerial responsibilities. The bar was hopping though, so I suspect that's why this place is still open at all. 
Our waiter was the only bright spot. He seemed to want to be efficient in a place that just isn't. He moved quickly, remained pleasant and served the stale chips with spinach dip with all the enthusiasm he could muster, bless his heart. The rest are of the meal (bacon cheeseburgers and the shrimp sirloin thingumabob) did little to acquit this place of being hands down one of the very worst paid dining experiences I've ever had. Food wasn't worth the aggravation.This is by far the best (and only) Applebee's that I enjoy going to. They have good food and good prices. My wife and I are not into chain eateries, but this particular Applebee's is actually pretty good.So a fight broke out right in the area where me and my mom was eating. The manager didn't call the cops and the man they were beating on was allowed to stay along with his party. The staff didn't even talk to the other patrons to make sure everyone was ok. When the staff was standing around trying to figure out what was going on someone yelled "get back to work." I was honestly afraid someone was going to pull a gun out at one point. On another note Brittany was not very attentive. I had to tell her several times that I did not want meat on my salad and at one point she said "well I'll put beef on it" being smart. She didn't even come by with the bill or asked if wanted the bill. I paid it on the screen. She never came by to thank us for coming or anything. So I would definitely not recommend this Applebee's to anyone.I'm not an Applebee's fan, but the husband likes it, so we go sometimes. This visit confirmed why I don't like it. I had the jalapeño shrimp which was supposed to come with veggies, rice, and black bean corn salsa. Well the salsa was not present on my plate at all. The shrimp tasted like they were seasoned with old bay, not even a hint of lime or jalapeño. He thought his meal was ok, although to me his chicken looked overcooked. And we had to wait longer than necessary for drink refills, so the service didn't make up for the shortfalls in the kitchen. Overall, I can't recommend this particular Applebee's, although honestly I've never had a great experience at any Applebee's.Applebee's are never different from each other but this one has some great servers who are super nice to you and informative. It's nice to go there because you know you'll be taken care of.  Their drinks are great too. Never had to wait- even on a Saturday or Sunday. Which is always a plus.  My girlfriend and I always start girls night here when it's her choice. Great location. Close to Main Street too!Service was terrible. Waited over 20 minutes to be addressed. Almost considered leaving.  Then the food came. I ordered the half rack of ribs and it was drenched with bbq sauce to the point I had to scoop half of it off. Overall a bad experience and I will not return to this branch.Horrible experience. Had a 20 minute wait and the restaurant was almost empty. Both my best friend and I got steak. She ordered medium well and got well. I ordered medium rare and got rare. On top of that, they gave us plastic forks and knifes because they "were all out of regular utensils" How does one manage to cut a steak with a plastic knife? Craziness..I always enjoy my lime chicken entrees and the spinach dip is yummy. The staff is nice as well.I don't understand why not use all the booths if people are sitting across from each other. That part just doesn't make since to me plus the booths have the back of each of them way up. Maybe it's just me. But the food is still the same good just the drinks have to get better!'Everything about this place is completely average or a bit below...the food, the décor, the noise level, the cleanliness, the clientele. The servers tend to be nice. There are better restaurants close by. Go to one instead of here.This Applebee's location is awesome! Mainly due to the employees, drinks, and food...in that order! Thirsty? Grab a to go drink during this pandemic or dine in and have some food with your drink! Unfortunately there's no bar action yet and they have a nice a nice distancing set up too for dining in. The food was good as usual and I recommend the chicken and shrimp stuff from my picture! Lol just show it to em when you ready to order!This place is a sewer.  Do they dig in the dumpster of a real restaurant and serve it?  
I've tried this place off a few times over the past almost 10 years, and it ALWAYS SUCKS.
How can you have this bad of service for close to a decade, presumably with changing managers, wait staff, and cook, and it always sucks.  
The service is a joke, I'd be almost better off grabbing the food myself.  My good friend even talked me into having breakfast there, and it was cold, dried out, and the sausage tasted like it was came out of a broken freezer at a dollar store...
I'm gonna need someone to pay me to eat there again...Even if the food here was superb, which it wasn't, the service really killed it all.
While taking our order, the server decided to sit down with us. I understand it is good to be comfortable with your guests, but i do believe there is a thin line which he overstepped and that was very unprofessional. 
While my two friends ordered a three cheese chicken with penne pasta, i ordered a freshcada chicken entree. However, that was not what came. Instead, I received another entree and so they took it back and gave me what I ordered.
When my friends and I ordered the dessert shooters, we thought it was very good so we ordered another one with the little tablet provided to us. However, it never came and the server came and told us it might not have gone through. So, we just told him to forget about it because we were kinda full anyways. 
Upon receiving the check, there were two orders of the shooters on there so our server told us he would take the check to his manager to change it. The manager comes to us and instead of apologizing for the mistake, she tried to pin the blame on us and told us that the machine asks twice if we would like to order before actually placing the order. When I explained to her what happened, she said "i'll take it off this time but I'm letting you know for next time if you don't want it, dont order it." 
That was the rudest service every given and if I was taught any less than my mother taught me, I would've got in her face.I love their house sangria and on Saturday there just $4.00.  I like the service the staff has been friendly and the food is pretty goodWent to this Applebee's with my friends and we were SO DISAPPOINTED, being that we drove 15 minutes to get there as well. We always come for the half-off appetizers due to how good and cheap they come out to be. BUT THIS TIME, when we ordered our waitress (who had a really fake and unappealing personality) ASSUMED that we were getting the $11 SAMPLER APPETIZERS  - WHICH MEANT SMALLER PORTIONS FOR MORE MONEY - rather than the regular sized appetizers. In the end, we were SO APPALLED by the SIZE of our food for the price we paid. And as we were walking out of the restaurant we glanced at the other tables food - which had the FULL SIZED APPETIZERS. We literally ordered regularly and we ended up dealing with it because MY FRIENDS AND I ARE NICE PEOPLE.The food is alright. (Except the apps- they're delicious!) the service is subpar. For instance, I was there last night and ordered a beer which came out totally flat. I politely apologized for being a bother, but asked for a new one please. I got a "uhm...alright." I said thanks when the new one got brought out but got ignored. (Also, I asked for bud light on tap, and instead of telling me they didn't have bud light on tap she just gave me coors light thinking I wouldn't notice.) when I asked for a second beer, I again got the response "uh, okay." No apology for the flat beer, no you're welcomes, no good service. I've worked in this industry for some time & I understand how hard it can be, so I typically do not complain. But I also know how people should be treated.Raw chicken in my salad. Called Grub Hub to report and Applebee's refused to give me a refund and I offered to send the picture! Grub hub was gracious enough to give me a $10 coupon.  Completely unprofessional and dangerous!!! Please avoid for your own safety!My friend and I got the 2 for 20 deal. We got the boneless buffalo wings (which are my favorite) for our appetizer. I got the quesadilla burger which was good but very filling and she got the chicken fingers which were average. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive!This location is horrible and knew I was making a mistake by stopping here before I even walked in. I was hospitalized and hadn't ate in 11 hours. Ordered appetizer sampler and meal. 45 mins later my meal comes and the server said my sampler got messed up so it would be out soon. Like what? I sat there miserable for 45 mins waiting for my apps I was furious. My husbands shrimp looked raw he didn't even eat it. Service was was joke server was no where to be found for new drinks. Forgot to give me sour cream and marinara and again server was no where to be found. Horrible horrible horribleThe All You Can Eat riblets were borderline inedible! The deal seems worth it at first, but the quality of the riblets made the experience very disappointing. Hardly any meat on the bones. Thankfully, you can switch back and forth between the shrimp and the boneless wings. However, the time in between the refills makes you regret even trying the deal out! 
We had a party of 16 so I completely understand how daunting the task is, but the wait was absolutely too long, even for drinks. It took 30 minutes to get someone to take our drink order. A group of waiters/waitresses was standing around and when we called their attention, they showed no care nor hustle.
We didn't want to but we had to call the manager over a few times throughout our visit, for the bad service (lack of attention in general and to our questions/requests).On Mother's Day   
I ordered food from 
Apple bees 
& didn't receive it 
After standing up there for more than a hour  
 They told me I canceled my 
Order Wich was not true
And to their activity I had to cancel my credit card due totwo different prices on the receipt and on bank statements on the card are used to purchase the foodAbsolute WORST service of any restaurant I've ever been to. Waiting at the to-go pickup counter for over 5 mins, multiple servers and staff walking by, looking at me, but unwilling to acknowledge me. It's been a long time since I've been *shocked* by such poor service. 
As I was contemplating calling the restaurant from inside the restaurant to request assistance with my order, I saw a server walking by (the 4th to walk directly past me), so I stood in her path and asked for my order.
That's how you have to get served here--you have to literally block someone's path so they will acknowledge you.
UPDATE: I've been here 20 mins, still no sign of the food. Uhh ... doesn't this defeat the entire purpose of "call ahead, to-go ordering" ??? | Finally received the order after 26 mins. I will say that Mercedys, the actual to-go person who I didn't speak to until she brought out the order was EXTREMELY nice.FOOD POISON ALERT I got food poison there on January 2, 2020 at approximately 6:30 PM! Do not eat here! Especially the broccoli chicken Alfredo! I've been throwing up and having diarrhea since I left there!  You have been warned! 
STAY AWAY!Of all the casual food restaurants, Applebees is my least favorite. Always was; always will be. Nothing has changed through the years. Food is mediocre at best - highlighted by small portions and high prices. The $9.99 lunch duo is a joke. My small plate arrived with a very small bowl of soup and an equally small sized salad. Don't be fooled into thinking you are getting regular-sized portions if you order one of the "2 for ..." or "Choose 2..." deals. Regular sized portions are way overpriced for a restaurant of this calibre. I can't see spending $17.99 or $18.99 for an entre at an Applebees when I can go into a much better venue for the same price. Today's visit will probably be my last at an Applebees. Server was lovely; it's the chain itself which I do not find worth it.We use to get car side to go all the time but they just keep getting worse and when we called after waiting on hold for 15min we get the wait another 25min n then get home to realize they messed up 4 items outta 7 we call back they say come back then the man manger on tonight wants to give us an attitude b/c his works are classless and useless people hire people who know how to speak and maybe some matter and also you should make sure they know how to put in order in sad when u mess up a order of appetizers 
Would have given no stars if possible 
Don't waste your time or money hereI'm not too big on giving reviews but this one was very much needed because I didn't like the way our server serviced us because it seems as she had an attitude the whole time and I ordered a burger and stressed that I didn't want any bacon (pork) and low and behold my burger comes out with bacon and I just caught myself from biting into a bacon burger not to mention my mother in law ordered chicken tenders that were cooked too hard and she had the nerve to tell her to try them it might not be that hard smh I really like this spot but it might be my last time sorryHalf off appetizers after 9pm. The best deal. Great for after a fun night out at the barOrdered carside to go. Parked in the designated spots. Sign says to download the app or go to Applebees.com and Text "I've arrived" to let them know I was there. There's no number listed to text. So I ended up calling the restaurant to let them know I was there. They said they aren't doing curbside and that I had to walk into the restaurant. So I get to the front door and it's locked. Now they have a doorbell. Stood there ringing for awhile. Finally, the girl I probably spoke to on the phone comes out. Not very pleasant. When I get home, the food was very cold and the serving size of the veggies are about a 1/4 of a cup full. I'm very disappointed.No, this is not my neighborhood, but Mickey treats you like family!! COVID has essentially messed up my Thursday night out but at least I get to pop in to see my favorite bartender. I can only speak from the view of the bar, because it's the only place I will sit. If there's no bar seat, I'm waiting or leaving because I absolutely know I'm not going to get the same level of service that he brings. He knows your food order, how you take your drinks, remembers your last conversation and never ceases to provide exceptional customer service. During COVID they don't have a full menu and they have the social distance seating thing down. They wear shields and masks. There is sanitizer out for patrons and they have a pick up table for online orders. There are still drink specials however minimal.The food was hot, but took all day and it was pretty empty on a Friday night around 8pm. Breanna our waiter was not very attentive. She gave us food with no utensils, food with no napkins. She seemed like she wanted to be somewhere else. Next time I'll go to chilis.The food was good i had ordered the 3 samples for $14.99 and i just thought it would've been more then 3 things in each dish but when i go there it be like 6/8 on my place the need to just do better with their take out ordersAwful service. Ordered because they are close by. Because their website was not allowing me to place my order after trying several times I had to call it in. I thought not a big deal until I there and they don't have my order. They had no explanation o other than they stopped taking orders at 7:45. I began my online ordering before 7 but ordered over the phone at 7:30 and had an 8:01 pickup time.   Not returning for some timeWhy do companies couple forgettable food with horrendous service and let the formula continue while making no discernible efforts to make things better?  We stopped at an Appleby's once when the torrential rain made it dangerous to be on the road.  We had the burger and ribs.  Worse we ever had? No.  Memorable?  No.  But the service?  It's clear that Appleby's and many of the other chains have retreated from the notion of fielding a competent floor staff. Abandoned the idea  completely.  Can't argue, its their store.  But maybe they can screen applicants for the servers positions by giving them an IQ test.  Not a ridiculous idea.  Being a waitron is the default job for students on vacation, hard on their luck single moms and others who need a quick paycheck.  Its viewed as no brainer.  Its anything but.  If your IQ is less than say 115, its pretty clear that on a moderately busy night you'll be challenged as when you have more than one table, you're going to need to think, set priorities and keep at least 2 balls aloft in the intellectual plenum.  If a new hire has passed the Cattell, send them out on the floor with this tiny primer, don't let them follow an "experienced" server, we know that doesn't work.  The primer.  PLEASANT - Approach your table with a smile and say hello.  Don't tell them your name because hungry people don't care.  TIMELY - If anything from the drinks, to the food, to the check takes more than 5 minutes, tell your guests the truth and offer to make their wait as tolerable as possible.  EFFICIENT - Before you leave the kitchen, see what has to go out, not just the table you're presently concerned with and when leaving the dining room, do the same, consolidate your trips.  The time you save accrues on each saved trip.  Don't let any of your guests or any guest with whom you make contact leave without giving them a smile. A server doing the above and coupling that approach with decent food is the way restaurant patrons "have a nice day"Good food,good beer,service was pretty good,if they could just clean up that place and get rid of that (rodent,flea like odor) this place might be a nice place to hang out and relax.typicalCame to the applebees and our waiter didnt know anything about the menu, there was a ridiculous ammount of salt and grease on the entrees and the cherry on top is the mac and cheese was made with pasta and there was hair in it, absolutely terrible!Wow dine here today first time back since they reopened.. The food was great, our server was attentive and our food was delivered on time and in the correct order. My soup was a little cold but that was addressed quickly. Will definitely be back and would recommendLet me be transparent here...I'm not usually a fan of Applebee's. It's just not usually what I want in a meal. That said, when it's you and three hungry girls wearing cleats and carrying field hockey stick you do as you're told. 
We stopped in at this Applebee's after my daughter and her teammates had been at a field hockey camp and they wanted FOOD. We started with nachos and onion rings  and I don't think the girls even tasted them. Three of us  ordered burgers with fries and one ordered a chicken Caesar salad and a chicken quesadilla (we ended up splitting that). 
Our meals were all actually pretty good, but the service was really slow (waitress was nice, but the food took too long to come out). All our burgers came out as requested and the fries were well done. Overall it was a pretty good experience.This is the WORST Applebees I've ever been to. I usually LOVE Applebee's but this place has the UTMOST WORST service ever. The server was never around, didn't provide us napkins when we asked for them, and never gave us any utensils until we asked for them. We waited 1 hr 5 mins before we got our food. We were charged 15% gratuity for the horrible service. We had to wait 30 mins before the waiter came to get the check after we complained to the manager. To top it off, the manager didn't care and simply told us they're short on staff. Nobody even apologized for anything. Then, when half of us paid by cash and the other pay by credit card, we were charged another $2.00 gratuity on EACH credit. Once again, there was no apology. I left this Applebee very upset. I have never been so upset about any service before in my life. And, I will never ever go back to this one again. 
If anybody intend to come here, make sure to stay away from Jeffrey the waiter and Peter the manager.The worse Applebee's...waited 10 minutes to be seated in a section that had literally 12 empty tables. Waited another 15 minutes before we walked out and our table was never even seen. After the day i had I couldn't even order a Blue Moon.I have one word for this Applebees......ghetto...
Upon walking in, there was a strong odor of pee...not just pee but the smell of pee underneath a strong odor of some kind of crappy cleaner...
Also the service here was no good. The waitress was always no where to be found. When she finally got to us she asked "are you ready to order?"..we didn't even have drinks yet...
It was hard to get refills on drinks since she was MIA mostly
I don't know what it is about this area and the franchises just all having horrid service!
The food we got was ok. Our second round of pretzels were burnt..so we didn't finish them...
There was a table behind us arguing with our waitress over their bill. Pretty sure it was an argument over $3...if you are CHEAP don't go out to eat!!! I was literally about to hand them $5 just to shut them up! Their convo went on for over 5 minutes..
Our drink menu was bent and sticky, the whole place just looks like a hole in the wall version of Applebees...
I will NOT be returning here.1. This is a 3.5 but you know how the stars work here. Overall I'm not a fan of these types of restaurants but it wasn't my call so I found something to order. This was a delivery order on doordash so first props for getting it all correct. We did two 3 course meals $11.99 each, it's a good deal. My entree was shrimp wonton stir fry, it was good but there was no wonton, still ok tho. My friend had the bacon cheese burger, and it was appreciated that he could sub fries for a side which was loaded mash for a 1.29 up charge. Overall not a bad meal, inexpensive and plenty of food. Apps were wings and 2 salads, they included all the sauces and dressing. I personally would never choose to eat here but if the cards fell that way I wouldn't be mad about it.Ok food, but i went to pick up during pandemic, it was confusing tho. They have two door (front and side door) for pickup, went to the side but tell me go to the front. Why can't they just make it into only one side...We tried going in here for a birthday celebration...but when we walked in at about 3:30 pm, there was a HORRIBLE smell inside. I thought it might just be at the door, so we walked in toward the bar...and it got WORSE. The hostess tried to seat us, but we ran out of there to catch our breath. It smelled like dirty wet dogs. Not sure what is going on there, but WOW.This was the worse dining experience ever. Service was crappy, the food even worse and they had the audacity to serve this moldy strawberry to my son. And the manager or head could whoever he was could learn some manners and some professionalism. I would never eat her againThis has been my worst experience ever at any restaurant period. And I work in this industry. Like wtf is wrong with y'all. Never ever go here unless you wanna feel like you wanna be talked to sarcastically by a manger. Applebee's is trash.I have been coming here for years. Alone, and often with family. Last night, their POS system was down since 4PM, and the management neglected to inform me upon seating. Honestly, it didn't seem any customers were informed. The manager Richard Tyler made no effort to handle his customers appropriately in light of this situation. Ultimately, once informed, I was directed to online website to pay. It should have occurred to me if that in store wasn't working, how would this work. It may have been another data breach like the one in 2018 that Applebee's experienced. I spent 20 minutes trying to pay, along with my daughter trying as well - WHY would my child have to pay for my meal!!?? This made me run late picking up another family member that needed me. The only resolution offered by the manager Richard was his CashApp...!??? Once addressed about the situation, i got a half-hearted apology, an explanation that he didn't have time to talk to a foreigner on the phone to fix the problem,  and frustration. But, i am sure the party of staff at the high top table across from me and my daughter,  were comped THEIR shots, drinks, and apps, right!????. I even overheard another table being told they could not use a GIFT CARD either!  If this is a franchised location, corporate should really look into the management of this establishment. The way myself and other patrons were treated last night, i feel we all, who were inconvenienced,  should be credit back our payments. I will be contacting corporate Monday.Went for a late night bite & Javonna & Julian were very nice. Bar service was on point with quick delivery of food & drink. The chicken quesadillas & chicken won tons were very good. The bar area was clean & tidy. Will definitely visit again for a late nite bite!!!Came here for a quick dinner tonight, overall it was decent.  We got the 2 for $25 entree plus one appetizer to share deal! What we weren't thrilled about was that things like flavored iced tea are not free refills. 
Our appetizer was the spinach artichoke dip, and it was pretty good. It was a little greasy but overall not bad! We actually both got the same appetizer, Bourbon Street chicken and shrimp. The waiter had told us how amazing it was and I'll be honest I was a tad underwhelmed. My boyfriend on the other hand, LOVED IT! I thought the chicken was a little too garlicky, like going to leave a gross taste in your mouth gross. But the potatoes were good, and the chicken was well cooked. Also points for being one of the lower calorie options that was still very filling!! 
Our waiter was super nice though! Applebees is applebees, it's average but occasionally it'll do and will be a decent meal!!Service took way too long. Very poor don't coke if you expect to be treated like a good customerThey never delivered my food...30.00$ gone I put in my address no call although I entered my mobile number...oh well!This is a review on their take-out as I just came home from work and decided to pick up some food.
The food. Horrible. Not worth the price and I wish I just swung over to McDonald's because their prices are better and well, presentation wise their burgers are better. Take a look at these pictures I'll post on the setup and the meat was burnt. 
The people there are nice and the person who took my order was as well. I don't know about their dine-in experience but the food has to be better because this was just absolutely a disaster.I came here with a coworker for some after work relaxation....
As the hostess was seating us he appeared to be confused as to where to sit us although this time of night the place was practically empty.
Once seated waiters walked past us but never came to our table. We had to grab the attention of one of the waiters to help us out.
Our order was finally taken and shortly after our drinks and food arrived.Hate to say this, but they have MICE in this place! A few months ago i went in there with a friend. We were sitting right near the entrance and as we got our drinks and were preparing to order... My friends sees a mouse! Right under our feet and going across the room under tables. He jumped from the shock and actually spilled his drink over me. I almost got on the table! Then we got up and nervously waited for the waitress to tell her what happened. In the end they didnt say much, just didnt charge for our drink but we left anyway. Meanwhile, a young couple sitting right across from us just stared at us in sinlence as if thinking we are crazy... They stayed!... We never went back!
By the way, just from experience prior to that day, their service sucks and its smelly and sticky there. YUCK! Im pretty sure a lot other restaurants have mice... But at least learn to hide them!! Yuck! yuck! yuck!!!The place was empty and it took over 40 minutes to get our food...that came out WRONG.  Never will I go back!  It was a disgusting experience...I don't usually provide "Reviews" but felt it necessary in this case. This evening I placed a large order for my Husband's birthday. It consisted of 2 racks of ribs, 1 chicken breast with broccoli and mashed potatoes, 2 chicken and broccoli alfredo, 2 onion rings, 3 chicken wanton tacos, a beef nachos, 3 desserts, and a smoothie. The food arrived earlier than expected, and that's where the positive side of this story ends. All of the food was cold even though the store is close to us. The ribs were so overdone we threw them away. The Alfredo wasn't sent, so 2 of our guests ended up eating frozen pizza. I paid over $250 for this meal, which included a $40 tip for the driver. When we called the store to make them aware of the issues, we were told they'd credit our card for the missing food. If you're ever in the area of the Applebees on city line, either bypass it altogether in favor of Popeyes, or drive a little further to the one in Havertown.We waiting 25 minutes for the spinach artichoke dip as an app, and it was seperated and greasy. my bfs burger came, while my blt was nowhere to be seen. Finally got it, and there was mayo, which I ordered without specifically, sent it back. Finally got it 10 minutes later, cold, and ate it by myself since he was already done with his meal.  mgr actually came by TWICE to apologize, which he seemed to be doing at several tables. And 1+ hour later from coming in, we got our bill, full price, nothing adjusted for all the waiting and screw-ups. Ugh, not worth it, even though its cheap. you definitely get what you pay for.It's a chain so I had low expectations but honestly... disgusting. I'll literally never come back. I honestly had put it out of mind for so long, but everything about it was gross. We came for lunch on a random weekday. The waiters and waitresses literally had no other table. Completely disinterested in us other than when it came time to be "nice" at the end. Food was cold and barely edible. Won't ever be coming back. Save your money.I was happy to venture out to a restaurant in my community. But unfortunately, the food and drinks did not live up to expectations. I ordered a few margaritas but I had to keep sending them because they tasted artificial and like a mix that had a horrible after taste. My meal, the Applees Riblet platter was a meager portion that was overcook. This was not my best Applebees experience. 
On a good note, I liked my waitress's
persoIve only tried the boneless wings. Very good. Classic flavor, very saucy, very buffalo. Nice bite. Classic joints.So I didn't feel like cooking this evening, so my husband and I decided to go to Applebee's for dinner. Should have known it wasn't going to go well, when we were seated at a dirty table. 
We had the boneless wings appetizes which were cold and overcooked.
 I had the 4 cheese Mac and cheese with chicken tenders the 4 cheese Mac and cheese was extremely watery and the chicken fingers were overcooked and the dish was cold.
 My husband had the riblets with french fries the riblets were overcooked and the french fries were cold.
Although we do like Applebee's we won't be going back to this location. Can I just say $30 down the drain. Guess I should have stayed home and cooked.Applebee's call center screwed up my order. Bartender and manager were awesome though. Had a great time at the bar and the manager compensated me for the error (which was not her fault). Overall I think they made a local customer.Dropped in on July 4th and since it was a holiday, it was pretty empty. We were seated immediately and honestly everything we ordered came out quick and actually looked like the pictures on the menu/in commercials, it was wild. So I definitely recommend going on a day like that.
We shared the neighborhood nachos with chicken which were super flavorful and covered with plenty of toppings. Then ordered the 2 for $22 - we split boneless Buffalo wings and then each had a classic cheeseburger. Everything was really good, even we were kind of surprised.
Our waitress was also nice - she did forget about our water later but we weren't really upset about that. Overall, probably the best experience we've had at an Applebee's.I dont know what happened to this place. It wasnt super amazing or anything to begin with cause yknoe its an applebees but like damn today had to be the worst experience ive had there. If you just want to go in and get a quick nice meal just go to mcdonalds cause theyre falling apart here. The host keeps over setting for the servers and then the servers get overwhelmed cause they dont have enough help from each other or the hosts.Tonight after work my husband and I were hungry so we stopped by Applebee's. There service was so bad. A host took us to be seated but waited like 20 minutes no waitress show up. I understand if the place is pack then is understandable but the place is pretty empty at 9:30 pm. We left the place. This is pretty ridiculous. They will never see me going back. Totally not recommended to this stupid location. Bad service!!!Food and service was great. Bartender was awful. My boyfriend and I went there tonight for dinner. We got some great food then we decided to go to a bar for a few drinks since it's a Friday night and we both had a long week. So we're having a great time. Drinking their $4 long islands. My boyfriend asks for another Long Island after having 2. The bartender goes on and asks how many he's had. And we both said 3 each in a span of 2 hours. And he goes on explaining what's in a Long Island and how much alcohol he puts in them. Mind you, were both in our 30s. I understand he's doing his job, but he should know his customers. So we ended up leaving. We go there a lot and this just made us rethink about having a nice Friday night with our family and friends at Apple bees.So... the service here was great. The waitress was very nice, got our orders in correctly for the most part, food came out fast, anything we wanted she brought over. Checked in constantly. The manager also came by to check in. 
I was with a group of 7 and I ordered the salmon with green beans and mashed potatoes. I got salmon, broccoli and mashed potatoes. No biggie, I love broccoli. The salmon taste like it swam through Death Valley before landing on my plate. It was dry. Like dry dryyyyyy! Worst salmon I've had. I also got a Patron margarita which was okay. 
I think everyone was okay with their meal. Honestly the bill was super cheap. $132 for 7 people with a few drinks and she didn't even tack on gratuity so that was cool. 
Would I go back for a meal? Nope. But maybe for drinks to watch a game? Maybe.I've been ordering since Covid-19 confinement they get top rating we love the service and the food thank you Applebee'sI'm not even gonna talk about the food here. If you're at an Applebee's you're probably already willing to settle for subpar cuisine. But this Applebee's likes to pepper up their inadequate spread with a nice touch of bad service. I'm writing this review from the lobby of the Applebee's as the host sits next to me, texting instead of helping customers. His coworker asked, "hey, do you want to wipe down table 12 or do you want me to do it?" Obviously, he made her do it. 
As I'm sitting next to the hosting counter waiting for the rest of my party, the hosts are swearing, complaining and gossiping. Whenever a new customer comes in they mumble and grumble as they ask for the customer's name. Then they fight over who gets to stay at the counter when a table is open. 
The worst was when the host called someone's name to seat them, but when they came to the counter and said "okay we're here," she rudely responded "I know hold on". Like, what? Just be nice.LOVE the SERV and birthday shout  out from the team.
Margarita was light, needed more liquor. Spinach dip was great but chips were the bottom of the bag, had to Ask for more. Chicken was a little over cooked with to much pepper seasoning. (Not great if you can't eat a lot of seasoning), but still good. Waiter did not ask if you wanted veg instead of fries. Guess he was moving to fast. 
This time I was charged for the birthday cake and cream. The last time I wasn't?
The children's plates came way before the adult food. Hence, their food was eatened and they became restless. While the adults ate and they also wanted some of our food. If all came together, we eat together as a family should.
Other than this it was nice.The food was terrible. The fish was spoiled and burnt. French fries were old and cold. The chicken finger platter was burnt. You have to go through DoorDash to get a refund. I will never order from this Applebee's again.  If you value your health you'll never order from them either. Stacy H.Just had lunch here for the first time. The wings with the sweet tai sauce was spectacular. My server was very friendly, helpful, and attentive. She deserved a 100% tip. Try the Long Island ice tea. It's definitely worth the price. The establishment was very clean, including the restrooms. Will be coming back soon.came here on Sunday for lunch. we got seated right away and ordered oir drinks and food . i was happy with the service no complaints from me on that part of our visit.
the food was only so-so i dont know what is going on with Applebees they used to be good it seems like they dont know how to cook their food anymore. It lacked seasoning on the steak and the broccoli was blan. I had to send the steak back to the kitchen because it was so tough and unable to chew. I wont be going back here i spent over 95.00 
not worth my money.