I really wanted to like the food. The menu and staff claim to be able to create gluten free food, which can be challenging to find in that area of Philadelphia.  Don't be fooled.  I have tried eating here on numerous occasions hoping that my reaction was not from the food I ate there but from some other place. I gave the restaurant one last shot last Friday.  The time I had gone immediately proceeding this visit the food was exceptionally delicious,  albeit still made me sick. The restaurant posted hours are until 11pm Friday and Saturday.  We arrived around 10:30 to a staff cleaning up. We were hungry and they offered take out. Unfortunately we took them up on the offer.  The food was disgusting and made me sick.My friends and I went here a couple of months ago.
I had Mango Chicken which was great-  sweet and spicy sauce with real mango on mango shell. I liked how it was REAL mango, not just syrup, and worked great with coconut rice.
My friends had Heavenly Taro that had fried taro shell with vegetable - the taste was somewhat bland but it was an interesting dish- & Thai Pepper Chicken that had good amount of spices added onto sauteed chicken - the chicken was chopped/shredded too much,though.
Overall, I enjoyed the food and the atmosphere of the restaurant and I am definitely down to go again.The service is courteous. But, the food is quite over-priced and not particularly tasty. The pepper chicken lacked the sting it has in other Malay/Thai places I've been to. The ambiance is good and the restaurant looks new. Overall, the food itself was a bit of a disappointment for the the prices charged; but the customer service and friendliness of the staff was above average.I've been here about 6-7 times because it's convenient to my office and the food is a change from the normal American fare around 6th/Chestnut.  
The service is just pretty abysmal.  The spotty service makes stopping in for lunch a completely hit or miss situation--you can't reliably say you're going to be able to be in and out in an hour.  I've gone with large groups as well and just as an example, we were in the restaurant with only one other table, sitting for about 20 minutes with 4 waiters standing along the wall with unopened bottles of wine and empty glasses--no water even--when I looked over and said, "Can I get some water and soda?"  The waiter only asked me then what I want and not the rest of the table--about 12 others.  
The food is tasty--the lemongrass soup is one of my faves especially during Winter months when your sinuses are all shot.  The lettuce wraps (I got the tofu on special--my friend gets the menu wraps) are great but not filling enough for a dinner.  The mango salad is delish and definitely a unique dish.  
I wouldn't recommend this for a large group--again, because the service is so weird--but maybe for a couple for dinner or for a lunch when you don't have to rush off elsewhere.I've had two polar opposite experiences with Aqua. Unfortunately, the second experience has assured that I will never return there. I'll start with the good.
It's important to note that I have celiac disease, which means I cannot eat anything with gluten (wheat, barley, rye, etc.). Whenever I go to any type of Asian restaurant, I always have to be sure that my meal does not include soy sauce, as wheat is a common ingredient in most brands. The first time I went to Aqua, this was not a problem. The waitress understood me perfectly, and my Pad Thai arrived as I had requested--free of soy sauce. It was delicious, relatively cheap, and the service was surprisingly fast. Our meals arrived in less than 10 minutes. Had this been my only experience at Aqua, my rating would be much higher. Unfortunately, with my allergy restrictions, it takes only one bad experience to have me never visit a restaurant again.
The second time I ate at Aqua was for lunch on a winter afternoon with a visiting friend from out of town. We were in a Thai food mood, and given my previous experience here several months prior, I recommended we go there again. This time I ordered a curry. "No soy sauce," I told the waitress. I watched her write it down. Our meal once again came out quickly--I can't say they don't have speedy service. However, my curry had a distinct brownish color to it, which is often a telltale sign of soy sauce being included. Granted, plenty of other sauces could give it a brown color, but when it comes to my health, I don't take chances. I called the waitress back over. 
"There's no soy sauce in this, right?" She immediately confirmed that it was soy sauce- and gluten-free. Well, that was good enough for me. After all, this is a well known dine-in restaurant, and they should be used to customers with food allergies. The waitress walked away, and I began to eat. But not two minutes later, she came running out of the kitchen and over to our table. "Oh, no..." I immediately thought.
Turns out she was wrong. Despite her writing it down on her notepad when she took our order, and despite her confirming to me a second time when the food came out, my meal was made with gluten-containing soy sauce, which I had already eaten. Though she profusely apologized and brought me out a new, untainted meal, the damage had already been done. And frankly, I had lost my appetite at that point and had no interest in eating the new dish they had prepared.
So, a tip for all restaurants, Aqua especially: If you're unsure whether or not a meal contains an ingredient that a patron is allergic to, don't tell the patron that everything is fine and THEN ask the kitchen. That's how customers get hurt. I'm lucky enough that my allergy isn't one that can cause immediate and severe complications like anaphylactic shock, but I did have to deal with stomach pains for the next couple of days. Experiences like this are absolutely unacceptable in the restaurant business.
Finally, on top of all this? They didn't even comp my meal.I'm not normally a person who feels compelled to write bad reviews, but that is just how god-awful my lunch experience was today at Aqua. I went here for lunch with a co-worker. I suppose they were a tad busy, but this is the kind of place that's really popular with office workers in the Washington square area, so you'd think they'd have serving big crowds to a science by now.
Apparently not.
My coworker got his Coke and I let what felt like 10 minutes pass before I inquired whether the water I'd ordered was ever gonna be served. Small sin, but it set the tone. My coworker's beef noodle dish was soon served but my chicken pad Thai was not. [note: yes I know, chicken pad Thai is about as basic as a pumpkin spice latte, but in a place such as this one, I didn't feel like being adventurous]. 
We waited and waited and waited. I watched as ONE person at the table of nine next to us suspiciously received HIS chicken pad Thai long before any of his brethren. Dafuq?? 
Of course, by this point, I was quietly seething, as any millennial unfairly deprived of their precious pad Thai would be, especially when under the impression that some other millennial had mistakenly gotten hers. 
Finally, after about twenty minutes, as my coworker was FINISHING his lunch, I asked about the whereabouts of my dish. A server just nodded and took off. Five minutes later, from out of the back come four trays full of dishes, most of which were, yep, chicken pad Thai! But no, they were ALL for that other table. Naturally, I'm about to blow a gasket at this point. We angrily ask for my pad Thai again. I'm beyond heeding to my instinctual over-politeness. I NEEDS MY PAD THAI.
Finally, following no apologies, my dish is presented, steaming hot and tasty-looking. And yet.... It was probably the worst pad Thai I'd ever had. And they forgot the damn peanuts.Please dine here if you love Malay food, ask for curry laksa not on the menu and roti canai. I feel his place has much better more consistent Malay dinners than the other better known places in town. Last 2 times we went it was empty, no idea why. Let's all have dinner here to keep this treasure alive!I went here for my birthday, loved the ambiance and the service. The food however was decent, I have had better thai food but its not bad. I would suggest the roti canai I though it was freshly made and I seriously enjoyed it! The tofu in my dish was a bit overcooked but nothing major. Would go back!I was super excited to check Aqua out after reading some reviews here on yelp.  The establishment itself is pretty cool - slightly contemporary but stripped down at the same time.  Almost gallery-like.  I don't recall the food being outstanding but I wasn't too sure what I was ordering either.  The plates on the surrounding tables looked a little more appetizing and fun while the whole table was sampling the food.  Definitely looking forward to going back in the near future.I've been coming here for years. However, I have a couple of favorite dishes, and very rarely order anything else. The mango chicken is pretty good, lots of mango. My favorite thing is the potato curry with nan. The service and atmosphere are about average. Its a nice little place all in all.Ask the chef to make it extra spicy, like he eats it and it will be spicy.  Malaysian Tofu is really good and you can't go wrong with the pad thai.  The Thai mojito is so-so, but the food more than makes up for the weak drinks.Wasn't to fond of this place.  Could of been a lot better.  Didn't taste authethic.  Had better Thai food.A friend from out of town actually recommended this place to us. I feel as though I'm still struggling for my Thai spot so I was desperate to try it. I have to say, the service, decor, cleanliness was great which is why I gave it a 3. The food was only ok. My Tom yum soup had good flavor. My red curry vegetable was watered down I think ? Bland for the most part after I asked for spicy. My boyfriend's Thai salad on the other hand, was full of Thai red chilies. He cannot tolerate heat. I literal picked them out of his salad and added them in attempt to add flavor in my dish. Didn't quite work unfortunately. Think I will pass on this place next time.This is a cute restaurant w/ great and tasty food. 
Roti canai - HELLLLL YES, this is SOOOO good.  I swear, I should order about 4 orders and stuff myself silly.  Pancake is fresh and flaky packed with flavor, and coupled with the curry, delicious!
I had a tofu and veggie stir fry, it was made w/ scallops...very tasty!  Buddy had the spicy squid and that was just SOOOO GOOD!!!!
Our server was a push-over though...I was super hungry and did not know what to order, then he asked should he come back next year instead....HA..yeah, funny stuff, sure buddy!  
It was weird, only our table and another of about 5 and the same server managed to forget one of their drinks.  Anyhoo, I also had the deep fried bananas..it was a little tough, but still, GOOOD!  So much for such a price.
I'd stay away from the Thai food and just stick it to the Malaysian side, it's much more authentic that way.I have been to Aqua many times and loved it. I recently went back and sadly was disappointed, The food is still amazing and not expensive, but the service was terribly. After getting out food, the waitress never brought us utensils or napkins or even checked on us. Also, they are no longer BYOB and change a $10 corking fee per bottle. The best part was that they charged us the fee and never even opened our bottle!! Luckily I had a cork screw with my wine bag!!! As I said, the food is still good but the service has really gone down.Aqua is located in center city Philadelphia. This is a great location for folks that are on foot or public transportation - but parking can sometimes be a hassle.
I have been here twice for lunch. I love their tom yum rice noodle soup with chicken - which is a lemon grass soup base, with thin rice noodles, chicken, onions, bamboo shoots, orange pepper, tomatoes, and mushrooms. Super refreshing meal for around $8. Not too heavy, not too greasy. 
The inside of the restaurant is very hip. They have nice soothing new age music playing. Perfect to go on a quiet date with. Staff is super friendly and vegetarian options are available if you want to substitute it with a meat dish. 
PS. I love their bathroom, smells and looks good. This place is always a good quiet time. A little pricey for Thai/ Malaysian food but what more can you expect from center city Philadelphia?Well first and foremost... this is NO LONGER A BYOB! There is a full bar.  Anyway, the food is good, but the service was by far the worst I have ever had, EVER.  
2 stars is truly being kind...I found this place on the "find me gluten free app" that lists nearby restaurants that cater to food allergies. My mom and I stopped in for lunch and were waited on and served almost immediately. The host was very knowledgeable about which entrees could be prepared gluten free.  We ordered the basil chicken and beef chow fun, both were incredibly delicious. Now I look for reasons to be in that area so I can order from aqua again.Good food! Super fast! We had just a few minutes so I told the person seating us, asked if It could please be quick, and after ordering we literally got our entrees in five minutes! Loved it!Skip the food in this place.  It is neither good nor palatable.  
HOWEVER!
Try their soups!  They are quite-quite-quite tasty.  I have tried them all and I have yet to find one lacking.   They also will make you feel satisfied with all their savory goodness.  Where the food lacks - the soups definitely make up for it.  
Food - NO
Soups - YES.  
Service - I have had better
Atmosphere - Bordello Asian
Price - CheapTASTY!  Great service. Family owned and run which rates big with me. Pride of ownership shows.
And.... $2 for Yuengling and other beers at happy hour starting at 5.
Thai inspired cocktails were reasonably priced too at HH.
What's not to like?I must admit, I had my doubts about this place. I'm not sure why...but maybe I think Thai restaurants should be in more conspicuous places, with funky statues of elephants and such. Perhaps I was mislead by Aqua's high profile location next to Chifa, Morimoto, Jones and Union Trust. 
In any case, I'm glad I decided to give this place a try. While the decor isn't what I'm used to seeing at other Thai place, it wasn't anything great either. 
For dinner, we had the chicken satay and Indian pancake. Both were awesome, especially the pancake. Not "good for the price" or "better than expected". But actually good. For entrees, we had the Aqua tofu and steamed black bean fish. The homemade tofu caught my attention. Again, really actually good....both dishes. The fish dish was covered in roasted/crispy basil leaves.  That may have been the first time I've seen that.  The tofu was crispy on the outside and oozy on the inside, which is how fried tofu should go down. 
I wanted to order dessert but that will have to wait for a night where I'm not about to black out from over eating. Although, I foresee this happening every time I come here, so perhaps dessert for appetizers next time.Quick, moderately priced and freshly prepared Thai food. I do not enjoy eating spicy food in general but I do love some if the less spicy curries. The pineapple chicken had a kick to it but not to a degree that it scorched my taste buds. I loved the Green Papaya Salad with shrimps and it added the crispy cooling counter taste to the hot dish. As a starter I had the Roti Canai which I can also highly recommend. 
If you like Thai/Malaysian food, check this place out!I ordered takeout from here once.  The food was good but it was definitely pricier than your typical Asian sitdown/takeout place.  I did like that the Mango Chicken was served in the cut out mango peel.I stopped by Aqua for lunch on a very wet stormy rainy day.  I was hoping their great reviews would lighten up my rainy mood, but it didn't.
I had 3 or 4 dishes, none of them really wow me.  They weren't really bad either, but I was hoping for a special secret sauce or unexpected ingredients or flavor.  
Maybe I'll blame it on the rain.  I'll try it again on a sunny day next time. : )We discovered this restaurant by chance during the NYE celebration in Philly. We've always been a fan of Malaysian food and we didn't go wrong with this selection. The roti canai appetizer is the best. We also had the Pad Thai & Singapore noodles. The Singapore noodles could have been a little bit more spicier but that's probably how it's made usually. Nothing that a little bit of hot sauce can't fix. I wish they also had that hot chilli oil sauce because that enhances the flavor so much. But in all this is a really wonderful place to enjoy lunch or dinner. The staff are so friendly and it actually felt like eating at home.We went here only because the other restaurants we had originally chosen had two hour waits, but what a pleasant surprise!  Everything was delicious, from the spicy basil margarita to the tofu lettuce wraps. Service was great, menu was vegetarian friendly, and there was no wait.Service was on point for the meal and the food was excellent. This place has a very calming ambiance when the patrons are not loud.Two stars for decent food. Zero stars for service.  We went for a late lunch on a Thursday and were the only people in the restaurant.  The servers just sat around chatting with each other at a table near the back of the restaurant.  At least 15-20 minutes after being seated, I started to contemplate yelling across the restaurant to ask for a glass of water.We had our rehearsal dinner for our wedding here and it was fabulous. They were super flexible and accommodating. They even let us have it downstairs in their main floor,even though that took up most of their regular seating, because we had several people in our party who couldn't do stairs. We got so many compliments from everyone on the food and the place and just everything. Everyone loved it!On my birthday, they were very accommodating and able to service 25 people successfully. They did not make any mistakes nor did it take longer than an hour for them to serve us all at once! There were an array of appetizers and entrees ordered - pad thai, pineapple fried rice, currys, chow kueh teow, satays, and they were all good! They all tasted authentic and were perfectly seasoned.
Before that and after that, I have been at least ten times, and each time I have enjoyed it, but really depending on the time, the service wanes (sometimes understandably so) and it takes much too long to receive food. Or if the food comes out at an appropriate amount of time, it isn't done with the quality like it did for a 25 top on my birthday. More recently (within the past six months) I find myself struggling to enjoy the meals as I did before, because the taste of "Thailand" is not as strong anymore and the food is becoming more mainstream and Americanized. Pleaseeeeee go back to before!!Got Malaysian fried rice and a seafood medley with flat noodle. Appetizer roto prata was excellent. Def reccommend.Came here with a group and the food and experience could use improvement. We ordered some veggie and meat dishes and the quality was low. Not a lot of meat in any of the dishes and the flavor was okay. The could be another server as we had to constantly ask for water, rice, etc. There are better options around Philly.Shrimp friend rice, pad Thai and rice net rolls are my favorite. My daughter loves the fresh mango juice. I order often always consistent.Very good spot.  I was here for the first time with some friends and was not expecting too much.  I was surprised at the level of quality of the dishes.  They were well made and were very tasty.  I ordered the Kari Mee - I high recommend.  It is a noodle dish with curry chicken and in a curry broth.  It is one of their most popular dishes I believe.  The décor is nice.  Good for a date or just to catch dinner with a friend or yourself.  I could not gauge the noise level as we were the only party there.  the menu is very diverse and offers many different types of dishes.  You will always find something to eat here!Hands down the my favorite Pad Thai in the city. A little bit of shrimp, a little bit of chicken and the tofu is just right.  Since I work around the corner, I frequent here a lot- mostly for my Pad Thai kick but I have ventured out of the box and have tried a few other items on the menu which have never disapointed.  Service is always prompt which is nice during a work lunch they're very accomodating to large groups. I especially love the second floor- I have a soft spot for exposed brick and hardwood.I seriously can't believe how low the rating are for this place. My experience was stellar. After reading about the homemade tofu, I went with the Green Curry Tofu. It was the bomb. The best tofu I've ever had. Packed with flavor and a bit of heat, really my top in the city. Others at my table got the pad thai, which was also tasty. I had zero issues with the place. Always ready to go again.certainly not the best but also not the worst thai i've had, but definitely not a place i'd revisit.  i ordered the thai basil beef , coconut rice, and a glass of wine.  total cost was about 22 usd, which isn't horribly expensive but just overpriced for the quality of the food i received. 
waitstaff was attentive without being obnoxious.  nice, relaxing atmosphere.I've been here a dozen times and obviously keep coming back because I enjoy everything. This time was different. We had to ask 4 times for water. FOUR. The place wasn't even busy. Than we had to ask 3 times for a fork for our chop stick inclined guest. No idea what causes the change but I was disappointed.First of, I'm not a fan of Thai food...so with that being said, take the rest of my review with a grain of salt.
The first time I went here, it was recommended by a friend of mine that loves Thai as my going away party. We reserved the space upstairs for a group of 35, 35 very drunk people by the end of the night since it's BYOB.
Anyways, we ordered, and I do mean we ordered, we ordered over $500 worth of food, but of course, I didn't remember any of it, I was too busy being the host and drinking with everyone. The day after, I was informed that it was good food, plus good time. Well, I'm glad, because hell, all I have from last night was a headache and lots of pictures.
A month later, during a business trip to Philadelphia, I decided to venture back to this wonderful spot to see for myself if the food is actually good and if it was worth the $500 that I paid for. We made reservations for a group of about 15 people this time, again, was seated upstairs. We sectioned ourselves up and ordered about four-five dishes per section. My section had the pineapple fried rice, a noodle dish, and a few other dishes that I can't recall.
When the pineapple fried rice came out, I was surprised as to how good it was. I actually liked it...granted it's only fried rice, but still, I liked it. Then all the other dishes followed, I took a scope from each dishes and surprisely, I enjoyed everything that I was feed, minus the one chicken dish we ordered (I guess that's because I'm not a fan of ordering chicken when dining out). I'm not sure if it was the vodka that made food go down easier, but hell, I was full and throughly enjoyed my food (for the most part).
To end the night at Aqua, we ordered their fried banana (I believe that's what we ordered, or was it fried ice cream) and it was like heaven. I ate to my heart's content. 
So why three stars if I throughly enjoyed myself? Reasons: just because it was Thai food and I felt that it was over priced...or am I being unreasonable? Oh, the food was good, but it's not "OH MY GOSH I HAVE TO HAVE THIS AGAIN!"....Rich flavors at modest prices... I've brought many friends here over the past few years, and even those hesitant or unfamiliar with Asian cuisine have walked away satisfied.I tried Pad Thai for the first time ever and it was absolutely delicious. My fiance had mango chicken and he loved it as well! Both dishes had perfect amount of heat and sweetness! I didn't particularly cared for steamed dumplings, but chicken satay with peanut sauce was amazing.How can you not love this place. The food is so good and tasty. I had the Pepper Chicken, it was so fresh and spicy.
+THE BATHROOM...one of the cleaniest in the city I swear.The food here is awful. The spring rolls were served on a bed of lettuce where pools of grease had collected. The filling tasted like fish-flavored mush and with every bite, drops of grease spilled out. For the main courses, my girlfriend and I split an order of Malaysian fried rice and a beef dish. The rice despite containing vegetables and shrimp, was flavorless and, again, gleaming with grease. As for the beef, it was the poorest quality meat I have ever been served in an American restaurant. It was clear that they had bought the lowest grade meat available and then added meat tenderizer to the point that the resulting texture was barely recognizable as meat.Newly opened in the heart of a block on Chestnut Street brimming with restaurants, this new Pan Asian BYO is worth a try.  A great starter is the Roti Canai - a light and crispy Indian style pancake served with an incredible curry dipping sauce.  The Satay Chicken appetizer was grilled to perfection and served with a classic Thai peanut sauce.  There is a large selection of soups, fried noodles, and rice dishes, as well as house specialties, vegetarian, and seafood selections.  The Thai Red Curry Seafood, with a generous serving of scallops, shrimp, and squid, is well executed in a classic spicy coconut curry broth.  Also recommended is the Masak Chicken; vegetables and chicken (specify white meat only!) in a house special sauce, and the Pad Thai noodles.  The room is a little stark, needing a few more color accents, but comfortable and well proportioned.  The service is attentive and warm.  Aqua is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood.Went there with my wife and daughter, caught them on the right day for B.Y.O. We had ordered the daily special which was the grilled Red Snapper with saute ginger & scallions, fried egg rolls(house special), and a couple of other dishes, liked it, but what was missing something, spices, herbs, not to sure? Any how the wait staff on point. But will go back, what is missing. Will find out. Price, some items doesn't match portion.I work close to this restaurant and I have been here for for Happy Hour a few times and co-workers farewell parties, but today was a lunch date.  I always enjoyed the service which is attentive and efficient, but I like the layout and the quality of food served at reasonable prices.  
I recommend getting a few appetizers:  The crispy golden fried squids & cheesesteak spring rolls are a good start.  The rice and noodle dishes are yummy too.  If you think you may not like Thai Cuisine - try coming to Happy Hour to try them out - I think you will find you may become a fan.Coming from Boston where the best Malaysian food could be found at Penangs, it is hard for me to say this place was great.  The food was decent, but I've definitely had better.  
The roti canai had no chicken and the roti was hard and crispy.
The sizzingling beef was tender, but salty.
Can't wait to try Penangs in Chinatown and compare.Great Pad Thai, appetizers (especially the malaysian ones) and curries. This is a staple for me since I work nearby. 
The eat-in food is much better than the take out (tends to be less flavorful for some reason). 
A nice change when you get the malaysian dishes... very unique flavors.I ordered the beef chow fun which was good but probably not the best choice because it's more of a Chinese dish and of course if you want Chinese, you have to go to a Chinese restaurant.  I was disappointed that they didn't have red vinegar which is a must for me when eating chow fun.  Lets just say that I've had chow fun at other places for less money.  
Service, on the other hand, was extemely fast considering that it was busy lunch hour.  I wasn't too impressed with the ambiance, considering the price of the meal.  I may give this place a second try, next time ordering Malaysian or Thai and also bring a bottle of wine.My boyfriend and I were very disappointed with the food. The food was very bland, which is unfortunate because Thai food is some of the most flavorful food. I would not recommend Aqua to anyone. There are better Thai restaurants in Philly.I went here for a friend's birthday and I got the pad thai. And when we were finished, we received fried bananas and ice cream on the house, since it was my friend's birthday. The pad thai was delicious and I definitely enjoyed the dessert.it's amazing. After half day long walking, we randomly walked into this resturants and it surprised us. It's was so good.Great, quick Malaysian and Thai food. Very clean restaurant.  Another one of my goto spots!I come here for lunch from time to time. And my experiences have been mostly positive. So I'd like to give it a 3 and a half, but since that's not possible, I settled on 3. The staff is pleasant, the service is quick (though not if you go with a group--then expect to wait for awhile,) the menu is good, varied, and has exactly what you'd expect at a Thai place, and the place is clean and aesthetically-pleasing, including the fresh-smelling and spotless bathroom. I always get the chicken and basil noodles, which is good, though a bit greasy. My co-worker also always gets the same thing--beef chow fun. Overall, solid place, though a bit expensive for what it is and not as flavorful, and authentic as other Thai spots in town. If you're in the area and in a rush, it's a good choice. Though if I had time, I'd walk a few blocks further to Chinatown to Erawan or the choo choo place.Warning: I don't have a sophisticated palate but i can tell what's good and what's bad. So i won't break down a dish to its basic ingredients. I like food and it has to be REALLY bad for me to say "damn, that's bad!"
Here goes: I was on a business trip to Philadelphia and i kept passing by this restaurant on my way from the hotel to my client site. I love Thai food and i had a craving for it.
Decor: Nice clean place, with a minimalist attitude, very spacious with lots of available seating. A little ethnic decoration would be nicer to set the atmosphere of the restaurant.
Food: I ordered 2 main dishes: Lettuce Wraps and Coconut Shrimp with coconut rice and for dessert, the Roti Canai. All was quite good and tasty. What caught my attention the most was actually the coconut rice! I'm from California and i don't recall seeing an option for coconut rice; just white or brown rice. The coconut rice was light with a touch of coconut flavor that really inspired me. I think it made the entire meal even better. The Lettuce Wraps was quite standard but the Coconut Shrimp lacked quite a bit of the coconut. The Roti Canai was pretty good, first time i've had something like that.
Things that make you go hhhhhmmmm: One thing that was weird is that on the menu, they offered Sweet Sticky Rice with Mango. But when i asked for it, they said they don't offer it anymore...so then why is it still on the menu?!?!?I visited this restaurant because I love Penang.  Being within walking distance from my house, I figured it would be a good alternative.  I was severely disappointed.   When we told the waiter that we wanted a quiet table, he put us next to the only other customer in the restaurant.  And when I requested that we move he refused.  Then after 20 minutes of not getting even a drink order, we walked out.  I would not recommend this place to anyone, go to Penang, the service is great, the food is delicious, and the prices are much more reasonable.And so begins my search for Thai food in Philly, and this was not a bad place to start. 
The menu is a mix of Thai and Malayasian food, as the name would suggest, and has a few familiar favorites if you're not up for trying one of the spicier dishes. We had the tofu triangles appetizer (delish!), chicken pad thai (very good, a lil spicy), and pineapple fried rice served IN a pineapple (also very good, and not too greasy). The staff was very friendly and attentive. We came here before seeing a show at the Walnut St Theater, which worked out really well, and they have a discount deal with members of the theater.Excellent vegetarian option. Check out the homemade tofu, only restaurant I know that features this.Don't really think it's worth the price at all.. the curry was way oily for$16 and no rice come with curry??
Also he lunch special price is almost the same as the regular price...Came here for happy hour recently with a couple of friends, and I was surprised to see that it was basically empty. Our server was less than friendly, and the portions for the apps were very small- my friend and I couldn't help but laugh quietly at the tiny eggrolls. We ordered another round of drinks, and the waitress asked us "You're not driving right?". We felt like we were being served by a judgmental mother. On top of this, the waitress said that the first card I gave her didn't go through, and so I gave her another card to try. Well, the first card did go through, so I was charged twice. I'm now waiting to hear back from them about having the first charge refunded or cancelled. If they resolve the situation, I'll change my rating.Over the past few months Aqua has become one of my favorite BYOs in the city. It's vast selection of items and value for your money make it a goto place when I don't want to venture to a new place. The wait staff is very attentive as well, I showed up approx 20 min early for my reservation upon one visit and they did not even hesitate to seat me. 
ome of the dishes I can recommend is the Roti Canai which is an Indian Pancake that comes with an excellent curry sauce. Anther favorite is the Sambal Sotong/ Udang which is a great combo of squid with a spicy shrimp sauce. One general item I cannot recommend enough is their homemade tofu. It comes in many of their dishes and its good enough to turn a non-tofu fan into a fan (on two occasions guests of mine were converted). 
One small feature that has happened upon every visit to Aqua is the owner has come to our table to just see how things are and make small talk. I know a lot of people wouldn't make a big deal of this but it really hit home.The two of us had Thai Basil Noodles and Vegetable Penang Curry for lunch.  Very nice.  Good portions, well seasoned -- well spiced but not overly hot.  We took the leftover curry home and will turn it into a chicken curry.  First time here, but menu looks enticing to come back again and try a number of other other dishes.
Service efficient and prompt, and waitstaff very helpful at explaining menu.Solid thai malaysian fusion.  I ate hear on birthday with my wife and my son.  Fantastic food, great area of the city, and very reasonably price.  Their attention and service was so good it was almost overboard.This place has AMAZING thai, everything is very authentic tasting and well prepared. Excellent Satay and Curry dishes. Service was excellent, very prompt. And the entire building was very clean and pleasant. I'd highly recommend to anyone who likes Asian cuisine.
Admittedly I've had food of comparable quality for much cheaper but I'd still easily eat here again.Excellent service, delicious food - spicy not for the faint of heart - brilliant variety of Malaysian/Thai cuisine.  Low cost - $40 per head without drinks including tip.I come here often for lunch and my favorites include the Mee Siam and the Beef Chow Fun noodle dishes. I look forward to trying some of the other dishes. 
The waitstaff has always been great for me regardless of how crowded it was.This is place very quickly became a staple in my rotation of favorite Philly eateries. There was one month when my friends and I came 2 or 3 weekends straight.  We rave about it to everyone that visits Philly. 
1. The food is incredible- I'm sure the rest of the menu is also fantastic, but I can't get away from the following dishes:
Any of the "Roti dishes" - These are pancake like dishes that have a curry dipping sauce which is just delicious.  Often times we would save the sauce and pour it over rice
Aqua tofu- they make fresh tofu daily and as a result it is incredibly creamy and perhaps even a little sweet. I always get the aqua tofu, but any of the dishes that have the label "home made tofu" are made with this creamy delicious dream. 
Heavenly taro (chicken, shrimp)- For those of you not familiar with taro, it is a tap root that is similar in texture to a potato. It is a staple food for many Polynesian cultures. This dish is a deep fried taro bowl filled with stir fried vegetables and your meat of choice. 
Thai Basil Chicken-  spicy, but very well seasoned. a great choice for the spicy lovers of your group
Roti Kaya- this is the same Indian pancake that I mentioned above, but this is a dessert. This pancake is filled with a sweet, gooey sauce called kaya. It is served with either vanilla, red bean or coconut ice cream.
2. Its a byob- a huge plus in Philadelphia.  This makes the overall meal incredibly affordable.  
3. The price- I'm a big eater and the portions are not gigantic, but they are a decent size. If you go with a group the prices are cheap enough to get several dishes and have plenty of food for everyone (remember that they are a byo so you save HUGE money on alcohol). 
4. The staff- they are incredibly kind and courteous. My friends nor I have had any problems with service or quality
5. seat availability- Unless you are showing up on a Friday or Saturday night with a group of 10, you should never have a problem getting a seat.  With that being said, you can always call ahead to make reservations. 
6. Karaoke upstairs- to be clear it is a single machine and is meant for a single large group to use.  I went here for my birthday a couple years ago. It does not have a great selection of songs, so I wouldn't go here just for karaoke, but the machine is FREE to use when you have a large enough group.
I don't doubt that other individuals may not have had great experiences, but I am confident that it is quite uncommon and that this place is a gem in quality and price.Ummmmm....can I just say that I found BLOOD on my container of take out from here.  Yes.  BLOOD.  Which I realized was most likely ingested prior to noticing.  Wait did you read that I found BLOOD.  
So yea.  I called them to let them know that I found blood on my container.  They told me they would call me back after they speak to their manager.  Well...no one called me back.  Two days later I returned the phone call and once again I was told they would get back to me.  Still, months later, no response.  
DO NOT EAT here.  Apparently, serving BLOOD to people is not important for this business to address.Aqua is delicious and cheap and until recently, it used to be BYO as well.  They're also great for large parties of 20 or more and have a room upstairs with free karaoke.  
The pad thai is really great here and comes with tofu AND shrimp and when you ask them to make it spicy they're no joke.  The salads are also amazing...I've had all 3: the green papaya with shrimp, the mango salad with fried calamari and the thai beef salad.  I'm also a fan of the roti appetizer which is this thin bread in this curry flavored dipping sauce.  The cocktails here are also fantastic.....got the lychee flavored mojito...delicious and not too sweet!I have been to Aqua Malaysian twice. Both times the food was great but the service is somewhat questionable.
Last night I tried a bit of each of the shrimp pad thai, the ginger chicken , the rice net spring rolls and mango chicken. (Mango chicken comes in an actual adorable mango). 
The food was great, our waiter/waitress did switch a few times so it was a bit confusing especially because we were trying to surprise someone at the table with a birthday dessert. They were very accommodating though. Also, the drinks and the dessert were both great! 
Yum!Great food, average prices, and nice atmosphere. I like the soups and phad thai. The fried tofu that was in my curry dish was the best I've ever had! I'm pretty sure it's made in house. I really wish they had a lunch menu.I agree with others; the Roti Canai is great.  Nice texture, great flavor, delicious, $3.95. 
The Basil Tofu didn't impress me.  I liked the soft, homemade tofu, and it was fried to a delicate crust.  But I couldn't taste the basil, and the sauce was very oily. 
They do have brown rice as an option!I came here with a friend on a Thursday night in the summer. We were looking for something different than the typical American bar or diner. After much consideration, we finally chose Aqua, which turned out to be a lovely destination. Two blocks from Independence Hall, this small Thai-Malaysian fusion establishment serves some very flavorful dishes. From a suggestion, we ordered the Roti Canai, a crispy Indian style pancake with some potato curry. Both parts of this delectable dish were complimentary, the potato flavor matching the curry complimenting the batter-based pancake. The appetizer was a great start for things to come. My friend ordered the Green Curry which we expected to be fairly spicy but was not too over the top on the spice. He concluded that it was very accurately and consistently flavored: the best green curry he's ever had. I ordered the Beef Chow Fun, a noodle dish with a wonderful sauce packed with flavor with the perfect vegetables and meat to accompany the dish. Aqua is a wonderful restaurant to visit if you are looking for something out of the ordinary, especially if there is a budget: Aqua's prices are very low for the quality of the service and food. It was a very pleasant experience.Best Thai food in Philly!! I go to Aqua all the time and have never been disappointed!! The service is excellent and the meals are substantial and tasty! I always have leftovers which are just as good the next day!This place was pretty darn good!  Some buddies and I stopped in here to grab a bite to eat and get out of the New Years Eve cold before we started our partying for the night.  We each had soup and split a chicken Pad Thai.
This was my first time trying Tom Kha, and I loved it!  Supposedly, the Tom Kha here is a bit mild, but I liked it the way it was.  I'll have to try more to get a better feel for this stuff.
The Pad Thai was excellent, but not as spicy as we thought we had ordered it.
This place had a baller private glass-enclosed seating area in the back, too.  Go have a party in there!i wasn't in the mood to eat, so i ended up trying everything on a friday evening. the place, first of all, was pretty empty, which was nice. even nicer: the food came in about seven minute, no lie. superfast. 
and when it came, we ate with gusto because it was pretty damn good. there was a version of lad na on the menu -- my favorite's still at vientiane in west philly -- that was quite nice, and good sized portion too. the appetizer salads were medium-sized, but the bread ones were fit for two. and the coconut rice was a massive burial mound for shrimp and savory spices, in a good way.Tasty!
After reading so much about the Roti Canal, I had to try Aqua, and believe me-it did not disappoint.  That appetizer is one of the best in the city.  I keep wanting to go back just for that.  
We also tried the shrimp wrap-I'm not sure how you can go wrong with shrimp and bacon, so of course these little bites were great too.
For a main course I ordered the Thai Basil Chicken, which was really good.  I love Thai Basil Chicken, have had it at a number of places, and here at Aqua held it's own with a strong smokey flavor, and the basil to compliment.
Service was swift, and I am looking forward to going back.Aqua is a gem of a find. It's decor is on the average side, which probably helps set it's prices, which are very reasonable. Almost any day of the week, I prefer less fancy decor + great food ='ing reasonable prices.
The service here is fantastic. Everything came out real quick. They kept checking with us to make sure we had everything we needed. And, were super nice.
We started off with a couple of apps. We got the Roti Canai, an Indian pancake as they call it. It had a slight puff to it and was not too much like a pancake, which was fine. The key was the potato curry sauce, which was delish. I would have enjoyed dipping plan white bread in this flavorful sauce.
The second app was Shrimp Puff Fried Shrimp. The kicker and why this was amazeballs -- inside the puff, the shrimp was wrapped in bacon. Swoon. I kid you not.
For my entree, I got the Kari Ayam, chicken with lemon grass & chili paste in a coconut curry sauce. The chicken was so tender. It melted in my mouth. The sauce was awesome, and was delish over some rice.
My wife got the Mango Chicken, which was also very good.
In addition to the good grub, we enjoyed some Thai Iced Tea, always a favorite of mine, and they did it justice.
Great spot, check it out.The first time I came here, I thought I'd struck philly gold with the homemade tofu green curry. The tofu itself, as I recall, was slightly crispy on the outside and so tender on the inside, and the curry was so flavorful and perfectly balanced. Then I built it up in my head until the second time I came here. I ordered the same dish and even did some bragging about how good it was going to be, but when it came out, it just wasn't the same. It was alright. So I don't know, I'm still confused about it. Maybe it's just hit or miss at this place.