Hubby and I went here tonight for our one year anniversary. This is a new place with an unassuming exterior and a very modern ambiance inside. We ordered quite a bit, simply because we are vegetarian and we were able to! Spicy edamame was killer good. Chilled soba noodles were also dynamite. Our favorite dishes from the healthy section were the grilled mushrooms and cauliflower with pecans. The burrata with yuzu marmalade is absolutely to die for. We weren't crazy about our limoncello cake, but in all fairness our super friendly waitress Mary kind of told us she'd rather we try the rum tres leches, so that's on us. 
It's nice to see new restaurants with a unique flair cropping up in Philly - we know we will be visiting here again!What a hidden gem! Great place for a nice date night or a group of friends. The chef went above and beyond to satisfy my groups needs (vegetarian and meat eaters) No single plate was left uneaten!The food, atmosphere, and service was excellent! We even had a wonderful hostess! She was super nice and friendly even went over the menu with us. What a doll!Me and my wife went to Ardiente for our 24th wedding anniversary dinner. From the moment you walk in, the ambiance is just WOW! Everything we ordered from cocktails, appetizers, main course,  and dessert were all just perfect. The staff are very friendly and very knowledgable as far as the menu. They answered all our questions. This place definitely exceeded our expectations and made our anniversary celebration just that much more memorable. I highly recommend Ardiente for your special dining experience!Don't be fooled by the unassuming plain curtained front window, because the interior of this restaurant is fabulous! You can really feel all the love & care that the owners put into creating this space ~ so many gorgeous details!  Now for the nitty-gritty ~ what really matters for a restaurant to truly be great is of course the food ~ right?  Well, Ardiente totally delivers when it comes to the food ~ here's the rundown of the sharing plates that we got: Hamachi Tiradito, Chilled octopus salad, Skirt steak Bibimbap, and Spare ribs (that I think were made in Heaven!). Ever get a dish at a restaurant that you crave over & over again? ~ that's how I feel about their Spare ribs ~ you MUST order them if you go there!  All the other dishes we shared were also amazing  ~ so many flavors packed into each bite it was mind boggling.  We also tried a dessert that was recommended by our server ~ the rum infused coconut tres leche, which was equally as wonderful as the rest of our meal. They have a great selection of wines, cocktails, and even sake. I tried a pisco sour (something I've never had) & it was delicious ~ definitely going to be my go-to drink here!  The staff and servers were all very lovely and attentive. I cannot express how happy I am to have this new gem in Old City!   Despite only being open for a short time now, they really seem to have their act together already. I'm conflicted about writing this review because on one hand, I want to share with everyone how fabulous this place is ~ but on the other hand, I kinda wanna keep it a secret so that I can always get a table when I want one (LOL)!All i have to say is wow! I came in here with friends and forgot that I was in Philly.  This place did not miss an inch in its decorations, atmosphere and layout.  This is the coolest, most modern new place that has hit our city in a long time.  We tried everything on the menu and it was excellent With amazing presentation. The servers are amazing and very friendly. The owner is very involved and attends to all the customers like friends to add the extra touch.  The ambiance is so cool.  This is a must try for sure!  From the tables to the bathrooms, the place will leave you speechless. Cant wait to come back!This is my new favorite restaurant.  It just overtook Zahav as my #1 so if you eat in Philly that should mean something to you.  The menu is unique and creative.  Haven't had one thing I didn't enjoy.  Instant hit with whomever I bring.  I highly recommend visiting this beautiful spot.This is the most deliciousness I've had with my clothes on.  Ever.
The food is superb.  The staff is amazing.  I highly recommend.Best new hit spot in Philly. 
Came in for a visit to my favorite city and encountered this new surprise. Everything we had was delicious. The waitress was very attentive and offered us excellent suggestions. The ambiance is divine. 
I can't wait to go back!Food was great, excellent service also will be coming back soon with friends and familyBest kept secret in old city.  Food is phenomenal. Cocktails are on point. Service is top notch.  This place is a great evening/late-night food & drinks spot.  The decor is honestly like nothing I've ever seen before, to call it luxurious would be a disservice, this place is simply unique.  Also ask for Andre he hooked it up with some complimentary champagne, cool dude.This place is SEXY!  The ambience/ decor is flawless!   The staff goes above and beyond to make sure you understand the menu and to educate you on your final choice (nice to know about the piggy that's about to bring joy to my tastebuds).  This place is a gem and you should go!  XoxoI didn't get a chance to try their food menu, but I had a couple amazing cocktails (Old City Sour and Cafe Sazerac) and their bartender Jolene was an absolute delight. Can't wait to come back and try their food!Great food and exceptional service in a beautiful upscale setting! Thanks Jarred and Nihad for making my birthday memorable.This was such a great place. The food was great and our server Andre was great at explaining any of the dishes since my friend is vegan. The Shishito peppers were so tastey and the shrimp with coconut fried rice dish was perfect! My friend and I had a great experience and can't wait to go back. It seems like a great place to take a group and share a few dishes.Just finishing dinner now at Ardiente. André and Emmeline took care of our party of 5 tonight. The presentation was stunning, the flavors unique and balanced, and the service was attentive and engaged. I look forward to my next visit!Felt more like a club than a restaurant. 
Completely overpriced.
Small ceviche portions. Fishy, not fresh taste. 
Octopus was over salted. 
Steak bimbimbap tasted okay, but similar to other reviews, it was a lot of rice and very little steak. 
A simple gin&tonic was 12$. 
Creamsicle dessert tasted chalky (it was sugar free dessert though) but was well plated. 
Service was friendly but a little off.
The manager/owner? was giving a business tour of the place to someone as we ate.
Restaurant is still new so hopefully does better.My fiance and I tried this restaurant on a whim when it first opened and it was one of the most incredible experiences weve had. The food was amazing and the chef came out and talked to us about every dish and was so passionate and knowledgeable about food. It was delightful. The desserts were especially good. Don't be fooled by the people who went to a nice restaurant and we're pissed it cost actual money. It was worth every penny.Dinner here was great.  The pork jawn bao buns were excellent as were the shorts ribs.  Both were extremely well presented and delicious.  The Ardiente red velvet cake was fantastic as well.  The best aspect of our meal was the exceptional service provided by Jared.  He was attentive and provided great recommendations and descriptions for the entire menu.Cool new place that just opened.  Perfect little change from surrounding neighborhood locations.  Not crowded as the word hasn't gotten out yet but excited to discover the place.  Food was fresh with a lot of taste presented in cool fashion.  Wine list is wonderful with a number of wines by the glass including champagne.   Tried not order any thing after dinner but we had to try a little dessert.  Great call.  
Looking forward to my new summer location for dinner and cocktail.My husband and I had an amazing dinner here. From the moment we stepped in this beautiful restaurant we were greeted by the friendly staff. Our server Andre was awesome! He was so knowledgeable and recommended a few menu options. The sangria is delicious as was the food!  Definitely recommend giving this place a try.Amazing staff and the food delivered. This place has wonderful drinks and ambiance. Ordered the ribs and the skirt steak bibimbap. Both were fantastic.Went here for a private party.  The Grand Opening is Oct 11th(?),  but they are taking reservations before then for the soft opening. 
The space is very cool, and rivals any of the upscale veteran spots here or in NYC. 
The food was excellent.  The highlights for me were the short rib bao buns and the ceviche tostones,  but there was so much food I don't even try the last two dishes which everyone raves about also.  
Bar service was a bit slow,  but drinks were well made.  This may also have to do with them working out staffing kinks during the soft opening phase. 
If you want to impress a date, have an upscale night out with friends or host a private party give this place a try!Delicious, interesting, and affordable food. I'm a huge dessert buff, and I appreciate that they get their desserts from Le Bec-Fin's pastry chef. Very hospitable, kind, and passionate staff. There's a lot of detail put into the interior decoration and design of this place, making it a truly unique and intimate setting.  Definitely recommend it, and can't wait to go back!I went to Ardiente for my 18th birthday with a group of friends on a Thursday night, it was quite empty since it was a Thursday. Although at first i was a bit lost  on the menu our waiters did a great job at explaining what everything was. Although fountain drinks are a bit high on price for $5, we did receive a complimentary appetizer from the chef. Overall the food was great as well as the service!Yo I'm going to preface this with the service people here are amazing, they do their best to accommodate. However we came for brunch and if you want the club atmosphere for bottomless mimosas you've found the right place for sure. But if you wanted food to accompany that and those bottomless mimosas to stay bottomless then you might hit a bump or two. We were sat around 1:30 and ordered within 10 minutes. Bottomless mimosas were continually filled which was great. Then we waited for over an hour for our food with one persons food out coming out almost instantly. Personally my Benedict was warm if that and was sub par at best. The potatoes were not well done and overall a disappointment for the amount paid. Then comes the kicker the mimosas stopped at about 2:40. They ran out of champagne, so much for bottomless. If you want the club and booze come early and enjoy. If you want food to accompany the booze at equal value find somewhere else. 
Edit: I want to thank management for such a quick response. I also would like to say that the champagne shortage was warned ahead of time on the event ticket which I didn't know and I would like to apologize for being a bit hung up on that. Like I said before if your looking for a new place that gets it poppin on a Sunday morning give this place a go. I will be giving it another shot myself solely for the service. Thanks!From andre D,last night we went to dinner @ARDIENTE ,from the moment we went inn we were greeted with a smile,then we sat at the bar for a cocktail very friendly,then we sat for dinner ,well the place has an upbeat atmosphere amazing decoration the owner and manager greeted us then the server Andre very friendly,the chef told us he is doing a tasting menu for ,well let me tell you one course after another with wine pairing so delicious,tasty , prepared with such finesse very impressive from the young talented chef NIHAD we wish everyone a great success,thank you for a wonderful experience. And place you can't miss to visit.Absolutely superb, from the cocktails and food to the elegant and conscientious service.  The chef is a genius.  Try everything on the menu!Hottttttttt. This place is bringing sexy back. Unique Asian Cuban food fusion options, the most sultry bathroom concept I've ever seen and decor to floor you. Go here when you want to dress up, feel good, and make eye contact with someone equally as gorgI made a reservation at Ardiente for 9:30pm on a Tuesday night. My two companions and I had been looking forward to coming here and we were not disappointed in fact we got more than we expected.
Let's talk about the ambiance shall we. The mood, hands down sexy. The video graphics of belly dancing exotic ladies, the orange/red glow of the bar, the flicker of candlelight, the peep shows in the rest rooms, yes I said that. If you were not feeling amorous when you walked in you should be by the time you leave.
The decor, luscious and chic. Every detail has been considered, every area has its own feel but stays cohesive. There is a long bar with gorgeous artwork behind the bottles. Booth seating takes up the other side and in the rear elevated by a few steps is the main dining room.
We had the place mostly to ourselves which was great. Our server Andre was the absolute best. We began with hot tea and the Szchjaun Sangria and followed that with the fried squid, brussel sprouts salad and edemame. Now I eat almost anything but one of us is vegetarian and the other vegan. My vegan cousin will take a server through the ringer with her questions and special request and she was no different tonight. But Andre never faltered. In fact he was so knowledgeable about the menu that he knew exactly what could be modified and what could not. My cousin was needy even with her Sangria and Andre helped her modify that to her liking. He even explained to her how to squeeze the lime dipped in espelett to enhance her edemame. She was delighted with it and her drink. So was I with the calamari and my friend with his Brussels.
We ordered our entrees but before they came out I had inquired about the downstairs lounge. He explained it was private dining but then he offered us a tour. Say what????
Andre took us through the design of the room we were in first and then we went downstairs to the Louis Lounge. We all fell in love. If you are looking for a killer space to host a private event that will impress your guests this is it baby. We toured the bathrooms downstairs which was an event in itself. I've never been in a bathroom like it. We ended by going up a different flight of stairs that led to the kitchen where we got to meet Chef Hardrick. How amazing was that and so unexpected.
We finished with our entrees. I had the bibimpap, coconut shrimp rice for the vegetarian and the roasted eggplant for the vegan and I forgot about the complimentary jicima and kimchi that we got three helpings of. Andre explained every dish, table side tossed my bibimpap and took our picture for us before we left. To Chef Hardrick everything was delicious, please keep doing what you're doing. You too Andre. Thank you for doing the most and making us feel special. And I will spread the word about Ardiente.My daughters and son-in-law took me and my husband here 2 weeks ago. I can't begin to tell you how much we loved it. From the minute you walk in until you step out of the door, you are treated like you are the only patrons in the restaurant. I felt like I was walking into an exclusive, upscale restaurant in New York (especially since the outside facade of the building is nondescript). The decor is beautiful! Our server, Kim, was amazing! Everything she suggested we try was delicious. There wasn't one thing we didn't like. Don't miss the Spicy Edamame, Pork Jawn Bao, the Short Ribs, and the Cauliflower. Do NOT skip dessert. We enjoyed 3 out of the 6 desserts. We were so stuffed! There are a lot of items on the menu we are looking forward to trying. Everyone was very attentive. I believe it was the owner who stopped by our table twice to make sure we liked the food and our experience. Of course, we will definitely be visiting again. I highly recommend Ardiente. Go! You will not be disappointed!Wow, this place is an old city must! Delicious fusion cuisine, amazing service and great ambience.The food was delicious (we got the chorizo fried rice and shrimp buns app) and since the server carded me and my friend and saw that her bday was a few days ago, he gave us a piece of cake and some champagne for free! It was very nice and unexpected, we will be back!!I loved the atmosphere, food and service.  Everything was flawless which I did not expect. I had a cauliflower with pecans and curry sauce to die for. The eggplants with quinoa stuffing was the best vegetarian dish I've had in a while. New servers were having tasting menus, wine and cocktails tastings and studying the menus with notebooks and touch screen laptops to take notes. It really tells you a lot of positives about the restaurant.Absolutely amazing food. Everything from starters, dinner, drinks was delicious.  Their customer service was probably one of the best experiences I've had at any restaurant (and I've been to so many). Andre (our waiter) described each item on the menu and went to the level of detail that no waiter has gone before! His recommendations were all excellent! 
Now the food and service was great, but the ambiance of the place speaks for itself. Definitely a great place for a date or for a group of friends. 
I hear they have bottomless mimosas on Saturday and Sundays - I definitely plan on attending!Tasty creative dishes and wonderfully attentive staff. Loved the scallops, coconut rice, and crispy calamari salad.Ardiente has it all. I've been to all the hot spots in philly and Ardiente is a class above.  The decor was amazing. The food was simply out of this world. From the appetizers to the main course, I don't know what I liked the most because it was all incredible.  Absolutely tops in my book and I've been to the best!!I'll start off this review by giving a huge shoutout to the bartender, the servers and the manager. I think they made our whole experience pretty personal and memorable. Throughout the evening they kept checking on us for food, drinks etc. 
Ambience - I cannot emphasize enough but this is one of the few restaurants that have nicely spaced out tables. The interior seems to be inspired by a mix of cultures - mostly asian. Their bar is exceptionally beautiful! I think this might be my second most favorite bar design after Hakkasan in NYC. 
Food - Their menu is one of a kind - very different and I would highly recommend this place if you want to try combinations that you'd never imagine could go so well together. Everything was really delicious! Portion sizes are actually pretty generous and I would recommend you take it easy while ordering ;) Loved the Spicy Edamame and Shishito Peppers! The coconut rice was a little bland for my taste but it went perfectly with the Brussel Sprouts which were a little salty. Also - really beautiful presentation! 
Drinks - I think their cocktail menu really is quite thoughtful. They have something for everyone - be it sweet or strong. My friend who never drinks had two drinks - and that says a lot! My personal favorite is their Spicy Sangria - it will blow you away! I had two but next time, I'll have three! 
Dessert - Really interesting menu. I tried their dark Chocolate Mousse which has clearly made it to my top 5 favorite desserts in Philly. I will make sure to save more space next time to try other desserts on their menu. 
Definitely coming back!Ardiente is...uniquely fun, a bit salty, but has very sweet service and a dessert worth venturing out into the harbor.
Must get: frozen grand marnier souffle, brussel sprout salad, blood orange kimchi and pickled carrots (free), volcano chicken wrap
Meh: eggplant, calamari (fried), peppers (too salty), bibimbap ($$$)
Missed: larger plates
First, I want to give an unique shout-out to our server, Eric, who really took his time to talk to us, but in a really friendly manner. He spoke to us about Game of Thrones, family planning, and food recommendation for my pregnant wife. It was a very quiet night at the restaurant, so it was nice to see someone so engaged in his work.
As for the ambiance, Ardiente has a very clubby vibe with a beautiful stained glass mirror across the bar and a dim mood lighting that makes you wonder how this place will transform into a night club when the clock strikes 11.
As for food, I think it's a little overpriced and slightly oversalted. My favorite is still the shaved brussel sprout salad and the volcano chicken on butter lettuce wraps. The serving size is typical tapas, which is a shame considering how slightly expensive most of the dishes are. The biggest disappointment for me were the peppers and eggplants. Both were highly reviewed but the peppers were not spicy at all, and just salty, and the eggplant was still a bit too raw. However, the crown of the evening went to the complimentary frozen souffle. It's airy, it's alcoholic, it's not over sweet and it's an expensive treat, but totally worth it.
Overall, this is a nice place to take your friends, and you can reserve on yelp and get cash back with yelp credit card service, so it's a plus.
Food: 3 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiane: 4 stars
Price: 3 starsFood & drinks were amazing and great service! Skirt steak bibimbap was out of this world!!Ardiente is amazing! I've been a few times already, once on a romantic date, and then again with friends. Everyone loved it. The atmosphere is swanky and sexy, and the food is fantastic. 
My favorite food, in order:
- EGGPLANT was seriously the best eggplant I've ever had, but because it was unique. It was served inside the entire skin of the eggplant, carved in half, with the roasted eggplant inside, open faced. I seriously carved my spoon inside there to eat every last bite.
- EDAMAME again is the best I've ever had. I actually didn't even want to try it, because I thought edamame is the same no matter where you go. But it was highly recommended, so I tried it, and it is roasted some how with a delicious lime seasoning. Seriously not like any other edamame you'll ever eat.
- SHISHITO PEPPERS is delicious. I'm not even a pepper fan, but these are amazing! They aren't even very spicy, they are just full of flavor. 
- SCALLOPS entree was very good. They weren't huge, but the flavor was on point and they were cooked perfectly. 
- BIBIMBAP is a unique dish, my date's favorite. Its skirt steak served in a big bowl with rice, almost like a cast iron bowl that continues to flavor the more you use it. And they crack an egg on top and mix everything up inside. Its really good. 
- SEABASS I ordered for myself, I loved it. A thick cut, cooked perfectly, with slaw, and the sauces on top were so good.  
- SHORT RIBS entree was delicious. Cooked perfectly and easy to share with friends. There was no leftovers of this one! 
Next time I come back, I need to try the Pork Jawn Bao. That's been on my list to try for a while, looks so delicious! I also hear the ceviches are amazing, soI need to try those too. 
The DRINKS are also spectacular. The bartenders whip up some crafty cocktails, including my favorite Pisco sour, with a colorful "A" design in the egg white fluff. My other favorite drink is the European Gin & Tonic, it makes me feel like I'm back in Spain! My date's favorite is the szaorac, bourbon that is torched on fire. 
I'll come back many times, this place is really swanky, great vibe, delicious food, friendly service, totally 5 stars IMO! Great addition to Old City!Ardiente is Spanish for 'burning', and that's exactly how to describe it here! It's hot, super sexy and fits in with the Old City vibe perfectly! 
My husband and I were treated to a sneak peek at their preview soft opening back in May and fell so in love with the vibe. We wanted to head back again to actually taste what was on their menu, although the ceviche served that night did make it to the main menu. 
Lucky for us making last minute reservations for my birthday this past weekend for a larger party was super simple via Yelp! 
Upon entering, I was greeted immediately with warm birthday wishes and the hospitality continued to be top notch throughout the evening. Not just me, but my entire crew were treated to complimentary cocktails of our choice by Mike! The crew chose Szechuan Sangria, which is not on the menu, but was outstanding!! Memorable in fact! Perfectly spiced and packed with diced fruit!! A fantastic fall beverage. I actually may call to find out what's in it so I can try to recreate it for Thanksgiving!!
The menu is a nice fusion and has some veg friendly plates. They are noted as such. My top favorites were the cauliflower, which has a deep almost Indian taste to it. It was paired with pecan, lime and cilantro. Yum! I also enjoyed the cold creamy soba noodle and the roasted brussels, which were incredible!! All winners in my book! 
The crew also liked the spicy shrimp bao buns and the shrimp coconut rice, which was filled with shrimp and had a super creamy consistency that was loved! All plates were really well received! 
For dessert, the house treated me to a pretty little red velvet cake drizzled with a tasty flavorful mango sauce with a candle in it to celebrate my 37 years. So sweet! Thank you guys!! 
Ambiance is my thing and I really love the carefully thought-out design element at ever turn in Ardiente. Make sure you walk every inch of the multi-level, multi-faceted space! It's incredible!
On one hand, I wasn't quite sure exactly what to make of the space....lots of Buddhas and deity statues, gorgeous Moroccan lanterns, mandalas, stunning crystal chandeliers, lights with sexy fringe that kept reminding of leg lamp from "A Christmas Story". There's even an antler light fixture. It was definitely a hodgepodge, but it contained so many various elements I love separately and really, it all worked together here. It kept my eyes moving around the space all night. Add bold, colorful up-lighting and more candles (including ones that light the path downstairs) than I could count, and I totally dig the overall vibe so much!
Behind the main bar, which seems like a great place to happy hour or for pre-dinner drinks sits a detailed, mesmerizing stained glass which was originally hand sketched by the owner himself. Love this!! The attention to detail put forth in the design was also put forth in the carefully crafted cocktails and bites, that's for sure!
Downstairs feels like you're in a secret space with circular windows and sheer curtains drawn back for just a peek inside. You'll almost feel like you're doing something bad...in a good way. Yet another gorgeous bar down there! It's ornate and cut out just like the Moroccan lanterns that hang above upstairs. This was more of a cozy, lounge vibe section. The late night folks will surely hang here.
Both bathrooms were very interesting. The ones on the main floor has some kind of face recognition entry that will hold your space in line? I have never seen or heard of this before. So futuristic! The ones downstairs are unisex and remind me of the Emerald City...not the club, although I almost forgot about that place, like as in The Wizard Of Oz.
When we first visited there was a DJ who was stationed upstairs near the main bar who was fantastic and spinning old classics. So fun! Just recently we were informed starting the night after Thanksgiving moving forward, they will have dancers as entertainment also! 
We would personally bring our children for a dinner earlier in the night, but I'm not so sure it will be a place for all families. There are video screens with jellyfish, but also with belly and burlesque dancers, so perhaps save this one for date night. A date night you'll put on that LBD (little black dress) and whip out a smoky eye. Do it up here. 
I would say while the place is rather large, you may want make reservations anyway. It did seems to fill up as we were leaving closer to 9pm. 
For me, it reminds me of classic Old City, back when it was really thriving. The days of Billy Wongs and my beloved, and oh so missed Tangerine. MY days in Old City, when I used to stay out just a little later. (Wink, Wink) I welcome Ardiente as a new replacement for my old haunts. I've been waiting for one! I'm excited to frequent often and am thankful for feeling a bit younger when I'm here! Awesome night! No complaints at all!Was here last night for a friends birthday, this was by far the BEST resurant experience ive ever had. From the momment you walk in you see how much time and attention to detail they put in to opening this place. Immaculate is an understatement!! The executive chief Nihad did and AMAZING job on our tasting menu! Explained all the dishes even downnto where he gets the igredients from. No shortage of food at all! From the drinks, to the food, to the delishious deserts to our awsome waiter Andre i couldnt have imagined the night being so perfect. Thank you for such a memorable time! We will all deff be back!!This is a nice place but the food is not worth the price. I went with a group of 6 and we got a couple different items. All of us agree that there are places with better food for half of the price we paid.AMAZING BRUNCH!!!!!!! The food was OUTSTANDING. We had very personal service where the Chef greeted us and asked us how everything is going. Not only was the service very personalized, but Chef H.'s food was SPECTACULAR. Ardiente just started serving weekend brunch, so we feel like we discovered this before the hype (and wait times!) will grow. 
FYI, the way the steak is marinated in the Steak & Eggs makes it so juicy and tender.(to the tune of "I'm Coming Out" by Diana Ross)
You're... going... out. 
(You're going... OUT!)
You're going out. 
You want the world to know.
Putting on a show.
You're going out.
You've dressed up to the nines.
Time to wine and dine.
Yes, we know you're going out,
You're rolling squad deep
Don't expect to sleep
Before we drink, we gotta eat.
Ardiente seems
Just like the kind of place
You go to stuff your face
Oodles of dark space
As an Old City home base
The time has come for you 
To order up some grub
Open your mouth, 
We know you're going OUT!
Ardiente is definitely a scene. It's full of reds and dark corners, warm light that never gets very bright, and screens looping belly dancers and sexy ladies. That's not really my dinner ideal, but for groups (think birthdays, bachelor(ette)s, celebrations), this might be perfect. Lots of smaller plates worth sharing. Surprisingly, the Yuzu Burrata and shaved Brussels were our favorite dishes (which, beyond the Yuzu, didn't really feel either Chino or Latino as we'd expected).
The rice bowls are very filling, but didn't have a ton of protein (we went for the coconut shrimp). The "healthy" spinach cooked in coconut milk was so salty that I, a self-proclaimed salt-head, couldn't finish it.
Overall, this felt like the kind of club + resto I'd imagine doing okay in Old City, but probably nowhere else. The service, however, was spectacular and considerate. I just don't think I'll be rushing back for a visit anytime soon.We had the asparagus, the cauliflower and the scallops they were all great options, the chef came to our table and did the last touches on our plates, everything was in a person amount of size (it bothers me when its too much food on the plate) which made ir perfectly good to eat and enjoy the experience, the drinks were great too, they have non alcoholic mixes as well.100% amazing service. The meals are well thought out and planned, a fusion spin on dishes that are complimentary to other appetizers on the menu. The decor is refined and polished. Awesome place to unwind and treat yourself and with friends!We have been here twice now. First time was just me and my husband and we loved the buns, friend rice and coconut creamed spinach. Plus they have great cocktails and mocktails (for pregnant women or non drinkers).
We just went again last night with 2 other couples and did the tasting menu. Tons of food and dessert. Our favorites were the ribs, cauliflower, calamari salad, cold soba noodles, scallops and the short rib.  Service was impeccable! 
They have lots of options for food allergies too.Food is excellent! atmosphere was one of a kind, staff was knowledgeable and professional!
Had a great time with friends!  We had several things on the menu and all shared the experience.  Pork belly Bao Buns, Ceviche fresh and delicious, and cauliflower with the pecans are all a must try!!
Overall A+I'm always excited to try a new restaurant near my condo in Old City. And I'm happy to report that Ardiente is another fine addition to the neighborhood. The decor is cool and service is friendly. The food is served as shareable plates. I was able to sample the following dishes: 
 - Spareribs
 - Calamari Salad
 - Chicharron Fried Rice
 - Brussel Sprouts
The Spare Ribs and the Calamari Salad were the stand out stars. The ribs were falling off the bone tender and juicy, and I had enough to take home for the next day. The calamari was perfectly cooked in the salad and it was one of the better salad dishes I've ever tasted. Chicharron is pork, and it was the typical tasty pork fried rice dish. My cocktail was a perfectly made Old Fashioned.
The restaurant was empty, with only one other couple at a table and another couple at the bar. They need to get their name out there on food blogs and on shows like FYI Philly. They will do well once people know about them. The empty restaurant meant service was spotty, as the staff got distracted with conversation and their phones. The meal did end with a complementary champagne toast, since I went right after New Years. That was a nice touch.Great location in Old City, Great decor, good service, and good food.Really unimpressed with the food + overall experience. The owner's wife seemed really nice, she was there with her daughter. But I can't be bias cause she gave us a nice smile while checking in. 
The food was overly seasoned, and I love salty so that's saying a bit much. The fusion aspect was not done well + most of the items clashed, didn't compliment each other at all. Drinks were great, but way over priced to be served such a minuscule amount compared to the other neighboring restaurants/bars. 
Our server was nice, but not personable or genuine to enjoy his services. The place was so dead, the staff was blatantly on their phones + chatting with their co-workers instead of seeing my drink was empty and could have definitely used another before the meal was over. 
Oh well, their loss.I love Ardiente! I am torn about writing a review because I really want to keep this treasure to myself, but I definitely want this restaurant to get the rave reviews that it deserves. Although it looks quite nondescript from the outside, you are blown away when you walk through the doors. I could go on and on about how gorgeous it is inside, how NYC it feels, the attention to detail, the lighting, the colors, the chill house music playing while you eat, how the chef as well as the owner took the time to really make us feel welcome, and about the fabulous private dining room downstairs. It is a restaurant like no other. My husband and I ate here last week for a celebration dinner and the food was outstanding. We ordered off of the tasting menu and every single food item served to us was delicious. We visited tonight again and the experience was even better! Every appetizer - their spicy edamame were amazing as well as the fried shishito peppers and Pork Jawn Bao were outstanding. We ordered a selection off of the menu and I have nothing but rave reviews for every single items - in particular their Crispy Cornish hen was to die for! Their rice dishes are superb, their short ribs, and the cauliflower were all outstanding. We were with four other people who all loved Ardiente as much as we do. Then, we made it to desert and I swear we had one of everything on the menu. Do not miss their frozen grand marnier souffle or the Chocolate Pearl or the Limoncello desserts. We took a tour of their fabulous downstairs with its private dining room and private VIP entrance, too. We are thrilled to have this restaurant in Old City and plan to visit many more times.Impeccable. Possibly the most outstanding service I've ever received. Flawless menu selections, provided by the head Chef, who took the time to come out from the kitchen and introduce himself. There isn't anything on the menu that I wouldn't highly recommend. Even the Tea selection is presented in an ornate vessel for you to choose from. They pay attention to detail at Ardiente and follow through on the expectations that start building the minute you walk through the door and slowly become submerged in the experience.Really good food but small portions for the prices. We had ceviche, dumplings, and another fish dish I can't remember. All very flavorful but tiny portions. If you don't eat much you would probably enjoy it more.I went to Ardiente a couple weeks ago. Loved the place. We had a couple drinks at the bar before dinner. The spicy sangria was outstanding. It had the right amount of heat. So good! 
Dinner was amazing! From the ceviche to the cauliflower. Every dish was unique and delicious. Our server Diana was WONDERFUL! She was knowledgeable and so nice and accommodating. The place has a nice vibe. It's fun without being tacky. Can't wait to go back!!!!!I really enjoyed this spot. The outside doesn't reflect the sleek and sophisticated decor within. I did happy hour with some friends from work.
 The drinks were good and price was reasonable & music was right ....  and all the while you feel like you are in a NYC loungespot.
At 6 /6:30pm it kinda empty,  but I was told they were in 'soft opening'.
I love to try new spots, and I am glad I came...and I will come back.Went here last weekend with my mom and loved it. I wrote on the reservation that it was my moms birthday (one of the questions was "what's the occasion?"). They were very attentive to that and even brought my mom a piece of cake after dinner, very sweet. The service was incredible, another waitress checked up on us twice and asked us how we were enjoying our meal and asked for some feedback. I could tell they really cared about us enjoying our meal here. We got the edamame and traditional ceviche to start and both were delicious, edamame was the best I've ever had and the tostones the ceviche came with paired well with it. We got the Cornish hen to split and it was amazingly cooked. Drinks were also great and it seemed like the kind of place where you could get a drink specialized for you if you liked, my waiter seemed knowledgeable about the drinks and accommodating. I ordered a Moscow mule and it was good, my mother ordered a cocktail on the menu with tequila and grapefruit and it was good but strong. The atmosphere of the place was great, I loved the decor around the restaurant. Overall, great meal and great service! Would definitely recommend.Went here for brunch once and dinner twice. First of all, they have the most comfortable booths anywhere in the city.
Favorites:
The edamame empanadas are the best empanadas I've ever eaten.
Loved the pork jawn bao, the Brussels sprouts, the asparagus, the Chilean sea bass and the calamari. The rice dishes were all delicious.
For brunch, the steak in the steak and eggs was cooked perfectly, and the Ardiente Benedict was so tasty. Never had pork belly and chipotle hollandaise with a Benedict before.
Also, the interior is gorgeous. It's one of the nicest spaces you'll find in Philadelphia, and make sure to check out downstairs. 
This is a welcomed addition to Old City. Compliments to the chef!What can I say about this AMAZING place!!! Top shelf customer service and outstanding food and cocktails. Brought my fiance here for her last birthday before our wedding and they showed us how to treat a couple out on the town celebrate.
The food was all so amazing and the flavors complimented each other so well. If you want a great experience in Philly and like Latin or Asian cuisine you must try this place.I had been dying to come here due to the amazing instagram photos and instagram advertising. The inside is very modern and trendy. Had a very cool vibe. The food was delicious. I loved the kimchi and the short rib dish. I didn't get a great sense of the drinks will need to come back and try more. Over all great staff, great ambiance, great experience. If you haven't eaten here yet definitely make sure to check it out.Went to this place for dinner tonight and it did not disappoint.  Great service with a very friendly staff.  Wait staff was very helpful with making recommendations.  The Spicy edamame and Schezuan Sangria were both extremely good.  Overall had a very good time and was a pleasant experience.  Highly recommended.An amazing experience from the food to the attention to service and detail to making sure we were well taken care of. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.Excellent place even for large group of people. Perfect for people who love both Spanish and Asian food!!! Can't believe they can be so good!!!My wife and I have been to this place twice now and we have plans to bring additional friends with us in a few weeks. The food is great especially the Calamari Salad which is a favorite of my wife. The Spicy Shrimp Bao Buns are also great. Looking forward to trying more items on the menu.Wow. Honestly, this place is so so good. Totally underrated and unexpected fusion--it works tho and it's so worth checking out. I really recommend the spicy edamame and the scallops. Can't wait to try out even more next time I go 
We met the sous chef who was amazing and super humble about his bomb ass dishes. 10/10. Go!The food here was wonderful. The atmosphere was also amazing. Very sexy and elegant. 
The shrimp bao buns were excellent. I loved the shrimp rice, so fluffy and tasty. The sea bass was cooked wonderfully. I thought their cocktail list was expansive, very nice.Saw the great reviews and decided to give it a try.  We had the traditional ceviche, the octopus salad, the roasted corn, and the frozen Grand Marnier soufflé.  The ceviche was good, the octopus salad was tasty but a little too long on hearts of palm and short on octopus, and the corn was disappointing--it tasted like it had been roasted quite a while ago (and maybe boiled before that) and the seasonings were not memorable. The dessert was pretty good--a little too sweet for my taste but good when each spoonful had soon of the tart raspberry sauce to accompany it. 
The ambiance of the restaurant is good. Fortunately the noise from the very loud bar next door doesn't leak into the place.  Service was friendly and polite but rather incompetent and not particularly knowledgeable when asked questions about menu items.My new Fav for Latin Asian fusion.   Amazing vibe and atmosphere at this new old city hotspot.  Can't wait to come back and party the night away.   Great food electric DJ plus private lounge downstairs.  Run don't walk to Ardiente before it becomes impossible to get a reservation.  Make sure you save room for the homemade delectable desserts.Food was really good, I loved the eggplant dish! The server was good but I hate that they bring the iPads to the table, he didn't look up once. It kind of ruins the conversation and face-to-face interaction that is a part of the dining experience. They offer CBD cocktails, which were amazing! I love the atmosphere they have going, I was surprised they weren't busier. Though, I don't feel like there were any food options I would want to go back and try, the menu was somewhat limited being a vegetarian.Great food, great atmosphere and great service! Consistently good food and drinks. Best shishito peppers and edamame I've had all around. The bao buns are also a favorite. A little pricey, but worth it for a good meal!Stopped by Ardiente a couple weeks ago during restaurant week; and oh man what a steal of a meal. Having this restaurant on my radar ever since it opened, I am happy that I was able to score a table during prime time. By far the two favorite dishes of the night were the Shrimp Bao buns (not apart of of restaurant week) and the Beef Chow Fun. I'm pretty sure the Beef Chow Fun on its own is a reason in itself to stop by. Besides the food itself, this place would be the perfect setting for a date night or a fun girls night out on the town. The ambiance and the decor inside is super sexy and sleek. The cocktails are super unique and fun with something for everyone to try something familiar but with a slight twist. The cherry on top of the night was the surprise complementary glass of champagne to celebrate the New Year.  Ill be back soon enough to give this swanky place another try to sample other items on the menu.With Ardiente I don't even know where to begin! How about the front door? The place is stunning. Draped head to toe in sexy sensual decor. From top to bottom the location glistens despite its dark atmosphere. The bar is sleek and inviting with a warm sophistication that is matched only by the competency of its bar staff. 
I came here with five of my others friends for my birthday on a spur of the moment decision and I am so glad we did. We weren't sure if we were going to eat or not but after tasting a number of their incredible craft cocktails we figured this place likely had even more to offer other than looks and fancy cocktails. Boy were we right!
Our bartender Kate made some great suggestions and because we couldn't decide we were offered a chefs tasting menu. For a super reasonable price my guests and I were treated to plate after plate of mouth watering meals. I'd like to name everything we ate but there was so much happening that I couldn't possibly fit it all here. The tune collar fried rice, the volcano chicken, the INCREDIBLE ceviche, an amazing cauliflower side dish that blew my mind with it's creative and unique flavor profiles... the tiradito was shocking but my absolute favorite thing was the bbq spare ribs, which our bar tender informed us was made with amazing citrus glaze that ran a gamut of flavors and ending up being a wildly complex fall off the bone rack of ribs. 
The variety of food was wild, yet held together beautifully through unique flavors and considered pairings. I wouldn't be able to go back without getting the chef's tasting again because anything less would leave you wishing you tried every item on the menu (next time we likely will!)
The hostess was warm and welcoming from the start and several staff members, including an incredibly charming manager named Ron and even the Chef himself came to talk about the food and drinks we were so thoroughly enjoying. 
The tasting ended with five of the most amazing desserts I have ever tasted, including a sugar free treat you have to taste to believe. 
This place is dripping with finesse and skill and you can see and taste it at every step. Ask for a tour because the location is magnificent! If I had enough friends I'd book their private lounge (complete with statues of Shiva and amazing other decor elements). 
Thanks again Ardiente! My birthday was a true treat at your establishment!I'm finding the negative reviews I've read here to be a bit exaggerated. Maybe written after drinks? Latin-Asian Fusion? Sold! This restaurant is unbelievably impressive to the eyes on the inside- and camouflaged from the looks of the building on the outside. Nice surprise! You feel like you're in an upscale venue in New York. I really see Philly becoming quite the restaurant/lounge scene!! Brought my husband here for his birthday! 
Our waiter was exceptionally kind and knowledgeable. The food was nothing less than high quality. I can't comment on the bar since we don't drink; but wow- it was a beautiful beautiful bar!!!! Ardiente: Means "Burning." And the bursts of red/orange decor reflected that name perfectly. 
Since they've only recently opened, It looks like they're still fine tuning what to include in the menu, by feeling out their guests. The manager/maybe owner?...was pleasantly sweet, and genuinely wanted our experience to be a great one. Not to mention, they brought out a free dessert for my husbands bday (and new baby on the way next week!!!) 
What we really really liked? Starters: Spicy Shrimp Bao, Volcano Chicken. Main: Clay Pot Skirt Steak Bibimbap (mixed table side). Only thing we noticed is meat portion was a tad small in Bibimbap for cost. Might need improvement on portion, however flavors were amazing! We also ordered the Roasted Eggplant dish topped really flavorful quinoa- now this portion was huyuugeee-not complaining! I really enjoyed it; I added a little salt (but maybe just my preference). Side dish: We tried their cauliflower; wasn't a big favorite for us; needed a little more flavor or drizzle of some sort. 
Anyways! I would def recommend giving Ardiente a try. Especially if you're looking to impress someone. They havnt exactly fully advertised their opening; so we felt like it was a cool experience, even if we were experimental guests to them, ha!! This place became more lively around 9-10pm, as we arrived at 730. 
Cost seemed fair to us, comparable to Buddakan, I would say. We ordered 2 apps, 2 salads, 2 entrees, 1 side, 2 cokes: for around $140. And we left very,very full-plus took leftovers. This sexy, intimate date night feel was perfect! And you won't be able to stop staring all around you, because it's quite big and GORGEOUS inside! Good luck to this new old city gem!!Ardiente has been on my radar for a while. I was waiting for a good excuse to go, because it seemed like a "special occasion" restaurant, so as 2018 drew to a close and my wedding anniversary approached, it seemed like the perfect time to check it out.
Here's the thing about "special occasion" places in Philly - they are still FUN. There is such a warmth and conviviality that you can relax, have a great time, and be yourself in beautiful settings with amazing food and service even if you weren't born with a silver spoon in your mouth. That is definitely true of Ardiente. The service is so welcoming and friendly. It was like this weird feeling where they seemed to actually APPRECIATE that we had chosen to dine there, out of all the other options. I've gotten good service at other fancy restaurants in the past, but there was more this sense of, WHY would you choose to dine anywhere ELSE? Maybe I just have hangups about arrogance, but I was very touched by this aspect of the experience #recoveringNewYorker
"Beautiful" doesn't even begin to do justice in describing the decor and ambiance, but maybe I'm biased because warm lighting, sexy lampshades and light fixtures, colorful walls and furniture, gorgeous mosaic artwork and provocative framed photography adorning the walls - I love all of that. #interiordecoratinggoals
So finally, getting to the meat of the matter - the food! Except, since both my husband and I are vegetarian, no meat at all! While Ardiente doesn't bill itself as a vegetarian foodie destination, it may as well, because the food was some of the best that I've ever had. I decided to follow the recommendations of my fellow vegetarian Yelpers, and I was very glad that I did (thank you Amer K and Nipa T!) The first items to arrive were the roasted cauliflower with pecans, lime, cilantro, and the fresh burrata cheese with fire roasted bread and yuzu marmalade. Oh my god. It should not even be legal for cauliflower to be prepared to be so ridiculously delicious. And being listed under the "Healthy Stuff" section of the menu, people might get confusing notion that it's possible for healthy, non-meat dishes to actually taste really great! For us that was the star of the whole meal. The burrata was really good too - I was a little nervous about this one because I was afraid the bread would be toasted to dryness, but it was somehow roasted in such a way as to be flavorful, moist, and yet not drowning in oil. The chef must be a magician to make plain BREAD taste that good. And the cheese and marmalade weren't shabby either. High marks for both as appetizer options.
The roasted eggplant with quinoa, dried cherries and cilantro was the one vegetarian entree, but what an entree - they're not kidding when they describe it as a "big share!" We received a massive eggplant that was split in half and stuffed with the aforementioned quinoa, cherries and cilantro, which had all been caramelized together into some kind of deliciousness. We actually had to take one of the halves home, because after the two appetizers, one roasted eggplant half was more than enough. For the prices and quality, the portions here are extremely generous.
A couple of extra tips and notes - getting the burrata AND the eggplant was a great choice because when eaten together, the cheese complements the stuffed eggplant really well. For the eggplant half that we took home, it still tasted excellent even a couple of days later - actually, I'd say that I liked the reheated version better because I roasted the heck out of it for another hour, and I prefer eggplant to be so cooked that it's like nightshade butter (that's just a personal preference though, probably because I was used to eating eggplant prepared that way when I was growing up).
The best part of the night was learning that while fancy, beautiful, and amazing, eating at Ardiente isn't the equivalent of going to church in terms of its expectations from sinful parishioners. Even though the experience could definitely be described as ethereal.What a great place! perfect location, decor, food and drinks. If you are looking to impress your date, colleagues, family or friends than this is the place for you. Attended a private party downstairs on their VIP area and we all had a blast. The chef, staff and owner were very attentive to all of the guest needs, the food and ambiance were second to none. Look forward to going back soon!With Ardiente I don't even know where to begin! How about the front door? The place is stunning. Draped head to toe in sexy sensual decor. From top to bottom the location glistens despite its dark atmosphere. The bar is sleek and inviting with a warm sophistication that is matched only by the competency of its bar staff. 
I came here with five of my others friends for my birthday on a spur of the moment decision and I am so glad we did. We weren't sure if we were going to eat or not but after tasting a number of their incredible craft cocktails we figured this place likely had even more to offer other than looks and fancy cocktails. Boy were we right!
Our bartender Jolene made some great suggestions and because we couldn't decide we were offered a chefs tasting menu. For a super reasonable price my guests and I were treated to plate after plate of mouth watering meals. I'd like to name everything we ate but there was so much happening that I couldn't possibly fit it all here. The tune collar fried rice, the volcano chicken, the INCREDIBLE ceviche, an amazing cauliflower side dish that blew my mind with it's creative and unique flavor profiles... the tiradito was shocking but my absolute favorite thing was the bbq spare ribs, which our bar tender informed us was made with amazing citrus glaze that ran a gamut of flavors and ending up being a wildly complex fall off the bone rack of ribs. 
The variety of food was wild, yet held together beautifully through unique flavors and considered pairings. I wouldn't be able to go back without getting the chef's tasting again because anything less would leave you wishing you tried every item on the menu (next time we likely will!)
The hostess was warm and welcoming from the start and several staff members, including an incredibly charming manager named Ron and even the Chef himself came to talk about the food and drinks we were so thoroughly enjoying. 
The tasting ended with five of the most amazing desserts I have ever tasted, including a sugar free treat you have to taste to believe. 
This place is dripping with finesse and skill and you can see and taste it at every step. Ask for a tour because the location is magnificent! If I had enough friends I'd book their private lounge (complete with statues of Shiva and amazing other decor elements). 
Thanks again Ardiente! My birthday was a true treat at your establishment!