The place is tiny and it was packed when we arrived. I thought it was homey, but I did start to feel congested after awhile. Up in the front is an elevated platform where you can sit on mats with pillows and blankets while people stare at you through the restaurant window. The food was pretty good--we ordered the sambosa goshti, buranee kadu and a combination dish with rice and chicken, lamb and beef. The buranee kadu was surprisingly good, like melt in your mouth good. The rice was good, and, contrary to the other reviewers, I thought that the beef tasted better than the lamb. It just had more of a crunch and smokey flavor. Not sure if I would come here again though.Very good food, reasonable prices. I recommend norange palow, the saffron rice is divineThis has been the spot my wife and I visit when we are in Phila, BYOB great hookah and awesome Afghan food, perfect combo.I went here with some coworkers while visiting Philly for business. It was pretty empty when we first arrived but could have been due to the weather. I had the chicken kabob with samosas. The samosas were pretty decent, had a nice flavor with the cilantro sauce. The chicken kabob came with rice and a side salad with a ranch dressing. I am personally not a fan of ranch but I guess this is the only option for salad dressing. The entree came with bread that was very good. As for the kabob, I would recommend asking for spicy. It gave it an added flavor that really made the chicken taste better without being overly hot. The rice was a bit dry like others have mentioned but they do add a tiny bit of sauce too. The kabob could have had more onions and peppers. I only got two small pieces for each kabob. Overall, if you are hungry and have no other choices give it a try.I love Ariana - and always order the same thing. Chalaw kadu. I wish I could have some now and am wondering how I can make my own!First let me say I never had Afghan food before therefore I have nothing to compare it to. All I have to say if this is what Afghan food is then I'm a big fan. 
I started with Sambosa and this was delicious. The pastry was very flaky and flavorful and the inside was filled with potatoes, chick peas and spices was the perfect combination.
For my entrée I had he chicken corma with basmatic rice. I was a little afraid to order this since I don't like spicy food but our waiter explain it wouldn't be spicy at all and he was right.
The chicken corma was so good, the sauce was great especially over the rice.
My dinner companion had the lamb and really enjoyed as well.
This restaurant is BYOBIt looks pretty sure, but don't look fools deceive you. We came here to eat dinner and it took about 45 minutes to receive our food.
This restaurant was not worth the expensive price. 3 dishes for $65? Outrageous, the quantities were terrible, the service was terrible. Will never eat here again. The hostess was rude and tended to the only other customers in the room. She intentionally ignored us and our food came 45 minutes after the order. It was barely anything on the plate. he food was terrible and as apart of this culture, I could have cooked most of this food at home for under $10.
The quickest she came was to pick up the check, did not tip more than $5. No good service, no good tip.Loved this spot! My first time eating Afghan food and I look forward to coming back. The Narange Palow is the yellow plate in the photo served with lamb. It's cooked in rose water which makes it taste sweeter than regular rice. Reservations are not important, just walk in and enjoy!We ate here many times and always enjoyed ourselves until the last time.  It's a small place and they have added hookah.  Unfortunately, the tobacco smoke makes dinner a disaster for me as I am highly allergic to tobacco smoke.  I don't know why this is legal when smoking cigarettes, pipes, and cigars is illegal.  I guess smoking fans convinced the city that hookahs are totally different.  Well, they are not.
Food is great.  If you are a smoker, this would be a good place to dine.Zabiha for those of you who follow Z-Club (i.e similar to Kosher).  I get the Kabobs every time I go, and I must say, their blend of marinade is excellent!   It's a relatively simple restaurant in an historic part of town.    The waitress looks like Selma Hayek!!  There are two tables covered in Afghan decor that makes the experience of eating Afghani food much more cultural. Nice to go to with a group of friends.  Gave it 4 starts because the service was a bit on the slow side (but that's only because 3 people are running the show....pretty impressive actually).  GO!Ariana is a long-established Afghan restaurant in the heart of Old City Philadelphia.  It's been around a long time because it is well-run and the food is good.  I attended a Yelp event here last evening that confirmed these facts.  For starters, we had the famous and delicious Afghan Sambosas and Aashaks.  I could have eaten a lot more of these but then I wouldn't have had room for the entrée.  An ordinary salad was served in between courses but my entrée of the Afghan national dish of Kabuli Palow was perfectly put together and with the addition of Chatni hot sauce, it was def tasty.  A desert of Firnee (cardomom and rose water custard) concluded the meal - that is if you don't count the hookah as a course.  Of course for many people in the restaurant, I think the belly dancing was the true desert!{ International Wednesday Post }
This place is definitely delicious and fun!!!  We set out into the city looking for a food adventure and I would say this place definitely satisfied. Its a dimly lit romantic spot with exotic music and tantalizing aromas. The flavors were super fragrant and fresh. I didn't recognize the spices but they were really yummy! 
I would totally recommend both my entree and side dish:
Kabuli Palow: Delicately seasoned chunks of lamb or chicken under brown 
basmati rice. Topped with almonds, pistachios, carrots, and 
raisins.
Buranee Kadu: Sauteed pumpkin pieces topped with yogurt and meat sauce.
Definitely try the pumpkin!
BYOBDisappointing afghany restaurant in olde city. The Ariana kabob (chicken, beef, and lamb) was served on a large platter that was predominantly rice and a few small pieces of meat. The meat wasn't good. The service was very slow. Can't think of any reason to come back here.Love this place. It was the first time I've tried Afghan food, and it was amazing.
The waitress was very nice and checked on us regularly. 
The inside is very intimate even when it's crowded. It's BYOB which adds to that feel.
We came on a Saturday night, and we were ready to leave around 1am, and people were still coming in, so it's definitely an awesome late night dining place.
The food was yummy and although you have to tell the server if you want your food spicy, I wish that mine was spicier.
We got 2 hookahs and they were both clean and properly prepared (which is oftentimes an issue at restaurants).
Overall this restaurant is great and consistent and I've been back several times since.My friends and I were looking for a place to eat and stumbled upon this while walking in old city. We were pleasantly surprised! The place is gorgeous, the service was very accommodating, and the food was delicious. We all ordered something different so we could share our plates. IT WAS ALL DELICIOUS. Can't wait to go back!Starters are good, food 's good and looks authentic. Service is very slow though and not the best...I always drive by an Afghan restaurant in NYC that I've always wanted to visit, so when I saw this place in Philly I made it a priority. It's a nice low key place with hookah and some great scents from spices. 
My friend and I shared some sambosa with cilantro and thinking about it makes me want some right now. It was really good. After that we enjoyed the chicken corma and lamb with eggplant. The corma has such a nice seasoning to it that I would try the lamb corma next time. Both dishes were very good, and makes me want to try more food from that region like Iranian cuisine. You can also bring a bottle of your favorite drink, which is always great.The food here is simply amazing. It is not spicy like Indian food, and they have several vegetarian specialties which is great.I came to Ariana with a bunch of friends and I am sorry to say I will never come back.
The staff was in attentive, slow and un-accommodating. There was no one on the floor most of the evening, and another couple left after 20 minutes since no one greeted them. One of the two hookahs we ordered didn't work, and we had to flag down the waiter for drinks, food menus, and anytime we wanted to order anything. It was as if they didn't want our business or money. I will say the food was delicious, but serving sizes were small and definitely not worth the abysmal service we received.As soon as we were finished our main meal, my husband said, I'm definitely coming back here again!" The service was amazing, so pleasant and attentive. The food was delicious! For people who are hesitant to try new foods, I would highly recommend this place b/c the cuisine isn't too overpowering, but it has many subtle flavors, at least in the meals we ordered. We started with the Aashak, which were these steamed dumplings with meat sauce. I don't eat beef, so I did not partake, but my husband seemed to like them. I ordered the Badenjan Chalow (chunks of chicken and eggplant, cooked with tomatoes, onions, garlic and spices. Served with white basmati rice) I wish I could recreate this at home. The chicken was so juicy and tender and the basmati rice was perfectly cooked, not mushy at all. He ordered Ariana Kabob (lamb, chicken, and beef on two char-grilled skewers. Served with brown basmati rice) and seemed to enjoy every minute of it. Also, it's BYO!Came here with a group. Good food. Sambosa was delicious. Chicken kabobs were great and flavored nicely. Friendly staff. Good place to try out afghan foodLeaving the art museum, my husband and I were looking online for a place to eat near our hotel. We saw Ariana and thought, "hey, let's try something new." Great decision! The decor is really nice, and the service was wonderful. The best part though was the food. We both had lamb dishes, each very different but equally delicious. The sambosas were amazing and we finished with baklava. Couldn't have asked for a better dinner. Definitely adding it to our list of favorites.I've always credited Yelp with opening my pallate to new and exotic things. This particular excursion wasn't with current Yelpers per se, but were it not for Yelp, I wouldn't have the guts to even drive into the city to try the newness.
That said, I walked into Ariana with some trepidation. Having read " The Kite Runner" and " 1000 splendid suns" I had an idea of Afgani cuisine, but would I like it?
I was meeting some good friends, old and new, for a pre Lost Finale meal, so the excitement was palpable. I was late and they had ordered some apps. I thought it better not to ask and just dig in as my mind somehow tortures me when given too much info. I was blown away! There was a delicious puff pastry filled with spices and cheese, and a sort of raviloi with garlic and meat sauce.  Both killed it.
For my entree, I ordered a spicy beef kabob over rice. I loved it! This along with the apps were almost remeniscant of my time in Greece, so they were very Mediterranean influenced ( or vice versa). 
The kabob was little mini meatloaves on a skewer with veggies. The waitress carefully pulled out the redhot skewers,  which saved me from burning my face on them. They were HOT but not obnoxiously so. I think I should order all my food like that, as a way of slowing me down so that I can actually enjoy a meal. I loved the rice and bread that accompanied it as well.
Other things on the table that I sampled, were a pumkin app and a cauliflower dish. Both impressed. We were stuffed and running late so we had to skip dessert, but it's something to look forward to for next time. 
Just a note that I ate my leftovers the next day without the luxury of being able to heat it up and it was also excellent cold. 
So chalk another ethnic cuisine off my list. Thanks to Yelp ( and specifically Eric and Aaron) for making this too easy. Any of you that were like me, thinking the Asian chicken at Wendys is exotic, can take my word for it. It's better to give these places a shot. There is life after hamburgers.The food was good, but the wait seemed forever and ever. We were one of two tables in the restaurant. We got one platter to share; no drinks, appetizers, nada. We were in a hurry because we had to do something after so we thought this would be a quick bite. Nope. A kebab platter took 25 minutes to come out. We probably won't be back.The atmosphere is really cozy, I absolutely recommend making reservations for the table on the window. It has a bunch of pillows and you sit on the floor. It is also a byo, which is great. I had a lot of fun here, their hookahs are really good. The food wasn't amazing but I am giving it 4 stars because I really enjoyed the place.Love this place- get #16 sweet orangey rice with lamb- I just wish there were a few more lamb chunks. I love the salad beforehand too, and I also recomment the eggplant veggie dishes, pumpkin too. Always incredible service here and the owner personally thanks you for coming. Bring your student advantage card and get 20% off!I've been here twice now. Comfy, decent service, and very yummy. 
Plus 20% off with a movie ticket! Good deal to me!Overpriced, below-average food, and awful service. I am really not sure how this place is still in business.
I was looking for places in center city that I could reserve for a birthday party. Ariana came up as a restaurant that would be able to accomodate 30-40 people and allow us to eat dinner and play music afterwards. At a price point of $15 per person before tax and tip ($19/person after tax and included gratuity), we thought this would be an amazing bargain. 
The food: Quite bland. The Chicken Corma, Lamb in Red Lentils, and Spinach dishes were just ok. The Saffron Pilaf was oddly sweet and undercooked. The bread that is included with the meal was just alright. 
The Service: When I placed my deposit to reserve the restaurant, we were told that the restaurant closes at 10PM and that we would have the space from 10:30PM to 2AM. On the night of the party, there were still multiple groups eating at the restaurant until 11:30pm. Then, once those individuals left, Ariana's staff served us mediocre food with very tiny portions (e.g. tiny dishes containing 3 chunks of chicken to split among 6 people). We had to ask multiple times for them to bring out more food because people were still hungry. Then at 1:20AM, they tried to tell us that they will actually close at 1:30 and that we would have to leave 30 mins earlier than what was initially agreed to.
They also mentioned that we would be able to play our own music from an iphone or ipod, however their outdated Ps3/blueray machine doesnt even recognize the iphone 5. I used an old Ipod nano and after about 20 mins, the staff changed the music to afghani music videos and told us to dance to that instead. They did this multiple times in the night. On top of that, some of the male staff at Ariana made my female friends uncomfortable by hitting on them. 
Don't bother with this place. I can think of plenty or restaurants in the area (Han Dynasty anyone?) with much better food and service and where you wont be made uncomfortable by the wait staff.Ambiance/decor is really charming, I especially like the sitting area in the front. Food had delicious and authentic. The Dumplings were rich in flavor and a must order. The tea with mint was the perfect end to dinner.This is my go-to place when I have visitors in the city. The Afghan food is something a little different but is very approachable. And Ariana's does it right!  A couple can eat here for easily $35 including tip. My favorites include - Appetizers/Sides: Aashak, Burandee Kadu, and Buranee Badenjan (you can pick three as a sampler kind of thing) Entrees: Lamb Corma, Norange Palow, and Badenjan Chalow. Go for the lamb over chicken, it is so tender! Also, they have delicious ice cream that is definately worth trying. The service is very unassuming but great. It is also a BYO, so don't forget a bottle of wine. Side note: if you have a group of four, ask for the table in the window. It is traditional style dining (sitting cross legged on the floor).Walking into Ariana feels like being invited into your extremely cool friend's living room. Beautifully ornate rugs, padded chairs, colorful wall hangings, sweet shisha smoke hanging in the air, delicious smells wafting from the kitchen, and a hip, diverse crowd in deep states of chillness and relaxation. It is an unpretentious, thoroughly warm and welcoming oasis from the madness of Old City.
I had two great friends visiting me in Philly for a weekend. After a nice day of walking around the city and checking out the Mütter Museum, we decided to take a breather with a movie at the Ritz and then have a late dinner. Around 6:45, I called Ariana to ask if they took reservations. They did! And yes, they could seat the three of us at 9pm on a Saturday. Score!
It was an easy walk from Ritz at the Bourse. We walked in and were welcomed by a lovely, smiling woman who, it turned out, would also be our waitress for the evening. Our table was spacious and comfortable (those padded, upholstered chairs!) and we could tell right away this would be a great place to while away the evening.
One of my friends had the pulao with chicken, which turned out to be this intoxicating blend of sweet, acidic, proteiny and savory. It was excellent. My other friend had a chicken kabob and was very happy with that. I had a dish of split-pea daal topped with lamb stew. It was incredible, and the quality of the lamb was top-notch. Oh, I almost forget that we also split several appetizers, different varieties of dumplings, and those were extremely good, as well. My favorite was filled with fresh chives.
Afterwards, we smoked a hookah. The hookah pipes are attractive and clean, and there was a ton of shisha in there. We ordered a second coal but we finally had to end up leaving unsmoked shisha because we were all starting to feel a little light-headed! The shisha was good-quality and delicious. I should also say that the air had the light smell of sweet smoke, just enough to be atmospheric and pleasant, but Ariana's must have a very good ventilation system because even with a hookah on practically every table, it was never oppressively smoky or remotely close.
The crowd was great. It was diverse--mostly Black and Brown with a few White people--and very chill and friendly. Everyone was happy and having a good time. Ariana is BYOB, so some people brought wine. One table made the power move of bringing a bottle of Jameson along!
When we finally left, our waitress smiled broadly and wished us a good night and told us to come back some time. The service was friendly and warm, from beginning to end.
The next day, my friends were still raving about Ariana, so this is definitely a keeper for entertaining out-of-town guests. But for us Philly folks, there is no reason not to make Ariana a regular stop. It is an excellent alternative to some of the more pretentious/fratty places in Old City and more to the point, a fantastic establishment in its own right.An amazing culinary experience in the midsts of pub food and bars. Ariana's provides patrons with a calm and homey ambiance, stellar service, and delicious, flavorful food. Fresh, vibrant tastes that are so different from the surrounding restaurants in the area. We are sure to be visiting again and bringing friends! A must go!Split an appetizer w some friends. The sampler is great. Food made w care. Takes a bit but well worth it. Also had the afghan style ice cream. Omg indescribable. W the red velvet hookah, the tastes were divine. Lots of louder, afghani and Turkish hip hop playing- it seemed to get louder as the night went on. Great serviceOne of my favorites in the city.  Great food. Quick.  I love the korma and kaboob.  Great service.  Definitely recommend for a great home cooked meal!  Hookah is some of the best in the city.Highly Recommended I visited here from California seeing family one night we planed to go and eat outside and we found out about this Ariana resturant  to be honest We really liked this place very nice people the owner I met Mr Sultani was very nice and very friendly guy with two other boys they served us the food it was so yammy   We liked the Qabili rice the Kobida grilled chicken everything was awesome 5 starsMy husband loves Afghan food and we have been to Ariana a few times. In the past, we have always liked the meals and service here, but this time around, it has gone downhill. 
The food was ok and the service was not great. We were seated at the same time with another couple who walked in just before us.  We ordered at the same time. Yet, it took at least 50 minutes before our meal came out.  30 minutes after ordering our entrees, the lady server came to us to ask if we wanted our meal to be spicy!  What took so long? Meanwhile, the other couple already had got their meal and was eating.   
My husband ordered the Lamb Kabob entree ($16.50).  The lamb was nicely charred but quite tough and overdone.  I ordered the Chicken Kabob ($15.50), which also was nicely charred also, but not bad, it was actually good.  The dishes came with onions and pieces of peppers and tomatoes in addition to the meat.  The meat portions seem to have shrunk.  All food came with a salad with dill/ranch like dressing. It was tasty. The entrées came with what they called basmati rice (but seemed more like long grain rice to me. I am Indian, I know my basmati rice) and Afghan bread. No one came neither to refill our water, nor ask how our meal was. If we wanted service, we had to raise our hand for it.
We used the entertainment book discount, which clearly said buy one entrée and get one free (up to $15). Since our lowest price meal was $15.50, we should have got $15 off, but they honored only $13. This to us is misleading the customer.
Overall the food was not awful, but I feel it was overpriced for what we got, and the service is not at all great. We will not be returning.  Rather go next door to Kabul!Lemme just start off by saying, I grew up in Iran and I know my kebabs. When it comes to chicken, lamb, and beef kebabs on skewers, it's really easy for a Persian to tell if they know what they're doing or not.
And Ariana offers SUCH an exquisite experience. The basmati rice is fantasticly cooked. The bread is fresh, homemade, and DELICIOUS. And not only have they mastered the art of making kebabs, but they give you ONE skewer with THREE different meats on it. How the hell?? Each meat cooks differently... Some cray ish!!
I'm giving this place 5 starts for 4 reasons:
1. The staff is friendly and really helpful. Ask for a glass of water, and they'll run for it.
2. They know how to make, HANDS DOWN, the tastiest kebabs. (At least in the Philadelphia area.)
3. Their hookah is ON point! Wide variety of flavors, and they surprised us once with a pineapple on top (where you put the tobacco.) Which was SO cool. Never tried that one before.
4. And lastly, the flavors from spices take me back to when I used to eat kebabs with my family in Iran. After living outside Iran for quite some time, I've been in the haunt for some legit kebabs in Philadelphia and it's been extremely disappointed. Then I gave this place a try. The first bite of their chicken kebab delightfully reminded me of what middle eastern kebab's ALL about!!
My dad came to Philly from Iran for the first time, and he thought this place was the bomb too. And my dad's NEVER wrong. EVER.Great place. I have been here three or four times over the last five years and have never been disappointed. Service is wonderful and they don't rush you out.The Ariana kabob is bangn! Best afgani/ hookah spot in Philly. And you know its good when the chef actually joins you for dinner! Def will recommend to friends.This Resturant was one of my favorites. It has so many veggie options that I love. I am not a big meat eater but my favorite thing here (besides the lentil soup) is the chicken kabob. The chutney and dressing for the salad is amazing. And the bread comes out warm and is worth every carb. Highly recommend. Can't wait to come back.I tried this place for the first time and I am extremely glad I did! I got the Kabuli Palow was incredibly flavorful and filling. The chicken was cooked perfectly and the rice was nice and tender. They also delivered it very fast and the delivery man was quite nice. I am making this one of my usual places!I really enjoyed my food here, as it was hearty, homey, and not too complicated. It was a bit pricey for the lack of complexity of the dish and there wasn't *that* much meat, so I'm not sure why my cauliflower chicken was like $15. Anyway I couldn't help but eat all the rice and felt very satiated upon completing my meal.
All food comes with a salad and also Afghan bread. The salad has a very strange dressing that is not quite like ranch, but if pressed, you'd call it ranch. The bread is pretty interesting, it's like a milder focaccia. 
My main concern is that our waiter was almost completely unintelligible. I couldn't hear a WORD out of his mouth. He was speaking so softly and just mumbled all of his words. I mean, he wasn't rude, in fact he was very polite in his demeanor. I think he just needs to energize and project his voice.
Overall you get a very homey vibe from this place and none of the food is very offensive in taste so I think it's a great chance to try out Afghan food if you're feeling adventurous.Great place for those who get the culture. I am from Tajikistan so I spoke the language the personnel did. They place special requested music for us. Food was simple yet very good. We had a great time. One only thing is that this place needs a good manager who will renovate the place and will emprove the appearance of the food....make it more estheticNot bad. Ordered kabuli but got rice with half a handful of raisins and carrots dropped on top. Lamb was good but not enough. The pregnant hostess was super nice but the waitress was a bit curt and rude. Could've been a good experience but wasn't. Probably won't be going back. Philly just doesn't seem the place for good afghan food. Northern VA is still the best area for afghan cuisine.I walked past Ariana on a beautiful Sunday evening and i couldn't resist going in for dinner. I started with the yogurt drink which I picked salty over sweet. It was very fresh and tasty and especially after a long day at the game. Then I had three sides mix which was the spinach, cauliflower and the lentil, with a side of bread. Everything was absolutely delicious and the service was excellent.This place is sooooooooo amazing!!! Highly recommended!! The food is very authentic,  get the cauiflower.....Excellent food! Lamb chops were tender and tasty. The appetizer (Ashak) was seasoned perfectly and yummy!
It's funny because they are right next door to another Afghan restaurant, which might be tough for patrons to choose between. It was for me lol........but I highly recommend this place. YUMMY!Such a cute little place, the staff is very friendly, the food is good and I love the fact that they have a vegetarian section on the menu. They also have some great hookha flavor, it's great for an intimate dinner where you can actually have a conversation without loud music.great food and great service! i have hosted many parties with them and they have been very accommodating. the manager named Mo is also very accommodating. the only drawback is that the food portions (specifically meat) are typically on the smaller side and tends to be a little bit overpriced.This place is great.  It is definitely no frills inside and I will admit to being a bit nervous about what was going to be put on my plate after receiving a half-hearted salad that likely came from a bag.  Everything else is great.  I have tried many dishes and never been disappointed.  I am particularly a fan of their lamb and eggplant dishes.  Service is good and goes with the laid back atmosphere. 
The food is consistent and great. I've eaten here close to 30 times in 5 years.  My dad still talks about the kabobs. Do your self a favor and try it.The food of the main dish was not bad, basic. Though, the dessert (jelabbi) and the lassi mango were awful, especially the mango lassi that was like a mango white yogurt. I ordered a peach mint hookah that looked more like a mint than a peach mint one, but still the price is of 18 what I consider fair. To sum up, nothing extraordinary in this restaurant for the food, it is not a place I would come back to.Very relaxed environment, awesome vibes. Good hookah. Tea was alright. Didn't try the food but will next time! Looks great.Ariana was absolutely terrible! One of the worst experiences I've had. A friend of mine reserved the restaurant for his birthday (starting at 9:30 p.m.). They didn't clear out customers in time and the last people didn't leave until 11. A little awkward when clearly there are 50 other people there for a private party. 
Ambiance: we had an ipod of playlists set for the event but they kept changing it to Afghani and Middle-Eastern Music videos...
Fodd: I can forgive all the other stuff IF the food ended up being good because that's really all that matters at the end. Sadly, it makes me never want to try Afghan food again. There was a rice/Palow plate paired with a plain spinach dish (Chalow Sabzi ) but the rice was WAY too sweet and the Spinach had no pepper or spice. My friend also ordered Lamb and Chicken which came in curry and were decent but also lacked flavor and appropriate spices. We had preordered to have enough as a buffet style or enough for each of us but they came out in small bowls and hardly filled anyone up. We had to keep asking for more servings! 
We had the restaurant reserved until 2 a.m. but they started ushering us to leave at 1. Do not accept a party to reserve a venue that late if you cannot hold good service until they have had time to finish celebrating and clear out. Especially when you are paid a fair amount of money upfront. 
Overall- not a great experience, especially for a friend's birthday. You may like this cuisine if you like sweet, plain Middle Eastern food.We recently had a party at Ariana.
Staff is really nice and accommodating, they gladly explain all the different food they have.
Very very good food, more meet would not hurt!Cute little place where you can linger over late lunch with a friend without being interrupted. Pleasant dining room, interesting food and friendly non-obtrusive service. I loved everything about it.This place is very authentic in terms of food and atmosphere.  I'm surprised at the 3.5 star rating it currently has on Yelp.  The lamb is amazing and just melts in your mouth.  I highly recommend everyone order #16 with lamb.  The rice that comes with that dish is amazing.Dinner started off great with a nice cozy atmosphere and some tasty sambosas but things went downhill quickly after that... I had the lamb corma which was bland and left much to be desired. Overall it was pretty disappointing.The premier Afghan restaurant in Philly, few places can give this joint a run for its money.We were in the area and looking for a place we could eat with two small kids.  Thought it would be a good cultural experience.
It took FOREVER for someone to notice that we were there and then to come and take our order.  It almost seemed like our waiter did not have a firm grasp on the English language.
The food was tasty, but the portions were SO small.  If my 1.5 year old can eat an entire entree, you know it's not enough food.  Also, the "lamb" was either beef, goat, or some other mystery meat - but def not lamb.  We eat a great deal of lamb and this was not it.  The pumpkin was very tasty and I'd recommend it if you eat here.
The firnee (afghani rice pudding) was gelatinous beyond normal and tasted like it had been in the 'fridge for way too long.  
Overall, the food was pretty good, but portions required us to eat another meal at home later and we are not particularly big eaters.This was my intro to Afghan food and it was a fabulous experience. I'm very adventurous and love Indian and have recently had a lot of homemade Pakistani food and this was comparable to that. It was a little spicier than I expected but was still absolutely delicious. The staff was so nice and the ambience was reflective of Afghani culture, which was cool. It wasn't the best food I've ever had but it was still pretty good and I am looking forward to returning.I just love tossing those forks and spoons to the side and being hands on when it comes to food. It's one less step I have to worry about and the closest thing I can come to when I feel like being barbaric. So whenever I get this feeling the first thing that usually comes to mind is mediterranean food. How much I love the culture, the food, the spices and it's diversity. 
Ariana's was the destination my girlfriend had decided upon for our party of 10 to go out and feast her celebratory birthday dinner away. We found easy parking with my impressive parallel parking skills and walked in on a cold friday night to a room jam packed with fellow grubbers. Our table wasn't ready so we were scooted to wait outside of the restaurant door and in the entrance of what looked to be the staircase leading up to the apartments upstairs. 20 minutes later we were escorted back in.
I'll fast forward our night a bit now. The decor is humble, cozy and warm. I wish I could say the same for our service. Trying to get the attention of our waiter for a cup of water was awful, imagine how it was trying to get anyones attention for a water refill. We sat there for 30 mins before anyone came to give up menu's. 15 minutes after that I finally got up and almost had to tackle down another waiter just to bring us wine glasses.... another 10 minutes later, tackle #2 for wine bottle opener. Looks like our nights gonna pretty much suck after that... and it did.
Dinner was mediocre. I've never had such bland tasting meditterranian food in my life until now. Tasted like they opened a can of stewed tomatos, mixed it with meat and called it a meal. It makes me sad to write such a horrible review but lets be honest, if anyone wantd my opinion when it comes to good middle eastern food, this isnt the place.If I could figure out how to give zero stars I would. Slow, mediocre food, how does this place have 4 stars. Wish we had tried the Indian place down the street.This review is strictly only about the hookah experience. I came here on a Saturday night around 11:30 it was pretty empty. I only wanted a hookah, and when I received the menu it was a bit surprising that they charge of charcoals. While the hookah itself is decently priced they charge for mixing, ice in the bowl, charcoals, and fruit heads. I ordered the lemon mint stayed for about an 90 minutes, and enjoyed the service. The server was attentive, kind, and welcoming. They do play a lot of afghani/ middle eastern music, however it is upbeat and enjoyable. I definitely will be back and trying the food.The other day we were on a mission for Afghani food but Kabul was closed. Dejected, we shuffled up the block only to stumble upon Ariana Restaurant. Providence was surely smiling down upon us, or so I thought.
Things started out well enough. We ordered an appetizer of eggplant with yogurt and meat sauce that was delicious to the point that I was greedily mopping up the last remnants of sauce from the dish with the complimentary bread.
But my dissatisfaction stems from the entree I was served. I had ordered the fish (salmon) kebab, and the fish I received was on the verge of turning. It wasn't spoiled, but it definitely smelled and tasted as though it was approaching the point of no return. That may be acceptable if you're preparing a meal at home for yourself, can't afford to throw out food, and have a strong flavored sauce to drench the fish in, but not at a restaurant.Holy crap yummy!!!! Such good Afghani food.
My BF and I live in Old City and we were wanting to check out our local scene. We saw Ariana just by walking by and we popped in to see if they had a table. 
We were sat right away and then someone came by and poured us some water.
We looked over the menu and decided on the lentil soup. The dumplings stuffed with pumpkin, and a lentil and cauliflower main dish.
Everything was delicous. The lentil soup was so good that I pretty much only let my BF have one bite.
And I loved the pumpkin dumplings.
This place is also a Hookah Lounge FYI, and I enjoyed the smell of the aroma while we ate.
The server was attentive and the prices were very reasonable.
Ill be back!I have to agree with the other user that the portions were smaller than I would have expected, however it seems as though it satisfies you. I came here with a few friends and took advantage of the buy one get one from the Entertainment Book. This helped me enjoy it a bit because otherwise, it would have been a little too pricey and I would have rather had Indian food.
Our dishes were accompanied with with a salad and a piece of bread. The Salad, a regular garden salad with Ranch sauce it seems. I ordered the Chicken Kabob, friends ordered the Chicken Corma and Lamb Corma. I can't comment on the other dishes, but my Kabob was just what it is, a Kabob. I have to say I've had better at a street fair. It was served with rice, and it initially looked like a lot, but I came to realize that the plate was very shallow and it was just a thin layer of rice. I'm Asian so my idea of rice means a bowl of rice, so I might be biased in that it was too little rice. 
I am unable to eat lamb because of it's flavor, but I did taste the sauce. Just another curry - I think I'll stick with Indian Curry. 
So with the entertainment book discount, I was able to walk away with a tab under $20. Had I paid full price, I would have felt unsatisfied not because the portions were small, but also because it wasn't as great as I hoped, nor was the service any more superior. Sodas are not free refills, they'll run $1.50 and you'll probably have about 6 oz of soda and the rest ice.Have been here twice.  I have friends that love the place but I am honestly underwhelmed.  We ordered the Sambosa appetizer ($4.50), which as it sounds, is just like a samosa.  We got 4 small samosas that were flaky on the outside but had almost no filling.  It did come with a delicious cilantro sauce.  I ordered the Lamb Kabob entree ($16.50).  The lamb was nicely charred but overdone.  Came with lots of onions but only a small amount of peppers and tomatoes.  The basmati rice is good and you get heaps of it.  But that's all you get heaps of.  My girlfriend got the vegetarian Chalow Gulpea ($13.00), cauliflower in a tomato sauce, but she thought the sauce was rather bland.  Overall the food is not awful, but I also find it to be way overpriced for what it is.  (Old City style.)  Personally I would not return.Looking to experience the tastes of delicious Afghan cuisine? Ariana's is the place to go! 
Located at 2nd and Chestnut in Philadelphia's Old City section, the restaurant is a cozy, family-run business with delicious dishes and a comfortable appeal. Whether it's Sambosa, Lamb Kabob, Baklava, or any of their other tasty options, they've got you covered. The food is cooked with care and prepared by a chef with dedication and passion to the taste and presentation of each dish. The service is wonderful and pretty on point, with friendly greetings and attentive service from the moment you walk in to the time that you leave. not hungry? Stop in for some hookah and relax in the intimate and lovely atmosphere, and experience a slice of Afghan culture in Center City Philadelphia!When we walked in, there were only 3 people in the restaurant.  But the reviews seemed to be relatively positive, so my family and I stayed.
Although I've never had Afghani food, I found it to be VERY similar to Persian food.  We ordered the chicken and beef kofta kabobs and the kabuli and norange palow.  Both kabobs were very good.  But we decided that the chicken kabob was more flavorful than the beef.  The beef was good, but the chicken was well spiced and very tasty.
Both palows we had were lamb.  They were both very good, but the norange came with orange strips soaked in rosewater and seasoned with saffron.  It was wonderful.
Although all our meals were $16 (plus tax and tip), my finicky son really enjoyed his meal.  I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and would certainly come back. 
Is it as good as some Persian food I've had?  It's close.  But if you are looking for something a little different, I would recommend you check this place out.After hitting an Obama rally in Vernon Park, where we didn't see anything but fast food, my sister and I wandered Old City to find some good eats.  We saw a lot of bar restaurants or rather expensive options.  Ariana was the first place we saw that had somewhat healthy food and reasonable prices.
We started with the Afghan iced tea - which was exactly what we were looking for: unsweetened but flavored with cardamom and lemon.  We ordered the eggplant, yogurt and tomato meat sauce side dish.  We loved it so much, we ordered a second serving.
For entree, we both ordered a kabob: me the lamb and she the fish for only $7.95 (lunch prices, but ridiculously cheap for a tourist area on a weekend in the city!). The fish was salmon and it was grilled perfectly: soft in the center, cooked on the edges.  It had a delicious spiced sauce.  My lamb was also grilled perfectly - still pink in the middle - with a mildly spicy sauce.  And the meal came with a decently-sized portion of salad.
The front window of the restaurant has a traditional table setting with low tables and pillows and is made for a group of about 6 people.  So if you're bringing a group or family here, ask for that table for a more authentic experience.My first time at an Afghan restaurant, and I was quite pleased. The atmosphere was really cozy, and we were seated as soon as we walked in. Wasn't busy at all when we got there, but picked up a bit as we ate. The food was good, and I really liked the samosas we got as starters. My dining partner got sweet doogh as well, which was excellent! The Afghan iced tea was good too, the cardamom wasn't too strong at all. So overall, I'd definitely go again.Very, very, Yummy. Feels very homey, and homemade. Reasonably priced and delish- a great combo!  BYO = bonus  
I wish it were wheelchair accessible. 3 steps at the entranceI'd long wanted to visit one of the Afghani restararaunts near Chestnut and 2nd, and Arian's 20% discount for Ritz moviegoers made the choice between them simple. I ordered the chalaw kadu, sauteed pumpkin with yogurt sauce and a bit of spice, served with basmati rice. The pumpkin was quite good, and had a sort of comfort food vibe. I ate the leftovers the next day with a calypso hot sauce, and it was even better.
I also had an order of bulanee gandana, a "turnover" filled with scallions and spices, served with a homemade yogurt dipping sauce. The outside of the fritter was my favorite part - surprisingly light and crispy, though it broke apart easily and had trouble containing the fried scallions.
Overall our meal was quite nice, and I'm glad that I was able to try something new, but the menu is perhaps a bit pricey (especially for vegetarians) when you take into account the ingredients and smaller serving sizes.Ariana's store front dining room may be long and narrow, but there is still plenty of room for a small intimate party with 40 friends, belly dancing, and all around carousing with interesting cuisine and effective service. 
As with many such get togethers, the food takes a backseat to the festivities, but it refuses to be completely overlooked.  Our limited Prix fixe menu was part of the standard faire and was quite good across the board.  We all shared Aashak (dumplings) and Sambosa (Samosa), which while distinctly unique from what I was familiar with from a Chinese and Indian kitchen, were still quite good. Too, my Badendan Chalow (Chicken & Eggplant Curry) was tasty and the sauce worthy of all the excellent rice used to absorb every drop.  
The entertainment was top notch and most of us got up to attempt to move our body parts in unison with our exotic dancer.  Impossible, but oh, so much fun. 
I would def return to explore the menu of this house down at the bottom of Chestnut Street.In the tourist and frat filled old city lies this quaint space full of spice and culture. Every dish has such a unique flavour.The food at Ariana was good, but in comparison to some other Afghani places I've been to, it fell a bit flat. The menu seems big, but all the dishes are actually very similar, with just slight tweaks between them. My boyfriend and I split the lamb kabob, which was tasty but only came with a side of steamed brown basmati rice -- other places I've been to have offered more flavorful, uniquely prepared rice on the side. We also did the Dal Chalow (chicken with lentils) and the side of pumpkin... both were good. My boyfriend had the Aashak and said the sauce was too rich and overpowered the flavors of the dumplings. Overall, the food was good, but nothing was exciting or unique enough for me to want to return.Today I want this restaurant to have dinner with my family. A $17 entree looked like an appetizer for a kid very disappointed extremely small portions.. I will not recommend this place don't waste your time or moneyThis is truly an Old City gem. I have been going to this restaurant for the last 6+ years and not once has it disappointed me. This is a family run business that truly makes you feel at home. (p.s they personally deliver) for those days you just don't want to leave your house but need a "home cooked" meal without the actual work! 
I am serious fan of their lentil soup "Aash-e-Dal", they have a vegetarian option as well that is just as delicious! My usual order is the chicken kabob with basmati rice and a large salad, heavy on their home-made dressing which is out of this world. 
I finish all my meals with their homemade Dough, it is a yogurt drink, that can be made sweet or salty. I not only come back because I have become dependent on their food but because the owners make it so welcoming and embrace you as you have always known each. It is a great lively atmosphere that won't disappoint.Open late, quick and friendly service, and food was amazing (tried the chicken corma and aashak). They gave us a taste of their homemade ice cream which was also great. I've been here twice and would highly recommend if you're in the area!Great authentic hookah spot. Great prices $18-20 per hookah, not per person. The turkish coffee is amazing as well. I can not wait to try the food next time.