I've only gotten things croissant related here and I have loved it every time.  The bacon egg and cheese on a croissant is my go to and a guilty pleasure because I'm sure it's as fatty as it is delicious.  The sausage egg and cheese is equally delicious since they make their sausage.  The variety of croissants can please any cravings you have.  I have gotten pistachio (a must), the almond, apple, cherry, chocolate, plain, .... you get the idea.  Depending on what you like super sweet stuff vs more savory, stick to that and you'll be super happy.  Even their plain ones are heavenly.  OH and the almond bar!! So good with tea!  I make excuses to make a stop here when I'm around south philly. There is very limited parking around this area so it's nice if you can walk to it or have someone else driving while you run in and grab as many croissants as you can!I have relatives who are from the French speaking areas of Belgium. I've also visited them regularly and have visited France a couple times. In fact, I'm salivating right now just thinking of all the great food that I've had over there! In short, I've been searching for a place in Philadelphia that can successfully remind me of a solid French patisserie. This place comes pretty close. I had their croissant and it tasted like how croissants are usually made in Europe.  Many American places have tasty croissants, but they don't remind me of Europe if this makes any sense. Anyway, this place definitely reminds me of Europe!  I will be back often I'm sure!! They also serve banh mi sandwiches. Let me tell you, the way they make this sandwich is pretty well done. I had their vegetarian banh mi. Whoa!!  Best vegetarian banh mi in town!!!!  The spices they use stays true to southeast Asian flavors.  As a Vietnamese American, I pay attention to these things. And having a traditional French baguette for the banh mi is an added bonus!  A typical banh mi shop usually cuts corners in making their baguettes. This place does not. With great flavors and a great superior baguette, you can't go wrong!!!!I'd give it 3  1/2 but it's not an option here. Everything is fine. Baked goods and coffee and baguette, all good, but certainly not outstanding. There's zero ambiance in the place: generic tile floor, marble tables with generic chairs, white (i.e. generic) painted walls and swap meet "art."  And to compare their baguettes with anything across the Atlantic is almost nutty. They're good, but more like Italian bread than anything Parisian or from France in general.Formidable! Absolument délicieux. Essayez  ces bannettes, ces croissants et son "almond stick".  Mais toutes ces patisseries et ces pains son vraiment excellent et bon marchéI love everything about this place. The bread, bahn mi and chocolate croissants are among my favorites but it's all delicious!the bacon egg and cheese croissant was hands down the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had!Almond croissant.  Banh mi.  Baguettes.  Iced Coffee.  Breakfast croissant sammiches.  ALL amazing, wonderfully priced, and did I mention amazing?  Cause they're amazing.  
Cash only, don't forget to tip these folks!I can see why this place was voted best in Philly. The outside may not be your typical bakery storefront, but the desserts inside are amazing! I was craving something sweet and stepped into this place in the late afternoon. Most of the desserts and breads were sold out, but I was lucky enough to pick up an almond croissant. The store is CASH ONLY so beware! Anyways, the almond croissant ($3.50) was so good! It was definitely worth the price considering how big it was. I was able to share it with my sister and the custard inside wasn't too sweet. It was so good I almost wanted to get another one. The dough was baked to perfection and I wish I could have dined here earlier in the day to grab more goodies.
I'll definitely be back here if I am ever back in Philly. Only downside to this place is the cash only and the fact that parking can be a beez.Yay!  Artisan Boulanger is back!  Although I'm a bit sad that their move has added a few extra blocks to my journey when I need a croissant fix, I'm very glad they have stayed in the East Passyunk area.  I like that the new spot has a lot more seating, including outdoor seating.  And I like the extra door in the back, which makes it easier for people to get in and out.
For those of you who are not familar, Artisan Boulanger Patissier is a local French bakery that makes some of the most banging pastries.  In the words of my slightly hoity toity boss (when I brought croissants for the office one day), "wow, these are real croissants".  Damn right they are.  Damn right.Don't believe the 1 in 20 reviews that say these aren't the best croissants ever. About 1 in 20 people also love the Olive Garden. I lump the two groups of people together because the croissants are so good that I'm writing this "Yelp!" Review at 7:08 am on a Sunday morning, impatiently waiting to go get some croissants when they open at 8. I've been thinking about these things since I got up this morning because it's quite possible I was dreaming about them last night.Amazing pastries, inconsistent customer service. 
They serve some of the best pastries I have ever had.
The store hours are not consistent. They do not have a website or any social media presence. It is also a little disconcerting when no one is there to great you and and take your order. The people working there have been friendly, just not professional.I love everything about this place. All the pastries are really good. Their croissant breakfast sandwiches are the best - Bacon or sausage with fried eggs. 
You have to pack your patience because the service can be slow sometimeSo happy to see they reopened I was so upset when I went to there old place and it was closed by far the best chocolate almond croissant I have ever had.  It is like a little bit of heaven.I've decided this year would be less frivolous spending and more healthier eating. This meant less visits to one of my day off/weekend spots. I wouldn't talk this place up like a little boutique but rather a small, local gem that also has the absolute best croissants I've ever had. 
Limited seating (outdoor,  weather permitting)
Cash only.
Counter culture coffee (good luck getting a sleeve)
Recently, they no longer allow pets in their shop due to health inspection.
Can quickly become crowded and sometimes sell out of some pastries/bread
My favorites: Sausage, egg, cheese croissant (they are not on a warmer and are only hot if you get them as soon as they are made), almond croissant, hazelnut, cherry. I've only purchased their baguettes. I really haven't had anything I haven't liked from here. Even their banh mi is good.Wonderful croissants!!! We especially enjoyed the pistachio and the hazelnut. No need to visit Paris if you come hereMy friends, family, and I don't call this Artisan. We actually call it Heavenly Bakery because the pastries and bread must come straight from the Lord. This bakery has the best chocolate almond (and other) croissants and baguettes I've ever had outside of France. The texture and flavor are absolutely perfect. The proprietors are friendly and hardworking and they were recently semi-finalists for a James Beard award. Wow! I never visit Philly without a trip to Artisan Boulangerie and I would suggest that you never visit Philly without a visit either.I was dying to try this bakery after reading and hearing so many wonderful reviews through friends and the internet. I craved something satisfying after coming back from Paris last year, and I had high hopes for this place. I purchased a large baguette, a croissant, a chocolate/almond croissant and a pistachio pastry. The baguette was quite large in width, perfectly crisp on the outside, while chewy and air-like on the inside. The pistachio filling was not too sweet, and this may have been my favorite of the four items. The chocolate/almond was a bit on the heavy side, but I enjoyed the flavors. However, my biggest disappointment was the croissant. The croissant was under baked, under proved, and there were zero air pockets, but I was met with a doughy interior. I am not sure if this was just a minor mishap on the baker's end, but the bake was terrible. I may come back to try other things in the future, but I will pass on the croissants for now.Don't know why people are raving about this place. It's just OK. Order the banh mi pork belly. Pork belly was flavorful but the banh mi was missing something. Needs a sour component like a picked carrots to cut through the fat of the pork belly. They just put shredded plan carrots. Croissants were OK. Place looks old and outdated. This place needs alittle help. Both just lacking that little something to make them great. Overall just good.Sometimes they're open, sometimes they're not. Good bread, but a little overpriced. Tasty pasty, but not very pretty.Amazing!!!! Everything was delicious (blueberry croissant, breakfast sausage croissant, pork belly bahn mi). Do your taste buds a favor and go check out this awesome bakery.I have been on a mission to find the best pastry in Philly, but this isn't it. I tried four different items here, the pistachio croissant, raspberry cheese, chausson aux pommes, and a frosted morning bun/roll. Out of all of them, the chausson aux pommes (leaf shaped apple turnover) was the best of the lot with a flaky, light crust, although there was too much gelatinous filling around the apples for my taste. However, the pastry dough on the three others were tough, hard, and cardboard-y, and I couldn't take more than a few bites before tossing them. Yes, I have high standards when it comes to patisseries, but I can't understand recommending this place.This place is absolutely fantastic. The croissant is just amazingly delicious. I really like the ones with cheese, mushroom, and spinach.Excellent bakery, hands down the best in the neighborhood. Get here early on wknds, they sell out. Tofu bahn-mi is one of the best in the city second to only Fuh-wah or Kung Fu. Wish they labeled what pastries are what, or had a board with what the have in stock as the day wears on. I feel dumb having to ask for everyone and it's not easy to discern chocolate from mocha, strawberry from cherry, almond from hazelnut etc with no signage.There needs to be another scoring system for places of this caliber.  I'd give them 10 stars! This is what  a croissant should be- flaky on the outside and tender on the inside.  I left Philly in 2011 yet  this place lingers in my mind to only create disappoint when I search for equivalents in the DC/Baltimore area.  I stopped in at their new location last weekend while visiting friends. We tried the spinach/mushroom, cherry cheese, and almond. My favorite always has been  the almond croissant. Both my friends said the almond was the most delicious and one said that it was the equivalent of patisserie in Paris. Do you know how lucky you are to have this place if you live in Philly? Go there now!Best Banh Mi in Philly, hands down. I have nothing else to say. If you enjoy tofu Banh Mi and haven't been there yet, you're missing out. Their other pastries are also wonderful, go there now!I've been here a few times. Although parking is a struggle, I find the pastries to be pretty good. 
However, one person there is a bit unpleasant. Every single time I've been there I noticed that she's rude to me but not her "customers"...whatever that means (I assume she doesn't want any more "customers" or regulars.) For that reason alone, I will no longer return and won't recommend them to my friends and family, which is a shame because their pastries are great. With that said, there are many other bakeries in Philadelphia.I think my expectations were too high based on the yelp reviews but I found this place to be ok.  The croissant and beignets were good but not something worth driving 20 minutes from the city to get.  The almond croissant were my favorite here but it was just good.  I'm not sure I would go out of my way to come back here.Small little bakery that hides some delicious, fresh croissants. Would highly recommend their blueberry pastries, almond croissants, and hazelnut croissants! (Their plain ones are good too, though might as well splurge and get a fancy one). 
Cash-only!The best pastry in the world is their Choclate/Almond/ Croissant.  You can taste the real butter and not in a greasy way but in a delicious way.  It was perfect and I have thought about it way too much.
Stay away...it is that good.Don't be fooled by the location or the simple look of the place.
It really has some of the best bread and pastry in the city and their banh mi is awesome too.
I had the almond croissant and a few plain ones to bring home.  So good.  perfect flakey texture and color and so buttery.  The french bread was amazing.  It almost didn't make it home.  And the Tofu and Pork Belly Banh mi were fantastic.  I like a little more to the pickled vegetable on the sandwich but the protein was flavorful and the bread is amazing.
This is clearly a local spot where every other person that walked in was greeted by name.  I wish I lived closer because I would become a regular!  The owners were super friendly and welcoming and ready to accommodate a vegan too.This place recently opened in the EPass neighborhood. I believe it may have moved due to skyrocketing rent along the actual Passyunk drag - but it didn't move far! 
I stopped in with a friend for a quick Sunday morning brunch. He got a sausage, egg, cheese croissant and I got the raspberry and sweet cheese croissant - two very different types of meals. Both were tasty and left us satisfied, though weren't very "filling". At the same time, I could only imagine how many calories were in my pastry, so I had to stop at one! 
The pickings here are very slim if you're not a fan of pastries. 90% of the options are sweet, and there seems to be just a couple types of regular bread available. No muffins, bagels, cookies, or other "bakery" type of items! Just be warned that you're probably going to eat a lot of butter on your visit here - though tasty butter it is! 
This place is definitely going with the French motif. There's a big map of Paris on the back wall and an obligatory black/white photo of the Eiffel Tower on the side. It's well done, and seems to be doing plenty of business so far.This place is amazing.   Pistachio crossaint and Vietnamese iced coffee?   Sign me up.  It's cash only, so be prepared!  
Someone came in right after we ordered, and bought up all the croissants he could lol.   Dude walked out with like 24 croissants so we knew we made the right choice coming here.  
seating was a little limited.  Especially outside. I really hope these guys expand a little bit and maybe offer WiFi.  Could be a great spot.I LOVE THIS PLACE! My only complaint is that they ALWAYS run out of stuff.... Even if I get there at like 12! Maybe that's late in bakery time... Get there early if ya want the goods!Aside from the fact that they are super nice the bread, danish and coffee are excellent.Amazing croissants! It's buttery, flaky, and pairs perfectly well with a hot cup of coffee. 
My only complaint is that I wish they would label their pastries. Some of them are not as obvious as they look. For instance, I wanted what it appeared to be a chocolate croissant, but they told me that it's "chocolate hazelnut." Whatever, it's still delicious.Best tofu bahn mi! The croissants are heavenly. My favorites are the almond, hazelnut, and chocolate/almond combo. This is an unpretentious place with the best sandwiches and croissants! Highly recommend!I'm basing this review after trying their bacon egg and cheese croissant as well as the chocolate almond/almond croissants.  Wow. Unbelievably delicious.  My girlfriend and I usually make the trip to New Hope PA to the french bakery Cest La Vie in New Hope for their croissants. We thought they had the best until now.  Go here and try them all.  Staff very friendly too.This is what croissants should be. I arrived rather late the first time I went and the man behind the counter apologized that they didn't have a full selection (there were at least 12 flavors there that I could see so I think I might be overwhelmed by the full selection!)  I probably won't get to try too many anyway because the spinach, mushroom, and ricotta flavor was so amazing that unless they are out of them, I probably won't buy another kind. I did get to taste the mocha also, which was quite good. What a treat! I wish we had a place like this where I live.The BEST croissants in the world is in Philly! Loved the almond croissant! I'll definitely be back next time for more!Memorial services are always sad especially when you loose someone close to you. Artisan Boulanger's pastries of every sort were served as respite for those that attended. In it's own special way, they softened the edges of a rough day.A lot of their goods get sold out right around 2 o'clock the last time I check. No chocolate croissant, no hazelnut, no baguette, no nothing... Ok so there were a few items left like the apricot croissant and the cinnamon raisin buns, but they weren't fit for my taste. The remaining mega size baguette that I got that day just seems very stale and not at all as fresh. Not at all satisfied. 
Good coffee though.I've been meaning to write this review for agesss- better late than never! 
I came here to get a box of pastries for my mom for Mother's Day. Amanda, the woman who works here, is just so wonderful!!! She's  sweet, personable and gave me great suggestions for my mom and myself. They were SO GOOD!! My favorites were the raspberry cheese croissant, chocolate almond croissant and almond sticks! holy crap, YUMMMM! (My family loved the pastries too!)
Just try this place!! You won't regret it! :DThis little unassuming corner bakery makes some crazy good almond croissants. Like top of the top of the line. I wanted to turn around and go back for more (and they weren't even the reason I went in the first place).
The reason I ventured to Artisan Bolanger was for the Banh Mi (vietnamese hoagie) ­ which did not disappoint. I got the pork belly variety ­ they also offer veggies­only version, I believe. It was a very good sandwich ­- great mini baguette with melt­in­your­mouth pork and veggies with the perfect crunch. My only complaint is that the cilantro stems were left, which may be traditional or whatever, but it sets you up for that awkward bite where you pull the whole cilantro plant out of the roll.
Don't let that stop you, just take dinosaur bites; but definately go and get those two items.This place is one of these little treasures in the city.  You must go, and go early in the day, to have a sublime pastry experience. I have never had better.French-trained baker and pastry chef just off Passyunk Ave with my favorite baguettes, croissants, and arguably the best tofu banh mi in Philadelphia. The other day I had banh mi, a coffee, and left with a baguette for $9. What more could you want?I am a croissant fanatic.  This was my main reason for going here.  The inside was super buttery amazingness, as a good croissant should be.  The outside was a bit too crispy on top and the bottom was black burnt.  It was so hard to enjoy the rest of the taste because the burnt flavor prevailed.  I will certainly go back and try them again.  Hopefully a non-burnt one will let the flavors shine through.
I also find it slightly disappointing that I have been to this store twice and the first time they had nothing at all left for the day.  It was a weekday around noon and there were no baked goods at all in the store.  This most recent trip it was a Sat afternoon and they had 6 croissants left to sell.  I understand that a good bakery sells out, but usually there is SOMEthing left to buy.  Not here.  I understand them not wanting to over bake and have waste, but this is kind of crazy.I came here for their version of cronuts but was told to return around 1pm.  Instead I treated myself to a pistachio croissant and iced coffee.  The fanciest croissant i had before this was just chocolate.  I highly recommend their pastries.  I am looking forward to trying out the other flavors.  Hopefully, i'll be able to finally try out their cronutBasically, they have baguettes and croissants.  There may be a pastry or two.  Not impressed with selection.  Lots of beverages to choose from.I will be dreaming of their cherry croissants after I leave Philly.  The store isn't all that fancy and it's cash only, but their fresh croissants make up for any and everything!  We were staying with hosts through Airbnb, and they got us the croissants Saturday morning - apparently there is a line when hey first open, at least on weekends.  I then fell so in love, I had to walk there myself on Sunday.  They only had one cherry croissant left (it was around 11 AM), so it's definitely worth getting up early for.  I had the following over the course of the weekend: chocolate, cherry, chocolate almond, blackberry (possibly blueberry, I wasn't really sure), and a spinach/mushroom.  All the sweet ones were to die for.  I'm not even a fruit lover, but I couldn't get enough of their fruit filled croissants (probably from all the caramelized butter and sugar oozing together), and the chocolate ones were just as good.  I only had a bite of the spinach one, and it was good, too, but I was really in it for the sweets :-). These really are special croissants, different from just about anywhere else - the owner is French, and his authenticity shows through his cooking/baking!Their croissants are out of this world!! Of course the first time I try it is the day before the owners leave for a two month vacation! I'm having an intense craving right now and they will not be back until March. What is a girl to do!?!? I seriously cannot believe I took this long to come here and I'm glad that I finally did. It is seriously that good. It's like buttery deliciousness. I also ordered a tofu banh mi and which also pretty amazing. 
March can't come soon enough...Outstanding! Exceeded my expectations and certainly lives up to all the positive reviews. Will be back to try more goodies and banh mi too as their baguette look amazing.This place is amazing! Delicious bakery and premium beverages with coffee and espresso. The staff is friendly. My only regret is that it is not open longer.Delicious bread!  Delicious croissants that are absolutely unbelievable (you will never want a croissant from another place ever again)!!  Delicious pastries!!!  Delicious bahn mi sandwiches!!!  Delicious coffee!!!  The owners are so nice!!!!  I love this place!!!  I also love exclamation points!!!!  And the word Delicious!!!!The croissants are to die for. Flaky, crispy and soft butter croissants. I have tried all of the pastry and they are amazing. Also the hazelnut and raspberry croissants are my favorites. Fyi, thw owner speaks french fluently.Delicious!  so happy this place moved into out neighbourhood. I like to pick up special treats for meetings at work and everyone loves everything!Can't decide which is better...because they're both great!!! the plain savory croissant or the cheese filled.  Different than a classic French croissant , these are more dense, more of a chewy bite, more moist.  Overall really good and very friendly folks in thereI cannot express how thrilled I am that this place has moved closer to my house. While I usually go just for the bread (which I think is the best in the city), I have also had a few of their pastries which are equally delicious. If you're unsure of what to get, ask! The staff are super friendly and knowledgeable.PROS: All the croissants and bread were ON POINT.  Great chew and crumb to the baguette, although I've never been to France.  Croissants are some of the best I've ever had.  
CONS: The pork belly banh mi was basically all fat.  Maybe I just got a bad cut but it was near inedible.  The carrots and daikon on it weren't pickled, so it was missing that tang.  The soft drinks are about a dollar too much for a place with two tables. 
This is a grab and go croissant and bread spot.  Popular with locals so sometimes croissant varieties sell out if you're not there early.  For all of the shortcomings, the croissants and bread make it worth it.I think every croissant that's made here is great! Wish they would label them. Arriving 8:30 on a Sat. morning there was a huge asst. and they all looked amazing. KInd of a pain to have to ask what kind is that? Next time I'll just point and choose. Figure I can't go wrong. So far the pistachio, cherry cheese and hazelnut have not let me down.Buttery, flaky & crispy on the out side.Fillings ooze out on the tray.
The baguette was very good also;not the best though. The croissant egg sammies look good and I hear they have banh mi.Next time.Had a plain croissant here and OH-MY~ super buttery and flaky it has to be the best I've had in Philly! Bought 2 pork belly banh mi to go as well. Bread roll was superb and the filling flavoursome, an all-round fantastic hoagie... BUT(!) it unfortunately missed one star from being an awesome banh mi. It was missing the contrasting acidity of pickles and there was no cilantro (GASP!) So expect for great bread, pastries and hoagies, not "banh mi" sorry. And get there early I visited on 10am Tue and the pastry cabinet was already 80% empty.I just had one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten in my life & it only cost $4.50!!! The tofu bahn mi is out of this world! The bread is crispy & chewy in the best ways, the curry sauce was spicy but flavorful, carrots fresh & crisp, tofu pan seared & piping hot... Peeerrrffffeeeccctttiiiooonnnn!!!!
Gave 4 out of 5 stars because the service/atmosphere isn't the greatest but with sandwiches like this I can deal with it no problem! 
Yummmmm!!!!André and Amanda are the best at what they do in the city, and maybe on the whole East Coast. There aren't enough superlatives to accurately sum up the breadth and depth of their skill. From the consistently flawless espresso, pastries and fresh bread to the exquisite desserts and new additions of sushi, paninis and banh mi, there's nothing that they do that isn't soul-affirmingly good. 
Go early, go often, tip accordingly.Stopped in again today.  I have given up eating croissants any place else since I am always left disappointed.  I always get the choc almond.  We also tried the mocha croissant that was also delish.After all of the hype, and living in South Philly, I had to check this place out. The croissant was pretty excellent, buttery, flaky and generally perfect. However, this is not the only place in Philly I've had an excellent croissant, so I was hoping the baguette would also live up to the hype. Well, this is where it fell short. I've had baguettes that are equivalent to this at Fresh Grocer (seriously). There are much better baguettes in the city, at most of the independent bakers. Or, maybe I went on an off day and you'll have better luck.Stop by and thought they were closed but I wanted something sweet and they were open. The almond crussant was like something I would ask for right before I was going to the electric chair. I think I heard angels sing! Ahhhhhh!!!My favorite bakery in the city, I found you again!!!!! Ok, little story, I went to Artisan Boulanger patissier a couple of time in the past months before they moved. But one morning, while I was going to get my fix of French croissant... Sadness took me over... the store was closed... and no sign as to where they moved... I checked on yelp for a sign, something telling me they were not really gone forever... but nothing... So I started to get over it when out of nowhere, I was looking for a café place nearby my house on yelp and come up "Artisan Boulanger patissier" on my "nearby' café place! It took me literally 3 second to get ready and jump on my car to go check it out! And here they were, now located on 12 and Mifflin! I was SO happy!  So enough for the story, now time for the food... I got in and I just wanted to buy everything... but I had to settle for only a couple of choices... I took the pistachio croissant.. Just amazing, the croissant is very crispy and the pistachio taste was not overwhelming the croissant taste. I also got the sandwich ($4 for this BIG sandwich!? So cheap and so good!). I can't remember the name but it was just delicious! Pork pate, pork shoulder, carrots and a bunch of other things that made it very good! Finally I took a baguette and an orangina. I would lie if I was to say it's the best bread I ever had in my life (yeah I am French, I got to try plenty of amazing bread) but given we're in the US, I was pretty satisfied with what I got! Nice staff , very eager to help you decide what to order:) LOVE this place, LOVE IT!The chocolate almond croissant will change your life. It's so flakey, buttery and perfectly sweet. There is a wide assortment of pastries and fresh bread. I love dessert and this is my favorite bakery in Philly.This is the real deal - the countless number of rave reviews here are here for a reason!  Try it - you will not be disappointed!What can I say about this little slice of France here in South Philly!!?? Just one word comes to mind..AWESOME!! 
The owners are the sweetest people, and the quaint atmosphere is both welcoming and relaxing!! This place will open your senses, and take you away to the Champs-Élysées!!The absolutely best bakery I have ever been to.  Everything is fresh and incredible.  Their pastries/turnovers come in a variety of flavors, each equally as delicious and perfectly flaky (although my personal favorites are the pistachio and the hazelnut).  I love their almond sticks as well.  Their croissants and breakfast sandwiches are also excellent and go well with some iced Vietnamese coffee.  CASH ONLY.  also parking is difficult. still look forward to coming here every time I'm in Philly.Croissant heaven. I had the cheese croissant and the almond croissant. Best almond croissant i have ever had. They sell out fast, so be early! They close once they sell out. Please get a Vietnamese iced coffee with your croissant.Really tasty items here and fresh. Try them out once to be hooked and enjoy the professionalism they show.Awe-somme!
This is it, years ago I saw a sign and permit on their old location...I thought I missed out. But fortune had it that I found it was still in the area, just moved a few blocks...I wasn't even searching for there kind of service. 2 visits so far and total score....nice coffee(assuming french roast) but its a full flavor without tasting scorched(IMHO) like Starbucks, the other choices have been lacking to my taste buds, the coffees tasted raw or woodsy, I was ready to give up on the area...stocked with grounds and k cups at my desk. Croissants, oh yeah...I love Miel Patisserie in Center City but don't pass by there anymore in my commute and this place is great or even better in some respects... now I hear they sell breakfast croissant sandwiches !?! Finally a reason to wake up earlier in the morning.AMAZING.
When I'm looking for a great croissant, I drive all the way from West Philly to here because it's worth it. 
They have not just plain croissants, but also other varieties such as cherry, pistachio, apple, almond, etc, and they are all DELICIOUS.
Price is good, quality is excellent. How can you go wrong?This is one of my favorite bakery place in south Philly. They have all sorts of french pastry and also their famous bahmi!!! The trick is you will need to go there early during the day because they sold out their pastry FAST!!! We just moved to this neighborhood and will definitely check more often now!! Very excited!!I absolutely adore this place!!!!  It serves a really good pork belly Banh mi or if you're a vegetarian then a curry tofu Banh mi, you can't go wrong with either or. But my favorite is the breakfast croissant, they are amazing! But they sell out pretty quickly! It's a staple amongst the community.Just grabbed a trad banh mi and coffee for lunch... mind blown.  Quality ingredients and huge for 4 bucks!  My friend got the ham croissant and finished it in 2 minutes. The owners are sweet and engaging.  I may have found my new coffee spot!
I'm holding out on the last star because I want to try everything else on the menu, which they're building out to include an evening byob with sushi.
Whatever the case, go get some!Great coffee, and great banh mi.  I got the Traditional Banh Mi and the bread was freshly baked, and all ingredients fresh and delicious.  Owners very friendly and helpful.  Great hidden gem...strongly recommend.Artisan Boulanger Patissier recently moved from smaller digs up the street. It's new location--easy to find with the Grand Opening sign on the front--is a little farther away from me, but well worth the extra walk. Rightly heaped with praise, this place makes delectable French baked goods. Try a croissant and you won't be disappointed, if the hazelnut and chocolate one I had today was any indication. The baguette is also excellent, with a crackly crust and toothsome crumb. Total cost? $5.75!! GO NOW.Not sure how they do it, but the pastries and coffee just keep getting better. Every bite and sip transports me back to Paris. A true indulgence - in what surely had to be the best pastries in this city, run by Vietnamese immigrants with a flair for French baking. I love this cities diversity and what it means in terms of culture.Didn't know it switched location recently! Now it's at the corner of iseminger St and Mifflin St. Wanted a pistachio croissant but all croissants were sold out by the time it was my turn. I didn't want to wait for the new batch so I bought the almond sticks ($3) instead. The price was a bit pricier than expected, seeing that it is not located in Center City, but I guess given the quality it's not too bad. 
Cash Only.I've been coming here ever since one of my good friends moved into the neighborhood and introduced me to it. It is FANTASTIC. I love their croissants, baguettes, rolls, etc.  The bread is always baked perfectly, the pastries are just super dooper well made, and their teas and coffees are pretty darn good too. I recently went here and had a fantastic Thai Iced Tea. I'll never go anywhere else for good cheese breads and yummy morning time treats!While sitting at my desk and computer, I hear these strange and muffled, yet enticing moans coming from the family room, I get up, walk into the kitchen and ask the hubs if he is okay. "Oh God, yes, he exclaims", as I then say, what are you doing? He said "I'm watching TV and now talking to you".  
I start putzing in the kitchen and decide to start my potato salad... Hubs then says, "so rich, sweet tasting, decadent, I could enjoy you everyday of my life". Michael! Who are you talking to? Hubs again answers, "I'm talking to you." Aha, that is so sweet, I feel the same way and I love you too.
 "You know that I have traveled the whole world and you are the best that I have ever encountered, I've had the very best that France had to offer and nothing even comes close in comparison."  You had WHAT in France?  "Oh and you're so flaky,  you're like buttered layers of the flakiest..." I said, excuse me!? At this point my chopping skills made any Iron Chef look like an amateur!
Hubs then walks into the kitchen and says, " the pastries, they were as good or better than anything I have ever had in France!" Hello, I need some moaning action here, did you save me any? He said " Yes, I saved you one of the cinnamon, raisin croissants that I know you love, plus we still have the breads that we bought for sandwiches, oh good you're making potato salad to go with them!" 
Argh and the whole time I thought he was talking to me, should have known better when he said I was flaky, wait was that about me or the pastries?goodness, i'm one lucky gal.  i live in a great neighborhood and i have this delicious bakery 2 blocks from my house.  it's hard to resist sometimes... the croissants are so yummy.  i go for the bread.  can i recommend the mulitgrain or the brioche?  they are both fantastic.  i sometimes roll out of bed early on the weekends to secure a multigrain.  it's just that good.  they recently expanded and now serve coffee and some sandwiches too. support this locally owned business.  nuff said.Gorgeous baguettes! Great bite to them, like air inside. And at a price that can't be beat! The croissants are like butter. Like? They are butter! Or at least a delicious amount of it. Nice flake, melt in your mouth. *sigh*The little unassuming shop doesn't tell of the treasures inside.  Their bread is amazing, the pastries the best since those I've had in France, and the french press coffee is delicious!  Living only a few blocks away, I have the treat of heading there almost every weekend and I have to say  I am in LOVE with the banana nutella croissant!  Beyond the food, Amanda and Andre are delightful and if I could give them more than five stars I would.I am, right now, despite be stuffed from a holiday bbq, thinking about the breakfast pastry I will get from this amazing bakery tomorrow morning. 
Seriously so good. Butter laden crossiant with messy egg inbetween topped with orange cheese or the breakfast meat of your liking. 
Always courteous & prompt great service too (one time after my partner requested ketchup they discreetly walked out, reappearing a minute later with a bottle).  They don't brew the coffee real fancy, but they do it well, and use one of those fancy roasters the kids are into these days - so it's consistently good. The baguettes and pain de mies are spot on too if you like that sort of thing. I only wish I lived closer.Goodness, the almond croissants and madeleines at this French-Vietnamese bakery are amazing! And it's so much more affordable than Termini's. 
The bread is also fresh and good, but not your classic French bread - it's dense and chewy as opposed to light and crispy.
I heard they were going to start serving lunch there soon, but haven't been in to verify. 
Get there early! They sell out of everything fast!So worth the trip down to South Philly!
You go. You get croissants. Its awesome. 
As far as ambiance, its like the office of a really, really messy person. You're not stepping into Paris no matter what this place is named.
But get the croissants. Damn! The plain is about the best plain croissant you are going to get in the area. 
But even better is the chocolate pistachio. It has this crazy delicious pistachio filling and chocolate drizzled on top. What a perfect South Philly treat. 
If I'm driving in the area I have to remember to hit them up again!just for this bakery, i'm contemplating moving to this neighborhood. it really wouldn't be convenient for me. it would mean a very long commute. but it would be worth it. it's THAT good. i would give it 6 stars if i could.Best French pastries in Philly. Trust, we have been searching...  Delicious. Try any of the croissants. I especially love the chocolate almond. The cream beignets are decadent and wonderful and sell out fast. The coffee is great, French Press.  The owners are very nice. Very kid friendly although no high chairs- the seating area is quite intimate. Try it, and you'll be obsessed.  We can't seem to leave without something for the next morning.  Never enough.Cash only. Come early.
Get an almond croissant and a sausage egg and cheese sandwich.  And a baguette for later.  Share them with one or two people.  Each will each expose a unique alternate universe of absolute amazing-ness to your soul.
Not to mention, the nicest, most wonderful people.I had a croissant sausage egg and cheese for breakfast . I thought I was in heaven! You have to go there t least once in your life.GOOD FRENCH BAKERY
more specifically, I had:
- a plain croissant, a chocolate croissant (pain au chocolat), an almond croissant, an apricot croissant, an apple croissant (chausson aux pommes) and a "far breton" and ate that in 2 days...
Except for the apple croissant which was not made the French way (the owner warned me though), ALL the rest TASTED LIKE what you would get in a GOOD FRENCH BAKERY.
Plus the owner is very friendly! (and as mentioned in other reviews, he speaks French as well).
I wish we had this in Boston...I've been here twice, with two different results.  The first time I went it was empty and I think they're working on moving so there wasn't a great atmosphere.  I imagine this was because it was just a weekday afternoon.  It was fine because I was just running in and wanted to try a croissant.  The croissant was good but not great. The second time I went I got a beignet(stuffed with pastry cream).   It was crazy delicious.  Huge, i couldn't eat it all on my own and fortunately I had friends to share it with.  I also tried the orange juice, which was amazing.  This second time was on a Sunday morning, and it was pretty nice, with friendly people coming in and out picking up bread and pastries.
What I'm saying is, I think, is get there early.  The stuff is tasty, but don't expect an ambiance.Good bread and pastries at a reasonable price, and the couple who owns the place is very friendly.  I think it's cute that the woman always asks me if I want sugar in my latte (does anyone do that?)  These are the only good pastries in the area, for some reason.
There is also a complete absence of trendiness, and no obnoxious clientele, which seems to be rare around here.  Even though I didn't really care to hear three middle aged men having a jam session inside the store when I came in today (I believe they were singing "I left my heart in San Fransisco") it was still a pleasant reminder that I'm in South Philly and not Williamsburg, Brooklyn.My wife and I ordered a baguette there the other day. I took it home, cut it up and froze it. It came out so great re-heated. I had to update my review to scream at Yelp readers to GET THE BREAD!
Also, the pistachio croissant remains the best croissant in the area. A must-have!Hands down the best baguette and croissant in the city.  Also, the owners could not be sweeter.  Great place to stop on a weekend morning to pickup coffee and pastry.
I recommend the large baguette for only $1.75.  I really appreciate that they ask how dark I want the outside.  Crispy on the outside and perfectly chewy inside.  They do run out if you arrive too late in the day.
The plain croissants are perfectly buttery, flaky and still light.  Almond and chocolate are more indulgent and highly recommended.  The Madeleine are spot on.  All rival any bakery in Paris.  
Coffee is always made with a french press.  Nice a strong.  They now use Counter Culture Beans, which is even better.  Great place for latte or cappuccinos as well.after living in the hood for three years, i finally stopped in to this place.  the chocolate croissant was out of this world, and the service was extremely friendly.  5 stars.I have been going here for years and cannot recommend it enough. The bread and pastries are amazing and very cheap. I recommend the multi grain bread. The almond sticks are excellent too. 
Their coffee is perhaps the best in the city.Tried this place today after reading about it on the Best Of Philly list and seeing many glowing reviews here on yelp. 
It lives up to the hype. While I only tried the croissants (bread was sold out), I was impressed. Flaky, delicious, with quality fillings. Tried Raspberry-cheese, chocolate, and blueberry -cheese. The fillings were delicious and of very fine quality. Good enough to be served anywhere. 
I wanted to try the much raved about pistachio croissant, but they were sold out. Will try next time. Excellent!
10-12-12
Went back this morning while in town. Had the sausage, egg, and cheese on a croissant sandwich for breakfast. It was AWESOME.  You'll never settle for an Egg McMuffin again! The coffee was great too.All I can say is O-M-G. I have never had a pastry quite so delicious as their almond stick. All I can say is that I'm so lucky I don't live nearby or I would be the size of a house. Absolutely incredible!The best croissants in town, without a doubt. They are deliciously flakey and buttery. I love the almond croissant, but they have a whole array of flavors from various fruits to chocolate. The breads and baguettes are fantastic. Very reasonable for the quality, but other reviewers are right about going early in the day since they do run out of things.Well I Love the new location!  The only issues I had were taken into consideration!  This place is the best!  We in South Philly are really lucky! Thanks Artisan Boulanger!The owners are Cambodian, not Vietnamese. The husband was moved to Paris when he was 10, which is why he makes those croissants so well. I special ordered Napoleans for Easter this year and they knocked the socks off everyone at the dinner table. The multi-grain bread is delicious... the baquettes and banettes... and of course, the almond croissants...LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!  I cannot think of a Patissier in the US which can match, let alone beat, one thing which comes from this kitchen.  Perfect croissants, the single best breakfast sandwich in the world,......I mean, as I type this....I want to book an Amtrak to return to Philly and go directly here!!!!!!  I am taken back to my European travels each and every time I step inside, and am hypnotized with each and every bite.  Such greatness!!!!Everything I have had here -- and at this point that is nearly everything they offer -- is impeccable. 
Recommendations:  The bacon egg and cheese croissant, the hazelnut croissant, and the apple turnover.  
I just hope that the ever ascending popularity of the Morris/12th/Passyunk intersection does not threaten this place in terms of staying in operation at this particular location.  Though I am not too worried, as they seem to do pretty well with limited overhead, and judging by the dozens of glowing reviews here, their reputation alone could very well keep them at this hot intersection for years to come.When I was a child, my mother would give me almond croissants for breakfast. She never ate sweet things, except for almond croissants, which seemed to be one of her favorite things. I like to imagine that they reminded her of Paris, which she visited as a young woman. So growing up, I tried croissants from dozens and dozens of bakeries, because according to her, none were even close to the croissants of Paris.
I think I've finally come across an authentic almond croissant here at Artisan Boulanger Patissier. With that first bite, I realized something was different. It's hard to describe the wonderful texture found in the "legs" of their croissant. I would say that the texture is both crunchy and flakey. Taking that first bite, you experience layers upon layers of thick, compressible, flaky pastry. 
They've been made perfectly. And it's amazing that even when they're cold, they still retain that crunchiness.
I hope I'll be able to bring my mother down to Philly one day, so that she'll be able to get a taste of Paris again.Philadelphia, not just South Philadelphia is lucky to have this amazing bakery.  The baguettes are perfect and the chocolate almond croissants better than any I've had in Paris. (Yes, I've eaten a lot of croissants).  I somehow missed this place for too long, but now that I have discovered it, I'm definitely going to get fat.  It's totally worth it though. I read that they will be serving sandwiches soon, and I really hope it happens (if it has not yet).  It would be amazing to walk in and see pre-made brie baguette sandwiches, wrapped and waiting for me just like in France. Bonus: very sweet proprietors.I dont think that I need to go into all the details that make this place so incredible; everyone else seems to have stated them already.  The food is delicious and reasonably priced.  The owners are super nice.  I'm basically writing this to further their near perfect 5 star rating on yelp.  BRAVO BRAVO!!These croissants took me right back to my days in Paris. We had almond croissants because those are the hardest to replicate in my opinion and they have it down perfect.  The site says they are open at 8, but that is only for Sunday's all other days they open at 7.I have wanted to try this bakery for a while given the rave reviews on yelp, so one day when I was in the neighborhood after having done some shopping I stopped by for a crossant. I have to say I was pretty dissapointed with both the taste and texture given the hype on yelp. I would say the croissants at dunkin donuts are even better than the croissants over here. 
Being from Europe I have always longed for the nice european fragant butter and flaky croissants, neither of which I was able to taste in the croissant I got from this place. Sorely disappointed with their croissant and on top of that their prices are pretty inflated given the quality of the product.This is a bread bakery, in the Frenchy-est sense.
The apple tart was impressive... infinite layers of flaky-ness on the outside, denser on the inside with a lovely apple filling.  The almond croissant was heavier than I am used to, but totally delicious in it's own right.  The coffee was good.   The woman helping me was extremely friendly and patient.
A splendid new ally in my lifelong mission to become morbidly obese!OMG. The croissants here rival those I've had in Paris. Absolutely incredible. I fell in love the minute I had the chocolate-almond. I've had chocolate croissants, I've had almond, but never together until I came to this place. I think I saw heaven three times during the course of eating that croissant....just thinking about it makes me smile.
The couple who own it couldn't be more adorable. I don't care what neighborhood you live in, any trip to this shop is worth it. Thankfully I live just a few blocks away, but if I had to drive an hour I would. Just go. Savor your croissant. End of story.The croissants and breads are outstanding.  They make the best french bread in Philly by far and the closest to ones baked in Paris.  The croissants are big bites of super flaky and buttery goodness.  My favorite ones are with cream cheese and fruit (blueberry, cherry, strawberry, etc.).  The tiramisu was rich and extremely creamy.  The offerings here are made with high quality ingredients in a very skilled manner.  There are also wonderful savory breakfast items such as guiches and cheese/bacon croissants.  The owners are most friendly, kind, and warm.Warning: do not try to eat a croissant in your car while wearing black. I could not resist my blueberry cream cheese croissant and dug right it while driving to work, it was so flaky it and crisp while being so full of blueberries and cream cheese. It was not overly sweet as most pastries are and you could really taste the quality ingredients. I would agree with others that this is on par with those I've had in Paris. On my second trip I wanted something different, but again picked the blueberry cream cheese and picked up a baguette for my boyfriend. He talked about how great it was all day long. Only thing is, I wish they would label what pastry is so I wouldn't have to ask.Colin C.'s review is poetic and very beautiful.  So I will keep mine short.
These Vietnamese folks make superb baguettes and outstanding croissants.  There is great Italian bread in South Philly, but this French place beats them all.Umm how has nobody commented on the greasiness of the croissants. I was excited to try the chocolate croissants b/c of all the rave reviews. Grease was literally dripping off of it, not at all light or flaky how a croissant should be. I've had better croissants from the wal-mart bakery, super disappointed.Croissant aux Almond (Almond Croissant), Croissant aux Hazelnut, and a small Latte came out to around $8.50. The almond croissant topped with the powdered sugar was sooo good. I know I will be craving this. The Hazelnut on the other hand was a tiny bit burnt on the bottom, but still good.
The place is dingy but several things make up for this.
-the service and hospitality of the owners
-the buttery goodness of the pastries
-the fact that the pastries are not too sweet and just right
-the freshness and quality of the foodMy family hails from France & I am a first generation americain with my heart in france. Mais oui I had to try this place. I was totally shocked at how good et how authentic the croissants are. Light as air, fluffy et buttery ...tres bein!!
They would even fool my grande pere into thinking they were from his boulangerie. 
This is a must go to place. 4 only because I think the prices are exxagerated...... & I am in denial that the owner (a very nice Vietnamese man) is not a FrenchmanBest croissants I have ever had anywhere.  The hazelnut croissant is AMAZING, and the egg sandwiches are great.  If you haven't been there yet, you don't know what your are missing.THE FRENCH BAKERY IN PHILLY PERIOD.
I go here too often and Jenny Craig aint gonna like it!
Simply delicious. I stop in here on my way to work because the place closes at 3pm and ya need cash...bummer. But the food I had here were all excellent and Paris approved.
Please try the following when you're there:
Crosissants: Pistachio Croissant 
Chocolate Pistachio Croissant 
Almond Stick
Peach Croissant
Cherry Croissant 
Apple Croissant
Cheese Croissant
Apple Turnover 
Cherry Turnover
Almond Turnover
Pinwheel
Desserts:
Charlotte aux Fruits (Sponge Cake, Creme Angles, Fruit)
Napoleon (Mille-feuille, Pastry Cream)
Frasier (Strawberry Shortcake)
Moka (Sponge Cake, Butter Cream)
Singapore (Rum Cake, Fruit)
Tarte aux Pommes (Apple Tart)
Choux a la Creme (Puff Pastry, Pastry Cream, Fruit)
Mousse CupI go in here EVERY morning with my dog on our walk for my morning cup of coffee.  The pastry (all of it, yes, ALL of it) is amazing.  I have not had anything close from a bakery like this in the united states.  The owner and his wife are very friendly and most likely will give your dog a little treat if you go in there.  The bread is as good as almost every single bakery I went to in Europe.  It puts all others in the area (and that is saying a lot) to shame.  Go early!My husband kept coming home from his morning walk with these amazing pastries that I had to find out where he was getting them.  So one morning, I went with him, and he hasn't gone by himself since!  All their pastries are amazing, I especially like their almond stick.  
Their space is pretty limited, but the atmosphere is so friendly, that I always feel welcome to grab a chair and squeeze in by the window.  The owners are patient and take the time to say hi and chat with their customers that it seems most come in partly for that.I come here solely for the chocolate croissants! Oh my, are they heaven in pastry form! Flaky and filled with just enough chocolate, they are the definition of perfection. I try to resist my sweet tooth, but Artisan Boulanger makes it too hard to do. Trust me - pick one up! You'll be head over heels with the first bite.Congrats are in order for the James Beard winners!
The croissants here best Maison Kayser's on the UES, NYC by so far, a football field aint' enough..... seriously.
Cambodian Chin's French-trained expertise in all croissants and their variants are simply stunningly perfect. So great. I even nabbed a cross-section to show you I do not lie. 
However, the raisin wheel was not so great. Just pedestrian bread dough, and not that flaky, buttery kind. As well, I found the beignet to be way too heavy-handed in density of the dough, as well as just how much custard cream was stuffed inside. So much so that the beauty of the creamy custard and its properties became dull and difficult to eat. A lot of that went by the wayside.
Stick to the chocolate croissant (wish there was more chocolate) and their signature almond croissant, as well as the tried and true butter croissant. So good, it was worth the planned trek to go and get it.
PS Moving in April around the corner south to Miffin st!!!!!!! They will be augmenting their menu and making the cafe itself somewhere that one can enjoy. To speak of right now, there is a subzero ambiance, and most come and purchase things to go.If you like Almond Croissants then you have to taste these.... They are to die for! The BEST I tasted ever! Crispy, delicious & scrumptious...Closest bakery to French quality
Felt like I was back in France 
The snails (pastry) were perfectIt's all about the sausage, egg n cheese croissants.
Flaky pastry, perfectly cooked eggs, and tasty sausage. But the Star of the show is ooey gooey cheese sauce on the sandwich. Makes it go from yum to WOW!!!
I also got a cherry-cheese croissant, which is sitting in the kitchen. I'll save that for early afternoon. 
Sweet owners behind the counter. 
The only thing which keeps it from 5 stars is the prices. A tad overpriced. Over 3 dollars for a danish? No mas! This will have to be a once-in-a-while spot, at least for pastries. The sandwiches, on the other hand, will be my regular spot now in South Philly.What more can be said? ALMOND CAKE!! Most delicious cake ever. I can't fathom a more tasty pastry.I tried pistachio, hazelnut, and blueberry cheese croissants - they were all on the chewy side, not flaky, buttery, and soft like a croissant should be.  The fillings were okay but bordered on bland.As soon as I walked in, customers who appeared to be regulars (and who could also tell it was my first time in the shop) immediately began raving about how amazing this small family-owned joint was. And they were right, indeed.  In fact, it took me quite a while to settle on what I wanted, and after mulling it over, I chose the peaches and cream croissant. It did the trick, and I hope to come back and try out the rest of the selection--from the wide range of croissants (plain, chocolate, and fruit) to all the other yummy offerings!This is the ONLY decent baguette (and other bread) in Philly, especially coming from NYC. I have searched and tried every bakery high and low here in 6 months and I was lucky enough to have found their bread at the now defunct Almanac Market in NoLibs (RIP). 
I worked for months as kitchen manager and baker at One Shot Coffee I was even pushing for my owner to carry their product but she refused to go local....Andre, the baker and one of the principals behind the bakery, has had an incredible journey from Southeast Asia to France and then to South Philadelphia.  He bakes a great deal of bread and pastries for some of the city's famous establishments.  If you visit the bakery just a few times, you begin to feel at home and are treated like a regular.  The value is fantastic: Philadelphia's other artisanal bakers would charge substantially more for both the bread and pastries. (Andre's location has something to do with this.)  Andre is in desperate need of an apprentice baker.  Ask him one day to describe how the French government subsidizes apprentice bakers, and how difficult it has been for him to find anyone who can last more than a few days in the kitchen with him.  At this time, customers have visibility to only a limited-range of his culinary abilities; Andre has spent years in French kitchens and has an enormous repetroire.  If you know anyone serious about a baking/culinary career, Andre could teach them an enormous amount.  The breads do run out early.  The multigrain is tough to get.  The brioche is wonderful.  Andre and his partner have terrific plans for the business, and it's wonderful to watch the bakery grow and evolve.  Like at least one other reviewer, I lived 2 blocks away on Tasker Street for several years, and enjoyed fresh bread just about every day of the week from Andre's.  Reviewer Colin C. likes to pedal from Chinatown to the bakery, but it's also a wonderful walk from Center City on a Saturday or Sunday morning, especially if you take the 9th Street corridor through the Italian Market.  One minor correction on two of the other reviews: Although Andre speaks multiple languages, he is Cambodian, not Vietnamese.Should I even write a review?
It already has 5 stars.
Incredible bakeries. Owner is a Vietnamese who spent years in France in his early years baking. This is a family-owned bakery. Andre is so nice; he remembers his customers and shares personal stories about France and the world, food and history.The word on street is that: they have the best croissant in town. And they are absolutely right. If you don't like it, that is your fault. 
Plus, the owner is so nice.Pain au chocolat is the light 'n flaky express train to Tubby Station for this traveler.  Just like a croissant in texture, but rolled into a flattish rectangle instead of a horn, this particular pastry comes complete with two rich batons of sweet sweet chocolate in addition to the concealed stick of butter.
Pair with a double whole milk cappuccino and you've got a continental breakfast guaranteed to make any nutritionist weep. 
Pain au chocolat, $2
Shiny pelt from butter infusion: priceless.A very fine bakery.  The fresh croissant and exceptional, very French in style and buttery-ness. A very good value for the quality. The family who runs the bakery are Franco-Vietnamese, which may sound like an odd mix, but is not. This is one of the only true-blue french bakeries in the city, and it's worth seeking out.i was checking for a breakfast place on yelp this morning and the name of this place automatically caught my eyes. A FRENCH boulangerie?!! i had to try it!! jumped out of my bed and faced the snow to hopefully finally eat some real frwnch tasting croissant! well. i was served! the plain croissant i took was just AMAZING! felt like i was home. i also took a quiche which was really good! on top of it, i took a baguette which i am still waiting to eat!! the owner speaks french and it always makes me happy when i can speak french :) i will definitely go back there(i think i will become addicted to this place!) tips: cash only but they have an atm inside.Just a quick review to join the chorus of praise.  This place is authentic, delicious, and delivers a sincere homage to the fine art of French pastry and bread.  They are soon to relocate 2 blocks to the south on Mifflin St. Artisan Boulanger Patissier is doing its part to affirm Philadelphia as a great world city, one ridiculously tasty croissant at a time.  Any other franchisey bakery with the initials ABP would seem vapid and worthy of scorn!I hate to not rave about this bakery. Really wanted to like this place. Love french croisants! Maybe my expectations were too high. Not like france at all! Heavy, greasy, chewy croisants! Croisants should be flaky and light. Disappointed.Artisan Boulanger Patissier just goes to show that Asian people do things better. The Japanese make better cars after copying American manufacturers. The Chinese make cheaper, faster iProducts after heisting secrets from Steve Jobs. The Vietnamese make better pastries than their former colonizers.
Sure you can go and get your fancy pants pistachio croissant or your almond chocolate abomination, but if you're looking for something more savory...something more sexy...something more simple, opt for the plain croissant.
The regular old croissant is the fattest, fluffliest, butteriest, layer-ist, moistest, yummiest croissant I've ever had. The crust was golden and flaky. The inside was savory and chewy. The best part is, if you take a giant bite of the croissant, it immediately re-inflates! (Which means you don't have to eat any of that deflated, smushed pastry mess...yay!) 
Oh yeah, and the iced lattes are really good.I went here recently after reading the glowing yelp reviews. I was blown away. I got the almond chocolate croissants and they were unbelievably good. The last time I had one that was as good was in Italy. They are not overly sweet and just the right amount of indulgence. The staff was also super nice and I loved the neighborhood feel of the bakery. It really seems like a place locals congregate to because it's so good.I don't get it. I drove from NE Philly to try these croissants. I was very disappointed. They look beautiful and flaky, but are extremely doughy inside. I guess I'll continue driving to Wayne PA for the best croissants.First time arriving at this corner of delicious goodness. I decided to stop in since the reviews were so great. I just want to say, I am glad I did. Their croissants are to die for and the apple turnover has turned a cake lover into a pastry lover.Wow. Highly exceeded all my expectations. My barber who lives in Fishtown comes here frequently to get baguettes and pastries. I had to try it since I only live about a ten minute walk away. Goodness those almond croissants, the beignets, and the coffee were GREAT. That being said, this is definitely a higher-end breakfast than most other places. I think our bill was around $9 for two pastries and two small coffees but they were DELICIOUS. The beignet was massive and bang-for-your-buck. You could absolutely split the beignet between two people. The almond croissant was perfectly buttered and just sweet enough to balance the coffee (which you should always drink black).
I can't wait to go back!I thought I knew bread, I thought I was the queen of croissants. I was wrong until yesterday afternoon.
I know i know they have all kinds of treats there but I stuck to plain croissant and their small loaf thats 50 cents. Ridiculously amazing that you can buy something so delicious for $0.50! Now the croissants, where does one start? Buttery, flaky, light, airy and doughy- just the way I always pictures the ideal croissant in my min. I always found croissants everywhere else to be too flaky and not enough bite to it. This croissant you can actually hold without messing up your whole dress with crumbs. When I came home later, I dipped the remaining croissant in nutella. You know what happens when you dip anything for the matter in nutella- magic!
The people behind the counter where great, friendly - as if they see me everyday. I like it when new places do not make a big deal out of me, but treat me like one of them. I spent the rest of my afternoon walking around Passyunk, nibbling on my delicious loaf.Well if you want me to start crowing about good bread again all you have to do is bring up Artisan Boulanger Patissier. 
Oh! Artisan Boulanger Patissier, you say? I'm glad you mentioned that cause... what a great bakery! 
Wonderful baguettes here...really, and croissants. I know everyone has mentioned this already- how everything is great.... but since when do I eat croissants? I mean I like em , sure, but when do I go outta my way? Well, since they're amazing from here and I've been hooked since I had a bite one time and I was like, "OH."
 Pastries can be found here too, and good ones. There is love in this stuff.
Yeah, look. Do yourself a favor.if you're in the neighborhood, it's definitely another option to varallo bros. super tasty bread (especially the brioche), pastries, and coffee. great prices - i think the brioche was around $4. if you're going to stop by, make it early. they sell out of everything pretty early.I gave up sweets for lent.  Damn.  I am day dreaming about this place because it is the best. The people are very nice which is always a big plus in my book. I hate to share this with anyone because if I get there at 7:30 on Easter Saturday morning for an Almond Cake (my Lenten fast breaking obsession) and they are gone!!!...it will be my own damn fault!I am not a croissant eater, and let me tell you the pistachio croissant was a game changer.  Holy crap it was good.  I was pissed when my phone rang in the middle of eating it & I had to stop to answer. 
Baguette = fantastic.  I ate the entire thing myself & would have punched anyone who tried to take a bite.This place is LEGIT!  I can't really say anything else except the pastries and breads are to die for.  I've tried pretty much every croissant they offer.  My favorite is probably the cheese and blueberry, although I tried the pistachio chocolate today and it was ah-mazing.  They also have this croissant filled with egg, cheese, and sausage that is KILLER--- so delicious but I'd suggest splitting it with a friend.
Some tips:
If you are looking for some bread for dinner on a weekend, I'd suggest getting there early-- we've gotten there in the late afternoon and they were all out.
There are some tables and chairs, but I feel like its mostly a grab and go type of place.
I've had their coffee on many occasions-- mostly when I'm too lazy to make my own or walk down to Dunkin Donuts.  It's ok- nothing in comparison to the awesome pastries.Words cannot describe how incredible the pastries are at this place. Thank goodness I don't live close or I'd truly be obese. Their almond sticks are the best pastry I have ever eaten in my life. This time we also tried the hazelnut croissant and apple turnover. UNREAL. We weren't in love with the hazelnut croissant (I would've preferred more of a hazelnut flavor). Go here NOW. And go hungry.I love fresh bread and good coffee. But I also love sleeping in on Saturday mornings. This place is so good that I will wake up at 7am to get food there so I can bring it back home and jump back into bed and eat it in my PJs. Amazing.I love this place.  I am obsessed with it.  The bacon egg and cheese croissant is one of the best things in life.  These bakers are geniuses.Andre is a god, Amanda knows me nearly as well as my mother. I can't go anywhere else for espresso and not feel guilty, overcharged and underwhelmed. 
if their re-opening takes any longer than it's supposed to, i don't know what i'll do with myself.The croissants, pastries, and baguettes are as good as people say (if their bread being used in the much-missed Pif doesn't mean something to you, it should).  You're as likely to hear the friendly staff conversing with a customer in French, English, or  Cambodian.  They serve mean cups of Counter Culture coffee.
The space, while pleasant, isn't spectacular: it could do with being a bit more homey.  But with baking this good, who cares?Pastries are always fresh and delicious.   The owners are always very courteous and friendlly.  thanks for the tip on freezing the bread and re-heating.... it came out so good just like the owner said it would.I'm not usually one for writing reviews, but Artisan Boulanger Patissier is so great, I felt they deserve all the praise that we can muster.
Everyone has already described this place so wonderfully and accurately, so I'm not going to do much else but throw some more love their way.  The place is so unassuming that I passed by it for almost a year before on a whim I ventured inside.  That was a day I will not soon forget.  I feel so lucky now to have ready access to such outstanding bread and pastries.  I only wish they were open before I left for work so I could indulge every day, but I guess it's good for me that they're not.
Oh, and the one thing no one has mentioned yet is the pistachio croissants.  What?!?  Amazing!I am so happy to have finally discovered this place for myself! Home the flakiest, butteriest most delicious pastries I have had in the city of Philadelphia. A bold statement. 
The store itself is very low key, the owners are super friendly and warm and they're asian which is cool! They have croissants of all sorts, savory chicken pot pie pastries (really good!), pastries filled with apple, almond and pistachio, cream cakes and many other things I have yet to try. I have heard that the breads are outstanding as well. The coffee is also very good! The atmosphere could be nicer, but the shop is clean and I like how it's really unassuming. 
I'm sure I'll back many more times!