Pleasantly surprised at how nice this place was outside and in!  Came here for a baby shower that was held in their upstairs room.  Ambience very classic and looks recently renovated.  Noted wheelchair accessible for the stairs.  The food menu was standard bar and Italian type food.  It was tasty, and there was a good looking bar across the back of the room.   Excellent place for a crowd, I am thinking it would be great for holiday party, too!I was here 5 days ago and I was both happy and disappointed. Let me explain...
I ordered a burger (the name eludes me), I was told it was nominated for Best of Philly, so I decided to give it a try. The burger was served with a healthy serving of fries, which I requested have the seafood seasoning added, and it came with American cheese dipping sauce. To be completely honest, everything about my burger was fantastic, including the sides. Certainly a worthy nomination. 
On the other side, my girlfriend and her mother ordered a rack of ribs, a tradition they've had for some time. Now they have not been here since the remodel, so this was the first time back. The ribs were majorly overcooked. The skin was burnt to the point that you could pull it off in solid chunks, and it was required to get to the meat underneath that had no traces of the bbq sauce they slathered on top of the rack. Certainly not what they were looking for. Luckily, the quality of meat underneath was quite good and it had a decent flavor. But they left very very much to be desired.One of our favorite places to go - especially Thursday night with the family for 1/2 price pizzas.  The ashburner is divided into 3 dining areas. One surrounding the bar with high tops and one separate for family dining - then for those who enjoy the outdoors, a nice patio area with umbrellaed tables.  
We have only had poor service one time and even then she was probably just having a bad day.  Everyone else has been a pleasure.  Darling older woman who is like one of the family comes over to speak with the clientele often.  Her warm smile is the heart of this place and PUT YOUR PHONES AWAY because family time is important and when in her dining room she will politely remind you to engage with those whom you are with!
Food is consistent. Portions are plentiful. Prices are average. Atmosphere is pleasant.  We keep coming back to ashburner time after time and would recommend to anyone.I love this place.  Previously had one of the greatest filets I've ever had.  Stopped in for lunch today and they had a brick oven pizza special.....white pie....shredded mozzarella, prosciutto, sliced mozzarella and arugula. Incredible.  I will crave this for weeks.  Sara, our waitress...kicked butt.   Very attentive.  Always is.  Go.  Get the experience. The beer is cold.  The place is spotless and the food is always spot on. Crowd is awesome and local.  Thursday's they have half priced pizzas which I always can go for....but that pie today.....I guarantee  you I'll wake up tomorrow wanting it.Service here blows. It takes forever and the servers are always making mistakes. The food is so inconsistent, I could order the same thing over and over again and it will be different everytime. I only go there from time to time because it's so close, but the food is lousy and the service sucks.Buffalo wings were great. Honey mustard wings not so much. Pizza was pretty good too. Glad to see them come back after the fire.The Ashburner Inn and its patrons are the greatest. Just dropped off toys at Philadelphia Ronald McDonald House for the children from their toy drive. Thank youWhat a great restaurant! They have a great variety on the menu. From reasonable priced sandwiches and brick oven pizza to a meal, which is a little more pricey, but comes with soup or salad. I had the black and blue chicken pizza. I am one who doesn't agree with chicken on pizza but this pizza was absolutely amazing!!!!!! It was heaven to my taste buds!!!! My husband had the sausage cacciatore and thought it was very good. We definitely recommend this restaurant.My bf took me here because of the all you can eat snow crab legs this past wednesday. He is a BIG fan of this... you get "crab fries" with cheese, a beverage and all you can eat buckets of legs for $22.95 on Wednesdays in the summer. I think he went through 5 buckets by himself!
I don't really do the whole crab legs thing so I ordered a pork sandwich. It was awesome...HUGGGE sandwich, juicy pork (not dry and seem to me it was cooked on site not from a deli), roasted peppers, provolone cheese and fries. YUMM! Also they have $5 pitchers of miller lite all the time.
Waitress was nice and attentive and promptly refilled anything we needed... she didn't disappear when it was time to order another bucket of crabs!Like the food and the atmosphere. Good place to eat on a weekday. They have a lot of fun events.They are supposed to reopen in the next couple weeks!
Missed my pineapple upside down martini, the cheese steak egg rolls and the burgers!I came here for paint nite event. This a very nice big place. This was my first time at Ashburner Inn. My friends and I ordered the crab nachos & the buffalo nachos. It was so delicious. The drinks were also made very well and tasted excellent. I would recommend this place and I see myself coming back.Went there for paint nite the place is very nice it self has seating outside which I love very clean .. I got lemonade snagria which was great and also crab cakes which I loved not to much breading more meat .. Also I got the seafood bisque soup I wasn't really a fan taste like a bowl of cream to me but would definetly go back !What? You've never had a crabcake sandwich? Well, lessee, where will I send you? I wouldn't want you to get a bad one, making you swear off one of America's GREAT culinary inventions forever. Maryland? No, I've had too many lame examples, most from places right on the Chesapeake. NYC? Perhaps, if you're willing to pay a hideous amount for one. Wait! The Ashburner Inn! Right here in the heart of Our Phair City. This is truly in the top three, if not the  best  crabcake sammy I've ever had. It comes on a nice brioche roll --- like the fancy places except no tie or jacket is required at the 'burner --- with lettuce, tomato and a small amount of roasted pepper sauce, and it's a CRAB cake, not  a bread crumb cake, like so many other imitators. Lotsa crab, so it starts to fall apart as you eat it; that's a good sign. With their delish french fries, hot and not greasy, you'll begin to weep and say, "Crabcake sandwich! Ashburner Inn! Where have you been all my life?" The beertender will start to look at you funny, but that's okay. They really understand.
Nicely renovated interior, good beer selection and good service. Go.Wanted to start by saying Thank You not only to the owner Jim but his entire staff 
From the first phone call placed to the final farewell 
Today we as a family bid our farewell to our loving cousin
The Ashburner was very accommodating to our entire family , the food was exceptional as always , the hospitality was wonderful.
Could not have picked a better gathering location for our family . They never once made us feel rushed , the meal served was delicious 
Thank you Bob the Chief . Our server was wonderful ( I apologize I can not remember her name ) 
Your entire staff was exceptional 
For this we thank you and look forward to our next family gathering at your locationAwesome. Good bartenders. Music from a DJ. The best wood burning stove pizza in the area! Strong drinks that they put the xtra in a side glass. Semi reasonable price. Lots of different ages and demographics.  Fun bar and can't wait to go back to try dinnerNice food, fun atmosphere. Never had anything bad here and only pleasant experiences. Recommend it for sure.To the Point: Definitely Would Go Back
Went there one time on a Thursday around 6PM. The front bar area is a normal 15 stool straight bar with a few high hat tables in there. The back room had about 15-20 tables that seated 4-5 people. I had the brick oven margarita pizza, roast beef sandwich, and French fries. The pizza was excellent. Definitely fresh and you can see the brick oven as soon as you walk in the place. The roast beef was pretty good and it came with crispy, nicely seasoned fries. I didn't have any booze so I can't comment. There was a two person band playing music which was nice. The crowd was easy going and normal. No "seedy" characters or "hammered beyond belief" low lifes that I saw. But I was outta there by 8PM. Plenty of tvs. Definite winner!!!The Ashburner is a great place to grab a beer and watch a game. Plenty of TVs at the bar along with a giant projection screen (though you will hurt your neck looking up at it from the bar). The tap list is nice too. They have a few seasonal beers and craft beers like Dogfish 60 min. Last time there they had a Saranac Pumpkin ale. The place draws an older crowd but there is a couple of young people peppered in, not a bar for young rowdy guys. 
The food at the Ashburner is a real mixed bag. They have a wood burning oven the produces consistently good pizza (though it only come in one size) and their buffalo wings are great and they give you more nachos than you can handle. But their rib eye sandwich felt like I was eating bland snot and their burgers are just okay. The service is fairly good and the bartenders are nice.
They have specials on beer and all you can eat wings on Wednesdays and sometimes their is live music. The place is priced well too. A very cozy place to hang out with a beer and watch the game.Just stop in with the boss terry marnoch to grab a bite to eat before my grandson gavins playoff game tonite at crispin.Been coming here for weeknight dinner 4ever. This newer bartender is horrific! I say newer because I know she started a couple of months ago; hence we try to avoid coming here. There are 18 people at the bar. We sat down at 7:18 was looked straight in the eye 3x's and wasn't asked what we wanted until 7:29. Then when I asked for my beer, she repeated my request & proceeded to give me something completely different. We enjoy the food but will not be back!Got the pizza and it was awesome. The tomato pie is the best. They have live music and on Wednesdays they have quizzo. They have a large projector screen to watch the games and fightsVery good pizza. The burgers and beer selection is very good too. The only reason for 3 stars is because my brother in law was not happy with his burger order had it replaced and it came out wrong again. Definitely a fun hang out.Hadn't been in along time
Heard it reopened
Wings salad nachos all good
Server lovely
I would go back
Traditional pub food freshly preparedA throwback '70s restaurant with a menu to match.  All appetizers are greasy, deep fried crap, with the exception of the mussels.  Standard unimaginative menu.  I suspect many frozen.  Old tired menu.Ashburner is a very nice bar and restaurant which really suprised me. I went for st.patricks day and was not expecting it to be so much fun . The food was really good and they had tons of different beers on tap and bottled. Our waitress was running around like crazy but did a great job and made sure she kept the beers coming. There is plenty of parking in there lot and if its ever full there are many spots on the street.We recently went here for a family birthday party and the top floor was rented out. The food was delicious and the service was awesome! The bar had a nice selection and the atmosphere in total was very comfortable. Would recommend!The food was really good,but I was disappointed with the slow service and the fact that they don't carry any kind of milk or lemonade is hard to believe.I was looking for a quiet dinner but when I walked in the band was blasting loud Irish music. If I knew about the band I wouldn't have came to this restaurant. The chalk board at the entrance said a live band was going to be at the restaurant on Thursday but I came in on Sunday and the band was there. Overall,the only thing I liked there was the foodWe stopped tonight for dinner for the first time. I remember when this place was a corner dive bar. Things have changed and for the better!
When we got there the bar area was packed! We were surprised they had a band on a Sunday evening. We were sat right away in the restaurant area.
Upon being seated we were approached for drinks. I ordered unsweetened iced tea, wife had her water. To my surprise the refills were not free, I was charge $9.00 for 4 teas. That was disappointing considering there was no glassware and everything was served in a solo cup. We started with the mozzarella sticks, wow! They were by far the best I've ever had. They were crispy, crunchy and full of cheese. The sauce accompanied with it was also very good.
For dinner my wife ordered the salmon bruschetta served with zucchini and roasted potatoes. The salmon was cooked well but it sat in balsamic and was topped with bruschetta, it became a bit mushy. I ordered the crab cake entree served with the same vegetable and potatoes. The crab cakes were very good! The potatoes were a bit bland and the veggies were good. 
The waitress only had about 4 tables in the restaurant but she seemed overwhelmed. She was very quick with us! She was nice but quick. We asked for a box and she literally threw it on the table and kept walking. She also gave us the wrong vegetables with out entrees. Overall it was a good experience, they lose a star for the service and no free refills. Solid 4 stars though, we may stop back for a quick bite and music.I've passed by the the Ashburner so many times ,but never went in after the fire they had a couple years ago.Me and my wife decided to try it on our date night and it was really a nice place! I had a spinach salad that was fresh and tasty and we split their signature black and blue thin crust pizza cooked in their coal fired oven ,that to was perfect!We sat out on the deck and had dinner and drinks .I highly recommend you try this place out ,you will not be disappointed.Excellent pizza and apps. My main jawn and I went out to eat at this place a few times and every time we go we leave satisfied which ends up with her satisfying me when we get home. The brick oven pizza will make you feel like a man or a woman with a purpose in life.So, this is my first time here. We choose to go on a non- Eagles Sunday because I wasn't sure of the parking situation. It turns out I was right to be concerned. The bar was maybe 30% full and so was the parking lot. Just keep that in mind. When we walked in we weren't sure if we should seat ourselves or wait to be seated. After about 5 minutes with no one coming by, we decided to sit at a table in the bar. Another 5 minutes goes by and no one acknowledged us, we decided to sit at the bar. The bartender was a few minutes getting to us (again, the bar wasn't very full).
Once we we're served, we found the bartender to be very friendly and the food was good. I would certainly come back.I had a bad experience when I went to the Ashburner Inn. I can't say there was nothing good about the place - but the bad clearly was a lot stronger than the good.
I will start with the good news. The Ashburner has a big dining room with lots of cool wall hangings. The seats are comfortable and the tables are large with plenty of space to spread out. The service is quick and really very friendly.
Of course the best ambiance in the world cannot make up for bad food. They advertise the pizza as a speciality and I decided to go with that with bacon and chicken as toppings. The chicken tasted as if it had been frozen for months before being cooked to serve on the pizza. The sauce wasn't my favorite, admittedly nothing wrong with it just not something I liked. The bacon was delicious. All served with some cheese on a crust that was slightly burnt.  All in all a mediocre pie I would not try again.
Far worse was my dining partner's turkey club. Throughout the meal she kept saying something was off with her sandwich.  But, she wasn't quite sure what was wrong. Sometimes all of the tastes in sandwich combine so it is hard to detect where the  bad is coming from. She was not able to finish - so I offered to sacrifice my far too picky tastebuds to figure out the problem. As with the pizza the bacon was delicious. The turkey, on the other hand, was BAD. And, I don't mean this in the Michael Jackson sense, nor do I mean it as a matter of opinion - more in the spoiled sense. Now, it wasn't so bad that it had things growing from it. But, the odor it emitted told the tale of meat kept a couple of days past it's use by date. I am sure it was still edible - just disgusting.
Adding insult to injury I decided to tell the waitress about this bad turkey. As much to complain as to let them fix the problem for other diners. The waitress response was that she would take care of it. I honestly thought that meant she was going to adjust our check - but it turned out to mean that she was just going to take care of the sandwich and throw it out.
I was pretty disappointed. I can understand a cook making a mistake and not noticing that the food was passed its prime. But, to charge for this after being informed of the mistake really didn't mesh with the excellent service given beforehand. We received a token apology and the full bill.
If I wanted to go out and have a few drinks I might be convinced to go here. The bar area is nice and it's hard to serve spoiled drinks. But, I would be hard pressed for a reason to give their food another chance or to recommend it to someone else.I had high expectations given the reviews.  Also excited since it's in my neighborhood.  The venue is quite nice but unfortunately the food needs a lot to be desired.  Went here to satisfy a Fries and buffalo wings craving.  The fries were super salty and buffalo wings were very dry.  Might give it one more chance but very disappointing.Went to The Ashburner this past Saturday for the first time. My husband and I recently moved to the area and had been meaning to try this place for a while. 
We sat at the bar (there were no tables available with a good view of the Flyers game) and had a few beers and a Margherita pizza. I must say that I was not expecting to find a pizza that good at the corner of Ashburner and Torresdale! And for $8 it was more than worth it. 
I was pleased with the beer prices as well. For some reason I expected beer to be more expensive there than it was, I guess because of the overall ambiance of the restaurant. The prices for the beers we ordered were: $2 PBRs and $4 Sam Adams Cherry Wheat. They also had a $6.50 pitcher special, but it was only available at the bar tables, not the bar itself- even though there were no more tables available in the bar area.
I also had a chance to meet the owner while she was straightening up the bathroom and she was a real sweetheart. I also have a lot of respect for owners who are that hands-on in their restaurants.
The Ashburner loses the 5th star because of the weird pitcher special and the lack of availability of tables with a view of the TVs. Otherwise, it was a great place. I will definitely be back.This was about the worst dining experience ever.  We use to go to the Ashburner all the time but stopped going because of the bad food.  Well after two years we decided to go again and what a mistake.  We were in the restaurant for two hours and the service was horrible.  The restaurant was packed and so noisy and the waitresses could not handle the crowd.  My husbands food was ok but my ribs were horrible.  I wanted Ketchup and another glass of water but I never even got a chance to ask the waitress because she never came back to our table to ask if everything was ok.  Finally when she came to ask if we wanted dessert I said no because all I wanted to do was get out of this restaurant.  In the time we were there I saw four people send back their food - reasons unknown.  Will never go back.  What a disappointment - save your money and go elsewhere.Went tonight for dinner and not impressed. Waiting on appetizers and then for the main meal felt like forever. The salmon had to be sent back because it wasn't cooked fully.My husband and I stopped to a delight we got to see Nancy a past great bartender so we got to catch up with her. Nancy is amazing also very helpful because she knows I have a picky palette she knew my choice of the Ashburner Salad was the right one and it was delish. You know you are in good hands when you haven't see a bartender in over a year and she removers your drinks. That is service at its finest!!! We will be back for sure. 
I have also attended a few private events and never disappointed by the food or service. Recommend it totally.Come here almost every Saturday night for the ambiance and the great hostess and waitresses they have. Feel like coming home to family with a great meal awaiting us. Highly recommend it and intend to spend many more Saturday nights and some lunchtimes during the week when that staff is great.The atmosphere is great. Brick oven pizza is delicious. Ayce snow crabs are my fav. Never a disappointmentThe Ashburner Inn is awesome! We live in Central NJ and come down a few times a year to hang out. Beer selection is great. I love the big salads, wraps, and appetizers. My husband usually gets cheese steak or a burger and says they're really good. The live music is fun!Had great time with friends after Derby Day. Great foods cold drinks. Awesome bar staff and awesome waitress Melissa serving food. Great music by the DJ. (Does not take requests).I've been back to the Ashburner twice since they reopened after being closed for some time due to a fire. Not sure if there's new owners or management, but it's definitely a better time. My 1st time back the food was great, 2nd time we got the same thing and it wasn't as good. That was always my problem with this place the food is so inconsistent, but the staff is friendlier, The beer list is longer, and the nightlife is more happening! I'll definitely be back and I'm excited for their new outside seating to open!Pros:
Very clean
Great menu choices
Great food
Very friendly service
Cons:
None
Three of us came in right at dinner time on a Tuesday night. We were seated right away and our server was Bailey who was very sweet and attentive. I ordered the shortribs which were cooked perfect and served with some sort of fried mac n cheese which was awesome. My brother and sister each ordered the brick oven pizza which was very very good.
I recommend this place. Ask for Bailey.We used to go here regularly the first couple years and always loved the food, especially the wood-oven pizza.  Noticed the food quality had been slipping since their original chef left a couple years ago, but we decided to give it one last try.  This time the  food was just awful --  pizza, flat iron steak, seafood bisque and ceasar salad -- all subpar.  It takes a lot for me not to find something enjoyable in a meal but we could barely eat half of any of our items. Just a shame.  Might go again for drinks and game-watching but will not eat here again.i go to this bar all the time to watch the game or to just have a quick beer i always have a good time the bartenders and servers are always nice and pleasant i think the food here is phenomenal but thats just me. I also like how its not a dive bar which there are way too many of in philadelphia theres never the same old crowd and i usually get along with everyone that goes in there.  I would definently recommend this place to someone looking to find "there" neighborhood bar.Went there for paint nite the place is very nice it self has seating outside which I love very clean .. I got lemonade snagria which was great and also crab cakes which I loved not to much breading more meat .. Also I got the seafood bisque soup I wasn't really a fan taste like a bowl of cream to me but would definetly go back ! 
I haven't tried the pizza but definitely planning another trip there !Great local hangout in the Northeast. The food is great for a bar. The staff and patrons are friendly. Great live music. What more do you need.The Ashburner never disappoints! The food is always good and the servers are very friendly. We held my sisters bridal shower here, and I was very pleased. They were very accommodating and helpful throughout. There was a mixup about the start time of the party, but the staff worked quickly to get everything set up in time. The room looked great!Me like. 
The beer -  Its prob one of the best options for draft beer in the Northeast.  Close to 20 beers on tap, and not all the usual suspects. 
The food - its ok - nothing amazing - but its cheap and its a bar!  For the price paid - its fine. 
The staff - they have always been so kind and friendly - makes it a pleasnt experience.
Good to watch games - lots of screens
Super reasonably priced.This place has been around for a long time and it's a classic in the area. We had a luncheon after my grandfather's funeral here and the staff were super friendly and helpful both with the planning and actual luncheon. We had options for the lunch buffet and we decided on a salad, green beans, chicken, salmon and roasted potatoes. For dessert we got cookies with coffee. You had to pay more for cake and we didn't want the extra fee.  Overall the food was very flavorful and I was pretty surprised with the food and how good it was. We had an open bar and the bar tender was great. I will say that it was pricey when you break it down per person so that was a bit disappointing. At least it was delicious. We went downstairs to the bar after the luncheon was over for drinks and they had a nice selection on tap including Troegs, Shock Top, Lienenkugels and Yards among others. I will say I wish they had some music playing in the background. Our luncheon was upstairs which was nice and private. They also had a thing that brings disabled upstairs so that was great. Overall, I would recommend this place.The brick oven pizza is amazing and half off on Tuesdays! 
Nice outside seating area. 
Super clean and great staff!9/14/19
Review of Private Party
Great experience here at the Ashburner Inn. I went for a private party for my soon to be son in law. His family has had many parties/events held here and it's easy to see why!
There is a beautiful banquet room upstairs that has ample room and was elevated in elegance with black table linens and gold napkins. Plenty of room to the bar (at one end of the room) and the buffet at the other end.
We enjoyed the staff very much, there were two older ladies serving the buffet, a dark haired lady helping to take plates away, and the bartender. Everyone we encountered was polite and attentive. It was like being at a family home with your favorite aunt taking care of you.  
The buffet was delicious. We had fresh salad, rolls w butter, baked ziti style pasta, sausage Italian style, fresh al dented green beans, chicken parmigiana and salmon. I thoroughly enjoyed the salmon it was mouthwatering with a fresh lemony taste. Cooked to perfection!  The chicken parmigiana was "melt in your mouth" tender with a robust thick sauce.
If I lived closer I would love to go back as a customer. A bonus is that they have a parking lot in the rear of the restaurant and an additional parking lot across the street on Ashburner Ave.Really good brick-oven pizza, the rest of their fare is just OK. Drinks are a wee bit pricey for  a neighborhood bar, & the wait staff is hit or miss(depends on who you get). If you do get a pizza, make sure you get the sauce on top, cheese on bottom. Parking is limited & tight, so you may have to walk a block or 2.
EDIT:
   They re-opened recently after being closed for several months due to a fire...smaller menu, & VERY high prices...I guess the owner wants the public to help pay for the re-construction. I went recently w/ friends of ours & got a hot roast beef...it was $9, but I figured it would be a $9 sandwich...nope, VERY small, more like a $5 sandwich...it was tasty, but I was still hungry. A $9 sandwich should fill you, bottom line. Won't be going back.Havent been here in a while, someone gave me one of those restaurant.com gift certs a while back so we figured we would stop in, grab dinner and have a drink.  I checked the GC before we went because I know some have restrictions (No weekends, no alcohol, ect...) This one just said "no Saturday nights".  Okay, off we go.  Get there, sit, and get told, "oh sorry, we dont accept these on Friday nights now either".  Okay, fine, our mistake, we stayed and ate - it was good.
Cut to a few months later - there is the GC still collecting dust.  Its a Monday night, heading out to do some shopping, lets use this baby up! Check it again, no expiration, it isnt Friday, lets roll! We arrive to an empty restaurant, get told to "sit wherever" (nice right?). After chatting with the bartender for 15 mins the waitress finally comes over and tells us that they don't accept the certificates AT ALL now. We made the mistake of staying again and the food was horrendous. I had the (frozen) crab cake, my h had a piece of fish that was so dry it looked like jerky. 
No wonder this place has gone thru so many owners and nothing seems to work. It's a shame because it could be a nice place.I had lunch there today with a friend. We sat at the bar along with 3 or 4 other patrons who, had already been served. It took forever to get served and, if we hadn't asked, we probably would still be sitting there! The service was horrible. My friend commented that they must have sent out for our food after they did get around to taking our order.The food was mediocre. I ordered a medium burger that showed up well -done. At that point to much time had passed to make another.  We both had a lunch special. I asked for a slice of onion for my burger and..they charged me for it!! To the management -  lunch hour is typically 60 minutes
As for me...never again!Love Going To The Ashburner Food is Great, Great Bar, Outstanding Service & Very Friendly People. Also Spotless Very Clean!!!!Went for a 40th HS reunion. The food (Roast beef sandwiches, chicken wrap and baked ziti) were very good. My issue is with the cash bar. Ordered the wife a white zinfandel and charged 6 bucks. I think for this place that was a little steep. next time I give the guy a 20 and get 13 back. I say did the price go up? He tries to give me a dollar back from the tip jar. Obviously he did not notice I was not drinking their overpriced drinks. I guess he thought I could not count. I would not have a cash bar at this ripoff. Go downstairs and pay the same price....or just avoid altogether.
My wife and I read the reviews before going and all looked good. She suggested going there with Mom because she lives relatively close. But after experiencing the bartenders trying to rip me off I will never go back there again, high school reunion or otherwise.........count your change!Came here due to getting some coupons on a radio, thought it would be good with all the good reviews, only visited the dining area but the lights were way to bright like they were trying to light the Vegas strip. There was no bead offered. We ordered nachos that looked like vegetables fell out of the sky and on to a plate, lettuce was not shredded and they used nasty cheese sauce. Nothing seemed to be home made not even the soups. Wraps and sandwiches came with bagged chips how nice if you wanted to take them home? Homemade chips would have been awesome. They need to make the dining area better it looked like a open banquet room. I have to say the staff was very friendly and attentive. Also you can hear the cover band from the bar area which was nice.This was my second time at the Ashburner, but my first time back in almost two years. I was pleasantly surprised that my friend and I came on a night where appetizers were high price. Unfortunately, our eyes were much larger than our stomachs, because we ordered way too much! 
For apps we had the mozzarella sticks, which were homemade and delicious, as was the marinara. We also had the cheesesteak eggrolls and my friend had the French onion soup. The cheesyeak eggrolls were relatively greasy, but good nonetheless. 
My friend ordered the burger which she enjoyed and I got the pulled pork sandwich which was one of the best I've had in a while. The pork was very tender and not rough like it can be if not cooked long enough.  
The only negative I would say is that there wasn't a ton of people on a Wednesday night and only one large group and a few small tables of two and the service was petty slow. I was halfway through my sandwich when our waitress came back to check on us so that we could finally ask for ketchup for the burger and fries. Overall a good experience and a place worth grabbing some good food.Great atmosphere and great open mic night on Mondays.  One of the best I have ever attended in 3o years of playing guitar. 
Only drawback is the utterly clueless barmaid who will look you in the eye and as you stand there with money in hand and she'll walk away to talk to someone.  I've been on there with 5-6 friends and she will ask 1 person what they want and then walk away leaving the others with no drink and having to waive her down to only again, she takes a single drink order 
There was only 5 other people there this night which was bewildering to receive such poor service
My advice to management:   Your missing a ton of sales with the current barmaid...  We skipped on ordering dinner and anything past 1 drink as its not worth being ignored .....Went here again for all you can eat crab night.
Very different experience...Service was SLOW, crabs were small and buckets were barely filled, and no cheese with the fries (gasp!) I don't do the crabs so I had a pizza instead and the tomatoes were on the sour side, very under-ripe, not horrible but just not very tasty. The pitcher of beer we ordered came out in a greasy pitcher with some sort of black stuff on the rim too. However the salad I ordered was good and very fresh--had tons of gorgonzola, craisins and raisins.Really good pizza. The outside bar was great tonight, perfect weather. Half priced pies on Tuesday nights. I recommend you check this place out.Food is pretty good, decent beer selection. Sometimes it's a bit of a wait to get a drink refill.I tried to use a restaurant.com certificate that I purchased on Oct.17, 2011. It was not honored because this establishment changed the terms two weeks after my purchase to say they may not be used on Friday/Saturday. By them not allowing me to use it  shows they skirt the law, and they do not meet the contract rules set up by restaurant.com.  and themselves.  I will never return.Decided to give it another try after several years' absence after hearing good things about new owner. Glad to report that quality food is back at the Ashburner. My wife and I  have stopped in 4 times in the last couple months and have really enjoyed the sandwiches, apps and pizza. Irish music on Sunday afternoon was a lot of fun, the new patio is great and Tony is one of the best bartenders in the area. Always attentive and professional. I'd give it 5 stars except the beer menu has very few quality craft beers. Mostly generic stuff on tap. They do have lots of taps so hopefully some will be added. So glad the Ashburner Inn is now back in our rotation of places to visit.We were looking for a place to grab some dinner in Northeast Philly and stumbled across the Ashburner Inn. We figured we'd get a sandwich or some appetizers, typical bar stuff. When we arrived, we were greeted by a really nice dining room. It was bright, cheery and very clean. As we walked to our table, we noticed nearly everyone was eating pizza. When our waitress told us that it was half price pizza night, we understood why. The brick-oven baked pizzas on the surrounding tables looked good and the price was certainly right! So, we ordered 2 pies.
The pizzas were delicious. They were some of the best I've had in a long time. The crust was light and crispy and the variety of topping choice was great. Besides some of the basics like pepperoni, sausage, etc., they also have pizzas with prosciutto and roasted peppers, chicken and blue cheese, buffalo chicken, spinach and roast pork and others. We particularly like the Ashburner which had spinach, roasted red peppers, shredded mozzarella, buffalo mozzarella and prosciutto.
I'm sure the Ashburner Inn has other good food, but I will be back again for the pizza!Best Brick Oven Pizza in the Northeast. Excellent service from bartenders to servers. Awesome happy hour. New sound system is awesome. All T.V.'s are crystal clear. Nice separation between the bar and dining room. 
Can't beat bucket of 5 Miller Lite bottles for $11 during happy hour.
Plenty of free, safe parking. Spotless rest rooms.
Outside deck bar has a great vibe. Great selection of domestic and craft draft  beer.
The owner, Harvey is always running around, making sure everything is running smoothly. Shaking hands and kissing babies.Great atmosphere and great open mic night on Mondays.  One of the best I have ever attended in 3o years of playing guitar. 
Only drawback is the utterly clueless barmaid who will look you in the eye and as you stand there with money in hand and she'll walk away to talk to someone.  I've been on there with 5-6 friends and she will ask 1 person what they want and then walk away leaving the others with no drink and having to waive her down to only again, she takes a single drink order 
There was only 5 other people there this night which was bewildering to receive such poor service
My advice to management:   Your missing a ton of sales with the current barmaid...  We skipped on ordering dinner and anything past 1 drink as its not worth being ignored .....
*****. Update ******
Last night when I was at the Ashburner Inn I was accosted by the barmaid MULTIPLE times over the evening about putting a negative review on Yelp and how dare I say anything bad.  I was also asked by the host of the open mic why a review was put up speaking negatively about the service experienced 
My father was asked LOUDLY about my reviewing who had no idea what he was being asked about 
Management:   I find it unbelievable that your staff and contractors working there find it acceptable behavior to accost patrons coming to spend money at your establishment for speaking their opinions online.  
The review I have reflected the service given.  
I can 100% guarantee I will never frequent your place again if this is the behaviors exhibited by your staffers towards a patron and their guest.One of my favorite places. Never disappointed. Brick fire pizza is so good. The nachos are a good as are the wings.Update - had my rehearsal dinner here and everything was great! My mother in law still talks about how much she loved it and how great the staff was to work with. The food is always great! Love the room/decor. It is definitely a great room to hold an event. Thank you!We went on a Sunday night and the music was so loud you couldn't hear each other screaming a foot away. When the band wasn't playing, it was a good atmosphere. The band was good, just way too loud.
Also, the server didn't know what was on tap. The pizza was yummy though!Bbq pork fries, cheese steak spring rolls, & chicken nachos. Everything was good but the nachos were phenomenal;Best I've ever had! Definitely recommend eating - hanging out here.This is a review of a private party. We had my fiancé's 30th birthday party here. The upstairs room was beautifully decorated, and there was plenty of room to move around. The banquet staff and bartender were so pleasant and efficient at getting our guests drinks and clearing empty plates. The food was awesome! For our menu, we decided on a house salad, sausage and peppers, green beans, baked ziti pasta, chicken parm, and salmon. Rolls and butter were also served. The food was nice and hot and delicious! They also provided coffee and decaf for when we served our own dessert. I would not hesitate to recommend the Ashburner for your next gathering! I wish I lived closer to try them out for lunch or dinner!I love this place.  I just had my daughter's Sweet 16 there last night!  It was awesome!   I highly recommend this place.  The food was great, the staff COULD NOT HAVE BEEN NICER!  The prices were beyond reasonable.  I happen to have dinner downstairs prior to the party and really happy with the food and service downstairs.  Make sure you try this place out!
JOEY CALLAHANIt was our first time there & we like it. It's outdoor seating & our waitress is a sweetheart. The food were good & we enjoyed our lunch. Will be back soon.Their Brick Oven pizzas are so good! The Margarita Pizza was what we ordered and everything we ordered was good. The atmosphere here is great, bar style and the service is friendly and attentive. Good place!I can't believe I forgot to review this place and I don't have the pictures on here. I was here once before for a baby shower. We came for all you can eat crab legs this time on a Monday night and decided to sit outside. I love the deck outside did the weather is right. I think Lauren was our waitress and she was awesome. We started with nachos- the cheese sauce is good. Then we had all you can eat crabs. I can put down some crabs so we were there awhile. Our waitress always checked on us to see if we needed anything else and our drinks were always filled. The have a good beer list too I think I drank summer shandy. The crabs were so good and meaty, that I haven't stopped thinking about them and can't wait to go back Monday. I had the old bay crabs and my bf the garlic- both were really good. This is definitely my new spot on Mondays.Just attended a painting event in the upstairs area which looks beautiful and is handicap accessible. The white sangria was great. I didn't eat but food looked great. There was a small banquet downstairs and bar area filling up. The place was nicely laid out and had a great design. I would definitely go back.I have been to Ashburner's several time at and truly enjoyed each time the pizza is great and the service very good. Good job you guys keep it up . sorry I don't have a pick for got to take it will update it when I go back