Lovely sushi & great Thai. My favorite place near my work to go on dinner break. They have some of the best sushi in Philly & they have brown rice too. David is just an amazing sushi artist!This is my favorite Chinese and Japanese restaurant by far. Me and my husband go there twice a week. They are awesome. When I am dieting..they make me special food that I love.. The owners and staff are the best.they go out of there way to make you feel like you are home.. Leelee is my favorite waitress the most sweetest loving person you can meet. Came in after surgery and she made sure I was ok and if I needed anything. She was here for me. Absolutley love her.  If you want somewhere to go with incredible food and best service you can get. Trust me you will not be disappointed. Love it here so much, are second homeGreat Gen Sho Chicken. They also let me substitute a pizza roll instead of an egg roll.Best sushi around!!! We've been coming here for years & have never found any place that compares to it. The food is great (especially the sushi) and so is the service. Love it!!Awesome food, everything I've got from here has been great. By far the best Asian food I've had in the whole city.This food was pretty good. My wife and I ordered curry and general Tso chicken. The general Tso was so good one of the best we've ever had. The curry was good jus disappointed that they forgot the rice, but were nice to bring it without any extra cost. The ice tea... don't fall for it. It was not worth the $4, it was watered down and tasted like colored water. Overall a pleasant experience, we will order again.Awesome!!!
I feel very fortunate to have them in my neighborhood.
The bone in spare ribs are the best!!!  The combo meals are a great deal too!
Always friendly, clean and prompt with the orders.  I've been going for years and I'm never disappointed.
A.W.Have only ever had takeout from Asian Bamboo so can not speak to restaurant atmosphere.  The takeout has always been good.  They offer a selection of Chinese, Thai and Japanese dishes.  I have tried each and the Chinese options are favorites.  The spring rolls are not greasy and flavorful.  The ribs are delicious albeit sometimes meatier than others.  What I like most is the staff is very accommodating and are willing to steam many dishes and serve sauces on the side.  It is our goto takeout place for basic, but well done Chinese fair.Like a crazy person, I ordered take-out on Valentine's day. This place had enough good reviews to try it for myself. We ordered a little off of each menu, and had sushi, crab rangoons, scallion pancakes, veggie fried rice, and pad thai. We asked for veggie rice with no mushrooms.
When I went in to pick up, the place was crowded, but had a good energy to it. It appeared clean, and I really liked seeing it in person vs. looking at the photos. I nice, tidy set up. The food was ready to go. I waited a two minutes for the guy ahead of me to check out.
The sushi was legit. I've lived in LA and have traveled to Japan. It has been hard to get good sushi outside of New York on the East Coast. I'm glad I now know about this place.  
I was impressed by the rangoons. They were light, and not at all greasy, which seems to happen a lot with crab rangoons.
My wife liked the scallion pancakes and pad thai. The rice was good.
All in all, I will be ordering from here again. A very nice find at the back of a strip mall parking lot. I wish them continued success and consistency.We usually just order take out from this place for delivery, food is pretty good not oily like the usual chinese take out, untill one time we got the bill and noticed 
"delivery charge" $1
"fuel charge"  $0.75"
So the next time we only tipped the guy $1 and he actually asked us for more tip????
*So the only time we order now is if it's pouring rain or snowing and they'll get their EXTRA tipI absolutely love this place. I get sweet potato rolls at every sushi place I go to and theirs is by far the best. I can't even find decent peanut avocado rolls in lower bucks county, so I drive 15 down 95 to get their food. Definitely worth the trip every time, and everyone there has always been so nice. Love them.this place has really good but cheap! I order the spicy salmon roll and pork gyoza. this is one of my go to places!We like this place! It's close to home and it satisfies cravings for sushi, Chinese, and Thai. Admittedly the sushi isn't the best... but it's pretty decent. My favorite dish is the eggplant on the Thai menu. Also like their tom yum soup. We've picked up and eaten in. Dining room is comfy, causal.Just finished eating and hurried up to write a review. Everything was exactly as I ordered. Precisely, clean, fresh and delicious. They made the adjustments I requested to every meal, conversation with the representative was comfortable (unlike with some of Chinese restaurants). 
Delivery came on the time they promise.Everything about this local jem is charming. From the friendly staff to the reasonable prices. Hands down the best sushi in town! Also recommend trying there Thai selection.Ding Ho is a Chinese/Japanese restaurant in my neighborhood that I often order food from and sometimes go to for lunch.  Honestly, the place is pretty run down inside/tacky (not a total dump, but they could use some redecoration), the food is only so-so (edible and sort of good, but not the best I've had), and the staff often has a hard time understanding me when I call to place an order for delivery.  The delivery guy also has a penchant for showing up at my place with an order for someone else because I guess he assumes that, since I've ordered delivery before, the order must be mine (and I don't order from there all that often - maybe once a month or so).  So that tells you that the staff gets a little confused about things.  But they're friendly.  And, honestly, there's no other place in the area where I can get sushi and/or have sushi delivered.  So I keep ordering from them.  However, they do have very good Chinese bbq ribs, so I always make sure to get a small order of them, even if I'm getting sushi.  Anyway, if you're in the neighborhood and don't want to drive really far for sushi, and you're willing to settle for passable sushi, then I'd say order from Ding Ho.I have been coming here when in the area over the course of many years. It is always great.
1) Love the food. Very delicious.
2) Enough said: Their Sushi is great and the pieces are big.
3) Their other Asian dishes are also great.
4) Tom Yum Göng soups is amazing.
5) Overall, great!!!!Sushi is perfection every time! I been coming here since they opened five years ago.  All ways fresh and made to order!!I love Bamboo house I will eat in or order out at at least once a week, great Chinese, Thai and one of the few places in the northeast for good sushi!!Asian bamboo was a pleasant surprise. We've been by here a million times and tonight was the night we  gave it a shot.
We arrived around 5:00 and we were the only ones in the restaurant. Normally that's not a good sign, I just think we were early. We started with seaweed salad, edamame and the house salad. The ginger dressing was some of the best we've had. The seaweed salad and edamame were good just about any other place. I went with the spider roll and shrimp tempura. The wife went with spicy crab and crazy roll. The sushi was super fresh and delicious. My only complaint would be a bit too much eel sauce. Other than that they were spot on.
Their prices are a bit on the higher end for both the salads and sushi. This isn't one of this half off places. They do offer Japanese, Thai and Chinese which is awesome. Our server was very nice and efficient. We will return. Solid 3 starsThis place ues to have really great food. I think it has new owners and it's horrible.  The service is poor and the quality of the food has plummeted. My co worker and I use to go at least twice a week. I will be brown bagging my lunch and have ventured to the Boulevard for other options.The price is good, the restaurant area is clean, the services is good. Nothing special but a good place to get standard Chinese food. The sushi is made fresh at the bar and it is generally good. I never had food from the Thai menu but there is a wide variety offered. I would recommend this restaurant for someone looking for standard sushi or chinese food.Without a doubt " ONE OF THE BEST ASIAN RESTAURANTS in the Philadelphia area " . The diverse menu allows you to try a variety of dishes that you would normally have to go to a specialized restaurant to try. The sushi was delicious excellent ; fresh & prepared perfectly . The soft shell crab ( my personal favorite ) was as good as any seafood restaurant .. better even . The service was impeccable . Emily was our server & she was informative & friendly. If you enjoy good Asian cuisine then you're missing out on a hidden gem in northeast Philadelphia. ASIAN BAMBOO is located on State Road between Linden Avenue & Grant Avenue . By the way , it's a BYOB .Great place and delicious sushi - Sakura Roll and Naruto Roll are among the best in town.As an Asian I am crazy over fried rice and obviously have been to a lot of restaurants and even attempted to make one myself. But by golly they make fried rice so tasty! It has a full size shrimp with awesome flavor. I am so glad they are so close to home. Easy way to love the new neighborhood! Thumbs up. Oh and plus they make it spicy for me juuuuust right.This is one of our "go to" restaurants for good Thai, Sushi or Chinese food although we don't generally eat a lot of the Chinese dishes they're all good. I have yet to have a meal I wasn't completely satisfied with here. Bring a bottle of wine to enjoy or even some kids and they are so accommodating. It's nice to be treated so well and promptly then also get good food. I love the maki combos they are always good and well priced. My girlfriend swears by pad Thai and the miso soup. Not fancy but very friendly.Goto take out because its around the corner. The food is good. It can be a bit overpriced but i dont have to tip a delivery driver so it equals out.  I generally get a combo platter and the amount of food is normally decent. the egg rolls are good as well. The dumplings leave a lot to be desired. The soup is good. Typical Chinese food takeout spotfoods are fantastic and awesome i oder couple of times a week since move philiy i recommend  this restaurantSo tonight I  just ordered from this establishment  and Just order several few dishes that I wanted to try out and I was not disappointed. Definitely looking forward to ordering from them again. Now for the details. I received a phone call from them and they had explained to me the differences of the dishes just so I would understand completely exactly what I was ordering I felt that was a very good customer service and it made me feel important. Which is exactly what customer service should be like you want to make the customer you're dealing with steel special attentive and courteous. I'm definitely looking forward to ordering from them again and also possibly visit as wellOutstanding food; everything made fresh. Highly recommend.  They serve Chinese, Thai, and Japanese cuisine.  No longer called Ding Ho, now Asian Bamboo House.  Treat yourselves to some great Asian food.  Enjoy!I've been going to/ordering from Asian Bamboo House for 10 years. I usually order sushi and their food and service has been excellent and consistent.  It is a great place to go with friends and a bottle of wine!We got an assortment of appetizers first, we got the fried gyoza, scallion pancakes & the satay beef which was my favorite! The waiter recommended the scallion pancakes and we're so glad we tried it! It was one of the best crispy pastry we've ever had and will continue to get it when we return. The satay beef was different. It was marinated very well, I loved the coconut taste and the sauce that comes with it! It was delicious. We tried a couple of different rolls of sushi one which was the traditional raw tuna roll which I felt could have been more fresh but all good. The King Lobster Roll was phenomenal as well as the The Black Dragon Roll and my fiancé's favorite was Summer Deep Fried Roll. We tried their Romba ice cream which was yummy too. 
The staff was so nice and attentive. We also left our card after paying and called the next day and they kept it safe and made sure it was returned to right person by checking iD. I thought that was cool. We highly recommend and next time we'll explore the menu a little more since their selection is huge. They have Chinese, Thai and Japanese all on the menu. Check them outGreat food and quick delivery. Their sushi is good and they actually use real chicken in their Chinese and Thai food.Food was horrible.
I ordered a House fried rice and it was soggy as day old Corn Flakes!
I also ordered extra shrimp. I guess that means literally 2 extra shrimp 
The delivery guy is a bumbling idiot. If you are gonna live in America at least attempt to learn English!I stopped in for lunch and had a surprisingly nice experience. Don't be foled by the exterior, the inside is quite pleasant. We ate sushi and Thai. The Thai didn't look as good as the sushi was. I got the lunch special: $11.50 for three rolls, which was a great deal. It was well presented and tasted fresh. 
My only complaint was the Thai dish came out a good 5 minutes before the two sushi orders. But not a big deal.Every time we come here we are received with such care and Lindt. My husband and I always sit by the sushi bar and they always give us the most small plates on the house !! The quality of the food is amazing!Food Is like always, incredible​.   My girlfriend and I come here often.   The food is great.  Prices are good.  People are friendly and service is fast.  The mei fun and the sweet and sour chicken always make me feel like a kid in a candy store.I've had an intense craving for sushi for a few weeks now but hadn't made it out for any. This is the only place nearby that would deliver to me, so I gave them a shot. 
Delivery was fast but the sushi looked like what you can pick up in a grocery store....and didn't taste much better either. :( I ordered a maki combo c but couldn't even tell the difference between the tuna and salmon. And none of them were spicy at all. 
I might try their Chinese another night but I won't order sushi in again.So I decided to try other dishes today. I order the pad  Thai and hubby order shrimp with broccoli. I enjoy my pad thai, though a little dry but still tasty with lime. Hubby hate the shrimp with broccoli. He says the dish is very dry. He found a little more sauce at the bottom but it's just not enough.Hit or miss with take out. More hit than miss, but eat in always seems more fresh and tasty. Love their spicy basil chicken, pahd Thai, generals chicken, sesame chicken, wonton soup, chicken lo mein,  house mustard, sushi and egg rolls. Would give them 5 stars if the food was consistent and always the quality I know they are capable of. Maybe it's the difference in cooks, but sometimes it's below their standard, not bad, just not their best.They delivered food today at nursing home in Bensalem with a cockroach in it. Department of Health is informed as well. We have the pictures too.Always enjoy eating here. Very welcoming staff   Had fried dumplings and curry shrimp with white rice. Our friend had lo mein. Very good this is close by and we will be backOrder pad thai, Tom yum goong, and dancing eel roll earlier during lunch, now I'm ordering again for dinner lol. I absolutely love the food today, pad thai were nice and saucy(make sure you make the saucy note when placing your order). Tom yum goong were perfect as usual. Today must be my lucky day, because tom yum goong have extra straw mushrooms which I love.
 I was skeptical about their sushi due to the other reviews but I'm glad I gave it a try. Dancing eel roll are the bomb, taste great with soy sauce. It was so good that I'm ordering again for dinner along with other rolls I like to try. Also order the green tea ice cream for dessert.This is my go to take out restaurant in the lower Mayfair area. They have delivery.  The food taste fresh and is good.  This is also a nice dine in restaurant. There are many chinese restaurants around but, the majority aren't that good. I'm very picky too. I would have given 5 stars but, the portions could be better. Recently I mentioned this when ordering. Overall, it's one of the best in area.Tasty simple fare. Great ambience and food. A return trip for sure.I have a sudden crave for dumplings today. So I went on GH, and found Asian Bamboo House. They carry a little more varieties of dumplings(pork or chicken)/gyoza(pork with veg). As a Asian(most of asian), I loves soup. Besides ordering fried chicken dumplings and steam gyoza, I also order tom yum goong (think I spell wrong).
           I was a little nervous about tom yum, most Chinese delivery joint in NE philly just doesn't make authentic goong. Tom yum goong is suppose to have that sour, spicy, and lemongrass flavor. 
          When I receive my delivery order, by the looks of the goong, doesn't look right, but after I open the lid, I smell a heavy lemongrass and cilantro flavor!! I LOVE CILANTRO!! I immediately took a spoonful of soup, and YUM. It lacks that sour flavor but with cilantro added I'm good. I absolutely love their steam gyoza and my daughter enjoy the fried chicken dumplings. I will love to write more, but me and my baby both got the "itis" gotta take that nap after a good meal ZzzzzzThis place is now called the Bamboo house and I'm a regular here. I love the Thai food here, as well as the sushi. They have Chinese, Thai, and Japanese food. My usual order is either the Thai hot and sour soup and Panang curry, or the sushi deluxe. I must eat here at least once a week.  My only complaint about it is they're not open on Monday.This place doesn't get enough credit. Whenever I order (whether delivery or pickup), I get exactly what I ask for. If I ask for no wasabi, they do it. Delivery is always efficient as well. I've tried multiple types of specialty rolls as well, and I'm never disappointed. The Tiger roll in particular is delicious. Overall, you get quality and quantity with great customer service here.Iam beyond upset. My favorite sushi restaurant for the last 7 years.  
Had dinner here for my birthday the last 5 years. In a year: monthly dinners with girlfriends, my parents' anniversary, my sister's bachelorette dinner. 
Today for my birthday, 14 adults & 6 kids. Made a reservation last week & confirmed Friday. I asked if I can bring pizza & fries for kids. Over the phone they said ok, even put me on hold to speak with the manager. 
When we arrived today, lady behind the desk (same person I spoke over the phone twice) was beyond rude. 
She said: too much food, we are taking a table for kids that other costumers could use. We were there 1pm, we were the only one in the restaurant. We left 2:15pm, there were 2 other couples in the restaurant. 
My guests felt not welcomed & not comfortable. 
I spent $270  in a little over an hour. 
Iam going to miss always great food & amazing waitresses!Have ordered from here few times. It's always been timely delivery. They have Chinese, Japanese and Thai food on their menu. Limited thai selection but they're all soo good. Spicy Thai curry and rice is comfort food for me. Although it's not a curry, their Thai chicken is excellent. Have never been disappointed with their sushi either. One of the better Asian restaurant in the area.I can't wait for this place to open back up!! The best Chinese food in the area, it's such a gamble ordering anywhere else. Especially the sushi!! The holiday roll is amazing with seaweed salad on top. I can't wait to try their Thai food next timeA friendly neighborhood restaurant. Chinese, Thai and Japanese dishes are all good, service, prices and atmosphere are all comfortable. Portions are large. BYOB. A reliably pleasant place for dinner.I have been coming here when in the area over the course of many years. It is always great.
1) Love the food. Very delicious.
2) Enough said: Their Sushi is great and the pieces are big.
3) Their other Asian dishes are also great.
4) Tom Yum Göng soups is amazing.
5) Overall, great!!!!Large portions, on time and decent quality.
The biggest sweet potato roll I've ever had  and a pretty large spicy tuna roll too. I asked for extra crunchy flakes. 
The delivery arrived early.
Tom Kah (Thai Coconut Milk Soup) was good, lemongrass flavor was nice. It was a little spicy for me so next time I'll ask for extra coconut milk added to mellow it out. 
Great deal of food for like $20This place is always a pleaser!!! There food is always fresh, and there dumplings are thinner and melt in your mouth. Nothing worse then a thick dumpling . They always accommodate my quirky ordering. Delivery is fast.I love this place! Sushi is amazing, either delivery or dine in the food always good!Let me start by saying I've frequented this place multiple times and up until tonight my husband I actually enjoyed the food but today I had a less than good experience. On June 29th I ordered take out there in which my order was not correct. I called them immediately and informed them of their mistake in which they told me that they would keep my information for a future visit and would make my correctly for my next visit. Fast forward to today in which I call them to put in an order and remind them of my previous experience with my incorrect order just to be told they have no record of it. I understand that they may be busy but do not tell a customer that you will make something right and then not honor your word. In the end the manger made it right after saying to me "I'm trusting you and I'll take your word for it". This left me feeling really insulted as if I would lie to get an $8.50 order of shrimp lo mein. When it comes to customer service, I was not impressed with the way this was handled and they were willing lose a repeat customer over $8.50. A customer can always overlook when you make a mistake even if you correct it but they never forget how you made them feel.Great food. Second time here! Can't recall what I had last time, but today I had scallion pancakes and beef satay! Really good and quick service. Menu has a nice selection to choose from.I joined yelp just to review this place...Their food is made fresh and the old fashioned way. Every place in the area has bland and oddly yellow fried rice which I can never eat, this place has fresh made fried rice made the way I grew up on, it is great!!! The other foods I get like the hot and sour soup, is wonderful...It is smooth, and sour, then the heat slowly creeps up the back of your throat...not so hot it burns your tongue off, just a really nice smooth slow warmth that just heats your whole body up..it is so good..I am not into too much hot stuff, but this is really tasty, and the mushrooms are good quality and fresh, they are excellent in this soup. Every thing I have ordered has been great, fresh,and really good quality. They also have great Thai and Japanese food, plenty of choices of sushi and sashimi...I think they are  also very pleasant when taking orders on the phone also. This place is great, I hope they stay for a long time, they are absolutely worth it!!!Me and my hubby were fascinated with their dinning area last week when I placed a order for pick up. We have to dine in this week We were greeted by the sushi chef and our waitress and we're seated at a very comfortable booth.
We started with Tom yum goong, scallion pancake, pizza rolls, gyoza, and the fried chicken dumplings. We absolutely love the soup and our appetizers. Then came our lunches. Hubby order shrimp with broccoli and I got the 3 rolls sushi lunch. Hubby enjoy his shrimp with broccoli very much this time. I also like my sushi lunch. Finally, we share Exotic Bomba(ice cream), absolutely delicious. We will be back....There comes a point when good food and reasonable prices just do not matter. I have ordered from this establishment three times. First time ordering I called for pick up. Second time I called in for delivery and the third time I placed an order on GrubHub for delivery. Just for the record, my family and I order basically the same thing every time. Being allergic to ginger, I always request no wasabi or ginger in the container with the sushi as well as brown rice in place of white rice.
  First time everything was great! No mistakes, food was delicious! So obviously we would order again at some point. 
  Second time, I requested a large side of sweet and sour sauce and they sent me a large container of duck sauce. Also did not add the cream cheese I requested in the avocado roll, however charged me for said cream cheese. Even though I had the employee read back my order, they still were able to screw it up. 
  Third time, (today) even after providing extensive instructions on GrubHub, they still managed to mess up our order. As always, I requested there not be ginger or wasabi in the container with the sushi. I also called to be sure they understood. Had the employee repeat the order back to me to be sure. Over an hour later the food arrived. This time with a ridiculous amount of wasabi and ginger in the sushi container. I called them immediately, spoke with a female employee, explained I could not eat the sushi because of the ginger touching more than half of the rolls. They apologized and told me they would bring new asap. Unfortunately I had to pick my daughter up from school early, therefore when the delivery driver arrived I was not home. He then called my phone, I asked him to just leave the new sushi in our mailbox (very weird request I know). The driver said something I did not understand so I asked him what he brought back. He said he brought more wasabi and ginger. At this point I am beyond frustrated. I told the man I didn't want it, and not to leave it there. 
  Needless to say, we will not be ordering from there ever again. In my opinion, they should work on their communication skills to avoid this happening to other customers.I should've reviewed this place sooner since I've been coming here since they opened. Their sushi is delicious and very fresh, and their prices are reasonable. The staff is friendly and the restaurant is clean and pleasant if you dine in. One of the best spots in this neighborhood, highly recommended!!Maybe its covid? But the last 2 times I have ordered, and this is my FAV place...wrong soup, no noodles for the soup, pork fried rice is absent of the pork and too few veggies.
I hope they get it together because we don't have that many choices out here...Large portions, on time and decent quality.
The biggest sweet potato roll I've ever had  and a pretty large spicy tuna roll too. I asked for extra crunchy flakes. 
The delivery arrived early.
Tom Kah (Thai Coconut Milk Soup) was good, lemongrass flavor was nice. It was a little spicy for me so next time I'll ask for extra coconut milk added to mellow it out. 
Great deal of food for like $20
*Update - Kinda disappointing Lunch Specials - skimpy on fish (mix a lot of crunch into spicy rolls to use less fish) and shrimp tempura roll is literally just piece of fried shrimp (traditional shrimp tempura rolls usually have cucumber, lettuce, and/or avocado).When we got Delivery from here, it was good (hot Thai and Chinese food). So we came in for sushi. Bad call. First, their sushi is garbage. They are not Japanese and clearly have no idea how to make it. The rolls are too big to bite whole and come drenched in mayo (probably to hide the fact that the fish isn't fresh). Worse, when we brought it up, the waitress said we didn't know what we were ordering (we're regulars at Vic, in NY, Seattle and LA). Then she said we ordered too much. She then refused to take the bad rolls we complained about off the check and when we made a stink, the manager came by and gave us a whopping 10% off...and still wouldn't take the bad rolls off the check.
Awful customer service is why we wont order hot food from them again and will never come back. Chinese and Thai is good enough...and when you're caught making something you should have poorly, at least admit it and try to do the right thing. The customer is always right. It's the American way.Food was not bad, General Tso chicken tasted more like sweet and sour chicken and not spicy enough.  It's still not bad compaired with other chinese restaurant around the area.Make sure you audit your check, and if paying with a card make sure they match up. They over charged me two different times. Food is great. And service is always good. The miss-billing is a little off putting. So that's why the four stars.Ordered takeout late on Friday night when I was being indecisive about dinner. I ordered salmon & avocado sushi rolls, shrimp chow mein, and tom kah gai soup. I recently relocated from Los Angeles where the food is a lot different. The sushi rolls were pretty good, the chow mein was clear noodles with no taste, and the soup was not the same type of coconut milk soup I am used to. It was convenient but I will not be going back.Kind of new to the parkwood area. I've been trying different asian take out and this one has really got me interested. Sushi was fresh and packaged separately from my hot food order.  I'll definitely be ordering again!I found it very amazing that our waitress recognized me and hubby even after 3 years, WOW!!! We used to get delivery very often when we lived closer to the restaurant delivery range. Since we moved out of their range, we order far less than used to. Today we decided to go back. The restaurant is the same 3 years ago but with seasonal holiday decorations added. 
Asian Bamboo House served Chinese, Japanese, and Thai cuisines. Many restaurants lack one or the other when they mix cuisines. For example, many fusion restaurant is ok with Chinese food, but their Thai or Japanese are lacking or vice versa. ABH is actually pretty balanced, well at least in my opinion, their Chinese, Japanese, and Thai cuisines are all pretty good. 
Our stables are pizza rolls, scallion pancake, shrimp with broccoli, tom yum soup, and mongolian beef. 
Their scallion pancake crust taste like it was deep fried than pan-fried. Tom yum soup is the BEST in NE Philly, not better than the authentic Thai but is way better than other fusion restaurants. 
ABH also serves some very interesting desserts such as fried green tea ice cream, bomba, exotic bomba, coppa pina collatta etc..... 
P.S. It is not authentic cuisines!! It is more Americanized.Okay so let me start off by saying I purposely ordered food I hadn't tasted before therefore I will not be judging this review off of taste. 
With that being said the sushi was fresh and good (not great). It was on the mushier side which its ingredients hadn't hinted at. 
The fried rice (added onion and egg) was delicious. I believe it's just brown rice but it was still good. 
Now for the entree it's a no for me. The look was off putting as the chicken wasn't chucks of identifiable chicken breast but some thin boiled looking piece that texture was weird to taste. Now as I stated earlier both the sushi and entree where knew to me. Yes I've had and love sushi so I know what I'm looking for.
With that being said the sauce tasted like dirty water, had a grey like color and was bland not good at all. 
I will order again because I truly believe had I stuck with familiar I would have enjoyed my meal. I don't feel the restaurant should be penalized just cause I don't like what I ordered. Food arrived timely was still hot. No utensils though.This is my friends go to sushi place. I would say some of the rolls are very good and some are just ok. The ones they suggested I liked a lot. Some of the rolls I ordered the flavor combinations were kind of weird. I usually love eel in my sushi, but it seemed less tasty here. That's what you get for trying something new. The fish was very fresh though which is a primary concern when ordering sushi! 
I tried a Thai curry soup that had good flavor but the ingredients left something to be desired compared to other Thai soups I've had before. The soup was mostly bell pepper and chewy boiled chicken. Something I would probably not order again. 
I would defiantly come back, but just be more selective in my choices next time!