Finally! A raw food restaurant/cafe in Philadelphia!!! While I've been to One Lucky Duck in NYC, this place is definitely less commercialized and true to raw roots. They focus on basic healthy veggies, fruits, and seaweed and pair them with amazing flavors like their perfected Tahini dressing. I loved their cauliflower salad and the tuna sala which is actually carrots and hijiki seaweed (trust me, it tasted nothing like the sea).  Also, the owners are so nice, as are the staff. They rotate their menu daily which is neat since you can never get bored of the food. Also, having some non raw menu items makes it easier to bring a friend who isn't into raw foods. They can definitely expand, and they are going to! The are working on a juice bar and possibly some dehydrated raw foods. I can't wait!
Oh, and the prices are reasonable and not any more expensive than fast food. Drinks and dessert can bump up your tab, but be smart about it ;) Sharing works wonders.This place is also great for people who aren't vegans. I had a really delicious and reasonably priced salmon and goat cheese sandwich on a buttery croissant. I also had sorrel as my beverage (which was also such a freaking treat because I'm yet to find decent Caribbean ANYTHING in Philly).
The people in there are really nice, kind of.. off; but in a really warm, touching, pleasant way.This place is awesome! I had the Traditional Omelette with no cheese and it was delicious with just the right amount of spice. I also like that they give you whole wheat bread by default. Also, after eating in California, this place is a great bargain.Delicous healthy food. My go to item is the wrap with coucous, ginger beets, and jerk mushrooms. I've also had curry squash soup which is absolutely delicious.Restaurant is clean, staff are pleasant and food is excellent! I came alone the first time and had a wrap with authentic Atiya Ola raw veggies. I came back on a double-date with my husband and another couple and we all thoroughly enjoyed stir fry dishes made with our favorite veggies and brown rice! The stir fry servings are plentiful (we all had leftovers the next day) and desserts are an added treat - carrot cake, lemon pineapple cake and chocolate cake are all vegan and absolutely delicious! Whether you're vegan, vegetarian, or just love good quality food, try Atiya Ola's! You will not be disappointed.They're service and food are great! Get the chocolate cake, stir fry, and ginger pressed juice.The food here is seasoned to perfection, bursting with rich and unique flavors. The woman who runs the small cafe is also very friendly and more than willing to help you with the menu. It's a bit on the pricey side ($10 for a wrap) but well worth it, as you can taste that it's made from hand with authentic, fresh ingredients.Mama Atiya makes food I never thought I'd eat taste absolutely amazing!!! It's a warm family environment that had me feeling like I grew up with everyone I met. What a beautiful community establishment!My friend and I have went out to this place the other afternoon. It was her first time and my second time. We ate in, which was a first for us both. The service provided was friendly. The food was absolutely delish and filling (had half of the wrap for lunch today). My friend had a salmon salad and a salad on the side. I had a salmon wrap with seaweed on the side. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who would like some good healthy food to eat.Great service, great food, I had the tempeh sausage & it was awesome, I had 1 spicy & 1 regular & even the regular was pretty spicy.  It's right across from yoga which is great.  I'd definitely go back if I were back in the area.  Just be sure to have a lot of time because it takes awhile to get your food.Good healthy stuff.  Good portiions.  Liked the moss apple juice.  The food is not completely "raw" if that's what you're looking for..  ie, hummus was listed under the raw selections.  And some of the dressings would not be considered raw by raw foodie standards.  Cute place and friendly staff.The cucumber lemonade is amazingly refreshing. They have an assortment of other drinks that I will be trying the next time I'm in the area. Reasonably priced as well. Check it out!Great food, great convo and you always learn something new here! Some of the best vegan food I've had in west philly.Wonderful, wonderful service! Very clean. I only got a vegan sweet potato muffin and some tea, and they were great.
I plan on coming back. My only issue is the vegan pancakes are served with meat on the side (?), which is a shame because I'd love to get some pancakes! I wish they'd offer some veggies on the side instead.
Other than that, it's a really nice place in a great location.Yum! This place is delicious. They have new fresh raw veggie options everyday. Its small, cozy and interestingly decorated. There is a pinkish mask on the wall that I always enjoy looking at. My favorite raw dishes are the seaweed and lentil options. I wish they sold the tahini sauce they offer with the raw dishes. Its super. As you can tell, this place is a favorite of mine, but It took me a while to get my daughter to come with me because she is not vegetarian. Eventually she decided to try it and was surprised at how many items she liked on the menu (there are a bunch of non-raw, non-veg items too). Now after having a breakfast of an omelet with cheese and turkey bacon with a nantucket nector juice, she is sold! I recommend Atiya Ola's for a chill Saturday morning breakfast before or after the farmers market.A warm, family-owned establishment that is truly a gem to find. I went in for the first time last fall and I'm now a regular. The food is so delicious that it is hard to remember that it is all natural, vegan and raw. 
Even though many of my meat-eating, fast-food-loving friends have been here and really enjoyed it too, I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to someone who is new to the whole good health thing- may be intimidating. 
My recommendations: couscous, jerk mushrooms, slaw, beets, and zucchini bread are amazing.Definitely a unique place to have brunch in West Philly. Wanted to try something other than your standard pancakes/omelette/etc. breakfast items and enjoyed branching out at Atiya Ola's.
Their menu offers a mix of 'traditional' brunch options that are spruced up a little bit (home fries are actually sweet potatoes, cheese choices include goat and asiago...). We tried their breakfast bowl and pancakes platter, both of which came out  hot and were well seasoned. They have hands down the best turkey bacon I have ever tried, which was a very pleasant surprise.
We also tried a 12-item raw food sampler (at just $1 each), which was interesting to say the least! The wide range of things we tried include brussel sprout pate, cous cous, jerk mushrooms, and much more. Most of these were decent, a couple were great, and only one was gross. Overall, a nice way to try some unique items at a fair price.
Food took quite a while to come out, but who's in a rush on Sunday during brunch? 
Will be back when we're in the mood for something different!
PS: Saw someone at another table order a wrap with a few items they picked off of the raw food menu and it looked huge and DELICIOUS! Definitely trying that next time!When I stopped by expecting to get a quick fruit blend snack, I was a little surprised.  The man behind the counter told me that smoothies were not available to order, but sea moss smoothies that had been made fresh earlier were available in the fridge.  I blinked and thought, what the...?!   But, he was so nice and explained the history of sea moss (tons of nutrients that kept the Irish alive through the famine) and all the different flavors that I opted to try the blueberry moss smoothie...the large.  And it was pretty great - not super sweet or fruity, but definitely a refreshing, healthy drink.I am not seeking raw food usually....but I had seen Atiya Ola's offerings at the Dollar Stroll and became intrigued.
When I went, I got the 3/$9 raw delicious food combo. I ordered kale, mushrooms and Party Slaw. ALL DELICIOUS. 
and the food is not delicious in the way youd think a cheeseburger from wendy's is delicious. very unique, deep flavors..hearty tasting but not filling. especially for vegetables?? like, youd never think they were raw. very...meaty? yeasty? flavors. 
the atmosphere was very cafe like...and i guess for the price, i would have hoped for a bit more. 
either way, i was happy to try a new type of food and pleased with the fllavors and unique experience.I've avoided this restaurant for a long time because I'm not a vegan/vegetarian/raw foodie and thought that was all they had. Turns out that's not the case! I had a delicious salmon sandwich and my friend had a nice, fresh salmon salad-- big old chunks of salmon perfectly cooked! It's not particularly cheap, but the ingredients are all really fresh and delicious, and they have outdoor seating which is nice. The guy behind the counter was really friendly, I don't know who was the server for some of the other reviewers, but this guy was seriously nice and helpful. Since it was only him, the service was pretty slow, but it was a nice sunny day so I didn't mind too much. I'll be back!I arrived to a very crowded restaurant Saturday night and evidently there was some conflict between the kitchen and the reception at the register. The chef was not happy and was having words with who I assumed was management. I was standing there barely acknowledged for at least 10 minutes. When they got around to dealing with me, I had already decided eating here tonight was not going to be a good idea. On two previous occasions I should have written a review giving them at least 4 stars because the food was absolutely delicious (9 item sampler platter) and the service was attentive. However, this night I was amazed that they could have someone in breathing distance and simply ignore them. I will go again hoping their people skills come up a notch!Excellent food.  Nice owners. Great environment.   I can't praise this place enough.  I have been coming here for years and I have never been disappointed.Warm, personable, and friendly atmosphere. quality raw food, excellent raw desserts and juices. You may think service is not the fastest, but this is a place where a lot of care is put into each order, always made at the moment. Genuine, quality raw food, best in the city. "Laid back" service (euphemism), sometimes a bit too much so.If you just moved to Philadelphia and you are trying to eat better, go here! Usually owner is there to tell you the benefits of their water, wraps, ingredients etc.This place is adorable.  My boyfriend and I went there for breakfast a while ago and we sat outside.  It's such a friendly neighborhood coffee place filled with spirit and good food.
I haven't had the raw food yet but I'm really really excited to try it out.  I feel like I can trust them.  While I don't normally go there for my morning coffee, I like to stop in and grab a vegan cookie from time to time.  They are always willing to answer your questions about the food and they often have good specials.
Good breakfast place if that's your thing (it's definitely my thing) AND the prices aren't outrageous either.  They are in fact quite reasonable.  My man and I had two really large breakfasts and the bill was only a little over $20.  You really can't beat that.Came here last week while in town for a weekend conference. Whoa I didn't expect it to be that good! Upon entering I noticed the small restaurant resembled a cozy kitchen/dining of a close aunt who knows how to throw down in the kitchen! I was greeted by a two women, one older whom I will assume is the head chef and owner as I seen shuffle back and forth in the kitchen. The younger woman helped me with my order. 
SN: she had the most beautiful golden skin! It must be all the healthy food she ingests. I digress, anyways.....
So I ordered the jerk fish stir-fry, with kale, quinoa and her suggestion of party slaw to go. It was a bit of a wait (roughly 20mins) but so worth it! Just know that the time it takes for them to cook it up, its being made with love. That is the only way that I can describe such amazing food. The styrofoam platter came heaping with delicious smelling food. The first bite and I was in heaven. I didn't think that it's would be that good but it was and more!!The Jerk fish in the stir fry was perfectly season and well balanced with the quinoa. The party slaw mixed in added a nice sweet pinch to it without being to overwhelming. I also had the large mango Irish Moss drink ($9). Total came to a whooping $24 but that's what you get to stay healthy. Also, just to note, the serving of food was big enough for two people. I had lunch and dinner with this one dish. 
I can say every time I'm in philly I will plan on stopping by for a bite. Hell I may just make a trip just for the food since I have been craving it! Don't judge my fatty food ways.It makes me so happy to find good food!  My partner and I decided to give this little place a try (after months of passing it by and exchanging statements of interest) and we were more than pleased to have finally done so.  We shared the Goat Cheese & Salmon Sandwich and the Couscous Wrap.  Flipping delicious, both of them!  The food was so fresh and full of flavour and it's clear that guy in the kitchen knows what he's doing. The vibe created by the gentleman running the place and the customers/friends who stopped in while we were there was charming.  The decor was earthy, kitschy and comfortable and the music tied the place together very well.  This place has a great community feel, even when empty.  I recommend it to anyone looking for something new to wake their taste buds up or just remember what real food is.  I would love to see more people in there the next time I drop by.Best raw food in the area ( city?). This is not a traditional restaurant, rather a small homey simple room, entrenched in the Baltimore ave community,  run by good, friendly, soulful people. Now, don't expect any high efficiency: going here is like stopping by a friend,  unannounced, and the friend can fix you something yummy to eat. They make every dish at the moment, so waits can be long, (and coffees forgotten), still I have no complains. Food is good quality, prices reasonable. A true taste of west Philly.
UPDATE: I'm tempted to take another star off, though I won't: they do not offer coffee anymore! Seriously? A breakfast place with no coffee? You can brew one cup at a time, if you are concerned that coffee will go unsold.I haven't eaten here yet but stopped in to try their moss drinks. The blueberry moss was delicious and cheap. 
The staff was super friendly  and the vibe of the restaurant is super comfortable.
I plan on coming back for food one day soon.Atiya Ola's is a great little gem on the corner of 45th & Baltimore in University City.  I hadn't been there since the new owners, but when I friend suggested we go there for breakfast, I was all in.  The friendly service makes you feel at home and the food is delicious.  I can't believe we have a great little spot for breakfast (which is all I've had so far, but I hear the lunch and fruit drinks are great as well- and healthy!)   Plan to come and spend some time with a friend or relax with a good book, as good food takes time to cook.  Definitely give it a try!Me and my guy came here our first night in Philly. It was SO GOOD! The price was great, the veggie stir fry was $7 ( we added brown rice for $1)- it was very lightly seasoned, which I prefer but it was still so flavorful and the veggies cooked but still crisp- just perfect! The salmon dinner came blackened with potatoes and sautéed kale- again, just amazing. They gave us a little taste of their side when we sat down (before we ordered) and the couscous was so good we got that too! And a banana oatmeal chocolate chip cookie for dessert- all for like $30. Such a deal!I love this place! I found it a couple of years ago, by accident, and gave it a shot. The breakfast menu is lovely, for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike (alas, I'm of the latter persuasion). It has a warm, comfortable atmosphere, the staff are very friendly, and the menu has nice variety at good prices. I now no longer live in Philly, but every time I visit, I come here. So worth the time.This place is amazing. I don't know how they make everything so delicious, but it's amazing. And I'm not a raw food weirdo, I just like vegetables. 
I had a friend visit who is allergic to dairy & wheat. I knew we could go to some neighborhood places and try to rummage around to find something for her...or we could go to atiya ola's and she could eat almost everything! 
She was delighted they have wheat free pancakes, and she could substitute any of the vegetables as her side dish. 
Add in the dudes talking conspiracy theories and football in the corner, and you've got yourself a great west Philly afternoon.I ordered catering from Atiya Ola's & I really wanted to like the food more, but unfortunately most of it was disappointing. Service was friendly but slow and difficult to work with.
Here's a summary. I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:
***^ Jerk mushrooms: flavourful
**^ Beet salad with ginger: ok
** Quinoa stir-fry with veggies: clean but bland. Spicy eggplant was better than curry cauliflower.
* Cauliflower dill salad: my reaction was "ugh", as it was hard to eat
Pineapple pleasure drink was refreshing, pretty good.This owner catered at the Clef Jazz club last night. The kale awesome, the red cabbage, beet combo to die for and I never had cauliflower like that. WOW!i really can't decide what to rate this place.....
the room was dirty and dimly lit
but everyone in it seemed happy and talkative
the waiter looked dirty and was wearing an old t shirt 
the salmon sandwich was phenomenal.... but $10... the irish moss was sooo good but three dollars for a very small bottle
i feel like sometimes with fancier/bougier fast-casual joints you can justify the high prices by the ambience, presentation, and cleanliness, but this place has the same (if not higher) prices without any of the amenities. Hmm......
There are so many things they could do cheaply/for free that would make the place look a lot better.... turn some lights on, get an airconditioner, have the workers dress not-sloppily, (now that i think of it teach them etiquette because the guy behind the counter ignored me for a good while....) get a menu board instead of a greasy whiteboard, etc etc..... its kinda frustrating because i LOVED the salmon sandwich and its the first place i've seen in philly that offers it!!! im a vegetarian who eats fish but fish seems to be pretty rare to find in the $8-11 meal range, at least if you're not getting waited on.
Ok, I've decided I'll give them a 4, which is really a 3.5 but i'll let them slide.Awesome food, good location and positive vibes. I love their stir fry! Sometimes they have events and performances which are always a treat.My first visit was great. Friendly service, nice decor and best of all my server. She provided a taste to help me learn about the foods and their preparation. Enjoyed everything especially the lentils and king tuna.  I look forward to being a regular here.If you're looking for REAL food I can't think of a better place. I'll pay the cost to actually nourish my body rather than feed my ailments. Nice, comfy vibe inside the restaurant with plenty of seatingI have had breakfast here before, but today I had the salmon & feta wrap and now I am writing about it - BC IT WAS REALLY REALLY GOOD!!! It was the perfect warm temperature, it had lots of fresh greens and the flavor combinations going on were SO good. I couldn't even decipher what seasonings they use but trust me, it's good. It also has a slightly spicy (heat) after-taste which was a surprise, because while I was eating it I did not taste "spicyness".  Anyway, the portion is substantial and the price is on point. They are getting 5 stars from me for the delicious food, friendliness and cozy/sunny atmosphere. I saw someone eating a plate of veggies that looked really good, any recommendations on veggie dishes to try there?Try the stir fry..trust me you won't be disappointed!
You can select from a variety of veggies and add salmon, veggie sausage or veggie burger. They also add a sauce on the side (forget the name..sorry) which adds a nice kick of flavor. Stir fry platter was quite large..I couldn't finish it. Also..everything is reasonably pricedLove the vegetarian/vegan/raw selections at this popular University City eatery. There's something for everyone's taste. My personal favorite is the Carrot Tuna sandwich or Kale and Spicy Mushroom wrap. Yum!
Atiya Ola's also has a great assorment of vegan desserts to choose from. The vegan oatmeal and peanut butter cookies are delightfully decadent.This was my first time visiting the restaurant and while the ambiance was not what I expected, the food was pretty good. I will definitely be back.Philadelphia vegetarians rejoice! I have lived in Philadelphia for 10 years and tonight I almost cried. Finally. A reasonably priced, excellent quality, take out optional, large variety menu, vegetarian little place has finally arrived on the scene. Many raw options (I can almost taste the vitamins as they go down my throat), and many vegan options. And ok it's not 100% vegetarian, there are some egg and salmon picks on the menu but that's fine at least for me since I sometimes eat eggs for breakfast anyway.  Atiya has moved out of its personal home to this little corner of West Philadelphia much to my delight. How long has it been since you could walk into a cafe and be able to order ANYTHING you wanted off the menu? And why was this only the privilege of cities like San Fran or NYC? 
Like I said, I almost cried.This place sets a high bar on vegan and raw foods places.  Their mango and blueberry moss drinks were amazing - apparently, the irish moss in the drink contains 72 vitamins.  You can only taste deliciousness.  I had the avocado salad when I went.  It was almost entirely avocado, which was a refreshing change from most places that give you a bit of avocado with the mixed greens.  
In all: large variety, incredibly healthy for you, reasonably priced.Yesterday, I ordered a falafel wrap for myself and salmon salad for my boyfriend for take out. Salad came with two dressing (I guess tahini) on side in small boxes. When he opened the second small dressing box, there was a fly in it. We thought that can happen and not necessarily their fault... They wouldn't give it like that if they noticed. He liked the salmon salad and ate all. After a couple of hours, he ended up with food poisoning and made us up whole night! I suspect the freshness of the salmon. As I see many good reviews I think maybe our experience doesn't necessarily reflect the restaurant's quality and I liked my falafel that actually the only reason I gave 2 stars. However, of course I'm afraid of giving it a second chance.we went here last weekend in search of an alternative to our usual brunch/lunch spots and were excited to discover Atiya!  luckily enough, one of the chefs was out in the dining area and able to suggest a delicious salmon wrap, to which i added avocado and enjoyed very much.  my sweetie had a "not too big, not too small" portioned spinach bowl, a mixture of  breakfast foods.  the prices were very reasonable ($7-10 per meal), and you can create your order with a variety of delicious and unique health foods.  expansive tea and homemade juice selection as well.  we left satisfied but not overstuffed; overall a yummy and nutritious dining experience!Mama Ola has been my absolute NUMBER ONE GO-TO spot for vegan and vegetarian food for some years now. When I was at my BEST physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, and soulfully, it was because I was literally eating breakfast, lunch, and dinner at Mama Ola's EVERY SINGLE DAY. This was back when she was still on 45th & Baltimore. Well, I'm happy that her space and her menu have expanded into a new, bigger spot. She's deserved it for the LONGEST! The food is superb! One of my favorite dishes to order is the quinoa stir fry (you can get brown rice, but I always opt for quinoa). The base is onions and peppers with the quinoa and you get to choose two raw menu items to go into the stir fry. I usually choose a combination any two:  seaweed, seaweed salad, kale, and broccoli. I like jerk mushrooms too if I'm feeling spicy for the day. I LOVE the black bean burger, I love the salmon stir fry, the black bean burger stir fry, the raw greens...the RAW WRAPS, the Irish moss and juices...the VEGAN DESSERTS, the alkaline water--It's ALL LIFE! Yeah, they DO take a really long time with your order sometimes...but that's only because this place is so popular and the cook has to keep up with the high demand. But it's well worth the wait. The staff is friendly, Mama Ola is well adored in the community, and I promise whether you're a vegan or vegetarian or not, this food will NOT disappoint you.I'm in Philadelphia for the New Year and wanted to stop by the new vegan restaurant. Walked in and it was not crowded. Was greeted by the owner who advised to take a seat any where. The restaurant is clean and very bright. Fatima waited on us and her service was outstanding. She was very helpful in assisting with navigating the menu. I ordered the vegan Philly with pepper jack cheese on a wrap $9 with added jerk mushrooms. The mushrooms took it to another level. My friend ordered the black bean which he was not a fan as it was a little burnt. Fatima handled the situation immediately. 
My beverage was ginger ale cold pressed drink. It was refreshing. 
The free salsa and chips were delicious while waiting for my food. Fatima also gave samples of the black eye pea soup which was so good. 
Fatima recommended the carrot cake which is delicious. I also got the oatmeal cookie which was gigantic. 
I will definitely return to this establishment. I'm trying to transition to vegan from vegetarian and I found a restaurant that will make the transition easier.In Philadelphia for the day and needed a place for lunch to accommodate a vegan, a part time vegetarian and a raw foodie . Well this is the absolute best place to go . They are hospitable, knowledgeable and super accommodating.
And the food was super delicious . Had an amazing experience. Can't wait to returnShort and sweet: Great food, great for take out if you need ambiance and fake wait staff and to be catered to.
Verbose version:
First off, If you want an ambiance of elegance... go somewhere else, or get your order to go. :-)
I first had their Salmon wrap about a year ago and I had it about 3 times in 3 days, along with a variety of their Desserts(Carrot cake, cookies, sweet potato pies).  Everything was Delicious.  I have recently been back a few times in 3 days again...:-)  and I can't wait to go back.  I tried the Salmon Stir-fry with jerk mushrooms, avacado and quinoa.  AMAZING...!  
I think the atmosphere is cozy and has a feeling of being in your grandmothers living room/Dinning room.  It's definitely not for everyone, but I thoroughly enjoyed my experiences every time i've gone there.  It seems like the people who are there are just good spirited people.  On my last visit with my Mother, there was a man who is an Energy Facilitator(who as it turns out also puts together the selection of Teas they sell)... but he read me an my mother's energy and suggested some items from the menu.  It was great and very poignant. 
So, I do and have recommend this place to all my friends.The food is always hot and good but they need more help especially during lunch time hours instead of one person trying to cashier, wait on tables, and help in the kitchen . The  service is still good other than what I mentioned .The food here is so delicious. It's like home cooked vegan food. I went there and ordered the eggplant sandwich and the Raw Vegan Berry Cheesecake, and I enjoyed both of them. Some of the best vegan food I had in Philly.The food itself was decent, but it took over 45 minutes just to get a black bean burger. Plus, the (somewhat smaller) burger came on a completely bare plate... No fries/chips/salads/pickles/garnishes of any type. It was a pretty depressing sight. Also found out that they don't make hardly any of their own food- the bean burger and the seitan burger are both purchased elsewhere. Considering that, their prices are pretty outrageous ($13-14 for a bare veggie burger)I had the marinated mushrooms stir-fry, with the onions and peppers, curry cauliflower, salmon over quinoa.. DELICIOUS was an understatement. Had to order two of the raw cold pressed juices bcuz it was just that good. It's my second time at this restaurant and I can't get enough! I'll be back again soon!I have heard good things about brunch, and wraps, but don't get the sandwiches. $8 for cucumbers, tomato, and avocado on 2 pieces of wheat bread that they probably bought at foo wah.What a pleasant surprise this place is! On our way to the vegan spot on 45th and Baltimore, we came across Atiya Ola's and stopped in. It wasn't crowded at all, but had the feel of a local spot with neighborhood people who were congregating and having pretty deep discussions. I loved the homey feel of the place.
The menu had a wide variety of vegan, vegetarian and pescatarian options. We got mushroom soup, the stir fry and the spicy sausage(vegetarian) sandwich. Everything was cooked to perfection and so filling--we couldn't eat it all there. We also got some mango juices that happened to be from the vegan spot we were trying to go to before we stopped in here; go figure! 
One opportunity for improvement for this restaurant is the service. Our food was amazing and came out quickly, but the hostess/ waitress was very very slow and not very attentive. It seemed like she was overwhelmed, but there weren't many people in the restaurant so that was a bit strange. Hopefully she'll get better with time.I wish I still lived in Philly. I went to this place constantly. The food is amazing. I always got the salmon wrap, the pineapple pleasure, and the raw cheesecake. Soooo good! I took my family here when they came to visit from LA . They typically don't eat healthy meals like these but thought that the food was amazing as well! Good quality and very fresh. 
There is a new location. I thought the business was closed but it just movedan excellent little restaurant serving a delicious selection of raw foods and great vegan and vegetarian options.  i've only eaten there once while visiting philadelphia, but everyone in our group enjoyed their meal.While the food is typically decent the service is the worst I have experienced. Anywhere. 
Showed up and waited almost 20 minutes after being seated before anyone came to us. It was about an hour before we got our coffee and water. Watched chef run across the street to buy eggs at 1:10 mark. Received meals at 1:45. All meals were incorrect and it seemed things had been scraped together to make a meal. We sent back our random entrees thinking that we had gotten another tables order. They chopped up the dishes and put them in bowls telling us they were breakfast bowls although they were missing many ingredients .the garden wrap is so good and it's got all this healthy stuff in it which makes me feel way better about also eating the AMAZING CAKE they sell. Plus that wrap is so big it lasts me two meals; one half now, one half later.Really should be 3.5.  I was here before for last year's Dollar Stroll on Baltimore Avenue.  I still remember their beet straw.  It tasted good. Their food selections looks great offering raw food, vegan, and juices (freshly made earlier in the the day). 
I'm all about supporting small businesses, but I found  them to be slightly expensive for somethings like wraps and sandwiches. My salmon wrap was tasty, but I think it could have been better for nine bucks. Of course, you are not suppose to look at other peope's food, but I couldn't help myself and noticed  their breakfast looked and smelled delicious! They exclaimed of how full they were, so I guess you get plenty. Breakfast prices seem more on the reasonable side.
I'm not trying to be a stickler, but their menu could also be a bit professional. I was given a menu written in blue pen on paper scotch-taped on top of the old menu with yellow stains over it. How come we can't try Microsoft word or even Note pad to do this? 
I have a West Indian background, so I was glad to see they have sorrell.  So, on my next visit there I will try that and a breakfast meal then I'll update my review.I was a very big fan when they just opened, but gradually the things that were little quirks before, started to be a real turn off. The service is mostly bad. they stair at you without smiling as if they weren't sure why you were there. Then they ALWAYS take too long to make ANYTHING you ordered: even soup or a tea takes too much time to make it to you. There is always some weirdo sitting about yapping some conspiracy theory, or being totally rude to someone else while you're consuming your meal, unable to escape the noise, or his stream of "conciseness". The owners are decent people, but don't seem to be able to do what it takes to make it an enjoyable spot.  I know many ppl in the neighborhood who agree with me: they used to go there and now they avoid it. It's just sad.Delicious soup of the day and sandwich. Made with love for sure. I might even go back today!! Haha. I recommend this place if you enjoy food that tastes good and makes you feel great.The food here is delicious and healthful.  I ordered the Avocado salad, the nutty cucumber sandwich and the Raw cheesecake.   I look forward to going back, but it's not often that I am in West Philly.  I really wish they would open up another location in the 19125 area code of Philadelphia.Fantastic food. Feels like home cooking with flavors and ingredients not always used at other vegan places. Made fresh!I highly recommend the deliciously crafted plant-based cuisine at Atiya Ola's restaurant! Generous portions of delicious vegetables well-prepared, organic spirulina-coated popcorn, vegan treats, fresh juices and salads, raw hummus are all on the menu at very affordable prices. The eat-in restaurant is cozy and enjoyable, or get takeout and enjoy the food at home or in vibrant Clark Park a couple blocks away. The options for a truly inspired meal are seemingly endless here. I enjoy raw food combos here and have gotten a few of the special items. Absolutely recommend you go here if you love vegan food, raw food, or just delicious healthful well-prepared cuisine.Atiya Ola's - Stumbled upon this gem while visiting the area. I'm vegetarian and mostly vegan and I'm sick of traveling and either living off of unhealthy or overprocessed items. When did the vegan movement become overprocessed veggie meats and soy soy soy everything? It was so refreshing to have some real food here! I felt so good after eating, and would certainly return again. The service was very friendly and the food was affordable. I will definitely return next time I'm in the area, and if I were a local, I know they'd know my face and name here!I've been a vegan living in West Philly for a few months now, and I can't believe that I never went to Atiya Ola's until yesterday. Their tea selection and raw food plate was amazing, but even better was the personal attention and generosity I received from the owners and staff. Can't wait to come back to try the raw desserts!We ordered delivery and the food did not arrive. When we called the restaurant, the person on the phone was extremely rude and unhelpful. She continued to call me a "Sir" even though I corrected her three times misgendering me continuously. I did not receive the food and was not helped in any way from the staff. I don't care about professionalism, but don't be fucking rude.I've been coming to this restaurant since they were on Baltimore ave, they have great food, the staff is friendly and the restaurant itself is just a nice space to be in. 
Now my reason for giving three stars instead of five, the past few times I've come my order has been wrong. Today I ordered the 9 item sampler and the items I chose to put in it, well three were missing and something different was added. I honestly feel there is a communication issue between the hostess and the kitchen. The hostess is very nice but she gets overwhelmed very easily, I have witnessed it several times. I have a lot of patience but it's frustrating because I live almost an hour away! I really enjoy the food so maybe I'll do my part and triple check my order next time. Hopefully that helps!I would give Atiya Ola's 2 stars if the food wasn't so delicious and the staff so nice. But my experiences have not been very good. I honestly think they need a more experienced staff in the kitchen. 
My husband and I have been going to Atiya Ola's since they were on Baltimore Ave., but today will be our last time. While the food is great, the service is extremely slow often taking more than an hour to prepare. But even that is not much of an issue, because good food is always worth waiting for. The issue is that our order is is routinely filled incorrectly. There has only been one time when we ordered food to go and we received the correct order, but today has been the only time that we received a sincere apology for the mix up.  Every other time I've called to inform them of the mix up or that something was missing from my order I was met with a nonchalant response. Which certainly left me with a bad taste for the business. But because the food is good and I insist on supporting Black businesses, we continued to support them.  But after today, because my husband arrived 30 minutes after I placed the order and left to pick our daughter up for work only to still have to wait and then the order was incorrect, he put his foot down and said no more. 
Today I ordered a soup, which was not in the bag and a salmon Philly, but I received their vegan Philly instead. I'm sure it's really good, but I cannot eat seitian. The stir fry and sweet potato fries were correct. So that I'm thankful my husband had his food to take with him to work, while my lunch consisted of just fries. Yes, I fussed at my husband for not checking the food before leaving especially since this is a reoccurring issue, but he said she read the order back to him before giving him the bag. And it was correct.  Again, we I called today, she was very apologetic. I appreciate that, but I'm still hungry and craving salmon. 
My suggestion is to go sit and eat, service is still slow, but at least that way you know your food will be right.After hearing so much about this restaurant from a vegetarian friend we came here for her birthday. I must say I was a little skeptic but they  made me a believer! While the food was great the waitress we had seemed to be a little slow with service. In fact, my friend mentioned that that specific waitress at times is slow and has messed up their orders in the past. 
Being raised in Philly I am definitely used to having an iconic Philly favorite... a cheese steak. Well there were several options that seemed appealing but I could not resist when they offered a non meat cheese steak. The steak was outstanding! The sandwich was served on a wheat hoagie roll and the gooey richness was delectable. If you are not a meat eater but want to experience a Philadelphia treat, you must try Atiya's Ola's for you will not be disappointed.I have been to Spirit a couple times now and everything I have eaten has been absolutely delicious.   If this restaurant was closer to my house I would probably get take out  from here every week.  The staff is friendly, the prices are great, and the food always is fresh and yummy.  
While I have enjoyed everything I have eaten from here, the real star is the vegan carrot cake.  I was not expecting it to be as wonderful as it was because, well, it's vegan haha.  But it was out of this world.  I had to shovel it in before anyone at my house could realize I had it - I was not about the share that slice of deliciousness with anyone.I went here for the first time and I must say it was a delight I only took out some vegan cake carrot and strawberry shortcake and it was delicious had to go back in the same day and get two more pieces, the staff were absolutely vivacious and sagacious when it came to helping me and just to see a superb group of individuals, working great together it always calls for a recipe for greatness. I can't wait to go back to try an entree.This place is kind of special. Raw, vegan, healthy beautiful food prepared with care. The food exudes freshness. If you have forgotten what spinach tastes like in it's natural state..green, fresh, delicious...or if you are in the mood for beautifully prepared vegetables in coconut curry...or if you are looking for a fresh wrap for lunch or dinner or snack...get yourself here. The food is healthy, fresh and prepared with care. The place is bright, warm and inviting and the servers seem to believe in the beautiful concept of fresh healthy food and are concerned with your dining experience. Not to mention the beautiful cup of lavender tea that started my healthy lunch. Check out Atiya Olas Spirit First Foods in West Philly and let the experience speak for itself.I truly enjoy Atiya Ola's food. It is very good, good for you and healthy. Since I am mostly raw (90%) Atiya's is perfect for me. Thanks Komi and Atiya for establishing your business in University City. They both are very knowledgeable regarding good food and life in general.Great Vegan Options!!   I've had the falafel wrap which was so freakin good and they also carry slices of this vegan cakes that are faint worthy!Impeccable use of spices, herbs, and micronutrients make these spirit foods a fantastic treat for your tastebuds and for your health.   
This comfort food does not weigh you down. Sweet potato hash browns in a confetti of peppers, onions, and herbs, complemented my flavorful egg-white omelet stuffed with ample veggies and hot-savory-spicy veggie sausage.   My dining partner's salmon sandwich provided a mosaic of flavor as well.
To add more superpowers to your superfoods,I recommend the ginger juice (ginger, water, and honey). It first hits your tongue with a mellow sweetness then explodes with the zest of ginger.  So good. 
Last note: jerk mushrooms are amazeballs!  As are all the other raw food selections.I'm newly vegan, so I've been trying all the vegan spots in Philly. I have to say that Atiya Ola's is my new favorite! The customer service was superb, my food was prepared promptly, and the restaurant was clean and inviting. They even host events such as open mics and live forums. My food was delicious. I'll definitely be back for the potato salad and gingered beets -- yum!