Attico will be an instant hit - great use of indoor and outdoor space with nice city views and a contemporary look.  This is an awesome place to grab a drink after work or hang out with friends.  I was there for a private event during the evening but I can only imagine how great the place looks at night.  Can't wait to go back when they are open to the public. Excellent addition to the Center City rooftop scene!This is a great rooftop restaurant!  Good food and ambiance with great views.   It's a very relaxed laid back atmosphere.   The service was great and unhurried.Smaller than I thought but great view. Cozy vibes and awesome happy hour menu. The bartender was great and knew the menu, wine and suggestions. Might be a new spot!Such a great vibe, BEAUTIFUL roof top patio with large heaters to enjoy the unique view of center city .Nice spot with good views. Went for the Sunday brunch party and menu was totally different than what was advertised. Pretty disappointing.This review is just for drinks and overall ambiance. Cool place on rooftop of Cambria hotel. Music after 11 pm is not my kind of vibe, plus plastic glasses for a $11 drink doesn't sound very appealing to me. The views however are great.Take the first elevator in Cambria on your left and experience some of the best Philly has to offer. The bartenders are friendly and experienced. To drink we had "Escapade" and "Got til it's gone." Deliciousness and quite refreshing on a beautiful spring day. From the roof you get tremendous views of center city. Breathtaking. A must stop for sure.Attico is an awesome addition to Philly's meager selection of rooftop bars. I almost did not want to write this review, because I'm selfish and I want Attico to remain unknown hahaha 
Entrance -The bar is on the rooftop of the Cambria Hotel. Show you ID at the front desk of the hotel by the entrance and security will direct you to an elevator to the rooftop. 
Seating - I have been here twice in the past 1 month, both times it was a late weekend night in groups of 5+, and I did not have any trouble finding seating. Likely because not many people know about this place yet, and most of the customer were hotel guests. There is a bar with indoor seating, which opens up directly to the outside seating area. Lot more seating outside than inside. 
Drinks - Range from $6 to $20, small plates of food available for purchase, but I would not come here for dinner, its more of a happy hours, late night drinks type of place. 
Atmosphere - Decor is super cute, hip, romantic, and of course instagramable! Bring a jacket if you're coming here in the colder month! 
View - Cool view of the city hall. If you want a bird's eye view, this is not your place. Personally I think the the chill vibe and decor of the place compensates for the view.Very cool atmosphere. Nice enough views. Relaxing space. Cocktail was pretty good. This is now a must see place to visit in Philadelphia, and it's not even had its grand opening yet. Didn't even realize it was open to be honest. This will be a happening spot with the theaters and restaurants all around. It still has that "just opened" feeling about it and the staff is a little rough, but 5 Stars!Heard the buzz about this place and figured I'd give it a go. So far, have been here twice.
Service consistent both times at the bar. Raul is an awesome bartender and his drinks were excellent. Only had food once - the Tuna Tartare - which was also pretty decent. 
Views are good and the combination of the indoor/outdoor "rooftop" space makes it versatile. 
It's a bit on the pricey side for what you get, but also a good time. I'll be back and recommend you try it out.This place is simply trying too hard to be cool. Excessive line for no reason besides buildings artificial hype. $10 cover. Expensive drinks that were in fact pretty good and it has a cool vibe. Legit is a cool place but not THAT cool for the wait and the cover in Philadelphia. But by no means worth waiting 20+ minutes on line for this. The employees were professional but informed me a table was $800 which is either a lie or flat out robbery. Would much rather frequent Assembly or literally any other bar. Only reason it doesn't get 1 star is that their shrubbery and landscaping is on point.It's nice to have a rooftop bar, and the courtyard outside is breezy with a lot of seating options.  It's a posh looking place, a great place for an intimate date nightcap. 
The service needs training at the bar. The one girl was going into a book for really simple, standard drinks. I don't think that this should be a miller lite or bust sort of place. Especially not with some of the liquor on the wall. 
The clientele can be a little not-my-crowd, but hasn't been two bad the last couple of times I've went. 
 Not bad, lots of potential.It's really a shame because the location is great but ... OMG !!!! The service is bad ... like they don't really care at all ... this is hot now but this place will fizz fast.Heeeey!!!!!
We were celebrating my daughter's graduation from UCLA and our girl CARLY took care of us all night long!  She did not take advantage of our being extremely drunk and ensured we had plenty of water between drinks!  So we requested management to express our sincere appreciation for Carly!  We wanted her to come have a drink with us in the spirit of sisterhood.   Because she was on the clock she obviously couldn't drink with us.   We requested a manager and Israel came over.  We told Israel his "azz better give our girl Carly a raise!!!"   She could have ran the bill up and focused on her tip taking advantage of us!  Instead she focused on making sure we had plenty of water between rounds!!!  Carly you are part of the sisterhood!!!  Israel you better give our girl a raise!!!  #WeWishCarlyTheBestIsrael you better give Carly a raise! Thank you Israel  for reserving a table for my friends and I last minute and thank you Carly for giving us great service. You made sure we were well hydrated with our orders to make sure we stayed awake and have a good time.Went for a happy hour. You're really going for the vibes. Such a cute spot especially during the summer.Nice rooftop, expensive (but tasty) cocktails ... only complaint is that when they have the tent up it ruins the whole rooftop vibe since you can't see off the roof!!!A new rooftop bar at the top of the Cambria Hotel, this place combines modern and stylish with warm and welcoming. In addition to a large bar, there are conversation areas, each with its own group of sofas and chairs and an interesting patterned carpet, all surrounded by windows and an outdoor deck. We enjoyed happy hour - chicken bao buns and a large portion of dan dan noodles and excellent wine. The host and servers were congenial and attentive. The music was too loud and the host graciously turned down the speaker over our little area. I will return and recommend it to friends.This was such a cool place!  I went for happy hour and sat at the bar wine was great and food was delish. I had the pumpkin seed humus and Pinot Grigio. The bartenders were very friendly.  I was quite busy,  could be because it was happy hour or the fact that it's on top of the hotel. But 10/10 would recommend!!Attico was so gorgeous, drinks were amazing, food was good (all we got was the chips with dip but very tasty). Def get their early to get a spot. Seating inside the enclosed area as well as outside on the open rooftop. Very nice furniture & decor. Will be back !I came with a fairly large group to happy hour to celebrate a birthday. The drinks and atmosphere was great! Service wasn't bad considering it was so crowded, but we only got drinks, not food.I went there for my birthday and omg it was amazing. My birthday was in April but the vibe was great, everyone was so friendly and I loved it.Kinda expensive and very crowded on weekends. Nice vibe but also boring if you wanna do more than just talk.While waiting around for a table, me and couple friends sat along the bench. My chair was blocking a small walkway, but there was a big walk way right behind me. A waitress walked right next to me and said excuse me with a rude tone. Just didnt understand why should we make me move my chair when she could walk around the area behind me.  When we got a table she actually was our waitress and did not provide good service. Found out her name was Kristin. Great atmosphere and drinks were good though.Young and vibrant rooftop at the heart of Philly. Only small plates, but very very good. The drinks are great, but the bartender did not understand correctly our order twice. Great location to take view pictures.Attico is a solid addition to the Philly rooftop bar scene! My friend and I came here around 6:30pm on a Saturday night, and it was hopping but not too crowded. The view is great, and the space is absolutely gorgeous. Both inside and out, it's beautifully decorated.
We ordered at the bar before finding a table in the outdoor seating area. I got a beer, and my friend got a cocktail with elderflower. I thought her drink was a bit overpriced, but it was refreshing. We didn't end up eating anything since we had dinner reservations for later, but we saw a few plates of food go by that looked yummy.
I'm sad that I didn't get to go here more before it turned chilly, but they do have outdoor heaters, so I'm sure it will still be a good drink spot in the colder months!Update: after many calls with the uncooperative credit card company and a call back from Cameron at Attico, my issue has been resolved. Cameron was very helpful and understanding. Apparently someone overheard my tab name and added drinks to my tab and closed out by signing a "K" on my bill. SHADY. I guess just another reason to always close out and never keep a tab open.
A nice happy hour space (HH from 5-7pm), especially if the weather is good. The balcony is really beautiful. I would rate 4 stars because the service was mostly okay (they turned on heat lamps for us), and they have a decent selection of drinks (beer $4, wines $6, and a cocktail for $7) and HH food (ranging from $4, 6, 10, 12). The vegan dan-dan noodles were flavorful (but my spice-loving friends said it was not spicy at all, I thought it had a bit of a kick), and I enjoyed the jerk chicken bao buns (you get two, so it's a great deal for HH!)
I docked one star because they need to figure out their credit card/tab situation. Me and my friend got to Attico early and grabbed a drink at the bar for happy hour. We each put down credit cards and said "sure" when they asked if we wanted to keep our tabs open. They returned the physical cards directly to us.
Later when the rest of our group arrived, we moved to the balcony to accommodate everyone. This was a server space, but our server said he could transfer our tabs over to the group bill. The server seemed a little new, so I asked him to double check that we didn't need to close out at the bar. He confirmed (after checking) that we were all set. 
On my way to the bathroom (which was clean, 10/10 would recommend to pee here), I stopped at the bar to ask bartender from before if he could confirm my tab was closed and moved over to the group's bill as I had moved outside. He said I would need to check with my server. 
I ended up settling up by cash, and for some reason I was a little nervous so I returned to the bartender to ask if he could double check that my tab was closed. He (a little gruffly) told me that he had no way of checking on the system if my tab was still open. 
My friends ended up asking our server again to make sure, and we checked the bill and it all seemed fine/covered everything. 
I made a point to check my credit card later, and sure enough they charged me. Not only that, I ended up being charged $50.80 for a single happy hour wine! This also happened to my friend who also had an open tab before settling in cash.
I called a few days later and left a message, but they did not call me back. I just called again today and was able to speak with someone who said she would look into it, but said she would need to check the tabs/receipts from that night make sure everything was accounted for...  
TL;DR: don't set up a tab at this place! It's a nightmare to deal with...OK honest opinion food five star. The waitstaff three star. The ambience onestarway too fucking loud shit music and surrounded by hipsters.
But like I said food five starabsolutely amazing so it kind of canceled out all the other bullshit. So all in all worth the trip if you are in Center CityOne of the best places to be when it's 10 degrees. Why you may ask? Because you can rise above the elements. The roof, the cocktails, the service. Its all good Baby Baaabae!! (In my Biggie Voice)
Smart, Elegant, Classy, and that's just the staff. Service matches the decor and the decor matches my attire. My type of place. Soon to be yours too! 
Cheers..Attico place is mad COOL! The R(h)um cocktails are so good and THE VIEW! THE VIEW DOE! Also, the bartenders are mad cool and fun. DONT MISS OUT!Beautiful decor and lounge area. Unfortunately the service and food doesn't match the beautiful ambiance. The whole experience here was off. They were obviously understaffed. Wanted us to use our app utensils for entrees. And drinks were wrong. $22 for what seemed to be boxed pasta. And my friend's burger was served on a regular Martin's potato bun? The Dan Dan noodles were served with wooden pull apart chop sticks. It all just seemed weird for a restaurant with a dress code and a higher ticket price. Wouldn't recommend giving this a chance. First negative review on here. Was so hopeful for this beautiful rooftop!I did not eat any of the food--just went to the rooftop bar.
I am 31, so I'd say I'm right around the target audience for this bar, but I felt it was overwhelmingly mediocre for what it could have been.
I mean, a rooftop bar sounds awesome! ...but $10 covers later, you get up there to find the rooftop is actually completely covered with a tent-like canvas, you can't see the sky or hardly any cityscape, and the DJ is spinning great tunes that nobody is dancing to because it's overcrowded beyond belief (on a Saturday night, anyway).I came here on Saturday 03/14. I met my gf there. We went for drinks to celebrate. I walked in and you pay a cover of $10. You take the elevator up to the rooftop. When I got off it was crowded and I met her at the bar. The DJ was really good. He played a mixture of all music. The drinks were good. I stuck to what I knew and got a margarita. We went outside to the outside area and took some pics. It was chilly so we went back in. It's a classy high end rooftop. Some people were dressed to impress some where in jeans and a tee. I plan to surely go back when the weather gets warmerThe decor and space was great. The music was nice and loud, too loud for an actual sit down meal. This was my first time there. The service was good. But the food was less to be desired. The tuna tartare plate that was on the menu as a main course should have been an app. It wasn't good and not worth the price. The food overall was not worth going back to eat it. The drinks were tasty and the service was great.Solid spot for the summer months! Very trendy and cute! Came here for my friends 30th. They did a great job of roping off an area for us. The bartenders were all SO nice and on top of it! Were never waiting long for a drink!
Recommendation would be to get here early to get a table or call ahead. Can't wait to check it out again!The service here is terrible, especially towards minorities. The bartenders act as if they don't want you there. They had an entire room of empty tables that were reserved. They didn't expect those customers for two more hours, yet we couldn't sit down in the meantime. Poor service, poor attitude, expensive drinks. Not my kind of place.Very nice place. Great to sit down have a snack and talk to your friends. Music wasn't to loud but loud enough to get you in that Saturday night mode. Bartenders and all stuff are very nice. Drinks and food price not extremely expensive. I would say like any other place with reasonable prices. It's not a place where you have to wait 20 min before someone see that you are there and want a drink. Bartenders were coming and asking if we need another one if everything is okay. Definitely not a crowded and loud bar with a bunch of kids. I would definitely go back. Great place for a first date too.I'm so glad that this rooftop bar is open and doing what they can to make the experience a good one. The appetizers and drinks were delicious. Of 3 people at the table, no one was blown away by the entrees. The steak and chicken entrees were lacking. So I definitely recommend splitting a bunch of appetizers, really good. Although not huge portions so order a few for a group. The servers seemed busy and overwhelmed even though there were less customers than usual due to the covid regulations. I would also recommend expanding the liquor selection. My mom ordered an apple martini and they did not have the ingredients to make it. Apple martinis are very simple and common drinks. They forgot the coffee at the end after several reminders, they were overwhelmed which isn't a huge deal, it was taken off the tab. If covid regulations allow more staff to be present that would probably be helpfulWent here for a couple of drinks and appetizers - the drinks were pretty good for the price and the chips with ranch dip were yummy. We asked to sit, and had a waiter in that area. The waiter took our order, and brought one of us the wrong drink. Not a big deal, but she didn't come back for over 20 minutes so we had to go to the bar to get it replaced. Then, when we asked for the check, I told her I had left my card at the bar with my tab. She was super condescending and told me "honey, we don't take cards at the bar" as if I was drunk. It was clearly a mishap where I walked away before they gave my card back, so I asked if she could check if the bar had it. She said she would, and came back and again was rudely telling me they didn't have it. Well, I immediately went up to the bar and told them, and they had my card right there for me. So, she didn't even bother to ask them. 
Again, drinks were good and the atmosphere was nice, but the waitress ruined the experience.I went here for my birthday dinner as I was looking up rooftop restaurants to go with my bf. The atmosphere was nice and so was the decor. I made reservations for dinner and was seated outside in front of a small little coffee-like table that didn't go above my knees. Didn't understand how we were supposed to have dinner over this/where everything would fit. Got moved indoors to an actually table which was nice of them to do. The food wasn't that good, definitely a place to go to just for the environment and to have a drink. Wouldn't come back for dinner but maybe for a drink at the bar.I had this on my list of definitely want to try. I have tried it and I think I'm good. My boyfriend and I came here to after dinner to celebrate his birthday and meet with some friends. I have never been here but the vibe is kind of weird. I don't know, maybe I'm old but there was a weird vibe. The people working there did not seem overly friendly and the bartenders kind of talked to me like I am a dummy which I will say in my defense,is not the case. It got packed so quickly that enjoying the view was to hard and sitting down was even harder. Reserved signs were everywhere and you could not just sit. People were stalking the swing chairs and I didn't feel like losing a tooth battling for one so we stood. 
Overall, the experience was okay. Drinks were okay. Price was high. Also... the bathroom was terrible. That disappoints me, common cleanliness people!I barely had any of the food and drink. I tasted some of my moms and sisters drinks and appetizers and they were okay. If you are black or brown don't go here. It's not safe or welcoming. As soon as I walked in with my mom and sisters all eyes were on us and not in a good way. It's like we had invaded everyone's space. 
The waitress was very short and didn't bother to explain the menu or anything about the place to us. I'm also vegan and they didn't have anything on the menu to accommodate me so I ordered delivery. And I fully intended on eating it in my hotel room but my mom asked me to ask, what's the worst they could say. So I walked over to ask our waitress and as soon as I approached her she looked scared. And immediately 2 other white male employees walked over like I was about to beat her down. She was completely frazzled by the fact that I wanted to ask her a question. Ultimately I was told no outside god or drink which is fine but the behavior displayed was the worst. 
As a person of color this is definitely not a safe space for us. It's unwelcoming immediately. If you want somewhere to hang without feeling like you're being watched or rushed out you're better off enjoying the hotel restaurant on the 2nd floor. 
If I could give it zero stars I would.Attico is trying too hard. For one, it's one of those places where there is a doorman who gives you a stamp before you enter to elevator to the rooftop. Also, there is a dress code and possibly a cover charge. 
If despite all the above the place still piques your interest, then you'll love this place. The music is super loud, the kind where you can't hold a conversation with anyone unless you yell. Most of the tables have a "reserved" sign on them, but are empty and random bros are shouting "Get another round of shots!" 
Drinks are expensive and the view isn't even that great. However, if you're the type who likes to be seen, then this is the place for you.I visited the rooftop bar during happy hour and it was very nice. I am not sure why every table lounge area had "reserved" signs but we didn't inquire, we just went outside and sat in the swinging chairs. The place was about 75% empty when we arrived but about 75% crowded when we left an hour later. The happy hour bar drink special for $7 was a watermelon margarita on the rocks. It was tart yet sweet and I could taste the tequila which is a rarity in a happy hour bar special at most places. I would order it again. The bourbon on the rocks came with one big cube which the bar tender went in the back room to get. I feel like the employees could have been "oh whatever" but they were really very friendly and welcoming. I understand that this place get ridiculously crowded at night as it should. It is a great bar in the downtown Philly area especially with their great rooftop views of the city. 
The area  outside is covered because it is Philly and it rains and gets cold. The heaters were well placed and not in the way. The cushions were dry eventhough it had rained earlier in the day. That was a plus for sitting outside.
Inside, the people at the bar were all ages. Some looked like they were having an after work meeting and some looked like they were getting to know a new person from online. It is definitely a safe place as you must "check in"  with a picture ID to be granted access to the elevator. Security was definitely present and professional. 
I very much recommend a visit here to have a picture perfect time on the rooftop and enjoy some food and drinks!The ambiance can't be beat + the food is actually really good! Our sever Andrew could not have been more attentive or kind - 5 stars for Andrew!Patron beware! I was there with a group of friends, the server asked for my card and kept it the entire night.  The next day, I log onto my bank account and find that I had multiple purchases made with that card.  The service was sub-par.  I only recommend going here with cash only, unless you want to pay for her luxuries.Really pretty atmosphere and a good drink menu. They have food but not a ton of options, more like snack options.
I went at night which I sort of regretted. It was packed and dark, so I wasn't able to fully see and appreciate the decor that I know they have. I plan to go back during the day some time.
The indoor and outdoor seating options are nice and vary in size so there's seating for couples, small and large groups.
If you go at night during the winter, dress warm...it gets breezy up there!Loved this rooftop spot!  They have a wonderful happy hour with drink and food specials.  Nice seating options with comfortable sofas and chairs. Friendly service and delicious drinks and food.
We had the bartenders special which was a cucumber daiquiri for $7.  Well made and plenty strong. Our table had several of the dishes from the happy hour menu and enjoyed them all. The burger, cheese plate, and dan dan noodles were all great.What is it with all these negative reviews?!? 
They just opened up 2 weeks ago! And I maybe a sucker for decent rooftops; but this place is on spot! 
Cute interiors, nothing too daunting, clean spaces and amazing service. 
We went for happy hour, place was about 30% full on a Friday at 5 pm, we were greeted warmly and explained about the menu. We ordered the mule ( tequila based mule) refreshing!!! 
Checked out the views and went back to the bar for seconds, the bartender checked on us and offered us apps, we got the chips, kind of salty but still fresh and crispy! 
The bartender did point out that after 10 pm it becomes more upbeat! 
I am sooooo going back with more people!The place is beautiful inside and out. Music was ok m. Drinks were a little pricey not strong enough.I ate here during a quick visit to the city. The atmosphere was fun. The food was standard fare. Prices were affordable. Great spot to unwind. Most importantly the Manager Corey went over and beyond with customer service. I left my coat and cellphone at the restaurant during dinner. I panicked after hearing the restaurant did not open until 5 pm,  because I had a mid day flight home. I called and Corey met me to bring me my belongings around noon. I sincerely appreciate her going above and beyond with customer service and kindness.So many incredible flavors at this restaurant! Both food and cocktail selections are just so good and burst into an amazing combination of taste sensations! Great roof top atmosphere and service as well. Highly recommended!Pretty great rooftop bar that I'm honestly surprised I didn't know about!  Recently, some coworkers and I have been trying a few bars around the city for happy hours, and usually it seems like bars with Attico's type of vibe think that they can charge a fat stack for "atmosphere" smh.  And while, of course, this bar does have some drinks that cost a decent amount, since it's such a nice rooftop bar, they still have pretty nice happy hour deals!  My group got some of the appetizers as well, and we were really happy with them, especially the fries.  And the cocktail that the bartender recommended was out of this world (I forgot what it's called, but I'll upload the photo later).
And then, on top of that, the service was really great!  Our bartender, Gabby, was super nice and really, really helpful (especially since she said she was a new hire).  And our food came out really quickly and was still fresh and filling.  Would recommendLOVE LOVE LOVE! Best rooftop in Philly. Drinks are phenomenal while the restaurant itself is beautiful. To get to the restaurant you got to the Cambria Hotel & take a separate elevator to the top. Here you will walk into almost a magical garden. It's set up so nicely & you feel so elegant (there is a dress code). Upon sitting down they reminds us of our table time and we were ready to go! Got a bunch of drinks & apps. Couldn't be happier!Great atmosphere ..shitty service... got
 2 drinks in 2 hours...also my wings were cold. This place is too expensive to be this slow.I read the reviews on bad service and thought "eh, I'm sure it will be fine; I don't really notice that"  Nope! Space was very cute, drinks were just ok (but we ordered off the menu so they tried to accommodate us).  The service between the two men that helped us (one our waiter the other looked like a manager) was a mix of timid/awkwardness from the waiter and "extremely annoyed/why are you here" vibes from the other worker.  Made the beautiful atmosphere, extremely strange.  Nothing called to us on the menu so I can't comment on food but I wont' be rushing back here.We had a very wonderful experience and the staff was so amazing. Food was delicious and the drinks were just right.
AJ and Raya cannot be beat.A Great Experience, Even in the Cold!
We set our reservations for Attico on a Friday evening in late November, so we obviously didn't make it outside. We stayed inside but still really enjoyed everything that Attico has to offer. 
We were greeted and seated right away upon arrival. Service was fine. Food was quick and the server was okay, but nothing too negative to say. Honestly, it just didn't seem like he was in the best mood but he wasn't rude, if that makes sense at all...just almost like he didn't want to be there but was at least making the effort to seem pleasant. I truly think he did make the effort, though, and this could happen to anyone (who knows what happened to put him in a bad mood?) so I'm still giving him a perfect score. (service 5/5).
Food was all very good. Loved the Vegan Dan Dan noodles. Those are truly words I never thought I'd say. I also loved the Boa Bun, and the Attico Burger. Korean ribs were also fantastic! All well done. The cheese plate was good, but I wasn't overly impressed by it. Overall, food was great (5/5).
Had two glasses of Happy Hour Pinot Noir. I hope they expand their HH drink menu in the future, but still fine by me! (Drinks 5/5)
Ambiance (5/5) was also great even if we weren't on the roof deck (you can't see much anyway unless you walk over to the edge) but I really liked the atmosphere and look forward to getting there once the warmer weather hits!I would only recommend it due to the ambiance. Unsure if it is due to Covid, but the service is EXTREMELY UNORGANIZED!  Please do make a reservation because the main lobby's hostess doesn't communicate with the main hostess at the restaurant door.
I won't comment on the food; I'd suggest you eat elsewhere before going.Fun place to visit! You can see part of the city from the rooftop. Cocktails were good. Seating areas were spread out throughout the bar. I highly recommend it!We just had a huge party for my father's birthday, which was catered by Attico and holy moly, was it good! We loved the Greek salad, falafel, and hummus (possibly the best hummus I've ever had; I could write an entire review about the hummus alone, but I'll refrain in the interest of time...). And then they served delicious kung pao cauliflower, veggie rice, a broccoli dish - all supreme! As a vegan, I appreciated their accommodation in making such delicious and filling food that my family and I could enjoy - and enjoy we did, very much! Highly recommend!I was really excited to check this place out, and I'd give it a one star if I hadn't remotely enjoyed the drinks (I am a bourbon snob and the Southern Belle was very enjoyable).
We were being rushed out of the place due to reservation times, when our server was completely overwhelmed and couldn't tend to his 8+ tables. I had read reviews before and saw the place doesn't staff appropriately, so I should have known better.
The manager we tried to talk to was incredibly dismissive - couldn't even catch his name, but tall guy - and he almost talked to us in a condescending tone. Then he pulled down his mask, because I asked him to repeat himself, and I couldn't believe it. We are in a pandemic, and this place obviously doesn't get it.
Good drinks, cute view, subpar service and management. Better tapas-style restaurants in the city for half the price and none of the attitude.Attico is a great place to take someone on a date, especially on a cool summer afternoon. While the mandatory dress code may seem a bit overzealous, the rooftop deck with copious seating options make this place a must-visit second-date destination. However, if you're interested in food and high-end cocktails, I would pick carefully from their slightly overpriced menu items and settle for a nice cheap bottle of beer and enjoy your company. We came here for a company social event, with space reserved for our group. The prepared snacks included hummus, pretzels, and myriad other snackables, all of which were heavy with salt and oils. I liked the chicken bao and toasted pumpkin seed dip, however, both were meager in portion and were over $10 each.
Since my wife was breast-feeding, we specifically ordered a virgin cocktail, only to be served with the alcoholic version that, fortunately, was barely consumed before it can be returned to the bar. 
Overall, this place is great for ambiance and would definitely come here during off-peak times and enjoy the view, and then move on to the second part of the day.
Food: 2-3 stars
Service: 2-3 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Price: 2 starsI was pretty unhappy with my drink, the bar was very busy so I was expecting service to be slow but we were seated right in front of the bar tending station and barely got checked on. I was overall pretty unhappy with the place and we were never offered a snack menu so we quickly finished our drinks and left.The manager, Stacy Lyon, was incredibly rude to us. She would constantly come around telling us to take our check and get out. She yelled at us to leave and said security was coming even though we got our food only 20 minutes prior and agreed to leave. On the way out I asked to speak with another manager and she continued to yell and said she would delete any review we posted. The majority of this was recorded by myself and friends. She also got very close to our faces a few times during a pandemic which was concerning.Have you ever been somewhere and everything about the people and the place were nothing short of AMAZING? Attico is definitely that place!
Bottom Line Up Front: GO HERE!
Talia - The best!
Lawrence - Bartending genius!
Prior to COVID, I found this place online through pictures and I couldn't wait for spring so I could go... I literally waited until the last minute to get here (Oct) lol. 
When COVID first began they asked for donations and $20 got you a free drink once they opened. So I made sure to screenshot my voucher for a free drink. 
When making the mandatory reservations whether online or via the website, you have to use a credit card. I recommend using the website because the restaurant is often loud and giving them all the info of the phone becomes a process. 
Upon arrival, we were greeted downstairs by a friendly hostess who called upstairs to confirm our reservation prior to allowing us onto the elevator. Once we arrived upstairs, we were greeted by a secondary hostess who quickly showed us to our table. 
Our waitress was Talia, she was young but very friendly and extremely attentive and professional. We really enjoyed her, the customer service she provided was excellent and her knowledge of the menu items was helpful. 
Because it was our first time here, we wanted to literally try EVERYTHING off of the menu, glad we did, EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING!
The Kale Caesar Salad - wonderful combination 
Crab Melt - one of the best things I've ever eaten 
Attico Burger - the shallot jam and Caesar aioli - LOVELY
Ciao Bella - had it 2x
Goddess of the Sea - great
Because I'm a tequila drinker and most of the menu lacked tequila, I asked Talia to have the bartender make me "something w/ tequila that's not sugary sweet". She comes back with this beautiful layered drink that wasn't too sweet with the right amount of tequila. It was sooooo good, people (to include the manager) stopped by my table to ask the name of my drink, so KUDOS TO LAWRENCE THE BARTENDER!!!
The staff were very friendly, even if they weren't your server, they'd stop and ask if you're ok or just simply smile. The manager was walking around and was very attentive to every single table, I literally saw him stop and greet each table (in my view range) in my section and he was met with positive feedback and smiling guests. 
The view is beautiful, I will admit that I thought the flowers were going to be real but they still arranged very nicely. There was a tent that kinda blocked the view but was needed due to the chillier weather.This place was nice. I went for happy hour. The happy hour menu was relatively inexpensive compared to their normal menu. It was a good way to try some snacks without committing. The inside was beautiful. Very instagram worthy. The outside view was just okay though. It looks into broad street. For a rooftop bar, I was looking for a little bit nicer of a view. That's not the restaurant's fault though. That's just location. The food was great. Their pretzel bites were so good. They had seasonings on them that were a game changer. The drinks were okay. Not much of a beer selection and the cocktails were overpriced. But you're paying for the ambiance when you go to a place like Attico.Comparing to NYC it's average, have seen better rooftop in NYC. The reason it lost two stars is because most of the plants were almost dead, a little bit of water would of made a big difference. Additionally, most cushions were dirty and stained. The price of the food and cocktails does not match the presentation of the place or the decor.Came here on a Thursday afternoon for Happy Hour and was pretty disappointed. I guess I've been fooled by the hype and Instagram pics, but they got me! The host was crass and barked "Do you have a reservation?" to me and my boyfriend. Sorry we didn't get the memo, but feel like I shouldn't have a second-tier dining experience because I came here on a whim. He seated us at the first couch when you walk in, so I didn't even get to see the rest of the space. We literally asked our waiter if it was OK for us to walk around and check the place out and he said yes, but that's when I realized the indoor space was a lot smaller than I expected. I feel like this bar is in between a restaurant and a beer garden, with open space and hangout chair spaces that seem open, but are actually seats that need to be reserved. Why so stickler?? 
Anyways, we had to hold our food as we ate and the bartender's choice was a Vodka cocktail with some grapefruit or something ($7), but he may have misheard us because we got ICE with a SIDE of cocktail. Ice was literally spilling out of the cup when he placed it in front of us. Bao Buns are now 1 for $5 (looking at old reviews, they used to give 2 for $5 which in my opinion is more worth it). Vegan Dan Dan noodles ($10) were good, portion size was adequate and the mushroom was actually really similar to the minced pork it usually comes with. Spent $37 (1 Dan Dan ($10), 2 cocktails ($14), 2 bao buns ($10) plus tax. 
Crossed it off my bucket list (not sure if it should've been there in the first place), can't really see myself going back.My husband and I invited friends here for drinks to celebrate our Anniversary. We encountered the worst bartenders ever!! So rude, disgustingly, horribly rude! "Don't order this drink again" seriously it's a Washington Apple! Our friends ordered Patron Margaritas she was pissed when he asked for the lime. She threw it in his drink. 
Never again will I come back!!The venue is decent the inside is pretty stuffy but the "outside" is nice and decorated but you can hardly tell you're outside aside from the occasional gust of wind due to the decor blocking the rooftop views. The drinks were also very over priced and they gave two beers one in a smaller plastic cup and the other in a normal pint glass.. and they were equally as expensive.Excellent cocktails, food, ambience, and service. There's no other place in Philly with such a great vibe; and the playlists are FIRE. 
Keep doin you, Attico!!!!When you go there be sure to try the " Crab Melt". You'll thank me later. We went for Easter brunch and it was perfect. I have zero complaints about this place. A special shout-out to our server RHEA, she's the best!I'm very torn about my experience here. While I fully respect an establishment with a dress code and rules, I also expect the management to provide service to be on par with such rules. While the establishment itself (especially the outdoor space) is beautiful and worth the trip, our experience for my brothers private birthday party was extremely disappointing. I've worked in the service industry for over 10 years and I can't imagine greeting anyone, let alone people throwing a private party, the way we were greeted. There was no hi, welcome, nice to meet you I'm the manager etc, which should be standard for any party that has been coordinated through a restaurant. I understand a rooftop bar can be overwhelming, managing customers coming for a view can be frustrating, but this was a pre planned and paid for  event, yet we were greeted like we came in last minute asking for a reservation for 20 people and they couldn't be bothered. The manager (with light brown hair) was so aggressive from beginning until end. Her introduction to us was yelling at us for bringing in 2 balloons, which we ran by another manager downstairs. Her attitude was so unwelcoming and unnecessary, I'm actually shocked she works in the service industry and represents an establishment that way. We also hired a singer to provide entertainment and she was told she couldn't bring a speaker or microphone. So she had to awkwardly yell with her guitar and could only get through 2 songs before having to call it quits. 
On a very positive note, our server Kristen was unbelievably attentive, always around and beyond helpful. She really made our experience. The food was constantly coming out and was very enjoyable. The bouncers were very nice and professional. 
All in all, if you pay to have a private party, you should be taken care of simply with a pleasant greeting upon arriving. The attitude and vibe we were given from the start really soured the experience. I hope in the future, the hospitality and management can meet the prices and rules, especially for private parties.Incredible food! We went here for our birthdays and our server Jeffry made us feel so special. He was extremely attentive, kind and knowledgeable! The venue itself is so beautiful and sunset is insane here. The heaters keep you nice and warm as well as the pavilion blocking the wind. The best dish we had was the crab melt. 10/10!This is the most uppity bar in Philadelphia - the management thinks they are running an upscale NYC bar. Overpriced drinks and small plates. I planned a birthday outing there and a few friends did not show up - there had been protests in the city that day and it had just down poured. The manager tried to charge me $40 per person for the few friends who didn't show up on my birthday. Meanwhile my friends there were all ordering food and expensive cocktails - it's not like they were losing money on our group. Overall really disappointing and made my birthday a stressful experience. Would not recommend.My friends took me for a Saturday Brunch to kick off my bachelorette weekend and it was amazing! The scenery was so nice, the rooftop is well decorated and really has a chill vibe. We did make reservations in advance and only had to wait about 5 minutes to get in because of the line at the elevators downstairs, but we didn't really mind. The staff and service were so receptive and helpful. The food didn't take long to arrive and when it did: OH MY GOD. Please order the Attico Burger if you visit! I definitely want to go back soon enough.This place has a great night life....but an underwhelming day experience. 
I've been here a few times during the day and the food is okay and overpriced. I probably won't be returning here during the day. 
At night its vibe is completely different, in a good way. The drinks are good and strong. The place is crowded. There are a lot of young attractive people as well. 
Unfortunately they do not let any smoking/vaping on the rooftop, so you have to go all the way downstairs and wait for elevators.If you're coming here in the evening be sure to come before 10 so you can avoid the cover! 
We came here for a casual night out and this is the perfect place for that. It's pretty small so it gets packed fast. There was a pretty good DJ playing but basically no one was dancing. It really is just kind of a stop by, enjoy a cocktail and the view kind of place. 
Speaking of cocktails, our bartender Sam was amazing! She asked us a couple of questions about what we liked and then made us some custom drinks. They did not disappoint! 
Unfortunately the bathrooms here was a mess and they really should be sending in someone more frequently to check in and clean up. 
I definitely want to come back here and check this place out during the day. We didn't order any food either so this is really just a review of the vibes and experience hereWe were lucky enough to get outside on a glorious Thursday night
The weather was perfect and it was really an  enjoyable setting
We didn't have any of the entrées instead we picked a part of the appetizer menu which I would recommend the ravioli and the zucchini for sure
The service was great and timely it was a very clean establishment during this time of Covid and we will definitely come back next time we're in the city of Philadelphia