Ok for the airport I guess . Clean. You feel rushed on the line. Cashiers often cleaning and stocking and not at register . Good good as expectedDear Airport Au Bon Pain,
It's a good thing travellers' choice is limited at Terminal F in the Philadelphia Airport.  Otherwise, I don't think you would survive.  A glass half full kind of guy, I am happy to report that you did teach me a couple valuable lessons.
Sbarro, Cheesesteaks, and China Express do not scream BREAKFAST to me, so I headed in to the Au Bon Pain.  Surely, they would have something decent, and the pastries did indeed look good gleaming through the window.  But it was the egg white "thin bagel" placard out front that caught my attention.  Apparently, this is a light option for the discerning and calorie-conscious traveler.  I am not really any of those, but having a lighter option before boarding a plane appeals to me.  I had been angling for some yogurt, but since I had no dinner the night before, something a bit more substantial appealed to my stomach, so I ventured in to the morning Au Bon Pain chaos.  
Although advertised by a sign out front, they did actually carry the mythic thin bagel sandwich.  Instead, they had only three versions of the standard "Fat Bagel" (what else am I supposed to call it, now that there's a thinner cousin?).  Having already poured a cup of coffee and committed myself to to the venture, I continued to choose a fat bagel and egg sandwich.
Lesson #1: When a place prominently advertises something but does not actually carry it, leave immediately and find a new option.
Opening the breakfast sandwich proved difficult, as the paper wrapping was having separation anxiety.  Seriously, the wrapper would not let go of the bagel, and when I continued my wrapper remonstrations, the paper, in defiance of all known physics, actually fused at a molecular level with the fat bagel.  This is probably a property only the fat bagel exhibits.
Lesson #2: If a sandwich is tasteless, paper sticking to the bagel really doesn't make much of a difference.
Yes, I was here just the day before and should have learned my lesson, but I'm pretty thick-headed.  Believing myself to be in the airport only for a short layover, I grabbed a "Mediterranean" wrap.  Although this thing had two days left for the sell by date -a freshness period that is presumably not weeks long, but what do I know- the bottom was soggy.  Worse, the thing had practically no flavor even after I had made it through the end that was primarily wrap into the end that had chicken and Mediterranean seasoning.  I seriously doubt whether the caesar chicken or the southwestern chicken wraps would have tasted any different.  
Lesson #3:  When you get something from a place that is bland and unremarkable, do not expect anything else from that place to be any different.Ordered a Tuna sanwich that was disappointing with stale bread and tuna that was flavorless and had the consistency of spam.I was stranded in restaurant-deprived Terminal F of the Philly airport when I decided to see what, if anything, Au Bon Pain would have to fulfill the needs of this hungry vegan. I was happily surprised to discover they offer a 12-vegetable vegan soup. It was clearly marked as vegan, so there was no need to question staff and hope they knew what they were talking about rather than talking through their arse as I have experienced elsewhere. The flavorful soup contained: tomatoes, potatoes, yellow squash, zucchini, carrots, onions, edamame, broccoli, corn, leeks, celery, and mushrooms. I bought a wheat roll to accompany it and ended up with an unexpectedly good and satisfying vegan lunch. I'm so glad I decided to check out their options. I never would have guessed they offered anything vegan. Yeah! Great travel food in a pinch.This place is funny, the layout of the joint is one big square with food all around it. There is no place to stand where you don't bump into a person. i took a red-eye from Seattle here I arrived around 6 i asked the lady for a smoothie and she looked at me like i asked her for  a rock of crack. 
1.16$ extra for a toothpaste sleeve of cream cheese.... really?this au bon pain is pretty good, although the service is kind of slow. i ordered 2 salads, and it seemed to take about 10-15 minutes for them to be prepared even though no one was ahead of me in line. i had also asked for egg whites on the salad, and even though the server assured me he could do that, he did end up putting the whole egg on.
as a positive, the food seemed pretty fresh, and i liked the options that were available to add. it's hard to find healthy options in an airport, so i appreciated that there was the customizable sandwich and salad line.Great place at the airport for a quick bite. If you have time before an early morning flight, the oatmeal buffet served as a great breakfast. For under $4 you can get a large oatmeal and fill with your choice of toppings (dried cranberries, raisins, brown sugar, cinnamon, almonds).If this is for the C terminal location, I find they are consistently pretty good, especially considering some of your other options. You can eat something "safe" (no one wants an upset belly on a 3 hour flight) and healthy to boot.
If you want a basic salad/sandwich and some sides (drink, snack, etc.), hard to beat. People are pretty friendly and patient for some people waiting for them to make up their mind on what they are ordering, etc. 
Nice that there is a large glass window, so if you're meeting someone or even just people watching, you can look out.Just your standard airport au Bon pain.  Wish they had smoothies.  I stopped by to grab their blueberry, granola Greek yogurt parfait. For breakfast.  Edible enough, and you should know I'm quite particular about food.Oh my goodness... never eat here.
I was clearly way too much of a nuisance.. how dare I bother to request food at their food establishment.  How dare I bother them during their chatter about the movies and their plans for the weekend.  I mean, how annoying can a person be?  Interrupting useless conversation to make you work while you're at work?
They were so clearly annoyed with me for ordering food, they stood around chatting amongst themselves for 5 more minutes before bothering to start working on my sandwich!  Why I stayed to wait and get something thrown together, I don't know. 
Well, I learned my lesson.  Didn't go back there on my return trip back home.  And never going there again.
-----------------------------------
Explanation of my rating system -
5*: Epitome of something, the best I've had, would LOVE to go back
4*: Great food and happy to go back regularly, but not the best of the category
3*: Food is fine.  I may spontaneously decide to go there based on convenience.  But no need to go back either.
2*: If you insist, I guess I'll come along. I'll find something to eat. But I wouldn't have picked it.
1*: No plans to come back.  I'll try to talk companions out of going.Don't eat the steak and cheese sandwich if you value your stomach lining. I just had one and threw it away. Truly, truly disgusting.I've been to this ABP quite a few times, when I'm running from one terminal to the next at PHL International. 
I do like ABP for their variety, and "healthy-feeling" foods. You can get soup, salads, wraps, coffee, etc. Everything's pretty appetizing, fresh, and yummy. 
My problems here have been: The prices, and the customer service. Neither of which are outstanding.
Don't you worry though, PHL ABP, I will return... and I will walk away with my delicious salad - grumbling, but happy.Just got an iced coffee at the Terminal C Au Bon Pain out of desperation when I saw how long the Starbucks line was. Big mistake. It's literally just lightly brown-tinted water to the point where it barely counts as coffee. It's hands down the weakest coffee I've ever had and the little flavor it has makes it taste incredibly old and stale. Add in the incredibly rude staff and this is probably the last place I'd suggest going in the entire airport if you're looking for coffee, unless you prefer dirty dish water in the morning.If this is for the C terminal location, I find they are consistently pretty good, especially considering some of your other options. You can eat something "safe" (no one wants an upset belly on a 3 hour flight) and healthy to boot.
If you want a basic salad/sandwich and some sides (drink, snack, etc.), hard to beat. People are pretty friendly and patient for some people waiting for them to make up their mind on what they are ordering, etc.
Nice that there is a large glass window, so if you're meeting someone or even just people watching, you can look out.Oh I hate that I was traveling and starving and thought I'd get a chocolate croissant at au Bon pain in the Philadelphia airport terminal f. Mistake!
Dried out and two dots of chocolate inside.  Wasted a lot of calories on it but I assure you I will never eat at an au Bon pain again. Unless it's a bottled waterTerminal A at the airport. Coffee ran out while dispensing. No half and half...bone dry...the attendant stayed on her cell phone the whole time people were paying. Wow.. people just don't value their jobs anymore. I am a general manager of a retail business and she would never ever work for me. Long walk to the next coffee shop, so i paid for it. Plus she made me value my employees even more now.Only place  w/ hot food at Terminal F. The Black Forest Ham / Cheddar & Mac/ Cheese were very tasty.Paid  $9 for a salad, $1 extra for avocado which entailed 1 slice of avocado in the salad (about half a cm thick). When I complained thinking it was a mistake, the servers said "you only git like one quarter an avocado", what a joke. Go to chipotle right next door.
Horrible service, very rude workers. Other locations of Au Bon Pain are not at all like this, I usually enjoy this place elsewhere.This is a review of the chocolate covered macaroons - YUMMMM! Definitely kept me occupied during my layover...!! haha
The soups and bread looked really good too. I couldn't pig out that much though... next time!!!Stopped here for a quick healthy bite between my flights after checking out several of the eateries in the "hub". Loved the variety of sandwiches and salads that they had available--everything from chicken to turkey, to beef and vegetarian options. It was extremely hard to choose what I wanted, so I finally decided on the turkey waldorf sandwich. I asked for spinach to be added as I love spinach and I am trying to increase my vegetable intake (smile). The sandwich was bursting with flavor--all of the ingredients (the provolone cheese, mayo, apples, almonds, spinach/romaine lettuce,  and fresh chicken all wrapped together in a whole wheat wrap) came together so well. I was so sad when I had my last bite. 
If you are looking for something sweet they have tons of fresh bakery items available--cookies, Danishes, scones, and cupcakes--all in a variety of flavors. It was so hard not to get something as all of the sweets looked so good and fresh!
I love that so many chain restaurants including Au Bon Pain are using less processed and non-antibiotic containing ingredients. And on top of this it was just $8, which is not bad for airport food. So, if you are looking for something fresh and healthy to eat I definitely would make this a stop on your trip to the Philadelphia airport.I was in the airport location, in Philadelphia. Decent coffee. Great place for an internet connection.Surprised...no wait...
Shocked...no wait...
Confused...no wait...
Perplexed...no wait...
Amazed...that's it...
AMAZED...by how bad my breakfast sandwich was!
Ham, egg, and cheddar on an everything bagel. 
You make soup and sandwich. That's it, two things. Soup...and sandwiches! And yet you manage to suck every last ounce of life (and moisture) out of a simple breakfast sandwich.
Ham, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel. 
C'mon Au Bon Pain...how could you? 
Now let's break this down:
Paper thin ham is awesome when it's piled high. Not so awesome when it's served single slice. Ok...there were a few slices, but shouldn't they have covered, or at least attempt to cover,  the "egg"?
The "egg"... Separate vibrant yellow and bleach white colors formed in to a little patty. An egg shouldn't have to "try" to look like an egg or look appetizing. It just should be. This egg looked like something a child would make out of Play-doh. And Play-doh...would have been tastier.  
Cheddar... I missed you this morning.  
While I did find something slightly  translucent and stringy atop my Play-doh...I'm reluctant to commit to believing that it was in fact cheddar cheese. 
And the "bagel". Lets just say that tossing a few seeds on top of a Kaiser roll and calling it a bagel...doesn't make it a bagel.  Just like feeding this excuse for a breakfast sandwich to a hungry traveler doesn't make it a sandwich or breakfast.
Au Bon "PAIN"... 
Was that a clue for what lied ahead...
So sorry I didn't pick up on it.Not sure what streets the street pricing comes from here...  Pricey place for crappy airport food. Not to mention the cockroaches that dine here when foot traffic is light... (See my picture post)This review is for Au Bon Pain in the Phili International airport in the terminal C location. I don' really have a lot to write about this place. All i got was a Hot Tea before my flight. If i remember correctly my large hot cost $2.00 and change. The Hot tea and coffee is a Do-It-Yourself style setup. It was kinda a pain in the butt. Things were not labeled, Or if they were people put things back in the wrong places. The hot water was extremely hot. I needed one of those sleve covers.The milk and cream was not cold at all, It was room temp. I Noticed a lot of people were getting there pre made food. Au Bon Pain seemed to have everything from smoothies and iced tea to sushi and pulled pork sandwiches. They were all pre maid but it was fairly busy for a small location with a lot of Comp around. I would get Tea there again. the tea ended up getting me through my flight being canceled. my flight was at 9:15am and after it was canceled and got my Luggage back it was 7:00pm and i'm not joking. all for a 2 hr east coast flight. I should have gotten another tea haha.Love the soups and warm sandwiches. Pretty good food for a little airport joint. I travel a lot so I find myself eating here almost every other month. I have never had a bad meal yet. For the little place it is you cant expect to much. So they get 4 stars.It was okay for airport food. I usually get ABP at school which tends to be a lot fresher. The ingredients seemed a bit old but pretty much what you'd expect at an airport deli for a quick bite. I got the veggie delux salad, so it was "fresh made."
Friendly staff though.Au Bon Pain is well...Au Bon Pain...rerouted to PA...late night flight...Safe and pretty healthy food...had an grilled chicken and avocado wrap...tasty and fresh... the cashier was pleasant despite some rude customers...a good go to spot if waiting for a flight in PA...There are fruit flies everywhere and all over the pastries in the shelves.. they know it too because there is fruit fly traps all around.. super grossssssBased on previous reviews, it appears that this is the one in Terminal F, which is the location I'm reviewing. Let me state first off, I've never been to Au Bon Pain before, they don't have any locations where I'm from. While I looked at the menu to try to figure out what I wanted, I tried not to be *that guy* and stayed out of everyone's way.
The staff behind the counter were friendly, I'm pretty sure I ordered my sandwich in the most convoluted way possible but it wasn't an issue for them. It came out fast and was accurate and delicious. No complaints in terms of the food.
The drinks? Ugh. I'm 105% sure the teas were mislabelled. I went to the carafe labelled "Iced Black Tea" (the unsweetened one, can't remember if they had sweetened but it's irrelevant) and got that, added lemon and sweetener. I'll come back to the beverage in a second.
I went to pay and asked where the straws were because I looked all around and saw plasticware, napkins, coffee stirrers, lids, everything but straws. The cashier seemed baffled by the notion that I'd want a straw. I'm American and don't have a heavy accent of any type, surely I'm not the first person to ask for one. She directed me to...the plasticware. What. Ugh fine, I'll just drink out of the cup. Unhelpful.
The tea was umm...not plain black tea. Given how it tasted, I'm pretty sure it was their peach iced tea. Given that that's sweetened already, being doubly sweetened and having lemon, it tasted horrible. So I basically had no drink because I could only tolerate tiny little sips of that crap. Disappointment.
It might seem like overkill to give them two stars as a result, but basically getting the wrong drink (I look at it like, what if someone were diabetic? What if they're allergic to peaches?) and having an unhelpful cashier made it "meh" which according to Yelp is two stars.Best corn chowder and coconut macaroons I have ever had.  The people that work there are even somehwhat pleasant.  Amazing, I know, but true.  Love and miss you, Au Bon Pain.Airport food monopolies make me weep.  I'm stuck there, it's lunch time, and girl needs to eat.  Sadly, my terminal, terminal F, is under construction, so despite signs that flaunt what will be available to me in the future, the only options available now are a 'grab and go' and an ABP.  I perused the grab and go and nothing looked great to me, so I ventured farther down the hallway to ABP.  Salads looked ick...with brown avocados and sad, soggy strawberries.  I looked through a fair number of the sandwiches available and they looked a little past their prime as well.  I finally settled on a good-looking soup which ended up being incredibly bland and some crusty bread.  As I was checking out, a man brought a cart of (I assume) fresher food and replaced some of the salads and such, but it was too late for me.  
It's also a little tight to maneuver in an airport situation, seeing as most folks carry-on rollerbags now.Stopped here to get some breakfast at the airport. It was just okay. The Philadelphia airport is pretty lacking in food options compared to other airports I frequently fly to. For some reason they got rid of like all the Dunkin' Donuts that used to be in this airport, so that's how I ended up here. I would compare the menu at au bon pain to Panera, it has all the usual stuff like sandwiches, salads, bagels. My husband and I both got pastries and drinks. I had a chocolate croissant, it was good but no le bus. I thought this place was too expensive, it was like $15 for what we got. I will pick a different place next time we are in this airport.It's one place I can actually eat in when at an airport. 
The soups are very good and there's always a large selection.
You'll find cookies, pastries and other sweets as well.
The Linzer Tarts are nothing to write home about.....and I know my favorite cookie!Food is fine for the airport, but I have never seen less helpful staff than those working in the F gates. 
I am through this terminal at least monthly, and these people make Seinfeld's "Soup Nazi" seem friendly.
I'm sure Au Bon Pain management would be embarrassed if they made an undercover visit.Stopped in here before boarding my flight. Coffee was good and fresh and there were options for milk or cream along with the usual varieties of sugar and sweeteners. I did find the coffee station to be a little "trashier" than I would have liked. It's not that it was per se dirty, but the little trash bin was certainly full with coffee stirrers sticking out. I also grabbed an Asiago bagel with honey pecan cream cheese to go. I enjoyed my coffee before the flight and my bagel in-flight!Had an early morning flight and grabbed breakfast on the way to my gate. All the pastries looked fresh. I had an almond croissant which was very good and a coffee.Terminal A. I have been to a lot of au bon pains and the food is pretty similar.  But, this place has some extras that made my trip for a cup of tea on my way to Mexico a real plus.  First, sample cookies everywhere.  I had a bite of oatmeal raisin, a bite of chocolate chip and a bite of macadamia nut.  After that, I felt compelled to buy a cookie (I guess that is why vendors put the delicious stuff out), but the dark mud slide cookie (or whatever it was called) was pretty dry, making me wonder how the mud could possibly have slid.  But I digress.  Second, the staff was great.  They offered me sample cookies, walked from the register to the cookie window to help me make my selection, handled the bill nicely and encouraged me to complete the guest survey to get some money off my next purchase. I am about to do just that.
When you are captive audience anywhere it is not pleasant, but this ABP makes it tolerable. Thanks.20 minutes to get an egg sandwich at the Au Bon Pain in terminal F. Pain is the word for it. Try Le Bus instead.4 stars for the Sweet Cheese CroisBun ($2.79, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/au-bon-pain-philadelphia-14?select=d419ayofdFcDqETeJufkqQ#d419ayofdFcDqETeJufkqQ), which was buttery, flaky, and had the perfect amount of cream cheese and sweetness- highly recommended. Since I had a layover at PHL, I walked around and explored the restaurants a bit. Au Bon Pain is a good place to pick up a quick meal if needed- they have salads, sandwiches, soups, pastries, drinks, etc. You can get in and out quickly as well. I will definitely be back to try additional pastries.Vraiment un grand choix salé et sucré : 2 sortes de scones, muffins, tartelettes, cookies, viennoiseries
et en boissons, il y a même un grand choix de thés en plus du café habituelI hadn't eaten here in a few years because I had such bad memories from previous trips of a dirty store with rude staff.  Well, things haven't changed.  Tables and floors are dirty, staff is rude.  And there's no recycling!  With all of the recylcable material that they sell, it's irresponsible to not have recycling containers.  Perhaps it's single-stream, but I saw no evidence of that.  The food isn't bad (typical ABP fare), but the place is so dirty and disorganized that I couldn't enjoy the food.Since Terminal F does not have a Dunkin Donuts and I needed coffee, stumbled upon Au Bon Pain and very happy I did. Reasonably priced and delicious.Wow....maybe they are having an off day. The Manager here needs to be retrained. She was more concerned with negotiating with her employees about when to take a break. The only other thing she was interested in was cashing people our.
Hello.....MONITOR THE FLOOR. IT'S DINNER TIME! LOSING SALES.
I have been sitting here for about 45 minutes.
No drink cups have been put out for drinks.
3 out of 5 coffees are out. Bread and soup bins remain low or empty. 
Tables not cleaned. 
Display case essentially bare.
Worst one I have been to in any airport and I have been in too many to count.Au Bon Pain terminal F across from gate 9 staffed by complete incompetents.  Asked for more cream, you are lucky to get a mumble.  The fat girl at register exposes clients to her large crack.   What a pig.Got off my red eye overnight flight, and needed coffee. NOW. Wandered into into here as my girl went and got some pizza, got coffee fresh and hot and with a yummy fresh bagel and cream cheese, for $3.39 (I got the large coffee but the advertised special was a small coffee plus bagel and cream cheese for $2.99). Awesome price for an airport place, and looked quite a bit healthier than the other food services places in the terminal.
Although I had a backpack on and I felt like I was bumping into everyone. Oh well. Sorry Philly peoples, I'm a stupid Los Angeles native.This was an Au Bon Pain in the F Terminal area.  It is rather small.  All I wanted was some iced tea--diet Snapple did the trick--and a bottle of water for my wife.
Very convenient to where we waited for our connecting flight.  Au Bon Pain is a quick stop.Dined on 12/14/12
Fast, efficient, and my Asiago bagel egg bacon and cheese sandwich was yummy. I like getting to order your food first and then moving on to the cash register; you get to check your order before you pay for it, awesome idea... Dunkin Donuts needs to learn a lesson!This ABP in the airport is pretty standard, and definitely gets the job done! 
I've eaten the baked pastries, salads, wraps, and soups at ABP and definitely enjoy the variety and freshness of the selection. 
I'd say this shop is much better than many other airport options, as far as taste, health, and money are concerned!I fell in love with the Salmon Wasabi bagel. I almost dreamed about having it before my flight returning home. I also highly recommend the black bean burger!This is a great place to get a nutritious meal at the airport. It's never crowded and you can eat in peace.Hmmm.  Not sure what to make of this place.  It's airport food, and as someone mentioned, it's probably one of the best options amongst a sea of mediocrity at PHL.  I thought I'd be healthy pre-flight and ordered the vegan avocado and vegetable wrap.  Note that the word "avocado" is called out prominently in the name of the wrap, but I challenge you to find more than a tiny sliver of avocado in the actual wrap itself.  When pointing this out to the manager on duty, she took my wrap back and gave me more, but even then it felt like a bait and switch.  If the word avocado is in the name of the wrap, give me more than a microscopic piece of avocado!Stranded in terminal F of course, delayed for 2 hours. Wandered out to grab a snack and stopped here for a sandwich. Got the chicken salad on raisin. Not bad for pre-wrapped. Till I saw what I had paid. $8.95 really.. I know it's the airport but come on.I really liked this location. I've been to several locations in different airports and they're never really consistent. Some locations you get terrible service in the food is awful, and some locations the employees are wonderful and the food is great. This is a full-service location so you're going to have a lot of options. I stopped in for a breakfast sandwich and although it took a while for them to make it, it was really good when I got it. Not super greasy like other breakfast sandwiches that you get at other breakfast locations throughout the airport. The employees were very nice and personable, and they have a huge Bakery section so you can get a bagel, cookie, croissant, just about anything you can think of. I've gotten a salad here before too and that was really good. This is definitely my go-to spot in this airport for food of any kind.Terminal F - Although it's the best place I found in the lower #'s of this terminal it's still lacking in choice. This particular shop has its baked goods and soups carted in from a larger store in terminal C so the earlier in the day you get there fresher the breads. 
Staff: I found them friendly and quick on service, which was really nice considering how early my flight was this morning. 
Overall: Clean, efficient and friendly so I wanted to give 4 Stars, especially considering normal airport cuisine but the lack of breakfast sandwiches, limited juice choices and not having the times the coffee was brewed (indicating freshness) written on the placards I had to give it 3. Maybe the next time I stop in Terminal F of PHL I will upgrade but for now it's just 3 Stars.For the airport - it's a decent bet.
In general?  It's meh.
If you are stuck in Philly airport you are way better off at ABP than at Famous Familia or that weird little chinese place, or even Chickie's and Pete's.
A safe, if airport-priced choice.The chocolate chip cookies are quite reasonable, they write the brew time on each urn, and the decaf doesn't taste watered down. Sold.
There's two cash register areas --- one for sandwiches and other complicated items, and an auxiliary behind the coffee urns for simple stuff.  Not a well-planned flow (lots of trying to get around somebody going the other direction when you're trying to get to the coffee), but it wasn't claustrophobic.Was a great spot to stop and grab a bite to eat before boarding. Mostly self serve and tons of food choices. The salad bar/sandwich station took the longest as it didn't move very quickly. Good high quality food tho. Was worth the stop.Grumpy teenage employees, old bread, bland sandwich and filthy restaurant. Need I say more? A total waste of money and calories. I could barely chew my sandwich, the bread was so hard.As far as a quick in and out food pick up place, this is not so bad at all. I like the option to grab a sandwich that is not fried or greasy. I bought a few goods from here but most recent was a chipotle turkey and avocado sandwich. I ate half at the gate and then the other half on the flight. The ciabatta bread was meh, not so wonderful because it wasn't fresh. Other than that, the sandwich did its purpose. 
On my flight back I stopped by again for a tex mex salad and it was a better option. It came with a full dressing packet and a fresh roll (really, it was a little stale). The salad was okay...not really much to complain about since it's prepackaged food. They also have soups, chips, drinks, trail mix bars and snacks. It isn't my favorite place in the airport but if you're on the run it's what works.This review is for the Terminal C connector location. I have stopped off at this location on numerous occasions while flying out of Philadelphia to order a salad. There is this particular woman who seems to always be there to take my order at the salad ordering station. She is a heavy African American woman. She has THE nastiest attitude I have ever experienced. She acts as if you are bothering her by placing an order. She appears to HATE her job. Whenever I order a salad and ask for a particular item to be omitted she rolls her eyes or blows air out of her mouth. A complete disgusting and nasty attitude. It's not only me she does it to, I have witnessed her acting rude to other guests and staring people up and down with a hostile look. If she HATES her job so much and HATES working with the public then she should go and work somewhere else. A thousand people would be grateful to have a job. She is the face of Au Bon Pain with every customer she is rude to and alienates. Au Bon Pain should FIRE her and re-train all of its employees and use her as an example of what NOT to do. When I come to Au Bon Pain to purchase food I come for just that and not this womans ATTITUDE. Its very likely that this stores General Manager and the shift supervisors are on auto-pilot and could care less if they don't see or acknowledge this kind of disgusting behavior. Get rid of her as I want love with my food not hate.Very surprised and happy to know the quality of au bon pain carries through with consistency, even at airports. 
The sandwich and pastries were very well made and good. Very pleased that I can look forward to airport food. I am constantly at the PHL airport and always forget to go here. I will definitely remember it for next time. 
I had the following items: black bean and avocado sandwich, sweet cheese danish, and the almond macaroon as a snack on the plane. Delicious!There's more than one ABP in Philly airport and supposedly they have "street" prices everywhere in the airport ensuring that you pay as much as you would outside the airport. ABP is your convenient stop to get a snack or a full meal here. Here you have your sandwiches and wraps, pastries (chocolate croissant!!) and various soups. I always stop by and pick up a yogurt parfait with granola. Easy to carry onto the plane =)You know what this is?  Average but when you are starving and getting on a plane is is a safe bet. I will go again and I also appreciate the very good customer service.Assuming that this is for the Au Bon Pain in Terminal F, I found it to be small.  It took me awhile to make my decision on which of the few remaining hot items to get and eventually, I settled on some sort of hot chicken & black bean wrap that I can't find on the online menu.  Checkout was easy as a worker noticed that I was ready and opened up a register just to help me.  The sandwich itself was satisfying though I had to quickly eat it due to boarding.Quit complaining about the prices - you are in an airport and 2-something for coffee is a great deal. The food is solid ABP fare (I like the sandwiches, the soups are a nice healthy option) and the lady called me "sweetie" - what more could I ask for? You can't be too picky grabbing nutrition as you sprint for your flight, and ABP is an easy, quick, reliable option.A bunch of high school drop outs making me a cold chicken avocado sandwich, the sandwich is called a warm chicken avocado sandwich.
The cursing and lack sanitation is also a disappointment, hopefully I won't be paying for this later on the plane.  
Chick Fila might have been a better choiceAu Bon Pain is French for 'this is not what I ordered'. This particular location is staffed and managed by people who could care less about customer service. Whatever is wrong, it's your problem not theirs. Go somewhere else.Quick, easy, notepad ordering. 
It is conveniently located in the outer C concourse area so it is an easy walk from the D terminal which has limited choices.In Terminal F, you'll find healthy breakfast options at Au Bon Pain.  They have a few egg white breakfast sandwiches on a low(er) calorie bagel.  Don't go into it expecting a fresh cooked egg and you won't be disappointed.  Their oatmeal is also quite good.  It appears to be steel cut oats but their website states otherwise.  Regardless, the apple cinnamon oatmeal was warm and filling.  the apples were fresh chopped apples not the dried apple chips you usually find in oatmeal.  They also have oatmeal toppings you can go crazy with if you don't mind the calorie count driving up significantly.   Their French roast coffee is always good, but how can you screw up coffee besides letting it get old?  The customer service is typical of Philly which is brusque at best.My daughter and I shared the Caprese sandwich.  Very fresh and delicious.  Much better option than most of the grease you find in most airport food options.Airport restaurants love to screw all the caged passengers but if you really want a good shafting drop by this "French Cafe". Coffee is ok if you are forced to purchase it.Good spot, considering that it's airport food. Four stars because they have comparatively good prices, fresh fruit, about six different soups, as well as made-to-order sandwiches. Just what I'm looking for when I'm traveling!My first experience at an ABP and it went great.  I'm a little leary of the taste of salads normally, especially those packaged in an airport.  The greatness of ABP is that they actually peice mill the parts and items (cucumbers, tomato, and cheese,etc) for you and mix it then put it in a covered bowl.  This keeps everything nice and fresh.
They get pretty busy here at times but the management and folks working behind the counter and cash register were very efficient so you can get in and out quickly.PHL airport location. Decent bagel and latte. Surprisingly reasonably priced, a fresh chewy bagel with cream cheese only $2.40! The selection here for pastries, salads, sandwiches, etc is incredible. I'd do it again, maybe I just will on the return flight home!Solid ABP, especially for an airport. I got a toasted bagel with honey pecan cream cheese and an iced tea and both were delicious. The ABP was spacious, and the custom breakfast and lunch selections (I tend not to like the to-go options) were on par with their larger, stand-alone locations. They also have salads, pastries, fruit, and drinks like coffee and juice. They have comfortable seats and tables at the back of the store. Next time I'm in terminal C, I'll be stopping here to grab a another bagel for my flight!There are several au Bon pain locations but the best one is right next to the tsa check in at terminal C. It has fresh salads, sandwiches, baked goods, desserts, coffee and the people are always friendly. I love it here for my breakfasts on the go and they even have healthy options. I usually go with a thin begal sandwich with avocado, egg white and cheddar cheese. I've gotta say when it comes to breakfasts on the go this is the best spot in PHL. They do have other mini locations in PHL and they are hit or miss.Wow. 
I don't expect much from chain food service, but at the very least I do expect to be treated with same respect and politeness I convey and exude.  I know the food will be a crap shoot.  No surprise it was tasteless, it served its purpose: substance. 
This rating is for the Rude staff and subpar cleanliness. 
The corporate executives need to read the reviews given to the various locations; then they could monitor and correct those that do not represent the original mission statement and standards that lead to their success.Standard ABP affair. Came in for a breakfast sandwich and a cup of coffee for around $6. It's not the cheapest, but it IS an airport eatery. Many people fail to realize that in these reviews.
The staff were really friendly and sweet. This seems to be a constant at all the ABP I've been to in my exprrinces traveling.
Recommended if in Terminal F in the morning since no other joints seem to have real breakfast (breakfast pizza doesn't count, Sbarros)
I come to these pretty often when traveling, but I think I'm alright not visiting this location unless I'm desperate for a croissant.They have a sign inside indicating they pay "too much attention to detail."  The problem is they are the wrong details.  The guy making my salad spent a lot of time making sure the lid was on tight, but neglected to pull out the wilted spinach, mushy tomatoes and got the wrong salad dressing.  The guy at the register made sure to call me sir and tell me to have a nice day while he put his hands all over the part of my water bottle that I drink from.  Low quality salad and soup ingredients at too high of prices.  I won't ever be back to any of their locations.Best option for decent healthy food at the Philly airport.  I ordered the Harvest Turkey salad and it was delicious. Service is slow, and employees seemed put out to have to be working during the busy dinner hours. Gal at the checkout was very friendly. Nice quiet dining area to eat and relax before my flight.I am compelled to write about their corn muffins. They are doughy and have the texture of playdoh. Furthermore, there are pieces of corn permeated throughout. This is totally unacceptable. Corn muffins are supposed to be light and have a slightly crunchy mouth feel. Au Bon Pain is celebrated for its baked goods - this transgression is particularly unforgivable given their reputation for pastries and baked goods.
I do find their soups to be quite good if not overpriced. The salads are fresh though smaller than their competitors. This is a perfectly acceptable if not memorable lunch destination.Good place to stop by in 30th st station if you just want some coffee or pastries to go. There are not many tables outside of the store.it was ok  just like every other Au Bon PainFlavorless half burnt ciabatta, precooked reheated egg, burnt bacon.  Go to cosi in 30th street instead, much better quality and better seating arrangement.  P.S. the morning blend coffee isn't very good either.A relatively healthy option in a sea of ... not so healthy options. Not that I'm criticizing Ben and Jerry's or the Chinese buffet - but it's nice to get a light sandwich or salad when you're going to be sitting on a train all day. 
This is an Au Bon Pain - maybe slightly friendlier than normal staff - but it really is exactly what you expect. They're a bit better than average for having wonderful café style seating (a nice change from sitting on the hard wood benches of the station) and free WiFi (which can also make getting seating a bit challenging).Do not bother with this place while in 30th Street Station. Plenty of other options. I paid $11 for a chicken margarita sandwich that was the size of a deck of playing cards. The "chicken" was deli meat and flavorless. There was no fresh basil as stated on the menu. The people cooking (and by cooking I mean putting things in the toaster oven) were friendly but the cashier could barely look away from her phone long enough to ring me up. Just don't waste your money.Horrible customer service... Ordered food....paid and my salad was never made... Had to leave to get back to work... No manager was there to process the refund... Went back today... No manager... The employees have no clue where they are or when they will return... Still no food/ no refundThe food is good, sandwiches well made, workers are nice and the store is clean. The reason for my low rating is that they do not offer crackers with the soup. If you want anything to go with it, you have to buy a piece of so-so bread. I would way rather have saltines, even if I had to pay for them, than some-what flavorless bread. Any soup establishment should always offer some free carbs with soup.Nothing special here but if you're looking for a quick bite while you're at the 30th St station, they are worth a look. Wasn't a fan of the coffee but my breakfast sandwich was good and the baked goods looked decent.Delicious. I'm a breakfast person but I'm not a fan of fast food or breakfast on the go kinda things.. I was pleasantly surprised by how tasty this breakfast sandwich was. The ciabatta roll was on point, soft and fluffy on the inside and nice and crunchy on the outside. It really did taste like it was from a fine bakery.. Anyhoo, the egg was also tasty, not the yellow rubbery stuff either. The white and the whole cooked yolk were visible. 
The pastry selection is amazing and enticing. After taking much time to decide on just one choice I decided to try the Pecan Roll.......Yummy...... Flaky and buttery, kinda crunchy and sticky and chock full of pecans. So delicious. So decadent and I will be thinking about it again and again until I have another one hehehe
I will definitely keep this place in mind next time when I want a quick breakfast on my way to work!!I tried their lobster sandwich for lunch today and it was dreadful .  I've had tuna fish sandwiches better then that lobster sandwich. There were shells in what they considered was lobster meat.  The meat was very gamey and foul tasting.  The only reason I finished it is because of the $13.10 + tax  price tag.  Please don't waste your money on this.   Panera has a much better lobster sandwich and it's worth its price.I went in here once just to buy a bottle of water before getting on a train. Although it was the dinner hour, they only had 2 people working and both were making sandwiches behind the counter.  I could't get anyone to check me out for a mere bottle of water and it was getting close to when my train was leaving, so I went elsewhere. I nearly missed my train.Kafka-esque system of being (rudely) sent around in circles. When we arrived there were several employees standing around idly and no other customers. We checked out the pre-made sandwiches but wanted something different. We tried to get someone's attention but were ignored at first. When we finally caught one of their attention and tried to order a sandwich, we were pointed, wordlessly, back to the section with pre-made sandwiches. No problem, we must have missed the sandwich there somewhere. No, here's the label but no sandwiches. We went back to the sandwich area, and got told, testily, that we had to pay before we ordered. So now to the teller, who wants us to tell her what the cookies in our basket cost. So, back to the pastry section to figure out the price, then back to the teller, then back to the sandwich place to get our sandwich. If this sounds like fun to you, by all means visit this establishment ... my question is why have so many people standing around if they can't be helpful? Why not an electronic kiosk? Or at least clearer signage?I was just served frozen chicken.  I would make sure you check your order before you get on your train!5 stars to Au Bon Pain for consistency. No matter what airport or train station I'm in, I'm going to find something yummy & vegan friendly. 
This morning at 30th Street was no exception. I was STARVING after a nonstop morning--woke up, went to Flywheel, came home, showered, packed, & headed for the train. No time to eat. When I got here, I finally had some time, so I checked out all the food options. Au Bon Pain. And they had oatmeal. Which is one of my favorite breakfasts. 
5 stars to THIS Au Bon Pain for friendliness. Everyone was really nice to me. Even when I spilled oatmeal & brown sugar all over the place. 
Yep. I'm a fan.One star because their coffee is decent.
I take the train to 30th street station everyday and typically get breakfast someplace close before work. Last week I visited this Au Bon Pan and ordered an egg white, ham and cheese sandwich on a wheat bagel and then poured myself a cup of black French roast coffee. The employees who take orders and make the food always look extremely perplexed and confused and like the sandwich you just ordered is some sort of complicated feat of engineering that they've never had to create before...
I get to my office, open up my sandwich and find egg whites and cheddar and no ham. I look at my receipt and, yup, I paid for the non-existent ham. Ugh. 
Today I went again (I know, fool me twice) and ordered the same sandwich and poured myself a cup of the holiday blend coffee. More confusion when ordering the sandwich- it was like the woman had never seen the order pad before. She asked me at least four times what I wanted and another woman behind her (who was making the sandwiches) parroted it back three times before getting started. No room for error here!
Let me just add a caveat that the best way to start my Monday off terribly is when purchasing breakfast or just a cup of coffee becomes a total ordeal and takes longer than the five minutes it should. We are in a train station, it should be obvious that people are on a schedule, right?? So this morning I get in line to pay and the cashier spends 2-3 minutes chatting up every patron who approaches her. There are 7 people in line ahead of me and no other registers open (despite the 5+ workers milling about the store). 13 minutes later and I am finally paying for my meal... Yeah, I'm frustrated. 
Just got to work and unwrap my sandwich.. I'm confused what this yellow stuff is in my egg whites.. Shame on me I guess. Lesson learned.Usually I'm not a big fan of any kind of chain stores. Yet I enjoyed the Au Bon Pain at 30th Street Station particularly. Not sure whether it's a circumstantial thing since I just moved to NYC and missed my good old Philly to death. Last time I visited, I was waiting for the train going back to the crowded big apple. There wasn't the ridiculously long line you see in New York. The baristas were super nice. And the jalapeno bagel, just loved it. Overall, I had great experience here.A chain bakery in the train station, this location is fairly clean and has a decent stock of baked goods at all hours when we're commuting to and from.
Never tried the coffee.
Only issue I had here were the lines.Meg and team make my visits extra special! I love the breads, soups, salads and desserts. My favorite part of my visit is the staff, everyone is very helpful and for a high volume store the lines move pretty quickly. I love the 15 vegetable soup and the cupcakes are the perfect size.The person taking my order wasn't listening to me in the least, I had to tell her 3 times I wanted ranch dressing.  Terrible customer service from her, to put it frankly.  The lady at the counter was all too jovial, and mildly made up for my terrible experience.  But when I finally sat down to enjoy my salad...it was COMPLETELY the wrong thing.
Someone from Au Bon Pain said that they were going to follow up with me regarding my experience and never did.
Nice to know the lack of customer service runs up the chain.I hit the jackpot when I started going to Au Bon Pain! I arrive just before 6:00am and they are already open! They have the best oatmeal with all the fixings....brown sugar, cranberries, almonds, raisins, etc. Most of the servers and cashiers are pleasant even early in the morning, and it actually helps me become more pleasant at such an ungodly hour. 
Their two most terrific items in my book are their turkey, kale & wild rice soup and the cinnamon crisp bagel....my, my, my!!  Delightful! I also like the fact that they carry Smart Water because many stores in this location only carry  spring water.
If you're looking for several options for breakfast, good options for lunch, or fresh baked cakes, cookies & pastries, this is the place!The food here is pretty standard, as far as the Au Bon Pain chain goes.  It irks me that they don't have side salads.  They did for a short time, and then they went away.  It also bothers me that their caloric information contradicts itself.  Yesterday they had two cards for the Chicken Caesar Salad...One said it was 300 calories, the other said it was 520.  I'm no mathematician, but I know that it can't be both.  
My biggest problems with this place are the layout and the customer service, which when you're checking out work hand-in-hand.  There isn't really a counter, so you're left kind of juggling your food and your purse, and God forbid you have a drink as well.  Then, they don't bag your food for you, they just hand you the bag.  Picture it:  You're stuffing your change bag into your wallet, all the while trying to bag your own food and get out of the way because there is a line of customers behind you.  Oh, and the guy in front of you is still fumbling with his stuff.
I'll go here if I'm getting an early or late lunch, but at the busy hour?  Forget it.Plain and simple. It's a great place for a healthy lunch on the go. The staff are actually nice and helpful.I just left Au Bin Pain in the 30th street station dissatisfied and grossed out. The Gorgonzola cheese was fuzzy from being old which totally ruined my salad which was actually pretty good, so I showed the manager there who was working the register and pointed it out and asked if I could just have a little mixed greens with tomatoes to make for it, she was so rude. Didn't apologize, made the guy who was making salads and had no one waiting on salad, stop making it for me and told me I would have to wait for her to make it if I wanted it.. and started doing something with the coffee. I didn't ask her for my money back which is what I should have done or ask her to remake my whole salad.. Ridiculous.I work not to far from this location... its a great place to grab lunch since they have a pretty wide variety of items...I tend to lead towards the tomato cheddar soup and when I'm having a bad day I also pick up a CRÈME DE FLEUR ...[506]
The food here is great so you will always get a quality product.
Customer service is hit or miss.  Sometimes everyone is nice and sometimes it's like they are not morning people.
Seating is right outside the restaurant in the train station.
I might be back if I'm at the train station.Stopped in once while in 30th Street - looked around and left.
I'm not a big fan of Au Bon Pain.These employees in this establishment have very nasty attitudes and it seems as if they really don't want be there. I go to get a quick breakfast sandwich and every time I'm ready to order they seem to be so annoyed ALWAYS. Without a fail. News flash, you can always find another job. Lighten up.This place is dirty, disorderly, comes with a side order of bad attitude and preoccupied employees whom your are of no concern to. I'd not recommend, go to cosi where you'll at least be treated decently. They also eat out in the open and every time every thing is such a hassle. 3rd time I haven't a clue how or why I gave them 3 chances. But do do dumb like me n come hereI occasionally go to the Au Bon Pain location in One Liberty Place when in Philly and I usually have a nice meal. However, like most chains or franchises their train station location is always worse than their regular stores. 
I was in a bit of rush so I picked up some of their pre-made food. I got a balsamic chicken with a caprese salad, a ham croissant and a chocolate chip muffin. 
Their variety of drinks were amazing with options including sparkling water, soda and Nantucket juices. I decided to get a Nantucket juice and some coffee.
First, the balsamic chicken with the caprese   salad was pretty much average. The chicken was good, but was not seasoned. The caprese salad was average as well. The  mozzarella cheese was excellent, but the tomatoes did not taste too fresh. They included some vinaigrette, but it was already put on the salad so by the time I got the salad, the dressing was dry and flavorless. 
I only had a few bites of the croissant. The breading was really good, but the cheese through everything off. It was below average.  
Their chocolate chip muffin was really good. The top was delicious with chocolate chips while inside was cakey. 
Their coffee was just okay, but they were out of half-and-half. The Nantucket juice tasted the same as it does from any other store. 
Altogether, this Au Bon Pain is nowhere near as good as the other locations in the area, but it serves its purpose.This specific Au Bon Pain CONSISTENTLY opens LATE. The indifference of the staff and management here is particularly annoyingPretty much the best option at the 30th st station for lunch (there aren't very many good options). I usually get the thai chicken salad, which is ok. The ingredients aren't very fresh, and there is very little chicken, so I usually end up adding in extra chicken or add avocado as well. The dressing is tasty though.
It's usually quick and easy, and price is fine. The people there are nice, and they have a good selection of teas/baked goods.The baked goods to go with your better-than-dunkin coffee arguably come close to authentic French bakery quality.  Healthful fresh selections of salads and sandwiches.  Always half-a-dozen soups to choose from.  Plenty for the vegetarian.
But the best part of Au Bon Pain is the people -- they happily greet you, look you in the eye and exchange pleasantries of the day.  What a wonderful way to refuel!
Service should be judged in context: they are the quickest in busy 30th Street Station.  They'll make sure you catch your train!I love the coffee and I love the pastries. I tried the new strawberry cheese croissant and loved every second of it, even at 5pm. If anyone wants to bring me a treat, I will take a pastry and a cup of coffee ANY DAY.While this is an Au Bon Pain and not an establishment where one expects five-star service, there are basic things required to provide decent service -- one of those is knowing what the menu items are well enough to prepare a sandwich. 
I ordered the half sandwich + small cup of soup deal, with the sandwich being the Chipotle Black Bean Burger with Avocado. The young lady behind the counter, who was nice, informed me that there was no ciabatta bread. Ok, cool, I'll take wheat. 
Then she reconfirmed with me twice what I wanted to order, and each time I said Chipotle Black Bean Burger with Avocado. After I was certain there could be no room for confusion left, she started putting together a roast beef sandwich with mayo while staring at a menu display, ostensibly getting the ingredient list for some mystery sandwich. I looked at my friends, who were equally perplexed as there was no one else in the place at this time, and I reminded her that my sandwich did not come with roast beef (hence the big green "V" for vegetarian on the menu). She looked bewildered and quietly went to grab her manager--I'm still unsure why the manager was needed--who came over in a huff and asked what I wanted. Note that by this time, the whole idea of the cup of soup is out the window. 
Her: "What was your order?"
Me: "The chipotle black bean burger with avocado. It doesn't come with any meat." *I point to the menu*
Her: *huff* The Turkey Club with Avocado comes with mayo, lettuce and onions. (To the first girl) Put mayo on both sides of the bread. 
Me: "No, the chipotle black bean burger with avocado. It's two items above the turkey club on your menu." Note: Why she was having the girl put together a roast beef sandwich when she was saying turkey and neither of those were what I ordered is totally beyond me. 
Her: Oh. *pulls bag of ciabatta out, as the first young lady was not familiar with ciabatta bread*
After a ~20 minute ordeal in this place that had me all too close to missing my train, I wasn't pleased in the least. The burger was actually better than I expected, but it left me with a flash of heartburn, and I eat things about a thousand times spicier than this regularly. The whole above process was absolutely absurd. I also never got my cup of soup. Skip this ABP!A nice selection of fresh items in a huge transportation hub - I'll take it! The waits to pay are sometimes interminable though (they have two cash registers but usually one one cashier manning them). But they get the job done.I stop here often and 9 times out of ten I ask myself "why did I come back here?". The coffee is typically weak and full of grounds and my breakfast order is almost always botched. No matter how many times they repeat my order back to me, they get it wrong. I now have to stand and watch them make my sandwich. And never an apology when they screw up an order. Instead, I get eye rolls and an annoyed attitude.Disappointed about the pricing. I understand it's at a train station but I should not be paying $3.44 for a plain croissant. The only reason they're getting 2 stars from me and not 1 is that at least the workers were pleasant. It's better to eat/grab a snack a different food place in the station or find a place outside the station. Too expensive for no reason!So the company has this promotion of all bakery half off from 9 to 10 pm on weekdays. I pass by that store on my way but don't often go there. So few weeks ago I went to ask one of the employees do you still have this promotion but she said no. Then a friend of mine told me that's not true so few days later I went again around 8:30 pm and I was surprised to see the cashier taking out most of the bakery trays to the back of the store and when the time came to 9 she kept telling customers they are out of these pastries and bakeries. Wow. Lovely. Well maybe Starbucks and dunkin donut don't have the same promotion every day but I doubt they would treat their customers like that. You know one time I had a coupon for cinemark movie theaters and thought I can use it at AMC but the employee explained to me they are not the same company but still he honored the coupon. For your records that's called customer service. Thanks anyways.Worst service ever. Got my entire order wrong. Buyer beware! Ordered a bagel with cream cheese and an iced macchiato. No cream cheese and they decided to add soy- something I'm allergic too. Guy was gonna redo it but it would've taken even longer than it has. Don't waste your time. I wasted $7The 1st time I went into an Au Bon Pain was 25 years ago for a school trip to Boston. I remember having an Orangina and a chocolate croissant. And for years I was hooked on those chocolatey pastries.
Now that I am "health conscious" (code for- worried about my waistline), I usually go for their 200 calorie snack packs. The place is overpriced and the food isn't that good, but when I have 60 minutes to kill, I can't help but wander in.
The coffee is pretty good to me, not as scorched and bitter as Starbucks, but not as watered down as Dunkin Donuts.My bread stick my stale and the prices don't match the quality.  Had barely any soup options and the register person was not that friendly. One of the worst ones I've been tooRemember when Au Bon Pain was the nice place to get breakfast? Not anymore. The woman told us she was the only one in the disheveled, dirty spot and told us "we'll get there when we get there" in response to our order. We left.This is my soup & sandwich craving , go to spot . I love it ! Soup is always good & sandwiches always taste fresh . Even the grilled cheese is phenomenal ! The only down side is that they run out of soup quickly some times .Even before sharing details, $6.46 for a bagel with cream cheese and small coffee, even in the train station of a major city, might warrant a single star or less. But 'might warrant' quickly becomes 'certainly merits' once the thinness of the cream cheese layer, the scantness of the bagel, the freshness of the bagel and the stickiness of the soles of my shoes thanks to their nasty floor are taken into account."Bagel" was a hard roll with a hole. NOT a bagel. And $1.89 - not toasted, no toppings, just a self-serve out-of-the-case bagel. Blech.Sandwiches are meager, which earns the star for this one. This review is about customer service. I'm always AFRAID to order from the sandwich people because of the shitty attitude they have. This tall black girl with dreads took my order, I don't know her name, but she was SO confused after I ordered with her, gave me such a dirty expression that scared me off. I don't trust her to make my sandwiches. Please fix ALL of your employees and tell them to be nice to their customers. I was about to order 3 sandwiches but I guess Cosi will get my business today, and every day mvng forwardThere's a reason why people go to Panera and not ABP. I was in transit and wanted a chicken Cobb salad quickly from the train station. When I had sat down on the train and opened my container I realized there wasn't a single piece of chicken.... in a CHICKEN Cobb salad. How absurd. Negative 10 stars if possible.Located inside 30th Street Station, it's a great go to spot for breakfast on the run.  They have a decent selection of bagels, pastries, fruit, drinks.  There's even a sandwich bar where someone can make you a quick, hot, customized breakfast sandwich.  Some sandwiches and specials are only offered on weekdays so be prepared to reorder.  
The customer service is pretty friendly.  It's not as nice as other Au Bon Pain, but it does the trick and it's easy.  Cheap, hot, and reliable.I don't know what it is about 30th Street Station and it's lackluster food options, but for frequent travelers, it's a real drag. 
Like the Cosi that proceeded it in this location, Au Bon Pain is your typical fast-food sandwich and coffee shop. Also like Cosi, there isn't any consistency in quality the food and service. I've stopped here several times on business and personal trips, by myself and with family or coworkers, and every single visit we experience something different. 
Sometimes the place is clean, other times there's food and trash everywhere. Sometimes the coffee is fresh and awesome, sometimes it's lukewarm and bitter. Sometimes the sandwiches look and taste decent, other times the bread is soggy and the filling tasteless.
The made-to-order line is the way to go if you have time to place an order. Sometimes getting the employees' attention can be difficult, though I've generally found the sandwich makers to be more pleasant than the cashiers. Something about working a register and weighing food all day that just makes people grumpy, I guess. 
Visiting earlier in the day helps, but I've been here first thing in the morning and still experienced messes and lack of options, so I don't know. Roll your dice and spend more than you should have to here, or wait until you get to your destination to grab some food.The service was decent. The server corrected mistakes n apologized. I honestly can't complain. Food was actually pretty good. 
Unfortunately,  no where to sit, so I just stood around w my bag of food n waited for my train. Even tho it cooled down by the time I was seated, it was still really tasty.I got an everything bagel from this place, small but looked good. I took one bite out of it and the bagel itself was very hard, stale, and hurt my jaw just to eat it.