I lean more on the 3.5 side. We went a little while ago, in the fall. The food was decent, but did not blow me away. However, they had the best damn pumpkin pie i ever tasted. We both agreed it was out of this world. I will one day make it back to eat it againI went to August on a Friday night with my boyfriend. It was pretty busy, and we got there a little late, but they were still accommodating, which was nice. The restaurant itself is very small; there is hardly any room for people to wait. 
The service was slow throughout the night - it took about 10-15 mins for the waitress to come to us to take our order. They only had 2 waitresses for the restaurant, they probably could have used an extra person. It took about 20-25 mins for our food to come out.
I ordered the Penne with shrimp, and my boyfriend, the Italian sausage bolognese. Both were very good in my opinion, very traditional Italian in taste. My boyfriend had similar impressions of the bolognese, and we definitely had a great meal.
The waitress informed us that they had a special tiramisu for dessert on the menu, so we had to get that (I'm a tiramisu addict). It was very, very good - light and creamy, just like it should be. 
All in all, I definitely recommend this BYO for smaller groups or dates - it's definitely a nice place to bring a bottle of wine. But be prepared for slow service, especially on a busy night!At August you are family.  This very cozy, exceptional eatery is owned and run by the nicest people.  This is our favorite restaurant in Philly and they treat us like family, literally.  Even if they didn't treat us so fondly, I could find nothing less than 5 stars from food to service to atmosphere.  Enjoy this very special restaurant; we do as often as possible.To say that I was disappointed doesn't even begin to cover how I feel about this restaurant. 
Our reservation was at 9 and I wanted to come in 20 minutes early for my reservation but they told us that we had to wait 20 minutes. I said fine and came back at 9pm. But still, they made us wait another 20 minutes in a small corner near where the coats are located. They kept apologizing but there was tables open at the restaurant! I was completely pissed off by this point because they kept making us wait. So I started timing them. My reservation was at 9, we did not get seated until 9:20. Then they allow us to sit there without a menu for another 5 minutes. They came back to take our order 10 minutes later and brought the bread to our table 7 minutes later. So even though our reservation was at 9, we did not get any type of food till 9:42. I'm the type that if I get hungry, I get angrier. So I was not enjoying the night at all. They failed to refill our drinks for a long time and when someone finally offered to refill my drink, that same someone forgot to actually get the drinks. We had to request it again from someone else. Did I mention we had to flag down someone to take our dessert order after 10-15 minutes of waiting? No one came back!
I get that it's New Year's Eve and that they were busy but I was sitting here watching them give preferential treatment to another couple who knew the chef while we were completely ignored. And I don't know if it's just me, but if the reservation said 9, I should be seated within 5 minutes of the reservation not 20 minutes later.
First time I came here the service was good but that's because they were empty. This time, their service was one of the worst I've ever had. It ruined a special night for me and I was so done with the place. Their only saving grace? The food was actually really decent. But it wasn't worth the service that they provided.
If you want to try out this place, feel free. But if you see that the restaurant is crowded, run for the hills.Went here with my 3 girlfriends. You have to make reservations, as the place is quite small. The food was good and BYOB. They brought out bread, but no O.O., just butter and the bread was cold. The menu was much smaller than what was on the website but it was alot. I had shrimp and pasta which was a good size. My other friends had the tilapia and bowtie pasta with crab meat. Again these were good portions. However, my other friends ordered the fresh fettuccine and the portion was very small. We joked that they must have run out!!! It would definitely recommend this place and will go back, just know some of the portions maybe small. Also it is CASH ONLY.August is very nice and cozy on the inside; seeing the chefs cook your meal a few feet away is pretty cool.  The staff was also very nice, professional and anticipated our needs very well.
That said, my wife and I were let down by the food.  While good, it was on the bland side.  We shared the calamari and both had the crab with farfalle which, to their favor, had quite a lot of crab meat in it.  Both dishes, unfortunately, were lacking in flavor.  I did also have the bread pudding which was excellent; very moist and quite delicious.
Maybe it was just an off night and maybe we'll give it another shot down the roadMy wife and I love going here. We go to many BYOB's (very rarely eating in a liquor licensed place) and August is the most consistent of them all. The owners & servers make you feel at home and never rush you out. The menu changes and we have never eaten a bad meal. Parking is easy too.I can not express how wonderful this place is, from calling for a reservation, the delicious food, and wonderful service. This place is TOP NOTCH! 
Plus it is BYOB:
My friend and I shared the calamari for an appetizer
I had the tilapia- which was huge and sooo yummy
my friend had the pork special, which was out of this world
Dessert we split the bread pudding- AWESOME
Just love this place- I can not wait to go back!Absolutely love this place!. My partner and I have been there twice so far and both times everything was awesome! Our other dining companions were equally impressed.
The people there are wonderful, they're friendly, attentive and make you feel right at home. I like the layout of the room also - not cramped at all, comfortable seating. The music they played set the mood perfectly.
The Caesar salad is wonderful, as are the soups that have been tried. Their minestrone was out of this world delicious and I don't even LIKE minestrone soup! 
Pasta Bolognese (sp?) and Veal Milanese Entrees were both excellent. Desserts were wonderful as well (we tried the Banana Bread pudding ... major yum!)
Definitely recommend this place, we're looking forward to going back again soon!This is one of those places that I contemplated giving a review as I just want to enjoy it all to myself but alas, these reviews are for the masses and the restaurant deserves a good job.  I went there for a Friday night dinner, its ByoB and nothing special inside as far as the space is concerned (typical PHilly BYOB).  We ordered scallops, beet salad and a fish (can't remember exactly as this was several weeks ago).  The menu itself wasn't overwhelming and pretty basic but the food absolutely DELIVERED.  It was just so delicious I couldn't stand it.I work four blocks from August and drive by it almost everyday, but it is so unassuming from the outside, you tend not to notice it, but you should. It's a small converted corner store front at 13th and Wharton, so small that when you walk in the front door, you are immediately in the dining area which has about 15 tables. It's cozy but not too cramped.    
One server, at least the night we were there handles all the tables, with some help from the owner (I think she was).   The cooking area is open to view from the tables, but a half wall  hides most of the activity of that only occasionally you see a big flash of flame or hear the sizzle.   The food was delicious. I had the chicken with mashed potatoes. It was just enough.  My wife had the shrimp with pasta and raved about it.   I actually picked the restaurant because of all the yelp reviews about the great cheesecake. I'm a cheesecake lover, and this was pretty good. It was different, very light for a cheescake, with a lemon hint.   
Service was pretty good considering there was only one waitress. She hustled.  We went on a Tuesday evening and about 12 of the tables were in use, so I suggest calling ahead for reservations even on a weekday night.
Note this is cash only.  NO credit cards and BYOB.The atmosphere is great, sort of seductive. Service was great, if anything that deserves 5 stars. However, a salad, as delicious as it may be, should not be $10 unless its served in a large bowl. I had the mixed greens salad which was a pleasant surprise. The dressing tasted like balsamic, and although i am not usually a fan of mixed greens- i ate almost the whole salad. The raisins were a really nice touch. I had the jumbo shrimp pasta for dinner. The jumbo shrimp was plentiful, but the pasta was way underdone. Not even Al dente, it was just hard. I am a little torn about the white beans in the pasta dish. I liked them at times, and other times i felt they were misplaced. On the plus side, this is a great restaurant to have in the neighborhood, and I hope more decide to pop up. I will return in hopes to bring this review up a star, and I will be looking forward to the scallop dish and the rosemary chicken dinner. Prices are a little on the high side.I really liked this place.  Wonderful atmosphere and great food.  Not a huge menu, but enough of a selection to have something for everyone (even my vegetarian wife).  We both liked it very much.  Also their desserts are amazing!!!  Banana bread pudding was off the chain!!!Me and my girlfriends had a very nice dinner at August last week. The appetizers were my favorite part of the entire meal. The shrimp scampi was super tender and came with a delicious sauce. I will say that I thought the portion of shrimp (3 large) for the price ($12) was a little skimpy. I also had the sauteed artichoke, which came with a generous portion and were delicious. The main course I picked was alright, nothing spectacular (Penne Pasta with Jumbo Shrimp). They don't make their own pasta  - said the waitress - but it was still tasty. I would come back to August for a nice BYO close to home! I may even skip the entree for a dinner of appitizers and dessert.I really hated to take away that one star so read this review thoroughly. 
This cozy and cute place is just great. I love the byob, and the entire set up of menu. However, I seemed to have made a poor selection on the menu. Please do not get the rigatoni bolognese. It is bland, my pasta was slightly undercooked, and overall unexciting meal. 
My friend got the salmon and loved it (from my sample, with good reason). It just seems that seafood was the better option at this restaurant. The service was attentive and polite. 
This is a nice intimate place if you're looking for that kind of thing. I would give this place a second chance.I've been to this place twice and the service is always good. The appetizers are very delicious (I like the scallops in particular). The entrees are just OK.My experience at this establishment was flawless. We were a party of four, all dining at August for the first time.  It is a small, intimate room.  I am not someone who particularly cares about the decor when I dine out, so I can't speak to that.  However, the ambiance, I do remember, was pleasant, relaxing and comfortable.  The service was impeccable...the server was both accommodating and unobtrusive.  Highly professional and friendly.  I ordered scallops as my appetizer, and they did not disappoint.  My halibut entree was delicious, perfectly cooked and with eclectic and complex flavors. The four of us split 2 desserts...the cheesecake (wow!) and the banana bread pudding...undoubtedly the best bread pudding I've EVER tasted. 
I will be back again very soon.Very cozy; I was surprised to find this fancy, but cozy, restaurant in the middle of a dense south Philly neighborhood. Pros? Food was great, really a home made taste. Italian but not commercialized creamy version. Service was very elegant. Price reasonable for the ambiance. BYOB, so, you can make your fancy night even more romantic at low cost. 
Cons? Very small, absolutely no waiting area. We called but had to wait on the street for some 25 min after our reservation time. Not very good, in my view, for groups bigger than 4-5.
Be prepared: cash only.
Desert is not as exciting as the food: their best is the banana bread pudding which runs out fast, make sure you tell the server you want it as desert as soon as you arrive.Romantic BYO on a great block in South Philly.  
The food is labelled 'italian', but August is far from a typical South Philly Italian restaurant.  The menu emphasizes 'family recipes', which presumably means a family of wizard chefs. The porkchops are my favorite of the entrees, but I've had several very good seafood dishes as well.  
Don't skip the Eggplant meatballs.  
The head chef prepared a nice vegetarian dish by request, but it would be nice to have 1 or 2 consistent options.
Spectacular staff.  No uncorking fee(!!!).  Go there.  Bring wine.Owing to positive reviews and increase publicity, this gem of a restaurant is no longer hidden.  Due to it's well-earned reputation, tiny capacity, and abbreviated hours (only 3 dinner nights per week), getting in may become a challenge.  It is a challenge worth taking.  Intimate setting, caring (if not efficient ) service, and wonderful -- and I mean wonderful -- tastes.  Seared scallops and beet salad were a fine start.  Correction: better than fine.  Following were sausage bolognese and crab pasta (ask for extra parm), both of which were yummy.  Listen, save yourself some time by ending your Philly Italian search right now.  Just pick up the phone and make a reservation at August.  You won't do any better no matter how long you comb through Yelp.This place is a great neighborhood spot. Most customers are regulars, as noticed by the owner and chef hanging out asking how their families are doing. The food is good. It's not phenomenal but it's solid Italian food. It helps that it's BYOB and that will put it higher in our rotation for date night restaurants.My husband and I have driven by August many times - each time we passed it we said we wanted to try it.  A co-worker mentioned she ate there and said it was delicious.  Well, we finally had dinner there and my co-worker was absolutely correct, it was delicous!  We both chose the pre-fixe option and were not dissapointed.  It's a small, initmate, cozy spot with great service and really fresh, delicious options.  I can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu.  If the beet salad is an option when you go- get it- it's off the chain!Great little Italian BYOB. Wait staff fantastic, food very good, atmosphere comfortable and cozy. The sausage and polenta starter was very tasty, as was the artichoke small plate. Roasted chicken was delicious, but portion size on the very tasty entrees is too small. Will be back.The scene: a Saturday night in South Philly, walk into August and see a table full of paisans in full regail (tacky Armani sweaters, shiny sport jacket, gold chains abound), an open kitchen being run by what looks to be a two-pack-a-day kind of lady, and tables set with some very nice (heavy) wine glasses.  Great signs.
The rest of the experience followed suit.  Eggplant meatballs, a new addition to the menu as we were told, melted away in your mouth with a press of the tongue to the roof of the mouth.  Beef involtini was flaky, in a perfectly sized bowl of solid pasta.  Pan seared tilapia...light, delicate, perfect.  Banana bread pudding; sweet Jesus one of the best desserts I've had in awhile.  The star of a damn good meal.
The food is honestly 5 stars.  The service was as well, for the first half of the meal.  Then things got a bit lazy, we went long spells with our wine chilling at a table out of reach, our glasses empty and it did annoy us as the wine we brought was really good.  But we WILL be back.  And you should too.Hitting myself for not trying August before, I made reservations for myself and five friends for dinner tonight.  It was such a great experience from start to finish.  The service was attentive (not too much or too little), my wine glass was always filled, everything was cooked to perfection, and the timing from our first course through dessert was on target.  I had the spinach salad with candied walnuts, bacon, and apple for an appetizer.  My other friends had the artichoke salad, and beet salad.   I had their special of the night - pepper crusted filet mignon served with a side of mashed potatoes and sautéed zucchini.  The steak came out exactly as I wanted it.  While the portions are small - it was mouthwatering good.  For dessert, I tried their special, a deep dish pumpkin pie.  The filling was perfectly spiced.  The only comment I have to improve the pie is to cook it a bit longer, add some vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg to the crust.  
Overall, one of the better dining experiences I've had.  I can't wait to go back!Last night was the first night of what I see will become a love-affair with August. On a freezing cold night, August was a haven of coziness and delicious food. 
BYOB and plenty of small plate options in addition to some creative entree choices made this a perfect spot for girls' night. The artichoke heart starter was tangy and delicious. The calamari was unlike any I'd had...no batter-dunked fried chunks here. It was tossed with chick peas and olives, served up in a light herbed tomato sauce. Simple and perfect. The pasta courses, scallops and chicken my friends had all were beautiful and they disappeared quickly! :)
For desserts, we all split three choices and were divided among which were our favorites (the light cheesecake we'd read about, the banana bread pudding and a creamy concoction of ice cream in espresso with plenty of flavored whipped cream).
Looking forward to more nights here. Good place for a date or long conversations. Not good for a rowdy, big crowd or to see-and-be-seen.
Plenty of free street parking and there's a free municipal lot a block over on 12th.It is just ok. Nothing amazing about this restaurant. Tried the special filet mignon and it wasn't very special. I was expecting a petite 6 oz filet that was cooked rare, however, I received pieces of filet that were well done. I'm ok with over cooking, but I am not ok with giving bite sized pieces of a filet.  The special was for a filet, not medallions, or whatever you call what they gave to meAt lady friend's behest we returned to August this evening to give it another try after our abysmal experience on January 21.   This evening was completely different, but please read my prior review below as a cautionary tale.
We arrived and were greeted promptly by our server (Tammy) who took care of our coats before seating us.  Our wine was quickly open, water glasses filled and bread (from Faragalli's...just down the street) served.  Service was attentive but not overbearing.
We split a sauteed shrimp appetizer and ordered entrees of penne with pancetta/peas in vodka sauce (her) and rigatoni bolognese (me).  Everything was delicious and very fresh and service throughout the meal was excellent.
Based on these two experiences, I'd say August is definitely worth a vist but I'd suggest an early reservation to avoid potential crowd/service issues.  We were there from 5:30 to 6:30; restaurant was about half full with groups of varying sizes.  The staff seemed to be on their game.  Our previous disastrous visit was a much later weekend reservation (8:15, I think) and that may have made the difference.  We'll definitely be back, just hope the food and service are consistent.August is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The atmosphere is great, the service is friendly and attentive, and the food is always spectacular. 
I get the appetizer scallops almost every time I eat here and they are always fresh and cooked perfectly. The sausage bolognese is also incredibly delicious.
It's cash only, so make sure you stop at the ATM.August has been on my list to try for a while now, and I finally had a chance to cross it off this past weekend.
While there wasn't necessarily anything to dislike about August, there really wasn't anything to rave about either.  The dishes were very heavy in my opinion, drowned in either butter, olive oil or salt to substitute for the lack of more complex flavors.  Even the lightest sounding dishes like the artichoke hearts or sea scallops left you with a heavy feeling in your stomach.  
The farfalle pasta with jumbo lump crab and porcini mushrooms was passable, but didn't quite rise up to be more than the sum of its ingredients.  The roasted chicken (something I rarely order at restaurants) came out perfectly cooked and seasoned, and ironically won the best dish of the night (though the side vegetables were so salty they were impossible to eat).
The restaurant was very loud when we arrived at 8:30pm, but the noise level became more tolerable as it started to empty out later in the evening.
I really had a tough time deciding between 3 and 4 stars on this one (in reality it's 3.5), but with so many other awesome Italian BYOs within a short distance, I have to stick with 3 stars on this one.  Mercato, Radicchio, and Modo Mio are all far superior.Based on a recommendation we ate dinner at August on a Wednesday night.  The hostess was accommodating and offer either of the two tables available.  
The young waitress spoke so quietly and said nothing other than "ground pepper?", but each time I had to say excuse me?
I ordered the artichokes (which were very good) and the halibut, which was the special and came with spinach and beans and rice.  It also came with a cream sauce.  I try to avoid dairy and was bothered that I wasn't told it was included a cream sauce.
My partner ordered the calamari which was worse than bland and only contained rings.  The mussels were OK.
When the young waitress took our plates, we asked about desserts.  She looked at us like we had asked her a word she never heard in a spelling bee.  In a dazed manner she said cheesecake, um bread pudding, uh ice cream, ...  We said just the check.
Our bill came to $65.35.  We put down $80.   The hostess/waitress took the check and asked if we needed change, we said we did.  She brought back a $10 bill, 2 $1 bills and 15 pennies and left it on the table.  Wrong amount (80-65.35=14.65) and if felt insulted, like it was some kind of statement that I shouldn't have asked for my change when she left the 15 pennies.  So we left the $10 and the 15 pennies.  Normally, we tip 20% for excellent service and 15% for average or poor service. I was not about to leave over 20% for this service.
Won't be back, will discourage anyone from going.First off, this place is CASH ONLY. We probably missed the memo, but be aware they are cash only. We order their special that had seafood and penne. It was delicious. We really liked this dish. The past was cooked al dente. We had the spare ribs which was delicious. The broccoli rabe was a little bitter, but I am not sure if it is suppose to taste like that. Of the food we liked the pasta dish the best! We also ordered the tiramisu it was good and a yummy way to end our meal. This place is a cute little restaurant in the area. We had a great experience.My wife and I went to August for Valentine's Day dinner and had a great time. The staff was attentive and couteous, and courses arrived in a timely fashion. The 3 course meal was delicious. I had shrimp and grits for my first course (it was excellent), fillet mignon with mashed potatoes and green beans for a main (it was very good), and chocolate chip banana bread pudding with vanilla ice cream for dessert (exceellent).
My wife had the Caesar salad, Australian sea bass (she was blown away by the sea bass) and the coconut custard pie.
We will definitely be back.My wife and I went there on a cold rainy night and were welcomed by warm, friendly people in a cozy, comfortable room.  The food was very good and the prices were rasonable.  We didn't know that it was a BYOB or we would have enjoyed the the experience even more.  I especially liked the fact that the owner and the chef came to our table and conversed with us.  Not just "Hi how was the meal" but a personal conversation.  For me, a good  restaurant is the "total experience", not just whats on your plate (although that is the most important).  A great neighborhood place to get a good meal and mix with the locals, who are also the owners.I dined here last night with 4 of my friends. The food was okay but the service was poor and the owner was down right rude.
It took the wait staff over an hour to take our order and we had to ask for bread. One of the waitresses ignored me as I was speaking to her; she was standing right next to me but totally blocked me out and was staring at the other table. 
We were a group of 5 girls and we admit to being loud; just as loud as the table next to us. However as we were finishing dinner the owner came over, smacked her hand down on our table and  she told  us had enough of us, we have been loud for over 2 hours and we had to go. She then walked away and we had to call our waitress over to get the check, my friend complained about the owner and mentioned that  her husband was a food critic and she was going to tell him. The owner then came back and yelled at us again saying that we didn't know how to behave.
We know we were loud; but we never got a warning that we were being too loud and we were extremely embarrassed. None of us will ever go there again and if anyone of you go make sure its a small group and you whisper.August was a spectacular Italian BYOB for those looking for a small, quiet and intimate dinning experience. While the menu is rather small, the owner and chef's certainly live by the "quality and not quantity" way of presenting their restaraunt. I had dinner there with 3 people and all of our entrees were perfectly sized and not annoyingly small like some gigs present their food in the city. I would certainly reccomend August to anyone, and definitely plan on returning there soon.We have been going to August for many years, and it is our favorite restaurant.  From the front door, we are greeted warmly by Maria and the servers.  Once inside, we see familiar faces of regular customers who have become friends.  Everyone is like family, and that is how customers (old and new) are treated in this South Philly restaurant.  And the food is superb!  Maryann is passionate about preparing and presenting tasty food of favorite dishes and daily specials.  And Maria's homemade desserts are the perfect ending to a delicious meal.  Try the warm roasted peppers and/or artichokes as appetizers and the shrimp over penne or bolognese as entrees.  And don't miss the banana bread pudding--a real treat!  We know that you will be hooked after your first visit, and then, you will be family, too!       
Bill & ChristopherI love August.  Love the food.  Love the women that run this place.  Always a good meal, always a great dining experience.  I can't say enough good things.  The August rolls, the pan seared scallops, the tilapia, the flourless chocolate cake - all are my favorites!Really great little BYOB in the passyunk area. Cash only!! Very small on the inside, i recommend making a reservation. We shared the scallops appetizer. It was great! I had a fish special. I forget the details but it was a white fish that came with spinach. It was so yummy! I need to go back because I hear the dessert is awesome! Unfortunately who i was eating with gave up dessert for lent so I wasnt able to order any. But it looked delishous!Great little place with great food.  I recently had the farfalle pasta (jumbo lump crab, porcini mushrooms and sun dried tomato in a light cream sauce) and it was DELICIOUS.  My wife had the tilapia and the risotto and that plate was not good.  My recommendation is to avoid risotti in retsurants unless it is their specialty and they take the 20min + this will require - most don't take the time and you end up with some mushy rice.  Our friend love their bolognese and pasta with shrimps.  I will come back and my wife as well and we'll enjoy the farfalle ...Absolutely love August.
Everything about my dining experience at August was perfect, starting with the fact that it's a BYOB, which saves a significant amount of money if you want to have a drink or two with dinner.  The wait staff was very friendly and pleasant to deal with and seemed to accommodate any special requests.  
Everything, down to the bread, was great! The bread is from a local South Philly bakery and it's perfect when served warm.  For our meals,  I ordered a shrimp and pasta dish while my husband ordered a steak dish, and both were great. We got a scallop appetizer, which was also lovely.  The portion sizes were just right...not too small and not too big...we both left feeling closer to "just right" rather than "too stuffed". 
As for the price, I think it's extremely fair for the quality and quantity of what you get.  It's not "cheap," but it is certainly moderate.  When we were there (I think the menu changes seasonally or more frequently than that), I think the entrees ranged from $15-$25, depending on what you ordered.
Things to make note of:
- the inside is very small, but extremely cozy, so definitely make a reservation as seating is limited;
- it is cash only;
- since this is in a very residential neighborhood, parking is free and shouldn't be an issue (as long as you know how to parallel park). 
There was literally nothing negative about my dining experience at August and I can't wait to go back!I'm giving August 5 stars because I was blown away by everything. Quite frankly, I walked in with very little knowledge of what I'm getting myself into, and my flavor buds were introduced to a new dimension of Italian cuisine. 
By far one of the most underrated Italian restaurants in the city of Philadelphia. 
This tiny little restaurant has lovely staff that make you feel like THEY have invited you to their home for dinner. And the kitchen is right next to you. 
Quiet space, dim lights, and absolutely delicious food. Underline that last point!
I got the fillet mignon and, despite the fact that I immediately regretted ordering steak at an Italian restaurant, it was just simply perfect. Words cannot describe how beautifully the steak was cooked. The medium rare cook could NOT be more on point, and the steak melted in my mouth. Undoubtedly one of the best steaks I've ever had.
My girlfriend got the Farfalle with crabs, and it was cooked just as perfectly as you would wish (if not more); the little bow ties were al dente, adequately creamy, and there was plenty of crab in the dish.
August is absolutely on top of the list of my favorite Italian restaurants in Philly.Terrific meal on 3/19/16. Tried the scallops, beets, meatballs, and artichoke appetizers. All were well prepared and delicious. For entrees, we had the rib eye and the Mahi Mahi over risotto and spinach. Both were full of flavor and prepared just right. We happily cleared our plates. Dessert included the affagoto and chocolate chip banana bread pudding. Both were enjoyed and a nice finish to wonderful meal. Looking forward to next visit and will be telling family and friends about it!Great place, with even better food. Atmosphere was cozy, with a touch of romanticism. Service was way above average. Started our meal with the radicchio salad, had the penne pasta with pancetta and bacon in HOMEMADE tomato sauce, and finally, for dessert, the banana bread pudding. The entire meal was awesome! Absolutely zero to complain about. Definitely will be back, and I recommend this South Philly BYOB for anyone.The rigatoni was good, but the banana pudding is hands down the best dessert I've ever had!Rarely do I go to a restaurant and find everything perfect.  This restaurant was very small but I was happy that I got seated instantly for my 7:15 reservation.  Every table was taken.  The menu is very limited but each dish was fabulous.  I had a beet salad to start and sampled my husband's spring rolls.  My entree was a really well prepared tilapia and I finished the meal with a delightful bread pudding.  Service was attentive and unobtrusive just the way it should be.  As an aside I also loved the bread.  Prices were very fair and BYOB also helps to keep the costs down.  As an added attraction there was plenty of on street parking.Fantastic place!! Very intimate and private atmosphere, not to mention the menu is extraordinary and the food is just incredible!  Whether it's a business meeting, a first date, or a group of 6 people, you'll have a really great experience. BYOB!This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly.  It's BYO, which I love because it keeps the bill reasonable.  The food in this place is top-notch, very high quality ingredients and the chef is a master of flavor combinations.  The scallop appetizer is amazing, cooked just right every time and perfectly seasoned.  The menu is limited so if you have a picky palate, you may want to call ahead to make sure that they will have something you will like.  The only thing I ever got there that I wasn't completely "wowed" by was a pasta dish....it was just standard, not homemade pasta with a sauce that was fresh and well balanced but nothing interesting about it.  The ambiance is great and the servers do actually start to warm up to you after going a few times, to Sneakers' point.  One last, very important thing.  The dessert is TO DIE FOR.  The chocolate banana bread pudding is the best I've ever had, and the poached pear is really good too.  And GREAT coffee.Great food and service!  Very intimate setting and it's BYOB.  Went for a double date and all 4 of us were very satisfied with the food.  Two people have high dietary limitations, and they were both able to find choices on the menu.  Definitely will eat here again!it took me over a year to go here even though it's right down the block. whenever i went passed it was always packed. one rainy night my hubz and i decided to go. we brought a bottle of wine and 68 dollars later we left with our bellies full and wasted on wine. it is a great atmosphere and the waitress is super nice.* Food - Excellent. I had the tilapia with cilantro lime risotto and sauteed spinach. Every bite was perfect.
* Service - Excellent. The hostess/owner(?) sat us promptly at our reservation time and our server was attentive and gracious.
* Price - $10 for a starter, $18-20 for an entree, $7 for dessert. But it's a BYO, so it evens out.
* Location - Right around the corner from my house. Perfect.
* Atmosphere - Quaint, cozy, friendly, neighborhoody. 
Go to August on a third date when you know you like each other and have plenty to talk about, or with your parents when they come to visit and you want to make sure they have a great time. Dress nice, but no need to be super fancy. Bring cash and a bottle of wine. Enjoy!The food here, from start to finish, was finer than a shirtless Cole Hamels striking out all the Yankees at once. Fresh breads, fine cheeses, homemade pastas are de rigeur. 
The atmosphere too, was lovely. Despite being a loud corner of South Philly, August is a quiet oasis. 
The only downside was that there was one server for the whole place the night my two friends and I dined there. That made the wait for the food and the wait for the bill longer than we would have liked. Almost longer than we were prepared to wait. 
Still, the food was worth it!After eating here multiple times it's about time I leave feedback worthy of this restaurant. Good, quality food is what you get every time without fail.  This place has a cozy, intimate atmosphere and friendly staff.  The scallop appetizer was done just right with a creamy interior. The ribeye special was cooked correctly with the seasoning on point.  Not to mention, all the desserts are homemade! (the apple tart addition to the menu put me in the mood for autumn). We will be coming back to this byob soon!A few of my friends dined at August a month ago for a friend's birthday. The decor is really cool, very simple but has a cool vibe with its dim lighting and orange lights. The food was delicious. All three of us liked our meals. It was also really nice that the owner came around to make sure we were enjoying our eats. My only complaint is that the servers seemed young and inexperienced. They came around our table multiple times when we were finished eating and never removed our plates...can't help it, this is a big no-no for me. I guess it comes from  years of waitressing. It's my pet peeve. Other than that, this place is a gem. Great for a date or a night out with a few friendsInitially we were excited to dine here with so many great reviews. I would've given a 4 stars if it wasn't for the service we received. 
When we came it was busy. Which is totally understandable why we didn't get our water nor the menu 10 minutes after we sat down and were read into the specials.
We ordered and wait quite a while for the food which is totally okay too. Hey they were busy and we were in no rush.
As we got the food, they were excellent. Light but savory. 
But for some reason we didn't get served afterward. I meant I have to raise my hand for good 2-3 minutes before I can get  more water. The waitstaff keep passing by and checking on tables but for some reason just always miss out needs. They didn't realize that we have stop eating and finish our dinner for over 15 minutes before they clean our plates. And when the server come she just take the plates not even saying a single word as if we weren't even there. I'm pretty certain she was able to talk as I see her chatting with the other staffs while we were being ignored for good 15 minutes. 
When she gave us the bill she didn't say anything either. Well that's just plain rude. I was so tempted on not leaving any tips at all but that will be rude on my end. Oh well   We just wont ever come back. 
Too bad the whole reason we come and try this place was scouting for wedding reception venue for a small wedding. There goes their opportunity. 
The strange thing is the other table behind us, the 3 waitstaff were all super super attentive to them. Pour water even still half full. I have to wait till I am completely dry out for 20 minutes. Get bread n butter refill without even asking for it. Dirty plates taken right away. Or not even when they were done eating at least the server will ask and communicate with them. 
I can kind of guess why but I'm not going to be judgmental about this. I just won't recommend this place to anyone. 
I hope if you do go there that you will have a better experience than us.This place serves some of the best Italian food I have had in Philly. It's BYOB, so that is always a plus. The restaurant has a bit of a high end feel to it without the high end prices! The food was fresh and beef was tender. The pasta was homemade and the service was nothing short of awesome. Highly recommend!Located off the beaten path, August is a well-kept South Philly secret. This tiny BYO features "a twist on classic Italian" cuisine. The menu is minimal but what it lacks in length it more than makes up for in flavor. Ricotta gnocchi and roast chicken with herbes de provence are both standouts. Save room for the homemade cheesecake, or take a slice to go. Don't forget to bring a bottle, as food this fine demands a good vintage.Another South Philly pasta joint. Albeit with some imagination. Still, been there, done that. Service was desultory. One of the owners came by the table. Spoke to others, three women. But pointedly ignored me. And I was the ONE who was paying. -- Hotspur for The PJ (www.junto.blogspot.com).This is a gem of an Italian restaurant!  Small and a bit past its prime in
decor, August feels like going to your aunt Maria's house for dinner (if you had an Italian aunt Maria).  We began with the date, blue cheese and walnut appetizer.  A tad sweet with the honey but very rich in flavor. For entrees, I had the pasta with crab meat and sun-dried tomatoes in a light cream sauce and sweetheart had the veal with mashed potatoes.  Both were divine.  We will be back!  Wish I could go again right nowAugust, in the words of a cliched Yelper, is a "hidden gem."
Went here with my boyfriend and my parents for Mother's Day. Armed with a bottle of wine and flowers, we squeezed into this tiny BYO, bellies rumbling.
All of our antipasto dishes were incredible. "Artichoke hearts sautéed with sundried tomato, white beans, spinach and drizzled with unfiltered extra virgin olive oil" and "calamari sauteed with garlic and white beans finished with aged balsamic" are two I would definitely recommend. 
I went with the tartufo pasta (not sure if that is the actual name, but it is similar to Melograno's with the papardelle, mushroom, truffle oil etc.) which was rich and heavenly. My mother was surprised I finished it all. Oh, mama. The rest of the table enjoyed their entrees as well. 
As we walked out the door, I noticed the restaurant had quieted down immensely. We chatted with the head chef, who was having a glass of water at a table outside. She wished us a happy Mother's Day and I knew I'd definitely be returning.Will not accommodate even minor order changes, even something as simple as being able to get 4 shrimp on an appetizer that comes with 3 (was willing to pay extra, and wanted it because we had 4 ppl in our party). Got the pork chop and it was very dry.That this is one of the highest rated Italian resturant on Yelp is no accident. My friend was in the mood for pasta so I took him to this place for his birthday.  The minute we walked in, we could tell this place was going to be good before we ate the food. The atmosphere is cozy and feels like a real neighborhood Italian resturant, not one of those cheap manfactured ones. 
The place was full but our waitress was prompt in service and getting meals.  We got delicious Caesar Salad and excellent pasta that was homemade along with our sauces.  My only compliant is I wish there was a little more, the food portions are that good.
We didn't stay in time for dessert, but I did see the desserts look freshily made with a lot of attention to detail as their pasta dishes (which is quite a lot of detail). 
The place is small, but every space is used and not wasted.  I could go on and on, but there already many 5 star ratings that share my view, so just get up and go, you will thank all of us 5 star reviewers later.   
One thing, the place doesn't accept credit cards, so go to the ATM before you come over.going by all the great reviews here--we went to august last night. will not return. here's why:
a woman, not our waitress, we think the owner!, hovered over our table, clearing plates before we were done. she took away 2 dessert plates while 2 were still eating. cleared dinner/main/appetizer plates quickly too. asked us 4 times how dinner was. we ate at 7, left at 8:30. obviously, she had a second seating coming at 9.....
it's a byob--so they put our white wine, in a cooler across the room and forgot about it. we had to ask for refills, which the waitress helpfully poured small portions of...hence when it was time to be whisked out, 1/3 our bottle remained in the restaurant.
we ordered from the $10 small plates/trading menu--that was the majority of the menu. the food was very good, but the more we thought about what you got for $10-- the less we liked it. small, appetizer size spinach salad-- very good, but if it had been labeled "appetizer" it would have cost $8. 3 ravioli =$10. 4 shrimp=$10 
and finally we know it was a hot weekend , but their AC could not keep up. it was sweltering hot --and they knew it b/c they had ceiling fans going! and annoyingly --it's all cash onlt, too
tell the owner to back off and lower her prices... before we returnWe were very hungry and very tired last night, and August is right down the street.  This truly great BYO was the answer to our prayers.  The whole experience here was just beautiful...comfortable dining room, inventive food, fabulous desserts prepared on site.
We shared the pasta and the pompano special.  Delicious unique ingredient blend in the pasta.  The pompano was prepared perfectly, so good.  
The owners are the hostess and chef, so the whole feel of this place is homey and very special.  They are sweet people who take great pride in their work.
The only downside of discovering August is that we will frequent other restaurants less now that we have this wonderful option less than a block from home!Was a great quaint Italian BYOB...menu offered two different options...  a tapas menu with all the items $10... then there is the main dishes... My sisters and I ordered about 6 different tapas and shared them... all were GREAT!
We made reservations... which at 5:30 wasn't necessary.  There is only about 15 tables and only us and another were there.  However, about 7pm, the restaurant was completely full.
The fact that this is BYO is excellent.  You can spend more money on the food which is perfect.  And the food is not typical italian... just a take on it.
The cheesecake is excellent and light.  A perfect ending to the meal.  The last thing you want after all that food is a dessert that will sit in your stomach.
No credit cards... only cash.Very good small byo Italian place: fresh ingredients for sure albeit a limited menu 
Mussels - fantastic , good broth , well done
Artichoke - awesome probably best taste I had on the menu 
Mushroom veal - very good, mash potatoes were great complement to the dishUnfortunately I have never had a chance to dine at August, so this is not a review about the food.
I was planning a birthday dinner and had heard great things about this local gem and thought it would be a great place for our party of 8. I called the restaurant but they were closed and would be for 2 more days. Unfortunately there was no option to leave a message and they are not available on opentable.com. I went online and used their email which they recommended for reservations. The disappointment came the week of the intended reservation when no one EVER replied. No email, no phone call, etc. I called multiple times but with zero success.
So...for now August gets 1 star. Maybe I'll have the opportunity to dine there another time and review the food.Wonderful food and cool vibe. I loved the feeling of updated old south Philly rather than a good restaraunt that could be in any 'hood. 
We loved all the apps and entered especially the peppers and asiago, the fish on risotto and the crab pasta.
My only qualm is server rushed us out the door. It was brusque from the start. That was ok, I understand the need to turn tables but a minute after serving coffee and dessert she dropped off check. No offer of more coffee or chance for after dinner chat. It's a small qualm but seemed at odds with friendly neighborhood vibe.
Great place we'll be back.My boyfriend and I actually live right around the corner from here and have never been till now, he's lived here ten years and tonight was the first time! We've wanted to go many times but with my unpredictable and demanding work schedule and the need for reservations it just hasn't worked out till now; 
Sometimes we have restaurants on our list to try and when we finally make it after waiting its a disappointment, this was not the case! I made reservations via open table a month ago to be safe and have been looking forward to it since!  
The Basic: Its a nice ambiance inside as expected and the waitress was extremely helpful and very sweet, also attentive she checked on us frequently We both ended up ordering the specials which were a filet mignon and a flounder with crab meat we were both extremely satisfied the steak was perfectly seasons and cooked and every piece was perfect- my boyfriend exclaimed that his flounder tasted extremely fresh and was perfectly deboned we both cleaned our plates. also i know some people will scoff that i bother to include this but the caesar salad was perfect and the bread was clearly made today. 
It was such a simple and perfect no fuss dining experience and not just because it is less than a block away. We were in and out in an hour with happy tummies. We will definitely be returning soon .
* if you want to drink remember its BYOB, we don't usually drink on weekdays so we didn't indulge in this option but its good to remember when you are!
* our service was incredibly fast and reliable which may be due to the fact we went on a Thursday and is worth considering 
* Cash only! i did not know this before we got there since i did no research and luckily had some but i would have been mortified if i didn't!Great meal at August! Tried a new menu item, Steak  Pizzaiola, and it was fantastic! Sauce was perfect and steak melts in your mouth. I'll be back for this again!!!My bf and I decided to try a new restaurant thats BYOB and found this on yelp. The atmosphere was perfect. It was dark enough and yet it gave a cozy feeling. 
Food wise, the entrees were decent in size and price. It ranged from 19-20ish on the menu. 
We ordered garlic shrimp as the appetizers. I wouldn't order that again because it only came with three shrimps and it wasn't seasoned too well. For the entrees, I ordered the pasta with the crab meat. And my bf ordered the special for the night, pork chopped. Needless to say, I was impressed with the amount of crab meat that was in my entree. The pork chopped could've been better if it was cooked a little rarer. But of course, this is by preference.  I would definitely go back and think about skipping the appetizers.A nice hidden gem in South Philly.   Aside from the August Rolls, there isn't anything spectacular about August, but everything is consistently very good and very reasonably priced.  Service is good.I'll start by saying, I eat out alot. I review restaurants, never. But when I have an experience as I did last night at August, I don't have a choice. The quick version: great atmosphere, great service, cozy yet stylish, perfectly executed meal. We arrived 20 minutes before close but they were happy to seat us in a still packed dining room. We didn't know August was a byob, so were a little dissapointed as we sat down. Within a few minutes a wonderful woman from a nearby table said she had a bottle she'd love to share with us. There was no wait on service. We ordered the beets salad, cavatelli and pasta special. Each dish was prepared perfectly. Flavors and dishes were an homage to traditional italian, but executed with unique flair and accents. We spent the end of our meal talking with wonderful people sitting at the table next to ours, who turned out to be the owners. Wonderful experience I'm South Philly. Go!What a wonderful place!! The food was exquisite, soft flavors and fresh!! This has been my best italian experience so far since I moved to Philly a year ago.  Definitively I will be going again!Incredible food. Superior wait staff. A remarkable dining experience every time. Recently took a large group of friends there and had the beat time and best food. August is absolutely one of the very best Italian Restaurants in the area! Philly needs more places like this.I absolutely agree with Stephanie M.  I dined at August a couple of times a few years ago and it is truly a well-kept South Philly secret.  In fact, it's not far at all from Center City, and just a few blocks away from other South Philly notables like High Note Cafe (formerly known as Pastaria) and Victor Cafe.  The food here, however, is inventive, abundantly flavorful, artful, and just plain yummy.  The lamb chops were perhaps the best I've EVER had.
Located right on the corner amidst unlikely neighbors, the space is very small, chic yet cozy, refined yet down-to-earth.  This place is really a gem.  I was really impressed.First off, Please understand I have worked in some aspect of the restaurant biz pretty much my whole life.  I'm an extremely understanding diner...the absolute minimum I will tip is 20%.  That being said...I left a 20% tip tonight at August, and I will not EVER be returning.  Taking it a step further I asked my boss to never use this establishment again for any of our business needs.
   I had heard good things about August, so I booked a reservation for a business dinner, to entertain some clients, well over a week in advance.  It was for a party of 6.  The restaurant called me today, the day of the reservation to confirm, I missed the call and they left a vm asking me to call back and confirm.  I thought this was a bit high maintenance, as I usually just receive reminder calls from restaurants pertaining to day of reservations requiring no action from me, however if this how they do it...fine, no problem.  So I called them back and had a polite exchange confirming my reservation.            
   Silly me thought that having a confirmed reservation meant that at the assigned time a table would be ready to accommodate my party.  No such luck.  Even worse, August has so many tables jammed into a tiny small front space, there was literally nowhere for my party to wait.  We were asked to crowd into a tiny space, literally in front of the open kitchen.  As a party of 6, we had to stand single file...and we were in EVERYONE's way...blocking the bathroom...impeding communication between the waitstaff and kitchen...and uncomfortably close to tables of folks trying to enjoy their dinners.  I told one the owners that my guests and I were very uncomfortable, and she said that a table should be leaving soon and we will be seated.  I told her I just saw someone go and refill the water glasses of the table that should be leaving.  In my experience if you are looking to expedite a lingering table, who has already paid there check...offering more water seems like a really bad idea.
   So after 10-15 minutes of my guests being uncomfortable, and of me being both uncomfortable and embarrassed, we were finally seated.  At this point everyone is happy & hungry...and the staff was great informing us of the menu changes & specials.  Everyone made their selections and our server promptly appeared to take our orders.
   Unfortunately, another problem arose when the dinner was delivered.  The person next to me ordered the same entree as I did, and as soon as they were in front of us, we immediately saw that both dishes contained very small portions.  Everyone else at the table had hearty portions of food on their plates.  I would have just left it alone, I never send ANYTHING back.  However my dining companion mentioned the small amount of food on her plate.  Next thing I know someone came to get both her and my dinners to bring back to the kitchen.  2 minutes later, the dinners are returned...only they took some of my food to put on her plate.  I'm still flabbergasted by this maneuver.  At this point, I don't want any further aggravation.  I ate the tiny portion of pasta...and honestly it was very good.  As was the Arugula salad I enjoyed as an appetizer and the Chocolate Chip Banana Bread Pudding I finished up the meal with.
   So all in all I don't like getting aggravated, especially when I am out to dinner.  The food would have def been enough to have me put it in our reg circulation of establishments we use to entertain our clients.  However the unprofessional actions of the staff, makes it a permanent no go for me.  Too many restaurants that serve at least good food in the city that will greatly appreciate my patronage, and therefore will make an effort to make us feel Welcomed & Valued.Very intimate. I would also recommend making a reservation since it is only open during exclusive days/hours. The food was amazing. The service was amazing. Don't miss this place!Dining at August is a cool surprise on a hot and sticky July night.  Reservations for 2 changed to 5, then bumped up to 7.  Not a problem. We were seated at the assigned time, and, due to the fact that 2 of our party were late, we were able to take in the surroundings of this small, elegantly-appointed BYOB.  Our server, at our request, took appetizer orders prior to the arrival of our tardy friends, and, when the late ones arrived, did not bat an eye when she had to repeat the appetizer and entree specials of the night.  
    Food was outstanding.  Right portions, right prices.  Service excellent.  And, I love the fact the owner/chef and owner/manager make rounds from table to table greeting regulars, and meeting newbies like myself.  
    This is a South Philadelphia find.  Bring a bottle of you favorite libation, eat, talk , enjoy what dinner with friends is all about.  And, save room for dessert.  Banana bread pudding is my suggestion.Everything was fucking perfect. 
Great service, nice atmosphere, fair prices.
And the food was FUCKING PERFECT.
My girlfriend didn't want to go cause we looked up the menu online and there was a lot of seafood and she's picky about seafood. But I drug her there and next thing I know she's ordering trout and freaking out about how great it is!
The fact that the roasted peppers were hot caught me off guard. But then I realized, duh, they're roasted. It dawned on me that every other time in my life that I've eaten roasted peppers they've come from a jar in the fridge! These were actually roasted! and amazing!
I'll definitely go back.