Avance is a worthy new addition to the Philly restaurant scene. Even though they're only three weeks old, our dining experience was basically perfect.
With the closings of Susanna Foo, Le Bec Fin, Striped Bass, and other 'fancy' restaurants, it seemed that BYOBs had taken over fine dining. While I love BYOBs, Avance is a breath of fresh air in that is is clearly not a neighborhood joint, allowing Chef Bogle to unabashedly (and non-ironically) show off his tremendous talents.
Every member of our party had a different favorite dish, which just goes to show how phenomenal the food was - literally every dish was excellent. I personally loved the cauliflower chawanmushi, a Japanese-inspired light and unique appetizer which aced the concept of 'umami', and the halibut; the soft and buttery fish paired perfectly with the refreshing apple pieces. 
We did the prix fixe menu, but replaced the artichoke with the sweetbread. The staff was extremely accommodating and made it a point to ask about dietary restrictions. Everyone from the door greeters to the waitstaff to the coat check was professional and amicable. Even the girl who refilled our waters, Britney, was extremely friendly and made us feel truly welcome. So many other fancy restaurants have snobbish waiters who act like you're just another annoying customer - Avance thankfully does not have this issue.
The value was also surprisingly good - $86 for five well-portioned dishes (and a good number of amuse bouches and breads with fancy names. The gin and tonic dippin' dots were excellent). We left feeling perfectly satisfied. The decor is sleek and the cookbook bookshelf is a great personal touch that really shows from where the chef takes his inspiration.
The one recommendation we have is that the coffee should be served in a smaller pot, as it was too diluted and no one person can finish a coffeepot of such large size anyways.  
As a member of our party said, Avance feels like you're dining in NYC, but at the pricing point of Philly. All in all, a fantastic dining experience that I'd wholeheartedly recommend to anyone looking for a special place for dinner.I don't think it is productive to compare Avance to "what used to be" in terms of fine dining in Philadelphia.  What I can say is that my rending of garments because the closing of LBF left a near void of "Fine Dining" in Philadelphia was unnecessary.  It is my belief that Chef Justin Bogel and Managing Partner Chris Scarduzio have nailed Fine Dining, 2014 Style.  Knowledgable servers who don't miss a beat and never raise an eyebrow.  Local ingredients fresh as a minute.  Combinations of flavors and textures that surprise but never startle.  Every dish contains nuggets of unexpected flavors...listing all of the ingredients of all of the dishes would take many more than the two pages the menu fills.  If you are a foie fan, you need to experience the appetizer at Avance.  Thermomixed Foie Gras, pickled grapes...cardamom snow...well, that is about half of the ingredients anyway.  If you can find a willing dining partner, try the tasting menus...à la carte is really pricey, but there is real value here.  No skimping on portion size or ingredients.  The place is a little dark...lots of gray walls...but I understand that color scheme is going receive some highlights soon.  If you are a gourmand and you are looking for the next level in gastronomy in Philadelphia, your table is waiting.If you're looking for the best tasting 2 pieces of asparagus for $20, this is the place for you. WAY overpriced for what you get. With that being said, the only thing I would go back for would be the crab - out of this world amazing. Service is superb although some took it a little too far and were ultra snooty. What attracted me to this place was actually the living wall on the interior and facade of building. Not quite sure how it stays alive inside as it is super dark in there.Avance needs a pie in the face. Give me a break w your bacon and egg. Who the F wants to eat foam eggs. The only thing decent about this place was the bread. After spending about $150 my husband and I went back to our neighborhood bar, cookies, ordered City Pizza, drank our drinks and were finally happy w our food. Btw my husband is a chef so we know when food is good and when restaurants are trying to make something out of nothing. Save your money and get a slice of pizza! The staff is extremely friendly and the food came out hot and efficiently.  Not their fault the restaurant is what it is!Great food!!! Especially the fio gras. But portion a bit small. Came here  a few times. Keep up the good work and make the portion bigger. I am not a big eater but I am slightly hungry the last time I left. When it first open, it was small. Now it is REALLY small.What a difference. Went last week and pretty much everything I said before I want to undo. Food was good but hadn't changed a ton, which was a little bit of a disappointment. I would expect a place claiming to be uber seasonal would change a bit more often, even in winter. We went with the 5 course this time and didn't realize until we ate it that we had already had two of the courses the previous time we came in. I'm pretty sure most if not all of the wines were different, and they were as wonderful as before, so was the food, but we came back to see something new. The service was really disjointed this time. Our server was nice as usual but was clearly less interested in everything than the last time we were there (actually we got the same server). Two courses came without silverware. The entree took forever to come out. Our water glasses sat empty for a while before another server filled them. They weren't even all that busy. I praised this place for the small things in the last review and now I'm forced to reconsider. Last time they got my taxi (in way worse weather), last time they were waiting with our coats, last time they engaged. Basically, last time the little things were there, noticed and impressive. This time, none of it. In we came with high expectations, brought friends and all left fairly disappointed. They still haven't fixed the hand sink in the bathroom, so the water is still ice cold. This was easy to overlook last time but should have been fixed. Still love the plush towels. It's the small things that we pay for at their prices - without them it's not worth it. I hope they get it together, we'll wait & see.the atmosphere was perfect. it definitely worth going. the presentation on the food was great and the service was exellenct. 
I do have a fairly high standard and I would've given 5 starts but i feel like that would discredit some other really really good restaurant in the same area. it is actually a 4.5 (if only there is .5 in yelp). 
but definitely worth going. great for dates or business meeting.
their wine selection and menu is very outstanding. if you are in the area you should definitely pay a visit.Wow, my long winded review seems to have "disappeared" again. Ah Yelp, your shenanigans (hence my Yelp name) never seem to end do they.
Just go, just go. Make sure you get the duck - you're welcome.
One of the best 5 restaurants in the city.Chef Justin received 2 stars at Gilt in NYC. I'm pretty sure he brought them with him to Philly. This meal was truly transcendent, and the only downside of the night was that not enough people were there to share in it! PLEASE EAT AT AVANCE. Once word gets out (it's already top 25 new restaurants and likely fast-track for many more), people will flock here from across the country, not too mention the many business dinners that are sure to make this a new favorite.
My wife and I came out as a post-wedding celebration, and went with the Chef's Tasting as a treat (yes it is pricy, but considering the quality, you'd be paying twice the amount in NYC, DC, SF, etc, so please don't let that deter). Every dish was immaculate, with well balanced flavors, elements from savory to sweet to tart to leave the palette satisfied but not overwhelmed. Moreover, the Chef's techniques were on full display with molecular gastronomy used just enough to enhance the experience without becoming gimmicky.
Our amuse bouches were all intricate, especially given the miniature nature. From "bacon and egg" to a potato "chip" topped with chicken livers to a squid ink mussel shell each plate was much more than a starter, it really showed a deft hand and drew us into the experience, setting up the tasting menu dishes perfectly.
Seriously though, the plating was art. We took pictures (don't worry we did not use flash and checked with the restaurant) because each plate was just so technical and perfectly designed. The Foie Gras... haunts me. Whipped up and topped with pickled grapes and a side of crunchy walnut and creme fraiche, each bite was perfectly balanced. The richness of the foie, cut by the tartness of the grape and brightness of the creme fraiche all with added texture from the walnuts... Wow.
The plate of night for me was the cauliflower "chawanmushi". The plating was like an ocean landscape with islands of roe, a meyer lemon foam, and seared! bay scallops. Each bite was different, and the richness and creaminess of the custard paired so perfectly, whether it was with the sweet and savory scallop or the burst of the roe. The key to a great dish is that it evokes a memory, and this one is forever etched in my mind.
I'll leave the rest of the menu for each person to taste, but rest assured each course was innovative, balanced, perfectly seasoned, and beautifully plated. Service was immaculate, from knowing which side to serve and remove plates to advising on the menu, it really was a michelin level experience. I mean... who dry ages duck, and sous vides broccoli stems. Someone who truly loves food and the artistry of a perfect meal.Ate in the main restaurant and at the bar. Amazing food and service. Avance is the best restaurant in Philly.The Five course tasting menu was a great adventure, many different textures and flavors. We had amazing service and the cocktails and the wine pairing were excellent. An interesting twist was the different breads served with the different courses (the rye bread with the steak especially). A great experience and we hope to return soon to do the chef's tasting.Was in town for the day and had to choose between a number of good restaurants in the city.  In any case, Avance  seemed to be the chic new place and we opted for the downstairs bar. Since my design aesthetics tend to run toward grey and black, we'll give Avance points. 
The Mrs and I weren't very hungry and ordered the swordfish. Served with a chicken consommé, crispy chicken skins and carrots, this dish was a knockout! There's also a nice variety of cocktails and an assortment of wine options, although not reasonably priced. 
Not that I care more about the scene than the food, but what isn't happening at this place is the crowd. I don't know what's going on in the Rittenhouse area, but the spots are overrun with empty nesters from places like Pottstown, Chestnut Hills, and Conshohocken. I guess all the young people are hanging out at the restaurants and bars in the East Passyunk neighborhood. 
The excellent food will keep us coming back during visits to Philly. I just have to go in with the right expectations - that you won't find much in the way of beautiful young people hanging out.The food is beautiful and delicious, the bar is cozy, but the service is...a bit lacking. 
I was ready to leave my first 5 minutes here.  When I walked in, an old couple was in front of me.  They told the hostess they wanted to sit at the bar...the hostess told them to head right down, so I followed them.  As soon as they got downstairs the waitress greeted them and told them to sit anywhere they'd like, while totally ignoring me.  I had to run after her and tap her on the shoulder...I told her that I was also interested in getting drinks/food in the bar area, but my  friend had made reservations...I asked if I should also sit anywhere.  She curtly said no and told me to go see the hostess.  I went back upstairs and told the hostess, who looked at me like I was an idiot. "well, I guess I can find a seat for you downstairs..." as if I was highly inconveniencing her.  When we got downstairs, there was a table available in the corner and there was another one sandwiched between 2 large groups of people.  Of course she pointed me to sit there...I was like no, I want to sit in the corner....she debated, thought about it for a while, looked at her watch, debated some more then reluctantly let me sit there.
Of course the old couple had already gotten a cocktail in that time frame and in the next 5 minutes I still didn't get a menu.  But alas, when the cocktails and food did come out, they were both amazing.  The Panda at the Disco was delicious and refreshing.  The foie gras was like a delightful mousse arranged in a beautiful ribbon with hints of grape and black walnuts, to be spread over house made brioche.  The dry aged duck with a crispy skin was also fantastic.  The dishes were all beautiful with complex flavors and wonderful textures.   Next time I'm here, I'm avoiding the bitchy hostess at the door and sitting at the bar.The. Best. Meal. Of. 2013. Went for nye dinner. Much anticipated. Granted we had a prix fixed menu but the quality of the food was so superb. Such unique plates, flavors and combinations. The dessert was so incredible that I almost became emotional in trying to describe its amazingness. Not too sweet but just the right amount. Will be returning often. Ambiance is intimate and romantic. Great place for a date. Extensive wine list.  Talented chef from roxborough did not disappoint!!Phenomenal meal. Dined in April and enjoyed exquisite food and excellent service. Heading back tomorrow and looking forward to every bite!Magnificent in every way.  It's difficult to describe how perfect and impressive the food and service were.  I've had my fair share of fine dining experiences and this was no contest the best food and service experience I've ever had.  The artistry that goes into the food (and cocktails) is a serious level of craft.  But there is no pretense, what a relatable friendly staff!  We did the chef tasting and it wasn't cheap ( 
we definitely splurged) but if ever a restaurant was worth it...well Avance is indeed.  Most highly recommend!!!!Took my mom here for mothers day and we did the chefs tasting, and it was an such an elegant and top notch food experience.  The food was among the best I've ever had, and service was made us feel like royalty.  Try one of the craft cocktails too.  If you're looking for a special occasion restaurant look no further.  Or you can order a la carte any day of the week.  Happy to have this restaurant in Philly.Cool space with great wine selection and progressive food prep.
Avance's bears no resemblance to its predecessor Le Bec Fin, which is a huge relief.  I'll always remember my two paultry visits to Le Bec since both times I was asked to leave "as the next customers for your table have arrived."  That will *never* happen at Avance. I was there for a company holiday party and the service could not be more friendly.  Salmon tartare, carrots done some way presented over a bed of (non-edible of course) rocks, and foamed cauliflower were the highlights. The space itself is woody elegant yet somehow inviting, like an old, comfortable couch. Bonus: black walnut tables from Vermont. 
Looking forward to my next visit when the place is full bore.This restaurant is completely out of place in Philadelphia.  It's too upscale--the price point is high and the food is way too over thought with over the top presentation.  I make my trips to Philly for straight forward excellent mid-range food, which there is plenty.  
It could work in NYC (and a space of that size would be full every night, unlike Thursday at 8pm when we were there and it was empty).  The food is quite good and beautiful.  The wine selection was good as were the cocktails.  The service was a bit over the top, as though they had something to prove.  I've been to Michelin 3 star restaurants, where the servers talk maybe 25% as much and convey the same amount of information.  
Everything we tried was excellent.  I especially enjoyed the King Crab appetizer.  The  best part of the meal was the complimentary chocolates at the end.  
It was worth trying.  However, it was definitely the most exhausting dinner that I've had over my last few trips to Philly.  I don't know how it will stay in business.Philadelphia has needed a restaurant like this for a VERY long time.  The former Le Bec Fin space left big shoes to fill and Avance does it!
First, you walk into a very warm and welcoming atmosphere.  The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming.  My date and I started out at the downstairs bar which was intimate and lovely.  I ordered the "You should be kissed and often" and it is worth ordering just to watch it be made (with liquid nitrogen).  It was probably THE best cocktail I've ever had in Philadelphia, NY, DC or anywhere else.  The perfect blend of alcohol, sweetness and tang.  OUTSTANDING!
After drinks, we were escorted upstairs to a lovely table.  Service was IMPECCABLE - nothing was missed from the constant topping of my water glass to the attentive waiters/waitresses.  The amuse bouche was delectable and the presentation gorgeous. Three bread courses?  Don't mind if I do! The food was fabulous - the Striped Bass was the BEST piece of fish I have ever eaten.  Made so incredibly well and the sauce was out of this world.  I could go on and on but this restaurant is a MUST TRY!!!
Thank you Chef Bogle for bringing this much needed breathe of fresh air to the Philadelphia dining scene!  I see 5 out of 4 bells in your future!We went for my 40th birthday dinner and I've never had a meal like it in my life. We ordered the tasting menu: at least 12 courses - we lost count, with different wines paired with each. It took us over 4 hours to finish. We went into the kitchen to meet the chef afterward (it was after midnight when we finished) and could not have been more grateful. It was fantastic. The staff was so knowledgeable, made such wonderful suggestions, and treated us like we were royalty. It was a perfect evening, worth every penny (and it was EXPENSIVE). Our waiter, heavily-accented and impeccably dressed, was especially wonderful, I wish I remembered his name to post here but it's been 2 months since our visit. I can't praise it enough.Downstairs bar review only.  
Quick hit: food and drinks were lovely but service was very frustrating.  Wouldn't go again for anything beyond sitting at the bar.
Ugh.  That's how I feel about the downstairs bar at Avance.  I wanted it to be that first $45K Mercedes you buy when you're 30 that excites you so much you work your butt off to earn the $85K one ten years later.  I wanted to be a hideout from the dirty streets of Philly, the heaps of wannabees, Irish pubs and faux classy hipster bars where you get served $14 drinks by guys in Chucks.  I wanted it to be Chez Georges.
I did not get those things.  Go read my review on Chez Georges if you'd like but the point is I rambled on like a sidewalk poet, said and still believe it was a top 3 meal in this city and didn't even mention the food.  Avance was the polar opposite of that.
All I can say here is that the food was in fact amazing.  The juicy lamb burger made me feel like I was finger-painting in the Louvre.  Wrong in a good way.  Chawanmushi made us think, wonder why we'd never had such a unique dish before.  Drinks we had (Toe to Toe, Panda at the Disco) were phenomenal.  No complaints on what went into us.  None.
But I drop two stars because the service was so disappointing.  I may be wrong but I felt like after we both ordered drinks, chawanmushi, and the burgers (as we'd heard great things) we were left alone.  Almost ignored.  For a long time.  Like, we had both finished our burgers then sat there for another 15 minutes staring at empty plates.  I would have gotten another drink (maybe two), spent more money.  But no one came.   For over twenty minutes.  The complete opposite of the orchestra that was service at Chez Georges.
So yeah, the food and drinks were great.  I may come back and sit at the bar as the bartenders there sounded very attentive and obviously knew what they were doing.   But I must say I still have a bad taste in my mouth knowing the potential of the kitchen and space is so, so much more.Feels like you are entering a tomb. Dark and depressing to begin your evening? Creepy...also, the host did not even acknowledge us! My guests turned around and walked out!Went to the bar downstairs. By far the BEST cocktails I've ever had. Even the execution was a treat to watch. Try Panda at the Disco. It was my fave! Go see James the bartender, he was amazing making us drinks. This place is a more intimate environment. Definitely best cocktails in Philly. Yum. Can't wait to return.WOW! Just... wow! It was absolutely amazing; what an experience!!My husband and I got the chef's tasting menu a few weeks ago and I cannot stop thinking about it. Each dish was like a work of art. It was so beautiful, from start to finish, that I could not help but take some photos. Highlights were definitely the eggs, tuna, and halibut, but nothing disappointed. Not to mention that the ingredients were all so fresh. And the wine list, it was really more of a wine book. We chose an excellent Riesling, which really paired well with just about everything. Finally, the service and ambiance could not have been better. It was quite expensive, but worth every penny. I really hope that Avance is here to stay!So disappointed. We went for the special Valentines Day tasting menu. You would think that with everyone in the dining room having the exact same meal, the kitchen would be able to turn out the courses in an efficient way. Nope. Service was uneven at best. Way too much explaining about every thought that crossed the chef's mind, but we were left looking at our half eaten plates of mackerel (mackerel?) long  after telling our server we hadn't cared for it. The coffee "program" was a 15 minute dissertation on varietal beans that was more pretentious than the most overdone sommelier could pull off - followed by the worst espresso my husband has ever had. Even dessert was a disappointment. The chocolate mousse tasted off. To the plus, the breads were excellent. Whether this is a case of a new place trying too hard or a chef showing off and falling short remains to be seen.Avance's GM is very rude and did not handle my simple request well at all. She was incompetent and condescending. Incompetent and not helpful staff members behaving inappropriately do not suit the needs of the restaurant field in such a great city like Philadelphia. This place will probably not make it...We had the pleasure of dining here last night.  Did the chefs tasting menu and with wine pairings and everything was perfect.  The service was really fantastic, everyone was very knowledgable and friendly, even chef! We've eaten at most of the top places in Philly and were curious about the change over from Le Bec Fin, and I really think it's a fantastic change.  Will definitely be back! Thanks guys :)Juliana, The way you answered just confirms my first statement. We would have spend money while dining at avance while using the gift card you should have honored. That is what a competent and business driven GM should have done. To make money you sometimes have to spend some!  I guess you do not care about your patrons. Reading prior reviews and online blogs, will show if advance will survive the demands of Philadelphia.Review of the downstairs bar only:
Cocktails: Delicious, unique, and worth a trip back.
Food: Meh. Not terrible in any way, but just not memorable. The food was beautifully presented, but the taste was underwhelming, especially for the prices. The bread basket was our favorite part of the meal. 
Atmosphere: Very, very dark. I tripped a few times. Gray walls, gray floors, gray doors. Fun mix of music.
Summary: Definitely go for drinks. Give the food a try - maybe we were there on an off day.To date, the worst dining experience ever.  The staff trips over itself and is either overly attentive to guests (making them feel odd) or curt or dismissive of them (making them feel invisible). Décor is dull and heavy.  Eat lots of bread because there isn't much food.  Presentation lovely.  Bar area might be better.  Cannot understand the rave reviews - must be lemmings or people hired by the establishment.Avance is something totally different.   I had dinner with a girlfriend at the bar, we started with the fois gras and the chawamushi, which were both true standouts.   I had a cocktail called you should be kissed often, which was refreshing, delicious, and a touch tart.   It was everything an apple martini should aspire to be.   She had the see you around the bend, which was complex and sophisticated, and very boozy.    The service was great, and the desserts, mindblowing.   Yuzu custard was one of those dishes where you have no idea whats going on, but you LOVE it.   Swanky decor and awesome food, a bit pricey, but worth it.  Great place to have a leisurely meal and catch up with a friend.tl/dr: Michelin-star worthy food, chic decor, service has room for improvement.
-----
I came into Avance with high expectations: as heir to Le Bec-Fun, with a 2-Michelin-star chef from NYC (and pricing to match), it clearly aspires to join the elite of Philadelphia's fine dining scene.
The setting is at once familiar and new to anyone who had been to Le Bec-Fin. The same space has been utterly transformed into a sort of hip, modernist living room, with well-spaced tables and some tasteful design elements. A window at the back looks into the kitchen without letting the noise through, which is a nice touch.
The food was outstanding. We got the five-course prix fixe ($87), which came along with a couple amuse-bouche at the beginning and mignardise at the end. From start to finish, it was a series of inventive, fresh, and ultimately delicious courses. Highlights include perfectly cooked halibut with a perfectly matched truffle-based crust; an amazingly flavorful cut of beef from a local producer, and a fascinating cauliflower-scallop-custard dish that may sound odd but just worked wonders. The bread selections were stellar, and the dessert rounded out a near-perfect meal. I've dined at 1, 2, and 3-star Michelin restaurants in NYC and elsewhere, and these dishes are easily in that company.  
My one quibble is with the service. Given the high standard to which Avance aspires, it needs to get the details right. For instance, the guys serving bread were trying to do the "serve a piece of bread with two forks in one hand like chopsticks" move that I've seen at other fine dining restaurants, and can look super cool, except they clearly weren't that good at the move, and hence were awkward and slow (and kind of muttered the description of the bread). Also, our primary server was a bit pushy for us to order drinks (we got a bottle of wine, but she still encouraged us to go for cocktails, more wine, and/or other drinks at least 4-5 times), plus... how do I put this... she didn't have the level of sophistication that one typically encounters in this kind of place.
So overall, this place has some work to do, but is a great addition to the Philly scene, and somewhere I expect to return.I've been waiting for Avance to open and it did not disappoint. 
The interior is very sleek and inviting. And even though it was only the 2nd night open to the public, the staff and service was top notch. Extremely attentive and knowledgeable of the menu. 
I ordered the chefs tasting menu and every single course was excellent. Some of the highlights were; the bacon and eggs amuse, cauliflower chawanmusi, prime strip of beef and pear dessert. Oh and the bread service was excellent, each bread paired well with the course it was being served with. 
Overall, it was a memorable evening and couldn't really ask for much more in terms of quality of food and service.I stopped by for a quick drink as I work in the neighborhood and I missed my train. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. My martini was perfectly prepared and the ambiance in the bar area was intimate and conducive to conversation. 
The bar staff were well supplied and very professional. I'll definitely make this a regular stop. I can't wait to enjoy a meal here!Kane was insane tonight, that man can bring the thunder!A very nice, though pricey, New American show.  The halibut was exceptional and the atmosphere is somewhat formal but hip and tasteful.My gal pal E and I hit this spot on Saturday night. We didn't have reservation but were lucky enough to snag a table in the dining room. Our first stop was to the bar downstairs . I had the run n gun cocktail and it was awesome! E enjoyed sipping on Hanger Mandarin.  Moving upstairs, Avance is very formal. Perfect spot for a special occasion dinner. The menu is limited and there were no additions to the evenings menu. We split the Artic Char appetizer; I had the striped bass and E went with the swordfish.  The fish was cooked perfect. We both enjoyed the bread courses, each house made bread was delicious!  We didn't have dessert but were treated to a sampling of some very tasty morsels.  Well worth the money.  Certainly worth trying even for a cocktail.We did the 5 course tasting menu with a bottle of the OPP Pinot Noir. Tasting menu was very good and creative. My favorite dish was the sea bass. Service was good but not great. Our waiter couldn't even explain to us how the wine pairing worked with the tasting menu which is why we went with the bottle. He had no idea of cost or of the wines that accompanied the tasting. Other than that it was a very good and interesting dinner.My friend and I did the chef tasting for $138 per person.  I believe (and I may be remembering wrong, but believe me it was more than enough food) we had a total of 12 dishes, including amuse-bouches (2) and a last plate of little cookies--after already having 2 desserts.  
EVERY single dish was a work of art.  It was like going to a modern museum or having Picasso construct our food. 
A few dishes stuck out for good (hence four stars) and for bad (hence lost 1 star).  We'll start with the "meh."  The scallop dish was just a touch too salty but the greens used with the scallop dish mellowed that out, and I only wish there were just a few more sprigs of it.  The tartare dish was mediocre--while it looked and sounded impressive it was not as flavorful or as interesting to the palate as I hoped it would be.
While its flavor profile was not as interesting as the ones I am about to mention, I have to give props to their mussel appetizer--I had no idea when brought out that the shell was edible and that was just plain fun to eat the entire thing: mussel and "shell."  Their play on bacon and eggs (an appetizer that comes in a hollowed out egg, bottom layered with caviar) was very very good.  The custard dish with English peas was perfect.  I thoroughly enjoyed the skate.  And the lamb was amazing.  
My friend had heard that service was poor here.  We both felt otherwise.  We had started at the bar downstairs with a cocktail each.  Our table was ready and my friend had not finished her drink.  The hostess brought her drink for us (so many other restaurants tend to just have us carry our own drinks).  Upon sitting we were greeted immediately by a waitress asking us about what kind of water we would like (still or sparkling).  And we had what looked like a manager or sommelier checking in on us, giving me excellent wine suggestions, and explaining every single complicated dish before us.  
If you want to go fancy, if you're into molecular gastronomy, if you would like to impress someone and be impressed, try Avance and do the Chef Tasting.I've been dining only at high stars resto--- this is the best 
Everything done right and perfect for the nite...I went for dinner and drinks at the bar downstairs. At 7 pm on a weeknight, the ambiance is dark and cool but well-attended and buzzing with excitement. 
The bartender recommended "See you Around the Bend" from the cocktail menu and it was delicious. I don't remember the bartender's name but he was very knowledgable and attentive.
I also ordered the assortment of five cheeses and the lamb burger. When the cheese plate arrived the description of the 5 cheeses was rushed (as in, i didn't know what cheese was where on the plate) so I asked for clarification. 
The lamb burger was delicious. Definitely try it. 
Overall, the bar has an exciting atmosphere but the service is a bit inconsistent. I've never been to the upstairs restaurant but from what I've been hearing, the downstairs bar was a better choice.
Side note: I tried accessing the menu online at Avance's website. The photos on the front page were gorgeous but the link to the menu didn't work. Too kitschy (pictures, drop down items, etc) and not enough delivery (couldn't access a menu).My wife and I are dined here this past weekend, and opted for the Chef's Tasting Menu ($138 per person).  Here is a breakdown of the experience: 
Ambiance (5/5) - great decor, and we had an amazing table (table 37).  It's a 2-seater with a view of the below dining area.  I'd say the noise level was moderate, but still intimate (at least from where we were sitting).  I think the first floor would be less intimate.
Service (4/5) - before going, I've read many of the reviews that this area needs to be polished, and I'm not sure they got the message.  Don't get me wrong, the wait staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  They explained every course, and answered every question very well.  What was lacking was timely service.  I think we waited almost 30 mins between one course.  We waited another 20 mins before the dessert courses.  Our meal, which I expected to be long, shouldn't have been 4 hours.  Fortunately, we didn't have any other plans, nor should you since the meal is an event in and of itself.  Personally, I think if Avance wants to live up to the hype, this area of timely service will need to be improved.  Another minor gripe was that we were charged for a cheese plate on top of the tasting menu cost, and this was not brought up when ordering.  Since we didn't even eat the cheese (I hate smelly cheese, so please don't take this as a reflection on their cheese selection), the server graciously removed it from the bill.  Like I said, minor, but definitely anytime an addition that costs something is made, it should be fully disclosed to the customer.
Food/Drinks (4/5) - if I were to rate this before the dessert courses, I'd probably have given the overall review a 5, and overlooked the service issues.  But those last 3 dessert dishes definitely were not the way to end this dining experience.  Here's what I can remember:
Canapes:
-Lemon Soda: 4/5
-Oyster on an edible squid ink shell: 5/5 - very innovative and tasty
-Chicken Liver Moose Cracker: 6/5 - amazing flavors, and i hate liver of any kind!
-Eggs and Bacon: 4.5/5
Breads:
Great house-baked breads.  The BLT bread is amazing, but so were the others (semolina, brioche, etc...): 5/5
Mains
-Arctic Char: 4.5/5
-Foie Gras: 6/5 - wow, might be the best I've ever had.
-Chawanmushi: 4.5/5
-Broccoli: 3/5 - I felt that this dish lacked direction.  There were no distinct flavors and felt very out of place.
-Sturgeon: 5/5 - very good.
-Strip steak - 6/5 - I'd order 3 of these and call it a meal.  Steak was perfect, and the jus was decadent.
Desserts:
-Another dessert with beets - eh
-Rhubarb ice with Meyer Lemon sorbet: 2/5 - lacked depth and flavor
-Chocolate cake with chocolate mousse: 0/5 - I could've done better at home with my hands tied behind my back (exaggerating to make a point).
-Mini pastries - 2/5 - just plain boring
Drinks: 5.5/5
-Tried 3 in all (in order of preference): you should be kissed and often, toe to toe, and see you around the bend.
-All of them were great, but I really loved that 1st one.  If I were working at Avance, I'd make a cocktail pairing with the tasting menus - they can stand up on their own.
-Didn't try any wines, but from an affordability standpoint, I thought this was one of the better lists for a restaurant of this caliber.  They had reasonably priced options for every budget.
Overall, my wife and I wanted to love this place more.  Having been to some of the nicer places in NY where Chef Bogle built his 2 michelin star restaurant, you can see where he is going, but he definitely isn't there yet.  After losing his first pasty chef, he definitely needs to make finding another one his first priority.  A place like this should not be putting out desserts like that PERIOD.  Even considering the service and dessert flaws, I'd highly recommend this place.  Some of his dishes were as good as it gets, and there are others that need to be refined a bit more.  Maybe when they get their new pastry chef, I may venture back.Excellent! Superb, and flawless. Sound familiar? Shao Khan style! I really like this place. This is worth the discovery. Alina was a great waitress. They take great care of their customers. Try, but bring some money because it's $$$$$$$$I took my husband here to celebrate his birthday. We love eating out and are generally pleased by the great restaurants and chefs we find in Philly, but for this occasion I wanted something more special. We left Avance in awe of the staff, the chef, and the incredible food. 
The tasting menu was superb; complex, thoughtful and perfect.  Yes, this place is pricier than the average good Philly meal, but you're paying for a quality of ingredients and service that we haven't experienced anywhere else in the city. We were blown away by the staff's efforts in helping us make this celebration special. I highly recommend Avance if you're looking to treat yourself and others to an unforgettable meal.Very disappointed and experienced the worst service for the money. Not a Le Bec Fin French restaurant at the address. It was replaced with Avance in Dec/Jan. If you have old restaurant guide or information, this place is NOT Le Bec Fin. Check your receipt. Wine might be added unintentionally. Water glass was overfilled and wet the table, but it wasn't replaced or cleaned. We asked more butter, but they ignored it. We had the tasting menu, but they looked like all came from the sea food buffet in smaller portions. I don't understand good reviews about this place. The manager wasn't available to discuss the bill and service. You have more options in this area. Don't ruin your special event and time.I took my boyfriend here for a birthday celebration. We were seated at a couple's table right near the entrance (facing the entire restaurant). The bf and I really liked it (we love to people watch) but I can see it being a little strange for some people. No worries though, you can always asked to be seated elsewhere. 
We got the 5-course tasting menu and both of us left super full. The staff was extremely attentive and knowledgeable and gave great wine suggestions to pair with our food. The presentation of the food was impeccable! The bf made a comment that he never knew food can have so many different kinds of textures (in a good way). All in all, it was a very memorable night! I highly recommend it for both a romantic night out with your significant other or even for a family outing! (We went on Mother's Day and there were plenty of families there; there were even a few kids.)Went for a special occasion dinner, and it definitely lived up to the occasion. The service at first was a little bit stuffy, but as we got to know the servers, they warmed up a bit. We sat upstairs and liked the privacy of the space , however the lighting was a bit dim. 
As for the food, save extra room despite what you order- between each course there are many little offerings of treats, whether it be the amuse bouche, or a variety of house baked breads which were all very fresh with interesting flavors to perfection (and I'm not normally a big fan of bread). Before you order, I highly recommend asking the servers for their seasonal favorites as I'm sure the menu changes frequently. We enjoyed the arctic char tartar- very buttery, with a crisp apple bite at the top, and some other molecular gastronomy tricks that provided interesting textures. We also really enjoyed the sea bass and duck entrees. 
It was worth skipping dessert because they give you little bites of macaroons and other tasty treats at the end. I'd also recommend saving room to go downstairs and have an after dinner cocktail at the bar - very knowledgable bartenders who will make you a specialty drink to appease whatever strikes your palate.I didn't think Philly would ever see a place like this. My girlfriend and I checked out Avance Friday night and were blown away. We wanted to try one of the tasting menus so our server explained that we could choose between 5 and 8 courses. Initially, the 8 course menu was a bit too much for my girlfriend but our server convinced us it was the way to go. He recommended we try a wine pairing if we wanted the full experience. I don't drink a lot of wine, though I like it and it is all my lady drinks. It sounded good so we went for it.  At a place like this - you listen to the server
The food was incredible and though we left stuffed, we were able to finish without being uncomfortable (which is how I felt at the French Laundry).  I now love Madeira and we joked with their sommelier that we would have never tried it otherwise.  She explained that she loves it too, which is why it's usually included if it fits. It was a home run. There are so many things on each plate, we loved every morsel. The service was really impressive. We appreciated the black napkin which came when we arrived. They dropped things off and took things away with a bunch of people. Everyone was so NICE! The cloth towels in the bathroom were a great touch that you just don't see anymore (especially since the water in there is freezing cold). The hostesses remembered what coats we were wearing and had them out and were waiting for us with them when we left. She then stood out in the freezing cold to get us a cab so we didn't have to. It's the little things, right? On the negative, it still smells like fresh paint in there and that hand sink in the bathroom needs to heat up faster.  Otherwise, Avance is fantastic!!!!!We had dinner at Avance to celebrate a birthday. From the moment we walked in the door the evening was amazing. The decor including the Brazilian walnut tables sets a contemporary and warm tone. Our drinks served by James at the bar downstairs were a hint of goodness coming our way. They were short on the vodka for the speciality drink I picked but James offered up an amazing gin replacement with egg white and herb accents.
Following drinks we moved upstairs for dinner. The service was impeccable. We chose to order from the appetizer and entree selections (next time the chefs menu for me). Everything was amazing. I started with the king crab. The mix of egg yolk, greens, and crab was unbelievably creamy and rich. At the advice of our waiter I didn't hesitate to soak up the egg with the house made bread. My hubby had the spring salad which was beautiful and must have been great because it was gone in an instant. The asparagus featured several distinct and refreshing flavors. 
For my main course I picked the Neiman Ranch strip, it was cooked perfectly and served with smoked potatoes. We finished up by sharing the banana and chocolate deserts both complex and memorable. 
All in all this was an outstanding experience. I definitely recommend it. We'll be back soon.Cocktails were delicious. In retrospect, I would have preferred to sit at the bar all night rather than the dining room. I'm not all that impressed by "smoke and mirrors" and parlor trick cocktails. But theses were tasty and the bartenders really took their profession seriously. Kudos to them.
Dinner on the other hand, was not so good. The entrees were so small and over priced. I ordered the duck and it was mostly fat and no duck. I left hungry. I wasn't thrilled with the presentation. I feel that if you have to over compensate with pizazz and flash, 9 waiters to clear a plate, fake snow added to the meal, your lacking tasty food. 
The decor was dated. The bill was way out of my price range.
 Meh. Not really a good fit for down to earth Philly. Maybe LA would be a better venue for this type of fair.Great food. Friendly attentive service. Understated (borderline borng) but relaxing atmoshere.
We had the five course tasting menu (plus 6 amuse bouches) accompanied by the wine pairing. Every course was tasty, textured, pretty, clever, and (did i mention?) tasty. 
We live a couple blocks away and will make this a regular stop.Not all it's cracked up to be, unfortunately.  Needs some tweaking and an adjustment in service before it's really worth it.
My friend and I went for her belated birthday and sat downstairs at the bar.  Started off with some promise (the foie gras piped like ribbons was ridiculous and beautiful), but our server was INTENSE and a little too much all the time, even when he didn't know what he was talking about.  When I asked what one of the elements of my pork neck dish was, he quickly told me it was a scallop - it wasn't - and then almost immediately whisked himself away.  The internet tells me it was most likely kohlrabi. Yes, MOST DEFINITELY a scallop then.  Overall a little disappointed in my main, especially compared to what we started with.
He also recommended both the bacon and eggs and chawanmushi, both really great - the former being served even better than the foie gras, by saying they were a must or the best, something that happened to us or around us a few times during the evening. Avance: home of everything best and great in Philadelphia. I had also asked to hold on to the menu, which I left to the side of my plate, but it was eventually taken away before the main dishes were served...  guess I will not be partaking in any additional items or beverages.
I think the total was $120, tip included, no alcohol, two mains and three plates to share.   Probably would be a solid four star, with a solid douchey vibe, if we just stuck with only small plates and hadn't gotten our happy buzz on up the block at Franklin Mortgage.Fantastic. Went for drinks and dinner at the bar downstairs. Dinner was very affordable for such outstanding food. Drinks we're amazing. Great selection of wines and cocktails. I will definitely be back!*Review of the downstairs (bar) area*
I decided to make a reservation for a table at the Bar at Avance just in case there weren't any seats at the actual bar...and I'm glad I did.  At 7pm on a Thursday night, the place was packed. I started out with the Panda at the Disco cocktail and that's what I stuck with all night.  It was lemony, minty and refreshing. We started out with some oysters which were perfectly fresh and paired with a mignonette sauce. The arctic char is served raw & paired with a really delicious horseradish cream + shaved fennel & apple.  The foie gras was TO DIE FOR. When the plate came to the table I looked at it and thought "what the hell is that thing?" but it turns out that what is listed simply as "foie gras" on the menu is a beautifully presented whipped foie gras that you can spread on brioche. It was the tastiest foie I've ever had.  Also it's a BIG portion, perfect for sharing. The dry aged duck was also excellent. The server/food runners were great and explained the food in detail without being annoying about it. Timing of dishes was perfect.
One of these days I'd like to go all out and try the tasting menu upstairs, but the downstairs bar area is perfect for sampling the wonderful food at Avance in a more casual setting without committing to the tasting menu.Avance's opening was lovely, but first I must bid the salmon-and-gilt flair of Le Bec Fin a fond adieu. The only French pieces left seemed to be the (adorable) demitasse spoons, the use of the phrase "amuse-bouche," and the steak knives (forged in France).
Enter through a dark colored door with a slightly industrial feel and approach a wooden hostess stand. Wood is a centerpiece of Avance, with roughly hewn and multi-finished wood (e.g., the bar, the tables, the stools). Go downstairs if you want access to the restaurant's only bar. Dimly lit with a narrow space between the bar tops and the bar itself, the space will likely have better flow with regular service.
The first floor's eye-catching feature is the multitude of glass lamps that light the space. The lofted seats are fun and tucked away, though whether because of the distance from the bar or because it was a first run, the (drinks) service up there was on the slow side.
NB: The napkin folding service, bussers, and crumbers were on top of things, though. It's a slightly jarring mix of "we're casual" and "we're fancy."
The food was good, but unremarkable except for two items: a tasty steak (possibly the best I've had this year in Philadelphia!) and the bread (especially the honey wheat) was phenomenal. But can a restaurant rely on steak and bread? We shall see.
The rest of the meal had glimmers of what could be: the tuna tartare was bland and fishy at the same time, the decorative smears on the plate were tasteless, the chocolate coffee mousse was good, but I I found myself wishing its espresso flavor was stronger.
Avance obviously has great potential (and a fantastic location!), so I'll return and try it again once it's gotten into its rhythm.
PS. No cell reception up in the balcony!
PPS. A single bathroom (i.e., one toilet, one sink) for the entire restaurant? The individual use cloth towels with laundry basket was cute, but I'm hoping there's another somewhere...I agree with comment " I never thought I would find a restaurant like this in Philadelphia" 
Delicate, wonderful food and service. What attention to detail! The seasonal changes will keep the chefs on their toes, and my wife and I, wearing out the welcome mat!  Yahoo AvanceNOTHING young, fresh, fun or interesting about this restaurant.  Mediocre food overshadowed by a sea of dull gray (literally).  From the carpet to the seating and the padded gray walls, along with every plate and the rock candle in the center of the table.  The waitstaff enveloped in head to toe gray which matched their emotionless expressions.  No one smiled and no one was having fun.  For a restaurant trying to shake the stuffiness of it's predecessor, Avance went stark, and cold with a "trying too hard" feel.  In today's Philadelphia restaurant scene diners want a relaxed, cool, lively atmosphere with outstanding food.  Take any of the old favorites, Alma de Cuba, Fork, Vetri and some of the newcomers, Vernick Food and Drink and Stateside - an immediate warm and inviting feel mixed with exciting, innovative food, to create a fun night out.  And the AWFUL music at Avance was just the icing on the depressed, gray cake.  Unless you're made of robotic parts, the music selection will motivate you to go home and play any arbitrary classic rock song just to withdraw from what effect this place has on you.  Put the same food(which was hit or miss) in a lively atmosphere that doesn't take three hours to eat, then you may have something worth trying.Awesome evening at one of  Philadelphia' s newest, and finest restaurants. We had a wonderfully romantic and delicious meal last week.  The service was impeccable and the food outstanding. We will add Avance to our list of favorites.Another overpriced restaurant for the Philly area.  A friend and I did the chefs tasting menu.  Mixed bag on the food yes everything was presented beautifully but I was so over foam and rhubarb by the end of the meal.  Highlights would be their foie gras, bacon and eggs and the steak was cooked perfectly  the rest I could have done without. 
For the price it just was not worth it.  To many other great chefs and restaurants in Philly that I will not be back. 
One last point the bathroom situation is horrific. One bathroom unisex single stall by the front door.  Just bizarreWent to Avance last night and it was extraordinary! We were on the fence about the 5-course tasting menu or a la carte but went with a la carte because we were interested in the some of the additional dishes. Everything was amazing, the plate presentation is spectacular, and the inventiveness of the dishes and techniques is like no other in Philadelphia. Highlights included the veal sweetbreads and jerusalem artichokes from the appetizers and the pork neck and duck from the entrees. Above and beyond the food the interior is gorgeous and the service was impeccable - extremely attentive and knowledgeable without being smothering. Also, less expensive than I would have guessed for the level of experience we had. Overall just fantastic, wonderful addition to Philadelphia!Yes. Perfect.
Be sure to visit the bar and experience amazing mixologists. All the service staff take large pride in their work. They are amazing friendly and you get to be a part of their family during your time there.
The food is simply amazing. Each dish is unique and perfect. You cannot go wrong with anything you order.Went for my birthday and ordered the chef tasting of 12 or about courses. The ribeye really stood out with a pleasant amount of juiciness. The dessert was awesome.Perfect for Manhattan in 2003!!!
In center city, with 2 hours before the orchestras performance of 'The Firebird', Lady Mary and I ventured to taste Avance. The Walnut street icon, and former home of Le Bec Fin had (and has) some mighty large oxfords to fill. 
We walked into what was either a very stark dinning room, or a very well appointed bunker. Is Avance nostalgic for the Spirit of the Blitz, or committed to a starkly utilitarian aesthetic to contrast it's decorative cuisine?...very heady!
The overall quality of the food was commensurate with the price, which is in the (price) stratosphere of Philadelphia dinning. However, the foie gras was as good as advertised, and the lamb burger has surely made it onto many a diner's top ten list. I was unsure if it was impolite to disturb the expertly places micro-greens and shaved radish, but decided throw caution to the wind for a few mouthfuls of perfection. 
To follow, Lady Mary and I ordered the brassicas and sturgeon respectively. I did not enjoy spending $25 on broccoli, and contend that the layers of flavour in veg. are finite, despite a good opening argument from our server for the defense. I enjoyed the accompaniment of horseradish with the sturgeon; less so the Riesling, the suggested wine pairing. We opted to steer clear of desert, in favor of a pair of diabolically delicious cocktails from Dr. Drink, Bradford Lawrence. 'The Ford', a gin and orange bitters arrangement, was possibly the highlight of my evening (Stravinsky not withstanding), and was definitely the least pretentious item served. 
It should be noted that I can't stand tasting menus. This fact did nothing to help with value. After tasting enough to feel satisfied, and drinking enough to fortify us for the evening, dinner for two approached $300. Although that price point didn't bother me at all under the Perrier regime (nor did wearing a jacket to dinner), the same figure irritated the dickens out of me with Bogle. 
I reflected on why Avance inspired such ire in the Urqhart. Imagine someone handing you an apple, then demanding that it's a suitcase. When you try to politely point out that it's fruit they are holding...it's delicious, and can't hold or transport clothing...they INSIST that it, in fact, is a suitcase, and you are a plebe for not being able to recognize it. So it is with Avance. It insists that the restaurant is connected with the city and it's inhabitants, when it so clearly has no relationship with the former or the later. Nor does it care to. The space does not capture the soul of the city. The cuisine does not speak to the gritty, underdoggy pluck of Philadelphia. The servers come across as public relations specialists, and the price point makes those of us who drive Jaguar Eagle roadsters wince. 
The skill level and quality of cuisine are clearly excellent, and I won't be back.Went last night with my DP and loved it. There were a few bumps along the way, but the overall excellence of the food, service, and inventiveness won me over.
Here's a rundown of the experience.
We had early reservations for 5:30 Friday evening. They called me around 4 pm to confirm, which I thought was odd but they asked about dietary restrictions which seemed up to date.
Upon arriving, you can't but help notice the darkness. It's a heavy decor, lots of black curtains, thick, dark wood, etc. They were having temperature issues in the dining room, so we had to wait about 10 minutes to get seated with the other early couple.
The wine service was good. I'm not a huge wine guy, so usually go by the glass. I did a Napa Chardonnay. The server was VERY knowledgeable, and knew her stuff despite looking like she was 22. ;)
We opted for a la carte, since I'm a control freak and my DP doesn't like to "eat too much!" It turned out great, since there are a lot of amuse bouches and nice touches (pardon the butchering of the French).
1) Complimentary Brut -- set a positive tone (5/5). Our waiter arrived with this, and he's a BLM vet and was a great guy throughout. Really perfect except he needs to unbutton the bottom button of his jacket
2) Amuse bouche - Crackers with Uni Mayonnaise (5/5) -- positively delicious. I was ravenous to start, but this was a light wafer-like cracker (tortilla chip?) with an Uni/Mayonnaise type of paste on an artful bed of smoothed stones and kelp. Right away you know you're dealing with something different. I loved the mix of textures, which was a perfect pairing of some crunch and smoothness that left one satisfied in a great way
3) Amuse bouche - Poached egg with spinach oil, bacon, and caviar (5/5) -- Oh wow. This was out of this world. This may have been more of an egg custard, but the caviar and bacon add a savoriness that took it up a level. It was presented in a carton of 6 eggs, two of which were opened up poached egg style the other four were cold and not to be eaten. Kind of fun
4) Amuse bouche - Tuna tartar with horseradish (2/5) -- Garish display, IMO. It was a small portion of tuna tartar that was not particularly fresh, with a hint of spiciness to it (very little), and it rested on a dried vertebrae of the tuna. I was left with a poor taste in my mouth as well as in my mind.
Luckily, the bread service came to the rescue!
5) Sweet bread with sea salt and homemade butter (5/5) -- This was my favorite bread. It had an outer layer akin to Philadelphia soft pretzels, but the inside was sweet and moist and not too hot. The butter was very good and topped with more sea salt, but this was a darker variety. Loved it
6) First course -- Arctic char w/ shaved apple and fennel (4/5) -- Very pleasant and clean opening course for me. I love raw fish (am a real sushi snob), and this was good although after doing places such as Yasuda etc in NYC my bar is VERY high. The apple was lovely, and there were other great flavors here (maybe horseradish) that made the dish pop. Presentation is fantastic and artful although the plates are extremely dark and heavy
7) Buckwheat bread (4/5) -- This was hearty and well timed. I like the idea of buckwheat more than the flavor, although this one worked well. The crust was crispy and robust
8) Brassicas (5/5) -- This was the "greens" plate and honestly on the same level as Vedge. I asked them to go "lite" on the oil and they complied. You could really enjoy the assemblage of vegetables, which included a roasted leek, shaved Brussels Sprouts, et al
9) Rye bread with amaranth (3/5) -- I was breaded out at this point, but it was an interesting combination of flavors. The bread guy (for lack of a better term!) really talked this one up. My DP loved it. I probably don't have a sophisticated enough wheat palette
10) Halibut with black truffle (4/5) -- Halibut was cooked perfectly, so soft and buttery inside with a crispiness to the skin that I loved. I did not have black truffle w/ it but am too much of a softie to point it out to the servers. I preferred the lighter version, anyway. The additional garnishments were perfect, such as cabbage and a sweet potato reduction
11) Cheese plate (3/5) -- This was a bit of a disaster. A different server brought us the cheese plate, struggled mightily in naming the different cheeses (my DP is French so I watcher her wry smile), and left without opening the glass serving lid nor did he bring us bread. He came back with regular baguette (not thinly sliced), and yet another server came with the proper thinly sliced baguette. The cheese itself was a good assortment, although it was bereft of a distinct blue and while the honey was a good accompaniment I would've preferred another sweet add such as green apple slices or a jam
We were too full for dessert, but the menu looks enticing. I'd opt for the Yuzu creme brulee or assorted fruits dish with sorbets next timeIt's not often I give a five-star review, but Avance definitely fits the bill.  The atmosphere is sophisticated and classy, the service is great, and the food it outstanding.  I found they combined just the right amount of new-age/post-modern techniques to make it interesting, but not overshadow the dishes.  Everything was cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Definitely not Le Bec Fin, of course, since this is a totally different concept, but great for a special occasion or just a night out.  The bar downstairs is a mini version of the restaurant upstairs, with full a la carte menu, but no tasting menus just yet.  The five-course tasting was great, and I didn't leave wanting more.  My date and I did add the foie gras a la carte course as a sixth course, and split it; a nice addition, and enough foie to split between two people, no doubt.  
Just go, you'll love it.