Absolutely delicious! Our server was prompt and really nice and the food was incredible. Great experience. The Kofta is exactly how it should be.
I can't eat sugars or carbs and they were very accommodating to me and gave me alternatives to the rice.I've walked by this place several times, and I'm glad that I finally stopped in for dinner. I had the prix fixe dinner menu of lentil soup, Khudaar Mashwi, and the Egyptian Rice Pudding (there were a variety of other options in the 3 course menu though). All were very good and filling--I had enough leftover for lunch the next day!
The server was attentive and very friendly. The environment is perfect for a date or a nice dinner out and the food was delicious with ample serving sizes. I would recommend this place.Celebrated Valentine's Day here for dinner.  Nice quiet, dimly lit  atmosphere, perfect for a date.  We were handed the fixed Valentine's Day 4 course menu, and after looking over it, we decided to see what the regular menu had to offer.  Our server, (I'm hoping was new), seemed upset that we were not going with the set menu for the night and had to confirm with the manager to give us the regular menu.  We weren't turning that menu down, but just wanted to see what else they offered.  We did get a chance to look at the regular menu and in the end we ordered the Thulathiyyat Hummus, Grilled Salmon, and Parmesan-Crusted Chicken Breast.  First up was the trio of hummus' served with pita bread.  I loved the house hummus and the roasted pepper & garlic hummus.  Both were very flavorful and yet not overpowering, but I wish that they provided more pita to go with it.  We only had 3 pieces each and the pita wasn't that big.  Did request some more pita, and later saw that we were charged for the extra.  Only $0.50, but oh well.  The main meals arrived shortly after and we dug in.  I did not get the chance to try any of the chicken, because I was really into my salmon dish.  I was told it was wonderful, and by the looks of an empty plate, I would say it was satisfying.  My dish had a very nice portion of salmon that wasn't dry or over grilled.  The sauce, vegetables and couscous were a nice mix of flavors and textures that accompanied the salmon quite nicely.  Heard rumors that this place had a spectacular burger.  Burgers at a mediterranean restaurant?  Will have to confirm this another time.The service was incredible and the food was amazing. I had the 3 course dinner in which I  ordered the lentil spoil, khudaar mashwi, and baklava served with Egyptian mint tea.  The entire meal was only $25, what a deal! This restaurant is definitely worth a visit.Delicious food, excellent service, wonderful ambiance! Authentic mediterranean food from Egyptian tradition! we'll be back!We went to celebrate a friend's birthday at Aya's. The restaurant's ambiance is great, the lights are dimmed and perfect for a date or BYOB.
I ordered mixed vegetables and grilled eggplant with Israeli couscous and tzatziki sauce. Everything was delicious! The dudes in the kitchen can forget about dishwashing, because I just about licked my plate clean. I also sampled my friends' salmon and grilled eggplant linguini. The pasta was perfectly tender and tomato sauce tasted flawless. The salmon was a tad dry but still flavorful. Next time, I'll try their appetizers and lunch specials.
Service was excellent throughout the meal, our server was both accommodating and friendly from beginning to end. Aya's is definitely worth the trip. I can't wait to go back!Yumm! I have now been here twice for dinner.  I went as part of a group of 6 and everyone walked away happy and full.  I got the Khudaar Mashwi  and it was absolutely delicious. The leftovers for lunch the next day were amazing.  It is a great BYOB that is reasonably priced.  We will return for sure!Aya's sits unassumingly in my neighborhood and I passed it 100 times before my boyfriend and I decided to go out for a decent meal and it was pretty cold out, I suggested we try it!  It was amazing.  I imagine it gets over looked because it's not mainstream ethnic food (Italian, Asian etc), but it is truly awesome, and BYO to boot!
We thoroughly enjoyed Aya's taster and twice now I've ordered Shrimp & Scallops (sauteed with tangy sun-dried tomatoes and mushrooms in a creamy sun-dried tomato pesto sauce. served over spinach) which is amazing b/c normally i would associate this dish over pasta, but it absolutely did not need it at all!
Please go and try it, it's a great experience and for all the yelpers that complain of small cramped BYO's like you shouldn't expect it-- this place doesn't get the traffic that the other hyped BYO's get and it's just as good if not better. 
Usually there's street parking but there are a few lots nearby to accommodate you!If a friend hadn't suggested it, I wouldn't never have found this little BYOB restaurant that sits on Arch. The food is average, but large portions and moderately priced. The interior feels dark and dated leaving a somber impression.Disgrace.
I have bought the living social 25 for 50, just a couple of hours before coming.
When I came to the restaurant, the owner refused to accept it. 
Not only that, but he was vulgar, and despite not cursing, he was very close to do so. He came up with this weird explanation of why he's not accepting it (My plan was that you pay $25, then get a gift card value of 50, but you can't use it unless paying more than $100). 
Clearly- this is a scam, try to lure people to this god forsaken place. While people are there- they won't cause a scene so will already dine in. 
He did not try to work with our party, offer alternative solutions, nothing.
Rude, disgusting behavior and dishonest. 
I didn't try the food, so I can not comment on it. 
But even if it's the best place in Philly, I would not step in his place. A real scum bag of a person- that is my honest opinion after 5-10 minutes interaction with him.Aya's is a great option Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food in the area.  The food is very good and they have a discount for takeout!  I have been able to dine in and take out from here, and the quality is consistent for both.
Ambiance is cozy.  The place has a good amount of seating without feeling crammed in.  It's a small restaurant,  so when they are crowded, the place is full but customers are not on-top of each other.  There is also sometimes a table or two available outside when the weather is nice. Also, the restaurant is pretty dimly lit, so keep in mind you might need to use the flashlight on your phone to read the menu depending on where you are sitting.
The cuisine is pretty straight forward.  Although there are some odd items on the menu (such as pasta dishes and lobster ravioli) you will certainly have a tasty meal from Aya's.  I usually just stick to the items that actually go along with the theme of the restaurant which is middle eastern/Mediterranean.  You can't go wrong with the Muffuletta,  calamari salad, greek salad, beef kofta, chicken kabob, appetizer sampler, mussels, baba ghanoush, and hummus.
Staff has always been kind and friendly, always happy to accommodate and I have seen them happily help out those who are trying this type of food for the first time with recommendations and explanations of different items.Not sure where to go/ what to do for dinner? This is the struggle my husband and I have every Friday night. It's really fun. Anyway, we decided to come here and I'm glad we did. This place has amazing food- definitely a new favorite. We got the foule wa falafal, cilantro lamb stew and musakaa. The lamb was super tender and flavorful- the musakaa was amazing. The falafal was different than other falafal I've had but but the sesame seeds were amazing. Try it. Everything came out hot and the service was quick and very friendly- we went around 8 on a Friday night! BYOB and the ambiance was chill. Definitely a good place to go if you're indecisive and hungry for dinner (like we were). Glad we came- will definitely be back. Also- the baklava was AMAZING! I'm kind of a baklava snob and it was awesome. Can't wait to come back so I can try the rest of the menu.I really like Aya's. It's close to home and the food is always enjoyable. The staff is consistent and friendly and the food arrives quickly but isn't rushed out. Their prices are a bit high but I guess that's the breaks of being in their location. 
They do have a 5 course meal which is $35 and you get an appetizer, soup, salad, main course and dessert. You won't walk away hungry from it! They have a wide variety of daily soups that are always good - even if it's not something you'd want everyday, it's still good. 
They have some unique items on the menu so it's not your typical Mediterranean dining. Or at least none I'd been to before!
My favorite menu item is actually the lemon caper salmon with Israeli couscous. Not something I'd normally have at a med place but it works here and it's wonderful. I always end up taking half home for lunch which is a treat.
The downside? They just started adding 18% tip on all orders, regardless of party size. Do we usually give 18%+ tip? Yes, but it irks us to pay it automatically when it's just the two of us.
It hasn't stopped us from going but when the receipt says "tax not included" and they've hand-written in a tip and new total it's a bit lame.Aya's Cafe is not a cafe at all. Its a very intimate, somewhat formal, BYOB Middle Eastern restaurant. I'm actually not exactly sure which country/cuisine fits Aya's the best, but you need to eat here regardless. It is more unique than standard Mediterranean, the dishes are a bit more detailed with stronger spices and flavors. A popular dish is the Kabobs and Kofta, several of my friends have ordered this and loved it. My favorite is the VEGETARIAN MUSAKAA... I'm not even vegetarian, but this dish is so phenomenal, its all I order anymore! Served in a mini pot, the sauces that simmer all inside the eggplant and veggies is delicious. The raisins and cinnamon added to this dish makes it so unique, I can't get enough. The cream bechamel sauce they add on top is the perfect finish (although the last time I got the dish, the bechamel was missing, but maybe they ran out?). Also, the basmati rice served with it is delicious. For appetizers, the grape leaves are some of my favorites, and the hummus is also very good. 
BYOB is great, helps save some money on  your bill. The tables are somewhat on top of each other, so don't expect a lot of privacy with your neighbor's table. And, the service is usually slow, every time I go I only see 1 waitress. But, she is extremely nice and super sweet. Overall, delicious BYOB if you're in the mood for some unique, flavorful Mediterranean dishes. Give it a try!Great food! Went to try this place out today with a friend and we loved the food. The place is small,nice and very cosy. We went in for dinner and ordered two appetizers and two main dishes. My friend got the celery lamb and I got musaka with meat sauce. We also ordered the rice pudding. I will definitely be back to try out more. Keep in mind that the main dishes come in big portions. We couldn't finish them so we took them back home.Great dinner - and its BYOB. We were there on a Friday night around 6:30, and they seated us at a quiet table in the back - perfect for our two girls, 4 years old and 10 months old. The waiter was extra attentive to our needs, getting food for the kids first. The pita pizza for kids was GREAT - I stole a piece, both girls loved it. I had the kebab/kofta combo and could've eaten a whole plate of either. Flavorful, tender, well seasoned. Waiter recommended rice pudding - heavenly. So glad this gem is around the corner.The food here is delicious. I came here on a lunch date with the wife. She had the salad with crinkled chicken and I had the schawarma. Both were good but if coming here sparsely I suggest getting something off their grill like kabobs. 
We also had the baba ganoush which was second only to Zahav. 
And then the piece de resistance was the baclava and Turkish coffee which was delicious. 
This is not a super fast place so if you are looking for that go elsewhere. However I personally like the pace because it's just a very chill atmosphere. 
Will return soon!Everything I've had here is fantastic. The mussels (red or white) are the best I've  ever had in the area! The salmon is cooked perfectly! The chicken kabobs are tender and juicy. Save room for the rice pudding and baklava. Staff is very helpful and accommodating and on a nice night there are a few outdoor tables on a tree-lined street.Super-yum and a super value.
I also forget its here because I usually don't go that far down Arch Street, which is a shame because I love Aya's.
I have only been at lunch time - but the prices have been reasonable and the food is excellent.  Nice yellow/earth toned decor, too.
Delicious baba ghanoush and pita bread.  (Very thin, hot pita - so yummy.)
They also serve some Italian-Greek ish food - sort af a Medditerranean hybrid.  
I agree with Caroline about the Aya's taster - what a great way to start the meal.
The Chicken gyro is enormous and very nicely seasoned.  Not greasy, too, which is a plus.
LOVE Aya's! Can't wait to go here again.I hadn't heard of Aya's Cafe until a girlfriend picked it for her birthday dinner. She wanted a BYO, and I'm so happy she went with Aya's. 
The prices are ridiculous, in a good way, considering the portions. I wasn't especially hungry so I went with what sounded like a really tasty appetizer - calamari salad. At $12, this salad is quite a deal. It's ginormous and could easily feed two or three people. The calamari is fried to perfection, and Aya's did not skimp on the amount of calamari. The veggies were all fresh, and the sesame vinaigrette was light but delicious.Being vegetarian we had limited options but whatever we had was so damn good.  We tried foule wa falafel for appetizer which I think was the best falafel i had so far and for the main course we had vegan moussaka was so delicious  
Reasonable price and good service.It's unfair to fault them for the unromantic location, so I'll heavily credit them for their fresh and savory vegetarian dishes.  A friend and I enjoyed a lunch on a summer's day a long time ago, but I can still remember that we received generous service while enjoying several appetizers and entrees from their menu.  The prices are a bit high, and as previously mentioned, you have to go out of your way to find this place.  I think better Mediterranean (Middle Eastern?) food can be found elsewhere.Yum, yum, yum.... I had the prefix dinner special w/ salmon and it was delicious. I think the portion sizes in Philly are much bigger than NYC because I left this place insanely full... My friend and I probably could have shared one meal and an appetizer. Our waitress was super sweet and attentive. Aya's cafe really has great ambiance and it would be a lovely and romantic place to take a date. 
ps... it's byob so pickup a bottle en routeThis was my fourth visit to this cafe, and it just gets better and better. Had the Baba Ganoush and Vegetarian Moussaka, both were fantastic.  With the restaurant.com coupon, it's a great deal. On a sunday there was lots of free street parking. Lovely waiter and reasonable prices.Amazing food! My go to place in the city the best kabob and kofta around! You have to save room for dessert for the home made rice pudding! I've never been disappointed here!Came here with my wife for lunch around noon, friendly staff very good prices, and very filling meals. Go Ayas Cafe you won't be disappointed. Minus 1 star only because they don't accept AMXNice ambiance , byob,excellent service ,the owners were friendly tasty middle eastern food ,amazing experience overall.Absolutely delicious, mouth-watering chicken kabobs!! When I bit into the chicken, I swear I got to taste heaven. The perfectly cooked chicken was juicy and full of flavor from the herbs, coupled with the delectable chargrilled taste. The rice that accompanied the kabob lived up to the prestige of the chicken. The brown rice featured subtle hints of cinnamon with raisins. The side of tahini sauce served as the metaphorical icing on the cake. 
The atmosphere has pillows for the booth seats, nice table clothed tables and dimmed lights. They even serve your bill in a fancy box (I have never seen the before).
The restaurant is also BYOB. 
I highly recommend this high quality restaurant!Love this place! The food is delicious (good veggie options) and the service is extremely friendly and accommodating. Only downside is that the restaurant is a little dark, so I wouldn't come here for lunch if it's nice outside.Very bad service, we were looking for a good kabab place in Philly since we have tried many restaurants. We ordered beef kofta with chicken kabab. When food come, all the surfaces of kabab and kofta were burned, plus entire restaurant only had one server and food came super slow, when we told server that the kabab was burned, the owner of restaurant showed up, we expect he was going to explain and apologize l. However he was super arrogant and kept saying " this is how the kabab should be!" We couldn't even talk with him he was very rude and kept stuffing us with his words. Will never go back this place again.I really like their lamb shawarma with a side of hummus, and lemony chicken soup. It's my perfect weekday lunch treat and I feel so cared for because it's good home cooking. You can taste the love in the food.Great food, terrible service! 
We ordered the fixed-price menu.. super yummy, but the server showed up with our main courses when we were still having our orzo soups.. then, the desserts came out when we were still having our entrees! I think our server must've been new.. but I mean, seriously, have you ever been to a restaurant where they put down a dessert next to the meal you're still eating?
Still, the food was really good. I hope they get better staff.. or like, someone who has a clue.At first I was turned off by the high dinner entree prices, but I quickly realized the ginormous portion size accounts for at least 2 full meals, making it a total bargain! The Frutti Di Mare Mondello was a completely delightful seafood treat. We tried the Aya's taster as well, which was overall proof that they do all the middle eastern staples right. I am definitely going to bring my boyfriend on a date to this lovely BYO :)Had been longing for some good middle eastern food. The lighting inside is kind of dim. Would make an amazing spot for a Date. I tried the Soup for the Day which I don't know what it was, but was amazingly tasty. The Grilled Salmon was also pretty good sauteed with capers and lemons.Incredible food. Try the moussaka. The rice pudding is great too. The orzo soup was my favorite, but they don't serve it everydayThe one n only amazing Middle Eastern/ Mediterranean in the whole of Philadelphia, excellent food n amazing service every single time. Have been going here for a reads now n the food is exactly the way it used to be maybe more yummier. Very affordable n it's a BYOB, what more can you ask for.
Their desserts are not to be missed. Our all time favorite is the Rice Pudding, out of this world n never ever to be missed. The Baklava is also fabulous.
Our all time favorite entree is the Cilantro Lamb Stew n Khudaar Mashwi for every vegetarian, this is one of their best n not to be missed.
If in Philadelphia, do visit this restaurant, you will not every single morsel, it never fails n the food remain the same par excellence.Small little Middle Eastern spot. Nothing fancy though the atmosphere and decor is unique. Service is good. BYOB. Menus is nice and has a good variety of dishes you don't see to often. I enjoyed the Aya's MushakkilI come to Aya's for their delicious $6.99 lunch specials.  On Monday's, they have a chicken shawarma sandwich served in grilled pita bread which is to DYE for.  It kinda tastes like a middle-eastern chicken cheese-steak with tahini but so much better. I promise its great and I am thinking about getting one for lunch as I write this article.
The chicken/kofta kabob pita or chicken/kofta kabob salad are also great choices as well.  The service here can be spotty, but the food is well worth it.Came in midweek midafternoon with hungry kids. The waitress was very helpful. The chicken kabob salad and falafel sandwich were good. They even have hamburgers in pita for the kids!This was my first time experiencing Aya's. I ordered take-out and got the chicken kebab salad. They forgot the "zesty Greek dressing" they promised (I only noticed when I get back to my office unfortunately), and then upon cutting into the chicken pieces I noticed that they were mushy and pink in the middle. After a minute in the microwave the chicken was good - but the lack of dressing plus under-cooked chicken means I probably will not be getting their food again.This is my first review but I was compelled to figure out how to  use Yelp because I feel that strongly. There is this place called Aya's Cafe on 2100 block of Arch Street which has been literally steps from my doorstep for the four years since I moved to Logan Square. My wife and I have combed the city for the best restaurants in Philadelphia, and all this time it was right outside our door at Aya's (it's unassuming from the outside - its only drawback - very nice inside).  I have been about 6 times, and have had 6 of the best meals I've eaten in this city. They do a lamb shank that is something special. Chops - equally delectable. They make a mousakka that is a bowl of bechemel heaven. They make an Egyptian Rice Pudding that has sent my guests into raptures. And since they bill themselves as Mediterranean as opposed to strictly Middle Eastern, they do a penne with marinara sauce, the likes of which I've never tasted (I'm guessing the secret is cinnamon, but that's just a guess. And to top it all off it's a BYOB so the bill is extremely reasonable. Try their price fixe for $25. Three courses of perfection. Enjoy, just make sure you leave a table for me.Ordered through grubhub, got my order 75 percent wrong, wouldn't redeliver, was willing to remake the food and I would pick up. But I already paid grubhub and the tip, and not leaving home was the entire reason I ordered. Had to go find another dinner, which costs time, and family was hungry. After talking to grubhub, restaurant agreed to give me half my money back. Food was also incredibly overpriced for what it ended up being. 8 dollars for two falafel is outrageous.I really like this place!  I've been to this cute, unassuming BYO twice now, once several years ago and once more recently.  The atmosphere is quiet and romantic, good for a date or a group of friends.  The cuisine was a little more Indian-inspired than I expected given the "Mediterranean food" tagline, but it was still really enjoyable.  That said, check with the server before ordering if you're not a curry or spice fan.  (If you're up for a curry dish, try the Cilantro Lamb Stew - tender and delicious!)Crouching tiger hidden dragon!  Great food, comfy interior.  The 3 course dinner is a steal.  Try the chicken kebab, u won't regret it.  This place is rummy in the pot.This little wedge of a restaurant delivers on style and decor, but falls short on food. It was easy to make a reservation for a Friday evening dinner and the venue was only half-packed when we arrived. We were very politely and persistently attended to throughout our longish stay (as per slow eaters) so kudos to their attentive wait staff.
The baba ghanoush appetizer was decently tasty, but I found the pita bread unimpressive. They looked like something I could have just picked up at the local grocery store. The main course was a multi-meat platter (chicken, lamb, beef kabobs accompanied with rice and grilled vegetables). The lamb was slightly under cooked and chewy, but the chicken succulent. 
Overall, it was an enjoyable dinner, but mediocre for the price we paid ($26 entree and $8.50 appetizer). I'm convinced there are more impressive Mediterranean restaurants nestled in the city. I guess if you're in the neighborhood, have a pocket full of a cash and a severe craving for hummus and grilled meats, you could stop by here.Right now, I am on the fence with this place. Expensive! But, good meal!
For the best experience eating at this cost. Its best for family dinner or taking your wife or jawn out to eat.Good quality food. My only wish would be that they offer some cheaper options for dinner - you can only get sandwiches during lunch time.Yadda yadda, **main course**, yadda yadda
---
(All Seinfeld fans should know which part to read!)
We decided to try this BYOB almost on a whim, and overall it was a decent place.  Here's my play by play.
General impressions
------------------------------
- The restaurant was pretty empty on a weeknight.  The hostess was helpful, yet authoritarian.  Reminded me, to a small degree, of a famous Seinfeld character (hint: soup...)  Curiously, even though the restaurant was empty, she balked at seating a large party for desserts / coffee around closing time.  And you want to substitute the salads for two orders of Baba ghanouj?  NO SOUP FOR YOU! ;)
- Curiously, even though the prix fixe dinner special ($35 per person, everyone in the party must order, 20% gratuity automatically added) supposedly included drinks, our mango and guava drinks (suspiciously from two cans of Goya) were billed separately, another $3.50 each
Appetizer
-------------
- I got the pita with hummus + one falafel; she, pita with baba ghanouj (but no falafel - take that, crazy Americans!).  Both dips were ok.  The falafel was interesting.  It was crusted with sesame seed and whole coriander seed.  The slight citrusy aroma from the coriander was noted, but didn't make the falafel itself outstanding.
- The mandatory house salad (NO SOUP FOR YOU!), dressed with tahini and the wayward black olive, was forgettable.
- The soup was ok.  It was an interesting cream-based soup, with spinach, celery, onion, and orzo. 
*Main Course* (the highlight of the meal)
--------------
- Aya's Mushakkil - she got this because, on the menu, it was described as "a must have for lusty tomb raiders" (woah!).  But surprisingly, the portions were generous, and the three kebabs (one steak, one chicken, one ground beef) were awesome.  They get bonus points for proper marinating, and for preventing the white meat chicken from drying out.  It was accompanied by two tender lamb chops, as well as a tasty cinnamon raisin long-grain rice.
- I got the cilantro lamb stew, described as "an ecstasy for carnivorous kings" (who writes this copy? Playboy?).  Here too, the stew was amazing.  The lamb was very tender, not too gamey, and the chickpea curry was expertly seasoned.
Dessert
-----------
- The baklava must've used a wrong batch of phyllo dough.  For some reason it seemed very heavy.
- My rice pudding with chopped pistachios had time to develop a milk skin on the surface, but beneath this, it was decent.  Not great, but decent.
The bill (play sad trombone here)
--------------
- A c-note.
- It came in a jeweled box, but N.B. - tip is already included!!  Don't overlook this crucial point and add more tip to the credit card slip later (and don't say I didn't warn you!).
Final thoughts
--------------------
- "Spendy"
- Cozy decor
- The main course salvaged this meal.
- Authoritarian hostess
- Would I come back? Magic 8 ball has sprung a leak...My husband and I have been here many times since it's close to home. The service is always great and it's one of our favorite BYO's. The best part of Aya's is the value. Portions are large and very reasonable for the high quality food and different flavors. They often have 3 course meal options at a reasonable price of $25. 
The one thing that bothers me about Aya's is that often when we go, it is fairly empty, which is a shame cause the food & atmosphere is worth the visit. 
I recommend the calamari salad, any of their soups, the falafel appetizer and definitely save room for the Egyptian rice pudding for dessert.Good food at a quiet, low key byob. Go for the lamb stew and kabobs. Nice date spot for the low key romantics.I really like Aya's and it's my go-to as they are right down the street from work. Their kabob salad is delicious. Their falafel was good but I always have to order everything without cilantro as they overdo it a bit. I'd love to go there for dinner one night as it is BYOB and the ambiance is very warm and inviting.The food is phenomenal!! I had the cilantro lamb stew and the flavors were amazing. The lamb was so tender it just pulled apart with a fork. The service was just as wonderdul! I highly recommend eating here.My husband and I LOVE this restaurant. Once we found this gem we crave for it about once a week.
The food is AMAZING!  My suggestions would definitely be the beef Kabob or beef Kofta. The rice is divine that comes with it.  We have had friends order the Chops, and they have liked that as well.  
If you go there, don't waste time with apps, dive right into dinner because its not a small portion.  Also, bring  a bottle of vino with you as its BYOB and that adds even more appeal to us.
The restaurant a decent size, clean, and the restroom is clean as well- which is a good indicator of their background ops.  The only reason why I gave it 4/5 stars is because they dont offer delivery directly from their restaurant, also, their decor could use a upgrade.
The Chef and Owner has greeted us a few times, and the staff is really friendly.
If you ever want to try something yummy, and hit the spot, Aya's is the way to go!Aya's is just flat-out tasty. I've never had a bad meal here. Whether it is the falafel or the ka-bobs, everything is quite good. The only reason I give it four-stars not five is that the atmosphere is a little too dark, and while most of the time, the service is very good, I've had some inattentive service from time to time. Overall, a definite favorite lunch spot.I found this gem when working at the school across the street many years ago. I always get the same thing and that is the chicken-ka-bob and it absolutely delicious. The lunch portion is small, but more than enough and comes with brown rice with raisins (I think!), pita with fresh greens and tomatoes. I live near Willow Grove mall, but still travel back to Aya's whenever I'm craving Mediterranean.A good cozy place with decor and ambience which lives up to the Mediterranean tag. 
Tried Chicken Kabob entree. Chicken is nicely cooked but the salad that comes along is quite literally tasteless. You might just wanna stick to chicken or any other meat you prefer. Rice and tahini sauce are below average. Lentil soup as a side was little too spicy ( some people might like it). 
Don't sit near the kitchen, doesn't present a pleasing image. 
People are nice. A little costlier compared to similar Mediterranean places.
Overall 2 star place with good meat.Delicious! Very nice place. I had the vegetarian mousaka for $16 and it was terrific! My sister had the Aya platter and it was great too! And our waitress Sarah was lovely and gracious.Everything we ordered here was good if not downright delicious, and the service was warm and friendly. I wasn't feeling too hungry when we went in, so I just ordered a Greek salad, but luckily my parents had eyes bigger than their stomachs and shared some of their soups and entrees with me.
The soups were the least impressive part of the meal -- both the lentil soup and the soup of the day were only okay. The lentil soup was punched up a bit with a squirt of lime juice, but compared to the rest of the meal, the soup was disappointing.
The Greek salad was great; the feta was tasty but not too salty, the dressing was nicely garlicky. The greens were quite fresh and crisp, and the tomatoes on both my salad and the salmon entree that my mom had were juicy, like they had come from a backyard garden. The olives on my salad were also really good, just a bit tangy. The only thing I would change about the olives was that there weren't enough of them.
My dad had the grilled Mediterranean eggplant, which is served with a tomato and olive sauce on top of Israeli couscous. This was a great rendition of eggplant, and the tomato sauce had more succulent olives to enjoy.
We rounded out the meal with some rice pudding (topped with tasty crunchy pieces of pistachio) and sweet mint tea. As we were finishing our meal, I told my parents they ought to move to Philadelphia so that we could enjoy good meals like this one more often.Great food, terrible service! 
We ordered the fixed-price menu.. super yummy, but the server showed up with our main courses when we were still having our orzo soups.. then, the desserts came out when we were still having our entrees! I think our server must've been new.. but I mean, seriously, have you ever been to a restaurant where they put down a dessert next to the meal you're still eating?
Still, the food was really good. I hope they get better staff.. or like, someone who has a clue.
Also, not wheelchair accessible.Friendly and flavorful. Attentive staff. Great menu for vegetarian or carnivore. I had a dish that came with delightful aromatic rice. I would go back its a nice neighborhood find.This is the second bad experience at this place. I knew from some of my friend that the place is not good but thought since close to our office we'll give it another try so a group of 5 us of us decided to go there for lunch. We'll never go back. The appetizer made from fava beans was completely off, no taste whatsoever. I am confident anyone can make one at home 10 times better. 2 of us ordered and gave it back. I asked if we could get at least 1 replacement with egg plant since 2 same dishes were returned. We were told 'Sorry but my manager said no'. Great. The other dishes were below average. There are definitely other places with much better food and definitely better treatment. Oh and not only that we were charged for 2 dishes we couldn't eat but on the way back one of my colleagues who asked if for tzatziki sauce said he was surprised they charged him $2 for it - unbelievable they charged for 2 spoons of sauce. Is understandable that every place is looking to make money but most places are also caring about customers but definitely not this place.Solid meal! We came with a group of 5 and were seated promptly (it was a late dinner).  The cushioned bench seating was a favorite.  The Aya's taster platter was a solid starter to try multiple things, but to it fill up too much before entrees.  
I don't think one entree at the table wasn't enjoyed!  Good serving size without the gluttonous sizes of some chain restaurants.  The vegetables in the sautéed veggie entree were very freehand delicious.
The staff was very accommodating and friendly.  Turkish coffee was explained to us and tasted! 
The ambiance with candles and ample seating good for communication was just what we were looking for!
You cannot beat it being a BYOB!!!!! Sweetens the deal!!
We will be back!NOM. The hummus with warm flat bread is amazing.  There's a number of awesome middle eastern food options at this BYOB.  Healthy plates like the salmon and couscous are fantastic and they have a number of great salads. Most recently had the calamari salad that came in a sweet vinaigrette.  Great prefix specials as well that keep things interesting.
Fast service and a really homey feel.  Great spot and affordable for the portion sizes!Very expensive. Bill was $80 for appetizer platter, two entrees and 1 dessert. Food was just okay. I think the owner was serving us and she was a little grumpy. The appetizer platter was tasty. The two kebob entrees were just okay. Wouldn't recommend this place.Excellent food, nice accommodating service, great prices, and BYO!  Love Ayas!  I lived next door to it for two years, and hosted my birthday party/engagement celebration there.  They are fantastic about a large group-the only bummer is that they charge you a fee per person if you bring your own dessert.  The atmosphere is adorable-very warm and comfortable.The chef/manager is a mean old man who wouldn't cook me a gyro because it was on the lunch menu and I wasn't ordering take out.  He had just fulfilled take-out orders for four other customers for gyros, but couldn't make me one because it was on the lunch menu?  What a slouch.  I ordered soup and by the time I got it, it was cold.  I'm pretty sure the chef's name was Adil?  Not exactly sure though.  In the end, my food was cold and the waitresses were being micromanaged by a mean old chef/owner!Aya's Cafe is located in the Logan Square area of Center City Philadelphia. It is metered street parking only, with very little availability of spots because residents of the area also park in the streets. It is not wheelchair accessible. Forget about having a private conversation here because tables are arranged so close to each other that you can clearly hear what the occupants of the next table are talking about. The server who also functions as the hostess greeted us warmly and sat us immediately. The Trio Hummus that we started out with tasted fresh and seasoned just right. It is initially served with only a handful of pita bread, but they will give you more at no additional cost to you if you ask. The Chicken and Beef Dinner Kebobs where tender and juicy. They were not overdone at all.  All in all, it was a satisfying meal. The only thing I want to bring up is they automatically add on 20% gratuity to your bill.  I will understand if they do this to a party of 5 or more. But for a party of 2, I feel that is not necessary. It was ok in our case because we had no problem with the service. But if we had a different experience, I would not be giving a 20% tip. This is a BYOB establishment.My first bad yelp review. We ordered $70 worth of takeout last night and the order came all wrong. I called, was put on hold repeatedly, and transferred between 3 people until the third man yelled at me and said we didn't order from them. I explained we ordered on seamless.com and after going back and fourth for 5 min he found the order and confirmed that the kitchen made a mistake. They refused to fix the problem despite it being their fault. I asked them to bring me what I had ordered and paid for or I would write a bad review and he said go ahead and hung up on me. 
I can't speak for the salad because I never received it but the kabob with rice was terrible. The chicken was extremely over cooked and dried out/hard as a rock. The rice had been sitting all day and was dried out, burned veggies all black couldn't even tell if it was burned chicken or vegetable. The hummus and babaganoush come in salad dressing containers so you get very little and they are swimming in oil. The pita is stale and hard as if it had been sitting around all day uncovered. The food is without a doubt not fresh or made to order. The rice and breads were all stale and dried out. I would never order from here again.I was pleasantly surprised by Aya's Cafe, since it was my first time eating here for dinner tonight. It also seems like a great place to take any vegetarian or vegan friends because they have lots of friendly options. The dinner prices are definitely more expensive than their lunch prices or lunch specials, but they do offer a $25 three course meal for dinner, which is what we went with. Since some of the entrees by themselves cost this much, this deal was worth it. 
I ordered a house salad to begin with, which was good (nothing extremely special). My mom ordered the soup option, Orzo soup in Chicken stock, which I really enjoyed. They used a lot of interesting spices in the soup, so I would probably choose the soup next time. 
I ordered the grilled salmon entree, which I really, really enjoyed. I will definitely order this dish again! The salmon was cooked perfectly to my preference (a little undercooked) and not overdone. There were also a ton of vegetables as a side (which I appreciated), and the couscous was delicious! 
The Kofta entree my mom ordered was good, but it wasn't great. It was a very large portion, but the kebab was a bit over-done and too burnt for my taste. I'm also not a huge fan of the raisin/sweet rice. 
We then ordered the baklava for dessert, which was really good baklava, just not the best I've ever had. It was room temperature, but if it had been warmed up just a little bit, I think it would have been perfect. 
Overall, I really enjoyed my dinner experience, and will likely be back for lunch or take-out!This place is a real find.  Food is excellent -- a great combination of familiar foods with superb new and different (but not crazy spices).  What am I saying here?  Well, lots of folks like so-called Mediterranean food and so-called Mediterranean food is getting thick on the ground, even at some remove from the Mediterranean (so-called or otherwise).  And it's good food, but some of the comfort tastes can get bland and repetitive.  The freshness of tastes here across the menu (so far as I know it) is thus a real treat.  
In decent weather it is nice to sit outside, and though the interior doesn't have a lot to recommend it, the quality of the service -- frankness and intelligence, not smarmy pseudo-engagement -- more than compensates.
Ratio of value to price is excellent.  Here's hoping that you'll ignore this review so that the place doesn't get any more popular and the prices go up to the point where I am less delighted in paying my bill and exiting.Decoration is nice. Food is nice. 
Turkish coffee : very good. Must try
Platter: good. Recommended 
Koba and kofta: love the slightly sweet rice. Meat is juicy. Nice!
Khudarr mashwi: deliciousThis place is consistently excellent. Never lets me down. Spicy Lamb shank with fruited rice. Pasta with cinnamon red sauce. Mousaka with bechumel sauce. Egyptian rice pudding that should require a license. Unassuming on the outside. Amazing on the inside, and on your inside. BYOB.Its within walking distance to my work and have been there few times. I had Chicken Gyro and Lamb Gyro and both were amazing. Service is very friendly and cordial. Love the Arab decor. I would highly recommend the place whether for lunch or dinner and even for a date.Horrible experience. The first thing the owner asked when we walked in was if we had a coupon.  We showed it to him and he said that we would have to spend $100  and that they would automatically add 18% tip!!  The voucher clearly stated $25 for $50 worth of food, no other restrictions or minimums.  He blamed living social and went on about how he cannot make any money giving people discounts like that.  WE walked out.  Never would I recommend supporting such a hostile, unscrupulous business. There are many other restaurants with great food, try the Kabob House or Kabul in OldCity , it's great, BYOB and the service was fantastic.Second time here but the first time was a while ago so we decided to try it again. Glad we did!  Cozy, laid back and rather quite.... quiet for a downtown restaurant. Service was good and the meal was very good. Try the zucchini soup ......excellent!
You should not be disappointed with your meal.We were in the neighborhood and decided it was a good time to try Aya's. The portions were large enough for two people to share the Mediterranean salad (fresh) and Musakaa (very tasty with a hint of sweetness). This seems to be a fairly quiet spot, so definitely think about just dropping in when you're in the neighborhood.Perhaps I ordered wrong. My friends who ordered the lamb special that evening seemed happy with their food. However, I ordered the appetizer platter that had grape leaves, hummus, babaganoush, pita, and falafel. I've eaten better versions of all of these foods at varying levels of establishments. The pita was actually a tortilla. Weird right?  Im used to fluffy pita, not flat.  The grape leaves were really dry. And the dips were passable, but nothing special. The place was cute enough and the staff were pleasant, but I was not impressed by the food.The owner here is so rude! Their card machine was "broken" and I asked for a written receipt just saying that I was only charged once. He immediately started raising his voice and asking if I had cash. I told him I didn't I just wanted to make sure I wasn't charged several times because they swiped my card several times. I just wanted something in writing. He starts yelling and saying im supposed to be nice. Is this guy serious? What happened to customer service it's not my problem you don't have procedures in place for this and I was just asking for a receipt my god! Lol he literally followed me out the store yelling and causing a scene because I wanted a receipt. I should have taken my money elsewhere and I will definitely not return. YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO TREAT PEOPLE!Just dined here on Saturday. We had the amazing hummus and pita for an appetizer. The aroma of the fresh pita was delightful. My dinner date had the salmon in lemon caper sauce and I had the kirba and beef kabob. The entrees were so flavorful and we didn't have room for dessert. The service was great and we were seated promptly around 6pm with no reservation. I would definitely go back here any day.North of Market Street
Go on weeknights, there's no crowd
A bit too pricey
Aya's isn't really near anything, and if you're used to heading out in Center City you would likely never think of heading out to Arch St. this far West of Broad. Even from the outside it's inconspicuous, with very little frontage, and looking a little more like a coffee shop than a restaurant.
Once you're inside though the place is more expansive than it looks. They really kill it on the service end too, with super attentive and friendly servers and a pretty quick kitchen. They pretty much draw the line at refilling your wine (if you brought your own of course.)
I would definitely say this is a date place, although some of the entrée options are a bit steep. Dig deeper; there's plenty of value to be had on the menu, and it's all pretty good.
The best deal in the house is the $25 dinner special, including a soup or salad, entrée and desert. You can also substitute as the entrée whatever is the special of the evening. I'd definitely recommend the grilled salmon, which was just firm enough to stay together in flakes but soft enough to separate with a fork. You should be safe with anything on the menu though, so indulge.
As a sidenote, they definitely use a bit of oil and butter so ask them to go a little light for the sauteed vegetables.