Safe. Best tacos I have ever had. Salsa plate was great. The guac was extremely delicious.A really great option for Mexican! We came by for happy hour and the staff was so nice plus very accommodating to our dog, bringing water and treats. We sat in the covered awning area and were warm throughout. We did happy hour and the margaritas were delicious, the nachos were tasty and the empanadas were crispy. I want to return for brunch soon!This place is a rip-off, plain and simple. We ordered margaritas, that should have been called fruit punch (0.0 ABV). The food felt like amuse bouche. Tiny portions (octopus tostada, tuna ceviche) for the price. With Dos Segundos down the street being both affordable and delicious, Anejo's pricing doesn't make sense. I looked up their other locations, and they seem to be a NY establishment. This is Philly, the rents are not as high as Tribeca, bring your prices down. Not going back.This spot is great if you're looking for a COVID safe space!!! Followed all CDC guidelines with heaters outside to make sure everyone is comfortable. Amazing food and drinks and even better customer service (shout-out Justin). Overall 10/10 experience and will definitely be coming back.Food is really good. Margs are amazing. The outside tables seem to be spaced out for COVID. Service was great. The GM Tony was super nice. Def will be coming back.I'm always looking for Mexican Cuisine. Anejo was very modern and the service was awesome. Theo was very attentive and the Margaritas were the best. Definitely will be returning for the Brunch. Bottomless Margaritas!!!Came here with a group of six. They were friendly. We waited a long time for food and then were told they were out of ordered items after half of the table was served. The manager came by with tequila shots to "apologize," but half of the table doesn't drink alcohol. They also offered comped desserts, but we ended up waiting (no lie) another 30 minutes for the desserts to come out with no communication from our server. 
The food was ok, but there's definitely better Mexican inspired food in philly at the same price point with better service. All-in-all, we were there for 3 hours, due to the very slow 
Communicating with tables when there are issues is so important! This staff avoided our table while we waited far too long for desserts. I can understand a difficult day at work in the restaurant industry (I'm a veteran of the industry myself), but this was far beyond.I recently went here for my friends birthday dinner. I had no clue about this place. They recently started seating inside due to covid 19 restrictions.
At first we had seats outside which wasn't bad due to the heat lamps they have. But due to birthday girls attire (her heels) I asked if we could be seated inside. After about 15 mins our host notified us a table was available. 
Our servers Justin and Junior did a great job assisting us through finding drinks and plates that suited us best. And hospitality was A1 made my friends birthday a night to remember. The manager Tikka even had got us a round of shots.
The food was great even better then they had look. My favorite had to be the pork belly tostadas it was cooked perfectly. Shout out to the kitchen who assisted with this restaurant deserving 5 stars. And tuna ceviche had a surprisingly spicy kick to it, that I loved. I had ordered the duck enchilada which was filling and light at the same time. A great choice for a fat boy trying his best to slim down. Didn't feel like I went over board even after digging into all of my friends dishes lol. We all enjoyed each other's plates so it's safe to say everything was great.
All in all Añejo started the new year 2021 off perfectly and has won favorite restaurant in my book in Philadelphia. I look forward to returning and supporting great business like this. Thanks to all the staff there.Our server Kevin took great care of us!  He was super personable, fun and made the best recommendations with his own fun little twist and that made that night all the more enjoyable! The food and drinks were spectacular! Everything was perfect! Once again we cannot thank our server Kevin enough for making our night so special and beyond memorable! We will be back!I want to start off this review by saying that the food here was really good! I would totally order out from this location, but my overall experience is why I am giving it 3 stars. 
To continue with the food, we got a variation of tacos (chicken, lamb, pork, short rib) - all of them were delicious. Creatively paired with unique toppings, all of the meat was seasoned well, and truly was some of the better tacos in the city. They were hard to hold though - they stuck to their serving tray, so a little messy, but the flavors were all there! We also tried the street corn, which was phenomenal. I love when it is served off the cob! 
For dessert we tried the churros - they came with 3 dipping sauces (caramel, chocolate, and berry). This was so good! Great way to end dinner - I don't know if I would ever be able to order from here, and no include them.
They have a large bar and drink menu - obviously worth trying one of the margaritas. 
The service was helpful too - great with suggestions, prompt with service, etc.
The atmosphere is what really dropped my rating. It was really loud with music, and the guests inside were loud as well. Not a formal place to go out & eat (tried with my parents.) It was also poorly light inside - already dark when we walked in, and then they even turned down the lights more while we were eating. 
So if you are looking to go out, drink, and have some finger food - this is a good spot. If you wanted to sit down and eat and enjoy company - not the best, but like I said - the food is definitely worth trying, so maybe consider takeout.Updated review since coming this summer- I came during happy hour and was very impressed with the difference between visits! You can't beat the happy hours deals. The chips are amazing and home made, plus the four salsas are all great. We got some tacos, the empanadas, and the yuca fries. All were amazing and the plating was beautiful! The regular menu is priced a bit higher but can be worth it for the quality. They have cute outdoor tents to eat in during covid and service was much better this time around.Food was ok. The best part was the guacamole and my husband loved his classic margarita. We shared 3 types of tacos. It was fine but not as good as the guacamole. And the prices are NYC prices. I lived in NYC for 3 years. But now I live in philly. I doubt we will be back. There are many other Mexican places with as good or better tacos.The food and drinks are great, but RACHEL made it amazing. If I were you I would request her as a server when you come. 12/10 experience overall (because of Rachel).This place is great! Atmosphere is chill and cool but the staff is also really friendly. They know what they're doing and what they're talking about, and you can tell making the customers happy is their main priority. Food is pretty good, some mexican classics and some twists, and for their prices it's 100% worth it.Stopped by here out of curiosity- sorry to say, I'm not feelin' it. The prices (especially for the margaritas) are too steep. I saw a response to someone else's similar review claiming the high-quality ingredients, etc. -- but still. Way too high for margs that tasted the same as anywhere else (in fact, I like the ones at Dos Segundos better). My husband and I each got one and it was also noticeable that the alcohol levels were very different. 
Service was good, things were clean. Chips and salsa were fine. But I will not be returning.*chefs kiss* to the pork belly tostada i have wet dreams about. But seriously guys it's a melt in your mouth cronch all in one bite. Anejo is definitely on the pricier side but for good reason. It's authenticity can't be beat especially surrounded by tex mex (no offense to them). A must try, especially for happy hour!And just like that -- I have a new favorite brunch spot!
Añejo is very much my vibe. They played decent music while dining, loved the black & gold decor with chandeliers, but still has a casual or a bit dressy atmosphere.
On a beautiful Sunday afternoon (reservation was made prior to), we opted to dine in and chose the BOTTOMLESS DRINKS option (90 minute premium brunch)! This entailed $47 per guest: first was shared tasty French toast, chips w/ some good guacamole dip (and salsa, but it was a little too spicy for my liking) for the table. Also, with an entree -- I had the huevos rancheros (with my eggs scrambled) and this was flavorful!!! Mmm, mmm, mmm! And, of course, the UNLIMITED BRUNCH COCKTAILS! I tried them ALL except Bloody Mary. I had the sangria, mimosa, and blanco margarita. I left the restaurant super happy, fulfilled, and buzzed lol! Yup! Happy, happy, joy, joy!
The customer service was impeccable! The server and other employees wore mask, kept bringing our unlimited drinks, refilling water, cleaning off the table right away, by request -- replenished our French Toast and chips, and were overall nice! Enjoyed everything!Honestly... this is just a complete waste. Drinks are gross, and the food!? Nothing special. This place is overly priced for absolutely no reason. The restaurant itself isn't even nice to begin with. I ordered a passion fruit margarita, and my friends ordered a mango one LOL it's tasted like watered down tequila with god knows what flavor cause they all tasted the same. I asked for the tacos, and before I ordered I asked if they were mini or regular. Server said they were regular size... they were mini tacos!! Not filling at all! All my friends ordered the carne asada plates and it was maybe a two inch steak already cut up with a side of 4 tater tots lol the bill came out to $220 for all this.. OH and let's not forget that they include the 18% gratuity on the bill already even if your service was complete TRASH!  Do yourself a favor and just don't even bother.Amazing spot! The bottomless brunch is such a great experience. All of the included drinks are SO good and the food is delish. Rachel was our server and she was AWESOME! So attentive, kept the drinks flowing, had great recommendations and made the experience even that much better. Will definitely recommend and will be back.Ordered take out. A Steak Quesadilla which when I got home had NO STEAK. Well, that's a pretty big error. My son's food was fine so I avoid putting the rating down as a 1. $16.00 for a plain cheese quesadilla is an awful value. For a Steak quesadilla it was pretty expensive to begin with but without the steak?????I found Anejo by accident and boy am I happy I did. 
Of course, only outdoor dining is allowed but they had large heaters, so we were comfortable. 
Let's start by saying yes, they offer BOTTOMLESS MARGARITAS!!!!
Brunch is $47 per person if you want to bottomless option and it's totally worth it. They had house made chips and a variety of salsa/creama dips (white dip out of this world). Next, we had this coconut French toast that was absolutely phenomenal.
I ordered the huevos rancheros and to be honest, I was already full by the time I came out. 
My waiter Justin did NOT skimp on our refills and keep my margaritas topped off. He was funny, attentive and kind, more places need staff like him. 
I can't wait to go back, the food is awesome here. 
The only downside is not being able to find parking... ParkWhiz won't help here.Had an INCREDIBLE dinner at Añejo last Sunday with my best friend who was visiting from out of town. We each had two spicy margaritas but could have downed a third because they were so good. All of the food was incredible especially the habanero salsa which I stopped myself from pouring into my purse for later, please sell me a jar?? This place is taco heaven. The Octopus tostadas were literally the best bite sized things I've eaten all year. 10/10 on the staple sides: Blistered peppers, Guac and Esquites. Staff was on point (thanks y'all). Sexy restaurant vibe, good for that lucky 3rd date. Definitely will be back for the brunch. 100% Worth the hike to fishtown.If your a brunch person this is your spot. They offer a brunch deal for $47 a person for a shared table French toast with salsa and chips then each person gets to pick a entree. It comes with unlimited mimosas, sangria, Bloody Mary or margaritas!The service was EXTREMELY slow! Waitress wasn't friendly or attentive. We waited for 30 minutes to get the check and all the food came out cold! Our server was the only person working and not one other staff member helped her out until the very end when the bar tender stepped in. The food is really over priced and the flavor is ok. Portions are tiny. Wouldn't go back again.Justin and heather provided the absolute best service to our group of 10. We did the bottomless brunch and will definitely be back again. We had the best time. Drinks were strong and food was so delicious. Highly recommendWe had a great brunch experience here .  We opted for the 47.00 pp brunch.  The one drawback is that all of your party have to opt to do the bottomless brunch or no one can.   We started out with bottomless margaritas , but you have the choice to have mimosa , bloody Maria, or sangria.  The margaritas were very good boozy and made with milagro tequila.   The table receives 4 salsa dips and warm chips.   You also get all the guacamole you want.   The table shared French toast which was very good had a slight coconut flavor but was very good came to the table served with fresh berries.   Each person can also order a Mexican entree .   2 of us opted for the chilaquiles and two opted for the breakfast tacos.   Both entrees were well seasoned and super flavorful.  The presentation was great .   The one drawback was the entrees did not arrive together which did not affect the review since the food and drinks were good.  We definitely would go back.   The vibe is good, music plays loud so sometimes hard to hear but paired with bottomless drinks that is expected.  Great brunch spot if your looking for non traditional Mexican fare brunch .   They have other menu options to choose from however we stuck to the standard menus.    Parking was the biggest struggle here.   Uber if you have the chance... you have 90 minutes to eat and drink!   Based on the drinks we had it was
Plenty of time....They removed my previous post because they didn't like it so beware!
Got two drinks for take out. ONLY two drinks yes they were doubles but we were charged $59 ... for TWO drinks no food. I thought this was a mistake and asked them to clarify that this was wasn't a mistake. It wasn't. Maybe would of been ok if this was center City or New York but this is no where even close to That caliber.I'm just going to cut straight to the chase, this place is a 10/10, ABSOLUTELY recommend! 
Decor/Ambiance- the outside does the inside absolutely NO justice. Beautiful Spanish ArtDeco vibes 
Service- Huge thank you to our server Amanda who was thee best. Super friendly, personable, and attentive 
Food- AMAZING! We had ALOT. The standout dishes were the lamb tacos and the Spanish rock octopus but the tuna ceviche, Brussels, esquites, and churros did not in any way fall short. 
Drinks- Carefully handcrafted cocktails that taste and look delicious. Recommending the jalapeño margaritas or red sangriaI am literally DISGUSTED after visiting Añejo this past Saturday night. I took home my steak quesadilla leftovers and was eating them at home and found a huge FINGERNAIL in my quesadilla. I vomited at the sight of it. Truly the most disgusting thing i've ever experienced. I will never be going back here again, only to get all of my money because I will not be paying for disgusting and unsanitary food. I've never been more disappointed in my life, truly terribleThis place is AMAZING. Perfect place to grab drinks and dinner on a weekend or after work in nolibs. Justin was our waiter both times my friends and i went and he was so great! Management came over to make sure our dinner and drinks were good too. A little pricy but it's nolibs can't expect anything else.I was pleasantly surprised by this place! I hadn't heard much about it when we went back in October. We started out with some chips and salsa. Then I got the shrimp tacos (2/$16) and yucca fries. The yucca fries were my favorite! I would eat here again but maybe for a more special occasion because it was a little pricier.Three of us tried to get a table without reservations last night at 5pm. There were 8 open tables outside and some inside too. All three 20-something girls standing behind the podium seemed quite eager to let us know that without a reservation we could not sit because they are fully booked. Then one of them corrected the other with a snotty comment, "actually, we're overbooked". We asked if all these open tables have 5pm reservations because they didn't look booked from where I was standing. And yes, I will question the "authority" of a 22 year old who doesn't understand that she's in the service industry just a month after the industry has finally opened back up from a pandemic and already refusing business for the owners. 
We ate at El Camino Real, which was easy and affordable with margaritas that rival. 
After dinner we walked by Anejo at 6:15pm on the way to North Bowl and there were 6 empty tables outside. (I counted)
Then we walked by again to go home after North Bowl and, you guessed it, 10 empty table at 9:15pm. 
Anejo, manage the people that are "managing", or should I say, rejecting, your revenues. 
I don't blame the restaurant, I blame the help. Put them in their place, don't let them run the show. 
Your NYC location would never do that.The food here is fantastic! The drinks are just as good. The historic space is hip and open. Unfortunately the entire experience is marred by the poor service. I mean, I understand and even appreciate hipster aloofness to a certain degree, but this is your job! Please care.I was excited to come here after having 10/10 food in NYC. The food here is awful and the menu is not the same. The location is nice and the service is good but the most important part (THE FOOD) sucks. Please make the menu the same for all Anejo's I was extremely disappointed that I could not get the Lamb Barbacoa. The Tres Leche & Churros were ok.This place was exactly what we wanted for our low key New Years! They had a semi-indoor tented situation which was well heated with heat lamps. The food was INCREDIBLE and the service was even better. The tacos are insane! So impressed with this place. Our server was great, unfortunately I forget his name- thanks so much for making it such a pleasurable experience! :)All I can say is JASON C. to the rescue... he made our dining experience phenomenal. We are brunchers and we will definitely come back. And Jason we'll be following you to NYC!Stopped by on a Saturday night. The place was very busy and lively. We tried cocktails and apps only.
So, the cocktails were $12-$16 each and were very unique. We tried jalepeno margarita, Mezcal margarita, old fashioned and a spicy cocktails (picture attached). All cocktails were delicious. Perfect amount of alcohol and very flavorful. We ordered chicken empanadas and octopus toastas. Empanadas were ok but octopus was delicious. They do have $4 habernaro salsa with chips was good. 
Overall our experience was good. Service was phenomenal.  They do have a happy hours. Will definitely try that too.Tacos al fresco in N. Libs section. My lamb tacos were amazing! The meat was tender and seasoned well. Gf enjoyed her shrimp tacos. The mango mezcal margarita was aight but def not worth $17. I'd come back to strictly try more food selections from the menu like the octopus or pork belly tostada. Service was great at first. Then it seemed super slow while we were finishing up our drinks. Our server was ghost and it wasn't busy at the time (about 7:15p on a Wed). I had to go to the hostess to ask for a bag to carry leftovers and the check. I also had to go back to the hostess to cash out. 
FYI (not r/t rating): Street parking available and comes down to the luck of the draw as far as getting a close spot to Añejo or having to walk a few city clocks. PPA is def out patrolling the vicinity & ready to issue tickets.Love love love this restaurant! I've been here for brunch twice so far (will be going again in a week or so) and it is so worth it! When they say brunch is bottomless they really mean it. I always get their margaritas which are fantastic and strong and my glass is never empty. Someone is always around to fill it up! The waitresses and waiters here are very attentive and nice. The best part of brunch is the French toast hands down which is also bottomless. This is a great date spot or brunch with the girls spot. I will come here every chance I get .My boyfriend and I went here yesterday-arrived about 8:24, we ordered appetizers within 10 mins so approximately 8:35. A whole hour went by and we still hasn't received those appetizers. It wasn't until we inquired about our food that we were told there only two chefs in the kitchen. If we would've known that BEFORE ordering I'm sure we would've just had the drinks at the bar and sought out another place for food. Since our appetizers were delayed we decided to order our entree as well as things were moving so slow....SOOOO SLOW. About 10:15 our entrees came out: I had the rice and beans with 2 shrimp taco and my boyfriend had the lamb tacos with Brussel sprouts. My rice was undercooked very hard but the flavor of the dish was good. The tortillas for both of our tacos were mushy. I wish they offered the hard shell. They did give us a card to come back "free margarita with entree " they also comped our tacos so what was good. Our bartender service was amazing which is why I gave it 3 stars and not 1Justin Nelson absolutely went above and beyond. The experience was perfect beginning to end.Honestly, this was very underwhelming and simply poor service. The issues started from the moment I walked in. I had made reservations for two for outdoor seating to comply with covid precautions, and told they had no more tables outside. Okay, we sat inside where it was hot (we were sweating the whole time) and crowded. But, my main issue is with server Sarah O, who did not greet us until 20 mins of us sitting at our table, and did not bring us our drinks and apps for another 20 mins after that. while waiting for our drinks, she did not check on us or take our food order meaning we didn't even place our food order until 7:40 when we got there at 7. The tacos took 30 mins to arrive, during which she did not check in on us but I saw her look over at our table and then run to the POS which makes me think she did not send our order to the kitchen. The tacos were good I will give it that. But I will never return nor recommend this establishment.Best Mexican food in northern libs. Good salsa/ apps, fire tacos (fish/ carnitas unreal) and quality margs. Strong outdoor vibes and waiter Kevin was the man.. great service and tequila shots on the house. Def coming back soon.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia because the ambiance is good, the food is great, and the service is incredible. I would end up writing a novel if I got into all the details of my experience, but I will recommend a few items: 
- The Anejo Margarita: my partner got this and it's become his new standard for margaritas. He's constantly disappointed by the ones we get elsewhere.  
- The Esquites: I think corn is pretty "meh," but I'll be ordering these every time I go to Anejo from now on. I don't know if it was the seasoning or how they paired with the tacos, but these made for a great side dish. 
- The Fish Tacos: not much to say except these were perfectly executed. 
- The Lamb Barbacoa: lamb isn't usually my jam, but these were so flavorful. 
- The Tequila Flan: I find that alcohol cooks off of most things, but you could taste it in the caramel and the cotija cheese was a great bit of salt that balanced out the richness/sweetness of the flan.
The only thing to be aware of is happy hour/restaurant week/brunch. This is pretty much an "all restaurants" thing, but if you go during these times, DON'T expect to be waited on hand-and-foot; they're slammed and you should have more patience considering how you're getting a discount.I went with a party of 9 for the bottomless brunch deal. We had a small wait, thought not too much of it because it was a busy Saturday. however, the manager/owner (i apologize I don't know which one he was) said "that's not good enough" and made it his job to make sure we had an amazing time. The amount of thoughtfulness and accommodation we were giving was absolutely incredible. The food was wonderful as well! 10/10 time!!Amazing bottomless brunch!! Waiters are great about filling your glasses quickly given the time limit. You can get your moneys worth in drinks  alone! And you can switch up your drink at any point. They even served us an additional drink after giving us the check. We didn't know until we got there that the French toast and guacamole and chips was bottomless as well, definitely an added surprise!! Great place to go with a group of friends for a boozy brunch.The food is not worth the price. Short rib tacos were dry. The tortilla chips for the guacamole were stale and way too thick. Drinks were good.After an initial mix up with our reservation, we almost walked away...I couldn't be happier that we didn't!! We had an amazing experience filled with delicious food, ridiculous tequila, and the best company. Benny, Junior, and Amanda made the night so great and I cannot wait to go back!We have been anticipating the opening of Anejo since we moved to the Piazza. The chips are amazing and definitely homemade, but I will say the guacamole is not worth $13 and the salsa are not worth $5 each compared to other Mexican restaurants on the street. Their margs are quite expensive at $15-17. They need to justify its high prices compared to other Mexican restaurant on same street /area and Philly with top notch drinks and food, which it doesn't have yet unfortunately. They can't get away with charging Center City prices sadlyMy experience here tonight was absolutely AMAZING!! 
The food was so delicious, our server Justin was awesome , and the surrounding staff was great as well ! 
I highly recommend all the food that you will see below! Including: the Brussel sprouts, pork belly, chips and guacamole .. make sure you get ALL THE SAUCES! The corn , fries, everything was sooo good! 
My peers said the drinks were excellent! I had a sangria, and Hot Tot-- both were great !! 
My experience tonight was awesome! Highly recommend, and ask for Justin , he'll make your experience even more worth it with his hospitality, attentiveness, and menu knowledge and accuracy!I don't even know where to begin. From our fantastic service to the incredible food, our experience at Anejo was out of this world. We got the carne asada, drunken lamb barbacoa tacos, a side of esquites and the Tres Leches. This was the best food we've had in a while. We didn't have to wait long for our food to come to us. And Rachel our waitress is AMAZING!!! 10/10 would recommend to anyone. I want to come back tomorrow for seconds LOLRachel from Anejo is our queen. Best waitress we have had in awhile. rachel was so kind and attentive and we genuinely loved our experience here.Went here for dinner last night and had a great time! Food/drinks were awesome and service was even better. Thank you Kevin for taking such good care of us, we will definitely be back!Anejo has a great vibe. Great music and a young hip feel. It was a busy night when we arrived a s heard good things from friends. The wait staff was super friendly and helpful. They knew it was busy and continue to check in and apologize appropriately. They get 3 stars b/c the food was just meh. The tacos were ok, not a ton of flavor. You definitely need the salsa. I did enjoy the guacamole trio! In particular the habanero. I had the octopus tostado and it was good. You needed all the sauce. The char was just right. Then the churros were a little underdone. More doughy than i prefer. I went home and put them in the air fryer and just right. But everyone's food was just ok. The bartender gave us a free drink because they knew it was so backed up. The drinks were yummy tho, they have mezcal so always a win in my book. But in the end, I would not return again.Our party started with margaritas and the Salsa of 4 with Guacamole. The orange salsa was probably the most spicy but mixed with the white cooled it down a bit. The margaritas aren't packed with all the sugar that most flavored margaritas are! Also had the 2 Short Rib Tacos: tomatillo pico de Gallo, Chipotle crema, cotija cheese, cilantro and the Shrimp Tacos with Crispy gulf shrimp, guacamole, pico de gallo, chipotle crema, cotija cheese The tacos were packed and left you feeling fully satisfied! Service was also very attentive.Last night, my girlfriend and I had dinner here, for the first time. Started off with some guacamole and tortilla chips, which was better than I've had in a long time. We had the shrimp and the short rib tacos and the Esquites. That corn may have been the best corn dish I have ever had. The tacos were equally amazing.
Our waiter, Junior, was professional, and friendly. He was also very helpful when asked about food recommendations.
The bar manager, Amanda was amazing with her knowledge of tequila/drinks and what we would like and she absolutely nailed it.
I highly recommend trying out Añejo for the food, drinks, atmosphere and awesome staff. I'll be back again very soon for sure!Philly needed a place like anejo!!! Bottomless brunch AND the food is good. Me and my friends had the best time. The outdoor seating is phenomenal the heaters keep the whole place warm and don't even get me started on our server Sarah. She was so nice she kept our drinks and our bellies full. I was already gonna come back cause the food was phenomenal but I'll become a regular because Sarah was the best server ever. Love her. 10/10I had such a fantastic brunch experience here. If you're curious about bottomless brunch, do it! It's such a good deal (salsa, guacamole, French toast, entree, drinks) for $47 it's amazing! Rachel is an amazing server, was so attentive and friendly, couldn't have asked for a better server!!
A great deal in Philly !!Claudia was an absolute delight with our table. We came for bottomless brunch and it was fabulous. The drinks are on point, the food delicious, and the server was so nice and hospital. We will definitely be back,This place was pretty good. My main issue was the seating situation - we reserved a table indoors but it was PACKED. We were very close to the next table and there was a half barrier thing dividing us, but it didn't feel super safe. The chipotle pineapple guacamole was great, would definitely get it again. The empanadas and cauliflower tacos were both delicious. The duck enchiladas were a little underwhelming though. This place is a little pricey for what it is, but I'd probably go again because the food was good overall! The atmosphere is nice too, and they have some outdoor seating options available for better weather.We had a really good service and our server Claudia went out of her way to make our site we get a great experienceThe ambiance is everything! The food was great, and the drinks were even better. But the service was what truly made my visit. My server Kevin went above and beyond to make sure my first time visiting Añejo was memorable. And because of that I will be a life long customer as long as I am in Philly.Great bartenders they make mean cocktails! As far as the place goes, it lacked the appropriate vibe as the place feels like you are in a dungeon its not cozy like Dos Segundos. The food is actually pretty good but its priceyMy boyfriend and I went here for brunch to celebrate our anniversary.
I heard about this place through social media and knew I had to have this! I was counting down the days until I can get here!
We got seated instantly inside. My only issue is that the tables seemed VERY close for a pandemic. I mean it could've been the 6 feet mark but there was only a divider between the table. I had nothing between me and the girl next to me. That would probably be my only complaint (and not even a complaint).
We got started with the chips, guacamole, and salsa. The guac was SO fresh and delicious! The chips were warm and crispy and we instantly dove into this! 
Our waitress was very nice and attentive. She told us that our french toast was coming out, but it never did! When she came back (after we got our entrees) she apologized and told us it would be out in a few minutes. It honestly worked out because it was like a "dessert" after the meal.
My boyfriend got the morning tacos and I got the heuvos rancheros. Both were super delicious meals! 
We started with mimosas then had the blood maria followed by the margarita and ending with a sangria. We honestly planned to drink more but the 90 minutes absolutely flies by! And the drinks were very strong so we did not leave sober!
The mimosa was a good classic mimosa. The bloody maria was NOT my vibe. I expected a bloody mary but it had some red chili flakes and overall the spice was too much for me. The blanco margarita was a classic and strong! The sangria was probably my favorite drink. Look at that color!! 
The french toast was so good we actually ordered another! The best part about this "bottomless" brunch is that the chips/guac/salsa and the french toast are included in that! 
This place is super cute and has great vibes! Food and drinks are fantastic and you cant beat this price! I cannot wait to go back!! 
($47 per person! Everyone must participate! Great experience)My wife and my experience here has been nothing short of amazing! Chips and guac to start is a must. I had the pork belly tostada which was one of the best pork belly dishes I've had and for clarity I myself am a BBQ chef. Amanda who is the beverage director came outside to talk to us along with the owner of the restaurant and comped us drinks which were also not only super authentic but for sure gives you the bang for your buck that you are looking for. Fish tacos were crisp and fresh and the service was excellent from start to finish. How anyone could rate this place under 5 starts is confusing to us! Do yourself a favor and check it out ASAP!!THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.
I made a reservation here yesterday evening the May 18th for my boyfriends birthday. We were promptly sat outside by the hostess, which was great because the weather was perfect. We put in drinks and an appetizer immediately. They came out, delicious, then ordered our entrees (cauliflower tacos & chicken tacos) - very very good. 
25 minutes into our meal, after  taking my first bite into my tacos, we see the manager (tall blonde male), the hostess & our waitress talking and looking over at us. The waitress comes over, and tells us that the she needs to move us to another table. She explains that the hostess made a mistake and that "one of the other managers reserved that table specifically". There was an empty table right next to us. I questioned the waitress and explained that I would not be moving tables mid meal. It was truly disrespectful to ask a couple to GET UP in the middle of their meal and move. She said "I will help you move your food" ... absolutely not. I refused to get up. There was nothing special about the table we were at, I don't understand why they couldn't seat the other manager and their guests at another table. 
We continued eating, another waiter/busser tried to clear our FULL plates TWICE. We were being rushed out. When we left, I told the waitress we would not be returning to the restaurant due to the treatment we got. I don't know what kind of restaurant asks their guests to MOVE TABLES during their meal. Disgraceful, awful and a horrible representation of Anejo. Good luck getting customers to return with staff life that!Brunch here is wonderful! Endless drinks that were made much better by our server Justin. He made the entire experience. Highly recommendSo this is a "TikTok made me do it" type of review. I just had to try their brunch after my daughter sent me the tiktok review of the place. Philly does not have a large number of bottomless brunch spot like other major cities. This is a huge differentiator for Anejo in my opinion. The food was great!  They give you bottomless: chips, guac salsas, French toast(as the final course); a choice of mimosas,Bloody Mary's, margaritas or sangria!!!! You get to select one of their pre-set brunch entrees. We had the huevos rancheros and the omelette. In addition, we tried the shrimp tacos and fish tacos.  Every thing was tasty, fresh and well prepared. I will say that the fish was a tad more oily than I care for, but overall it had a good taste. 
The team working there is the best! From the manger to our waitress, Rachel, and everyone who supported our table. We met Justin who was a stand out in other reviews. Rachel was fabulous as well. 
Overall Anejo is a wonderful brunch spot.... 9.8 out of 10!Brunch Done Right! My friend and I had the most pleasant experience at Anejo this Saturday. We thoroughly enjoyed their Bottomless Brunch (When they say bottomless, they mean it! No skimping around here!). For Starters, we had the Chips and Salsa Quatro...I had the ever so delicious Chicken Chilaquiles as an entree, and we finished off with some Toasted Coconut French Toast...OMG...For my Bottomless drink, I opted for the Margarita (You can change your drink at any time), they were on point, and never weak! The service was PHENOMENAL! Benny, the GM came to my rescue after I clumsily spilled salsa on my pants. The entire visit, he could be seen assisting staff and assuring that guests were enjoying themselves. Our waiter Justin was very attentive, knowledgeable, and oh so welcoming! We will be returning soon and spreading the good word of this marvelous place!Lovely place with excellent fare and great service-a diamond addition to Philly cuisine. Best. Tony FigliolaSunday Brunch was absolutely amazing! It felt like a party. Our server, Justin, was honestly one of the best servers we've ever had. He was attentive, super funny and entertaining. The music was great and the food was perfect.Pleasantly surprised by this place! I like how the outdoor dining is covered but not completely enclosed, and has heat lamps. Waitress was friendly. I could skip the nachos but really enjoyed the chicken tacos, empanada, and shishito fundido off the happy hour menu!Awesome drinks and awesome meal . I would go back just for the chicken empanadas which were super light and packed with flavor. I could order a hundred of these. Also don't sleep on the cauliflower tacos A-mazing. Drink menu was great , lots of variety.The most COVID-friendly restaurant experience yet (and the best food). All silverware and plates wrapped up, temperature taken when you walk in, hand sanitizer with the check just to name a few. Our time at Anejo was one to remember. Not only was the food exquisite and reasonably priced but worthy of a trip back, more like many trips. The staff is cool and friendly and adds to the enjoyment of your time at the restaurant. Manager Tika was as kind a person as you can meet and is doing everything right, same with our waiter Justin. Get the carne asada, yuca fries, and Brussel sprouts! Will be returning very shortly.Bottomless brunch was a great time! Good music, friendly staff, amazing food and drink! Our waitress Claudia was the best. Will be coming back to try more of the menu, food was delicious.The service was confusing and food was just not worth the price. Also, parking is a pain. Would not go back. 
Service:
We got seated around 10 pm on the far side of the outdoor dining area. For at least 15-20 mins, we did not see our waiter. There's a big group of party next to us and their waiter seemed overwhelmed. We stopped him to put our order in before the kitchen closes. He was nice enough to get our order even though he's not responsible for our table (he ended up serving us that night, so I still don't know who our waiter is?) meanwhile the 2 hosts who seated us were just chatting the whole time. I'm not sure how busy the indoor dining scene was but I would not recommend going during busy hours form the service we got at almost closing time. 
Food:
Here's what we ordered: 
- Passionfruit Margarita 
- Passionfruit Mojito (virgin)
- Mango Guac and chips 
- Pork Belly Tostadas
- Al pastor Tacos 
- Lamb Barbacoa Tacos
Total was around $110
 The only dishes I'd pay again for is Pork Belly Tostadas and Al pastor Tacos. Tostadas were really flavorful and rich in texture. Al Pastor is juicy. 
Drinks tasted like syrup. Guac and chips were too savory, could use a bit more like or acidity. Lam Barbacoa was dried and too savory- could use some more sauce. Also, the serving is small.Amazing experience. Great drinks (anejo margarita and the charro old fashioned), small plates (pork belly tostadas, shishito peppers, tuna ceviche, pineapple chipotle guacamole) and the duck enchiladas were nice too. Everything was very flavorful. 
Our favorites were the tostadas, ceviche, and the peppers. We sat outside in a booth that had protection from the street with hard plastic sheeting and neighboring booths by curtains.  We had a space heater, but it wasn't that cold outside. The place had a food vibe to it and seemed to get busy as the night went on. Finally, we had the churros and tres leches which were tasty but not over the top.We all were so excited for this brunch. We had seen anejo trying to open for over a year now and we're all anxiously awaiting our first time. We also saw all of these tik toks on how fun and wonderful it looked! Boy we're we all so disappointed. 
I am going to start with the positives. For $67 it is 4 dips, guac, unlimited chips, coconut French toast to share, bottomless of choices of sangria, margarita, mimosas, & bloody Maria that you can interchange & one entree. I loved the idea of it almost being 3 courses, and to be able to switch up your drink. There is 90 minutes for you to have to leave your table. They do wrap their plates & silverware which is awesome. However, they do have a thermometer but none of us were tested so not sure if that's just there for show. 
Multiple of us work in this industry and we always like to give the benefit of the doubt, but we all just left disappointed. It started by having a reservation and not being seated for 15 minutes after, however, according to our waiter our bottomless started at the start of our original reservation. Did we want to sit outside? Yes. Was it cold and we're we prepare? Yes. However, the minor heaters they have to help that are underwhelming. It was also sad to watch the table behind us who weren't abiding by rules of 4 people per table get put into the heated tents in the back because of breaking of the rules. 
It started with getting dirty glasses, we kindly got them cleaned and again that happens. But then to have to ask THREE different people and times for more chips it just continued to disappoint. As you can see in the picture, there's not a lot or chips for a lot of dip. Our food was all "ehh..." the brunch menu only has a few things. There are multiple servers, but we were forgotten about many many times. We kept having to go find someone to get refills, on anything. 
We all left hungry, sober, & cold. There are a lot of better restaurants with better food, atmosphere, & service around the city. Don't fall into the TikTok trap and influencers who are paid to write good reviews like we did.Walked by this gem so many times without thinking twice about making dinner reservations here. While Anejo is known for its weekend brunch, I would highly recommend it for dinner! From the delicious drinks (check out the seasonal menu) to the guac trio (OMG) this place delivers. It is served small plate style so it makes it fun to try lots of different items on the menu. The mushroom fundido was a favorite along w the fish tacos. Thanks for an awesome experience and delicious meal! Next step, brunch!kevin is the absolute best server ever. Make sure you ask for him! Come hungry and come thirsty. This place won't let you down. Hands down best tacos and margs in the area. Not one bad thing to say! totally trying their bottomless brunch next. Thanks Kevin!