WORST. PLACE. EVER. Minimum $300 tab for a party over 6 people, which wasn't really an issue, BUT it's based on table size, not actual size of party itself AND there's a cover that doesn't go towards that minimum. The music is so loud, it's hard to hear the person sitting next to you and it's all about bitches and the n-word. After waiting 30 minutes for two orders of wings, I complained to the manager and the waitress claimed she didn't hear my order, yet 1. She repeated it back to me at time of order 2. She brought the drink I ordered with the food 3. EVERYONE AT MY TABLE HEARD ME ORDER, even over the loud ass music. Oh yeah, there's also a mandatory 20% "service charge" which is their code for tip. If you're thinking of going here, DON'T. I'd give it negative stars if I could.Ummm what happened to this place? When this hookah spot first opened, it was so much fun. There was music going, bar seating and just an overall great atmosphere. Now...there are no bar seats, so if you want to sit down to enjoy your hookah, you have to spend at minimum $100...WHAT. This is a hookah bar in philly....I guess they forget who and where they are. They charge $10 at door and I dont know why because there's NO ONE in there. Let these Yelp reviews be of service to you, change it up because you're loosing me and a bunch of customer. Back to BYBLOS I go.Outrageously expensive for no reason. $20 cover, any drink you get is minimum $10 with a tip INCLUDED. Was was empty all night and hosted mostly unsavoury characters. DJ played some good music, but he was pretty terrible all around. The music would stop randomly or he would play the same song twice within a span of 5 mins. Waste of time and money.Came in for the first and last time on a Wednesday night.  Took my credit card for a tab and charged me 20$ a drink.  5 drinks for 92.77.  I was rudely told by manager that a shot of Baileys was 8.00 apiece and patron was 10.00.  After asking for a shot, they gave me and my wife a double without asking and said they'd take it off bill.  On top of a 14.27 "service charge".  Wtf is that????  Your a damn bar!  The manager was a foreigner who was rude as hell and said too bad, welcome to Philly.  Stay away.  They will rip you off and laugh at you on the way out.  Rember, I paid almost 100.00 for 5 drinks.  And the place sucks anyways. AVOID!!!!!!!!I loved this place!! Nice vibes... seemed like a 30's crowd. The food was just ok and I wish the Dj would play more old skool stuff. I enjoyed myself and I will be back. After 10 you can hookah at  the restaurant next door as well. When I went over there the music was better. I'll sit there the next time.I had to go out to Philly for a work conference and found out about this place on Yelp. Absolutely great staff all around (especially the bartenders) and great quality hookah. If I ever find myself back in Philly, I'll be sure stop by for a round 2. Keep up the great work!Great atmosphere and crowd mix! This is the best hookah spot in the city. They have a large selection of hookah flavors. My fav is the BLUE MIST! You can even mix the flavors here.I love B-side! It's my go to bar in Philadelphia. Diverse crowd. Staff are pleasant. Very attentive. Music is always great on Thurs/Fri/Sat. Drinks are reasonable. Always can find at least one local celeb or a few of the Sixers players (especially after their home games) in Bside. 
The only thing I hate about the place now is that they enforce this you have to buy (at a certain rate) to sit. I understand it's business, but I hate it! I end up spending the rate for the table at the bar anyway which pisses me off even more when I get the tab. Lol Don't let that deter you just be prepared.In regards to hooka bars it's different.  Most hooka places are more relaxed in their setting and furniture.  B-Side looks and feels more nightclub, BUT the dancing and people were simply fantastic.
I had such a good time enjoying the belly dancing and the clientele from that culture, it was quite the experience, looking forward to going back.
Thank you for making feel so welcome.I had visited this place twice before deciding that it would be the spot I would hold my 30th birthday dinner. The two other times I had come here, I liked the atmosphere well enough, (although I am not into hookah) and I enjoyed their pizza. For my birthday, I reserved a table for 10 and was told that there was $200 minimum when I called. Immediately, I was put off by this but decided that 10 people will easily spend $200 so I continued with my reservation. When I arrived, the hostess seemed to have no idea I had even had a reservation. After checking with the manager, I am directed to my table where some of my friends awaited me. Everything was going fine, and my friends all liked their food, as did I. That is, until the manager comes over, asking who made the reservation, and then specifically asking for me by name. She then sits beside me and tells me that we cannot close out the bill because we have not spent the $250 minimum. I hadn't even asked to close out the bill, but apparently a friend of mine had asked for her own individual check prompting this conversation. At that, I was told the minimum was $200 over the phone! So I inform her that I was told $200 and she says that's fine, and continues to look at me as if expecting something else from me. So I ask her "What do you want me to do?" and she says that I have to spend "$200." So I ask her the obvious, "what is the bill up to now?" She then says "that's a good question, I'll check." So she leaves and comes back and informs me that my bill is now at $191 and that I didn't have to worry about spending the additional $9 to make it $200. Gee, thanks! Call me crazy, but it seems to me that she should have checked that before harassing me to spend more money. Not only that, but that they tried to increase the minimum price on the day of is just shady.  So we close out the bill immediately, and we're all sitting there chatting and enjoying our drinks and hookah for the next 30 minutes, when the manager returns to ask us if we're staying or leaving. So to recap, after we just spent nearly $200 in this establishment, they are in a rush to kick us out! Avoid this place at all costs if you are planning to go with a large party. They are clearly shady, and money-hungry at the expense of allowing their customers to have a good time. Sure, the food is decent, and the atmosphere vibrant, but this is a major metropolitan city, and there are plenty of other places to spend your money without being harassed to spend more money and rushed to leave.In town for a wedding, we decided to try out B Side because it was in the neighborhood where we were staying. Since we visit very often, we would have loved for it to become a regular spot for us in Philly.
Sadly, no.
Our group of 4 sat down late, hungry from the early wedding we'd been guests at, and we each ordered cocktails and entrees. The server was nice enough and though it was very crowded, we were served fairly quickly.
The issue came after sitting for a while, enjoying more drinks and hookah...2am rolled around and it was time for the bar to close/service to cease (?) which we were not made aware of or given a heads up on...
We smoke hookah often and usually, servers will make rounds to let guests know to start wrapping up before the bar closes. It's called 'appropriate' or 'considerate' or 'service oriented.' At B Side Hookah, a kid appeared at the door, stomped over to the table and literally grabbed it right out of my hands, saying "We're closed," and slunk off. 
We were so shocked at the behavior, we couldn't believe it. My fiance asked to speak to a manager and our server who said something to the extent of "well, we didn't see it. You should have come to us before." Before what? They made no effort to apologize or compensate us for being treated so harshly after we dropped close to $200 in about an hour at their establishment.
Never again, B Side Hookah...we will do our best to warn all of our Philly friends to go elsewhere.BARRA rebranded their next door lounge area into a hookah bar.  $20 a pop like the rest of the old city hookah places.  quality hookahs that are packed well and friendly service.  they are relatively new, so not always too busy, but i'd definitely recommend it depending on your mood and what crowd you're looking for.  if you're looking for arab music videos, mint tea, and turkish coffee then there's other options down the street.  but if you want to order an alcoholic drink and are looking for more of a younger and loungy vibe then this is your place.NO thanks, went here last Friday evening around 630 to meet with my travel group. It was about 20 of us altogether. While it was nice that we had a separate area, the service was a bit lacking and I was not a fan of the tip already included in my check. While I understand that is typically the norm, I wasn't expecting that since the 2 other individuals on my check did not purchase any food. She literally received $13 to give us 4 drinks and a hookah and still never brought me my water after asking twice. 
There were also no drink specials and the drinks were pricey. I was told from the other individuals in my party that the food was also seriously lacking as well
It's crazy also that the woman's restroom only has two stalls and it was so hot in there. 
I won't be back.I Am PISSED! I AM UPSET & DISAPPOINTED. This has been the worst experience ever! In order to even get in, there was a 20$ sir charge a person to get in the place. I went with my fiance so there goes 40 bucks. I Will never come here again. Afterwards, i wanted to order a drink & the bartenders acted as if i annoyed them because i had questions about the menu. How dare they! isn't that your job? I asked specifically "how big is your quesadilla meal? the bartender replied...4. In my head I'm thinking what in the world is she talking about! she said it so fast and walked away. i guess the meal is split in 4 pieces? The customer service was so poor. There was a guy name mike with red hair. he was Caucasian and rudest of them all. Also after my drink was ordered they took my card and charged it without telling me there was a 25$ limit. meaning i couldn't get MY CARD BACK UNTIL I SPENT 25$. keep in mind i already paid for the wings which was like 11 bucks but they said it didnt count because we paid with cash. (sidenote: 1 burger is 12 bucks) ALSO i wasn't feeling well from all the smoke so i asked for a glass of ice water and the bartender responded with an attitude saying the water was out of order!! i dont even understand that! Also the music was very low, there was no room to move the plave is so small. And to sit down you have to spend a minimum of 110$ to get a table. i will never come here again. never ever. if you're reading this and you are still wondering if you want to give that place a try, this is my answer to you: DON'T DO IT! IMAGIME ME TAPPING YOU THROUGH YOUR SCREEN. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE. YOU WILL REGRET EVERY SECOND AND EVERY DIME YOU'VE WASTED.I tried parking at one of the public meters in front of this establishment only to have the bouncer come out and yell at me that the public street is "reserved" for customers. When I pointed out that it was a public street and that they couldn't just reserve the spots in front without some kind of city permit, he said that he had warned me and that I should take it up with his boss. I called the parking authority, who then told me to call the local police district, who then told me to call 911 and file a police report. I'm not going to bother, but I really did feel threatened. Keep in mind what kind of people these folks are before you give them your money. I also thought it was interesting that he assumed we weren't customers even though we were still in front of the place (could it be because we are white?).Food was great... But got the bill and it had a $15 service charge... Bc it was after 9p n they automatically add gratuity mind you it was only 2 of us... Very displeased after that... N the manager was very rude with his cheap clothes and shoes....Went there on a Friday night. The appearance is OK. The waitress was welcoming and was always there when we needed her. But, the atmosphere is what made it 2 stars. The music is VERY loud and the quality of sound is bad. Hookah was not the worst I've ever had, but too far from being good. Paid cover charge $10 for girls $15 guys (bring cash). There is also a minimum of $50 for 2 people. Drinks were OK. Food was whatever. Will not come back.My friends and I went here last night. The music was great: played all of the top hiphop and rap songs, which is really hard to find in center city bars. Hookah was very strong and was reasonably priced. Lots of people of color which is often hard to find in a center city bar. Wish I would've found this place earlier while in college. Only bad thing was the drink prices but if you come a lil turnt, you're all good.Ok so for looks and atmosphere this place gets 5 stars. Food I can not speak on being did not order any, but drinks OH BOY BE READY. Order 2 Captain & Cokes and the total was $21.50. I'm sorry but for $10.75 these things better be savage-like. Instead you get a semi-talk skinny (probably 8oz-10oz) glass filled to the brim with ice and a dash of Captain with a glass of Coke on ice. I was appalled and literally couldn't believe they at least weren't double-shot strong for that price. Lost me on first touch with that outrageous 2 drink bill. Plenty of cheaper options. But I'll say the left side of the building is awesome and super dim lit with some pretty cool dance lighting and hip-hop / urban beats playing.Finally made it here after an unexpected setback (see my review for Rotten Ralph's). Atmosphere is chill and very hip. Loved the DJ and there was no cover this particular night (this Thursday that just passed). Service was also very great between ordering drinks and the hookah experience. I didn't even have to notify them to change my coals. 
Six drinks (mixed, beer, and soda) plus our peach-banana shisha came to $60 after service charge & taxes ,plus, a couple bucks we decided to throw the waitress anyway ($55-something before the last bit) since I wasn't sure if that was a tip or not; never saw that on a bill before. I wasn't expecting the extra nearly $10 and do understand some people's peeves without advertising it, but, it doesn't change my experience drastically. 
Will return.All I can say is that this place is too much money for nothing. We had to pay a $10-$20 cover charge I forget how much it was  because somebody else paid for me. If they didn't pay I wasn't going to go in. I ordered a tequila sunrise and it was around $10-$12 I forget. luckily I was with some big spenders and the got me a table, a hookah, and a bottle so I didn't have to pay for another drink. However, I did order food and you can't use your card if its under $20 so I had to order two things of wings. I wouldn't mind spending money going out but it was really nothing special about b-side. Its just a hookah lounge if you not at a table smoking hookah, with a bottle, or eating your standing up doing nothing. If your going to spend money then go somewhere where it's worth it.The sauce on the pasta either had too much garlic or had no flavor. The pizza was good as was the service. The short rib ravioli had promise but fell way short of expectations. 
Next time, we will just get drinks and pizza.Horrible service!! Me and my friend went to B Side for the first time on a Saturday night just to smoke hookah. They charged us $10 cover charge at the door, and it's not even a dance club I don't understand what the "cover charge" is for. Okay.  When we proceeded to get a table we were told that there is a table minimum that we have to spend ($50). We decided to leave because we weren't there to eat or drink, just hookah. So we came up to the front to get our refund because we were there literally for 3 minutes. The hostess and all of the security guards gave us a really bad attitude, saying that they don't do refunds. We asked to speak to their manager, but they wouldn't call him over, saying that we should just get a table and spend $50 there. They made us feel like shit trying but to get our money back! We basically paid for standing there for 3 minutes. And at the end they were rude enough to ask us to leave because other people were coming in. What a "great" way to treat customers! Definitely not going back there!I have been to Barra (B side hookah)  a couple times. The first few times I got treated "like a prince". This is a front if you are trying to go here on a random Thursday night... (maybe any night) I tried going here literally 2 hours ago and my friends and i showed our Id's to get in... as we were approaching the bar a bouncer came to us and said there was a cover to get in... He told us we had to go outside... In order to get back in we had to pay a cover.... There are numerous places in the city that offer better hookahs and a better atmosphere... Particularly Byblos on 18th and Samson. The staff at Byblos is much friendlier and willing to cater to your needs... The next time I want a good, quality hookah I will spend the extra money for a cab to travel to center city.Dirty. Bad cover. No place to sit. Bad music. Rude staff. High prices. Very dirty bathroom. Could not wait to get out!!! Dirty!!! Fility!!! Disgusting!!!This place would be so awesome if they took credit cards with chips! Customer service is great! But what credit card doesn't have a chip these days??? Better bring cash! If you do music, drinks and customer service is great!I would give this less than 1 star but unfortunately that's not an option. I went here last night around 11ish, and I get to the door and the woman says the cover is 20. The bouncer who is checking Ids says "no it's 10" but she proceeded to take our 20$. When my friend asked for her change back, the woman acted as if she didn't want to return her money. 
We go inside and the atmosphere looks nice and seems cool. We are met by a waiter and we say we want a table for 3. He proceeds to tell me that there are no more tables and that we can go to the bar. At this point the bar is full as well. 
This place just wants to take your money. Why would you allow people to enter your establishment when you know that there is no room for them to sit and enjoy their hookah? Why would you not give your customers the respect and ability to decide if they want to pay the money to get in? The woman didn't know how much the cover was and there was nowhere to sit. I asked the waiter if we could get our money back since we literally just walked in and he said no. Completely unprofessional. It's ridiculous. He had the nerve to say I was speaking to him in a manner that was not respectful. Which is false. I simply questioned the establishments "rules and regulations". It seemed as if he was offended that I had an issue with how the place was ran.
The one table that was open the woman said that we had to spend a minimum of 500$. I've been to a lot of upscale places and a place like this is not worth spending 500$ which is supposedly their"VIP" section. I will not be going back and I wish other customers luck when trying this place out.This place actually just relocated--it's now at 939 N Delaware Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19123.
I went to a silent party there last night and it was lots of fun. It has a very upscale look, with a large loft-style upstairs area, a dance floor, and multiple bars. And good food!
The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because they employed a trifling, thieving bartender. 
Ali pretended as if she didn't know about the specials the event advertised--$5 mixed drinks and 50 cent wings. When asked, she said she didn't know what drinks were on special and what ones weren't. I ordered one drink and an order of wings...somehow it was all full-price, and she tipped HERSELF 20% on top of that, without permission. I was definitely going to tip anyway but I will not be leaving my card for a tab anymore if I go back.Rude staff. Tried to charge for everything and to sit at a table when no one was even in the club. Tried to give me a hard time for ordering a glass of water. Never again. Sorry not sorry.Good vibe and music for an urban crowd... Drinks a bit pricey. Service at the bar was fast and consistent.Hmmm. Well let's talk about what I liked about this place...
Not much. 
This was by far the most average hookah experience I've had and one of the worst customer service wise. 
A friend was visiting from out of town and instead of going to Byblos (natural inclination) I decided to try B Side instead as a friend mentioned it was a chill spot with good music and a nice crowd. Good music? Sure. Nice crowd? Eh maybe for winter I guess. Everything else? Nah. 
When we entered we were surprised to see that they were charging a $5 cover before 9pm. Most places don't start charging until 9pm or even later. After paying and putting that iffy feeling to the side we made our way in where we were approached by a waitress. She asked us if we were planning on sitting at the bar (we replied yes) and she notated that if we would've decided a table instead there was a $50 minimum that night. Ummm ok. I guess if you were to put that in retrospect that's probably a hookah rental and 3 or 4 drinks which isn't that big of a deal for people looking to stay the majority of the night. 
Less than 5 minutes in, my friend and I decided that the bar was a bit uncomfortable and with no coat check we wanted more space for our things. I flagged down another waitress to move us to the table who then informed me that the table (yes the same 2 person table) now held a $150 minimum. Lol WHAT? Like I've never seen a table up priced so quickly. At the same time I'm trying to figure out when I relocated from a semi-shabby hookah lounge to a nicer club that would even warrant such a price for a 2 person table. Since my friend was paying, I also didn't want to have to have him incur that price after we'd just had dinner as well. After explaining to the waitress she insisted on giving me the same price and I requested a manager. The manager was BEYOND helpful (sarcasm) and told me that we could switch to the table, however the hookah we ordered at the bar would not count towards the tables minimum. Okay. Whatever. Whateverrrrrrrrr 
So we move, and the music is great and there's a better crowd than I expected in cold weather. Bigger issue being the difficulty we had tracking down a waitress of whom were either flirting with male patrons or taking shots and similar foolishness. Drinks were weak and watered down and not worth the price at all. The hookah did not boast a strong flavor and in my opinion took way too much effort to get a good pull. I haven't been back and I'm comfortable with that decision. Although it's smaller, Byblos offers a hookah experience that I prefer much more over B Side. Yes, the music was good but that's just not enough. Judging by the other amount of negative reviews the questionable experience I had during my visit wasn't an anomaly. B Side clearly just survives on doing the bare minimum. No thanks.This place is amazing.The food and service are great.I would definitely recommend it to friends and collegues.Good service, very ghetto atmosphere though. Shitty rap music very loud and cheap decor. Decent place,  won't be back.I went here with a friend on a rather slow day for the lounge. Nice, chill atmosphere, and the staff was super friendly. Our server was awesome, the head chef happened to be around and was also very friendly. The hookah itself was just like any other hookah, except it lasted about 2 hours (could have been more but had to leave). We also ordered an appetizer from the menu.
Overall, this place has a nice atmosphere, and great food. There is a great selection of hookah, and the staff was excellent. 
Also the bathrooms are trippy, you'll have to see for yourself.I'm not sure what I enjoyed the most about B Side last night (Saturday). Was it the $20 vanilla hookah with unlimited coals? The cocktails? The fact that you can order delicious Italian dishes from BARRA next door? The ambiance? I'm not sure. They were all pretty awesome, equally.
My friend Shannon C. and I walked in around 7 p.m., ordered drinks, hookah and hummus, and settled in. The walls and lights are really fun. The whole lounge is, actually. My first drink, the Aviation (blue coat gin, maraschino, lemon and creme yvette), was perfect. Later on, I also ordered the Basilico out of curiosity (svedka, basil, strawberry and st. germaine). Surprisingly really good!
Staying in line with the basil, I asked our server (John), if I could order anything from BARRA, he said yes, and I opted for the Margherita pizza. SUCH a good choice, too! The sauce had a great taste, without overpowering the mozzarella and basil. And speaking of the staff, they were all really accommodating, and not overbearing.
As a side note, go through the sliding door to use BARRA's bathroom. The doors are clear until you lock them to make them foggy.
By the time we left a couple (few?) hours later, my stomach was satiated and my lungs were full of fancy smoke. I was surprised B Side wasn't brimming with the Saturday night Old City crowd -- it's such a gem. Maybe it was still too early though?
In any case, we will be back. Soon.Went to this place on 10/18/13 (a friday) around 1030pm to try something different for my birthday. Hookah was good, music was cool, bartender was nice and the atmosphere was fun. We sat at the bar which wasnt too packed and not too empty either, just enough to be sociable. Worth Mentioning: the bathroom doors are pretty cool too! I enjoyed my time here but the only things that kept me from a perfect 5 star rating were the Service charge when there was only 3 people our group (I could understand it if I had a large party, like 5-6+) and the website hadnt been updated, it says on friday nights its $4 Martinis and my martinis were $10. Other than that, nice place. I might go again.If you are looking for a chill but fun spot to check out with some friends this is it. I love hookah so when I find a spot that is decent, I stick to it. Let me start with the food. It's very rare for me to find authentic food in a hookah joint. Typically, some random wannabe crap is made and then titled something that sounds authentic but far from it here. Simple stuff like hummus and tabbouleh is NOT over looked. I ordered a couple apps to share with friends and the chef came out to check on us and see what we liked. The chicken and lamb kabobs were also tender and the sauces so good too! The cool part is the place is also connected with Barra so we also ordered a pizza, (wood oven) it's really yummy! I have been here several times and on each occasion I have been satisfied & full!! For the hookah I like the simple flavors, the owner is Arabic, (he also is present and active in the business which makes me feel welcomed) so he uses Starbuzz which is one of the higher end and authentic tobacco choices. Nothing worse than getting a bad harsh hookah, I found it to be smooth and my waitress rotated the coals without us having to ask. Lastly, for drinks we tried a couple options on the menu and some old favorites everyone was satisfied. There is indoor and outdoor seating. I like to sit in the back and listen to the music which varies from urban, light house and some Arabic hits which gets you in the mood. You should give this place a try if you're in town it's fun and trendy but not cheesy. The tip is included in the check so when it comes to splitting at the end it makes it easier (especially after some drinks). I'll be back sometime soon, thanks for the hospitality!Take a deep breath.   Gasp caugh ahem.   Ok, not that deep.   Not like a bong.   More like a little puff.   How is that?  Much better, right?
Hookahs have been on my bucket list.   Sure, close to the bottom, but it was on the list.  This is a great place to try it.  Went on a Tuesday night when it was quiet and the ladies gave us the inside scoop on hookin.  We tried the vanilla and got set up on one of the big water pipes.  
The smoke was extrememlu mellow.  Once its cooled theough the water and long hose you cant even tell you are smoking.  But you are and the nicotine rush starts quickly.  
There were a few regulars in there besides us newbies.   They have a good selection of drinks so those not hookin it up still felt at home.   
So if this is on your bucket list, give em a try.  Just remember, just a little puff.Horrible customer service!!! Ripped out of $40 entry fee because I was at the wrong address for a birthday dinner with gift in my hand.... They took my money I literally walked in and said to myself this is the wrong place the owner advised "No refunds" Less than 2 minutes Wow this is Center City Bye B Side no class will not last! Bside motto "by any means necessary" to rip people off. I will definitely spread the word about this poor service try Infusion Hookah Lounge 2nd and Market!!Good hookah, expensive everything. Slow service especially after the place gets super packed after 11pm. If you ask for water make sure you ask tap or in a glass, they're sneaky to bring out water bottles and charge you. Hot wings were delicious, owner is super nice!! Would've been nice if they were playing authentic Arabian music, not rap and radio hits.They have a cover charge that's $10 for women but $15 for men, which is just whack. Is this a college party? Everything there is extremely over priced, just like every other sketchy hookah establishment. Their food is bad and tastes like it's been microwaved.
They charge $100 just to reserve ONE TABLE, and that isn't including the cover or any drinks or food you might want to order. Do they think they're some high class club? Their TVs were playing weird swimsuit model videos for an hour before they switched it to some basketball game. 
And of course they're cash only / don't take cards where you pay the cover, so you're forced to use the ATM that charges you $3.00. You're better off buying your own damn hookah and just chilling someplace on your own.On a Saturday night with several friends.  We definitely have experienced better such as Infusion Lounge.  The ventilation sucked!  It was nice to see a live DJ, but my bro said "this is twerking music..."  A younger crowd and not as classy as other hookah lounges we been to.  The place was small.
Ordered a double apple mint hookah for 5 people.  Why it only came with one pipe?  At Infusion lounge you would get a hookah with two pipes.
The upside was we tried a new place and can mark it off our list.After being treated badly, I won't be returning to this establishment.
Been here a number of times, and previously had attentive service, good hookah, good drink selection.  
Not true anymore.  I suspect management has changed recently, because I suggested my friends and I go here for hookah and drinks.  We entered around 8 PM, and at the door they asked for ID and a $5 cover.  Understandable, they've got to pay the bouncer's wage on a weekend night.  Inside was relatively empty, but it was after only 8PM.
However, once we paid the cover, we were immediately told that while many tables were unoccupied, we couldn't be seated for a long while - no timeline given.  We were told we could go to Barra, the restaurant section and get food while we waited.
Once in Barra, a friendly waitress attempted to seat us, but the same rude hostess quickly appeared to inform us all the empty tables were also reserved.  OK, not our night, we'll get a reservation next time.  We politely asked for our cover back. 
The hostess informed us that no refunds were allowed.  They misrepresented their services, and wouldn't return $5.  After arguing over the paltry sum for several minutes, we decided it wasn't worth ruining our night.
It's a shame, but I won't be patronizing this establishment again.  I felt embarrassed, degraded, and it ruined my night anyway.This place honestly only had one redeeming quality about it:  a friendly bartender. We first went in there with the intention of having a hookah. After having to pay the $5 cover, we go in and THEN are told by a server that reservations are required to have a table with a hookah and that they were completely booked. While this may seem fine, (1) there were many empty tables and (2) this wasn't told to us till AFTER we paid the cover which they said was "no refunds." 
Of course, this was actually illegal for them to withhold our money especially after false advertisement. Additionally, a few other people came in with the same intention  of getting  a table/hookah and complained to the management while also demanding a refund. They had not purchased anything from the establishment and yet the management  refused to issue a refund, which again is illegal. 
Lastly, there was a credit/debit card minimum of $25. Not only is this a ridiculous  amount if you just intend to have a drink, but it is also illegal as businesses are only allowed to put a max of a $10 minimum.
Overall, I felt like this place was there to simply swindle customers , specifically  new ones, of their money. If it was possible to give this place half a star, I would have.I came here last weekend with M, Kathleen D. and a friend of ours. It was my first time getting hookah in Philly so I was pretty excited. We walked in to a fairly chill environment and got seated right away. The drinks here are good -- I went with the Basilica all night, as I am a big fan of basil in my drinks.
The awesome part about this place is you can order food and it's pretty good. I got the margherita pizza and it was yummy. I wolfed down most of it, with M finishing off the last couple slices. M got the crabmeat orecchiette but he wasn't a huge fan. It was fine, but not very crabby. 
The hookah was good! We started with the blueberry grape and got the mango the second time around. Both flavors were good. They were constantly changing out our coals too, which is great. 
Be warned -- this place starts poppin' big time around 9:00! The music turned from quiet house music to rap in an instant. I'm not complaining -- we were still having a good time. We just weren't expecting it. If you're not into that, you would probably want to leave before 9. 
Overall, I really liked this place and I'll definitely be back!Music too loud, beer warm, served cold coffee, and incompetent staff. Save yourself and go to Ariana down the street.So I live about an hour and a half away in bucks county. I came to Bside for the first time in April of 2014. I've gone to hookah bars and lounges all around bucks and montco since then, never quite being as happy with the experience. 
I came back to the city a few days ago and planned to stay for the better part of a week and made my grand return to Bside. What a decision that was!! The drinks are almost as delicious as the hookah :-) everybody here, from the owner himself to the bartenders, the people at the door, the security, the wait staff, the couple other people walking around in charge, and even the dude changing the coals and the guy waiting to pump soap in my hand in the bathroom... The staff at Bside are all here to guarantee and enable my superior experience :-) I can't stay away!!!
And if that wasn't enough, the other customers are awesome as well. I've met new interesting people to talk to and chill with for the past couple nights in a row. And what makes it better, I came back yesterday, and it's like I'm a part of the Bside family... 
This wonderful establishment, that I'm about to program in my cellphone under the name "Paradise" has made a very significant life decision for me. I'm starting to look at places tomorrow, and moving to this city, so that I can come to "Paradise" whenever I want to. :-) 
Love to everyone at Bside, be seeing you soon...
Fondly, the other Nick ;-)B Side is a really fun place to listen to the latest hiphop and RnB and enjoy hookah. The staff is very attentive. The prices are fair and the food is delicious! it's in a great location and parking is easy to find.I went here for an event last night and it was a terrible experience. I spent an hour waiting in a port controlled crowd to get in. Bouncers kept yelling at everyone to get in line and back up, but those who went to the side still got in before me. When I got in, I had already missed half the event. They then required that everyone check coats which led to another thirty minute line. Overall this venue is horrible and I would not go back.Cool place to smoke hookah, dance and party.  They have cool DJs! 18 to get in the club, 21 to drink. Good experience!$20 cover. $5 mandatory coat check if you want to go upstairs (hip hop) or downstairs (Latin music) but free to sit on the main floor in the restaurant. I had a really small fitting faux leather jacket. Sat in the restaurant area with some friends for about an hour & got a drink or two from the bar. We later went upstairs. I paid the $5 cost check only to see tons of people w. Their jackets on. Found out my friend got a table for us & asked if I could have the $20 returned considering she was paying a large amount of $ for the section upstairs. Denied. Also, Normally $5 isn't a huge deal for a coat check but after walking upstairs I noticed tons of other ppl skipped the "mandatory coat check". Fast forward: the group is upstairs, bottles & hookah ordered. The DJ was TERRIBLEEEEE! It was as if he played music that he & his small entourage liked and didn't give a crap about the crowd. Club had a decent amount of ppl in it. No one on the dance floor & he continued to play Jersey house music. Okay. We get it. The DJ was from Jersey... but as a DJ aren't you supposed to play music to that pleases the crowd?? We requested some songs in hopes to have him switch gears. He played 2 songs, each for about 30 secs & then went back to the  he was playing before. I'll end on a positive note. He acknowledged all of the birthday girls that were in attendance  & had somewhat of a twerking contest on stage so I guess that was plus if you're a guy. Overall I felt like it was a waste of $ and time.Love this place. Best hookah around. Music is good they have the best Djs, Staff is really nice and food is amazing.definitely don't go on fridays (the day for 18+). No one was there, the music was garbage, and not a single person was on the dance floor. Ordered a jack and coke and it was literally disgusting didn't even taste like coke.This place is amazing! My friends and I came from North Jersey and wanted some good food and hookah, and that's exactly what we got! The service was amazing! Everyone was so nice! Definitely a go-to place in Philly!Worst bar I've ever been to. 11 dollars for a vodka soda the size of a shot glass. Everyone there is insanely rude, and they are cheap as hell. They charged $4 for a water, when people were in need of one. Horrible layout, unkind people, would not recommend unless you're looking to have the worst time.I was not impressed with this location. I was referred by the lady at the hotel. She said it was chill and a good vibe. When we got to the spot it was $10 for ladies and $15 for guys at door.  Once we paid the cover ($50)  and enterrd, the lady at the door informed us that we could stand at the bar (no seating available) or we could sit at table for $150 min tab.  Tables had a min $ amount based on size of table, not size of your party (or maybe both, I am not really sure.)  We were also informed that if we started a tab at the bar and decided to move to a table, our previous tab would not count toward table minimum. I felt it was a little disingenuous not to inform us of the charge to sit, in addition to cover, until after we already paid to go in, but We decided to go with a table for 4 (min tab $150) because we felt we would most likely spend that amount. At this point we should have left but once you spend $50, you feel committed.
The spot: The location was small and not very nice.  It was one narrow room (like the small reggae spot you might go to)  There was a DJ (the Star is for the DJ, if it wasn't for him, I d give this place 0 stars) and the music was pretty good and loud but no dance floor. The tables were lined up like you might see at a mall or a church basement. the ambiance was not very nice. Okay, so I like a small spot with good music so this alone would not make me rate it one star, however bottle service/ table minimums are HIGHLY unnecessary in such a "chill" location. 
The Crowd: I felt the crowd was on the slightly younger side (I am 38, if that helps.)  I am not from Philly but I thought it was a good looking crowd.  Seemed fairly progressive (with style anyway) The crowd was not dancing. Everyone seemed super chill...almost zoned out. There also was not a lot of cross mingling. So maybe its a spot where you brining your own party (which is cool, but then the music needs to be a bit softer so you can converse if your not dancing.) Nobody was really dancing or talking. just chilling. Is that bad? you decide. I was okay with that, too...
The Service: If I could give this place a negative star, I would. My friends ordered a pricey bottle of wine that took forever to come to the table. I think they literally went and bought it from a bodega and came back and charged a redic amount for a cheap gas station type bottle of wine. The drinks were watered down. This is the type of place where I wouldn't be surprised if you order top shelf and really get bottom (but I cant verify that so that is just a speculation.)
The servers are very nice but limited in autonomy to make customer service decisions. My girlfriend asked for a glass of water and they said they would have to charge her!!  She finally convinced him to put the water in her used wine glass. 
At one point we realized that there was a second side to the B-Side. It seemed a bit quieter so we could have a conversation. The club was not full. We asked if we could please move to the other side. We were informed that we could go stand over there but there were no 4 people table available and that we would need to start a NEW tab for 300 to sit in a bigger table. our tab was already around 300 btw. When we explained to the lady that we were not even given a choice she really didn't care and was unwilling to accommodate us.  They treated us horribly. The made comments that people have walked out on big tabs so they needed our cards right away and added the Tip (again I am fine with that but I'd like good service if you are going to presume you deserve a tip.) It really made me feel like a second class citizen yet I am paying good money,I was just taken aback. Considering the woman making the decisions was not black and everyone paying was. I found her to be presumptuous and her treatment to her clientele  was super appalling. Like we don't have standards.
$$$ - It is pricey for what you get....totally not worth it 
The food looked gross and cheap, but I didn't order so I will not speak to the food. I did wonder why anyone in their right mind would come back. I travel for work and am always looking for good locations in varies cities but I wont be back ever.  Next time I will be checking out Ariana.OK so I've been here multiple times but the first time I came here I had a really good time. The hooka was really good and so were the drinks. BUT I've been back here recently and it wasn't all that great like I remembered.
During my second visit,  my sis and i stopped in to have a drink around happy hour on a Friday. We sat at the bar and we were not greeted for a whole 10 minutes. Not a smile,  not a "I'll be with you in a second " nothing.The bartender stood there chit chatting with two other guys at the bar. There was only 4 customers total in this whole establishment so I just had one drink and left. 
During my third visit the customer service was horrible once again and it wasn't busy at all! I came here with a few family members and it was a  SLOW weekday night.
 When we arrived there was no one insight so we searched for an employee and we finally found them next door laughing & searching the web on a laptop. We  asked them if we could be seated and they looked at us like we just ruined their moods. When we were seated it took the waitress FOREVER to get us our hooka and our drinks. The waitress looked miserable and it took her a long 20 min before we got our hooka. I just didn't understand because the place was completely empty. Ugh I love the hooka here but the customer service really sucks on a SLOW day.The place is pricey so if you're bank account isn't set up right i would advise you not to come here. Almost every bar has hookah now so I'm sure you can find something cheaper and even better elsewhere. This establishment is just money hungry which is normal but they make it so obvious which is abnormal. The entry fee is dumb because it's not a nightclub, atleast when i went, there were tables everywhere and no one was dancing. It's a restaurant/bar, so anyone who comes in is going to spend money anyway so i don't see the point. 
So after you pay to enter, the hostess says you have to spend however much to sit at a table. That's tasteless and stupid because everyone's first instinct will be to say no until they see the menu at the bar and calculate everything in their head to see if the price makes sense. Or they get uncomfortable from standing then they finally ask for a table. How about the hostess show some class and just ask people if they plan on ordering food. Anyone who orders food, drinks, and hookah here will easily meet the table requirement.
Lastly, the typical rude ass philly bouncers literally yelling at everyone to get the fuck out when the club is closing. It was a little before 2 and we weren't even finished our food and drinks and some asshole is yelling at our table of 3 cute girls to hurry up and get out but the waitress was the one who was slow with giving us our bill and take home boxes. Our food was slow coming out too so it was actually their fault but he was yelling at us.So I went here last Friday at the recommendation of a co-worker . I've worked in Center City a number of years and always make it appoint of visiting several establishments in an evening. We arrived 7:30 ish after leaving happy hour somewhere else. We had no problem getting a table as the place was empty.  We ordered drinks and got hookah...I usually don't write a negative review for any establishment, but I feel the management and operation of this place feels very UN-center city like. So we're having a good time, music, hookah... drinks and then the manager comes over and asks us if we would be done our hookah by 10???? What??? I dunno about you, but who knows how long it will take you to do hookah??? So we say, we don't know, cause we honestly don't know... This is the start of the souring of my experience here. So then starts the circling of waitresses to see if we wanted anything else, and increasing checks to see if we're done, and guess who comes back..... The manager.... She asks AGAIN how long??? I'm annoyed at this point cause we're still having our $20 a pop drinks and smoking our hookah. So we ask her what's the issue, she tells us that the table is reserved and that she can move us.... I look around cause I didn't see who was waiting BECAUSE THERE WAS NO ONE???? Ok, so we decided it's time to go, but not before we spent over $200 bucks.. Next time I'll stick with what I know and go to that other hookah place off of 18th and chestnut. By the way, when we got outside there was NO ONE waiting to get in.Best Hookah in Philly! Let me just say ever since I've moved out here from California, it's been such a drag to find a hookah bar that knows how to make a lasting bowl that gives dense smoke. It came to the point where I just bought my own because Byblos and the others don't truly know how to pack a hookah bowl and use proper coals. I've been to at least 10 different lounges and BSide is definitely the best I've had :) Brianna took good care of us...she's a doll!B Side Hookah Lounge has a lot of potential, but I really don't like how they do business here.  First off, there's a $25 credit/debit card minimum which is pretty ridiculous (but unfortunately, not uncommon).  I had the same server the last two time I went (a brown skin brotha) and he was on top of things.  My biggest issue beside the lack of seating is the exorbitant service charge they discretely tack on to each bill that adds up to 20% - 25% of the bill.  This is ridiculous.  What's even more insulting is the fact that they expect you to tip on top of that.  This, ultimately, makes my experience here very disappointing.  I won't even mention how they charge people $5 to get in knowing they won't be able to get a hookah because there are no tables (warn people of this at the door!).  I hope they get it together because, as I said, the place has a lot of potential.  But they need to chill on these types of shady practices.Not a hookah bar, came today and they said no hookah today due to too many reservations in restaurant. Could be a good restaurant but hookah bar classification should be removed from the yelp.So me and my two friends decided to come here last night and it was by far the worst experience I've had at any establishment. When we first got there, there was a ten dollar cover. OK cool no big deal, we paid it no problem. But I did notice a sign that said no refunds at the door which I thought was odd. We go inside and there is no where to sit all the tables were reserved so we ask someone is there any place for us to sit they said no they were all taken so my friend demanded a refund they said they do not give refunds. Now they should have told us before we paid that they didn't have any seating available jus like they had a sign that said no refunds. But they said they were clearing a table but it was $75 minimum to sit there. Like really? $75 to sit down to smoke hookah. Honestly the money wasn't an issue I jus didn't like how money hungry they were. So we said fuck it I told my friends  we were probably going to end up spending it anyway. The table we sat at was by the door and we were freezing. The food wasn't even good my burger was way too salty and my friends ordered mozzarella sticks and wings and they didn't like their food either. To put the icing on the cake they put a 15% gratuity on the bill and didn't tell us. It was only 3 of us so why they did that is beyond me. I would never  go back there that whole place is a set upGreat hookah, but they have $70 minimal. The drink is ok, the service was horrible, they don't really pay attention to customers. Its a ok place.I wish I could give this place 0 stars. For starters, they separate the lines to get in by men and women - its 2018 people. That pissed me off to start the night, then as I got in I wanted to get a nice refreshing water. I head to the bar and I ask for a seltzer first, the woman tells me FOUR dollars. Baffled by the fact that literally bubble water is four dollars, I ask for plain tap water. "That'll be one dollar." That is illegal and it isn't even filtered water. Reluctantly, I end up paying my one dollar for a water and try to walk out of the bar area to the dance floor. Think again, NOPE, not allowed to bring a drink out of the bar area. So I cant enjoy my drink with my friends that aren't in the bar area? 20 minutes go by and I want to go outside to get some fresh air, at the bottom of the steps a massive puddle of water was overflowing from the bathroom (pictures provided). I couldn't believe how much water it was, I could've gone for a swim. The bouncers are rude as can be as I try to get air. I was told, "I can't be more than 10 feet away from the door, or I won't get back in. At this point I walk outside, and CYAAAAAA. Left that place and actually went somewhere worth my time and moneyGotta say, "we love it here!" Management and staff are truly friendly, good people. Good drinks, great prices, and a cool crowd! We will keep comming back.I am personally glad that I went to this club. Now I know exactly where to go if I ever want to have an absolutely terrible nightNot surprised with the bad comments! This is totaly expected. After the close to move. It should have been just closed not reopened. Very disappointed and it's a shame because it's a wonderful location. No matter what management says these yelp reviews and overal rating speaks for itself. I mean get real who'd lying all these people, highly doubt it. Do us a favor and close because there's one mission I'm on not reccomending this place at all.The worst of the worst. Dirty food and drinks served by dirty people. The dredge of humanity. There is not a deep enough spot in hell for these dirtballs.Chill good drinks, good hookah, good dj do I need to say more. Can come any day of the week and have fun. Definitely recommend for a good night out!Our waitress rocked. She was helpful, attentive, and friendly. The hookah was good (Blue Mist). We also grabbed an order of baba ghanoush which was okay. The music was pretty solid too. The bathroom doors were also really cool - they are clear until you lock them, at which point they become cloudy.You pay $10 to get in... it's a $25 minimum on cards for drinks... they have an atm. They don't accept any cards with chips. You can STAND at the bar and smoke hookah, they literally have no chairs. If you wanna sit at a table you must spend at least $70 for 2 people and $150 for 4 people. They won't change your coals for you and the bartender is super rudeGood location. I appreciate the music that was being played (urban). It was a bit chilly when I went, and I happened to be sitting by the door at the bar, so the blast of wind of quite annoying. I think that the drinks are a little on the pricey side, if I return, I will be arriving tipsy. the hookah was gross. I believe it was the hose. It was old, or just something was wrong with it. When we pulled it, it left black ashes in our mouths. It took us FOREVER to get the hookah person's attention, and when we did we were brought another faulty hose. By that time I was just over it. It is decorated very nicely from what I saw. I will admit I did not get up and explore due to not wanting to lose my seat.This place was turnt up on a Saturday night. I mean all the way turnt. When we first got there around 11 ish there wasn't a lot of people and we contemplated leaving. However, we grabbed some hookah and food and chilled. Shortly after, a massive crowd arrived, people were dancing everywhere and it was a insane party. The hookah's last a really long time. They are also very flavorful. I can't remember how much the drinks cost. I just know they had to be strong. The Dj did his thing. There was some commotion due to some rowdy individuals but that was quickly taken care of and the party went on til the morning. This is the perfect spot to get your ratchet fix in and be back to normal for the Monday morning grind.We were looking for a good vibe with good music and found this place. It was pretty empty around 11, but quickly filled up by 11:30. I guess we went at the perfect time. They serve hookah, food, and drinks which resulted in a great night. For 2 drinks and hookah we paid about $35, which was great to me! 
The only think I didn't like about this place was the seating arrangement and the wooden seats. Most hookah bars I've been to have better seating than wooden bar seats.DISCLAIMER: IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO BOOK THIS PLACE FOR AN EVENT, DO NOT BOTHER. IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A BAR IN PHILADELPHIA, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
I'll keep this short. B-Side Complex is the worst venue I have ever been to. Its management is poor, bouncers are entirely rude, and drinks are served in plastic baby cups with watered-down alcohol for $12. You are confined to a small space after you buy your drink and unable to walk around with it. 
You are CHARGED MONEY for asking for a cup of water. The layout is laughable. I just wish I could rate this hellhole of an establishment zero stars.
LISTEN to the Yelp reviews. Save your money and time and go somewhere else.Hmm... I'll give a combined review here since I know they are connected. While the food on the Barra side is good (best pizza I've had in a while), the overall experience was horrible (outside of one gracious bartender). Note that if you are on the BSide side.. they may charge you a "service charge" which they don't charge you on the Barra side. Their explanation was that it was the "nightlife" side. Not sure how that equates to an extra charge. The bartender on the BSide is about the rudest thing Ive encountered in a while. Oh and they impose their $25 card minimum whenever they feel like it (mine was imposed after already spending a legitimate amount of money there. Not sure they how they are going to survive when there are so many other great options in Philly.. but I wish them the best because I won't be back.We on a Thursday night. It was ok. Calm, chill, laid back environment. Music could have been better. It was at a level where you could hold a conversation without yelling though.When myself and 2 of my guests arrived around 12am we were the only people there because 2 hours prior a day party had ended. We were nicely welcomed by Roxxy who had explained the emptiness, nonetheless we decided to stay. My guests ordered a hookah and I inquired about drinks specials and was told because it was after midnight their weren't any. You would think by inquiring about drink specials that would be an automatic indication that the customer wasn't looking to spend to much money, I guess due to Roxxy's lack of attention this was not an indication to her. I also conveyed that for the mixed drinks a regular House was fine. After my guests ordered 6 mixed drinks total with vodkas and pineapple and one hookah we received a bill for $102.00. Please keep in mind that we are at a venue with less then 10 people in attendance.
I was extremely upset but after many years in customer service, I kept my composure. I requested to speak to our waitress ROXXY to better understand how any of the messages I communicated suggested I wanted one of the most expensive selections in the mixed drink? To my surprise I received one of the most inconsiderate, lack of training and disappointing replies, Roxxy's response was " I don't know anything about liquor I just selected the first option I saw in the computer" I was in complete disbelief as to why she would not speak with me prior to making this decision on her own or why she didn't better examine the options in her place of employment's computer! She clearly thought this response was sufficient. Not only was it incorrect but it shows she knows nothing about listening to her customers. Management did try to assist me by lowering my bill to $70 but I have to say this was beyond unacceptable for an establishment. I have no intentions on returning and I highly suggest Roxxy get more training because her next customer may not be as respectable and controlled as I am.I have been wanting to do Hookah in philly for a long time and I had read pretty descent reviews about B-Side so when the boyfriend and I found ourselves wandering the city on Saturday I suggested this location. 
We were seated outside, which was a good move because the music inside was extremely loud and "clubby". I don't mind some dancing music but it's not really what I am looking for when going to smoke hookah. For me, it's kind of a social activity where I would like to actually have a conversation and be heard. Outside was pretty much perfect though; if for the people watching alone. 
Ordered the grape hookah, which I thought was pretty good but made the boyfriend light headed. The server was pretty good. She seemed to be handling both inside and outside tables so there were points where we didn't see her for a bit and refills were a little harder to come by than I would like. 
My only real issue here - and it's a big one for me - was the automatic service charge. We were a party of 2 and yet there was an automatic 15% charge on our bill. This makes me crazy... particularly when they slip it on the bill without warning. This could have been a 3 star experience but I am subtracting one for that.