Baan Thai is great for a dinner date or large parties of 8 or more. There is a good amount of space in the restaurant and you do not feel crowded in. The portions are large and all the food we ordered was amazing. The salads are also huge so I suggest sharing if you are ordering appetizers for the table with a large party. The service was good and speedy. We didn't have to wait long for our order. Its definitely a great go to Thai and BYOB spot in Northern Liberties.
I suggest the Pad Thai Chicken, Spring Rolls, and Money bags.Amazing food. Amazing price. Everything was very fresh and delicious. Clean restaurant. Wait staff was very sweet and accommodating. Great find in northern liberties!!A local favorite for us. Great food. We love the Pad Prik Pow. We've also enjoyed the Pad See Ew, Thai Fried Rice, Pineapple Fried Rice, and more. 
The restaurant atmosphere is pleasant and also good for conversations over dinner, yet casual enough for young children. Delivery is quick, even faster than promised.
We hope Baan Thai has a long life on Liberties Walk.Not the best Thai food I have ever eaten, but by far the best Thai food I have eaten in Philadelphia.  Large portions.  None of this hipster fusion menu crap (ironic given it is in Northern Liberties).  Just a regular Thai food menu with decently flavored sauces that don't taste like they came straight from a jar.  This is the only Thai restaurant I will eat at in this deprived city.$10 lunch special on sat until 3p includes salad, appetizer/soup and a dish with choice of meat or tofu. Yellow curry, anyone?Great food.  Nice guy.  Much better than the nearby Circles restaurant.  BYOB is a huge plus.  My BF was not totally happy with his dish.  He said it lacked flavor.  Maybe he needs more flavor!  Anyway, go here.  It's a winner.  
-JMVery nice lunch special. ..even on the weekend...where you get a choice of numerous entrees with your choice of protein (including tofu), a salad and choice of appetizer or soup.   I ordered the Thai salad w peanut sauce, the veggie Tom Yum soup and Drunken Noodles w tofu.  All for $10.  Everything was delicious and fresh.  Veggies were perfectly cooked and eveything was flavorful.   The only suggestion I'd make is to lose the baby corn and stick w the fresh veggies.  A great and filling lunchMy favorite Thai spot in philly. Awesome family staff that is sweet and helpful. Delicious food that smashed it's closeby competition. Affordable and a pretty big menu. Super cheap lunch specials. Check em out.Excellent food. Delightful atmosphere. They were very busy but super accommodating even to the lady who drove on the curb to get her take out order yelling at the guy to make sure she had utensils. i got just the best order of thai tea and they gave us straws that had hearts on them some how!!! One of the best birthday dinners i have ever had!!!!!Despite the good service and pretty good food, I have had better in other locations.  Nothing wrong with this place, just not as good as some of the others I have had.  I am keeping the other restaurants anonymous to respect this one.Great Thai food! The mixed appetizer was wonderful (with a couple substitutions). It says for two but can easily feed three/four. The curries and noodles were great. Without changing the spiciness level, the food came out with perfect heat. Service is a bit slow but worth the wait. Also, call ahead if you think it will be busy to make a reservation.I give Baan Thai an A for Awesome.  The Thai fried rice with Crab is a knock-out, and they do my favorite Thai dish, Pad See Ew, very well with more veggies than most places.  The staff was so incredibly friendly, and though the fire alarms started going off during our meal (thanks to the apartments upstairs), I liked the ambiance of Baan Thai.  After the fire alarm ordeal, they sent over complimentary fried bananas (so frickin good).
The price points are right up my alley, and with it being a BYOB you really can't beat it for a nice night out on a budget. I plan on going back ASAP to try out the rest of their menu.Lunch specials are amazing here. For $10 you get a salad, soup or appetizer, and an entree!! The coconut soup was so good and I would come back just for this! The house salad with peanut dressing was also good and comes with the peanut on the side so it looks super cute. For the entree I ordered the steamed vegetables with tofu with another peanut dressing. It may have been the same peanut dressing as the salad but the dish was excellent. The best part was the tofu, extremely crispy on the outside and soft on the inside!
The inside decor is pretty basic for a local Thai place. Definitely going to start ordering here more often!The food was fair. I have a service dog and they told me no dogs allowed. When I reiterated that my dog was a service animal the server disappeared and came back and asked for papers. I said there are no "papers" and he left again. From there another server came out and waited on us. This server was not engaging and was slow to respond to our requests. There was only one other customer in the restaurant most of the time we were there. I was disappointed.Of all the Thai restaurants I've tried, this is at the top of my list. I love duck and they prepared it to perfection. The basil sauce was perfectly prepared and spiciness was just enough to cause a little sweat, but it was truly delicious, along with the "money bag" as an appetizer. 
Only disappointment was their refusal to serve the fried banana dessert with two ice cream flavors, when my adorable daughter requested it and they could not oblige.
We will revisit this Philly gem again in the future and try their other dishes.I'm Thai, and this place is pretty darn good.  (Note: It's delicious.)
...and it's BYOB.
Service is great and they're quick when you order for pick-up.
They also have an awesome lunch special.
Try the duck salad - you won't regret it!
Baan Thai vs. Circles:
- Taste: Baan Thai is much more authentic and flavorful, Circles wasn't bad, but was a bit greasy and didn't taste as authentic
- Value: Portions are a little smaller at Circles and cost about $2 per entree than Baan Thai
- Speed: For pick-up, Baan Thai is hands down one of the fastest real restaurants I've ever gotten food from - they say 15 minutes, usually will be ready in 10; Circles, took about 25 minutes when they said 15This is our go-to Thai place (and order out place) - and we eat out Thai quite a bit. There are a few decent options in Philly but they're simply not as consistently good as Baan. The food here is phenomenal, service is good, delivery is fast and it is always dependably delicious.
We usually get the red curry beef and drunken noodles. I get drunken noodles pretty much whenever I can and this place does them the best - a bit of spicy, mixed in with a bit of sweet - hits the spots every time.Best and most authentic Thai food in Philadelphia, hands-down. I'm SO happy Baan Thai has opened! Friendly, professional service and wonderful food, What more could you ask for? The only Thai I will eat in the city now after years of searching for Thai in Philly.Great Thai variety to the byob scene in NoLib. This is especially good since most byob are American, european or Mexican oriented good. The food was actually pretty flavorful and it was above my expectation. I do cook and eat a lot of Thai food, so I guess I wasn't sure what to expect.
The interior was clean and nothing special. Overall, good experience.Decided to try this place and I was not disappointed. The food was excellent! I ordered the Basil fried rice and the Tom Kha soup and both were delicious. It was seasoned perfectly in my opinion. The only thing that bothered me was there is absolutely NO parking. I placed a carry out order and noticed there weren't any available street parking spaces near the restaurant. Just as I considered parking illegally just to run in quickly and pay I saw a parking enforcement woman giving out tickets. So I circled and circled around forever looking for a place to park. It was super inconvenient but the food was definitely worth it I'll prob opt for delivery next time.5 stars for service alone! Waiter was attentive and nice. Ate lunch, had "Steamed Dumplings" and "Spring Rolls" for the appetizer, both delicious. For entrees, I had the  "Yellow Curry" with chicken and my girlfriend had the "Red Curry" with chicken. They were both great, but I liked hers more, the Red was spicier and was more flavorful to my liking. Both served with a side of rice. The lunch special also included choice of soup or salad, salad with peanut sauce was tasty.
Dessert, we shared a scoop of coconut and green tea over a tempura fried banana. A nice treat to end the lunch.  The combination of the cold ice cream and the warm fried batter of the banana hit the spot. 
Recommended Drinks: Thai TeaI love this cute little restaurant. I have eaten here many times since moving to Philly a couple of years ago.  They have a great lunch special, the food is always on point delicious and most of all, the people who work there are so darn sweet and kind.  Thank you!The Thai Barbecue (MooYa, or something like that) was perfect, even as leftovers for lunch today. The meat was well seasons and the dipping sauce complimented the sweet/spicy balance. The place is byob, my friends and I split a bottle and the waiter/host was incredibly nice and attentive. We spilt a serving of calamari (golden rings) spring roles and stuffed chicken wings, every single dish was flavorful with a great texture. I will be back again and again.This place always has open tables but don't be deceived, it is very good, possibly the best Thai food in the city. I loved the soft shell carb entree in the re curry sauce, the green papaya salad and the crab rangoons. Ask the server for suggestions he is always very helpful. The prices are higher but not when you see how much food you get. I hate that this place doesn't have a more regular following.I've always loved Baan Thai. The food is excellent and the service pleasant. So, I recommend them. Today, I brought someone to the restaurant who had never been. They had a service dog with them. The host attempted to turn us away. We alerted them to ADA regulations. He consulted with someone in the back and then seated us. He was cold to us from that point forward.
I'm not saying do not patronize but they must be more familiar with the law as it relates to... everything.I just got delivery tonight from Baan. I ordered the Veggie Tofu Green curry and Mun Too (fried sweet potatoes served with sweet and sour peanut sauce).  The service was fantastic. I received my order very quickly. The food was good. I was expecting the green curry to be a little thicker, but it was still tasty.Gelatinous, Chinese takeout-style pad Thai. No spice at all although I specifically asked for it to be spicy. When I walked in to pick it up, the place was completely empty. I had to go back to the kitchen to find somebody and even then, had to wait a few more minutes for them to come out and take my money (the food was sitting on the table getting cold).Thank goodness for Baan Thai! We needed good, reasonable Thai around here. They don't disappoint.Baan Thai is a slightly above average Americanized Thai restaurant. 
Tom yum soup with shrimp 
This soup was oddly sweet and very mild in flavor. I asked for extra chilies and lime to get it to the correct spicy and sour intensity.
Papaya salad
The papaya salad was very fresh and had great texture. But once again, the flavors were lacking. I added lime, but it still needed dried shrimp and more fish sauce to be authentic. I can understand if Baan Thai omitted those ingredients to satisfy western palates unfamiliar with those flavors.
Pad kee mao
This was excellent. Spicy and a little sweet, the way it should be!
Massaman curry 
Ugh. This dish made me so sad. Massaman curry is my favorite food in the entire world. It should be beef stewed for a long time in a rich curry. The beef was cooked to order rather than stewed. I wish I could transport myself back to Thailand to eat this again...
I won't be making my way back to Baan Thai anytime soon. If anyone knows of a more authentic place, please let me know! This Thai girl is feeling homesick...Ordered yellow curry fried rice and steamed veggi wontons... the wontons were yummy ... the fried rice too was nice mild and served hot... the ambience s quite and relaxing... 
oly bad part was it was tough to get parking space...Came here on a Sunday for early dinner. Very chill and quiet byob spot.  We ordered soup , beef skewers on a stick and i ordered a sea food pot. Everything was very good and the service was very good.Good lunch special. Loved the peanut dressing and basil fried rice.This might be my new favorite restaurant in No Libs! My roommate and I ordered take out (we picked it up) and it was ready in 15 minutes. Very reasonably priced for the portion size. I do not know much about "authentic" Thai food so I cannot attest to the authenticity, however everything we had was absolutely delicious. I had chicken satay and firecracker shrimp (both appetizers). My roommate had yellow curry with chicken. The satay was juicy and had a delicious peanut dipping sauce. It came with a refreshing cucumber salad. The shrimp were wrapped in wonton wrappers, deep fried, and served with plum sauce. The shrimp were large and the dipping sauce was amazing! I was tempted to double dip. My roommates curry was awesome. It was not skimpy on the chicken which was a relief! I can't wait to go back to Baan Thai and eat in!I'm a transplant from another continent and I can surely tell you that out of all the plates of food that I have eaten Baan Thai's entrees are among the top. Bring some white and or red wine and enjoy the ambiance indoor it outdoor in this northern liberties gem.I'm not typically the kind to write reviews, good or bad, but this place was amazing. Right in the middle of Liberties Walk, the prices are hard to beat. Delicious food at a great price - enough said. My girlfriend and I got the crab Rangoon to start (highly recommended) and the special which was choo chee talay. Very very nice place. Make sure to bring your favorite bottle of Riesling!The angel wings are the most delicious thing on the planet. I have to get them once a month. I highly recommend this place the food is amazing.I have ordered the lunch specials many times.  I have never been disappointed.  The quality of the meal is great - and the customer service is always top notch.  Thank you!The service is always courteous and friendly coupled with a delicious selection of Thai food. The lunch special contains an appetizer, salad, and entree ranging from $10-12. One of the best lunch special deals in the area for sure. As for dine-in, there's a dim ambiance with a minimal layout which would be great for a date.The food was perfectly fine but whatever it was is not authentic Thai, or even the moderately Americanized Thai food you can usually rely on.  The service was good and the food tasted fine, just didn't do anything to cure my craving for Thai!Good food, friendly staff, awesome lunch special! You get salad, choice of soup or appetizer, and an entree for roughly $10. Can't beat that! I definitely will be going back.Delicious!!! Highly recommend the eggplant with shrimp. Came on Valentine's Day, speedy service and they even gave us chocolate covered strawberries at the end of our meal.I went here to pick up soup - their Tom Kha with tofu. It was quite delicious and their service was quick. I can't say I'm giving a thorough review since I didn't eat there and only had their soup.This was by far the best Thai restaurant I've eaten at. The service was great and the food was made with love. The flavors were bold and the prices were reasonable. I ordered the red curry sauce with seafood, it was the best choice. There was fried fish and steamed mussels, shrimp and squid. The flavors were so intense in this dish. The mango chicken was also good and the meat wasn't dry and bland like most places. This is a hidden gem, Byob was a good touch to enjoy the environment. I will be returning as a regular customer.Again great food! Good customer service. Pad thai is to die for!This restaurant has been on the short list since moving to the neighborhood about a year ago.  It's on the Liberty walk, decorated simply, spacious and absolutely immaculate.  All those things are great but really it's about the food and it didn't disappoint, 3 apps shared and two entrees for a very reasonable price (it's a BYOB too which is nice) and my only regret is not having made it in any sooner!  This is probably the go-to Thai place now considering I haven't really found any Thai places I love in Philly since moving here a handful of years ago.  Enjoy.Nice space, good solid traditional curries and noodle dishes.  Wonderful lunch special!This place has lunch down! I coordinated an office order for 5 people, and as I was reading off the items by number, the girl taking the order knew what each thing was and what options it had. I always get nervous about placing large orders ordering, and especially here with so many options. The lunch special is $10 or $11 depending on which protein you choose, you have a choice of appetizer or soup, a salad and entree. You can also specify how spicy you want something. The food showed up to my door in under 30 minutes (how is that possible?!?!) and everything was right on, no screw ups or forgotten items! My meal was the salad with peanut dressing, I would buy thus dressing by the gallon if I could. The Tom kha soup was the perfect spicy sour veggie filled broth. My entree was mixed veggies with shrimp and rice in a garlic sauce (2 star spicy made it amazing!) next time I'll ask them to leave out the baby corn though. 
We will definitely make this one of our Friday lunch delivery spots from now on!This place has decent thai food. We got the tom kha which is standard and good, but overpriced for a small bowl ($6) the salad with glass noodles was yummy and reasonably priced. For dinner we got the crispy duck and the pad thai. I liked the style of pad thai bc it wasn't overly sweet and it had the right amount of tang. As for the duck I was disappointed. You can tell it was just reheated and had microwave rubbery texture. No crispness at all. Since it's pretty expensive here for mediocre food, I prob won't be back. If you want duck stick to china town. I've yet to find a thai place with quality duck. The service was good and they gave us free cupcakes, so it wasn't all that bad. Just be careful what you order.We sat outside on a Friday around 6pm and there was plenty of available seating. We ordered the spring rolls as an appetizer and they were as expected, but the sauce that came with the spring rolls was surprisingly bright and flavorful.  I had the yellow curry with tofu and brown rice. It was excellent.  My boyfriend had the Fisherman's Lover and that was fantastic, too.  Everything that was served to us was presented very nicely.  You can tell that people with pride work there. Service was IMPECCABLE.  I highly recommend this restaurant.This place is as reliable as a wood burning stove; the food and service is always perfect. I go here at least monthly, it is a staple of NoLibs.The sampler app was all fried.. Get the chicken satay instead.  Usually pretty busy when I've walked by.  The time we went, the restaurant was hosting a very large party, so understandably service was a little slow.  This is a BYOB, so bring extra wine to sip while you wait.We dropped in for lunch on a saturday afternoon.  The pow pad thai (dish#1) was excellent!  Good service and good portions.I order delivery from Baan Thai usually 2-3 times a month. It's my go to spot for fairly good Thai food. I enjoy the food but have to say I've had better (tho I'm from NYC where Thai is amazing). It's great if your looking for quick delivery. Sometimes they make it to my apartment within 20-30 minutes of ordering (and I live prolly 10-15 blocks from the place!). Just wish the food was a little more fresh but don't get me wrong it's definitely worth trying...An awesome Thai place that delivers (even to zip 19134)! Ordered the spring rolls, golden ring, steamed pork dumplings, Hi Ma Parn and everything was on point. We will definitely order from here again!We had dinner here this past weekend and have had take-out (delivery) once as well. I love this place. It is standard very good Thai food. Circles is good but their menu is limited and a little quirky. I prefer the variety of options and the more the traditional preparations at Baan Thai. We are thrilled to finally have a Thai restaurant in the neighborhood that also delivers. The restaurant is nice. Well decorated and comfortable with traditional music playing which I love.Excellent all around!
Authentic Thai food from Awesome Thai people.
After living in Thailand I know what to look for.
Best Thai in Philadelphia!!
Baan Thai is as real as it gets!!I love this place.  I decided on this with a friend when she mentioned her neighbors had been raving about it.  It was a beautiful spring night so we decided to walk from Fishtown and it was an easy walk.  Being a weeknight, it was pretty quiet but we were happy to be able to eat out side and enjoy the weather.  
We shared a papaya salad which was really very good.  The somewhat spicy drunken noodles with shrimp (not extremely spicy but enough to make more interesting than we expected) was super.  We also shared an incredibly enjoyable crispy blns duck with tamarin sauce and the two main dishes really complimented each other.  Service was nice and very friendly.  
We were both pleasantly surprised how good our meal was and excited to have a good thai place in the area.
*side note: walking from Fishtown, we stopped at bottle bar east and picked up a bottle of good beer to go with Thai and they suggested  "trade winds" , a tripel belgian style ale brewed with rice and thai basil.  IT WAS SO GOOD WITH OUR MEAL!
I am glad this is a BYOB restaurant for sure.Good Thai food, definitely more of the traditional family owned feel and style food that I prefer.  There's some other modern/fusion Thai available in the area, but it's far more expensive and I prefer this style anyway.  They deliver free in the area, and it's always really fast.  I live just a block off the Liberties Walk so this is one of my go to joints.Aw man me and my date definitely enjoyed it!  The roasted duck was delicious and the MoneyBags was top 5 ever in appetizers loleverything we ate was delicious. the veggies were fresh and cooked well! high quality food, byob, and they have outdoor seating.Ordered take out from here tonight for the first time. 
Service was pretty fast (around 30 mins) came right to the door. 
Food quality & taste was pretty good, but there was a few things to note:
- red curry with chicken: tasty, wish the curry sauce was a little thicker but would order again
- pad Thai with shrimp: flavor was good, but noodles were a bit over cooked and clumped together, also there was big chucks of tofu when I would have expected more shrimp 
- money bag (fried appetizer): husband loved these, tasty chicken and shrimp filling and well fried
Overall, pretty decent so would order from here again if I'm craving Thai.They never have any business so I don't know if they will make it but their food really is good. Now that Circles changed their menu and upped their prices exorbitantly, Baan Thai has been getting all my business. For under $10 at lunch time, you get a salad, soup/app, and entree. All great portions as well. Get the peanut sauce salad. Peanut butter makes all greens that much more tolerable.
The tom yum looked great but I had the crunchy tofu. The dipping sauce for that was addictive.
Penang was perfectly spicy and flavorful. Wish they had massaman curry but penang will do. 
Just a really good place to go if you are craving Thai on the cheap.First time here, this place was great! Clean, service was awesome, friendly staff. Usually we don't get this kind of service at this price point. We got the sampler platter and the pad Thai. Fair warning, they have their own little twist to pad Thai, the sauce is more sweet and sour than what you may be used to.The food here is great. One of the best Thai restaurants in the city. It is a little more expensive than most Thai restaurants but this is partly due to its location in northern liberties. I highly recommend trying it out!Do yourself a favor and grab some friends, a few bottles of wine, and head over to Baan Thai on a Friday or Saturday night before heading to the No Libs bars.
Their pad thai is just what you want in a PAC thai. Just the right amount of seasoning and you can kick it up a notch if you choose. Appetizers are affordable and service is great!I was debating how many stars to give it. I got the chicken pad Thai and mango sticky rice. I had them make it and it was a pick up order. While I was very happy about the speed in which it was all made, I wasn't entirely impressed by the food. My pad Thai seemed like it was missing something and the crunchy bean sprouts didn't seem to have that zing I needed. Not the best Thai I've ever had but it's decent enough. The price shocked me. For one person; one dish of pad Thai and one serving of mango rice got me to $19.45. Seems like a huge rip off. The servings weren't even that big! I think back on it and I want to know what the hell did I pay $20 for?! For one person take out no less.Had spicy pad see euw. They promised spicy and it was! So few restaurants make good pad see euw but it was great. We also had a tamarind duck dish that was good (and I am not usually a fan of duck) and several delicious appetizers. The people who worked there were super friendly, and the fact that it was BYOB was a big plus. Well-priced and worth the money. First good Thai I had in Philly among several well-reviewed places. Would definitely go back when I am in Philly!Small cozy place with great food, great atmosphere, and fast & respectful service. I got the PAD-ROUM-MITT with the steamed pork dumplings and everything was fantastic. I will be going back and you should try it too.This place is amazing and so close to our house, we can walk!   We started out with their Spring rolls (3)  with a wonderful sweet and sour dipping sauce.  He chose Tom Yam with chicken a spice hot and sour soup and I chose Wonton Soup..with 4 homemade wontons!  We split the Pad Kee Mao (Drunken noodles) and walked away feeling perfect and well fed.  Can't wait to return to try more.  Very, very Good!!!Best Thai I've had in Philly so far! Just make sure to ask for the spice level that you want, that has made all the difference for me. The only thing I haven't liked so far are their appetizers. All noodle dishes I've had have been great!Baan Thai is hands down the best Thai food in Philadelphia. I've been there several times and I'm never disappointed. The service is great and the food is even better. Literally, everything I've ordered has been delicious. The prices are very reasonable and to top everything off, it's BYOB. You really can't beat that.
Fun note - On Valentine's Day my family came to the restaurant and as usual, the food was excellent. We told our server to give our compliments to the chef and to our surprise, we were given a complimentary dessert. It's little things like that that keep you coming back.I'm a convert and happy about it (thanks Leo!).  The sacred Thai place that shall-not-be-named holding such sway over critics in Philly is good, but for tasty food at a great price point with personable service, get your butt over here.  
The location is lovely: in the mix but not totally frat-happy.  They have outdoor seating.  It's byob and yummy to boot.  What's not to like?  In addition, they have a killer lunch specials menu that looks divine with tons of options.I had to give Baan 5 stars because I have been to Circles 5 or 6 times and would give them 4.  I like their curry moathirst it tastes more authentic to me.   All 3 of us that went decided it had the edge on Circles.Decent pad see ew, spring rolls and chicken satay. But avoid the pad Thai at all costs.  Honestly, the worst pad Thai I've ever eaten.  It was orange in color and had a really funky taste all around.Great Thai!! I had the drunken noodles and it was great!! The service was also nice. If you like Crab Rangoon I recommend it 10/10 here!The food is quite good, but just as important, the service is great. I always kind of debate between here and Circles, but for a few dollars less  and friendlier people, this wins.
Tonight I opened my order to find they had written "Happy Valentine's Day" on my take out box and included a free giant chocolate covered strawberry. My only valentine, so sweet.Excellent Thai, friendly staff.  They accommodate larger parties easily. Get the tom Kha if you like coconut.Ordered a thai basil rice dish from here a few weeks ago for delivery -- I was very pleased! Larger portion, great for dinner that night and lunch the next day. I would recommend their takeout!Great taste and value! My new goto Thai place in the city! :) Loved the Tom Kha soup, Thai iced tea and money bags! Great service and beautiful decor too!I haven't given many one star reviews but unfortunately this place deserves it. The workers are all very nice but the food was awful. I had the drunken noodles with chicken and my wife had the chicken pad thai. Both came in a red sauce that tasted like generic ketchup. There was no brown sauce that both dishes are generally made in. Both dishes were awful. Its pretty hard to make bad pad Thai and bad drunken noodles but both happened here. Circles and Tamarind are far superior.