If I could give this a 0 star review I could. Dinner for two ended up being 60 bucks for food that was sub par at best. Our waiter who may have been the owner refered to in other reviews was flat out rude. He insulted my dining companion and ignored us after our food was ordered.
There are no descriptions of anything on the menu and then when the food came and it wasn't what we wanted we got insulted. 
The drinks were fine but no where near worth what they charge.  
Stay away.I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars since I am vacillating between three and four stars.
The set-up is just weird. I suppose not having the entrance right on 15th and South provides easier disguise for the waiters to run across the street to the parent establishment for any additional needs. Otherwise, I enjoy the random knick-knacks around like the parent establishment, though this place has church pews.
We received roasted peppers while we waited for our food. I ordered the lobster pizza along with my ginger beer while my friend ordered the tuna burger. Something was missing from the pizza , though I can't place exactly what. But I'm sure if it was added, I would have LOVED the pizza. My friend was underwhelmed with this tuna burger.
I do have to give them credit for creativity and friendly service.Note: This review is based solely on a visit for drinks. 
Late Saturday night we went to the Baja Room for just some drinks having already filled our bellies with BBQ. Since I was so tremendously stuffed there was no way I was drinking beer, so I ordered a margarita that was supposed to be good there. Well the grumpy old bartender served me up one in what looked like the tall thin glass jars that the religious candles usually come in. You know the ones you buy a the supermarket in the ethnic foods aisle, with Our Lady of Guadalupe and saints you've never heard of on them. I thought that was cool but after my first sip I was grossed out. Way too sour, as if it was 3/4s sour mix. And since my bf paid for it and wasn't even drinking himself, I forced it down. A friend that also had one even joked that it was so sour because the dude behind the bar made them with his sour attitude. Only she said it much funnier, trust me. 
Since the small dining area was already filled up we headed out back. Such a cute little patio area with picnic tables and all kinds of kitchy Mexican things decorating the space, topped off with some old school big bulbed multi colored Christmas lights. Very welcoming. The servers were great, and after a friend ordered a fresh watermelon margarita (the watermelon was literally sitting on top of the bar and we watched her cut it up for the drink) I just had to have one. Way better than the regular one I forced down. So yummy and you could really taste the watermelon. Next time I hope we make it here for some eats. And of course that delicious watermelon margarita.I don't know why so many people give this place a poopy rating. I always have a good time coming here and chilling in the outdoor patio area. The food is always on point and the drinks are large, strong and DELICIOUS! They have the BEST margaritas I've ever tried at a restaurant (aside from the ones my boyfriend and I make at home!). I always enjoy being able to take my time and chill - I love how this place never gets too crowded to become a nuisance. I've been coming here for many years now and will definitely be back again!PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE!!! THEY DO NOT DESERVE YOUR MONEY!!!
To preface this review, we went right after the PIFA street fair on a Saturday night. I understand that it's not a normal night, so I know they were swamped all day. However, this does not excuse the terrible service and the terribly long wait times. I would have preferred to be turned away than to get the service we got. Here's the summary: I would never recommend this place to anyone I liked or hated.
We got a table for a group of 9 at around 9 pm, which is after the normal dinner crowd. We got seated and immediately ordered Margaritas (which they were out of and needed to squeeze more fruit) and two pitchers of Sangria. The sangria pitchers were $28 each--we didn't realize until we got 3 menus for our group about 5 minutes after we ordered them. I had to use my iPhone to look up a menu because it took so long for the server to get back to us. The phone made it all the way around the table before we got our 3 menus for the table. The next time we saw our server was at least ten minutes later and the server told us they were out of the pork and octopus. We then ordered 3 guacamole appetizers and dinners for everyone.
Twenty minutes later, no drinks, no water, no food. Thirty minutes later, still an empty table. The server told us they were out of pork and octopus, so we had to adjust our orders. Ten more minutes pass, but tables that got seated after us got drinks and guac. Finally, almost an hour after we sat down came the two pitchers of Sangria. They were tasty, for sure, but at least half the pitcher was ice and it was not enough for the 9 of us to each get a full 8 ounce plastic cup of it. Then came back and told us they were out of rancheros (wtf?) and rice (double wtf? it's a mexican restaurant), and something else--I can't remember, but it was equally ridiculous.
We had to badger our server for guacamole and because they put the orders in based on the number of items you put in, we didn't get ours even though people seated after us got food already. In fact, some in our party had to go to a corner store to get chips and snacks we were so hungry, which should have been a sign to leave. Finally, two orders of guacamole show up only because we told them to just bring out one if that's what we could get. This was about an hour after we ordered.
The chef/manager (who knows) comes and tells us that they ran out of another dish (sea scallops and tilapia fajitas). They tried to push haberno seasonedd mako shark, but also insisted that there was enough food ordered for the table that our friends didn't need to order more food. They chose to get the tuna fajitas instead.
After at least an hour and 30 minutes some of the entrees start to trickle into the table. However, our friends that ordered the sea scallops initially didn't get their food. After 10 minutes we finally saw another staff member and told them that not all of our meals had arrived and he asked if we still wanted the tuna. If it we still did, it would be fast (unlike any experience we had at the restaurant so far).
So about an hour and a half after we ordered, the last of us was served. The food was definitely tasty, but I would NEVER wait more than an hour for it. Immediately after we got the last dish we asked for the check.
We got the check and saw that we were OVERCHARGED for the $28 sangria pitchers, they were $28 each on the menu, but we were charged $66 for the two. That is some motherfucking bullshit. I wasn't expecting to be comped anything, although a respectable establishment would've done so, but to be overcharged for a sangria full of ice is reprehensible! They also added the tax to the total before added the 20% automatic gratuity--also bullshit, the server didn't do anything to deserve tip on the tax.
TL;DR: 
-TERRIBLE SERVICE. No one even apologized for the any of the below
-waited half an hour for drinks
-pitcher of sangria was half ice
-waited 45 minutes for fewer orders of guac than we ordered
-members of our party went to a store, bought snacks 45 minutes into dinner and still got back before the food arrive
-ran out of at least 5 things we ordered
-took an hour and a half from ordering until everyone got their food
-charged the mandatory gratuity including the tax
-tried to overcharge us on drinks
Here is the facebook comment thread about our "dining" experience:
http://i.imgur.com/S7RmG.pngFeeling the need to wash ourselves of a very long 12 hour nursing shift, a friend and I stumbled into this little place after deciding that the hipster/biker crowd at Bob and Barbara's was just not for us. Unfortunately, I had left my skinny scrubs at home that day.
Being a Wednesday evening, the restaurant wasn't populated by too many other parties and we were seated on the back patio where we enjoyed the eclectic collection of bric-a-brac that goes for decor and numerous strands of twinkly lights. We ordered a STAT round of margaritas which were topped with fresh mint and lime wedges. They didn't seem particularly strong at the time, but my coma-like sleep later that night tells me you're in for a kick in the pants later if you consumer multiples.
We ordered the cheese, bean, and guacamole nachos and sushi-grade tuna tacos to share. Both were delicious! The nachos were crisp and topped with generous helpings of beans, cheese, and guacamole so that you weren't left munching naked chips by the time you'd dug through the pile. The tuna tacos were surprisingly refreshing - quickly seared/rare tuna on light flour tortillas, topped with fresh tomato salsa. Rice, refried beans, and a grilled plantain come on the side. 
The atmosphere was just what we were looking for after work - laid back, where we wouldn't be pestered to eat quickly and move on. The night air was just a bit warm and you couldn't help but feel cocooned sitting on the back patio hidden by the picket fence. The place has a certain unpretentious charm and broken-in-ness that makes me want to come back again.The reviews of this place are all over the map, which made me a bit apprehensive.  And yet... when your intrepid correspondent's climbing party got back to the neighborhood sometime after ten on a pleasant Summer night, there weren't a lot of choices.  (I mean, coming from Boston, I thought that anyplace would be later.  Guess I was wrong.)
The ceviche and lobster quesadilla were tasty and big, which is what we were looking for, and the sangria is pretty good.  (On the other hand, messing up sangria seems like an almost impossible level of malpractice.)
Plus, somehow the color of the ugly stucco building the Baja Room is in actually works well for the faux Mexican decor of the patio, which is around the back.  I'll definitely return and update if things are uncooked or whatever, but my first experience was worth four stars.This place is actually called "Original El Rey @ the Baja Room."  Yelp has 2 names for same restaurant...  I almost didn't review this place because I hoped the few bad reviews would keep people away and thus guarantee me a seat in the small space anytime i go... but i decided that wouldn't be fair. 
Fresh, delicious, authentic and unique South American-inspired food.  NOT the typical Americanized "mexican" restaurant.  Very original, and very good all around.  Insanely good margaritas with all kinds of fresh fruit around the rim.  We had a table of 4 people, and the pitcher was apporox. $33, which beat $10 per glass.  We never finished the pitcher and we were very satisfied and tipsy.  Good quality tequila and home-made mix with fresh fruit.
The entrees were very high quality, and very inexpensive (you can get entrees for between $10 to $19 - not at all expensive).  The awesome funky music and decor made the atmosphere exceptional.  We will be back again and again and again....Uninformed service. Service extremely slow. We sat at the table for almost an hour before we were served even water just to be told that they were out of a lot of stuff on the menu. We waited 45 minutes for our drinks and got two pitchers instead of the three we ordered. Food quality was average.Never know what the actual place is called.... Baja Room at Pico de Gallo or Baja Room at El Rey, the original El Rey.  El Rey is what is on the tee shirt Michael, the owner, bartender, manager, etc gave us the first time we went there on Cinco de Mayo last year.  Immediately fell in love.  The ambiance is bizarre with Day of the Dead paraphernalia everywhere plus some other interesting items.  The first time we went there, there was fruit spread out all over the bar so no one could sit there.  We were sitting in church pews but they have since added new chairs.  Michael runs around with aviators and a Dallas Cowboys hat on, constantly aiming to please each customer.  He has an Albanian server that is excellent as well.  
The food gets better each time I've gone.  The enchiladas in particular are excellent.  The menu is bizarre and includes items "as enjoyed by Susan Sarandon" or other celebrities.  Michael claims he knew her from New York as she loved his cooking.  The margaritas are big and usually include large pieces of fruit.  They aren't cheap though.  Overall, the prices are a little high, but I don't mind, as they ambiance, food, and drinks make up for it.  There's a nice patio outback which is the usual entrance to the restaurant as well, as the front door is usually baracaded in some way.  Nothing but good things to say about this place, as it has become my favorite mexican restaurant to go to, even just for a drink and the bizarre entertainment!
Also, if you get lucky enough to be there on a night where Raymond, the "DJ" is there, cherish that time.  He is an old man similar in looks to 'Blue' from Old School and plays with records in the back but there is a jukebox so....We just had the WORST dinner we've eaten in Philadelphia at this establishment. The service was pretty bad (happens in Philly), but the food & drinks were disgusting at best. 
We ordered a traditional margarita on the rocks and received a glass of lime juice over ice. After asking for another the waiter/manager/bartender took our glass, added a splash of tequila, and said he made some "adjustments" before returning the same margarita.  
The chips with the guacamole were stale and the chicken burrito was basically a whole chicken breast wrapped in a tortilla with a small amount of rice and beans. The chicken hadn't been cut up and there was little flavor to the rice & beans. The burrito was served with perhaps a teaspoon of guacamole and salsa on the side. 
They were expecting a "large" party in 40 minutes and the waiters spent our entire time there shifting tables around to accommodate smaller parties that were arriving before their "large" party.  This shifting consisted of them moving the table next to us away, back, and away again as well as the waited literally breathing down my neck as we rushed to clear our table.  
We returned home thinking that our cat would have a better dinner than we had. 
Do the smart thing and go ahead to Chipotle or Qdoba when you're looking some mexican food and don't want to commit to El Rey or La Calaca Feliz.Good place for a margarita for sure! Nice and strong on the rocks.  I stopped in the with a bud while waiting for the US Airways' four hour delay on my flight through Philly. My wet burrito was huge, filling, and pretty heavy. I actually loved the Guac and chips here more than anything. The place is very small so don't come in with some huge party or at peak hours expecting quick seating.
I think my favorite thing about this place is the host that greeted us. He welcomed my friend by name, told her she spent too much time texting, and then he scampered off looking like a mix of your favorite uncle and Elvis.Love this place - always have a great meal here!
Love the decor and the staff, always friendly and nice to deal with. The inside dining room can get a little cramped but if the weather is okay their outside patio seats alot more people and opens up the whole place.
I love their food - the Pumpkin Mole Chicken, Roasted Chicken Enchilada, "Mexican Dinner" and the Lobster Quesadilla are my favorites although there are many other dishes to enjoy as well.
Michael (the owner) is a great guy and goes out of his way to make sure everyone is taken care of.
Highly recommend this place for aweome Mexican food!$5 for a soda.  Another $5 for a refill (which tasted like water, because the syrup had run out of their machine).  Mediocre food at best, also overpriced.  Never going to this place again.The location is right by my dining partner's house....so I'm always tempted to go here.The ambiance and decorations are really fun. 
the major caveat is the price.
the drinks are mind blowingly expensive. the food is very expensive, too.
If you are dating an older man...you should take him here.Oops, I was here a while ago & neglected to finish my review.... better late than never!
They had a nice patio & it was a good place for a summertime drink with friends.  Snacks were good -- fine but not outstanding.It was late on a Friday night and my boyfriend and I had just arrived in Philly for a weekend with my brother who lives just around the corner from Baja Room.  We all love margaritas so we figured we would head down the street.  We weren't expecting anything over the top, just a nice place to grab a drink and catch up.  The place looked closed when we arrived so we walked around the building to see if there was another entrance.  With no luck we walked back around to the front, the door swung open, and we were greeted by the owner, Michael.  The place was empty but as soon as we got in, he put us is a seat by the window, lit a few candles, cued up the jukebox and brought us some snacks while we waited for our drinks.  Then, he brought us our margaritas and well, we were all blown away.  They were incredibly fresh and tart, just how I like them.  Another gentleman named Joe who worked at Baja came over and explained that all the margaritas are made with fresh squeezed juice, YUM!  It seems to be the secret to a perfect margarita.  
After two rounds I somehow got to talking to Michael and Joe who were sitting at their own table close to ours.  We were getting along swimmingly so they  invited all of us to sit with them, even offered to buy us a drink.  So we all sat together laughing and telling stories until almost 4:00am.  The hospitality couldn't have been better!  I hope to make this a go-to place when we are in Philly.We tried this restaurant for dinner last Thursday night and the 4 of us really loved the experience.  The atmosphere was lively and the music was festive.  The environment instantly put us in a good mood and we were having fun right away.  We ordered the guacamole and chips to start and a round of drinks.  I had the margarita - which was made with real fruit juice, not sour mix - it was delicious!  The price was not - I believe it was $10 which is too high for this neighborhood.  I think if they priced the drinks around $5 -7 that would be more fair - even though it was tasty.  The beers were huge - and also cost $10, again a little too high.  
The guacamole was ok, but needed a little more zip, it didn't have a lot of flavor - this could easily be fixed.  They should try to make it more creatively like the guacamole at El Vez - goat cheese on top, etc.  The main entrees were delicious and this made up for the bland guacamole and expensive drinks.  I had the tuna fajitas and they were delicious - I like to eat healthy when I go out and this dish was not greasy or oily at all.  It tasted fresh and light.  The combination of ingredients was flavorful and unique, there was an herb or spice that tasted a like mint and it really enhanced the taste of the food.  The portion sizes were large enough to take some home which is always nice.  I'm tired of paying high prices for tiny plates of food at Philly restaurants. Overall,  I really enjoyed my meal.  My friend ordered the pork fajitas and they looked amazing. I often say I only go to a restaurant once b/c I like to try new things, but I would consider going back to try the pork and share the experience with others.  The outside area looked like it would be fun in the summer.
Recommendations for the very friendly and hospitable owner (he served us): 
1.  Pick one name for the restaurant and stick with it.  If you want people to know who you are you have to stick with one name.  Currently we are calling it by 3 names when recommending it to friends: Original El Rey, Baja Room and Pico de Gallo.  Choose one.  
2.  Spice up your guacamole, get creative and try different ingredients than the norm - very popular right now with foodies.
3.  Drop the price of your alcoholic drinks.  Your entrees are priced well, but people feel ripped off paying $10 for a drink at a not so fancy restaurant.  You will improve your reputation, especially with the locals (like us).We've ended up here twice by accident and it always exceeded expectations and left us with memories to last a lifetime. The atmosphere of the outdoor patio dining was spendid yet subtle: Spanish catholic decor, cheap and colorful garden lighting over embellished picnic accents. And the food!Perfectly seasoned and seared meats, fresh cilantro, chunky guacamole, and flavorful salsas. Great for small get togethers if not for the drinks alone. Pitchers of either mojitos, sangria, margaritas, or one of each! There is zero pretense here, which I love especially in a city where Zagat is king and certain celestially named celebrity chefs have monopolized  their interpretation of a good restaurant. 
I've recently learned this place is currently not open. I hope its a seasonal thing and not permanent. Haven't been able to find any info out on the web, so if anyone knows if they'll be reopening soon, I would appreciate an update. Thank you :)It's like my friends and I were cruising down a long desert road, kicking up dust with our Chevy tires, when we stumbled upon a crooked wooden sign reading "bar" pointing into the questionable, arid horizon. 
Walking into Baja Room was like walking into the vampire bar in the movie From Dusk Til Dawn. With the exception of the two diners in the patio area (where they allow dogs!), my two friends and I were the only living souls in the kitschy Mexican themed dining room. The owner who greeted us wore aviators and a Top Gun camo t-shirt. At any given moment, I expected him to go out back and return with a bevy of seductive vampire women. Instead, he bought over a complimentary vegetable appetizer and a bucket of peanuts. 
The menu was bizarre (cactus burger, mussels, french fries, lobster quesadillas, black bean succotash burrito) and the "specials" board had hamburger, cheeseburger, grilled chicken breast making the cut. 
We ordered the mussels (at a Mexican restaurant, really?); corn tamales topped with beans, cheese, and a heaping scoop of guacamole; and the World Series nachos. Unlike the Phils, everything won except the nachos (the ground sirloin lacked flavor and the spice caught us off guard). 
For our margarita pitcher, our server ran across the street (to Pico de Gallo) to fetch it. When we settled up and asked to take our margaritas to go, they gladly obliged and put it in a plastic container. 
This place is just so bizarre, I love it.The hibiscus flower margarita led me to try this place and I was very happy I did.  The food was pretty authentic and everything was full of flavor.  The steak used for the fajitas was delicious.  It definitely had been marinated and could almost be cut with a fork.  The watermelon margarita is also fantastic.  The special margaritas change frequently based on what's in season and available.  
The back patio is a fun place to sit when the weather permits but the indoors is very crowded and not a great place for large groupsI'm going to have to go back to give this place a fair shake. My husband and I had dinner here on the even of hurricane Irene and since that seemed to be the topic of conversation from EVERYONE in the bar it did dampen (pun INTENDED) the mood. 
The food was alright. I like their menu- it was clever. I'm also pretty sure the owner was bartending and waiting tables that night, and he was pretty cool too. Unfortunately the margarita flavor of the day was pineapple, and of course I had to try it, but if there is a margarita flavor that should not exist- it's pineapple. Lesson learned. 
I'll be back to try this place again. The quesadillas looked amazing and now I'm reading that they're tasty as well. I need to check that out.Baja room has the same owner and is directly across from Pico de Gallo which used to be the best hole-in-the-wall Mexican food in the area.  A couple years ago Pico took a turn for the worst with the loss of their head cook and is now only mediocre.  Nonetheless I was excited when Baja room opened since I thought it had potential as a quality and affordable option.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  The food was horrific.  This is straight out of Kitchen Nightmares.  The complimentary cactus salad was slimy and tasted weeks old.  The lobster pizza was repulsing with the dough barely cooked, the cheese  still hard and the lobster dry and unrecognizable.  While I want this place to do well, it has no chance with food like this.Neat place. We went here for drinks after dinner, and it is definitely funky. It has a ton of character, the waitstaff is super nice and the margaritas are fresh and delicious! 
We got a dessert trio--and let me just say--i had the most delicious apple pie  I have ever eaten. WOW. 
This place is not fancy. This place is not spacious. It's a neighborhood joint with a great vibe and good eats. 
The door is blocked because they got robbed a few times, so I forgive them for that. I think it's worth checking out.Oily food, super slow service and $10 draught beers.  They don't put a price on their draught list, so you're definitely in for a surprise when you get the bill.  Manager is a sleazy looking dude that you probably wouldn't want to argue with for fear of having your credit card number sold to some identity fraud ring. Two stars for the 3-4 big tables outside, which are nice during good weather.Our service was great and we got a seat outside immediately. Our food was correct as ordered and came out in a reasonable time.
We ordered the pork fajitas and the fish tacos. Both were very tasty, although my fish had a very fishy i.e. salty flavor pocket that was almost overpowering, but for the most part everything was very tasty. The fajita portion was very nice with lots of peppers and tomato and a big pineapple slice.
So for the food and service - a solid 3, maybe even a four, so far.
Ordering a draft beer, no price listed, and having it be $11 seems rather steep. $11 for Belgium or German specialty beer ok. Not ok for beer that tastes like water. Sort of a rude surprise but forgivable considering our food was good.
I wish I would have read the review about Baja not being good for kids before hand. It's certainly casual and our kiddo was highly entertained by the decor. However, be very, very, very careful about ordering anything with asking specifically what the price is. We ordered a cheese quesadilla, which consisted of a smallish tortilla with cheese on top, open faced, which we got charged $14 for. Considering it was the same price as the other two entrees, both of which had meat, we were astonished. How in the world do you justify one tortilla and a half-cup of cheese for $14?
We might return, although I think you get more for your money at El Fez. And I feel a little taken advantage of, actually, which just may keep us from going back.While I enjoyed the food, the service was slow and my food preceded the silverware. Much to my dismay the draft beer (and there is only one) cost $11. While it appeared to be at least 20 ounces - this was not indicated on the menu or I would have ordered a bottle of beer instead. Again the fajitas was grilled perfectly the fish was fresh and tender but food alone does not make a good restaurant.This_place_is_wild. Completely bizarre experience with pretty good food! Thanks to a previous poster I avoided the $5 soda. It was for real, with no free refills. Which is wild. We had great chips, good salsa and great guacamole. I had shrimp fajitas which was excellent. It had a GIANT grilled pineapple slice in the middle! My partner got chicken enchiladas which she said were good but not enough sauce.
The bizarre vibe started when we entered in the patio. You kinda wind through the back of the restaurant and have that feeling, should we be here? Then they literally push you into your seats and the tables, chairs fit in very precisely... and leave no room for creativity. So, you go where they tell you. Then when we had paid, the guy came over to refill my water, which I wanted and the owner screamed at him, "Put that down! They paid, they are DONE! STOP." Um, ok, guess we'll leave. But because I like weird places I'll probably go back.I was in philadelphia for the weekend with several friends. We were on our way to the club, but we wanted to get something to eat in the area. So we stumbled upon this restaurant because it also had a bar. First of all, when a customer orders food and doesn't like it, you don't argue with us from behind the bar and then tell us that you will only pay for half of the entree. A REAL manager would have came from behind the bar, showed us some respect, and took care of us so that we could've said something great about it and maybe returned for another visit in the future. Our server was ok, but the manager/owner was extremely rude and disrespect. We literally had to get real IGNORANT with him to get some respect, and then did he finally decide to take the entree off the bill. We asked them to split the check and they wouldn't do that either!!! 
I could go on and on about this mistake of a place, but I wouldn't send anyone there if it was the last restaurant on earth. The service is horrible, the manager is rude as hell, and there is a serious lack of leadership. The prices are too damn high as well. Save your money and go to taco bell!!!!My margarita was $9, but everything else about this place more than made up for it. 
I didn't eat when I was here, so I can't comment on that. But this place is tiny and kitschy and wonderful. You enter through the back down a long hallway which at first feels like maybe you went in the wrong way, but you're right. The restaurant is itself very small. We were greeted by the bartender (that I feel like was the owner too) and offered margaritas right away which was exactly what we wanted! the margaritas tasted just right. He made small conversation with us that was friendly and made me feel at home here even though it was my first time there. The guy who was playing some records came over and chatted a bit too. There was a grapefruit slice on my margarita and a reggae version of an Ace of Base song was playing. LOTS of awesome mexican decorations. It felt like I was in a cozy den of mexican awesomeness. very cool.I mean sure, I wasn't expecting to pay $9 for a margarita, but I loved everything else. Cozy, cleverly decorated, record player okaying, and amazing service. They ask you your name when you first sit down, and then they address you by it like you're old buddies for the rest of the night.
Extra plus, there was a chiminea out back!I really love this place. The food is amazing and the staff is wonderful. You can feel the difference both in the quality of the food and the level of service you love. After my 3rd time there, the staff knew me by name and greets me everytime I come in.This is the stiffest Margherita I've ever had.  Wow.  Zowy!
I don't know about the outdoor seating everyone else reviewed about, but I def want to check it out.  
Not much for veg/vegans, but what I had was delicious.  I had an eggplant dish with pumpkin mole sauce, and nachos with beans and guac.  The guac was very fresh and ample.  The mole sauce was amazing.  
Its a bit pricey, but you truly pay for quality.Quaint, cool place to come and chill-owner def on drugs but super nice and funny anyways. Waiters are mildly retarded but look the place has style, its different and serves as a little getaway from the asphalt jungle for a while, and food is off the hook. just make sure to order one thing at a time because otherwise your just giving the waitress a excuse to fuck up, i've warned yoU! tHEY play good music and its a great place to kick back and have a good time with great friends.While from the outside the place looked like it had a hoarding problem, the inside tells a very different story. We originally started for a night at the piano bar only to find out that it was closed. 
It was either a Thai place on south st or this. Glad we picked this .
The owner and the wait staff were really friendly. We had a hibiscus margarita and a jack Daniel mohito. Both drinks wowed us. The music in the background was just loud enough... For dinner, we had blue corn nachos and lobster fajita. Both were beyond our expectations 
Overall an Outstanding eveningUm, no, never again. I went with my boyfriend to the Baja Room and it was awful.  We loved the food at pico (though nothing else about the experience) so we wanted to give Baja a try.  We couldn't find anything interesting on the menu so we both ordered the same chicken quseadillas.  We were brought, two huge pizza sized qusedillas-- literally pizza sized flour base, cheese and chicken layer and flour top.  Two of them.  The waitress couldn't tip us off that one would be plenty for two?? And to make matters worse, they tasted awful.  Their tortillas tasted like paste and the chicken and cheese was bland.  No pico, no lettuce, no sour cream or topping of any kind.  EPIC FAIL.I'm obsessed with this place. It's so strange and lovely, and weird, in a good way. 
I did not eat here as we came here after dinner for drinks. However...
The drinks are humongous and delicious.
The old records that the owner plays are great.
The impromptu dancing while listening to old records is such a good time.
Nothing here makes sense which is why I love it.Great, laid back atmosphere and tasty, stiff, margaritas make for a fun after-work and weekend stop. Nearly every meal I've eaten has been great. The exception was a time I ventured way into the unusual chef's special.
Now that I'm not living in the city, Baja Room is one of my most missed stopsReally weird flavors for Mexican.  My burrito seemed to have something akin to oregano flavoring the chicken.  We also got the appetizer that was supposed to be guacamole but was more tomato.  Looked like they were trying to be El Vez in their presentation but it wasn't even that good.  The waiter, while attentive enough, gave one of those - everything on the menu is good - responses when asked for recommendations.  Glad I didn't order the mole.  Next time I'll either go to Chipolte or wait until I can catch Cafe Con Chocolate open.Went here last night with two friends after seeing a fringe show. We wanted a drink and a snack before heading home. What drew us in was the amazing smell on Mexican food from the sidewalk. We sat in the patio area. Which is quirky, kitschy and maybe a little cluttered feeling for my taste. Service was super slow even though it was 9:30 and there weren't more then two other tables filled outside. I don't know if our server had tables inside as well but it could explain why he was so mia for most of our time there.
We ordered a pitcher of margaritas (traditional) and I was looking to be wowed given the other yelper reviews on how strong and tasty they are. Honestly, I can say I did not like them at all and I love me a margarita! It was quite disappointing. We needed to as for more limes and squeezed a whole bunch in which made it better. At a steep price tag of $36 (after taxes) a pitcher I want to be wowed. And we even left with almost a half a pitcher full...that's how underwhelming they were! We also ordered a $13 plate of nachos with guacamole which were just okay. The guac was decent but the chips were a little too toasted for my taste and the cheese was hard instead of stringy and soft by the time it got to our table. I will say though, We did devour the whole plate. 
Overall I cannot say this place was a total bummer, but I definitely don't feel any compulsion to come back. The food seems overpriced to me, not all that great, and the service was slow. As for the vibe of the place, it was definitely relaxed and seemed like a nice neighborhood place with probably a lot of repeat customers. They just missed mark on too many points for me to want to spend my money here again.margaritas that come in those foot-high,  generally-wrapped-in-jesus/mary-motif, skinny candle jars. that's all anyone really needs to say about the Baja Room.  i will continue, though, because i would like to relive it just a little bit...
to continue on the margarita subject, we had several choices on that particular evening: watermelon (holy crap. not what you expect from watermelon flavored anything... so delicious!), apple-ginger (also, but not as, good), and traditional.  the waitress told us that they change up the flavors all the time. how exciting!! 
and by the way, the maitre d' (what is the term in Spanish?) was super friendly.  he led us right through the labyrinth that is the Baja Room and into the cool, air-conditioned dining room containing the most awesome church-pew seating i think i've ever seen (outside of Mexico).  and bonus, our waitress was a precious princess with at least a handful of helpful hints about the menu. 
so, the food... not as exciting as i would have hoped. no complimentary chips and salsa at this joint. (total bummer.) and my tuna tacos were more than just a little bit boring. my friend ordered a monstrous succotash and bean burrito. it, again, was a bit of a borefest.  there were multiple other items on the menu that sounded more exciting, so i will come back to give it a more fair shake on that end.  the drinks, however, are worth coming back for!!!If you're willing to endure exospheric food and drink prices, tragically unenthusiastic staff, hoarder-esque decor, cramped quarters, slow (and often botched) service, and a coked-up owner who doesn't know when to shut the hell up, the chicken enchilada was pretty good.  If you're one of the 3 people who though Pico de Gallo DIDN'T suck, you'll like it here.  Unfortunately, since there's only 3 of you, I hope you're all quite wealthy and have a powerful lust for $35,000 margaritas every night of the week.In reality, this should be two reviews. Maybe even three. But I digress. Try BR@PdG once. Then try it again a few weeks later. You might want to go across the PdG and experience the low bar. Then try BR@PdG again. Do this, and you will meet Mike from NYC, the owner of both establishments. Mike will wow you with his friendliness and verve and will make you feel like he alone is doing everything he can to pull together the best experience he can. But a good front house man can only go so far. 
My wife and I visited the day we moved to Philly. This was our first meal out as Philly residents (and we had high hopes of finding a contemporary to Charlottesville's Continental Divide . . . mmmm Santa Fe Enchilada). We were overwhelmed. The impression I got from the house staff (otherwise known as Mike) was that they had literally just opened, and the empty tables spoke to that. The epic portions of food we received also seemed to attest to a new establishment trying really hard. The mountain of Haas Guacamole was creamy, and chunky and heavenly. My entree was the Chicken Mole, if I could add a picture to this review you would see a standard sized lemon wedge dwarfed by a chicken breast as large as a hubcap. Growth hormones aside, the chicken was perfect and the subtle mole sauce incredible. The succotash served as a side was spicey and delicious (except for undercooked carrots). My wife's mushroom and chicken burrito was also massive, think Burritos Dos Manos of West Coast cuisine. The tortilla had this wonderful silkiness that contrasted nicely to the rough cut chunkiness of the filling but held together perfectly. All in all, we were impressed and thrilled. 
We went back last weekend . . . not so good. Mike was still there and his wait staff was a little more fleshed out. I'd done my research and learned that the BR@PdG had been open for sometime and had gotten several negative reviews since its opening. But we still had the memories of those wonderful flavors (I had even tried to recreate my own Mexican Succotash at home) and wanted to try again. We ordered the same dishes, and the trouble started from the word go. The guacomole was now more pitchers mound than mountain, and consisted of little more than a layer of jalapenos and red onion at the bottom of the tiny bowl and unseasoned pureed avocado atop the aromatics. But these are tough economic times, avocado prices are through the roof right? (They're not.) We can't give up on Mike because of cost cut backs! Then the entrees arrived. The chicken was now, just a chicken. No Gigantchick. Still perfectly fried, the lemon wedge was now nowhere to be seen and the mole had become insipid. And the burrito? Same enormous tortilla. Now wrapped around itself a dozen to times to form a bulky and filling yet mostly empty burrito. 
Consistency is far more important than some restaurateurs seem to understand. Say what you will about fast food, it's the same wherever and whenever you go. So if you like it, bully for you. The aforementioned Santa Fe Enchilada of Charlottesville's Continental Divide, is one of the finest dishes I've ever had and is as good as the first every time I order it. I had hoped the Baja Room would be my new CD, seems I'll just have to keep looking.It seems like this place can be either the best or worst place ever from other reviews. 
great inside, while small it was really quirky and a fun atmosphere. 
Food was ok, but not worth the $14 pricetag for 2 tuna tacos and some rice. Sangria was weak, and $33 for the pitcher. Overall, I was so wanting this place to be great, but was completely bummed out when my friend and I came for a snack and drinks,  split an entree and a pitcher and I shelled out 28 bucks for 2 weak drinks and one taco.I heard bad things about Pico de Gallo but decided to give this place a try a couple of weeks ago.  I was pleasantly surprised.
The decor was definitely not top-of-the-line, but from my experiences, it was very authentic.  If you prefer a place without wobbly tables that seems just as cookie-cutter as every other place, go there instead of Baja Room.  If you don't mind a less-than-spotless experience but want good authentic food and a unique experience, check this place out.
My girlfriend and I weren't starving so we split the seafood chipotle entree and some guacamole.  By the end of the meal we were trying as hard as we could to finish it off and just couldn't do it.  For a very reasonable price we got lobster, mussels, clams, an oyster, giant shrimp, and fish (I think it was tilapia or something simlilar) covered in a delicious buttery and peppery sauce, with some yellow and red peppers as well.
The waiter was super friendly and acommodating and even though he told us the seafood chipotle was big, he didn't warn us how big it was.  Three or four people could have eaten this monster.  I am excited to go back the next time I get a chance because if this dish is any indicator, this place has great portions, good quality, great service, and a great overall experience.  For the price, there's really no reason not to give it a shot.  Now I just need to get one of those margaritas I've been hearing about...super cute and the staff is great, but $30 for a pitcher of sangria is kind of rapey.WORST EVER!!!!!!!!  Service was terrible...no communication and super slow.  If you are out of chips, you should have said something after waiting 45 minutes for CHIPS.  My question is how the heck are you out of chips???? At a mexican place???.  Anyways, spent $30 on 5 small tacos and 2 tortillas drowning in cheese with 4 peices of shrimp (2 on each).  Food was barely OK.  With it being Philly, there are soooooo so many other places to go for sure.  Places with much better food, way better service and worth your money. I will never go back knowing that are far better mexican places in the city.I'm having a bit of a hard time reviewing this place. My friends raved about it before we went, so I had pretty high expectations. The menu also boasts of many celebrity loving specific dishes and the owner was very quick to tell us all about it.
The service was pretty slow. We had a group of 4 around 8:30-9:00 on a Wednesday, so it was not super crowded. Maybe they gave us time because we were chatting away, but it seemed like forever until we actually ordered. 
We ordered a watermelon margarita pitcher, which was around $30. Not the best I've had, but not terrible. A good deal for 3 of us to split and all have a few drinks. It was weird they didn't offer salt with the glasses, but by the time I realized, my drink had been poured. (Very picky of me to complain about, but I am a margarita lover!) I ordered the Mexican Dinner, which was a sampler platter of a few different things- chimichangas, taquitos, chalupas, plantains, beans, rice. I thought the food was satisfactory. 
If I had rated this meal right after eating it, it may have been a 3, but I took my leftovers home and my boyfriend informed me that when he was eating it, he found a piece of plastic and two very long, curly hairs in the food. Yes, it happens, but it definitely knocked it down to a 2 for me. There are plenty of other good Mexican places in the area, so I don't think I'll be jumping to go back here.Since the Baja Room now gets its own (well-deserved) spotlight, I thought I'd repost in the correct place.
We went to the Baja Room at Pico de Gallo about a month ago. The place opened up fairly recently and I didn't realize that it was associated with Pico de Gallo (across the street) until we left. I haven't been to PdG in years but heard that the place had gone downhill. The good news is there's a separate kitchen for the Baja room (not sure if the menu is any different), so whatever is going on across the street isn't the case over on this side.
The place offers indoor and outdoor seating, but it was a little too cool out so we opted to dine inside. The inside is kind of cluttered (with all kinds of masks, pinatas, church pews, an old juke box, etc.). It would have been cramped if fully occupied, but there was just us and another party dining. The service was very personable, and they were receptive to making substitutions or preparing something custom.
I ordered the chicken breast with pumpkin mole, and my girlfriend ordered a chipotle seafood dish. The chicken was perfectly fried, and the mole nice if not a little too subtle, but the seafood stole the show. It was a huge platter of mussels, fish and lobster tail with a great seafood broth . I ended up taking most of my chicken home so that we could polish off the mussels.
Overall I'd say we were very happy with our experience. We'll definitely come back when the weather warms up so we can hang out back and knock back a few cervezas.If it's good enough for Drew Barrymore, it's good enough for me...  Okay, not really, but it was interesting to know which celebrities enjoyed what on their menu.  
I wasn't quite sure what to expect from this place after entering through the back door, past the kitchen, and down a hallway into the restaurant itself, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant was kitschy with very small seating areas (very, very small) and an undeniable charm.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive without being overly attentive and annoying.  
The margaritas were very strong, they had a nice selection of wine (which is what I chose to drink), and the food was spicy and had a lot of depth.  I ordered the roasted chicken enchilada which was incredible and I wanted to eat the whole thing but there simply wasn't enough room in my stomach for it all.  It did reheat very well the next day, though.  My dinner companion ordered the huevos rancheros, which was sadly not near the caliber of my meal.  There were soggy tortillas underneath the eggs and it was very "juicy" and had no rice to mop up all the juice with.  
So why not 5 stars?  It seems that the menu may be hit or miss, I may have to try them again a few more times to see if the huevos rancheros were a fluke or not.  The restaurant was also very crowded.  It's a small space and to make the most out of it, they crammed in tables and chairs, which led to a very claustrophobic feeling when the seats were all full.  
All in all, it was an enjoyable experience and I'll definitely try them again.Great food at reasonable prices.  Just enter from the back patio and walk right in.   Go around the kitchen and wait to be seated in the dining room. The chic hen enchilada is amazing.  Try the Mexican dinner.  The Side of corn that they serve with many entrees is in my favorite, but the rest of the dinner is always great.  The decor is dark and colorful and there is always interesting music playing. The staff are really friendly and love their work.  They will help with excellent food suggestions.  Try the hibiscus margarita.As others have stated before me, this place is SUPER WEIRD. And by super weird, I mean random chachkas all throughout the place, a shady entrance through the back, interesting wait staff and bartenders, strange music (sometimes) and extremely odd celebrity name-dropping on the menu.  That said, their menu is pretty original (Cactus Burrito, anyone?) and their margaritas are delicioso!! Never a dull night here...Dumpy looking place, they had packaged fruit and vegetables lying around in the outside dining area.  The inside is cluttered and cramped, with some nice antiques but not suitable for dining.  Service was poor, they only had about two waiters, and we waited on our food for about 40 minutes.  They don't write what you order down, so unsurprisingly you often don't get what your asking for.  The drinks aren't even on the menu, and when a friend and i ordered a sangria, the waiter told us it was $20, but when the bill came out it was $28.  We told this to the waiter, but he was very rude to us and didn't even listen to what we said.  The sangria itself was nothing but alcohol and water, almost no taste and we couldn't even finish.  I highly doubt Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin have been here like it says on the menu, I mean REALLY??  This place BLOWS-Food was ok, but any of the chain restaurants actually taste better, and are cheaper.  
-2 pitchers of mango mojitos tasted uber fresh minus all the damn ice. I mean the whole pitcher was ice, we could not even fill 4 8ounce plastic cups with one pitcher.
-Service was inattentive and not very friendly.
-patio was the best thing about the place.
1 small app, 1 taco salad, 1 enchilada, 2 burritos, 2 pitchers= $178.00
Would never go back, would def not recommend.Here is an interesting business plan. Open up a restaurant directly across the street from your less than stellar establishment, and do everything better! The Baja room is Pico de Gallo's sister restaurant, and it is akin to a homely friend taking her much hotter sister to her friends party. the Baja room will definitely get more attention. 
The menu is eclectic, heavy on the seafood offerings. the veggie nachos were very good, with large pieces of roasted carrots and zucchini. They were very generous with the lobster on the lobster quesadillas, and the lobster was well cooked. 
They have a special which is a draught beer and a shot of tequila. The beer was Lions head which is not my favorite, but the server was right and it does taste better on draught. They serve the beer in giant goblets which make you feel like a knight at king Arthur's table. 
My intimate group of four turned into a small party of eight, and the servers were accommodating, even in the small room. We enjoyed ourselves there, and were proud when our server told us we had the largest beer tab in their short history.I'm only going with 3 stars for now, because I haven't actually had food here - but the margaritas are legit. 
I came to a Colors and Bottles class on the patio. We wanted some margs while we painted, so we went to the bar and each ordered one. When he said the price was $10, I thought it was a little high - but they are: 1) huge. In a pint glass. And not weak. and 2) delicious! Fresh tasting, not super sweet either. I was told that it was all organic. 
Come get a marg.This is across the street from the Original Pico De Gallo.  So far it's a BYO though you'll be able to get crappy margaritas here too soon.  (And if you buy a six pack across the street they'll give you  $2 off your bill) They share specials with Pico De Gallo but they also serve some more american food.  I had the burger and it was pretty good.  I was surprised after swearing never to eat at the original place again. 
The inside is really neat.  There is church pew seating and it is much nicer inside than the original.  
Worth the trip--skip the original and go here.Wow I can't believe this dump got good reviews.  I suspect it will suffer the same fate as it's co-restaurant Pico de Gallo across the street and people will eventually wise up to it's crappiness.   I live right around the corner and was hoping so bad that this place would be good.  I was wrong.  The feel is that it is run by a bunch of college kids, and the food tastes like something I could conjure up in my bachelor days...low quality chicken, undercooked carrots, flavorless quesadillas.  Add to that hair in the food, snail-like service...oh what's the point in going on?  Don't go to either place unless desperate.I was reluctant to try Baja Room because, based on experience, Pico de Gallo is nothing to write home about. But, BR is close to my house and they have patio seating.  Also, I have heard positive reviews about the place.
On a Sunday night, we had our pick of tables outside. I ordered the guacamole to start, which was extremely bland. If you stir it up a bit, you get a touch more flavor, but, at the very least, it could definitely use more lime. 
For my main, I tried to order the chicken enchiladas, but after requesting the item, the server informed me that they were out of enchiladas. okay. so, i opted for the succotash, black bean and cheese burrito. here's where i got a little annoyed -- i dislike sour cream, so i asked if sour cream was served on top or on the side. the server curiously explained that all ingredients are served inside of the tortilla -- huh? of course, they are! it's a burrito! why would the contents be served on the side? anyway, after I clarified my query, the server stated emphatically that there was no sour cream on the burrito. 
i think you know where this is going -- there was sour cream on the burrito. 
Not a huge deal. I just prefer it without. And my earlier exchange with the server leads me to believe that the wait staff needs to work on listening to the customers. 
My burrito was fine -- the black beans were tasty and it came with tons of cheese. i don't know how they call it a succotash burrito, though. I think the standard definition of succotash is lima beans and corn. BR's definition of succotash is (inexplicably) carrots and mushrooms. They were good, but just so you know . . . 
Having said all of the above, I would go back due to BR's location, outdoor space, and other interesting items on the menu.Service: 3 stars
Decor: 0 stars
Food: 4 stars
Overall Experience: 2 stars
This place is as bootleg as they come. 
The scene: Sitting outside on the "patio," if you can even call it that, a young woman is  surrounded by Mexican tchotchkes. The crowd is a smorgasbord clientele consisting of new college graduates, a young married couple, and a gay couple all being served on the aforementioned patio. A young woman and her boyfriend hesitantly peruse the menu to find something to their liking. She orders the nachos accompanied with a margarita and he the chicken enchalida.
The result: An explosion of chicken enchilada in your mouth. 
The one redeming quality about this place is that chicken enchilada. IT.IS.AMAZING. The nachos are better at jose pistolas and the marg was a hefty $11. I will only come back for the chicken enchilada. Maybe I'll consider takeout if offered to avoid the shady scene.I really love this joint. Kinda funky - you enter through the backyard. Decor is "Day of the Dead" meets thrift shop. But the food is great, guys who run it are really friendly. For unpretentious neighborhood Mexican food it can't be beat. Have already been back several times. Even asked them to do a shrimp enchilada suiza, which was not on the menu and it was fantastic. Their special which is only available early (before 6 I think) is a great deal if you can get there early enough.So, I just moved to this neck of the woods and I go by here daily. After a month a friend was over to check out my new digs so off we went. Well we stopped in at about 530. The place was desolate, but our zippy waiter told us eight or nine times that they just opened for the night and you know uh i can get you some margaritas. He continued to ping and zing like a ball of meth the entire evening. I saw him the next night on the street having a smoke break.......so that's where he was!
Despite the labyrinth hallway, the creepy decor as Miriam put it, "the skulls are staring at me", and our frenetic waiter the food was awesome!
I've been to it's bastard love child of a sibling across the street several times and it's just a zillion times better. Service is still kinda crazy, but it's worth it. 
We both had chargrilled chicken entrees, she had the enchilda which was ever so tender and seasoned oh so well. I had the chicken nachos which were almost as good as Distrito's. 
I'll definitely return because it's so close!When Christopher R. suggested the Baja Room for an impromptu post-yelp event gathering, I was perplexed. How had I never heard of this Mexican outpost with outdoor seating and strong-azz margaritas, located right on South Street? 
Sure enough, we took a cab to 15th and South and there it was, just across the street from Pico de Gallo, its sister establishment. A little entryway in the tall picket fence on 15th led to a patio containing four large picnic tables with red checkered tablecloths. 
We wasted no time ordering up pitchers of margs and appetizers. The margaritas were curiously delicious, and I later found out that they were homemade with fresh lime juice and love. 
The meatless nachos were easily my favorite of the foodstuffs, as evidenced by the fact that I woofed them down like I was going to win a cash prize for speed-eating. They were loaded with cheese, a spicy green salsa, pickled jalapenos, beans and sour cream. We had to order guacamole separate, which featured under-ripe avocados and a ten dollar price tag. On the flip side, there was a communication breakdown somewhere between our server and the kitchen, and we received an extra plate of nachos on the house. 
The tacos were served like street tacos - loaded with the protein of choice (in our case, octopus and seared tuna) and a few basic ingredients. The octopus version was pretty solid and I wouldn't mind trying them again (I didn't taste the tuna ones so I'm not sure how those went down).  
The staff was friendly and the place was chill. I'll definitely hit Baja Room again on another warm night.