Went for lunch with coworkers mid week. Not too crowded and plenty of staff. Eager to fill your water glass; a little too eager that they are regularly reaching across the tables. 
Never mind that, the food was very good. We split two orders of the vegetarian rolls (3 per order). Two of us ordered the Pad Thai; the other two ordered clay pot soups. One soup was Green Curry Seafood Soup in clay pot (very spicy) and served with rice. She loved it. 
I am blanking on the other soup.  It was in a clay pot and was more tomato based and not served with nice, nor was it as spicy. She also enjoyed her lunch immensely.
The Pad Thai was listed as spicy so we both requested the dish with less spice. The restaurant happily obliged. The dish did skimp on the shrimp (only 4, and tiny), but was generous with the tofu and sprouts. It had good flavor, but I picked up a strong syrupy sweetness at the end. Next time, I would request the sweet to be scaled down too. 
Lunch for the four of us ran $54 before tip. Not too bad but slightly more expensive than other Chinatown spots.
Will return. Place has a large menu to select from and is deceivingly cavernous.LOVE! Great BYOB- and tolerant if the crowd gets a little...rowdy. Largeeee food menu which is intimidating as there are very "safe" items and other much more authentic dishes.  The staff is very willing to help with recommendations.  Prices are very, very reasonable. Large area and great for large groups!! Have been a couple times and will certainly be back.The roti canai and the Indian Mee Goreng will hit the spot! Although I only got takeout from here, the food was beyond amazing and they got the spice level just right and even made the dishes vegetarian for me. The inside isn't anything exceptional but you come here for the food.
If you're looking for a mandalas in place that can do no wrong- it's banana leaf.This was my first time and definitely my last. Ordered this Mango Chicken and it only had 4-5 pieces of small chicken. It's an $18 dish after taxes and I cannot believe how cheap they are with the chicken. If it was served as an appetizer for 1/3 of the price then I wouldn't really complain but this dish was marketed as a full meal.
I left feeling ripped off.  All they did is mix the mango in sriracha and some sugar. I spent most of my time digging around the mango in search of chicken. Never again. I'd be extremely wary of the other comments on this restaurant who praise the sub-par food here. Because the main people who frequent Banana Leaf appear to be the hipster-type who would probably consider sushi from a gas station as "authentic." 
I lost faith in center city establishments. Where the growing trend is to charge more for poor quality. I find much better food in ghetto areas like Washington avenue in South Philly where you always get your monies worth. No wonder most of Anthony Bourdaines reviews come from the outskirts of Philly and never center city.
I know that after reading this you may be pondering, "Why is this guy giving a bad review after only having one bad experience?" Well, having lived in the Philippines half of my life and been to Vietnam, China, Japan, Westminster California, and many asian establishments in Fort Lee, NJ and Manhattan, trust me when I say that most of the food on the menu does not look appetizing at all. I live, breathe, and sleep asian cuisine. Knowing how the food is going to taste by just looking at the ingredients on the menu, and the mango chicken appeared to be something that would remind me of being back on the west coast. Everything else looks like cheap Thai or Chinese takeout that has been altered a certain way to look halfway decent ( i.e inside mango or pineapple shell )
Anyway this place appears to be good for the college freshman with poor taste in food who just wants a spot to bring alcohol into. If that's you then you'll love getting ripped off here and be blindly thankful for it.
If you have a sophisticated asian palate and are looking for quality then steer far away from here. Because you could find much better food for the same price you'd spend here somewhere else.One of my favorite restaurant in china town.
I really love their Char Kuey Teow. It's better than Penang restaurant by far.
Their Kangkung stir fry  vegetable and Indian Mie Goreng also really nice.
They usually give you free desert or free oranges at the end of the meal.
It's BYOB, so I always bring wine to share with friends.If you and your friends were going to go to Penang for dinner tonight,  do yourself a favor and go to banana leaf instead.  Your friends will be impressed by the food and by the bill.Kept it simple - Roti Canai and Chicken Rendeng (sp?). Food was great. Atmosphere was casual - - - plus its BYOB. Definitely must check this place out.I really like this restaurant! The service so great! Everyone who is working, serves you! It's a pretty cool thing! 
It's a BYOB! Don't forget your bottle! 
Great restaurant for groups!
I really enjoyed the food! Be adventurous and try something new! Ask the servers...they have great suggestions! 
Sushi is also good!NYC lacks a great Malaysian restaurant so that's why I travel to Philly to enjoy my Malaysian desires. 
Much better than all the Malaysian restaurants in nyc - Banana leaf has such flavorful delicious authentic Malaysian dishes. 
Just wished they avoid serving sushi, I can tell it is horrid. Also, dual national food restaurants usually don't do well. (I mean come on, would you eat at a Chinese Japanese restaurant.....) AVOID SUSHI
Okay, I admit i forgot what I ate, but their noodles were delicious AND you have to TRY their pancake - made perfectly! The manager/boss there is very pleasant and the ambiance though dark and wooden serves well. 
So avoid nearby PENANG and come to banana leaf instead, you won't regret it(unless you order sushi)The chicken was tough and difficult to eat. It was technically white meat but had the texture of something you'd get at a low budget Chinese take out, very rubbery, some parts over cooked as if boiled too long. My friend who accompanied me agreed. I didn't even want to take my leftovers home. I prefer Penang and probably won't come back here.One of my favorites' in Philly. The restaurant is a BYOB place. The food is just excellent. It has a big menu, and most times places that have that tend to be really generic. Not the case with Banana Leaf. The roti canai is a must to start off with.Order my usual Roti Canai today and it was very disappointing. The pancake was way too crispy and the curry dipping sauce was soooo oily. Then later ordered the Pad Thai and it was just way way way to sweet. It was if someone pour sweet and sour sauce all over it.
Both items are usually way delish. What happen?!Everything I've ever eaten here has been delicious. I admit I had never been to a Malaysian restaurant before Banana Leaf, but even so I must say their menu is full of unique items. In fact, it's SO full of unique items that it can be overwhelming, but I've had good luck so far by closing my eyes and pointing at a random spot and going with whatever my finger lands on.
I am a creature of habit in that when I find something I really like, I tend to want to order that thing all the time. At Banana Leaf, I force myself to try something different every time, and I urge you to do the same. Even better - go with a group of friends, everyone order something different from a different section of the menu (noodles, beef, fish, etc) and do it family-style. The portions are big enough, and sharing is caring, after all.
There is one item on the menu I feel I must draw attention to. My friend ordered it for us, and she called it ABC, but I don't know if that's its technical name. It's shaved ice with beans and corn and jellies. Basically, if a snow cone and a burrito had a baby, it would be this. Once you get past the very strange texture and slightly odd temperature situation (COLD corn and beans? It's odd, I assure you) it's pretty tasty, and also a definite experience to eat.Our go to place for noodles on the fly! they deliver which is awesome!! If you have the time they are a BYOB! 
Mi Siam and Shrimp Pad Thai = YUM!First, I have to note that I got dinner here to-go, so I can't comment much in the waitstaff. That said, I was rather confused when I walked in because the front door looks like a side door (if you go here, you'll see what I mean). I made my way to the register and grabbed a menu--realizing that the proper menu is only for sushi and the real dinner menu is of the takeout paper variety. 
Wanting to get local input, I asked the lady behind the register what she recommended for a spicy fish with no seafood. She went through a few options and landed on the curry chicken with rice, which is what I went with for takeout. 
The wait was reasonably short, and the chicken curry was good. Not amazing but certainly not bad, it came with a healthy portion of rice. It wasn't overly curried, which was nice. 
All in all, definitely not a bad choice, but not a place I would write home about.My go to vegetarian option: The sizzling tofu. It is absolutely wonderful here. It's nice to get hot creamy tasty tofu that actually has flavor. So many places just dice it up and serve it without any actually time put in attempted preparation. 
I had the seaweed salad and it was a large healthy portion, which is nice because it's my favorite salad in the entire world. 
The food is the reason why you come here. The decor is tacky and it can get pretty loud toward later evening because most people start to come in with bigger parties. 
I think it's interesting that they have such a combination of cultures on the menu. You can easily get a high quality meal of the diverse cultures they have represented, and it's a good representation of the food.First off, we were supposed to get a private room for a birthday party, but last minute we were told it wasn't available anymore. We were okay with that as long as w still got a table, but then they gave us the check in the middle of our meal and asked us to leave 45 minutes after we sat down. While the food was tasty, we were very disappointed with the service we received and wouldn't highly recommend this establishment.What an awesome place! It's ironic that I'm a banana as well (an asian american that is white on the inside, yellow on the outside =) ).
I took GoToBus.com aka the chinatown bus from Washington, DC to Philly on the evening of 11/24 and got to the Philly drop off location at around midnight. I was freezing, about to go insane because I that's how I get when I'm very hungry and my ride was running late. To top things off, my iphone died on me and had no way to get a hold of my ride.  
Luckily, Banana Leaf was open late and I walked in and order me some Pad Thai, charged my iphone while I was waiting,  and warm myself up before heading out. I am a banana and I endorse this yelp. :)What is there not to like about this place??! Great food, great prices! I've tried the beef, chicken, and noodles, are all are pretty bomb! Also, the place is BYO, so last time we went we brought a bottle of wine and it just made our meal so much better! My favorite Asian restaurant in Philly!So good! I have probably ordered the Pad Thai here about 500 times. It is always perfectly savory with a nice and spicy bean sprout salad on the side. They have so much variety here, enough to please the pickiest of eaters! It's also BYOB!This spot rocks. I know many people who dine here and get take-out too. Was just here with a massive group and they took very good care of us. One of the go-to spots in Philly Chinatown for late dinner after training.Mango Tofu was not only a very tasty dish, but presented nicely. My only issue with the restaurant was the service.  Not the friendliest of environments.  If you are looking for a nice cool appetizer make sure to try the achat.Bad service. Foods not flavorful and the waiters/waitresses are assholes. Not worth the money at all. Try another place in China town instead.love the food love the service me likey mi siam and hainanese chix riceIn every South Asian restaurant that I go to, I always get at least the place's tom yum soup. So far, my favorite has been the one from Joy Yee's. Others have always been too sweet, too sour, too bland, lacked vegetables, or the portions were too small. However, the tom yum at banana leaf did not disappoint! I would rank it one of the top 3 tom yum soups I've had.
You can either get a tom yum just soup (I think there is shrimp, mussels, squid, carrots, mushrooms, squash..?, and other vegetables), or the soup plus noodles. If you go for the soup, get the large portion, not the small! 
Most of my friends got some sort of noodles, which I tried and was indeed just delicious as well.Oh man, I love this place!
All you need to rustle up is a ten dollar bill from your wallet and a bottle of wine stashed in your fridge somewhere (BYOB) and you can expect an awesome, satisfying, authentic Malaysian cuisine experience.  Did I mention it's cheap?
I've had the Thai basil noodles (love me some wide noodles, see pic another review posted) and the pad thai, both are first rate.  (Although, have you ever had *bad* pad thai?  Neither have I.) 
The service is fast which makes it a good choice for working peeps on their lunch breaks.  Also, it might have been a coincidence, but I've been here 3x and each time it was crawling with large groups of men...so single ladies take note.  (Although, if I'm there I'm pretty much engrossed in my bowl of noodles--not exactly a man magnet situation.  Oh well.)Consistently good all around with an excellent and extensive menu; our go-to in Philadelphia and we prefer Banana Leaf over Penang. Not much else to say except my favorite dishes:
- Roti canai or roti telur
- Seafood scramble egg chow fun (warning: it's a little soupy)
- Seafood with crispy noodleI enjoy the Singapore noodles whenever I dine at this establishment. The ambiance/decor is very pleasant.  Friendly staff and the rice is top notch.In Philly for work and purposely went to Banana Leaf for dinner with a colleague because I heard it was a great place to eat.  WOW, it was AWESOME!  I loved it, we had the shrimp soup and as an entree I had the banana leaf prawn dish, it was YUMMY :)  And for dessert we had the fried banana with ice cream.  Great food and definitely great value.Roti Canai was awesome.
I really loved the Mee Siam.
The Edamame had a bit too much salt.
My takeout Chicken Rendang was so good when I got home and gave it to my husband, I ended up eating some. 
 I loved it though. Really. I was instructed what to eat and told it was very hit or miss. So that's something to consider. Plus, who doesn't love a BYOB?I am a regular at this place and i like it a lot. This is my first comfort food choice of all time ! 
I think they have the nicest servers out of all the restaurants in Chinatown. 
Make sure you get the Roti canai for appetizer, it is an Indian influenced flat bread  and it's eaten with a side of curry chicken. The flat bread is crispy on the outside but chewy on the inside, I've had really good ones from here . The curry chicken is actually really creamy, with creamy potato and small chicken bites. 
hainanese chicken comes in 1/4 1/2 and a whole. If it were just two people, 1/4 is plenty ! 1/2 could be shared between 4~5 people. A whole chicken, well I don't know what you are going to do with all that chicken. 
Pad thai - I get it all the time, it's a bit sweeter than I like. 
curry with fish head - it doesn't sound so appetizing , trust me it's really good. At first, I thought it was gonna be a stew filled with fish heads and the fish's eyes are staring at me. Silly me, it's actually fried up , you can't tell it's fish head if I never told you about it. 
The pineapple fried rice is actually so so , I don't recommend getting it. But here's the thing, it tastes amazing if you put the curry with fish head stew over the fried rice.Either a hit or a miss at this spot. 
2/3 of the foods we ordered was decent. 
We have the roti and it was pretty good the chicken curry was our favorite. We also got the seafood chowfun which is always a good dish to order. Nice and thick gravy. 
The one thing I'd tell you to avoid is the special squid thing. It just tasted like frozen squid thrown together with a random sauce they found. Disgusting. 
The atmosphere was meh. Dark and barely anyone was there and honestly wouldn't come back.A great little joint with delicious food and amazing prizes. My lunch for two including an appetizer was less than $20, and the portions were great. 
Many people have recommended the thai basil noodles. They are right. The thai basil noodles are amazing. Tangy, somewhat sweet, savory, and delicious. Plus a huge portion. Great stuff. 
And, the staple roti canai was also pretty good. 
Definitely enjoyed this place and will be looking for similar spots to try!Super average.  Period.
In fact, most of the dishes were in the 2-2.5 star range.  Some of our dinner guests ordered sushi (I was afraid) and most said it was either "good" or "average."  The wasabi was hard and clearly not fresh.  The fish was fishy.  I am a bit of a sushi snob and I wanted no part.  Prices on the sushi were very good.
The beef satay was good.  Tender and priced at under $6.  
The entrees ranged from average to totally bland.  The $15 sweet and sour chicken was fried chunks of tough chicken in a "store front Chinese" sauce.  The Captain's Noodles were literally overcooked noodles in soy sauce.  Three pieces of small shrimp with the tails still on, a few pieces of tough chicken, and no pork (even though the menu said there should be some).  Even though the portion was huge, the flavors were nonexistant (outside of soy sauce).  $7.50 not well spent.
The pineapple rice was presented in an empty pineapple shell, but it, as with most of the dishes, was bland.
The ginger duck Lo Mee was probably the worst dish.  The hunks of duck bone with tiny bits of meat were so overseasoned with ginger it was inedible (at least my gf felt so...I agreed).  
We did not stay for dessert.  
There were a few positives: the meals came out fast, the water was replenished quickly, we were seated immediately, and the ambiance was nice.  
There are loads of better places: try Lee How Fook.I went to the Banana Leaf after a long day travelling; therefore, I was there in the late afternoon and not at a "normal"" mealtime, so some of my observations may be biased by this.  The restuarant was quite, the service was very prompt, and the waitstaff was very attentive.  Each of the items I ordered were excellent.  If I were staying in town, I would definitely return.Banana leaf is like a cheap knock off purse.  It's almost an exact replica of Penang except with flaws.  When you get a small soup , it's ridiculously small.  I would assume small soup would be good for dinner for 2. It's a soup for half a person.  For the same price at Penang, you get triple the size and better taste.  Their service is also a lot slow even though they are not as busy as Penang.  Their Hainan chicken comes in small portion cut in small pieces.  In realtiy, you are getting 1/3 a chicken when you order 1/2.  There is also a foul taste to their chicken even drowning in their sauce won't get rid off.  If you compare Banana leaf and Penang, they basically have identifical menu, and similiar decorations but Penang is always packed for a good reason while Banana Leaf are swatting flies.Had clay pot of noodles    Massive    Share it   
Ichiban role was nicely done  
Very attentive and nice people   
Ambiance is the only reason it's not a 5This place used to be good but the last two times I have been here have left me wanting to leave asap. If you go on a Friday or weekend night, it is extremely loud and basically a place for college students to pregame. I brought a bottle of wine and was given plastic cups, probably a  precautionary step because their customers end up getting drunk and rambunctious (I was too when I was in college). However, if you are trying to have a slight chance of having a conversation with someone, you cannot hear anything over the loud noise. No more banana leaf for me. I'd rather go to Penang.yum yum. eat here. byob. cheap. food is very good. id recommend just ordering a bunch of everything and sharing it with your friends. sushi was super fresh. mango salad super tasty. arrive early on a friday or saturday because this place gets packed! i will def eat here again. and again.Borderline 2.75-3-star restaurant. We were visiting Philadelphia in early December 2015 and came across this place as we were walking by. If I remember correctly, the TripAdvisor stickers drew me... in. I was craving Malaysian food so we decided to try this place. We got their beef curry and cooked/haianese chicken... lets just say that I have had much better Malaysian food. The prices are fairly cheap which is a redeeming factor especially if you are ordering off their lunch specials which no doubt locals order from. It is for the latter reason that I am rating this a 3-star restaurant vs. giving them 2-stars.Love the place! I am deaf and we went with a group of sign language students. We all signed (no talking allowed as part of the sign language students' assignments), and the waiters were incredibly friendly. They were helpful and understanding to us, and some even picked up a few signs from us! The food was excellent and very filling. BYOB too
Some of the food I've had in the past here: 
Roti canai - awesome curry
Martabak - similar to scallion pancake, pretty good but a bit too much onion for me
Beef chow fun - always good. Beef is very tasty
Thai basil noodles - delicious. Not very spicy really. 
Fried pearl noodles - interesting... Never had pearl noodles - it's just a bit weird to me, so I wouldn't get it again
Spicy thai chicken rice - not impressed. Not spicy at all really.I love this place for one reason- the Mee Siam. Please, when you go in, just get the Mee Siam, even though your brain says "Wait, there's Pad Thai- you love Pad Thai!" Get the Mee Siam and you'll thank me later. You can't beat the price either! 
My hubby loves the sizzling platters (twice as much as the Mee Siam though!) and they are good if you need your beef & peppers fix.
They also have some great appetizers that I splurge on every now and then, like the Roti Telur or Canai, but my favorite is the Poh Piah. Don't ask questions, just get it and again, you'll thank me later. :)
Special Note: I went to Penang for years until Banana Leaf opened. I find that Banana Leaf is fresher across the board and the menu is so similar that I don't miss Penang at all.You can't beat this place for the price.  The food is fantastic, unbelievably good for what you pay.  Large crowds do tend to eat here, so it can get loud, but you should expect that being that it's right next to the Troc.  If you're a cracka like me, the waiters will deter you from ordering anything that may make your gag-reflex motorboat.  If you know what you're doing, just reassure them.  This place is basically identical to Penang, but seems to have fresher ingredients.
Recommendations: Indian Pancake, Beef Rendang, Coconut Rice, Spicy Prawn Soup, Mango ChickenUsually I go to Penang which I think are the same owners of this place but several years ago when a friend of mine told me about this place from me telling him about Penang, I started coming here and have even brought along and told friends about the place. Prior to the creation of Yelp (that's how long I've been coming here) he and I double dated here. 
That was a good night because the variety of food was great and something about eating with more people that makes it seems like you could eat forever.
 My visit the other day was to have Sushi but it wasn't being served at the hour I went so being hungry and settled in, I ordered the Banana Leaf Fried Rice dish and some Roti.
Now usually I sit by the window and watch the people go by and those coming entering but this day I sat closer to the wall where an outlet was because I needed a charge. 
When my server came over, a pleasant, thin Asian women that has been there for several years of my recollection I ordered the  Roti which I first had at Penang in 95 or 96 and have made it an appetizing must when the craving hits me at either location.
 The seafood rice dish I ordered, I also had at Penang's for the first time but I recall always taking the leftovers with me but this day, I ate everything and it was the same quantity as in the past. Hmmmm, have I become greedier or the dish more delicious for the sitting? 
Hahahhaha, I'd say the latter because my appetite is really quite the same. The service here is always prompt and efficient. I always like to sit at tables with outlets so that I can keep in touch mobile-ly and there is one off to the side when you come in.
 No sushi this time but my next visit in a week or so, I'll shoot for some. 
Always a great dining experience here in the heart of Chinatown.I enjoyed my lunch at the Banana Leaf, the staff is polite and fast! I would recommend going with the Captains Noodles, and it was tasty! Perfect spot for lunch in my opinion.Banana Leaf is my first Malaysian restaurant I've attended. With group of friends, I went to this resturant in a late evening. First off, it was very crowded so I highly recommend reserving a seat beforhand. Roti Canai was served as an apetizer and it was actually really good. I don't like anything that has to do with coconut and I could tell that it had coconut milk in it but the taste actually didn't bother me because of their unique soup base. I ordered mango chicken and my friends ordered curry, noodles, soup, etc. They all tasted very unique and the food was not bad at all. But from my friend's point of view, she said that their food was not as spicy as it should be compared to other Malaysian restaurants. We wanted some spicy kick to our foods but none of them seemed quite spicy. Than for dessert, red bean soup was served. It was sweet and hot and I just loved it- perfect in a cold weather!
The place was decorated with very interesting theme. It kind of feels like we are in a jungle. But I personally think it was too dark to eat food and the place was way too loud; I couldn't even hear my friend who was sitting two seats beside me. But it's a very friendly atmosphere!I walked in without a reservation and didn't have to wait, which I really liked. The staff was friendly. The food was amazing. I thought it was very flavorful. I went there with an old friend and sat there for three hours expecting to be kicked out but they were super nice about it. I can't wait to try some of the other things on the menu.First of all the waitress I had was a nightmare, she was pushy and talked too fast.  I ordered boneless chicken in curry potato sauce. The chicken tasted like old stewed thighs and had bone in it. The way the bones looked..you'd think it was Rat Torso. I complained and expressed that I didn't want bone in chicken at all. The waitress argued with me, but finally gave me what my friend ordered. It was the pineapple shrimp with chicken added. I loved the dish except the small shrimps they used that didn't taste fresh. Some were mushy and the sliced chicken had no flavor. 
When I got home the worse of the worse happened.  I ate a piece of chicken that was rotten. The mushy rotten dairy smell punctured my nose as I chewed!! I spit it out in shock. The dish is served in a pineapple. The freshest thing WAS the sliced pineapple. Everything else was sub par. I walked pass the bathroom and noticed a container with dirty dishes just sitting on the floor. It was empty in there for a reason. It's poor management and reminded me of a bathroom after a hour being in there. Never again will I go to this place. I regret tipping the smart ass waitress anything. I only did it so that she'd give me my take out container without spitting in it .Such a great BYO atmosphere! I constantly recommend the restaurant to friends! I am fairly picky, so i usually stick with the Chicken Fried Rice, but have no complaints on the food! Service is a little pushy to get you to pay and get out, even when the restaurant is not busy.I really like this place for several reasons. First reason, it's a great place for groups. As soon as you come in you get seated right away. I know some times when you're with a large group there's often a wait time. So no worries about this place. Next I love this place because they are super fast with serving food and drinks. I don't think I've ever waited longer than 15mins to get my meal. Lastly the prices here are unbeatable. Low prices, delicious food and fast service, what more could you ask for?The servers and the food are good but the cashier auntie with glasses who doesn't wear uniform is so rude asking for tips!! I missed calculating the tips and she was so mean to say that you don't even know maths. I was like I will never go back to this restaurant if the attitudes are like that. Not sure she is the manager or not but her attitude should not work in any restaurants anymore. I would put negative points if this apps allows to.Lets start with..
CONS
Roti Canai -  Disappointed. It wasn't crispy enough, and seemed kind of chewy. The curry sauce that came with it seemed water down. 
Mango Shrimp - Shrimp was on the small side, and other than it being sour, I tasted nothing else, it's like they just poured the sour sauce over the shrimp and shredded the mango and threw it in.. 
PRO
Service was good, didn't feel rushed at all even when they were packed with people... 
Hainanese Chicken - way better than Penangs I must say. The chicken was not frozen, which is where Penang seems to fall short on.. Lacks a bit of flavor on their soy sauce part, but other than that, I still give it a thumbs up.Ok ok, I was a bit angry with you on my last review BUT I have to admit that I do love you.
Mee Siam, Beef Rendang, Crispy Squid, Roti Canai, Spicy Thai Chicken... yum yum yum.Mango Chicken tastes like unseasoned chicken swimming in ketchup, but the mangoes taste good. Banana Leaf Rice tasted mediocre/okay. Best thing was Ginger Beef Scallion Dish. Try to avoid this place as best as you can.When it comes to Malay food, I am a HUGE fan and have lots of expectations going into any restaurant that attempts to capture the magic of that region. So I was stoked to learn that my latest conference took us here for lunch.
In my opinion, the menu is a bit congested and convoluted with similarly named items across different food categories, so it takes me a bit of time to peruse through everything. I guess the upside of that is there are various options! 
Banana Leaf is a Chinese-owned Malaysian restaurant near the edge of Philly's Chinatown. With regards to the environment, some of the perks include its pleasant spacious interior for larger group events and the fact that it's a BYOB. A downside would be that it can get somewhat loud. They are a large restaurant with ample seating and an equally large menu to select from. We opted in for their Malaysian Group Adventure (A) ($18/person) which contained the following options:
- Roti Canai
- Indian Mee Goreng
- Pad Thai
- Pineapple Fried Rice
- Beef Rendang
- Mama Chicken
- Curry Tofu
- Orange Slices
The set was huge to say the least! Every few minutes, they would bring out plates for our 30-person party to share family style. My favorite dish that we had served was probably the Curry Tofu which was vegetarian friendly. Sadly I wasn't too crazy about their homemade roti- it was a bit hard to pull apart and the curry was lukewarm which wasn't my favorite. 
Every dish I tried was fairly decent since they also cooked everything in large portions. A lot of the options I'd say are more Thai influenced than Malaysian, but is still a good sampler for those that have never had this type of cuisine before. However, service was right up there and they made sure to take care of our large group. I certainly appreciate Banana Leaf for hosting us and for cooking up a storm.
Hopefully I will get an opportunity to come back one day to try some of my favorite Malaysian dishes that weren't included in the set menus.My friend Cambria had been talking up Banana Leaf for weeks, so we finally went out for dinner.  First off, the menu is huge.  It will take at least a few visits to order everything that sounds appetizing.  
We started with the roti, which seems to be their most popular appetizer.  It was a flaky, slightly crispy fried dough served with a curry dipping sauce.  It was pretty good, but I prefer naan.  The entrees are pretty large, so I think this dish is miss-able.  
For the main, I ordered crispy fried squid.  I liked this dish, but I wish it would have had some king of sauce served with it.  Further, all of the squid pieces were from the mantle (or the head) and there weren't any tentacles, which I think are the best part.  I asked for it extra spicy and they obliged with adding a healthy serving a thai chilis.  I wouldn't order this again, but it wasn't bad.  
Cambria ordered a curry chicken dish, and overall it had good flavor.  Nothing exceptional, the meat and spices were simply good.  Both of our dishes were served with coconut rice, but I couldn't taste the difference from normal white rice.  The fried rices dishes, however, are great.  We ordered chicken fried rice, and I surmise that the pork fried rice is also tasty.  
The dining room is large, but there isn't much to remark about in the way of service or atmosphere.  It's like a lot of other Chinatown eateries, and is also similarly priced.  It's also a BYO, which is a great feature.
Bottom Line: The extensive menu offers a lot of good choices, and this is a good representation of Malay food.  Still, the area does offer a lot of good options, and Banana Leaf isn't my first Chinatown option.  Good, not great.I hate to give it a 2 star review, I have been here plenty of times, but not in the last 2 years,  after visiting the autoshow me and my family decided to have dinner here, wait was approximately 1/2 hour no biggie, we got seated and it did take a little while to take our orders but no biggie they are super busy, but why the 2 star?  There was a loud crowd of college students chanting "CHUG CHUG CHUG"  I was like... ok......I could not even have a conversation with my family... after like 1/2 hour they left I was like "finally"!  Guess what???? More of them came in... SAME CRAP!  Mind you my 4 year old is watching!   The whole time we eating it's these rowdy college students that think that they are at a "house party"  food is good, but that doesn't make up for anything... not to mention I paid cash  and was never offered my change smh... 2 star because the waiter was nice... IF you want rowdy college students, under age drinking,  this is the place for you!   I will go to Penang next time... very disappointed this used to be 1 of my fav restaurants...We have usually gone here late at night and gotten several small dishes to share. The fish head soup, satay and roti are our favorites. My husband also loved the salted fish with Chinese broccoli (btw don't actually eat the fish - its just there for seasoning!). The rest of the menu looks tantalizing and we look forward to trying more dishes.We walked in on a Friday night when mulling out options in Chinatown.  Basically we needed some grub before heading to Hop Sing Laundromat.  My girlfriend and I had never tried Malaysian food and my buddy who was with us highly recommended this place.
First off, this place is so much bigger than the front gives it credit for.  Plenty of seating.  There is a sushi bar right in front when you walk in and there is a huge open kitchen in the back doing all the dishes.
For starters we ordered 2 orders of the homemade roti canai.  It was basically this very thin, fluffy pancake that you dip into this curry chicken and potato brown sauce.  It was pretty divine and the flavors were just amazing.  We could have just gotten 1 to share, but we certainly gobbled up both orders no problem.
For entrees we decided we wanted to share.  We got the singapore rice noodles, beef rendang and thai style boneless chicken.  The rendang came out first and it was just drenched in this aromatic sauce.  It had hints of cinnamon and was just a great combination of flavors.  The beef was also super tender and just falling apart.  The chicken came out next and we were blown away (at least the gf and I).  The sauce was just out of this world, with all the sweetness in the beginning and the bite at the end.  It was with an excellent mix of veggies.  Last the rice noodle dish came out to us when we were all enthralled in what was already on the table.  The rice noodles were excellent and the veggies/shrimp were plentiful and fresh.  We had also gotten 3 orders of the hainanese chicken rice, which was also fantastic.
Best meal out I had in awhile.  The prices are super reasonable as well.  BYOB!  Will be back again, no doubt.My husband and I visit this place at least once a month.  I have been here at least two dozen times.  The food is delicious and the service is amazing.  The waiters come to your table often.  We usually order the Roti canai, pad thai, curry chicken and chicken rendang.  There are our favorite meals.  The soups and casseroles are large.  We prefer the soups over the casseroles because the casserole broth is more like a gravy than broth.  The prices are very fair especially when you order a noodle or rice dish..(under $10).  The fried ice cream is a must try.  It has a light dough around the ice cream and a nicely thin battered banana.  We usually order extra grape jelly with it.  I prefer this place over Penang, but Penang seems to have higher ratings.  Def. a must try.We were here for dinner. We ordered a pancake (roti) and the chicken curry dish. It was really tasty. The service was great too. Will be back for more.i like this place after a long night out at the club. Food is very tasty.  i like this place vs. penang. Both penang and banana leaf share the same menu. yum... banana leaf chicken wing and indian pancake was made to profection.Malaysian food is packed with hearty flavors.  Banana Leaf does it perfect.  I use to go to Penang, they kind of lost my biz bcse they went to mainstream.  I won't talk about the service, any Asian restaurant in C-town is not going to impress you.  If you want to look for a hearty, affordable meal, B Leaf is a must try.  Items that are a must: Indian Pancake, Hainan Chicken, Prawn Noodle, Water Spinach w/Malaysian spice.Definitely a step above most of the asian restaurants I've tried in the City.  Had a duck noodle soup and it definitely did its job filling me up.  Also tried the rambutan drink, which to my unrefined taste buds, tasted just like lychee, which was cool.  
My tummy said yum the whole way through the meal.This place use to had my favorite pad thai. But for some reason  the taste change it taste more americanize it didnt have peanuts it Tasted like pad thai sauce you get in a bottle. But to be fair i still love the hainnesse chicken. ( i know wrong spelling) but i wont kick this place of the curb staff still makes up for some lost of taste.  Make story short i would still recommend this place.Love their Pad Thai and it's byob! 
This place is very consistent with their food and service. Highly recommend for large groups.Gotta love that BYOB!
First off, I always get the same thing every time I go. (If it ain't broke.. right?) That would be the mango chicken. Served in a real mango with mango pieces and a delicious sweet mango sauce. Added to the wine I bring, it becomes a perfect meal. 
I'm not sure about anything else on the menu but everyone I come with usually enjoys their food. 
The true downfall is their lack of seating. I went with a group twice and both times we were broken up. Which sucked. Theres only one big group table and it's almost always taken. 
My advise. If you go with a group, call ahead.Great place, food is okay. We got the famous appetizer and we got a few rice dishes. They put so much rice where the meat is not enough.. We felt being rushed to leave as well.. Will try again next timeA BYOB eatery with an extensive menu of Asian seafood, vegetarian, and traditional dishes. 
Ambiance:
There's a LOT happening at Banana Leaf. Tables are packed close together and you can hear a roar of chatter as you walk in. Walls are decorated with Asian decor which was nice but not distracting. Definitely expect a loud meal. 
Food:
The menu is overwhelming at first. There is tons to choose from but tends to all be different preparations of a set of core ingredients. Many seafood and vegetarian options as well. Definitely recommend starting your meal with one of the roti appetizers - satisfying and delicious but doesn't spoil the meal to come. The entrees were great - I was able to try a beef, chicken, and seafood entree. Those that love spicy food will find no lack of it here, marked with a star on the menu. My favorite dish was the basil chicken. Excellent food that you don't get to eat every day. 
Drink: 
This place is BYOB. I just wish they hadn't given me plastic cups for the bottle of champagne I brought. 
Service:
Servers are friendly and attentive. I wish they had made an effort to help me navigate the expansive menu. 
Value: 
With most entrees under $10, Banana Leaf is a tasty option for a casual, no frills meal or take out.This place was pretty terrible.  The worst pad thai I have ever had.  It tasted like it had goopey marmalade on top, not a hint of tamarind to be found.  California roll had mushy bad avocado.  Tasteless appetizer dish consisting of soggy fried tofu, bean sprouts, and a shrimp pancake so saturated in oil there was nothing left to taste but the oil. The Chinese broccoli with salted fish was fresh and had a good flavor but hardly any fish at all.
The other Malaysian place in Chinatown had slick decor and was filled with Americans.  So we chose Banana Leaf instead because it was full of Asian people and seemed more down to earth.  We obviously made the wrong choice.  With us was our friend visiting from Thailand.  She nearly gaged on the pad thai.Was here last week with my friend , had a good dinner , Service was good and food was very nice , We had asked them to make it spicy and it was spicy no complaints.This is a great BYOB with cheap food. My favorite is their lemongrass seafood noodle soup. I asked them to make it extra spicy last time I went, and they definitely delivered on their promise. I've also had the pad thai which was tasty, but I found it a little greasy. The great thing about this place is that their menu is so extensive that it pleases everyone. And the fact that there's a wine and spirits store a few blocks away...This place is great. I always go with a decent size group and they are very accommodating. The veggie options are great, and you will leave satisfied. We usually stay for awhile and they don't seem to mind, even if we've cashed out.  Very affordable, too.I have been to this place many times, as of late it has been a hit or miss.
The place is nice, friendly. Open to anyone who is a paying customer. The service is only alright, the watering staff is very attentive and will refill your water/drink almost immediately, however the wait staff is not as attentive. Or they just stand there and watch you eat; a very uncomfortable feeling.
During one experience, the food was great! Everything was fresh and was cooked well. Another time I went I got the Mee Siam, the food wasn't seasoned as well as it could be. During my most recent experience I got the pad thai, and the noodles were uncooked. I told the wait staff, and they didn't understand, I had 4 people come to me before someone understood that it wasn't cooked and not that it was cold. They apologized and of course got me a new one but this time they overcooked it. 
Overall, I like the options they provide but the food is a hit or miss and the service is just mediocre.This place looks decent when you first walk in, but after getting half way through our meals my boyfriend pointed out the massive cockroach scurrying down the wall next to me. I jumped up in horror & preceeded to get the hell out of there as soon as possible. We then headed over to Good Dog for beer & shots to get the taste out of our mouths. If you enjoy dysentery, slamonella, or e-coli I highly reccomend this place. If not, stay away!Average food, attentive but short service.
I've had a serious hankering for roti canai, so decided to come here to satisfy the craving.  The curry was good - chunks of chicken and potatoes in a well balanced curry. The pancake was also the way I like it - large and thin (vs the small thick scallion pancake like), crispy on the outside and chewy in the middle; would have liked it to be slightly crispier.
Also ordered the mango salad - not recommended! It had carrots and cucumber, but was drowning (DROWNING) in an absurdly sweet sauce.A popular place for college students, and it's easy to see why. As a cheap BYO with plentiful space and good food to boot, Banana Leaf may not be the best place to bring your family to a dinner amid the yells of student groups and drunk 20-year-olds, but it is certainly a place to have dinner and have a good time. When you walk in, you can head toward the back and note that the space really spreads out in front of you, demonstrating a well-decorated restaurant which is meant to accommodate large parties. Not sure if it was super clean or not, it was crowded so it was hard to tell. 
The dishes range from noodles to curries to entrees which are paired with rice, though if you want to eat for cheap, their 'rice dishes' start at $6.75 and usually feature some Malaysian favorite(Hainanese chicken, NasiLemak, Chicken Rendang, etc.) with rice. For a group dinner we started with a few different appetizers including their famous Roti Canai, along with Spicy Crispy squid and some chicken wings. Their fried dishes are indeed served crispy and the chicken wings were very aromatic, though a little expensive at 6-7 for $9. Next came the entrees though, which all ranged around $8-12, and featured very generous portions that begged the question of leftovers. The standouts though are the Spicy Thai Chicken, Mee Siam, and Kang Kung Belacan. The Chicken in particular was a large portion of juicy steamed dark meat topped with an onion-based sauce that wasn't very spicy(as advertised), but was a little sweet, and incredibly savory and fragrant. The Kang Kung Belacan(water spinach) was sautéed incredibly well, and if I had to choose one vegetable to eat for the rest of my life this could very well be a contender. And the Mee Siam is perfect for a lone diner or to share, and is a large portion that you can easily split into two small meals. None of the dishes were bad, but the other things we ordered weren't outstanding enough to talk at length about. So I won't. Bring some wine and order some noodles and chicken to share, and you'll have a great time at Banana Leaf.I'm pleasantly surprised by how great the food is every time I come back to Banana Leaf. Whether you're in the mood for noodles, meats, or desserts (which are amazing), you'll eat well and have a great time here. I'm personally a fan of nearly all of their noodle dishes and the banana pancake dessert.
I've never had a bad meal here and it's one of the places I love to take people when they come to visit Philly.Excellent place for authentic southeast Asian cuisine. Roti canai is a must have. Popular spot for BYOs.I LOVE BANANA LEAF! My lady introduced me to this place and since then we've been hooked. It's rarely busy but the service is so fast it's nothing to get a seat. The restaurant offers your typical Malaysian favorites. The roti canai and the mango chicken must be made from their magical little hands! ! I know I have to try somewhere else but if it ain't broke don't fix it right?