Hubby picked up my lunch so had this meal at home to be clear. 
Had coconut soup, shrimp pad Thai and he had curry. 
My soup was ok. A bit too sour. I like more creamier side for sure. I didn't like much. 
My pad thai was fail though. Noodles were stuck together when I tried to pick up with chopstick. I had to use it like fork... Not sure if because it was take out. But still we get fair amount of take out, it doesn't usually happen. 
And shrimp was so so so over cooked. Tasted almost like rubber. Too bad, they are really close to me though.The best Thai food in Philadelphia and the most friendliest staff! Highly recommended! :)I was a big fan of the Thai Noodle Chef (previous name), but since it was taken over, it has gone downhill fast.
I've tried it twice now, both times I was very disappointed.  They used to have a fantastic tom yum soup, nice and spicy with great flavor.  Now it comes out as greasy dishwater.  Their pad thai used to be my favorite, now it's like dry noodles with no distinct flavor, missing the ground peanuts and what little tofu is included looks like leftover deep fried miniscule pieces.
Not only has the food gone downhill, so has the service.  We were there yesterday and not only did everyone else get served before we did (even though they came in well after us), they forgot our appetizers, tried to serve our entrees and I would guarantee that our entrees were reheated in the microwave and re-served.
What a shame, this was one of my favorite restaurants.....
***********************
As a follow up, the owner sent an email asking that I remove this review and offering me a free entree to make up for the disappointing results of my last 2 visits because "they are trying to run a business" and don't appreciate my review.  Of course, they did that via complement on this website....not really kosher in my book.Decent Thai food for the Rittenhouse area. The golden triangles were nice and fully cooked (I hate the kind that's crispy on the outside and silken tofu blandness on the inside). The vegetable panang curry was pretty robust, creamy and not too runny, with lots of peanuts. The super-fail was the tom yum soup, which had so much salt it was nearly inedible (I poured some on my rice and it wasn't bad as a condiment!). Also, the service was lovely.I ate here last week and have not been able to stop thinking about it. Really really authentic, I was in Thailand a couple years ago and got to know what normal street Thai food is and this place is very close to perfect in that regardTheir food is so good also the service. I like Bangkok pork Garlic. I usually add crispy fried egg with my meal.Love this place! Combination fried rice is delicious so is the Sweet Basil (Ka Pow). Everyone is always friendly whenever I step through the doors. I highly recommend this to anyone that want a delicious lunch or dinner.Very meh Thai food that is overly salty although the service was good. The green curry and basil tofu were not very flavorful or spicy but they were extremely salty. It will do in a pinch but Erawan is right around the corner.Great service, and attentive to this picky vegan. The lunch special is a good deal, but the food itself I thought was just OK. Not bad, but not wonderful.I LOVE Thai food and it's hard to find a Thai place I don't like. This used to be my second favorite place in Philadelphia after Erawan. the food was good, and I loved the kitschy under-the-sea wall murals (yeah it was over the top, but it was random and therefore memorable). big disappointment with the new ownership. not only are the sea murals gone (very traumatic for me) but the service was horrendous and the food was almost as bad. I went with six people, and all of us had strangely rubbery meat. my friend's Pad Se Ew tasted okay, but my Masaman curry tasted nothing like what I'm used to - it was watery and missing spices, tasted like they had dumped some sweet and sour sauce in there instead of making the real curry. bottom line - don't waste your money here when you have several other great Thai options within two blocks like Erawan or even the takeout Singha Thai, which has a $6 lunch special that is consistently tasty.I just ate here for the first time this week for lunch and I decided to see if they had my favorite dish on the menu (Red Curry with Shrimp) and they did.  I was pleasantly surprised at the freshness of the ingredients and the sauce was perfect.  A little bit pricy but well worth the splurge if you enjoy good Thai food.  I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.Just fine.  A-OK - not stellar and not bad.  Sweet - run-of-the-mill Thai staples - and they make a decent $9.95 lunch platter with a small cup of soup, mini appetizer (salad ro a few pices of dumpling or other treat) and entree.
Curries are fine - and Pad See Ew is my fave.
It was better when it was Thai Chef - but I am glad they are still here for a once in a while option.  I get take out Thai from Thia Singha House.Actually I order veg basil fried rice and this people are put egg in a veg fried rice also so  he has to inform customer veg fried rice meaning. It's complete vegetableI love this place for great quality Thai food for a great price.  I really like their Masaman Curry.  The peanuts are crunchy the way they should be.  
They also make a very respectable Pad Thai.  I have many items to explore here.  Very nice service provided here.Must avoid!!!
Worst service one could ask for.
We waited more than one hour to find out our food was not even ordered. Everyone in the restaurant got their food before us even though we ordered our food first. The staff were just avoiding eye contacts and they did not even come to our table apologize. After patiently waiting for food for more than an hour, we just told them we are done with this nonsense and left. 
Then, the staff just told us that the kitchen mixed up the order and it's not his fault. What kind of waiter would say that? 
I will never go back here. The service was terrible and I am pretty sure their food will match their services.I got the chicken pot stickers and chicken pad Thai. I called for pick-up, so the lunch special wasn't 3 course. It was roughly $10. Not the best deal, but the food was alright. You get what you pay for. 
The staff was friendly, and service was quick!I love this place for lunch. The prices are great for the area and the lunch menu has 3 courses. The wait staff is always attentive and friendly.I love their curries, you have got to try their yellow and panang curries! YUMMY! Really nice waiters dealt with us and our kids without any snarky comments. When ordering take-out, they are done quickly too. I come here maybe once every 2-3 weeks. I didn't give them 5 stars because other dishes are lacking. Come here for the curries.The service would be faster if they flew the food in from Thailand. And, the portion size requires that you are either on a diet or order a big appetizer. 
But, the food quality is fairly good and the prices very good. So, per dollar, it is not a bad choice.Their place and food are awesome!! I usually go there every Monday for dinner also I love chicken curry puff and pork basil and Thai ice tea. For the price I think it's reasonable and they are so friendly. I love music and atmosphere inside the restaurant so relax. After a long day from work enjoy good food and relax before headed home!!Definitely not as good as Thai Chef and Noodle Fusion, but still decent Thai food for center city.  Lunch special is $8.95 for soup, appetizer, entree.  They were pretty stingy with the tom kha, and there was no chicken in it.  The spring roll was tasty, but small.  My pad see ew was pretty good.  Only ate half so bonus leftovers for lunch tomorrow.  I did ask them to make it spicy and it really wasn't.  My thai iced tea was a little too sweet.  Service was efficient, although the one waiter seemed like he was scared of us.  He stood really far away from the table when delivering and clearing plates.I came here for a lunch date & it was great. Our server was very kind & handled business very well. The lunch special was very filling too! I got the Tom Khan soup with chicken potstickers and pad see ew. My boyfriend got the Tom Yum soup with the chicken curry (dumplings?) and pad thai. All of which was very delicious!! The thai tea is also amazing, one of the best I've had in the city too. I definitely recommend coming here to eat!There are a lot of Thai places in the area, but this is probably my number two spot.  I think that Erawan is better if you are looking for a place to sit down with someone special.  That said, the food here is really good, and it's a go-to spot for delivery if I'm in there area and want to pick something up quick.  
The pad thai is pretty average, which isn't an insult at all.  It won't blow you away, but it is consistently good.  The drunken noodles (or whatever name the menu gives it) are also a safe bet, though they are not as spicy as a lot of other places I've gotten them from.  
All in all, good place to grab some quick Thai.  The people here are very nice.  We walked in one time and asked if we could get takeout.  They had it ready for us in about 5 minutes, and they even sat us down and got water for us while we waited for it.  It was a small gesture, but it really stuck out in my mind.Loved this place until I came in and ordered the basil chicken lunch special and the chicken was not cooked. Cooked on the outside, fleshy on the inside! Totally repulsive! They are so lucky I did not get sick! To say the least, I will not be returning again. It's no wonder the food is so quick! Examine ur food!2.5 - It's not very good, but it's passable for Thai food.
I have been a few times, and most recently my friend and I got some takeout from here. We shared the Thai fried rice with seafood and the shrimp pad Thai. I just don't like their pad Thai sauce -- to me, it tastes more like a sweet and sour sauce than what pad Thai should taste like. Both dishes were also pretty oily, and the Thai fried rice was way too salty. The portions were large, but I would prefer eating less of a good dish...The Lunch Special / Early Bird Special is available 7 days/week!  It's a great deal for a 3-course meal. The food was good and the service excellent, and I look forward to stopping by again to try my 2nd choice entree.Eeek! Methinks not.  You're better off skipping a meal. Avoid this place. You're missing nothing.  Save your $13 or $14 for something else.  The disappointing food contrasts starkly with the vibrant and thoughtful ambience.  Clean, cool environment.  Beautiful decorations adorn the walls and ceiling.  Very nice people work here.  I feel bad for them (because the dishes they serve were so disappointing that I can't imagine they can stay in business.  I ordered the early bird special, which is one appetizer, one soup, and one entree. Tom Yum soup, chicken salad appetizer, basil chicken entree. I could not drink the soup because the saltiness and concentration of flavors was through the roof, probably because it had been reheated so many times, or maybe the original mix of ingredients was bad. Unfortunately, all three dishes had too much saltiness and or MSG-type flavor enhancer. The quality of the chicken was poor. It was not fresh chicken. The vegetables were a mix of pretty good and okay quality, but that is the nicest thing I can say. I also really liked the mint leaf that was added.  I enjoyed the fresh flavor.  That was a nice touch. I also appreciated the Thai Basil leaves in my dish. The Thai Basil leaves helped.  Unfortunately, the high concentration of saltiness in the sauces essentially ruined each of the three dishes. Total disappointment.  I would not eat here again.  SORRY.  I felt excited walking to the restaurant before eating dinner, but I felt bad walking home.  :-(   I don't eat out a lot, so maybe I'm not used to cheap, fast food style restaurant food.  If your unknowing friend or coworker drags you here against your will, I suggest skipping the regular menu and ordering a dessert.  I imagine it would be hard to ruin 2 scoops of ice cream (although for $4.95 you could buy yourself a pint of green tea ice cream in Chinatown).  To be fair, my friend ate the Pad Thai and thought it was OK. But folks, we're stretching to say nice things here. Final word, AVOID.This place is great for large groups of hungry Center City workers.  On my last visit, there were at least 3 tables of 4 people who had no problem getting seated at lunch. 
Their lunch deal is one of the better ones around these parts and you don't have to sacrifice taste to get it.   For $12, you get a soup, starter, and entree.  I went with the Pad Thai and it was pretty good.  It wasn't the best, but it was definitely in the top 5, which says a lot.
The only thing is that you will be forced to work through your Thai Food Coma for the rest of the afternoon.  So delicious and so sleepy.Excellent prices, delicious food, definitely one of our favorite thai places in PhillyI was surprised to see a new Thai place with such high reviews so close to my work.  I had to try it.
My idea of a good red curry and most others' is not the same.  When looking at the menu, however, I still found myself coming back to the Red Curry and called it in.  I picked up the bag (which was neatly double-knotted and waiting for me) at the counter and "spoke" with the very nice cashier (she didn't really speak English).  With the delicious red curry smells wafting out of the bag the whole walk back to my office, when I finally got there I dug in immediately.
Much to my surprise, I had not received the dish that I ordered.  I love my red curry with bamboo shoots, eggplant, and bell pepper--just what the regular red curry comes with!!  However, I don't like meat in my curry because I feel that tofu absorbs the sauce extremely well (especially since it usually comes deep-fried and sponge-like).  Much to my dismay, there was a red curry on my desk whose vegetables included cabbage, broccoli, and carrots.  Yes, there was still 1 piece of eggplant and a few strands of bamboo shoots, but I was very disappointed (I hate broccoli and due to allergies I can't really eat uncooked carrots--which these were).  
I know what you're thinking--disappointed already and she hasn't even tasted it???  And you're right!  I ate the WHOLE thing.  The sauce was PERFECT by my standards.  I'm not a huge fan of an overly curry-y red curry sauce; I like mine with a lot of coconut milk in it.  This was IT.  I have been waiting over 2 years since I moved to Philadelphia to find this sauce (like the one I used to get back home).  
I would DEFINITELY order this again (in fact I may never try anything else there because this is so perfect).  However, mild was REALLY mild.  I would go with medium next time.  Also, the tofu did not appear to be cooked at all before being tossed into the curry.  This was very unappetizing--it was very very mushy and didn't really absorb the sauce at all.  Next time I will order red curry with chicken and I also hope that it will fix the whole vegetable issue I had this time.
All of this amazing stuff being said, I have two complaints:
1) The price.  My vegetarian curry cost $10.  Yes, it came with a pint of rice and almost a pint of red curry.  Yes, it was delicious.  No, I don't think $10 was a suitable amount for the very low ratio of "stuff to sauce" in the curry.  Especially since there were like 3-4 pieces of tofu in it.
2) I ordered take out.  At lunch time.  This is a common problem with Asian food in Philadelphia: it isn't served in a container that you can eat out of easily.  I mean, they're giving you silverware with your takeout order, so they can't expect that you're scooping it all out on a plate or something.  They make flat containers for this very purpose--you can put the rice on top and it becomes your plate.  A pint-sized soup container holding red curry that you have to add rice to makes eating a bit complicated, or at least burdensome.  (Add enough rice for a bite, take a bite.  Add enough rice for a bite, take a bite.)
I will update this as I try new things (if I can tear myself away from the red curry).Have definitely had better thai food than this place. Ended up here with a bunch of friends as the our planned destination was closed for the weekend. Got the green curry with chicken which was runny and didn't have much curry kick. The chicken was also really dry and overcooked (to the point of being way too chewy). No major redeeming qualities either. I suppose the thai iced tea wasn't half bad...Was meandering around Philly, looking for Thai food on a Saturday night. Stumbled upon this place - hadn't previous tried it, or heard of it. Gave it a shot. Staff was very friendly. The venue itself was pretty empty for a Saturday evening, not sure if that's a good thing or a bad sign. The food was alright. Could have been more flavorful (this applies for the Pad See Liew and Drunken Noodles, which were not hot). Thai iced tea and coffee were veryy sweet. Not really worth the price. I've had better at better Thai at lower prices. But it's decent.
Lots of odd lights. Like an Ikea catalog of lights.Maybe it's just for carry out, but the tofu pad thai was awful. Tofu had terrible, chewy texture and noodles had pinkish tinge. Not that Thai Singha around the corner is any better, but at least it's cheaper.
Would definitely not recommend.Good Thai food in a convenient location. The early bird lunch deal is perfect- a small portion of appetizer and a cup of soup. The chicken pot stickers are wonderfully crispy. The entrees are generous portions- the pad Thai was up to par.This place deserves much higher ratings! 
Definitely recommend the Pad Thai and Moon Dumplings.
Their desserts were a pleasant surprise. I had the Black Sticky Rice with Taro and Mango with Sticky Rice and they were both amazing! I can eat either dish as an entree and be very satisfied.
The staff were very nice too, always with big warm smiles!Perfect place for lunch break. You get one soup, one appetizer and a main course. Fabulous!Wanted el rey, only had an hour on a saturday evening, lofty goal, I know.  We crossed the street and came here.
Was not crowded at all, but seems like it gets steady enough service and a decent amount of takeout.  
Ambience is utilitarian.  Regular ol' tables and chairs. Random decorations.  You're not coming here for the decor.
Service was outstanding, fast and helpful.
It's BYO, and there is a 6 pack store across the street with an absolutely amazing selection.
The Food:
Hot & Sour Soup: I love good hot and sour.  This seemed to lean more towards the sour aspect of things.  It was overall pretty good after adding the requisite spice.  I appreciated that there was no cornstarchy-gloopiness (a real culinary term).
Thai Beef Salad:
Fresh greens, mint, onions, with a hearty helping of sliced beef, with a rice wine-soy dressing.  The beef was average.  The dressing was very good.
Drunken noodles:
I didn't order this, however, I ate some of my friends.  It was maybe a 6/10 on the standardized drunken noodle scale.
Overall, seems like a good delivery/take out option for late night, or a quick dine in scenario at a good price.  Def not a place to take friends who are feenin for some amazing thai.Every person I've taken here has been impressed. It is a good place to bring a small group of friends. The veggie Vietnamese rolls are excellent; call me Pavlov's dog but my mouth is watering for them just typing this. The service is nice, fast, and worth patronizing. It may not be the fanciest place in town, but certainly it is worth trying out.My second time eating at this cute Thai restaurant. 
I came really early so I got to pick my food out from the early dinner special which was a very a good deal since I got to pick some of my favorite Thai dishes.  I brought a friend with me so we shared our dishes. We got the tofu triangles , curry puffs, Tom yum, Tom kha, pad Thai, and mussaman curry. The food came out pretty fast and the food was delicious. The Tom yum soup would have been very good but it was a bit too salty for me. 
Service was wonderful since we were the only ones eating at that time. As soon as we were done which was a little bit after 6 , a crowd started to come in. So I am glad I got in earlier 
Overall experience Id say it was wonderfulUPDATE: I got an email from the owner and have been invited back to try it again.
This was my first time going, and I'm not going back here.  I ordered Tom Yum Soup, Spring Rolls and Seafood Pad Thai.  Going here for lunch was a mistake.  The waitress got my order wrong, and when the right order finally came out, the Pad Thai was absolutely flavorless.  I've had better at Pei Wei.  The Tom Yum soup was fantastic, but the spring rolls were depressing.Just ordered the Veggie Musaman Curry and edamame.
1.  The delivery guy was terrific and the food got here 15 minutes before schedule.  Stellar!
2.  The curry sauce was delicious, probably one of the best I have had and I eat Musaman or yellow curry every Thai place in town.  However, the veggies were hard, especially the potatoes.  So hard that it was crunchy and felt like they hadn't even been cooked but rather just thrown in with the sauce and sent to my house.  
3.  The edamame was decent and lightly salted which was great.  I hate when there is too much salt.  
All in all a good meal for the price.  I have paid less for the same but the curry tasted better than most other places.  I would definitely get take out and/or visit this place again for yummy thai, although I hope the veggies are better cooked next time.Just an overall great spot for Thai food in the area. The service is very fast and friendly, entrees are very reasonably priced, and the food is very tasty. An all around great value and experience every time I went there. You won't be sorry you tried it.Very friendly and good food. Had good time!  The crispy duck basil and thai ice tea was very good. Real good thai food.Had the lunch special here with a friend and thought the prices were great. $8.95 lunch special for soup, AND an appetizer, AND an entree. I had the tom cha soup, which has a coconut base, the curry puff as the appetizer, and the chicken pad thai.  I wasn't too impressed with the tom cha soup b/c it mostly tasted like coconut milk boiled with a few mushrooms.  However, the curry puff was crispy and its contents flavorful.  The pad thai was a really generous size and I really liked that they put tofu in it since the pad thais I've tried usually don't have tofu.
What I was especially impressed with was that the staff offered to lend us an umbrella.  When my friend and I came here, the weather was OK but it started pouring rain afterwards.  I had a tiny personal umbrella but my friend didn't.  We asked the waiter what the nearest store to buy an umbrella was, and he told us where the nearest CVS was. Later, he came back and offered to lend us an umbrella to get to CVS.  I was kind of surprised they'd have good faith in us to return the umbrella.  It was definitely a used umbrella but a monster-size one, the kind you want when it's pouring rain like it was today.  So we went out and bought an umbrella then came back and returned theirs.  I'll come back again, not just for the food but for the good faith in umbrella-lending.I went there tonight and ordered the Tom Yum Mushroom Soup to go.  Very spicy.  It was very good.  The guy was very friendly and brought me some water while I waited.  Very good soup! Just what I had wanted!Eh - it was OK.
Ordered seafood pad thai and shrimp thai fried rice for pick-up with a friend last weekend. Pro was fast pick-up - 10 minutes turn around time. Unfortunately, taste was under-average. I generally think thai food is light and fresh so I'm willing to pay more for thai food than chinese food, but the food here was greasy, salty, and just not appetizing. The pad thai almost didn't taste like the usual pad thai I have and the thai fried rice- super disappointing. Overall: Greasy and not fresh tastingSo far...this is by far the best Thai Restaurant in Philadelphia that I've been to (and I've been in Philly since 1996)
Plus the lunch special is a good size...very filling!
And the bonus...its BYOB!
Don't forget to try the Thai custard for dessert! It's served hot! So good!!
This place is authentic Thai!Being new to Thai food, I am apprehensive to try new restaurants for fear of dish variations that I can't live with. At this point, I am only willing to eat Drunken Noodles sans vegetables plus beef (Boring, but I'm still getting my feet wet with ethnic food). After having an amazing dish at another local spot, I was very nervous to try it elsewhere. With some prodding from my boyfriend, I gave Bangkok Thai 9 a try. The noodles were FABULOUS! Absolutely fantastic dish. My boyfriend gave their Pad Thai with chicken a try and was very pleased. We both got take out from the restaurant, but ordered inside and waited for our food. The waits staff were extremely pleasant and even offered us waters while we waited. Our food came out quickly and was delicious. Will DEFINITELY be ordering here again.Not sure about dine-in, but the delivery was terrible.  Would not try again.   I had asked for two orders of Chicken Pot Stickers, I received one.  They were terribly chewy and dry anyways.  The Tom Kha Soup was ok.  Not too much flavor and the coconut milk was broken up into little bits.  Lots of large chunks of burnt ginger, little bits of chicken - not too appetizing.  The Beef Pad Thai was dry overall, the beef was chewy and dry.  Ugh.Kinda wish I walked an extra few blocks to go to other thai places instead. :-( So so sad. A friend and I wanted to do a different place, but it was closed, so we opted for the next closest thing...this place. Service was extremely fast and nice, but the food was severely lacking. We both ordered off of the lunch menu.
Tom yum soup - where is the flavor??? it tasted like tomato to me. No spicyness or sourness to it.
Spring Roll - this was actually pretty good. I enjoyed the nice crisp and the stuffing inside was flavorful.
Beef Pad See ewe - So, I asked for this thing to be thai spicy (normally isn't a spicy dish, but other thai places make it spicy for me). The guy said ok. The thing came out with not even a single pepper flake. I ate it and NO SPICE!!!! I had to ask for peppers on the side. I like it so much better when it's cooked with spice. It soaks it up more! This dish was ok, but it could have been sooo much better. If only they got my order right, they might have gotten better than 2 stars.My girlfriend and I decided to eat here on a whim. She ordered the Drunken Noodles, and I decided upon the Bangkok Fried Rice, and both of us suffered horrendous food poisoning. She and I are fairly well-traveled people, and having eaten some of the most outlandish food this world has to offer, I am absolutely astonished that a Philadelphia Thai restaurant did us in. 
I have seen that the owner tends to read these reviews and offer free meals to those who were unsatisfied with the offending dish. To the owner: please do not contact me. I will never eat at this establishment again, and this review will stay up with the hopes that you will improve the quality of your food.Bangkok Thai 9 is a great place. I went there once for dinner, and liked it a lot so I ended up throwing an event for around 60 people there. The owner was incredibly accommodating with our event, and eating there was a great experience. They brought us out so much food, so many appetizers, catered to what we needed, and did it all for a very reasonable price. The basil fried rice with chicken was delicious, as was the green curry and the appetizer platter (chicken satay, spring rolls, dumplings). Everybody had a great time, and it was a BYOB, which made the event even more affordable and fun. I'd definitely recommend this place to anybody looking for a good dinner or a good place to throw an event.Do not order here. Poor service, only 1/3 of the take out container filled both times we ordered from here. We called to complain and they said that's their portion size and it's not their problem we weren't happy. I will never order from here again. NOW that's THEIR problem!! 
Go get Viet Thai on 9th & Race. Out of this world in quality, taste and portion sizes!!I was literally just eating my tofu pad thai and found a piece of METAL WIRE in my food!!!!!!!!! What the hell?!?!?! How do i post a picture of this?Good food, really quiet environment.  Pad see ew is my go to and it was delicious.  Not much to say otherwise - they probably are great for take out.I ordered from Bangkok Thai 9 through folder (it had 4/5 stars) because I was craving a good pad thai. I ordered the vegetarian pad thai and spring rolls. When it arrived, the spring rolls were unpleasantly mostly noodle filler (and were cold). I put them aside and dug into my "Pad Thai". The description online says the pad thai is supposed to have "Thin rice noodles stir fried with tofu, egg, bean sprout, sliced bean curd, crushed peanuts and scallion in chef's tamarind sauce." 
I was excited to dig in, but realized quickly that my pad thai had no egg, no scallion and no peanuts. They added random veggies like broccoli (since when is that in tofu pad thai?) and the tofu was akin to a dehydrated sponge. The sauce was tasteless as it was overwhelmed by the grease and the burnt taste from the charred veggies. YUCK!
ORDER FROM BANANA LEAF. YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT! This was disgusting and I can't believe I wasted $20 on my order. UGH.Let me start by saying I love Thai food, and don't think I have extremely high standards.  I merely expect the typical dishes (Drunken noodles, Basil fried rice, etc.) to be done well.  
I ordered delivery.
Pros:
- Tom Yum Soup - pretty decent.  Definitely flavorful.
Cons:
- No utensils or napkins. Are you kidding me?  Who sends out a delivery order without any way to eat the food?  Even a pair of chopsticks would have been appreciated.
- Basil Fried Rice.  I asked it to be "very spicy" and got something mild, at best.  More importantly, there just isn't much flavor to this dish.  I feel like I'm getting a bland chicken and rice, not one of my go-to Thai dishes.
Overall, pretty disappointed.  These guys were close to my apartment, would have loved to have a decent Thai place nearby.Absolutely the best red curry I have had! I tend to order the same dish everywhere I go and this place has consistently made a perfect sauce with a great complement of vegetables and the chicken is always tender! I generally order take out and each time the wait is less then 15 minutes.
I recommend this place highly!!Went here for lunch.  The lunch specials were amazing.  Soup, appetizer and pad thai entree for less than $10.  The food and service was outstanding. The location is great.  The decor is very nice.  Will definitely be back.interior... pleasing
menu... full of options
chicken satay app... yummm and piping hot
chicken thai basil... spicy and full of fresh veggies
thai iced tea... super sweet, i was warned.They had good food once upon a time. Not anymore. Chicken was chewy and uncooked. Won't be back. Try Thai singa houseAny place that goes the extra step to put my $6 bottle of wine on ice (no, I didn't ask!) is a winner in my book. In all seriousness, I was impressed with Bangkok Thai. Given the lack of good Thai options in Center City, Bangkok is on the same level as Erawan- the only other decent place around.  
Pros:
-Service was excellent
-Food arrived quickly
-Beef pad thai- I liked this more than the beef pad thai at Erawan. Lots of beef, great flavor, and generous portion. 
-The food was good enough for me to consider coming back or getting delivery next time I want some Thai.  
Cons:
-The spring roll was decent- crunchy, not greasy, inside had flavor...but I'd be willing to put a $5 bet that they were frozen. If not, then a small baby step above it, though still good. 
-The dumplings fell second to the one's at Erawan. These seemed pre-prepared too. 
Pro/Con: Tom Yum was very good...but it didn't have enough spicy.Pretty sweet lunch specials, which go until 4 PM!  Depending on your choice of protein, you get a 3-course lunch for $8.95 to $11.95.  Chicken and Beef are in the $8.95 group.  Yes, the portions for the specials are a bit smaller, but I finished my meal and was satisfied knowing I wouldn't be hungry in an hour.
My lunch consisted of Tom Kha Soup, Chicken Curry Puff, and Beef Panang Curry.  The soup was balanced with coconut and no doubt the best part of my meal.  The Chicken Curry Puff was enjoyable, but nondescript. The Panang was solid as well, with a good heavy amount of beef.  However, the curry was not as thick as I'm used to with Panang.  Overall, my first experience told me Bangkok Thai 9 would be worth checking out again for another lunch special.Great spot for decent Thai food. Lunchtime was busy but it was worth the wait. $8.95 for soup, a spring roll and pad thai and all of them were yummy. I would go back here to try more of their noodle dishes, even w/out the lunch deal.Had lunch there today and I loved it.  Tom Yum soup is out of this world.  Everything was good.  Very flavorful.  The owner is very friendly and waited on me.   Felt very welcome and comfortable.They can make any of their dishes vegetarian which is a big plus!
The portion sizes are pretty reasonable for the price they charge.  
Its a BYOB. The place is never packed during dinner but they do a lot of take out/delivery.Unimpressed. Granted it was delivery, but there were barely any veggies in my Veggie Drunken Noodle - minimal flavor, other than an overly salty taste. Overall a pretty major disappointment.Always good, always fresh and flavorful.  Friendly service and good prices.  Took two friends there tonight.  They loved it!I went there for dinner on Wednesday Night and it wasn't bad.  The Chicken Satay was a little dry and it was nothing special.  It was a little on the bland side.  The Pik Khing was good although the green beans could have been a little more tender.  I wish that they had brown rice as an alternative to the white rice.  The Thai Custard was really good.  The service was satisfactory and I had no complaints.  The decor was charming.Almost 3 stars because there are so many better offerings in Philly, especially in the Chinatown area, but other than Erawan and Bangkok Thai 9, Rittenhouse is lacking for the most part - so 4 stars it is! 
---------------------------------------------------
Earlier this year, I was feeling a bit under the weather so was in the mood for some pho after work. Located in the Rittenhouse area, Bangkok Thai 9 seemed to fit the bill. So I stopped by to pick up some pad thai for the GF and pho for me! 
Chicken Pad Thai ($11.95)
Thin rice noodles, chicken, egg, bean sprout, sliced bean curd, crushed peanuts, scallion, tamarind 
The pad thai was filled with chicken, tofu, bean sprouts, peanuts, and scallion. Gluttonous flat noodles were coated with a sweet and savory sauce that coated the mouth nicely, with nuggets of egg throughout. Still this was simply good, not great.
Beef Pho ($9.95)
The beef pho was just what I was looking for - though I've had better. Still, you could see the umami of the stock that goes into this dish. Since this was takeout, the noodles, bean sprouts, and greens were packaged separately.
Mixed together, this was a decent iteration of pho. You could smell the cinnamon and savory sweetness off the bat. While the beef was a bit thick and overcooked, the entirety of the dish was well-seasoned, with the cilantro providing herbaceousness. The mix of fresh veggies and al dente noodles along with the great stock helped to clear any congestion. A few squirts of sriracha added in? Even better!
So if you're far from Chinatown and need a quick hit of Thai food or pho, stop by Bangkok Thai - they serve up decent renditions.Went here last Friday for dinner. The place was virtually empty, so I was seated and served right away. My thoughts below:
Appetizer: I tried the sampler. This was four different types of dumplings, egg rolls, shrimp toast, and chicken satay, served with five sauces. Decidedly mixed results here. The chicken satay were plump, juicy, and tasted wonderful in the peanut sauce. On the other end of the spectrum, the shrimp toast were so bland as to be tasteless, and had a weird, almost slimy texture on the inside. I couldn't eat more than a single bite of them. The dumplings were all pretty good, although I would have appreciated being helped out with which sauce was supposed to go with which dumpling. The price was reasonable, at $14 for what was almost a full entree's worth of food in and of itself.
Main: I went to the 'house specialties' section of the menu and got the Bangkok Passion Beef. The beef tasted very good; the ginger was perhaps a touch too strong but the meat still tasted delicious, and the rice was cooked properly and went well with the meat. There wasn't that much meat, though, the dish was mostly vegetables, and for $15 (and a specialty to boot) I would have expected it to have more meat. I was filled, but I don't think I would have been as satisfied if I hadn't had the appetizer first. Still, it tasted good.
Service: Prompt, pleasant, and fine in all respects. 
Final thoughts: I might come back. If I do, I'll stick with just the chicken satay for appetizer, and I'll try something else for the entree such as a curry or somesuch. 
Rating: High side of three stars, but the shrimp toast disaster, sauce confusion, and the portion issue on the entree prevent it from quite getting to 4-stars.In line with other reviews, some of the soups are weak (the cucumber was more like cucumber tea = hot water, a few chunks of cucumber and 1 block of tofu). Tom Kha, (coconut) however was very flavorful.  
Pad Thai, Pik Khing and Ginger Stir Fry were all very good.  We also had "Thai Spicy" Basil Fried Rice which was HOT (and hot again the next day). 
The service was pretty good and the restaurant brightly decorated.  I would definitely go back.Delivery order.  Pho: this was not pho. This was a beef soup and they provided some rice noodles. Green papaya salad: one of the worst we ever had. Garlic tofu: this was at least edible, even tasty. The one redeeming dish. Vegetable fried rice: greasy, tasteless. Never again.Great early diner deal (4-6pm) with soup, appetizer, and entree. Curry is all pretty good -- good not great. I judge thai restaurants by their green curry chicken  -- Could use some more spice and the coconut milk is a little subdued. Bangkok fried rice was good but a little salty. 
Still haven't found a really fantastic Thai place in Philly.For the limited Asian cuisine in Center City, Bangkok Thai 9 does pretty decent Thai food and has been my go-to place for takeout. Solid pad see ew, pad thai, mee goreng, and some of the better curries I've tried in the city. I happen to like their basil fried rice for its heat. Timely service and reasonably priced.Took a friend here today and they never dissapoint.  The staff is always gracious, friendly and the food is excellent.  Best Tom Yum in the city.  I am a fussy eater and this place has the best Thai Food around Center City.  My friend was very impressed!  I had Sweet Basil with tofu and veggies and he had Chicken pad Thai.  and he had Excellent.  The Mango Sticky Rice was perfect as a desert! Love this place!It was nearly completely dead when we went here (admittedly, it was at 8:30pm on St. Patrick's Day, so yeah...). Aside from the lack of dining compatriots, the experience here was pleasant. No corkage fee that I can recall, and the food was your standard Thai fare. Nothing particularly memorable about it, other than its lack of spiciness (I told them "Very, very, very, very, very, very spicy" and it even said "Thai spicy" on the receipt, but noooo, it was not Thai spicy). My chicken basil fried rice was otherwise quite pleasant if not life-changing.
The waiter was also really awkward but in an endearing way. He was fun.Eventhough they switched this over from Thai Chef & Noodle Fusion, i still enjoy this place and am extremely happy that they are still living up to my high expecations. I've only been here once since they've changed the name (and I'm guessing management) but so far still so good. 
The prices have remained cheap and the portions are still large and satisfying. The food is delicious and the service has gotten better. I have had the korean spicy noodles, curry, and have sampled from various other thai dishes. All delicious.  And yep, it's still byo. Oh boy! This is a go to Thai place for me whenever i'm in the center city area and craving the combination. 
The only reason why I can't give these guys 5 stars is because of the desserts. They're selection has downgraded and I am unhappy about that. When they had it, their fried ice-cream was DELICIOUS. They no longer offer it, and only seem to have either green tea and coconut ice cream. The green tea Ice cream was icey and freezer burned. 
Dear managers, please bring back the fried ice cream or at least some vanilla ice cream. Kay Thanks.I came across this restaurant while walking through the city on vacation and was drawn in by the Specials board posted out front. The decor is welcoming and elegant with a very "make yourself at home" feel. Tom my server was fantastic and the duck I ordered was crisp yet tender. I have nothing but positive things to say about my experience, it's definitely worth stopping by!The service was very fast, and the food was exquisite.
We ordered the moon dumplings, pineapple fried rice, yellow curry chicken, and panang curry chicken. All of it was delicious. The curries were smooth and savory.
They chilled our white wine immediately, and were not at all concerned when we sat and chatted for a bit post meal. Definitely a great little place.