Our first time here last night and we love it! Sat at the bar with my fiancé and tried a few items on the menu. 
Beef brisket Bao- we actually ordered the pork belly Bao but I think our server misunderstood us. It was something new to our taste. It's all the flavors of pho in a sandwich. Not bad! 
Pork belly banh mi- Delicious! It was the all true authentic flavors of a banh mi. 
Papaya salad with shrimp- the flavors were light with subtle aromatics just enough where I don't feel overwhelmed when eating something too salty. 
Brisket pho- it's ok. The aromatic herbs in the broth may be a bit too strong. 
Cocktails- we had the East meets West, French sazarac, and coffee brandy. Loved all of it. Must get the East meets West.... its a coconut bourbon cocktail in a coconut shell!! 
Although it is a bit pricey than your normal Vietnamese pho/ banh mi restaurant in south Philly, we don't mine. The service/staff were really awesome, we didn't feel rushed, and we enjoyed the whole ambience!!My boyfriend and I heard about this place and decided to try it out one night. When we walked in, we were seated at the bar. Apparently, there was some kind of private event going on and after ten minutes they told us to leave! It was the most awkward and embarrassing experience. The bar didn't seem to be filled and there were tables up front that looked like they were having separate dining so I was so confused. Obviously the management and staff were just as confused to what was going on at their restaurant that night. Everyone just stared at us and we felt like it was our fault we were invited to sit at the bar. Next time, post up a sign or close your doors if you don't want people coming in during your open hours.If I could eat here everyday, I would. 
Amazing pho or foot or fuhhhh or whatever it's called. 
Fuhhhhkn eat here.I recently had lunch at Banh Mi and Bottles with a group of artists after a sketching event near the restaurant. The service was very good for 10 people, with separate checks! The server was knowledgeable and very patient! They have an excellent on-tap beer selection and extensive menu. The atmosphere was engaging and fun! I had vegetarian Pho, which was excellent! I'm looking forward to a return visit!The atmosphere in here is a pleasant surprise. Wonderful food, awesome beer selection. Great idea of authentic food with a modern twist. Cant wait for their happy hour menu to come out. This is a spot I can see myself becoming a regular at. Great addition to the neighborhood. Great staff too! Highly recommended!! 5 stars all around.Great spot. Great beer. Great food. Lee was a awesome bartender/server. We will be back again and again.$9 for this banh mi and this is what I get... I'm very disappointed because their hoagies are never like this the multiple times I've ordered and eaten from there. I picked up food to go and when I first opened up my hoagie and realized how hard the bread was, I couldn't eat it because that's not what I expected at all so I gave them a call and explained to them the situation and they were more than glad to replace the hoagie and just to make sure I didn't have another hard hoagie I specifically asked for it to be lightly toasted and when I got my second hoagie which is in the picture posted. I got the same exact hard hoagie and couldn't enjoy it at all.  On top of that, they've changed the meats for their super sauce deluxe hoagie so it really was disappointing to me.Decided to try this place out based off of reviews online. Was highly disappointed. After being rushed through our order by the waitress, who didn't bother to ask for a drink order, let alone give us time to contemplate one, was never seen again. Our food was brought out by somebody else and she never checked back in. She went to other tables multiple times while we were ignored. Very poor service. Food was ok, only a few slices of brisket on the sandwich though. But either way I will not be back and will tell everyone I know to avoid this place too. Would rather get a nice hearty Steak from Jims for the 11 bucks.I've been frequenting this spot since it opened and it's gotten better and better from the first weeks. After more than a dozen visits this might be my new favorite spot in Philly. 
     First, this is by far the most reasonably priced spot to try new and interesting bottled and canned beers and then take a six pack home of your favorites. The selection is always rotating and is fantastic with over 300 beers. I'm also a huge fan of the cider selection. 
     Second the cocktails are spot on, I mean honestly some of the best I've ever had. The staff really know their stuff when it comes to classics and the drink menu and pairing you up with the right drink. The spirit selection is also really great. Not what you would expect at all. Non of the usual things but a great selection. 
     Third the food hits that perfect middle ground for me between comfortable, affordable (last night I had an app, two drinks, and an entree for 39 dollars!?!), and tasty/quality while being unique. Also the take out is great, and the vegetarian options are as good as the regular dishes. 
        It gets busy but at the same time when its full and jamming it's pretty fun. It is casual but the service is astoundingly good. I've had servers explain to me everything from how to best eat pho, to perfect beers to drink with my food. The vibe is chill and inviting with great music (rotates from Americana to chill pop to more avant guard remixes). 
Over all I find this to be a fantastic addition to the south st corridor.Pretty good bahn mi.  I ordered the tofu bahn mi.  They were willing to add pâté for me which is always a plus.  It was a well balanced sandwich, as a bahn mi should be.  Bread was nice and soft with a noticeable crusting without being hard.  The bahn mi was served with a sort of pho au jus dipping sauce.  This is an interesting concept that I haven't had before, but I don't really think that it is necessary.  The sandwich hold up well on its own.  
The pork bao buns were also very good.  The buns themselves were light and airy, the meat, veggies and sauce all paired well together.  Sometimes these buns have too much sauce for me, but that wasn't the case here.  Very good.  
They have a number of interesting beers available in the cooler.  I was able to find a Great Divide Colette Farmhouse Ale, which is usually not available.  
Staff was pleasant and accommodating.  It is a little inconvenient that you need to wait for a staff member to open the bottles and cans that you get out of the cooler, but I understand the reasoning for this.We liked it here! We came during happy hour and had the bao bun, chicken wings, and papaya salad for $3 each. We also go the half banh mi and pho combo. Overall we liked everything but the bao bun with pork was my favorite.  The chicken was double fried and crispy and the sauce had kind of a vinegary flavor and tasty. The pho tasted like it was a vegetable broth but I am not positive.I've been wanting to try this place for a while, and today I did finally. 
Beer selection was great. Beers were displayed according it's categories, such as IPAs, tripels, saisons, etc.
After picking up the bottle I wanted, I sat at the bar and ordered Pho Brisket Bahn Mi. It was not typical bahn mi style, because it lacked pickled daikons, carrots and jalapinos. But with bean sprouts and cilantro it was nice variation of Vietnamese flavors. The soup (or beef  au jus) was also good. 
It will be a great place to sneak out and have a bottle of beer (or two of them) on your workday. 
I will come back and try other menus. When other menus are as good as today's brisket bahn mi, I will give it a five stars.My favorite new place in the neighborhood. The broth in their Pho is excellent, very flavorful. Tasty papaya salad and summer rolls. Extensive selection of beers. And a hipper vibe than the more traditional Vietnamese places in town.I didn't just drive through  traffic for a entire hour to get a bahn mi porkbelly sandwich and the rolls are stale and hard as a fucking rock.
Will never buy another thing from here. I need to get my money back. I don't feel like driving in traffic another hour to get it. I think this review is enough.  I am so disappointed especially after I got one last week. No wonder the place was empty! I should call but then what will that do hopefully they will read the reviews! STOP SERVING STALE ROLLS what else is old!?Very nice ambiance. A bit dark, but good amount of space to have a nice conversation. The service was hit-or-miss. Food came out really fast, but I think they were maybe still training a server tonight? 
Although a bit pricey, the banh mi is the true shining star. The bread is so amazing, and their pork belly is so on-point. Pho size is a bit small but could hold its own against maybe like a Pho Express sort of quality. Tamarind wings were a bit on the fish saucey side, but the batter was really good; reminded me of a Korean fried chicken. Ribs were solid. 
The prices are ehhhh but overall the food is really great. 
Happy hour consists of $5 street bites and -$1 off the draft list.I am quite the picky restaurant critic, but I got a say, this place has no complaints from my part! It's all praise! It all started with finding a parking spot right outside the restaurant, having a really nice waitress, clean bathrooms, huge selection of beer and cider and then the food...
Let me tell you about the food!!! We started off with the brisket Bao Buns that have been some of  h best bao buns I've ever had in the east coast. Then my boyfriend ordered the Vietnamese coffee and the rice bowl with pork belly. He was delighted. 
But my dish was the absolute best, I had the surf and turf noodle dish. And IT WAS AMAZING! The shrimp were bomba and so was the steak, cooked to perfection. Also the noodles themselves and the veggies and the dressing mixed so well together. Will definitely be coming back!!My boyfriend and I have been saying we would stop by this place because he loves banh mi and enjoys more authentic Vietnamese food and we finally stopped by Sunday; we did not regret it! 
Definitely coming back for more. 
Their pho, banh mi, and east meets West was awesomeVietnamese food now has a city slick makeover. Banh Mi & Bottle is a unique eatery with a compelling menu that combines the flavors of Southeast Asia. I highly recommend the tamarind wings, a combination that never cross my mind, but works.This place a such a gem. Loved the ambience which is very casual and relaxed. Good selection of craft beers. Get their half banh mi and bowl of pho deal for $14. Their mushroom pho is a dream for a pescatarian like me. The tofu brisket banh mi was ok. Service was awesome and friendly.The obama bowl was DELICIOUS! Although it's pricey, the dish has so much volume and has a little bit of everything. Fresh vermicelli as a base, crispy cucumbers and other pickled veggies, amazingly flavorful charred pork, meat balls, and generously sized fried egg rolls. All topped with peanuts and sliced basil and drizzled with cold sauce. You will be so full and so satisfied after eating this.Great drinks and huge beer selection. Servers are friendly and attentive. Octopus, bahn mi and pho are delicious. Some people have commented on the price points but I did not find them excessive. Also great place to grab a 6 pack to go.Atmosphere: 5/5 trendy & hipster
Presentation: 4.5/5
Food & Coffee quality: 3.5
- not traditional Viet if that's what you are looking for
Bang for your buck: 2/5 (bahn mi is $9-11 which is overpriced compared to traditional Viet places)
Service: 4/5: attentive workers but lack organization. 
- 2 minutes after our main waitress returned our credit card for our signature, a different waittress came by to swipe our card again. She already started walking away and we had to call out after her to inform her it was already swiped. 
Pros: 
-Awesome atmosphere that is perfect for a nice date, drinking beer with friends, or hanging out with coworkers for happy hour. 
- Food is very friendly gateway to Viet food for anyone unfamiliar with traditional Viet food (fish sauce I am looking at you)
- they also specialize in beer with 6 fridges full of beer as well as a full bar 
- clean bathrooms ;)
Review: 
** Disclosure: I am an Asian Food snob and lover of traditional Viet food, so this review may be somewhat biased.** 
- Summer roll: 3.5/5 for Happy Hour pricing of $5
(2 rolls cut into 6 pieces) 
Sauce was underwhelming. Rather than the traditional peanut dipping sauce, you get hoisin sauce with peanut topping. 
- Imperial roll (aka Egg roll): 4.5/5 for Happy Hour pricing of $5
(2 rolls cut diagonally into 4 pieces)
Double fried! Meaty goodness! I kinda wish it wasn't cut diagonally, though that it just my personal preference. I can't believe I'm saying this (as I LOVE meaty egg rolls), but it could use a tad bit more veggies- there were only a couple pickled veggies sprinkled in. Cilantro would have been awesome. 
- Brisket Bahn Mi: 3.5/5 for $11
Minus 0.5 because the "au jus" it comes with is actually just pho soup with cilantro. Don't get me wrong, the soup is great pho soup (nice and clean) and I love cilantros, but calling it "au jus" was disappointingly misleading. I wish it was simply called "dipping sauce". 
The Brisket was good and definitely needed dipping sauce as it was a bit dry in parts. There was again a sprinkling of jalapeño and a dab of a spicy mayo-ish sauce to lighten it up, which I personally wish there was a little more of to give this bahn mi more complexity in flavor. Overall a good bahn mi, but not worth the $11. 
- Cold Cuts Bahn Mi: 4.5/5 for $9
Delicious cold cuts on a soft bahn mi bread. My only wish is that there was a good helping of jalapeño and cilantro but it was already pretty good. Fiancé was fighting me over my half of this bahn mi :P  
- Iced Viet Coffee: 3/5 
Small cup of iced coffee came pre-mixed. Tastes like regular American coffee, but I'm used to being given the hot viet style drip coffee that you wait to finish dripping into condensed milk before mixing and pouring into the cup of ice they bring. Not sure if it is due to the pre-mixing or the fine coffee grains they used, but there was a LOT of coffee grains floating on top of the ice. 
TLDR: Awesome trendy place to bring people, especially if you like beer. May not necessarily be the place you take to impress a foodie if they are used to $6 traditional style Bahn mi.Bartender was awesome, food and drinks were outstanding. Great service and a good place to go to meet up with friends or go on a date! Had a blast, thanks guys!My husband and I ordered the Vegetarian Summer Rolls and the chicken Banh Mi sandwich. The summer rolls weren't bad but unfortunately we ended up throwing half of the Banh Mi sandwich away. And my husband is not one to let food go to waste! We even tried masking the taste with the dipping sauces from the summer rolls. The sandwich was on a thin roll and was not only expensive for $9 (and this is coming from a New Yorker!) but it lacked in overall taste. I know Banh Mi sandwiches all differ, but the menu unfortunately doesn't specify what they put in theirs. I was hoping for some pickled veggies, cilantro and flavored mayo, but instead there just was pâté and chicken.Funky little place on south street (no surprises there). Restaurant has lots of rice and noodle bowls and other great choices. Pork belly, tofu, shrimp, lemongrass chicken. We got a pork belly rice bowl and a combo (small pho and a little sandwich), and both of them were much larger than anticipated and delicious. Got the artichoke iced tea, which REALLY tastes like artichokes. I'm not sure if I'd get it again, but I did like it. decent amount of beer on tap. definitely will be back!My friends and I went here last night, excited to try this place for the first time. We had high expectations because of the reviews and the concept of the restaurant.
Me and one friend got the pork belly banh mi, another got the vermicelli and the other got the half pork belly banh mi and small beef pho.
The pork belly banh mi was pretty good. The pork was very soft and was cooked well. We hoped that it would have came with jalapeños for that spicy kick, but instead we were given sriracha, which sufficed.
The vermicelli was good, according to my friend. But she also said it wasn't good enough to come back for more.
The pho was interesting. It didn't taste like any other pho that I've tried but it was flavorful.
The service was ok. It was a busy Friday night so we expected it. The food took longer than expected though. Also, my friends water glass was so dirty. Even though we had straws, she felt gross drinking out of it. I understand weekends can get crazy, but cleanliness shouldn't be forgotten.A very good place to relax from everyday bustle. Often I am stuck after a hard day's work. Very good selection of beer. As always, the service is excellent. I recommend those who want to just relax from the heavy daily routine.Cool concept, bottle shop has a pretty solid selection and if you can't find anything to suit your desires they also have a full bar with draft beers and a fancy cocktail in a coconut (though I am pretty sure it's made with whiskey so I haven't managed to try it yet). The banh mi is pretty good, about $9-$10 and the pho is similar in price. They have a deal where you can get a small pho and half a banh mi for $14 which is a pretty good deal. Only negative - pho is just above average. Definitely a fun spot to go with friends though.Very good Vietnamese restaurant. I got recommended by my friend and she is completely right about this. Both beef & chicken noodles soups are very tasty & no MSG, taste very close to home. Definitely recommend this place. The owner is also very nice.Was that one piece of leaf suppose to justify the price of the chicken wings?
Came here late night, can only order banh mi and appys. Banh mi was $9 and was mediocre at best and added way too much pickled veggies. Wasn't bad though.
Bar scene, food was be better if I was intoxicatedJust finished the last meal I will probably ever eat at Bahn Mi and Bottles.  I want to like this place. The concept is great. Some of the dishes are tasty. But, the execution, time after time, just gets worse and worse. The service was so bad tonight that the manager/owner covered our bill. He felt bad that there was a problem with EVERY item we ordered. Three of the four dishes were good; the vegetable rice bowl was bland and not worth the 70 minute wait. But what made me give this one star instead of three was the bartender. I will never sit at his bar again. He could not bring himself to apologize for any aspect of this nonstop snafu. Instead he decided good customer service was saying things like "if you want *more* pork I can get it for you" (about a disk where the pork was obviously forgotten, not in low quantity); and "we save money on wine by having stemless glassware" (in response to serving a glass of wine at approximately 80 degrees which has nothing to do with stemware); and after he realized he hadn't brought the aforementioned rice bowl, he never again even made eye contact with us. We were patient, polite, and even left him a $20 tip on a $0 bill, but I won't be back. I don't write reviews like this, ever, but I hope that perhaps it might prevent you from having this sort of night. I would do anything to have those two hours (yes, two hours for four snacks) back.What a tasty place. I've been about 3x, the first time being during their soft opening and a few other times since just to have an opportunity to eat the chicken banh mi again.
The soft opening wasn't the best service experience, but that wasn't a glimpse into the future. Service is great and the availability of a bottle shop is always a welcome option in the neighborhood. 
Good value, good food, dark interior but still a very nice option. The Chicken Banh Mi still pops up in my dreams every once in a while.That was probably one of the best pork belly bahn mi sandwiches I've ever had outside of tiny hole in the wall Vietnamese spots. I was craving one all day and was very pleased with stopping in here on my way home. They also have a great beer selection,  for my fellow craft beer lovers in the philly areas.I have been to this place like 15 times now and it's great (so good, that I am writing my first yelp review!!!)I've only been here a few times but had great experiences. The first time i got half beef pho and a half pork belly banh mi. The pho was a pretty significant portion and was on par. Banh mi sandwich was also tasty and prepared well.
My second experience, I was downing some cider at the bar and decided to share some chicken wings with my friend. They're fried and crispy which is always great. We got two sauces. I honestly can't remember what kind, but they were great.Pho is amazing.  Service is quick and great.  So nice.   So happy my girl lives right here bc I will be here twice a week eating and getting fat. HahaThe food at BM&B is definitely more on the putting-new-spins-on-traditional-dishes side. If you're used to super authentic Vietnamese food and expecting the same thing here, you might be in for a surprise. This is not necessarily a bad thing. The menu is more on the creative side. I've been coming here since they first opened more than a year ago and I have to say they definitely improved. Some of the previous reviews touched on the pricing - I think it's fair based on their concept. If Nam Phuong was to charge me these prices, I would have blasted them. This is more like a Vietnamese Nomad's in a sea of Lorenzo's - if you live in Bella Vista, you'll get the comparison. Some of the other reviews touched on the service side - I have to admit things move on the slower side here, especially when the crowd picks up. The food is undoubtedly fresh though. I usually get the BnB Dinner, which is half a banh mi and a small pho, totally fulfilling. They have vegetarian options as well. Definitely give it a try if you're in the neighborhood and looking for something other than a cheesesteak. If you're a Vietnamese foody, try it with an open mind.BEST VERMICELLI!!! The vermicelli' sooooo good! A must try! The beef pho's pretty good too. It's a very interesting mix of bar and Vietnamese restaurant. Should come to visit!Tamarind chicken had too much fish sauce, and Bahn Mi was inauthentic. The waitress was sweet, and the decor was calm and interesting. Nice spot to grab a drink at the bar, and listen to some chill music.The food here is quite tasty, and they have great cocktails.  The prices however are a bit expensive for what you get.Extremely amazing service that explained the menu items to a point and suggestions depending on what you enjoy. The drinks have a tasteful twist to your traditional drinks and if you want a beer from their 8 fridges there's plenty to choose from. PHO is a must order with bountiful amounts of flavor you'll enjoy every bite and sip. A new restaurant that has many years of success.Things this B&B has in common with my other favorite B&B (Bob & Barbaras): they have citywides, they have an eclectic playlist, and it is seriously amazing! Differences: They have really good cocktails, really amazing food, and your feet won't stick to the floor (also no drag queens).
Things this B&B has in common with AirBnB: welcoming atmosphere, hidden gem, cheap price point, you can select whatever beer you want out of a massive fridge (wait, is that not how AirBnB works?), and the staff will more likely than not be a hipster with a manbun. Differences: Service is super attentive, knowledgeable, and awesome, bathrooms are clean, space is open with lots of room for seating, and it's conveniently located on South St.
The concept is Vietnamese street food and I am very into it. Think of this as the Vietnamese version of Southgate, or Royal Sushi and Izakaya. The price point is more than traditional Vietnamese and more than regular street food, but bonus, the staff will acknowledge your existence and you will not be standing on the street trying to balance your wallet, sandwich, and drink. 
BANH MIS (and other things too!)
They have a decent selection of banh mis for $9 each (pork belly, brisket, chicken, super sauce deluxe, and 2 types of tofu - "chicken" and "brisket"), 3 types of pho for $9 or $11 (beef, chicken, and mushroom- VEGETARIANS THIS IS NOT A DRILL), some rice and noodle bowls, and a bunch of snacks. 
Their B&B special is an awesome deal for $14- you get a half banh mi or snack and small (pretty large) bowl of pho. Snacks include wings, squid, papaya salad, rolls, bao buns, and skewers priced between $6-12. 
The pho brisket banh mi is served with pho meat, pickled basil and bean sprouts, and served with a pho jus, like their take on a french dip sandwich, but basically a pho in sandwich form.
The super sauce deluxe comes with traditional Vietnamese cold cuts and pate and was also pretty good, both were expertly toasted on delicious bread and decent sized.
The grilled squid ($9) came with 2 dipping sauces and was snappy without being rubbery.
The tamarind wings ($9) are not to be missed- super crispy (think korean fried chicken wing level) good sized portion, and great flavor.
The pho broth doesn't taste like your typical Washington Ave bowl of pho, and the small bowl  for $9 definitely isn't as big as those you can get on Washington Ave for $6.75, but the noodles, sides, and meat are good and its probably healthier for you. Unless you're a vegetarian looking for that elusive veg pho, I'd recommend skipping the Pho and going with the snacks and banh mis.
BOTTLES (and other things too!)
Massive selection of bottles with a great cider, sour, and IPA selection.
But don't get too distracted by these, because they also have drafts, wine, and really food cocktails (the Long Goodbye with mezcal, cilantro, lime, and mint was delicious $11).
Welcome to Philly B&B! I will definitely BB, bb (be back, baby).Simply, this place is awesome. Go there. Eat there. Sit at Ginevra's bar and hear about all of the incredible things they have to eat and drink. 
B & B is the perfect casual Vietnamese restaurant and bar. Their drinks are top notch and their beers are unrivaled. Also, the price of draft beers are very reasonable for the quality. 
Try the brisket bahn mi, the buns, and both the beef and chicken pho. 
Come from wherever you are in the city.This hipster restaurant is great for lunch. Not only is the name clever, they have a pretty attractive interior, and serves a solid (albeit small) banh mi. Still, it was enough to leave you filled (but not overfilled), without breaking the bank. My only regret is that I didn't get a bottle to accompany my meal. I would come back again if I was in the mood - but I will say that this place comes with fusion restaurant prices, and not your typical food-cart prices.Awesome place to check out if you want to try something new. Good sized beer selection with interesting drink menu. Had a good crowd on a Friday night. The Tamarind wings were delicious! Definitely ,how I imagined it to be.  Overall, a great place with reasonable pricing.Banh mi and craft beer. Sign me up. Thoroughly impressed with the food and atmosphere. Will be back soon.Food was good, but they tried to charge me 23 for a 6 dollar beer and then charged automatic gratuity. Really glad I had checked the bill or would have been cheated significantly.The food is amazing!! Best bao buns I've ever had. The portions are huge and everything is delicious! I had the half banh mi half pho and was amazed by how big a half was!!! Can't wait to come back.I've been here several times since they opened., and BnB has never disappointed. First, the food is great with plenty of veg. options, at a reasonable price point. I think the pho here tastes more like the pho I've had in Saigon (thicker flat noodles, black pepper on top) vs. the Washington ave./ Chinatown spots. All of the banh mis I have tried have been great. They have a full bar and an awesome citywide that includes a rotating tap selection, paired with some kind of herby homemade shot (no idea what it is, but I love the stuff). The decor/ atmosphere really works as well. 
I don't care too much for the bottle shop portion. I think I would still prefer nearby Foodery for that, but its a nice addition nonetheless.Great place to get Banh Mi. A little on the expensive side, but the flavor is definitely a step above other places, so it's worth it. Also a great place just to pop in for quick food in a relaxed setting. Their glazed rib appetizer is also amazing, they are so addictive, can't stop thinking about them. And their bottle beer selection is great too. Have introduced several people to this place and they have all loved it.We came to Banh Mi and Bottles for Mother's Day. The food was very flavorful and great portions- Pho was amazing! Unfortunately although our waiter was kind the service was still very slow. We had to wait 10 minutes just to ask for sauce. And to top things off we never got one of the meals that was ordered and we had to return 4 of our drinks. I would like to come back again for the food but wish it was better experience.Really neat spot. They have a good selection of grab and go beers.I was looking for Vault Brewing Co. which basically no one carries, so they didn't have that, but they do have beers in cans that I only ever see in bottles anywhere else, such as Troegs Troegenator pounders and 12oz cans of 2SP Bellcracker.
The dude who works at the front who checks you out (or I guess seats you if you get food?) was really nice and helpful. There were no prices on the bottles, but two 12oz cans turned out to be $6 and some change. That's normal. I'm glad it didn't turn out to be more (like some other overpriced grab and go beer stores I've been to). 
I'll come back to try the food next time.I generally am not the type to set out and write a review about a restaurant at all given my husband has worked in the industry and I have a lot of patience. Though the experience I had at BM&B was incredibly disappointing. I have been super stoked about this place since I heard of its opening and decided to give it a shot. After being seated promptly, everything after that took awfully long. Our appetizers weren't too bad, but awaiting for our bahn mis was close to an hour wait. It's something I would not have minded, though there was no communication between us and the servers. We were constantly overlooked or brushed off. Waiting to get our check took another half hour after being ignored over and over my servers who were right next to us. 
The food itself was subpar. The brisket bao buns were a great highlight, though. The bahn mi I could have done without. No rich flavors or textures you get with a great bahn mi. We skipped on drinks, given the menu is already pricey for what you are given. 
The most disappointing was the lack of communication and service in general. I may come back. I know friends who have had great times here. May have been an off night. I'd stick to the appetizers and drinks.This was a good spot for a quick bite and drink. Surprisingly awesome tequila selection. Unfortunately, our food was never rung in and we waited for quit sometime before we received it (and we only received half of our order). The service staff was friendly and knowledgeable, but based on the experience I think this was a one time try.I'm so happy this place is in the neighborhood! Delicious food, awesome service, and a really excellent cocktail list. 
I went to Banh Mi and Bottles for my birthday and could not have been happier. The wait was a little long, seeing as we walked in at 7:30 as a group of six. But we got a drink at Brauhaus next door while we waited the 45 minutes, and it was very worth it. We all ordered cocktails, and I got to try two of them - the Pimm's cup and the G&T. Both were delicious, and the G&T in particular was a standout, very herbal and different. The quality and creativity of cocktails you get here rivals some of the swankier speakeasy-type places in Philly, but the prices are so reasonable! They are also a bottle shop, and have a huge selection of international and more off-beat beers. 
On to the food: I got the Pho Brisket Banh mi and it was incredible. They give you a little bowl of Pho broth to dip your Banh mi in - such a great idea, and the broth was delicious on its own too. The meat was tender and flavorful, and nothing was dry. A few people at my table got the Pho and were very happy, plus they serve the Pho with a variety of DIY fixings like lime, bean sprouts, et cetera. 
Finally, the service - my friend must have slipped it to the waiter that it was my birthday, and they brought out not one but two surprises, including a round of birthday shots with a little candle on mine! The food came out so fast, too. 
So, long story short, go here. It's tasty, it's so reasonably priced, and the overall vibe is just wonderful. Love B&B!Stopped in for lunch on South St.  Very casual and nice ambience (regular tables, a couple of picnic style tables and expansive bar). Service was great and staff was informative. Beer selection (draft and bottles) was quite extensive. The food was great.  Loved the Obama Vermicelli Bowl (rice noodles, pickled veggies, lettuce, herbs, grilled pork, imperial roll).  Wow! It was very flavorful.  My wife had the pork belly Banh Mi sandwich and she loved it as well. Excellent Vietnamese establishment and very reasonable prices as well.  Will definitely take friends and family there.My wife and I have had dinner here a few times, and each meal was awesome. We've had bahn mi's, pho and great wings. I love their beer selection too. Highly recommend.Nice chill vibes. Great customer service. Food was PHOnomenal ....even the vegan food was good!Drinks were pretty amazing too. Looking forward to coming back.Everything about this place is amazing! Servers are great and so is the food and choices.As a wing conoisseur i am very skeptical of non traditional wings, but the Tamarind wings are probably the best I've ever had in Philly.  Very sad this place opened up right as we were leaving the neighborhood.  Very fun atmosphere - imagine the Vietnamese version of  The Foodery.
Would absolutely go againThis place is pretty cool.  If you want bahn me, pho, and a bunch of other vietnamese street food with some kick ass specialty cocktails, then this is your place.  The vibe is comfortable and relaxed.  They have a very large bar with a couple of tv's so you can slurp your pho and watch games..score.  They have a few beers on tap as well as an area where you can buy your own bottled beer and then drink it with your meal.  We had the steak bahn mi and the pho.  I thought the bahn mi needed a little more punch and a little more meat on the bun.  The last 2 inches of the roll were naked.  The pho was good but could also be bumped up..I like to feel like I'm getting a nice warm hug when I'm eating it and this pho make me feel like I was getting a side hug.  I still give it 5 stars as the cocktails were great, beer selection was great and we all around liked the relaxed vibe.Brilliant food and amazing beer selection! So many brews to choose from. Banh mi were perfectly textured, bread was crispy and chewy. Got the salty seafood snack which had super delicious scallops. Very reasonably priced, would definitely come back.Cool ambience, love the self serve beer fridges...had the Bahn Mi and Pho combo...really good...I recommend!This place is nice, has an Asian American theme, Food was great, amazing customer service. Always smiling while greating is and serving as well. Very on point with the water refil and check ups. Much appreciated!! Will be back soon!!The pho brisket sandwich was sooooooooooo good. It took a while to come out but it was pretty crowded on a Friday night. It is all i have been thinking about since I had it. God darn. The best thing to happen to South St in a decade.Now this, ladies and gentleman, is my kind of place. A hip, chill bar with a great atmosphere. Cold Beers. Great Pho. Tasty Sandwiches. What more could you ask for? It's not the best beer bar, nor is it the best Pho/Banh Mi restaurant, but it is a solid four-star place [See my edited review below]. Once the weather cools down a bit, I'm sure I'll add this to my weekly routine to fill my cold belly with some warm Pho.
My only complaint is the staff, which actually isn't a huge deal. They seem out of it sometimes, and occasionally mess up the order - both food and drinks. However, the right items come out not too long after.
EDIT: This place went from a solid four-star restaurant to a three-star restaurant. Why? My biggest pet peeve is when people [Represenatives of a Business] shortchange the customer. The bill is $32.18; instead of receiving $7.82 in change ($40 Paid), I received $7. Where is my $0.82? Not trying to be cheap, but it's my money, not yours. It's stealing. *Numbers were an example, not a true figure as I can't remember.They do have vegetarian choices! We had the papaya salad, portobello mushroom pho, and the tofu bahn mi. All were very good. Great selection of bottled beers too!I was very content with my full meal! A bit pricey but I would definitely come back. 
"Pork belly Bao" definitely one of my favorite. Savory and sweet!
 bun"Beef Pho" was excellent! Lots of beef, the soup and veggies were also perfect! 
"Beef brisket banh Mi" was also great! Not exactly the traditional banh mi sandwich but was still good! 
"The East Meets west" cocktail wasn't bad, very cool aesthetic presentation in a young freshly hacked coconutGreat Banh Mi sandwiches, with light crunchy fresh bread. My favorite is the pork belly. The pork belly bao buns are also very good. 
But the TAMARIND WINGS are really KILLER! Amazingly delicous!! Might be the best wings in Philly!! So good!!!Such a cool place! I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE that you can go pick out your own beer to have with your meal. Food and service was delicious. We had pork belly buns , tamarind wings primo , and the brisket bahn mi extra primo .  Service was attentive and friendly too. We'll be back for sure.THEY RAN OUT OF FOOD! 
This is a good sign. I am super anxious to try food here soon... the menu looks amazing. The drink list is awesome, the wall of beers is incredible, and the staff is super nice. 
I am very excited to have this great addition in the neighborhood. I love Pho Ha, live a block away from it, so I know this food will be delicious. 
Since there was no food, we had a liquid dinner. The beer list is interesting, and the drinks are even more interesting. The cool thing was realizing that we didn't recognize most of the bottles behind the bar. 
Be back soon!I have bought great beer at this cute place, but didn't think to come back and eat here. I had lunch there two days ago and was blown away! Admittedly, I am no expert on pho, but damn! This was outstanding soup. My friend got a vermicelli bowl and was equally wowed. The very friendly owners and their adorable baby were circulating and chatting with customers. Service was attentive, the place was spotless and clean, decor was well put together and a nice respite from south street madness. Just a really pleasant experience from start to finish. I predict I'll be in there at least once a week!Overpriced Vietnamese food with small portions. Very hipsters restaurant and the food is alright. Took awhile for food to come out to be considered street food.Awesome spot nestled in the busyness of South Street. Great food, great atmosphere, great beer selection. I recommend the papaya salad with shrimp, brisket Banh mi, and taking a seat at the bar to drift into the sublime style atmosphere. Will definitely be back!We stopped in for lunch on a whim and were pleasantly surprised. We both agreed that the spring roll pork & shrimp appetizer were the best we've ever had. And we've certainly had our fair share! The pho was also equally delicious and full of flavor. We paired lunch up with a delicious craft beer and both said we're coming back again.I got the Pho + banhi mi special and ordered the tamarind tofu banhi mi with the Vegetarian pho. I loved loved the pho. The veggie broth was flavorful and delicious! The banh mi was eh..I really like QT Vietnamese in  Chinatown. The tamarind was kind of sweet and it's not the flavor profile i typically like. I'd love for them to have a spicy tofu banh mi. 
Service was friendly. Other guests were loud. But I definitely hope to come back!Stopped in on our way to Cape May as it was recommended by our concierge at the Loews Hotel.  Mushroom pho was delicious as was the imperial roll.  Bartender served me an old fashioned w/ a cold brew mix.  It was great.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  Easy to miss tho because the name outside is very small.  Instead there is a large B and B outside the door.  I highly recommend!The food here is phenomenal! I love the pho and banh mi combo, small bowl with half a sandwich. I was shocked that it was as delicious as other Vietnamese restaurants I frequent. Then I found out the owners are actually Vietnamese. No wonder the food is so spot on. I also recommend the crosscut ribs. The cocktails are great too! They have a decent bar program, not to mention the bottled beer selection. 
My only criticism would be the bartenders aren't very friendly. They aren't rude either, but it's clear when their friends come in and all of the sudden they're super talkative and glued to that particular customer, while my glass remains empty. My partner and I have come in several times and are never warmly greeted. I can get that type of service at the Viet spots on Washington and pay less of a premium. That being said, it's not a dealbreaker. Just an observation. Obviously I have and will continue to return for that delicious food!Ehh... food is good and atmosphere is nice but it's hipster heaven and definitely pricey for what it is. Also service is appallingly slow. Been there twice and it was good enough but prob wouldn't go back.We love this restaurant- started by young couple that are very welcoming. They have half a dozen good draft selections and a fridge full of other good beer. 
The food is fresh, healthy and presented in s more modern way than traditional Vietnamese restaurants. Papaya Salad was colorful, crunchy and full of great flavor. We also had vegetarian summer rolls.