I Absolutely Love this place!!!!! This is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.The quality is exceptional and  the quantity is pretty good.Their versatile menu allows for some of my family members who are not the biggest fans of Indian food to come back and ask for more and  convert.I was a fan of this place and I love love love Indian Food, but it has gone downhill. Service is lackluster and the server was bordering on rude. The vegetable samosa was good but the peas in the filling were hard. Some of the nan was overcharred and  the server refused to replace them. The lamb Rojan Josh was flavorful and matched the spice level I requested, but was a small portion for the price. 
The restaurant was cold and very dimly lit. It seems to me  that the management is trying to save as much money as possible and the once kind, generous, friendly service and atmosphere is a thing of the past. Such a shame!Food and service was excellent. We got a combo platter that was a special to try a little bit of everything and figure out what we liked, and we couldn't pick what was best because everything was great! We wanted to sit outside but none of the tables were set up and they said it was no problem and set it up just for us. Also it is byob and there is a liquor store right next door so you don't even have to plan ahead! Overall good experience and we will definitely be back.It's great to have a *very* good quality Indian restaurant in a top of the Hill location! I have not dined in yet - I have ordered food for takeout several times. They ask what spice level you want on a 1-10 scale and I usually aim for a 5 which is good but not crazy spicy. I have tried the samosa, lamb dishes, chicken dishes, and several vegetarian dishes. All have been excellent and obviously freshly prepared to order. I definitely recommend the restaurant and look forward to continuing to enjoy their excellent food for many years to come! Give them a try!
By the way, if you dine in, it's BYOB and conveniently located next to the PA Wine & Sprits store! ;-)DO NOT DO THEIR DELIVERY!! When I went there for dinner I was beyond amazed at how delicious their tikka masala and lamb curry were as well as the service. Hence why I wanted again. However, my second experience with it via delivery was the worst! Not only was it an hour and a half wait but my food was cold, which doesn't bode well when part of your order included fried foods. When I called them they did not seem to have any sense of how late it was. Lesson learned.This place is my go to place for great Indian food!! No complaints! Except.... the spice level. Never do 8 lol I was not made for it. 5 is the best level for good spicy food.Probably the best biryani I've ever had!  Beautiful atmosphere and the food was delicious, but my only complaint was our waiter was rather rude and not very attentive.  I was beginning to wonder if he was going to take our order as he assisted others who came in after us before he took our order.  Rather strange and I have to admit, it rubbed me wrong.  I would have given this place 5 stars if it were not for that waiters attitude.  All in all, we would definitely return and maybe luck out with a different person to wait on us!Food is decent - better than other Indian restaurants in the Chestnut Hill / Mount Airy area, but also more expensive than their competitors. The space hasn't changed much since they took over from Heirloom and is VERY loud when busy. They've been open for a couple of months now and the service still seems disorganized and chaotic.Delicious Indian food. The naan is soooo good. The foods do run on the spicier side so if you are sensitive to that be aware.I had a take out last week. I ordered chicken biriyani, biryani was too overcooked and dont have enough rice or chicken pieces. Price is too high. Never again to this restaurant.Just had a great lunch at this new Indian place at the top of Chestnut Hill, at the site of the former Heirloom restaurant that closed last year. 
The vegetable Samosa was excellent, as was the Chicken prepared two ways.  The entree comes with a freshly cooked Nan and rice.   
Their prices are quite reasonable, the service was fast and very friendly.   What a welcome addition to the neighborhood!Quite excellent! We were a party of four, two of whom have traveled to India, and prefer Indian to almost any other cuisine,  all of us  vegetarian, with two pure vegan.  We were glad to see both vegetarian and vegan items clearly labeled on the menu, and felt everything we ordered was wonderful. The Baingan Bharta and Bhindi Masala were especially good, as was the Daal Makhani - the differing textures and flavors of these dishes complemented one another well! All were ordered with a spice level of "medium," which suited us perfectly - each pleasantly, but not overwhelming hot. 
The staff were all very attentive, and our waitress very kindly told us to let her know if we needed more rice - there was plenty served, but it was nice to have the offer.
The lunch menu looks to be a nice value, we hope to return to try it!Great food and service!
We got the aloo chaat, lamb chops, and blue cheese naan (yummy!). The owner, Manesh and service staff, Sudip, are such a pleasure!!!
Definitely going backService is slow. Came on Saturday night and waited about 45 minutes for the food. When it arrived it was good . Apparently they did a lot of take-out that night and slowed down the kitchen.EXCELLENT - haven't dined in, only take out. The food is absolutely delicious and the staff was very customer friendly and polite.Fantastic and delicious! What else can you ask for?
I love the biryani and the lamb korma. They also have great breads. 
Beautiful ambiance and service and you can call in and they pack it up to go.
With a wine store just a few steps away, this is a perfect place for lunch or dinner.Okay, I'm not impressed with this Indian food. Huge price tag on mediocre food. Indian food is known to be on the pricy side, but this place doesn't live up to their price. I had the vindaloo and chicken Biryani.After my bad experience eatlier today, my hungry stomach needed to be fed and I was not let down one bit! From the great service to the tasteful food! 
It was a fantastic experience and delicious indeed. 
The place and pretty and clean. Very welcoming.I'm in the middle of my lunch and already looking forward to the next take-out order.  
Nothing much surprising on the menu, but the familiar dishes are done so well. Complex, well-balanced flavors and serious heat if that's what you want. I'd say 7 is the highest you'd want to go on their heat scale if you wish to sweat but not be debilitated. Even then.... 
Have you, too, become jaded by the local offerings, Indian and otherwise? Banjara should restore your belief in tastiness.If you want to judge the food make sure you order it and pick it up yourself. Don't do delivery. The food is awesome. Best Indian food  I've ever had. And I'm Indian.I loved this place ..the food was great ...panner tikka was little sweet which was different and I loved it ...main course was usual one and good ..finally the dessert was the best of all..mango sundae mouth watering fresh mango pulp ..I really recommend the mango sundae 5star ......I agree with a previous poster. When Banhara first opened, we really liked it. About six months later, we came back and noticed the waitstaff was different. A change of hands, maybe? When the food wasn't as good, we knew something must have changed. We came back two more times and same thing - food was definitely not as good. So disappointing as we live close by. We now only go to Saffron in Ambler, which is always consistently good, or Nirvana in Lafayette Hill which is the next best thing.Best Indian food in the Northwest, I think.  We went there on a slow Thursday night and were greeted warmly.  The food was well-presented, and plenty of it.  Good news is that because it's a BYOB our bill only came to 74 for the 3 of us.  Most def headed back there soon.Excellent Indian Food in a great setting.  All of the food was delicious [Naan, Daal, Chicken Tikka, Aloo Gobhi] the service was excellent and all of the staff was friendly & helpful.  We'll be going back for sure!One of my favorite Indian places!
Ambiance - 
This restaurant is nice but not stuffy - the type of place that feels like a nice dining experience but where you don't feel out of place in jeans and a t-shirt. I love the fact that they have soft Indian music playing - really adds to the atmosphere and gets me excited for a delicious meal. 
Food -
I am not Indian so I can't comment on the authenticity of the dishes, but as an American I love it! Delicious compared to other Indian restaurants in Philadelphia and with generous portions. The Naan is soft and not crispy which I love. When you order they ask how spicy you want the food on a scale of 1-10 and every time I have ordered they have been on-point, neither too spicy or too mild. 
Drink - 
BYOB or enjoy a traditional Mango Lassi! You can't go wrong either way!
Service - 
Service is friendly and attentive. The waiter is happy to explain any dishes and make recommendations which is great if this is one of your first forays into Indian cuisine or you'd like to try something new. Our water glasses never sit more than half empty and the waiter always seems to come around right when we need him. A+ for the great but no frills service. 
Value - 
I personally find Indian food expensive wherever you go - never less than $15 once you factor in the cost of Naan (a must!). While this place is no different, the fact that it is BYOB makes up for a lot of savings and it is definitely worth it! Most people will have leftovers to take home - so all in all I would say it is worth it!Tried them for lunch and am glad I did. I had the Panak Paneer and Mango Lassi. Everything was delicious.I was really hoping to like this place. We've been struggling to find good Indian good in Philly. This place didn't cut it. The flavors were mild and bland. Just not very good. They were very nice and the service was professional. But I'm sorry, the food was subpar.Disappointing.  We ordered delivery early on an Sunday night (around 4:30), and the delivery took well over an hour.  Overall, the food is expensive and mediocre at best.  Across the board, all of the food was extremely salty (almost inedible) and lacked any real flavor beyond the salt.  The main dishes we ordered - channa masala, chicken korma, and malia kofta were more sauce than anything.  Considering the high prices of the entrees, I would have expected larger portions of actual food and not just sauce. On a positive note, the person who took our order and the delivery person were very friendly.  I really wanted to like this place, but would probably not order here again unless they improve the food and delivery time.We had lunch here yesterday, and we had a fantastic dining experience. Our server was excellent, taking the time to explain various dishes and also making some of his own recommendations. I had the Chicken Tika, and thanks to comments here, I picked a level 3 for heat when asked. It had a little spice, but in the future, I think I'd request a little more spice--maybe 4 or 5.  For both of us, the chicken was tender and flavorful, not the reheated mush you can sometimes get in Indian restaurants. The basmati rice was perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the naan was light and non-greasy. This is the best Indian food I've had since being in India. In all, we both loved our meals and are looking forward to going back.The food here is really good: the lamb and veggie dishes, the garlic naan, and cumin rice were delicious! 
The chai doesn't come with milk so we asked for some to mix in and it ended up being just tasteless so that was disappointing. 
And the service was so so slow. It was also during the Harry Potter festival so they were definitely understaffed and did their best but it took too much of my day to go through the ordering, waiting, and paying processes.ORDING TAKE OUT - This place is my go to place for great Indian food!! No complaints! Except.... the spice level. Never do 8 lol I was not made for it. 5 is the best level for good spicy 
HOWEVER... dining in, the service is not the best. It took them an hour to bring out entree. The tables next to us got there food before us and they came after us. 
It's disappointing when the food is sooo good but the service is terrible. I will only ORDER TAKE OUT
Guess since they think it's BYOB they don't have to do much work.Great new Indian restaurant in Chestnut Hill. I've loved Tiffin for years, but Banjara takes it up a notch with food and atmosphere. Extra points for byob right next to the liquor store.Entrees are way too expensive for small quantity.. Food was good but they could lower price on breads and entrI sorta dropped in on this place randomly last night. I like Indian food a lot, and there were plenty of open seats here. 
The food is definitely good. My somosa chaat seemed to be a little bit more Americanized, or refined, than I am used to. It was a little bit sweeter than expected, but it was tasty, and the portion was large. 
The chicken korma was delicious. I asked for spicy, and it could probably have used a little more spice, but it was very good. I do, however, feel like the portion was a little small for $16. 
This place is good, and will likely do well. As said, it seems to be slightly adapted to the area, but overall a very good BYO to try.The appetizers we're the stand outs of this meal. The samosas were honestly I think some of the best samosas of my life. We also had an eggplant dish that was amazing. For the main course we did a lamb vindaloo, chicken Tikka massala and a seafood curry. All of the entrees we're good but I don't think we ordered well in terms of spice level. Some people at my table expressed worry over things being too spicy so we ordered things mild. I just think it really took away from the flavor of the dishes and definitely would want to try all the entrees again much spicier and see if that improves the flavor. We also had Naan which was excellent. Finally just as a heads up this place is byobDisappointed. New restaurant in town and I love Indian food. I ordered delivery. Shrimp Biryani and Samosas. 
The delivery took well over an hour to arrive. The biryani rice is greasy and oily. Reminiscent of rice from a Chinese restaurant. The shrimp was decent though. Spices in the biryani was severely lacking.. SEVERELY. I ordered "spicy" as the option and it was mild at best. The raita sauce was made with cheap yogurt and very, very thick. The taste of yogurt was very overpowering and if you know good Indian food, the raita is not supposed to overpower the dish. 
The samosa was very good!
Will not order from again. I'll stick with tiffin and biryani bowl in the chestnut hill area.Great service  very friendly. Great Indian cuisine. Listen to to recommendations. Wonderful spices. Perfect Naan.Excellent Indian in Chestnut Hill. Great atmosphere and terrific food.  Reasonably priced and attentive service. Overall great experience. Highly recommended.Delicious Indian with gracious service and lovely ambience. Routinely visit and also order for delivery. We are so happy this spot has a great restaurant in it again! If you crave Indian, give this place a try - you will get hooked!My husband and I are excited that an excellent Indian restaurant has finally opened up here.  We have dined in 4 times since it opened a month ago.  This is maybe the highest quality Indian restaurant I have been to.  The food is expertly prepared and we already tried to recreate their shrimp appetizer (nashile zhinga) at home.  The atmosphere is attractive and peaceful and the service so attentive.  The waiters already know our favorite orders.  I cannot eat dairy or gluten and they were very careful to help me with the menu.  If you want to order anything without milk (esp. paneer), just ask and they will do their best to accommodate you.  Most of all, we are happy to have something of this caliber available at reasonable prices.  We are looking forward to them having delivery service as well.
I asked my husband if there is anything else to say about the restaurant and he says, "What is there to say? The food is Baller!"This is at least  our fourth time here. Really delicious food.  Everything was very fresh.  Unique takes on appetizers - Aloo tiki and chaat like I've never had before.  And service is so friendly - you feel like  you are guests in their home.Solid Indian food in a charming setting at the top of Chestnut Hill.  The navratam veggies were excellent, and also enjoyed the naan and paneer app.  Service was warm and friendly.  On the other hand, we didn't care for the avocado chaat ... it wasn't as highly flavored as I like in my chaat.So good!! I had the chicken korma and it was amazing!! We also got the fig naan and garlic naan - the rest of my party loved their meals as well. This is real authentic indian like I haven't found in a long time. The service is great and super friendly.I came here with a dinner group that I meet with once a month. The food was outstanding! 
I always have loved BYOBs and this one didn't disappoint. Conveniently located next to a Wine and Spirits store I was able to choose from a wide selection of wines to pair with my meal.
And the meal was great! I had a specialty dish for the appetizer and entree. I had Chicken Heaven for appetizer. It was a fried chicken with an outstanding spice. The entree was a braised lamb shank. It was slow cooked to perfection. It paired perfectly with the biriyani.
The service was great. Friendly and informative. You are able to choose the level of spice from 1 to 10. I went with a four and it was good but I will go with a 6 next time.
I will be returning!Perhaps the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to. I have trouble digesting dishes with grease or processed ingredients- and so it's clear the food from this place doesn't use either, which means only the best ingredients. I'm willing to pay more money for that.Always DELICIOUS and EXCEPTIONAL service. Dave is fantastic and the whole team is wonderful like the food. Very considerate of spice levels and a huge selection of dishes. Thanks!Great addition to the Chestnut Hill restaurant scene with tasty Indian food. Unlike many Indian restaurants, the food is not heavy. The palak paneer (spinach and paneer cheese) is smooth, spicy (not too spicy) with strips of ginger on top. For dessert, best kir I have ever eaten. Enjoy!Sub-par just ok Indian food. All the sauces were flavorless and watered down. We ordered delivery: 2 samosas and 2 mutter paneer. The samosas were good but sauces were watered down and flavorless. The mutter paneer was the TINIEST portion especially for $15 and the sauce was watery, had no flavor, and absolutely no spice. Hard pass for us. BlehBanjara is amazing! We loved all of the dishes we tried (vegetarians). So happy to have a great Indian BYOB in Chestnut Hill and plan to come a lot. The vegetarian sampler platter is a great deal and lets you try many different dishes so that you can learn your favorites for the future!If you like Indian food you should definitely try. Standard dishes very well executed ( korma, tikka, vindaloo etc) plus some lovely inventive things, esp among the appetizers .  Here on a crowded Saturday night, so one star off for slight slowness, but still... yum.I really like this place. Its really nice decor and super clean. I've been several times and am in love with their fig naan. I like that you get to control the spice level in your dishes. The wait staff is very helpful and nice. I'll definitely be back.The paneer tikka masala and garlic naan are really good. I can't give this place a 5 out of 5, but it is very close. If you like tasty Indian food, this is your place.Extremely frustrated at the level of customer service. Ordered through the Eat24 app, called us 30 minutes later to say they decided they weren't delivering. How is that my problem? The food is alright, but what breaks the place for me is their inability to provide proper service and communicate to potential patrons.Good food, good vibe, ok service. Went there on a sold out Saturday night and they did a decent job of getting a seated and explaining the menu. All four of us were impressed by the quality and variety of the items delivered. It's a bring your own bottle and we had to ask three different waiters in order to get our second bottle of wine uncorked.  When waiters were available they were knowledgeable about the menu and very pleasant to deal with however there was quite a few times when we couldn't get anyone's attention. Would definitely recommend the restaurant as the food was exceptional.Chestnut Hill has a fine new upscale Indian restaurant.  In fact it is one that lovers of Indian cuisine will want to check out wherever they live in Philadelphia.  Banjara (the name refers to the nomads of India) offers the flavors of India with particular emphasis on Northern Indian cuisine.  A recent meal here was most pleasant.  I started with the Papadam basket.  Here the papadam is made from lentil and the accompanying chutneys are tamarind and mint as well as a very tasty kachumber.  I stayed vegetarian for my main course and ordered the Navaratan Korma,  You pick the spice level on a 1-10 scale and I chose 7.  The 7 felt about a medium to me - indeed I asked for chili sauce so I could up the heat - so for those who don't like spice, I'm sure a 1 or a 2 will be very, very mild.  I liked my Navaratan Korma but I do think the Korma sauce could be just a little more distinctive in its flavor - I don't know maybe add a little more cumin or black pepper or ginger or some spice.  The basmati rice accompanying it was perfectly cooked.  Now especially good was the homemade naan bread which was included with my entrée.  It was baked on the premises and was totally light and fluffy and full of flavor.  The meal ended with a knockout Kheer (rice pudding) desert which was truly one of the best rice puddings I have ever tasted in my life!  Lightly sprinkled with pistachios it was totally delicious - def order it.  The service provided by Shan was both friendly and efficient and adorned with a smile!  I think all in all, this is my favorite Indian restaurant that I have eaten in for a while in the Philly area and I'm going to round my rating up to a full five stars!This restaurant was phenomenal ! Fresh, delicious and very diverse. Three of us were all different--a vegetarian, a meat lover and a gluten free individual--and we were all so happy! If you haven't tried Indian food--this is the place to go!!!!!!Nice ambiance, pleasant service and EXCELLENT food  We've found our Indian food restaurant!Ever since I moved to Philly I have been on the lookout for the restaurants that will be my go when I feel like eating out. I visited a few places but came by this gem a few weeks ago- and it continues to astound me! I love Biryani and order it everytime we go there but my boyfriend usually tries something different since he likes to explore the menu and has never been disappointed
 I grew up in India and this is by far the most authentic food I've had outside of India... I cant wait for my next trip there!!!The last three visits have been a bit hit or miss (mostly miss). The kitchen staff may be different? I don't know. The depth of flavor is missing lately (e.g. last visit...the once smoky baingan bharta tasted just like any version one could find anywhere). The menu has not been updated to reflect items they no longer prepare.
I so want this place to succeed. The staff is very nice! I hope they can regain the consistency of superb food that made this place truly outstanding.The food was horrible but ambience was nice. I found the Bartha to be undercooked and lacked flavor. The malai kofta was not fresh and the rotis were stale. If you are looking for a sub standard indian restaurant with below average food then this is the right place for you.I purchased take out.  Everything was really good, though they could have provided more rice with the meal.  I plan to go eat at the restaurant soon.  The space is very nice.Banjara is the best Indian Restaurant in Philadelphia, and I may go so far as to say on the East coast. The flavors are aromatic and their food is rich in flavor and texture. Been to every Indian restaurant within a 50 mile radius and this takes the prize home. This place is a must, their vegetarian options are plentiful and their chicken tikka masala, biryani, and spinach saag are delicious. My friend was a vegetarian and one was a vegan and we all loved our entrees.  The staff is quite friendly and informative about the cuisine. Beautiful restaurant with mouth watering food. GO!! GO!! GO!!I love the food at Banjara! Everything I've tried is well prepared and tastes delicious. You can select how hot/spicy you would like your meal on a 1 to 10 scale which gives flexibility in matching your personal preference. They have a very broad menu from delicious fig naan, staples such as onion bhaji, pakora, navaratan korma, chicken tikka, right down to some delicious authentic Indian desserts. They also have daily specials. Well worth a visit!I have only been there once, but every single thing we ordered was perfect. My favorite was the Lasooni Gohbi. Which is tempura cauliflower in spicy red sauce. I always order it if it is on a menu so I have had it many many times at several different Indian spots. This was the best I have ever had. 
I walk by this place all the time because it's next to the liquor store and I have a drinking problem, and I've noticed that it's pretty empty for dinner until Friday and Saturday. I advise going early in the week to take advantage of this. Our food came out in five minutes and everything was perfectly paced. 
The server was a little standoffish, but that's how I like it. However, the owner was friendly and attentive....but not too hovering.It may quite possibly be the best Indian restaurant in the city. Hyperbole? Perhaps.  But I have eaten at them all and Banjara is at the very least on par with Ekta (and surpasses them in some dishes with the complexity of flavors). The menu is diverse and reflects dishes from a number of the cuisines of India. The biriyani IS the best in the city. And the staff are incredibly nice.
We went on a whim. One of the best culinary experiences I have had in Chestnut Hill in recent memory.I recently attended dinner with some friends at Banjara but was unfortunately disappointed by the service and the food. Our party was served one incorrect dish initially which they corrected but took about 10 additional minutes to do so. We also waited a pretty inordinate amount of time for our main meal to arrive, at least 30 minutes, so it was a good 45 min to an hour before we could even begin eating.
We were also double charged on the bill, which again was pretty frustrating even though they fixed it after I asked. All in all between the mediocre food and the poor service I was very disappointed and would not return based on my first experience.Finally a local Indian restaurant with some spice!  The friendly waitstaff request that you rate the level of spiciness of each dish on a 1-10 scale.  A warning to the spice-averse:  I requested that my 12 year old daughter's dish be prepared at a level 3, while the adult dishes were level 7, and even the level 3 dish had a respectable kick.  We ordered eggplant baignan, korma, and chicken tikka masala for my daughter, and all were well prepared and perfectly seasoned with a generous portion of fluffy basmati rice--enough for dinner for 3 people and leftovers the next day.  My only critique:  I found a few cloves in the sauce which could surprise the inattentive diner.  Very happy about this BYO addition to Chestnut Hill, located in the old Heirloom restaurant space.I've been 50% Indian, 100% of my life and eaten in untold numbers of Indian friends and families homes as well as Indian restaurants in many states (not to mention three different countries; one of which is India). My Mom and girlfriend and I ate there over the weekend and enjoyed the food, atmosphere and servers. Best service I've ever had in any Indian restaurant! I do recommend going either lower on their 1 to 10 spiciness scale OR getting some raitha to cool it down. I asked for a 7 and next time I'll go for a 6. My Mom had a 6 and was happy and  my girlfriend who isn't a fan of spicy food went with a 3 and loved it. Great place and highly recommend it!This restaurant is a little bit hidden in a strip of offices and restaurants slightly off of Germantown Avenue, but once you find it, you will be rewarded! The restaurant is small and cozy. (Make a reservation!) The aloo tiki (potato patties) was delicious and came with three great sauces. The chicken korma and chicken tikka masala were both great. The basmati rice was perfectly cooked and the nan was really good and crispy. The prices weren't bad either. I recommend this restaurant!