This is the WORST restaurant in the Philadelphia airport!!  Great beer selection, the food made me sick, and when I asked for the check so I could run to the bathroom and throw up, the waitress still charged me for it.  And the manager had the service skills of of a honey badger.   If you want a beer and are flying out of D Terminal stop on by.  But if you want friendly service and at least mediocre food, stay the heck away from here.My husband and I were hungry but we didn't want to eat too much either as we were rushing to catch our flight. We split the pastrami sandwich and we ordered fries too. The sandwich was very good! Too good for airport food. We also shared a drink. It was grapefruit juice with basil and rum, which was tasty too! They forgot about our fries and they came after we almost finished the drink and sandwich, that's why I took one star off, but I gave them 5 stars again because they bartender was nice with me and my crabby husband lolReally disappointing. We did not have the issues with delays in service or getting food, actually pretty prompt. The issue is that what is described on the menu does not even resemble what you get. The Bloody Mary sounded great, was actually just boring mix and vodka with a lime wedge on top. The pulled pork burrito was inedible and the hash browns were basically uncooked. Husband had the omelet and said he ate it just because he was starving but then felt sick after. Super unfortunate as we love Michael Symon.We asked and were given permission to sit down at a high top near our gate. The restaurant was relatively dead. As one of the four of us had a menu and had the intention of ordering another restaurant employee (Shakeena) walked over made us get up since we had not ordered. She was not kind nor professional in her approach. We politely got up and left. As our flight was delayed we went back to the host stand and Shakeena did not acknowledge us. Eventually, she reluctantly acknowledged us and sat us down. We sat and waiting for our server for about 5 minutes. When she did come to the table, Alicia, was kind, helpful, and detailed. We appreciated her service.Nice concept but I waited 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge me.  I finally get a menu and the server disappears.  Another server eventually came and took my order.  I feel bad.  The woman next to me waited even longer to get a glass of wine. 
I ordered a simple salad. It was decent but hard to eat.  The salad was cut too small and the tines of the fork were too broad to effectively stab the lettuce greens.  I finally gave up after trying to eat half.  
The menu looks good.  I'm a fellow Cleveland native and I was happy to see Bertmans mustard (stadium mustard). That's a nice touch.  Be interesting to see how this place does outside of he airport.This is one of my favorite places to hang out while waiting for my flight.  The atmosphere is relaxing and comfortable.  Their 5 o'clock martini is always chilled to perfection and smooth.  If definitely pair it with the guacamole...it's a must have when there.  The freshness can't be beat!!Appallingly bad service in this airport gate hotel. Five employees were staring at me from the kitchen for minutes before one came out to help me. I was the only customer in the restaurant. The grilled cheese contained partially melted Kraft American cheese on a hard roll. I couldn't eat it and demanded a refund. Don't wait to eat at the gate and have to settle for this poor excuse for food.We recently visited this located on Terminal D in the Philadelphia airport. I gave this location 4 stars because it was decent for airport food. It was normally priced for airport food. I recommend the Fun Guy Burger, the dry rub wings, and the rosemary fries. They were all great! I DONT recommend the tomato soup, it was nasty, it taste like jar spaghetti sauce, no flavor. Another thing to note is the staff was all friendly and the food was fresh and hot. Great job staff working the restaurant!!This place only hires street hood rats. The employees lack respect and class. They are ignorant to customers and co workers. I've witnessed an employee literally threaten another employee. This place is more concerned about a tax write off, then they are about hiring quality people to represent their brand.Alicia J. is the reason for the 5 stars. I just stopped before my flight and grabbed a yogurt and iced tea before my flight. Alicia was the most pleasant, accommodating and prompt server I've had in a long time. Breakfast was almost over but she made sure I got want I wanted. Always smiling. I didn't see a manager to tell, but hope one sees this. 
As for the food, again, I only got a yogurt and iced teas so a bit hard for me to judge but the yogurt and granola and fruit parfait was good. 
In a time when customer service is rare, I feel the need to call it out when it's exceptional. 
Thanks again Alicia for brightening my morning!Great food. The pulled pork sand and rosemary fries were AMAZING. I would give more stars if I could. Ask for Nicole S as a server. She is the BEST!! I will definitely return. Wish I could come here when I don't have to Fly.  The Best.Based on one breakfast.  The bar tenders sunny attitude and smile was welcoming during a flight delay.  Like the staff, the sunny side up eggs  done correctly were a nice touch to a slow start to the trip.   Bar Symon has a nice open feel with lots of tables and bar space.  Outlets at the bar for phone charging is a plus.Food and service were great.  I sat at the bar and had a beer in my hand in 5 min.  Burger came about 15-20 min later.  It was also very good.
A star off for only taking orders for medium for the burger and sadly it came out well. But still very good.So I ordered the Breakfast Sandwich. It was pretty good actually, I was surprised because you never know what you're gonna get with airport food. But, the reason why I'm giving this review 5 stars is because of the service I received from Willie. He took my order and was beyond welcoming. He also checked on me while I was eating to make sure my food was ok and then he helped me throw away my trash. With the crazy experience I've been having at the Philadelphia airport with cancellations and rescheduling, I haven't been in the best mood... but Willie took care of me and made me smile. 5 stars for his customer service! Just ask for Willie if you need somethingThe bar tenders provided great service. The problem was the electronic beer dispensing and liquer dispensing machines. They had to punch in a code to get a draft beer which was difficult at best and they under pour cocktails. Each of the bartenders complained about the equipment which took them away from paying attention to customers. The Rock Bar which was at this location was 10x better. Sorry Symon - you suck.We loved it and we are picky. The French toast was amazing. The Coffee Bbq was the best. Service was quality not sure why the other reviews are bad. We enjoyed our experience and the food was great airport food. I would go back.Service sucks. Plain and simple. They'd rather be somewhere else. This isn't Dick's Last Resort, so why are they so smug. 
They certainly do not measure their drinks. A double is less than 2oz. I measured. And for 14.75 for an ounce and a half, this is BS. 
The pastrami sandwich is pretty good, but don't get the fries. May they could be ok if they were at least warm, but when I got my platter they were cooling from being removed from the heat lamp.
Bottom line: head back towards the terminal to get a drink.Granted, we were here around 6AM for a pre-flight breakfast, but it took over 5 minutes to be acknowledged, 10+ to be served a cold omlette, cold coffee & a meh breakfast sandwich. We had to ask the bartender to ask the server for more coffee and Talisha brought out a water glass of coffee to refill our cups. Mystery solved as to why their abominable coffee was soooo cold. At $3.50 a cup and $31.00 for breakfast and abysmal service, needless to say we will mcmuffin it next time.Money Pit!!!  $44 for a beer, margarita and some chips. Communication issues with server likely got us the wrong drink as it was $5 more than listed on menu. Service was nearly nonexistent, especially for an airport restaurant.  
Would recommend sitting at the bar if you go...the bar tenders seemed to be attentive and engaged.I was happy to see the restaurant while waiting on my flight and because it was early morning I was more pleased that they offered a decent breakfast menu.  There was a fair amount of customers at the restaurant and bar area, but the staff provided pretty good coverage and adequate-not great service.
The food came out relatively quick and that helped since I didn't have a lot of time.  The taste of the food was bland to average.  
Improvements can be made with staff attentiveness, but hey - we are in the airport!Customer service sucks. It's 7:20 a.m. in Terminal D at PHL.  There is a large seating area, but I'm at the counter where a giant sign says ORDER HERE. Boarding a flight in a few minutes. A waiter asks me to take a seat. I let her know that I want to ORDER HERE. She says that there are no staff to help me. So I decide to LEAVE NOW.Waiting for a flight out of town. Can't think of a better place to wait than a bar. Very spacious area large high top tables making it comfortable. Lots of electrical outlets and USB ports to pull in your phone and laptops. Connect to the free WiFi and your ready to work or surf until your plane boards. 
The drinks were a little pricey $ 15 for a glass of wine or Bloody Mary. Didn't stop us from ordering a second round. The food menu could have better considering iron chef Symon lends his name to the place. 
We ordered the only items on the menu that sounded good. Turkey Rachael and a burger. Both over cook and dry in desperate need of a sauce. They provided a special ketchup that was too spicy. The plane is boarding now or I would order more drinks to wash down the turkey.I'll just forward here what I sent in a comment to Michael Symon:
I'm currently sitting in your Bar Symon restaurant in Philadelphia, PA. Currently, my partner and I have been waiting for our APPETIZERS for an hour and a half. We also haven't been offered a second round of drinks. 
Shameful. This is an airport. Most people don't have the luxury of a two hour layover like I do. Most people would have walked out by now.
I'm about to myself.
I'd be horrified to have my name attached to this establishment. 
Un-acceptable.Best option for breakfast in the D terminal. The sausage gravy is delicious but has a bit of a spicy kick! Quick and friendly, above average for an airport restaurant.First let me start with for airport food the breakfast burrito was really good. The portions were good and the hash browns are real potato not preprocessed thrown in a fryer. So why two stars service was abysmal and price is a little on the high side although normal for PHL airport. Service had to be called over three times during meal.. take order.. refill a drink .. and bring check.. two different severs and both had such heavy accent was hard to understand and communicate. Finally gave up trying to ask about hashbrown preparation as each question was answered potato ... as I said order then as they are real prepared in house and a hi lite. Again food is fresh food is good just make sure you have an hour to kill.A lot of talking points... the fries are described as having "cheddar gravy"...c'mon guys. It's clearly wiz or maybe a step above. The pulled pork dollop was yummy, but overall the platter was disappointing. The silly beer pour system had me go for wine instead (which also had a silly dispensing system). A guy next to me ordered a good beer and was served a pint with an inch of head. It made me cringe, as a bartender myself. Unacceptable for a beer that was $9. He tried to tell the bartender that it wasn't a full pour but the bartender didn't seem to understand and said that's what the machine gave him. The guy walked away without taking the beer. 
If you take away the freewill and talent from a bartender, those things will happen. He was nice, and gave me friendly service. It's a shame.Our server was sweet, but slow and a little ditzy. We ordered a beer off the menu, and it took about 10 minutes for her to come back and tell us that they didn't have that kind anymore. Strike 1.
When my husband wanted to sub a turkey patty instead of beef on one of the signature burgers, she seemed utterly perplexed at the idea of using a different kind of meat (there WAS a turkey burger on the menu, so it shouldn't have been overly complicated). In the end, she rang it up as a signature turkey burger, minus the guacamole and other special ingredients, but adding bacon - for an extra $5. Strike 2.
The turkey burgers were small for the $13 ($18 for my husband's) price point (which didn't even include a side), and tasted burnt. Strike 3.
The saving grace was the rosemary fries, which were delicious, and the under-table outlets that allowed us to charge our devices while we ate. Overall, I think our $60 could have been better spent elsewhere in the PHL airport.Giving 1 star only because can't give zero stars, and this is without tasting the food. Because I haven't been asked if I need to have any food after sitting at the table and informing the waitress 2 times that nobody has taken my order. The second time I reminded her, her response was if you are too unhappy go talk to my managerThe food was great but the service was even better. Leona is one of the most kind and hard-working servers I've met. Also Jesus had great recommendations for my meal.We used the take out counter - where the overhead menu (TVs) and the printed menus had different pricing and the server said we need to use the printed, with the more expensive ( $1 more per item) - 
Server had no interest in or no ability to provide service to be helpful.  Judging by the interactions of the staff among themselves, our server was the norm.
2* because the sandwiches tasted OK, but otherwise, I would avoid.   Note - the grilled cheese is more like a toasted cheese melt. was good, but it never saw a grill.As a die hard Food Network fan, I was so excited when I ended up with extra wait time at the Philadelphia airport! That means I get to try Michael Symon's Bar Symon. Bottom line- it's good. But is it great? Nope. I was really expecting a lot more from an Iron Chef! I ordered something a little strange and they couldn't accommodate. I wanted a salad with their Philly cheese steak on it. There is already an option to order a Salad with Chicken, Turkey burger or beef burger on it. I just asked if I could get a salad with the Philly cheese steak grilled on it. No worries - I ordered a salad and a Philly cheesesteak without the bun and put it together myself. I know it's a strange request so it was no big deal but this is the first place recently that I've encountered that didn't say "no problem". Besides that - the service was good and the food was also good. The Philly was typical - nothing super special. But I'm not disappointed I chose it. I can now say I ate at Michael Symon's place!!Food not great.  Service bad.  Even by airport bar and grill expectations, it's falls way short.Perhaps I am Bruce Willis in Sixth Sense (spoiler alert) but I am not sure how to get service at this establishment.The best pastrami sandwich I've ever had.  Sat at the bar and not only was I impressed with the sandwich but the parm fries were freaking amazing.  So if that wasn't enough to enjoy while I'm waiting on my flight, the staff were very friendly and made me feel at home.  If ever back in Philadelphia, you can best bet I'm grabbing something to eat from here.  Let's get one around Atlanta, preferably on the northwest side.What a difference a year makes. I found myself back at Terminal D in the Philly Airport and decided to give Bar Symon a second shot and I am glad that I did.  Excellent service at the bar and the omelette is award winning.  Kudos to the management for making the necessary changes!Worst place to eat ever there were so many bugs flying around, one landed in my wine and because it was half empty I still had to pay for it. Never againWhat a disappointing trip to this restaurant! The food is 3 stat quality for the most part and  I understand I am in an airport so the prices reflected but the options are not that great and the service has something to be desired. Why are so many of these big chief named chain restaurants such a disappointing adventure. On a Sunday afternoon when it is kind of slow the service was so.bad. I would recommend walking to grab a pretzel and then eat somewhere else.Just finished a very pleasant and tasty meal here. We had friendly, attentive service. They have a good selection of local beers! The portions were generous (particularly the salad), and we enjoyed the house-made ketchup! The drinks are extravagantly priced, but the entrees were merely spendy (which is fair for an airport). Limited (but good) vegetarian options.
This seems to be one of the few bars in PHL that doesn't operate on a digital/iPad ordering system. If you are a human and you don't mind interacting with with humans, this may be a good choice, near gate D13.This is for the airport. I can't find the airport listed. Ordered burger medium to go. Took 20 mins to get my order. I knew it wasn't going to be medium with it taking so long. It was well done. Good bun. It was tasty, but way over cooked. For the price it should come as you ordered it.I've been two Bar Symon twice in the last few months. The first time I ordered a veggie burger, which was downright austere without basic toppings like tomato, lettuce, or cheese. It took so long to come out that they comped me fries, so I returned next trip. Second time, I ordered the bbq sandwich and a side salad. The sandwich was kind of mushy but good and the salad was $5 of iceberg lettuce and old cucumbers drowning in bad dressing. The server was more attentive the second time, but messed up my beer order. I saw 2 other groups request refunds or corrections to their orders. Won't be back, as the price is far too high for what you receive.Wasn't expecting much as this restaurant is in an airport. Safe to say this is one of the worst meals I've had in my entire life. Ordered the kielbasa and pierogis, kielbasa tasted like hot dogs and didn't even slightly resemble the traditional Polish sausage. Pierogies were straight out of a Mrs. T's box and were soggy. Rosemary fries tasted like a bath bomb from Lush. Absolutely would not recommend.Waitresses offered terrible services, seriously!
While I was sitting and waiting for a delayed airplane, one of the waitresses came over me (not offering menu), and said it's not allowed to sit here, if you want order beer go to the bar! How rude! And no one is sitting and eating at where I was, I wonder if she knows what tip is made of.  Anyway, BIG MISTAKE BIG MISTAKE!Literally the worst airport meal ever and I fly a lot! Come on Michael... if your names on it it need to be a lot better than this. Veggie burger was the worst ever, and that's no exaggeration, as hard as a brick! If you can't make it right get it off the menu! And the fries, cold! Tasted like they were made an hour ago. This was really a 0 star review. 
BTW, the server was sweet but poorly trained.This restaurant was just fine, considering the general quality of airport food. We had a very early morning flight, and were pleased to find this restaurant open at 4:30 AM. They had a decent selection of bagels and breakfast items. They were extremely busy, and had a long line. There didn't seem to be much order among the staff, and they forgot about our order. I noticed when they started serving customers who had ordered after us, and had gotten the same thing. The bagel itself wasn't super fresh, and it didn't come with fresh cream cheese, only the pre-packaged Philadelphia cream cheese single servings. And of course, the bagel was twice what you'd pay outside the airport (but that's to be expected). All in all, it was fine for the airport, but nothing stellar.Bar Symon is an nice place to pass time at the end of Terminal D at PHL airport. The have a nice verity if beers on tap as well, including a very good Belgian Tripel. The rosemary fries are very good along with the seracha mayo dip. I also ordered the Poutine, it was so so. The gravy on the poutine was lacking that original tastWent to Bar Symon for breakfast last weekend as I heard it was a restaurant of a celebrity chef. Made my way through several terminals based on this. Restaurant space was nice and we were seated quickly. It was fairly empty at the time. I ordered pancakes, sausage, coffee. First coffees arrived, and were fine. Refills - lukewarm and had to send them back. We specifically asked if pancakes were from scratch and told yes. However they tasted like a no-name, straight out of box, just add water mix. I've never tasted a pre-mix, if that's what it was, that bland. The portions were very large, which was good. Asked for butter, and they had trouble sourcing. Waiter had to possibly leave restaurant to get - he did get it though. Service slowed after food on table - not sure why as it was quiet. Contrary to those who might subscribe this sad result to a restaurant being in an airport, I had a nice Philly cheesesteak sandwich in the fast food section on the way back which was great. If celebrity chefs are going to attach their names to airport restaurants to increase their brands, this did not work. I'm now hesitant as a foreign tourist to put hard earned money down in one of his restaurants.TL;DR: I'd rather eat leftovers from a trash can than ever come here again. 
Flight was delayed over an hour so I decided to have a drink/snack at the closest bar. Sign said "please wait to be seated" but the hostess didn't look up at all, so I sat myself in the bar area. I waited 20 minutes and no one came to take my order. I switched seats and waited 20 more minutes - still no one. 
In the meantime the couple who had been sitting across from me (who had also apparently waited half a lifetime to get their order taken) physically stopped one of the waitresses and asked her to take my order. She replied "one minute, I need to take care of something" and went up go talk to the hostess. Never came back. Neither did anyone else. Couple across from me also did not like their food...once it finally arrived.
In conclusion: this place was a mess, food was bad (per hearsay as I did not get to order any food myself) and the waitstaff was apparently just a bunch of people pretending to be waitstaff, since they were rude af and not actually taking any orders.It is a toss-up as to whether the food or the service was worse. Eggs were overcooked and the server could care less.  Take a walk around as there are other sit down restaurants in the area that are much better and less expensive.Food was overpriced for what we got.  Limited menu and limited quantity.  A single piece of the smallest piece of rye bread accompanied my omelet.  
Service-  we sat at the bar because there we no real waitresses.  We had to ask for multiple items that we forgot.  We constantly had to flag the bar tender for more coffee or other items.   Mornings in the airport are busy,  this is managements fault for not having enough servers and bar tenders on duty.  They were working hard, just not enough of them.One of the best airport breakfasts' I have ever had. The service was a little slow, considering we were in an airport but luckily we were super early for our flight. All of my coworkers food was delicious as well. Will be going back if I'm in the philly airport.Do not come here in a rush, the service is sooooo slow. Our table started off with a round of drinks. Beer prices aren't bad, it's an airport beer. I ordered the pierogis and kielbasa for dinner and the dish was just okay. I do like Iron Chef Michael Symon unfortunately Bar Symon fell short of expectations.Hmmm- so contrary to other reviews, I had pretty good, quick service on a fairly busy Friday mid-morning. I agree with the lament of "airport food"...it hard to know what you're going to get- but aside from the fact that my food wasn't served hot, it was tasty. The sausage gravy had great flavor- bacon was deliciously crispy as ordered, and my eggs were a split decision - with one cooked as ordered and one undercooked- which I just don't do.
So, Bar Symon gets 4 stars because the place was;
clean, servers were prompt and polite, food had really good flavor, and well, the Symon-factor. 
Also, I adjusted for the fact that this location is in an airport terminal- and aside from very few exceptions, my experience has been that food somehow goes a little bit sideways when it enters the terminal.
If you're here, and you're hungry, this is a fairly good choice. The menu sounds delicious, so try something.I can only review the beer here and I am not a beer drinker but I chose the flight beer choice so I can try out a few different ones. My favorite was the cider. And my absolute least favorite was the kolsch huge bar with an outlook to the planes taking off...Really disappointing. They serve kettle chips with their guacamole, who does that?? The chips were actually soggy. The guac had a huge chunk of avocado that was very hard and could not be smashed. My Margarita was flavorless. I only ordered the Margarita after the bartender didn't know how to make the pretty common drink I wanted. Service was very average. The server actually complained that the tray was heavy with our two drinks and Guac.  When we got the bill, there was a charge for a grand marnier float on my margarita, there was no way there was a float on it, there was no extra color or flavor on top. Total bill was $41 for 2 drinks, a cup of guac, and soggy kettle chips. Stop at the bar earlier on the concourse!Worst service I have honestly ever had in my 43 years on earth.  WOW!!!!!  I have been sitting here for 25 minutes waiting for a drinks that does not even include the food we ordered.  I get it's an airport establishment, but if you are going to put your name on something that should carry some weight.  All Michael is doing with that place is running his name through the mud.We suffered through multiple cancellations of flights, and hotels due to weather and ended up sleeping at the airport (after already traveling internationally for 22 hours without rest).,,,and we walked into this place hesitant after being treated horribly by American Airlines and various hotel staff.  Tired, cranky, etc. We found Khadijah at Bar Simon and she changed our whole outlook with her smile and genuine warm spirit!!! Very attentive, excellent above and beyond service!!!! Then we were not expecting anything from the food but were shocked! I don't really like omelets or sausage gravy but both rocked my world and I would eat theirs again and again! Excellent flavor and care taken with prep of their food!! 
Bypass all the lines at Dunkin' Donuts and chik filet and come here to visit KHADIJA at 5:30am :)So disappointed. We split the Greek salad which was ok. Too many olives but only a few cherry tomatoes. The garden burger was so overcooked, it was Rick hard and inedible. I was so excited for the rosemary fries but could hardly taste any rosemary and they were also overcooked and too crunchy to enjoy. Split the salad, the burger, one beer, two margaritas and was set back $80!!This place is hit or miss. The menu is limited due to all the breakfast meat being pork and everything comes with a meat. I ordered a side of hash browns and they came room temperature and there were a bunch of inedible hard Potatoes mixed in which made it hard to eat. I couldn't do it. Luckily they only cost me $5.Place stinks. Says seat yourself - WRONG. I sat at a small table missing a back support. When the table beside me opened up I moved. They asked me to live again even though there were six open seats on my right (I was a a 4 person table) I said I really didn't want to move but then they tried to move the table. I left. If the want to control seating they should have a hostess not say seat yourself. If they say seat yourself and you do - they shouldn't ask you to move - just saying.Bar tender was amazing an very helpful. Manager was weirdly staring at us while eating pretzels!!!! I felt very uncomfortable so we had to leave!I was so displeased about being yelled at by some man who is a manager, not Doug. Hana was great and Doug was personable. I hate that I cannotGreat experience here!  Service was perfect.  I came for breakfast before a flight out of the Philly airport. Had the Omelet Plate.  Bacon, diced avocado that was the perfect ripeness (is that a word) tomato, with a handful of fresh arugula on top.  Nice sourdough and good hash browns.  Coffee was so-so. At least it was hot. Way overpriced, but that's what you get when you go to a name chef restaurant, so I'm not complaining...I'm just sayin'.Ordered the chicken wings and poutine. First, the wings were overcooked and tough to eat and only 2 "flats" in the entire order. Second, the poutine tasted gross, kinda "chemically", I highly suggest not eating  the poutine. Thirdly, the server was not attentive about us needing extra napkins and refills. Side note to waitstaff: don't clean the floors with vinegar while customers are eating. The smell is overwhelming and frankly gross.Waitress was rude and slow. There's only a few other people here and took her about 10 minutes to get our drinks to us. Then when we got the bill it was short some change. And our double shot vodka n oj tasted watered down. Not even worth the moneyPricey and mediocre, but survives out of necessity because it is the only option in the Delta terminal near the gates. 
Service isn't the worst - usually is better at the bar. The servers have all been friendly but not always very attentive.
Food wise, while a little pricey it isn't that bad. I've had a good experience with almost every food item I've ordered compared to some other airport restaurants, but it certainly isn't anything special. My go to's are the fries, pirogies (surprisingly good) or the basic grilled cheese.  
My main issue is with the prices. I'd love to have some pre-flight wine, but a 9 oz pour was $17 a glass. They can get away with it, but just not worth it!Great food! Tremendous service! Daniel and Ehab are our main guys today--and seriously, every single staff member we have experienced at this restaurant is stellar. We LOVE this place--so much so that we arrive at the airport two hours prior to our boarding time so that we can relax, grab a couple of drinks, and enjoy the AMAZING wings! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Order from your phone to avoid having to wait at the entrance for someone to come over! They have decent food at airport prices, and if you choose to eat inside their space it is nice and inviting - almost making you forget you're still inside an airport. The guy who took my order was nice and he brought my order to me when it was ready. Portions are large here and I had plenty to bring with me on my flight after eating half of the meal in the terminal.Don't bother. Don't be swayed by a Food Network star name. Seriously. I never have high expectations for an airport bar/quick food venue. It's the nature of the beast. My minimal expectations were not even close to being met.
It took 10 minutes after seating myself at the bar to be greeted. I ordered a local draft and was curtly told that there was NO draft beer available. At an airport??? Ordered a regional bottle, which took 10 minutes to arrive while my server took care of other drinks. Umm, I'm at the bar, the beer cooler was literally in line behind you as you took my order. You could have rotated 180 degrees, got the bottle, rotated back to me and been done.
Ordered the kielbasa and pirogi's. They arrived another 10 minutes later. And were lukewarm, at best. I did not complain because I was resigned to a bad experience and just wanted to get some food in belly and get on with my travel. Nope. I got regaled with a story from another server... "This isn't so bad. It's just no beer. A short time ago we went for two days with no way to run credit cards."
There's no way that the sparkling dome and personality of Michael Symon is going to materialize in Terminal D and fix this lame excuse for what should be a slam dunk. Avoid.This.Place.I really enjoyed Philly. I just wanted some local beer at a local bar. While I was waiting for my flight to Houston, I found this bar. 
I tried to go inside, but there was no one. I found some local beer, then bought it. I asked a lady if I could drink the beer inside. She said " You have to pay tips'. What? I paid $1.
I went inside and tried to order some food. But no one was coming. I left.
It was the only disgusting experience in my stay in Philly. I checked the other reviews on Yelp. It seemed that there were other victims of the bad services.
Please read the Yelp reviews before you go!The server was not friendly and the lettuce was turning brown. Also, the salad did not include everything that was listed on the menu. A waste of $16.00.Sat there and was promptly ignored. I get staff is hard to find, but people coming in after me were being served. Very surly hostess. I would give no stars but this is not an option.All I can say is thank God Tony Luke's was not open. Cheesesteak Here rosemary fries best ever real provolone cheese not cheese whiz wait till you get to the airport terminal D, also thank God the Delta sky lounge is closed. Great staff thanks DannyNot too shabby. I arrived at 11:30 and there were still cleaning supplies out on the bar and several tables. Maybe there were a little short staffed, but the two guys working the bar seemed to have a lot on their plate. 
Very nice variety of beers, I got two different local ones and they were each $11, which is pretty high, but I guess that's the deal at an airport. The Troegs Perpetual IPA was a well balanced I{A with an 85 IBU, pretty solid. The Symon Says Haze had a tropical feel too it, but still plenty of substance. I would definitely drink this one again, though I don't know about the $11 tag.This restaurant is located within the Philadelphia airport. My girlfriend and I stopped in out of convenience as it was located very close to our gate. I can remember watching chef Michael Symon on Food Network. He seems like a pretty likable guy. This restaurant was good but nothing spectacular. It was not very busy on our visit. Service was a little slow. It took no time to be seated but it did take a bit for someone to visit our table to take our order. I believe that they are under staffed as many of the staff were performing multiple tasks. Slow service out aside, our food was delicious. I had the Lola burger and my girlfriend had a regular burger. I will say that our burgers were prepared to our satisfaction. They were served at the perfect temperature. Everything on it seemed to be fresh. We did not order fries and we had water to drink. The staff were not overly friendly but they weren't rude either. All in all, we had an ok experience. It was a bit pricey and so I'm not sure we would be back on a future trip. We may try their food court where they have multiple fast food options next time. I'm glad we visited but it may be a one and done for us.Grabbed a bite to eat at Bar Symon while we were waiting to board our flight. Having eaten at all of Michael Symon's restaurants in Cleveland numerous times, we really just came for old times' sake and for the Lola fries. Service at Bar Symon was pretty good for an airport restaurant. Our server was very attentive, except for the fact that we asked for no cheese on our burger but still got served with a burger WITH cheese. We later noticed our server did in fact put in the order for no cheese on the receipt, so it could've just been an oversight by the chefs. The food itself was what you would expect. Nothing to complain about because our food (except for the cheese thing) and our wines were brought out promptly and as requested. The Lola burger was a standard burger with a fried egg and pickled onions. The Lola fries that came with it tasted exactly like they usually do. Fresh, thin, and crispy with rosemary. Located at the end of the gate, the format of the restaurant is like a sports bar's. There is ample seating, including a huge bar with lots of TV screens broadcasting many sports channels.They've got you.  They don't rely on repeat business, and with the Delta gate yards away, you go for the convenience.  Not the food or service.
So I got a hamburger that was supposed to have sautéed onions and mushrooms.  "Medium rare, please," I specified.  Barely an onion and a couple of mushrooms, with the burger super well done and over-priced.T. ordered a pastrami sandwich, which he sort of liked.  It looked like a reuben, again over-priced and stingy on the filling.
Service?!  We almost left.  (In retrospect we should have.)  When we stood up after a long wait, a waiter devoid of personality, shuffled over and took our order.  The restaurant, by the way, was virtually empty.
Note to self:  next trip, buy something on the outside to eat in the terminal.Wow!! These MILD chicken wings are so good. They give you about 1.5lbs of wings for $15. At first I thought it was a bit too high but they were so good, it was worth the cost. I've never heard of this place before, but I'm glad it was right by my departure gate. If I was to ever come across this restaurant again I will definitely be going in. 
Job well done.An overall 2.5 star review seems a little harsh. 
When flying the D terminal it is the only bar, which I had visited in the past for beverages.
I recently tried the food for the first time. Keeping it basic, I went with a Cobb salad with some simple substitutions. The order came out correct. The chicken was a little dry but the overall salad was fine.
The bartenders were jovial. They were in good spirits and friendly. My server had a good sense of humor and patience to be dealing with travelers.
The music was enjoyable for me as well. 
The biggest complaint is really the price. The wine can add up.
Overall, this isn't a place to avoid like a 2.5 star disaster.Brutal. The two people working in the bar ignored me and walked by five times. They're not busy, just walking around looking like mindless robots. Got up to leave just as the guy decided to come over and ask for order.Incredible insane. 
Minus 1 star for each:
1) ordered burger. They asked do I want fries? And included them into check ($4.00) Wtf? Who includes fries into check, they are free in the most places, unless they are made from gold.
2) chairs are inserted into table. So you have to pick it up high and pull with loud sound. Very "convenient". Or, you can try to slip into it. And place your staff on same chair, with afraid that it will fall. 
3) water is smelling with chlorine. You may want to drink this stink water, but I'll pass. 
4) NO napkins. You eat burger with paid fries and you has no way to clean it up, unless go to the restroom which is outside this bar. 
Bravo!
Total: burger + beer = 27$ (without tips, of course). Really?
5) they took signed check while we were still sitting. She asked - is it done? I said no. I didn't want her to see it until we are seating. But she opened it and noticed that this is signed. So she took it, trying to make us to leave. What the hell? No one takes signed check (with or without tips) while people are still seating. 
Sad that I can't remove the last star.